This time Arthur didn't hesitate to kneel at Merlin's side and eat from his fingers. As he thoroughly sucked them clean, Merlin realised that he was silently expressing his willingness to show his gratitude in more arousing ways.

A lazy afternoon being pleasured by Arthur's beautiful mouth sounded like an excellent idea as far Merlin was concerned, so he moved them both back over to the bed.

"I'm looking forward to more of that talented mouth of yours, so don't rush. Take your time and show me just what you've learnt."

He lay back on the pillows to watch Arthur working out how to do this in his own time, without any specific demands from his master. He circled the base of Merlin's cock with his hand then leaned down to lick the underside, base to tip. Merlin was already tempted to thrust up, to push his cock into the wet heat of Arthur's mouth but he kept his hips on the bed, controlling himself. Arthur was learning that he existed to please Merlin, and that included using his skills and experience to do the work some of the time.

Still, Merlin was very pleased that he didn't have long to wait before Arthur stopped teasing and took him between his lips. Arthur was obeying his instruction to take it slow and as they lay there, Merlin thought he could happily spend the rest of his life with his cock in the safe haven of Arthur's mouth.

Arthur moved his other hand to caress Merlin's balls and he remembered just how good the sword-calloused fingers had felt on his cock. "Your hands feel so good, touching me. I should have realised before what a good plaything a knight would make, even if they haven't spent years as a squire on their knees, catering to their lord's pleasure."

Arthur moaned around his cock. "You like that idea, don't you? Did you know that's what you wanted, to be kneeling there in front of your master, while he used your mouth mercilessly?"

"Shall we try it now? Get off the bed and on your knees."

It wasn't the lazy afternoon Merlin had planned, but he knew couldn't wait any longer to use Arthur's mouth the way it was made for. He stood and grabbed his hair with his left hand, using it to hold him exactly where he wanted him. Arthur's eyes were already glazing over at the scenario and his cock was fully hard and straining against his belly; he may not have known that this was what he wanted, but it was obvious how much his body craved being controlled like this.

His mouth eagerly welcomed Merlin's thumb to hold his jaw open, no coaxing needed this time. Resting lazily inside Arthur's mouth was bliss, but the thought of how much Arthur wanted this, wanted to be on his knees taking whatever Merlin chose to give him, that was even better.

He pushed his cock in smoothly, not stopping until he hit the back of Arthur's mouth. He could feel Arthur gagging a little at the pressure, and it felt great on the sensitive head of his cock but what he really wanted was to bury it as deep as it would go.

"Come on now, relax and swallow," he said, not letting up the pressure on Arthur's throat. "You don't think your knightly master would let you get away with refusing him, with not taking every inch of the cock he was kind enough to share with you? He'd beat you until you begged for the chance to please him."

Merlin slid the rest of the way into Arthur's mouth, still holding his head to give him chance to adjust. His eyes watered as he struggled to breathe, and Merlin stroked away the tears, relishing the sight of the beautiful young man on his knees, helpless to do anything except accept being used and enjoy the experience.

"I think you'd like that, actually," Merlin said, as he could control himself no longer and started to fuck Arthur's mouth in earnest, burying himself in his throat with every stroke. "It would start out as a punishment, but it wouldn't be long before you'd be begging him for more, to hit you harder and longer, so you couldn't sit down for days without the memory of his hand on your bare arse."

He was pleased to see that Arthur didn't seem to be objecting to the idea at all, his cock still hard and leaking, caught up in the feeling of being used and willing to do anything that would please his master. Merlin was looking forward to seeing that beautiful arse hot and red from his hand, spread wide and eager to be fucked.

This time, though, he was more than happy to keep on using the lovely mouth in front of him, until he was nearly ready to come. "Shut your eyes," he gasped and then pulled out to climax all over Arthur's face. He pushed his arousal at the sight of the noble prince decorated with his come through the bond and that was all it took to push Arthur over the edge, finishing as the last of Merlin's release hit his skin.

"I think that was well worth the experiment, don't you?" he said, once he had recovered his breath. "You're going to need another wash, though, you really are a filthy boy."

"Come and rest for a while - I have a treat for you this evening, but I don't want you over-tired."