The fingers of her right hand softly drummed the oak desk as Erin starred intently at the blank piece of paper before her. She had been sitting in front of the workspace for nearly an hour now and still the paper hadn't the slightest hint of ink upon it.
Erin was a fourth year university student majoring in psychology. The semester had started only a couple months ago, but she was already frantic about her thesis due end of term. She sighed heavily, as if suddenly realizing the paper was not about to write itself, she took herself from the desk and sat comfortably in her bean bag chair with her cordless phone in hand.
Without looking, she mindlessly dialed the numbers she'd dialed so many times. The phone rang once and a familiar voice came. "Still having trouble with your thesis Erin?" Ashley asked sympathetically.
"Pretty sad, isn't it?" Erin asked. "Don't even have to ask who it is and you know it's me calling."
Ashley chuckled, "I don't know anyone else who'd call me at 12:30 in the morning."
"It's not..." Erin panicked, looking at her clock. "I'm so sorry, I didn't realize how late it was!"
"Oh shut it," Ashley laughed again, "You've got a lot on your mind lately, and I'm your best friend. Wake me if you need to, I'm here for ya. Besides, I couldn't sleep anyways so I've been watching TV the last few hours. I was awake."
Erin relaxed, "Thanks Ashley, I just can't seem to get my mind off of him."
"Who? Billy or your Grandfather?" Ashley asked.
"I'm over Billy... well, still hurts, but my Grandfather moreso. We were really close, ya know? He taught me how to play Backgammon when I was a little girl and we played every weekend together." Erin sniffled, "First weekend in almost 15 years that we haven't played."
"Erin hunny, he was in pain, and now the pain is gone. Take comfort in that fact." Ashley reassured.
Erin began to cry on the phone uncontrollably. Between losing her Grandfather, her exe-boyfriend leaving her for her cousin and this paper she just could not seem to start, the world was weighing heavily on her shoulders.
"Erin, I have an idea to help take your mind off of everything."
She stifled another sniff and relaxed a bit, "Anything Ashley, anything to help me get my mind off of things, even if for just a few minutes. I can't even sleep as of late."
"Get dressed up, comfortable, but nice. Dress like you're going for a night out with the girls. I'll send a text to your cell, just go from there. Promise it will help ya." Ashley said mysteriously.
Erin did not even bother to argue, just said her 'okays' and 'goodbyes' and hung up. She walked to her closet and rummaged through her clothes, trying to find something comfortable and relatively fancy. There was little thought put into it, not knowing the occasion, so she grabbed her soft yellow silk blouse and navy blue knee high skirt. Erin had an odd fascination with matching her panties with her shirt, so she slid on a pair of yellow underwear.
Erin had long, smooth legs, and Ashley was always jealous of them because she could easily get away without panty hose, not a single blemish on them. She tied back her think brunette hair into a quick ponytail and applied her make up and she was ready to go. She took another quick look in the mirror, adjusted her C cups one last time and headed outside with her cell.
She glanced at the text message; there was no information, just an address. She knew the street well though; 10 minute walk and the streets were always well lit outside her campus. Her mother would freak if she knew what time she was outside, walking by herself, but this town had always been a great place to live since she first started school here. It wasn't like the big cities where people were picked up off the streets on a daily basis, never to be found.
Erin tried desperately not to think of Billy, her Grandfather or her paper. She had done a great job covering up the fact that she had been crying and did not wish to spoil that. She focused on the soft, cool breeze brushing past her ears, unhindered with her hair tied back. The fresh, clean air was almost intoxicating. It amazed her how such wonder had always gone unnoticed, yet anything that could make her think of something other than her problems was intoxicating. That thought took her back to her psychology classes, wondering what the various professors would say about her using anything to take her mind off her problems.
Was she running from her problems, or finding a way to cope? So many different theories and one almost always contradicted another. Erin shook her head free of those thoughts, which would have undoubtedly lead her back to her depression of being unable to come up with a thesis to write about.
Everything was brought back into focus when she arrived at the address Ashley had sent her. It was a small, red bricked house with an oak door that reminded her of the colour of her desk. The lights were on, but not very bright. She could not remember walking to the door, she was focused on the wood and just seemed to end up there. Erin chalked it up to a couple days without sleep.
She knocked softly, afraid really, not sure why she was here. At first Erin thought to herself that she probably had not knocked hard enough for anyone to hear. She raised her hand again and before she could knock, the door opened.
He was tall, jet black hair with a smile that seemed to cut the uneasiness right from her. Erin smiled back, looking him up and down carefully, trying not to be caught. He wore a light blue golf shirt and black pants that were pressed down the legs like dress wear. He extended his hand non-threateningly to invite her in.
Erin regained herself and stumbled to ask, "Is Ashley here?"
He said not a word, just shook his head and smiled, reaching his hand out yet again, offering for her to take it.
Mystery plagued her, but before she could protest, she had found her body had betrayed her mind and she was walking inside with the stranger, her eyes locked with his. He took her to the left of the front door to the living room. Erin's eyes broke from his as she looked at her surroundings. The walls were painted soft beige, the carpet a medium blue and all the wooden furniture a deep cherry. The upholstered furniture matched the colour of the cherrywood. In front of the couch, three candles were lit that seemed to be emitting the lavender scent she noticed upon entering the man's house. Beside the candles was a bowl of strawberries and blueberries.
Erin began to ask his name and was silenced by the soft gentile touch of a finger over her lips. She looked at him again and seemed to melt with his smile. Still holding her hand, he walked her over to sit in the center of the couch facing the coffee table with the candles. Before walking away from her, he lifted her hand to his lips, and without breaking the eye contact, kissed her knuckles lovingly. Erin was nervous, still unsure what all this was about, yet he continued to move behind the couch, behind her. Erin's eyes followed him there, but when he stopped behind her, he softly his palms on her side of her head and gently turned her to face away from him.
His hands moved down her cheeks, the silkiness of his skin surprised her. No callused fingers, just soft, gently hands that ran down over her neck and rested softly on her shoulders. His hands began to knead at her shoulders, massaging her gently and Erin's head began to grow very light. Her eyes closed as he worked his magic. Even through closed eyelids, Erin's eyes rolled up into her head as she began to rock her neck from side to side.
What a gift this man had! She rested her head on the back of the couch as he softly worked to loosen her muscles. His hands stopped massaging and rested on her shoulders, and slowly they moved inwards to her exposed neck. She felt the soft skin of his fingertips run from her throat up her neck towards her cheek and then rested on her temples. Slowly he massaged and she was fully lost in the moment.
For the first, the man spoke. Nothing more than a whisper, he said next to her ear, "Can you trust me?"
Of course she couldn't, she had no idea who he was, and she had just met him mere moments ago. Betrayed again, her head simply nodded yes. He leaned in and kissed her softly on the cheek and Erin felt herself wanting to turn more into the kiss, but left things as they were. "Keep your eyes closed" he whispered seductively again.
Velvet cloth laid over her eyes as the man carefully tied the blindfold behind her head. A wave of warmth rushed over the surface of the side her of neck as he leaned in slowly. Erin tilted her head away to give him more access and butterflies went from her stomach throughout her body as he kissed at her neck. Again Erin found herself light headed by his touch, but she did not care. She felt safe that at any point she could remove the blindfold, stand up and walk away.
His lips trailed up her neck toward the back of her ear as she felt one of his hands rest upon her shoulder again, and move downwards to her breast. He cupped her gently through the silk blouse and began to softly rub. Erin started to bite her lower lip as she felt her nipples hardening from his touch. His kisses continued as his hand explored her breast and she let out a small whimper.
Somehow Erin's guards were completely down, she'd never done anything like this before. She was experienced enough in the ways of pleasure, but she had never allowed herself to be fondled by someone she was not very close to, let along just met. Despite her morals wanting to scream out in protest, her body yet again won the argument and she was silenced.
His hand left her right breast to move to the other, rubbing softly as his kisses made their way up her cheek and stopped close to her lips. Erin wanted it, and badly. As he was about to kiss her, she lifted her head a little with her lips ready to find nothing but air. Her face scrunched up into a pout and she whimpered again. So badly did she want the kiss and was denied. Her face relaxed with the realization that he too, may be having a difficult time with this after just meeting her.
Bolts of electricity shot from Erin's lips down her spine as the lips she badly wanted to taste had unexpectedly pressed themselves against hers. He kissed her deep and passionately and she returned as much as she could. The shock did nothing to help her light headedness and her nipples felt as if they were going to explode.
They kissed for a long while, and reluctantly, he pulled his lips away. Erin whimpered for more again, but was at least satisfied she'd had her taste. He took his hand from her breast and moved around front of her. The sweet smell of strawberry dangled in front of her nose, she opened her mouth as he put the berry inside. She bit down and the flavour exploded within her mouth as she felt both breasts being massaged and kneaded again.
He put a few more berries to her lips which she ate as he traced his hands all over Erin. Each time he passed over her chest, he stealthily undid a button. She felt the soft palms of his hands then rest on her belly and dragged slowly over to the side, opening her shirt and revealing her bra. Her head came forward and was about to voice her protest but was met with those soft, tender lips again.
Her hands moved to his arms and rested softly, but he guided her to place them back down while they kissed. Erin swooned when his tongue parted her lips. She returned the same with her tongue, and once again his hands were at her breasts. Erin had been feeling the longing feeling between her legs and everything this man did simply made her want more. Erin had never felt this horny in her life and could have been happy with just ripping each other's clothes off and riding him all night.
Her whimpers turned into more audible moans as his hands slipped under her bra to expose her breasts completely. His hands moved behind her and she sat forward slightly to give him access when the familiar sound of a click had her bra falling in front of her and the straps down her arms. He tossed the bra to the side and begin kissing the side of her neck again. His kisses trailed downwards towards her breasts. He kissed circles around one nipple until finally centering in and took it into his mouth. Erin's back arched forward to his mouth as she softly sucked and tongued her nipple.
Erin was desperate to have her aching pussy satisfied and her hand began to move towards her groin. She was stopped again by his free hand and she pouted again. She whispered to him, and begged, "Please?"
She felt his hand rest upon her knee while he sucked softly at her nipple. The hand trailed up her thigh, up the skirt and her legs parted to give him more access. She moaned an "Mmmhmmm" to tell him to keep going. Up her inner thigh, his hand moved closer and closer to her sex, only to stop right at her panty line. "Please?" she begged again. "Touch me." Still whispering.
He lifted his hand away and stopped sucking her nipple. She thought she might cry under the blindfold until she felt a hand touch each knee as he knelt in front of her. His hands moved up the outsides of her legs, up her skirt and took hold of her panties. She lifted her bottom up and let him slide her panties off while leaving the skirt in place.
His hands reached behind to grab her buttocks and seated her right on the edge of the couch. She felt the familiar lips touch the inside of her left leg, kissing softly, he moved his way up. Erin spread her legs more and reached to life her skirt up. This wasn't Erin's first time being sexual by any means, but no one had ever gone down on her because she wouldn't let them. She thought it was gross to put your face there, so never let her boyfriends do it.
She thought to protest this time, yet everything the man did felt so good, and felt like such a tease. She was afraid if she stopped him from doing this, he might stop everything all together. Her pussy desperately needed some attention now, and since she'd ignored everything her mind told her from the time she walked in, why should she start listening to it now?
Closer and closer his mouth got to her sex, climbing up her inner thigh with kisses until she felt the warm breath near her very wet pussy. She felt his fingers spread her lips apart and his mouth closed over her clit softly, kissing once and pulling away. A wave pleasure flowed up her body like she'd never felt before and she moaned. He kissed again she jerked a bit, unable to control her body's reaction.
His mouth opened again and the hot air from his breath had her wanting more. He licked his lips and closed them around her clit, and began to gently suck her clit into his mouth. Erin gasped for air from the shock of what she was feeling. Her hands went to her lap and rested on his head, just the cloth of her skirt between them. His tongue made short little dashes across her clit in his mouth and she pressed his head into her deeper.
The room spun in every direction, her head flipped from side to side and she wondered how much the blindfold might be doing to her. Not being able to see might have heightened her sense of touch. Or maybe it was purely psychological; not knowing what was to come next grew to be extremely exciting.
His tongue continued to rub at her clit and Erin began panting, whimpering with each breath, wanting more and more. She knew her orgasm was building very fast; all that pent up frustration was rushing to close faster than she knew was possible. His tongue slowed down a little and Erin wasn't sure what to think. It didn't take long to realize she was still building up, just not as fast and she savored the thought of this feeling lasting longer and longer. All thoughts she had of oral sex being performed on her had gone right out the window and she even considered that this might be better than sex.
She built up, higher and higher and his tongue began to move faster. "Oh... OH' Erin started, feeling her orgasm right on edge. She pressed his head deep and closed her legs as she felt her orgasm shoot through her entire body. She wasn't sure how long it had lasted, or if she'd fallen to the side on the couch. She was dizzy and light headed and she felt so amazingly good. Her breaths were short and quick, her heart raced until she realized she had a firm hold of the man's head between her legs. She felt embarrassed and said "Sorry."
"Nothing to be sorry about." He said reassuringly. His hand slipped back up her legs and he slipped a finger inside her pussy with ease, she was extremely wet now. Erin resisted at first, thinking that her orgasm had been so powerful she couldn't handle another. His finger found a spot deep within her that had her back to her horny state in no time.
She was panting again as he probed her g-spot. She reached up and removed the blindfold. The man tried to stop her but she slapped his hands and tossed the cloth to the side. With him still kneeling on the carpet in front of her, it was pretty easy for her to push him over onto his back. She got off the couch and straddled him. He still had his finger inside her working her button in a way that made it hard for her to maintain her composure, but there would be no more teasing.
She reached down and undid his belt while he grinned evilly. He knew he was making it difficult for her to concentrate on what she was doing; she kept losing her balance on her knees as she swooned with pleasure. Still, she worked his belt apart and undid his zipper and pulled his hardened cock from his pants. He was of average length, but really thick. She turned around on him, straddling over his chest to still let him have access to her pussy. Gripping him firmly, she bent over and took the end of his cock into her mouth.
She heard him gasp from the pleasure and continued to bob up and down over his head. Her hand held firm to the base of his cock. This being her first time going down on a guy, she was surprised by the taste. Slightly off at first, then it tasted good. She bobbed faster and faster, finding she was really enjoying herself. She had to hand it to him though, despite all her efforts, he had great restraint and held himself from cumming quite well.
It got harder for her to continue; he kept fingering her really well and even curved his thumb under to rub her clit at the same time. She stopped for a min and just held his cock, her head resting to the side while he fingered her. She started moaning again. Erin forgot she was pleasuring the man while her own selfish pleasures let her do nothing but rest. She was getting close again, he fingered her in and out and she started to bite her lip again. "Stop." She begged weakly, but he did not oblige. "Please stop, I'd rather your cock make me orgasm."
Still he didn't stop, but he did slow, keeping her on edge. Erin knew he would stop if she would just get up and reposition herself, but it felt so good. She nudged herself away a little, yet he continued to finger her and she moaned louder again. It took all her will power to move away from his reach so she could ride him instead. When she looked back at him, the coy look on his face told her he was getting off on making her suffer, making her choose for him to stop instead of him just stopping.
She reached between her legs to feel herself, completely sopping wet. She slipped the skirt down her legs and was now completely naked in front of him. He reached down to his hips while lying down and slid his pants and boxers off. Erin climbed on top of him and lined his cock up with her pussy. Without pushing him inside of her, she bobbed slowly back and forth, rubbing the tip of his cock with her dripping wet sex.
She was getting back at him for the teases, as this was clearly making him want more. He could feel the heat emanating from her hot, wet sex and grew harder and harder as the head of his cock rubbed her soft opening. His hips lifted to try and push himself inside, but Erin had expected it and lifted herself at the same time to deny him access.  
"I guess I deserved that" he said shamefully. Erin nodded her head with an obvious YES in her eyes. She watched the pained expression on his face that he had watched on hers the whole time. He was wanting inside of her but felt the need to continue to let Erin stay in control now. He had his turn to toy, and now he was paying the price.
Erin reached behind her back while she bobbed back and forth over his cock. She reached down and rubbed his balls with her fingertips, massaging them while keeping her eyes locked with his. His eyebrows narrowed as his face scrunched up and he moaned. Erin suddenly gave in and she felt his shaft sliding into her, filling her. She brought herself halfway on to him before bobbing back up. He felt so thick she didn't want to rush and hurt herself. Each time she moved down on him, she moved a little more, seeing how much she could take. To her surprise, it wasn't long before he was all the way inside her, spreading her like she had never felt before.
Erin's head went back as she rode the man who'd tortured her, but all was forgiven on both ends now as she rode him nice and steady. She was building quickly after all the teasing, and judging by his cock thickening, she knew he was getting there too. Her eyes locked with his and lust was written over each other's face. Her hips moved up and down in a circle motion. She watched him close, reading the expression on his face to see how close he was to cumming.
He started to bite his lower lip and she gave him a look to ask if he was about to cum. He nodded his head and began to breath heavy. The man expected her to get off at the last minute and let him cum over himself, and as he was about to explode, he nearly shouted that she should get off. Erin's finger went to his lip to silence him and she rode him harder and faster. Her eyes closed, wishing she had the blindfold on again to see if her senses really were enhanced.
He let out a big moan as his cocked swelled in width inside of her. Erin's pussy tightened as her orgasm neared and she felt the wave of hot cum fill her insides. She spasmed a moment and her orgasm came a second time. She stayed on top of him, panting heavily and letting the feeling die down slowly. His cock throbbed still and Erin slowly opened her eyes.
She rolled off of him and rested for a few moments, then got up and began to put her clothes on. He didn't protest, he just laid there as he watched the beautiful woman pull herself together and slip her shoes on at the end. Erin bent over to meet the man still laying on the ground and said, "Thank you, I needed that." She kissed him softly, and without bothering to ask his name, she let herself out and walked home.
All her senses were alert the whole walk home, the sound of the crickets, the smell of the sweet air, and the last thing going through her mind was her psychology paper. She smiled from ear to ear, knowing exactly what she was going to write. She pulled out her cell phone and sent Ashley a text message, "I think I will sleep well tonight. Thanks for your support."
Upon entering her apartment, she undressed herself and flopped into her bed. She wondered on one hand what it would be like to love a man like the one she just met, everything he did seemed so gentile, so perfect, even when he was teasing. Yet on the other hand, not knowing his name, his personality, his character flaws made her realize that she just met someone she could never find fault with.
Everyone has flaws, some more apparent than others. But this man will always remain perfect in Erin's eyes, and so will that experience.