Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues 
(Texts from Last Night) 

Rating: T
Cue: "… beach blanket between you.…"
Warning: SOLDIERS on a beach…
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 fandom. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Sephiroth, Angeal and Genesis
POV: Angeal

BEACH BLANKET 

Angeal had been comfortably dozing on the beach chair that he had claimed earlier in the day. He was quite relaxed and had dozed half way through the book that he had been enjoying.

It had been a remarkably quiet day. He stretched loudly and reached for his drink. He looked at his watch and realized that it was nearly dinner time.

He looked over at the two empty chairs beside him. The only evidence of who once occupied the chairs was a face down book of LOVELESS and what looked like the shirt that Sephiroth had been wearing earlier.

~they never lasted long anyway~

He wondered how long they were gone and knew that it could not be a good thing. He looked for signs of destruction but found none and no one looked traumatized around him.

He stood up and stretched again, wondering where they could have gone when he spotted them. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath as they approached. Both men were walking close together and a few people pointed and were laughing at them. They ignored the looks as they trudged forward.

Angeal covered his face and groaned as he realized why they were standing so close together.

~why can't they behave~

He observed as they shuffled forward, holding the bright red beach blanket that Genesis had brought, that was wrapped around both of their waists. It was obvious that there was nothing on underneath.

"I really don't want to ask," Angeal said as he looked at the two.

Genesis looked angry. "Then don't," he snapped and tugged on the blanket.

Sephiroth tugged back. "Let's just get inside before those fans take another picture of my ass."

Genesis glared back at Sephiroth, "Yeah, well, be grateful they didn't take a picture of your …"

"Okay!" Angeal stopped his two friends. "Where are your clothes?" He knew that he was going to regret the answer.

Genesis looked down at his feet and looked a little embarrassed but Sephiroth had no shame. "We had sex in the ocean and the tide took our clothes."

Angeal let his shoulders sink as they began to struggle over the blanket. "I lost my favourite shirt because of your fetish!" Genesis yelled.

Sephiroth grunted and tore the blanket from around Genesis. Angeal covered his eyes as Genesis was now very naked and in view of everyone on the beach. Sephiroth wrapped the blanket expertly around his waist and grabbed his long discarded shirt. "Here, wear this!" Sephiroth threw the shirt at the naked redhead and stormed off.

Genesis wrapped the shirt around his waist and tied to hide himself, even though it left very little to the imagination.

"Will you go get some clothes," Angeal pleaded as he watched Genesis sit in his chair to retrieve his book. He could see the shocked looks and a few cameras out at the show that was just put on.

"I will as soon as the pompous ass leaves our room," Genesis said as he laid down on his chair, just wearing the shirt which barely covered his groin, and opened up LOVELESS to where he had left off.

Angeal decided that he was going to ask for a separate vacation next year.

"We had sex in the ocean but the tide took our clothes away too. Its no fun walking back to the dorm wearing only a beach blanket between you." Full Inspirational text.

Contest entry for :iconSoldier-fan: so I Beta'd this all on my own... I hope I didn't screw anything up with silly typos...ah.