Total Trust
by JAX
Copyright© 2003 by JAX
There's not many people in the world that you can have total trust in; you know, you would trust them with your life, sanity or freedom, but my twin sister and I have it. We didn't grow up particulary close, but she was always there if I needed her and vice versa. I saved her from being bullied a couple of times and that cost me a caning, but that's what being a brother's all about. It wasn't until puberty arrived for us both that we understood what being twins was all about; we suddenly realised how close we really were. I can still remember that day when we sat on the patio, alone in the house, mum and dad out at work, while we were home from school for the summer.
It was a hot day and I had emerged with two tall glasses.
"Thanks twin," Jackie said, we had been calling each other twin, well forever.
I sat down and studied my twin's body dressed as she were in her small bikini, something I hadn't done before. She was quiet tall for a girl, about five eight or nine, with great long legs and a good size bust.
"So what do you think then?" she said after I had given her a good going over.
"Not bad twin," I said.
"Better than that," she chuckled, "you should see the looks I get these days; and by the way, you're not bad yourself."
"Thanks," I said, I knew some girls were looking at me too. I was just over six foot with a trim body, made fit by all the sports I do.
"You've done it yet?" she asked totally unabashed, sipping her cool drink.
"Yeah, you?" I replied.
"No, not yet," she said, "Never found anybody I wanted to do it with, if I get twitchy I use my hair brush handle. So who have you done it with then?"
For a few moments the vision of her using her hairbrush on herself came into my mind.
"Well my first was Jody, you know the busty blonde girl," I said.
"Yeah I know her," she said.
"Yeah, after her was Alice, the mousy dark girl," I said.
"Alice, you never?" she said, "she's terrible."
"Look twin, it's a man thing, ok," I said, "she let me so I did."
"Yeah right," she chuckled, "so who else?"
"Ok, after Alice, let me see, oh yes there was Terri," I said.
"Terri, is she the redhead?" she asked.
"Yeah," I confirmed.
"Well she's ok, nice body," she said.
"Yeah, I remember," I smiled at the memory.
"Anybody else?" she asked.
"Yeah after Terri, there was Zoe and then Bridget," I said.
"That's it?" she said.
"Yeah about," I said.
After that, we sat there in silence for several minutes, sipping our drinks.
"I was thinking the other night while in my bed," she said, "you and I shared mum's womb for nine months, no one can be closer than that."
I sat and thought about what she had said for many minutes.
"Yeah, so what?" I said.
"Well so you and I must be closer than we are," she said, "I was remembering that time when you thumped that girl who was bothering me."
"Yeah, and I got caned for my troubles," I said.
"Yeah but you still protected me, despite that," she smiled looking over towards me. I just shrugged my shoulders, not knowing what she was getting at.
"Look twin," she said being serious, "we must be there for each other, I'll do anything for you and you likewise. That way we have a chance to get on in this world and have some fun along the way too."
"Sorry," I said a bit puzzled, "what do you mean?"
"Well it's simple, ok," she smiled, "from now on we're a pair, us against the world so to speak. I help you out and you help me, just like you did with that bully girl."
"Ok," I said, I can still remember the headmaster anger as he caned me over that incident.
"Ok, let's set out some boundaries," she mused, "is there anything we can't or won't do for each other? Ok, would I kill for you, yes if required for our own safety, what about you?"
"Yeah, I suppose," I gulped.
"Will you look at your face," she giggled, "look we're not going out this afternoon and kill some old granny, ok, but if your life was in danger I would kill anybody."
"Yeah I see," I said.
"We let's agree on some rules," she said, "like no lie or secrets between us, ok."
"Yeah," I agreed, that was easier, I thought.
"Good," she said, "ok twin from now on we are the daring duo. Right, no lie or secrets, right?" she said after a pause, "so tell me twin, who do you fancy at the moment?" she giggled.
I thought about it, there was a long list of fancyible girls at school, but the one I was looking out for at the moment was Linda.
"Linda Goodall," I said with no thought to lie.
"Yeah," she chuckled, "what's it with you guys and big tits? Come on no secrets."
I thought about it for some minutes trying to rationalise my feelings.
"To be honest twin," I said, "I don't really know, but as a guess I'll have to go with, as us men don't have breasts, what we want in girls is more of what we don't have. Or perhaps having breasts is a female thing so any girl with big ones must be more feminine"
She sat and mulled over what I had said.
"Yeah that just about holds up" she smiled at me, "but that's not why girls like big cocks."
"Do girls talk about cock size then?" I asked.
"What, do they ever," she chuckled, "every guys equipment is catalogued and his performance graded."
"So how do I stand up?" I said, then we both laughed at my pun.
"Not bad twin," she chuckled, "lets go inside now shall we."
"Yeah, ok," I agreed. I watched a she got up and walked by me and the vision of her using her hairbrush went through my mind again. "Tell me twin, in this new partnership of no lie and secrets."
"Yes," she said, and sat down on the lounge floor.
"Tell me about your hairbrush?" I said.
"Well I just use its handle actually," she giggled, "you like the idea of me doing that, do you?"
"Yeah," I said and surprisingly, I felt no embarrassment.
"Would you like to watch me?" she asked, with a smile.
"Yeah, sure," I said trying to appear calm, but my heart was pounding in my chest.
"Ok, follow me," she said and she headed for the stairs.
I followed her into her bedroom and I shut her door behind us. Out of her bedside cupboard came her hairbrush.
"This is my secret lover," she grinned at me, as I watched she reached behind and unclipped her top to expose her nice tits for me.
"Not as big as Linda's," she smiled at me.
"N-no," I croaked. Then she slipped out of her knickers and she was naked in front of me.
"There you go, not too bad," she said, "come sit on the bed and watch me."
As if in a daze I sat down mere inches from her beautiful body.
"I usually have to suck it first to get it wet," she said, "but today I don't need to, I'm wet already."
As I watched, she lay down and opened her legs wide, the brush handle slipped easily into her wet pussy.
"Mmm, that's nice," she cooed, her spare hand moved up to squeeze her boobs.
"Can you help me?" she sighed, "squeeze my tits please."
"Sure twin," I said, reaching out to took one in my hand; oh boy did it feel nice and firm.
"Yes, that nice," she said, "squeeze harder, hurt me."
So I did, before too long she was squirming on the bed, her hand plunging the brush handle in and out of her gushing pussy.
"Oh yes, yes," she cried, and she became stiff and came. "Oh boy, that was good."
Sure was, I thought, trouble was I had a stiffy you wouldn't believe.
"Looks like you enjoyed that too," she chuckled pointing at my hard one.
"Yeah," I agreed.
"Do you want me to do something about it?" she giggled.
"Love to, but we can't, can we?" I said with regret.
"Look twin," she sat up, my eyes followed her tits as they moved. "We can do anything we want, ok."
"But twin," I started to say.
"No Twin, no buts, ok," she smiled and reached out and touched my arm. "If we want, you can fuck me, or I'll blow you, or perhaps you can return the favour and wank off for me."
"Fuck you?" I gasped.
"Yes of course," she smiled, "if you want?"
"I don't know twin," I said, "I thought you said you were a virgin."
"Well I am," she smiled, "but as I said, we'll do anything for each other, and that includes surrendering my virginity to you."
I sat back in amazement, and to my surprise my boner subsided.
"This needs some thinking about twin," I said.
"Yeah of course, take all the time you need." She smiled.

I lay down on my bed and thought about what we had discussed. It wasn't that didn't want to fuck my twin sister, for she was a babe, with a killer body, it was just so unexpected. We had made a pact to look after one another in all things, and that also appeared to include sex. While I lay there thinking about it, she knocked and came in and sat on the edge of my bed.
"Sorry about that," she said, "it was probably too much to take in at one go."
"Yeah, something like that," I said, "it's not that I don't want to fuck you, you are a dream, but it was so unexpected." I looked up and thankfully she had put her bikini back on.
"Look twin," she said, "mum will be in soon, let's sleep on it, ok."
"Yeah thanks twin," I said.

Just as soon as Mum had closed the front door, she was in my room.
"How are we today twin?" she asked.
"Fine," I replied, "so we are going to do this thing right."
"Yep," she agreed, "you and me against the world, anything you want that I can supply, just ask, ok."
"Yeah, right twin," I agreed, "and anything you want too."
"Good," she said, "I was thinking about Linda big tits," she giggled.
"Yeah," I said, wondering what she had in mind.
"Well between us," she smiled, "it should be a simple thing to get into her knickers."
"Great," I said, "but what about you."
"This isn't a tit for tat thing twin," she said, "there's no points to add up, anyway who said I wouldn't fancy having her lick me out."
"Ok, so how do we go about it then?" I asked, but in my mind I could see the two girls together.
"I see you liked that idea of big tits Linda between my legs," she giggled, pointing at my hardening cock.
"Yeah," I agreed, being truthful.
"Ok, operation Linda big tits," she giggled, "first up, I make friends with her, then I invite her for a sleep over."
"Yeah then what?" I asked.
"Well we wing it, perhaps we get her drunk," she said, "anyway plenty of time to plan her downfall. Do you want me to do something about that?" she said pointing at my hardon.
"Yeah," I grinned at her, "what have you got in mind?"
"Your choice twin," she said, "anything you want."
"Ok lets both get naked," I suggested.
"Right," she said, within seconds we were both naked. "Look like the girls' database was right about you," she said, "good and big."
She came into my arms and her skin felt like warm silk. Her tits firm and her legs opened to my touch.
"Mmm, that's nice twin," she cooed. My fingers slipped into her wet pussy and she humped her hips back at me and came almost immediately. "Oh my God," she sighed, "that was great twin. Now do you want to fuck me?"
"Yeah," I said and she pulled me between her wide spread legs. I slipped into her slick pussy without any problems, her hairbrush having cleared the way for me.
"Oh yes twin," she cooed, "hurt me, fuck me hard."
"Yeah you slut," I shouted and slammed into her.
"Yes, harder," she shouted back, her hips pounding back at me. She came then and I pumped a big load into her limp and drained body. I rolled off and laid down beside her.
"Oh boy twin," she sighed.
"Yeah right," I said.
"I'll have to update the database from fair to bloody great," she giggled.
"Thanks twin," I said, "for a virgin you were bloody great yourself."
"You can thank my hairbrush for that," she giggled.
We lay there cooling down slowly, I reached out and took her hand.
"Right twin, next prize is big tits Linda," I said.
"Yeah, right," she said, "but not before we've consolidated our partnership a few more times."
"Yeah," I said with a huge smile on my face.
Before our Mum returned from work we had consolidated three more times. It was the start of our new life together.

"So what about Linda?" I asked next day.
"Ok first up, I ring her and invite her over," she said, "well as soon as I've given you a blow job that is," she giggled. My hard cock disappeared into her hot mouth.
"Oh twin, that's great," I sighed. It wasn't long before I was pumping a big load down her throat.
"How was that twin?" she asked, wiping her lips with the back of her hand, "I've never done that before."
"You wouldn't know it from my end twin," I smiled at her.
"Thanks twin," she said, "it's nice to know, right let me ring big tits Linda."
"So, what did she say?" I asked when she hung up the phone.
"Can't make today," she said, "but she happy to come over tomorrow."
"Oh, ok," I said, "so what are we going to do today then?"
"Don't be fucking thick twin," she giggled, "we're going to fuck each other's brains out, right."
"Right," I said.

"Thanks for inviting me over," said a shy looking Linda, she looked good in her white shorts and cropped T-shirt.
"Great to have you," I said with a big smile, "here's twin," I said.
"Hi Linda," Jackie said, I could see Linda looking at twin's body, dressed as she was in a little bikini.
"Do you always call each other twin?" Linda asked.
"Yeah always," Jackie replied, "sorry."
"No that's alright, it's just a little strange," Linda said.
"Come outside," Jackie said, "there's a sun trap in the corner, twin can you get us some drink," she directed at me.
"Sure," I said. I made up a pitcher of white Rum and Coke, stripped down to my shorts and joined the two girls on the patio.
As the level of the pitcher went down and both girl became more giggly.
"Be a love and make up some more drinks," asked Jackie.
"Sure," I said and got up and headed for the kitchen.
"Oh and get my sun screen too, please," she called out. While I was making a new pitcher the two girls walked past me.
"Going to find Linda a swim suit to wear," giggled Jackie.
After fifteen minutes they both reappeared on the patio, Linda looked a little uneasy.
"What do you think twin?" asked Jackie.
"Bloody gorgeous," I said and meant it, Twin's spare bikini was a little small for Linda, making her tits bulge out delightfully.
"Right, there you are," she said to Linda, "now where's that sun screen. Ok Linda roll over and I'll do you back." While Twin applied the sunscreen to Linda's back, she looked over at me and winked. With nimble fingers she unclipped Linda's bra strap.
"There you go, you can do me now," Jackie said getting up. As Linda started to rise her bra fell away giving me a good view of her tits, very nice they were too.
"Opps," Linda giggled, and re-did her strap up.
Twin removed her bra completely and lay down on her front and waited for Linda to apply the cream.
"Mmm, that's nice," Jackie cooed, "you've got nice hands."
"Thanks," Linda said and then realised for the first time that twin had removed her bra.
"Oh," Linda said, "you've taken your top off, what about him?"
"What about twin?" Jackie asked, half-rising onto her arms.
"Don't you mind him being here, you know seeing you?" Linda asked.
"No, why?" Jackie asked.
"But he's your brother," Linda said.
"Look Linda," Jackie said, "there's nothing wrong about sun bathing topless, even with twin here, ok."
"Oh, ok, if you say so," Linda said.
"Come on you two I made some fresh drinks," I called out and topped up their tall glasses.

Now the second pitcher was empty, we had made sure that Linda drank most of it too.
"Time for more sun cream, I think," call Jackie, "will you do the honours twin."
"Sure," I said moving over and knelt beside the body of my sister.
"That ok?" I asked.
"Mmm, lovely," Jackie cooed, "do Linda too."
"Right," I said and turned to get at her; her skin felt hot, but smooth and silky. Like twin had before, I unclipped her bra strap. She didn't comment as my hands moved over her body.
"Time to do my front now," said Jackie and she turned over to expose her front to our eyes. "What about you Linda? You don't want to burn."
"Yeah good idea," Linda replied but she used her hand to hold her bra in place.
"Don't be wet Linda," Jackie chuckled, "get your tits out, twin and I don't mind."
"Well I don't know," Linda started to say when Twin leaned over and grabbed her bra and pulled it off.
"There that better, isn't it?" Jackie inquired.
"Well I don't know," said Linda, still covering her tits with her arm.
"Twin go and get some fresh drinks please," Jackie asked.
"Sure," I said and departed, I could hear twin telling Linda that now I was gone she could uncover. When I returned I could see Linda tits and very nice they were too. Much larger than Twin's and consequently less firm, but very nice.
"What do you think twin?" Jackie asked me.
"I think I'm a very lucky guy to have such two beautiful girls sitting next to me," I said in all honestly. "Now let me top up your drinks."

It was now lunchtime and by now Linda was quiet drunk.
"Let's go inside," Jackie said, "before we all burn." Linda was a little unsteady on her feet so I helped her inside.
"What do you think twin?" smiled Jackie, "hasn't Linda got nice tits, much nicer than mine." Twin looked up a winked at me.
"Yeah, nice and big, twin," I said.
"Firm too I'll expect," Jackie chuckled, "why don't you feel and find out."
"Yeah right," I smiled, Linda was not reacting to our banter she just laid there on the sofa. I cuddled up beside her and cupped each tit in turn.
"Very nice twin," I confirmed.
"Like that do you Linda?" smiled Jackie.
"Mmm, very nice," sighed a drunken Linda. Pushing home our advantage, twin knelt at her feet and pulled her bikini bottoms off.
"Open up for me," asked Jackie, and her fingers found her wet pussy.
"Oh my, you are so wet," Jackie sighed. I kissed her, her mouth slack from the drink, all the time I mauled her big tits. Twin's ministrations between her legs were having their effect and soon her hips were moving in jerks; between us we brought her to a big orgasm.
"Right, time to fuck the slut," smiled Jackie. I manoeuvred between her legs and pushed into her.
"Right, fuck her hard twin," encouraged Jackie, her own hands squeezing Linda tits. Linda's body under me was pushing hard back at each of my thrusts and before too long she came for the second time. I pumped a big load inside of her twitching body.

The three of us lay there for some time recovering from our exertions.
"I think we should invite Linda to sleep over, what do you think twin?" Jackie asked.
"Yeah, don't want her going home drunk," I chuckled, "and I would like to fuck her again."
"Wake up Linda," Jackie shook her, "let's all go upstairs and have a nice sleep." Between us we got her into twin's bed and I left them cuddling up, naked together.

It wasn't for a couple of hours before I heard twin bang on the floor for me.
"Yes?" I asked as I entered twin's room.
"We're awake now and Linda wants some more cock," giggled Jackie.
"No don't say that," giggled a still drunk Linda.
"My pleasure girls," I smiled and joined the two of them on the narrow bed. Linda made a grab for me and pulled me down on top of her, her legs opened and I slipped in.
"Oh my, the slut's eager," commented Jackie. I thrust between her legs, Linda's hips banging back at me, I had to hang in waiting for her to come, and when she did I could let go and spurt into her.
"My turn," called Jackie, "come on Linda lick me out." between us we moved Linda's body so she was between twin's thighs.
"Yes, lick me just there," called Jackie holding Linda's head. "Oh she is such a nice slut." the sight had made me hard again and Linda's bottom was just before me, it was just too tempting. I slipped back into her pussy and together all three of us moved to a joint orgasm.

I didn't wake until late, mum and dad had already left for work, when twin knocked on my door.
"Slut wants to go home, come in and say goodbye," she said.
"Right," I said getting up and padding into twin's room. Linda was still naked, but she held the bed sheet up to her neck.
"Morning Linda," I said, "you off soon." She nodded.
"I better get off home," she said.
"Did you have a nice time with us?" I asked. She looked between us and again just nodded.
"Well we enjoyed having you," I chuckled, "come again anytime."
"Stop it twin," said Jackie sharply, "you're embarrassing Linda, now do you want a quickie before you go," she said to Linda. She looked up at me with big eyes and nodded.
"Good," said Jackie, "now just lay back and enjoy, twin get over here and do your business," she said to me; she pulled the bed sheet off Linda's body.
"Open up for him Linda," she instructed. I moved between her plump thighs and slipped smoothly into her wet pussy. I slowly humped her for several minutes until I detected her orgasm approaching, then I quickened my pace and watched as her orgasm over take her. I was now free to pump my sperm into her.

"So how was it?" Jackie asked me after we had said goodbye to Linda.
"Not bad," I confessed, "nice body on her, nice and fleshy."
"Yeah she wasn't bad," she agreed, "we must invite her over again soon."
"Yeah," I agreed.
"So how's our partnership working out so far?" she asked.
"Really great twin," I enthused, "it's magic to have you with me in all things."
"Yeah, that's how I think too," she confessed.
"Good, so it onward and upward then," I said.
"Yeah twin," she said, "if you're up to it, how about a quickie of our own."
"Yeah, I thought you've had enough," I said.
"In your dreams twin," she chuckled, "I'm going to drain your balls dry."
"Good," I smiled.
"Do you think we should have taken some pictures of big tits Linda," she asked as we walked upstairs to her room.
"Sounds like a good idea twin," I said, "I look into buying one of those Digital ones, no processing then."
"Right, good call," mused twin, "right now I want some of your hard cock."
"Sure twin," I said, "it will be my pleasure."
"Will you shut up and fuck me," she said, and pulled me down on top of her.
