Tai'itsukun had provided, for their return, a large carriage and a cadre of armed guards but it didn't make their journey through the woods any less perilous. The winter had caused pits and pocks in the road that slowed their progress enough to allow bandits, who lived in the wood year round, to attack their party in the hope of ransom and riches.
Fuji Syuusuke stared out of the window of their small low carriage and wondered again just how long it would take to get back to the Fujimiya estates and if it might cure the terrible languor that had settled over him. He hoped that a long bath, a good meal and the arms of his buchou would make him feel more at ease.
Across from him, with his servant Naoe, draped over his knee asleep, was Aya no Bara, and now, since their time in the House of Sleep, he could see the promised beauty in the boy through the scowling and sulking. He had taken on a serene coldness, like the still beauty of a pond, and occasionally he would lick his pale pink lips with the tip of a pink tongue, or blink dark red lashes against marble pale skin. He no longer looked real, but more like the kind of beautiful work of art that was sometimes revealed in the emperor's presence. He kept his own counsel and only made those movements he needed to, such as licking his lips or blinking, but his fingers were twisted in the soft brown hair of Naoe.
Naoe was swaddled in a white wolf fur that had been draped around Aya's shoulders. Only the Fujimiya were allowed to wear white wolf, and Aya had taken one from the House of Sleep.
To Aya's left, sat between the hard wood and his owner, sat the servant boy, Ken. Of them all only he had not changed in their time, but he alone had not visited the House of Sleep. He was sat trying to look dignified but in his hands was a puzzle box that Tai'itsukun had given him to occupy his time whilst they travelled. For reasons she kept to herself Tai'itsukun was very fond of Ken and abused her position as head of the Taira household in small ways to give him sweets and toys and reach forward and squeeze his cheeks.
He was the only person she treated like that, even amongst her own family.
Sano Izumi had not wanted Aya to go, in fact he had pleaded with Tai'itsukun that they stay another month, another week, another day, but Aya had been determined. Fuji watched the boy follow Aya around like the puppy he had left behind, even as his parents talked openly about arranging another marriage for him.
The night before they had left he had found Aya standing on the fourth floor balcony and had not known that Fuji had been there, sat behind the door sketching Aya's strangely stiff new posture, and the way his neck was limned against the moonlight like it had been gilded in silver, it rose out of the black kimono like a swan and his stern expression was beautiful. He was beautiful in the way that obake were beautiful, or the players in Noh, but he didn't look real.
This did not matter to Sano. He had stepped up behind Aya in the night, throwing open the door with the passion of youth and thwarted love, even if he could not recognise it as such. Aya to his credit, ignored him. Sano swept up beside him with all the exuberance of being a youth, if being sixteen and being a spoiled and lovely prince to whom people deferred, perhaps even Aya had, but now Aya was made of ice and stone.
"You can't go," Sano said, petulant, his head down and his fists balled at his sides, "you belong here, we're almost family."
Aya didn't move or make a sound to answer him.
"You can't go back to him, we could protect you."
Aya turned to look at him then, his hair slicked back to show a vee of perfect skin in the rich navy colour of his shirt. His expression was perfectly still. "I'm going back." He said and then turned his attention back to the gardens around Gifu.
"Even here we hear tales of what he makes you do, you're a prince of the realm you're descended from gods, and he has you dress like a woman and entertain the very people who betrayed you."
Aya didn't turn back to answer him. "He can't make me do anything."
"He won't let you leave the house, he keeps you closetted away like some trinket, polished and brought out to show to his imperial friends, he has no title, no fealty, he married into the Fuji house for reasons no one knows and is seen with his wife, but keeps you for whatever reasons."
"Hn," Aya said showing he was at least listening.
"He's an imperial dog, and he uses you like a scrap thrown from his master's table." Sano's brilliant eyes flashed like that in the warm lamplight.
"And how would you use me?"
"I would treasure and cherish you."
"I'm not a trinket to be passed from owner to owner." Aya said calmly, "I am a Fujimiya, and I have my father's strength as well as his sword. I know now what it means to be such, and I have no care to be wrapped in swaddling wool and locked away in some dark room waiting for you to decide upon my use." Sano made a protesting noise, "but it's all moot." Aya continued, "whether you approve or not I am indentured to Crawford, and he is, like all dogs, jealous of his possessions. If he knew of this conversation he would execute you without compunction for coveting what does not belong to you, even though I have made my position with you clear."
"You weren't always this hard, Ran." Sano said.
"Aya," he corrected. "No, but then I was only a child."

The carriage rolled to a stop bringing Fuji from his thoughts. Aya's hand curled into a claw in Naoe's hair and the boy's huge blue eyes opened. "Bandits?" Ken asked.
"Probably." Aya answered. He rolled his eyes and settled Naoe against the edge of the carriage, "I suppose we should help."
"But," Fuji protested.
"I am a Fujimiya." Aya said bluntly, "these are Fujimiya lands, and there are many of us and who knows how many of them. It is easier to be protected in the thick of the fighting than having them protect a carriage." Naoe offered a slipping slow smile and from his boot he pulled a sharp little knife. "I am not defenceless, Fuji-sama, and neither are you, so why rely on others to fight for us when we are more skilled than they are?"
Fuji didn't have an answer for that, so he drew his sword.

Crawford had not expected that Aya would be delivered to him by Farfarello and that the entire party, including one bandit that Farfarello had saved for later, would be covered in blood. There was a dark smear of it along the line of his jaw, rubbed in where he had tried to wipe it away. There was a splash of it across his grey hakama like a wound or a spray of flowers. Baba had stood up, looked at Naoe who had the same strange stillness as Aya and frowned. "Bath," she snapped, "the lot of you. I will make sure the water is run, you can sit there whilst I get some tea into you and you will tell me exactly what happened."
Aya sat in a motion that was perfectly fluid, if Crawford had not suspected that the boy had changed then that simple, fluid, manoeuvre would have confirmed it. Ken fussed about him, wrapping a stark white fur about his shoulders, and then frowning that he could not do the same for Fuji-sama.
"Has my Buchou returned?" Fuji asked a little forlornly.
"Not yet," Baba said as she fetched a cloth from the drawers at the side of the room, she also lifted a pot of unguent in case any of them had any scratches or wounds, although they did not appear to. "And, Crawford," she looked at where he stood at the door to the lamp hallway, "am I supposed to keep the bandit that the elf seems to have saved for a midnight snack? Or do you have other plans for him?"
"I trust that the house has some kind of prison." Crawford said, glad that his tone did not bely his confusion.
"Yes," Aya said, "he can be brought there, through the Burial room, through the left door, there is a lock." Baba opened another drawer at this words to bring out the key, "then there is a walkway, at the end of the walkway there are cells, you may keep him there." His tone was cold and icy,and his voice too seemed to have changed, it was now deeper and richer than Crawford remembered.
One of the guards got up and left to attend to it, taking the key from Baba. It was a bronze key with a red tassel, so Crawford assumed that perhaps there were more keys and more hidden doors around the place. He suspected that this new Aya would only reveal them as they were needed.
Baba opened the unguent, which smelled thickly and herby, and passed it to Farfarello, "I imagine of it all you need this," then using a scoop of the jelly she wiped at the smear on Aya's face. He didn't move at all but Naoe held out his hands to show the blood on them. Baba frowned as Farfarello smeared it on thickly and quickly cleaned Naoe's hands. "You are looking stronger," she frowned, "and what did that cost you?"
Naoe offered her a shark's smile but said nothing.

Baba would not listen to Fuji's protests and bundled him into the bath with the rest of them, all but Farfarello whom Rukia had sent for a cold water bucket in the yard. She frowned and closed the door as Naoe was first to climb into the water. He looked lithe and more dangerous naked but before the House of Sleep he looked somewhat like a nymph, something to be cherished and petted, now that same sylph beauty looked dangerous.
Aya looked icy, but Ken on the other hand just slipped into the water and lifted the soap and with a smile said, "all right, who's first?" as he looked between them.

"Do you know," Farfarello said lying back on his futon as Kudou poured sake into a bowl for him, "young Ken-ken is a virgin." He lifted the bowl and emptied it in a single swallow. "Fuji-sama told me, apparently Aya asked him to keep Fuji company, and he offered him his virginity if he was interested. Of course, you know Fuji is so married," he smirked, his colourless lips showing all the cracks and scars, "he said no, you know that Aya-sama has only one rule for his servants."
"Really?" Schuldig asked, they had been warned off Aya so he assumed that the same was applied to his servants, both of which were, in his opinion, delectable, and virginity of someone like Ken was a prize indeed.
"Oh, yes," Farfarello continued, lifting a slice of the fish from the table and eating it with his fingers, eschewing the chopsticks, "Aya-sama insists only that they are willing, that they are allowed to make an educated decision."
"Well that's something that Naoe has always made." Kudou said with a laugh, "and do you think if Crawford was not so possessive then Aya-sama might be included."
Schuldig laughed, "I have been his secretary for years," he said, "he gets more possessive as he gets older, I would not even look at the Aya-no-Bara, in case he ripped out your throat with his teeth, look at Naoe and Ken-ken, at least there you might survive long enough to brag about it."
"Ken-ken is a little peach." Farfarello agreed, "a fresh unplucked peach and those calves, don't you just want to sink your teeth in them?"
"I bet I could tap it before you." Kudou said with a laugh.
"And I would beat both of you so that when he tumbled into your futon he called out my name." Schuldig laughed in response.
"Want to put your money where your mouth is?" Farfarello asked pouring himself more sake, "a silver dragon that I'll be first."
"I'll meet it." Kudoh said reaching for his pocket, "and you, Schuldig."
"I'll meet it and happily take your money." Farfarello laid his coin down just after Schuldig, "shall we ask Baba to watch the pot?"
The other two just laughed.