What astounded Crawford was that despite his injuries Aya had really never looked so beautiful. Perhaps it was the scowl, perhaps it was the bruise that was almost the exact shape of Fuji's geta that brought the side of his face to a bright pink, that was the colour of his lips. Perhaps it was the way his lips were swollen from the blows, or even the broken fingers in the arm strapped to his chest.
He and Fuji now sat on either side of the mirror in the rope hallway in punishment and Crawford stood with the ropes dangling behind him, to prevent flies infesting the house, trying to decide what he wanted to say to both of them.
To his credit Fuji was as battered as Aya. There was a piece of cloth that Baba had tied about his head to catch the blood from a cut on his forehead, one of his eyes was forced closed from the swelling on his cheekbone, his arm was broken, and unlike Aya who sat primly on his shins. Fuji's leg was out in front of him with ice from the lake applied upon his knee.
They didn't look at each other, although Baba had redressed them, their clothes ruined in the fight and the way that she had separated them by throwing buckets of icy water over them. No one else had been able to get involved. Yohji had a wrenched shoulder from getting between them. Schuldig had fetched Crawford who could no more separate them than Naoe, who had been flung aside to bang his head.
When pressed neither of them, both talking with cotton jaws, was able to say where it had come from but Crawford had his suspicions. After all Buchou Tezuka had been gone for a long time and Fuji was always more irritable without him. Crawford's only theory was that Fuji had started the fight, which had gone on long enough for Schuldig to go to town, to find Crawford, and to return with him for Crawford to try and fail to seperate them and Baba to get two buckets of icy cold water to throw over them. So Fuji, Crawford guessed, had picked the fight and Aya had held his own.
That on it's own was worthy of note. No one held their own with Fuji. People always thought of Tezuka as the most dangerous of them with a sword, but Tezuka admitted that it was Fuji who was to be feared. Although he was now a calligrapher he too had held a position in the Empress' personal guard and only the very best were given those. But Aya, a boy of seventeen had held his own in a scrap with him. It had lasted without serious damage for it's duration. Aya's broken fingers were those that Crawford had broken before in temper and Fuji had always favoured that knee.
"When Baba suggested this punishment to me I was going to refuse," Crawford began crossing his arms across his chest. "then I decided if you were going to behave like children you can be punished like children. You will both sit here until after supper, which you will not have, and then I will consider listening to any excuses you choose to offer."
Under his breath Aya muttered something about how it was all his fault and Crawford wanted to snigger, but could not and punish them. He would have to, later, attend to his concubine and see just how damaged he was now. The bruises would be spectacular against his white skin. Of course he had no intention of punishing either of them worse than this.
Baba had tended their bruises and their injuries and they were swelling even as he watched. Crawford licked his lips, he had not spent any quality time with Aya since before he had gone to the Taira house for him. Aya looked positively edible to him.
He had spent time with his wife, before her departure to Kyoto, and with his twins, but he had ignored Aya, because Aya had returned so cold. It had seemed to suit them both, Aya did what he was asked without comment and Crawford used him for minor things about the house and basic correspondence, in fact he had taken a rather large weight off Crawford's shoulders even with such light duties because he knew he could trust him.
He hadn't touched him in nearly two months. He intended, of course, to check his injuries, because after all he was his property and things could be overlooked but he hadn't until that moment been going to touch him.
Fuji looked up, "is there anything else, Niichan?" he asked him bluntly, "for Baba has said how long we must sit here, and I would rather get on with things that I might have a bath."
"You're hard to get on with in this mood," Crawford corrected him. "I will speak to you in the morning, and I will ask Baba to think of another punishment for the two of you. I could have you both flogged for what you did, vassals fighting each other under the eye of their lord." He made sure to thin his lips but he was more amused by their consistent bad temper rather than their defiance. "I could have you both executed, even you, Syuusuke, a prince of the house of Fuji." He narrowed his eyes, "you are blessed that we are so far out of Kyoto that I can be so lenient." He cast his eyes over the both of them, "Aya, can you walk?" Aya nodded but his frown deepened. "You can attend me this evening, now the sky darkens, Syuusuke, you can go to Baba to see if she will let you bathe, or sit in the dirt until morning."
Aya stood up, steadying himself on the wall, as much from his legs being numb from sitting on them and tried to bow his head but wobbled, falling against Crawford. Crawford looped his arm about his waist and led him through the main hall to the back corridor and into the library past the place where he and Fuji had destroyed the orchard with their fighting. There were still bits of cloth here and there on the broken branches, and there were blood spots on the veranda. He slid open the door and pushed Aya inside. "Undress," Crawford barked out the order.
Aya whirled and scowled at him. For a moment his lavender coloured eyes seemed hard and flashing fire, but then he stopped, taking a deep breath and his hands went to the tie of his hakama, undoing it quickly and then letting them pool around his socked feet. His legs were an angry red and there was a few scratches and grazes here and there on his thighs, marks in places that looked like fingernails, and quite a few marks that were going to be spectacular bruises over the next few days.
"I should have you whipped," Crawford said disapprovingly as Aya pulled off his shirt to show even more of the marks, including a rather perfect imprint of fingers on his ribs underneath the thick slime Baba had applied. "Is the rib broken?"
"No, just bruised, I hit a tree." Aya replied, "and I was under the impression that Sena was to be whipped in my place for such idiocies." There was a look of insolence on his pretty face. As Aya matured he became less and less handsome and more pretty, there would be a point where his beauty would be that of a man's, but at the moment it was still a boy's and his prettiness allowed him luxuries he was unaware of.
"You hit a tree? Might I guess," Crawford drawled, "that you decided, half way through the fight, to just raise your arm and bump into it."
"No," Aya answered, "I was thrown, the tree got in the way of my landing."
"Am I to understand," Crawford sat down on the raised platform in the library and rested his back against the wall, with his legs stretched out in front of him. He wore solid grey, with his hakama a shade darker than his shirt, and a dark blue haori over it. He was still dressed in what he had worn to town. "That there will be problems with the cherries next autumn, the trees don't like such sudden strikes." He sounded amused, removing his glasses and rubbing the lenses on the corner of his haori to clean them.
"And the water wheel." Aya replied, "Fuji's leg hit it quite badly, I think it might have broken the paddle. Or the bone, there was a distinct cracking noise."
It was such a perfectly practical answer that Crawford laughed almost despite himself. Ran might have cowered but this new Aya, this Aya that had returned to him from the House of Sleep was not prepared to. For the first time he began to see the potential everyone else had reminded him of. This Aya was an equal, a dangerous young man, where Ran had been a child in love with his own misery. "Are you sure that wasn't your hand?"
"My fingers were still healing, it did not take much to break them again, master." He said the word with a distinctly sarcastic tone, "Baba thinks that more milk in my diet will help them heal." He lifted his hand, "but Fuji's forearm was hard enough that when I struck him my fingers gave, not him."
"Shion would be proud." Crawford said, and then gestured that Aya turn around so he could inspect the marks on his back. "You held your own."
"Barely," Aya admitted, "and only because he didn't expect much of me. I look forward to Buchou Tezuka's return that I might learn with him."
At that Crawford barely held back a snarl. "Where did he touch you?"
"Nowhere I did not touch him." Aya replied and went to lift his hakama. "I am tired, and bruised, if you are merely going to be possessive I shall take my leave, I hoped to bathe in the lake to take some of the ache from my bones."
"I am permitted to be possessive." Crawford corrected him. "After all you belong to me. Set up the go board. We have not played in some time; I would hope you hadn't forgotten such things."
"We have not played since the first time you fucked me." Aya corrected, but nevertheless, and completely naked, went to the cupboard where he retrieved the board and the two bowls of stones. "I am surprised that you wish to play now, master, and not bend me over the board to inspect that there are no finger marks or scratches in those places that you are so determined belong only to you."
"I imagine that in your time away you kept yourself amused with both Naoe and Ken-kun. Or did you amuse yourself with Fuji?"
Aya blinked and nearly dropped the board he carried. "I did not, you were specific in your orders, that none was to touch me, and none did. I have been loyal to our arrangement even if you have not." He stopped for a moment, taking a breath and setting down the board before Crawford, and then, completely naked sat down in front of it. "I have not taken anyone to my bed since the night before I left for the Taira estates. Can you say the same?"
Crawford looked affronted for a moment, at the concept that Aya might think that their relationship should be monogamous on Crawford's side, then slipping his glasses back on he laughed. "I don't have to," he said, "I am your master, but none have shared my bed, nor my bath, I have been too busy, what release I had I took from my own hand."
Aya blushed. It was a charming gesture and a reminder that somewhere inside this new icy exterior was the Ran who had hidden in women's clothes. Obviously lost for words he answered "hn."
Crawford lifted one stone from each pot, then holding them out in closed fists offered for Aya to choose. Aya took the left, and the black stone giving Crawford the first move. He didn't bother with a handicap.

When they played before, Crawford had known that in ten years, maybe, Aya would have been a great go player, he was competent and comfortable around the board but lacked experience. He had made silly mistakes simply because he could not see them coming. Now he took time to ponder each move, shifting where he sat, completely naked, as he contemplated the placement of each stone so carefully that it was Crawford, and not Aya, that noticed he was shivering with cold. Crawford stood up. "If you wanted something to drink," Aya snapped, "you should say so, I am your servant after all."
Crawford just laughed, lifting the brazier by it's ivory handle and brought it closer to where the two of them sat. "You are cold." He said.
"I don't need your charity." Aya hissed at him.
"It isn't charity," Crawford said, shucking off his haori and laying it over his concubine's shoulders. It was warm and slightly gratifying to see the way Aya curled into it and the deep breaths he took. It must, Crawford realised, smell of him. There was a typical response to that, a sort of animal possessive urge, but he damped it down. "You belong to me, to protect, cherish and love, just as Kimi is your pet," he referred to the small chin dog that Aya kept beside him when he worked, "you are mine."
Aya pulled the haori around his shoulders. "Thank you." He said.
"Your clothes are damp so there is no point putting them back on," he said firmly, "if you are still cold, tell me, I shall fetch a futon from the cupboard for you."
Aya narrowed his eyes and for a moment was silent. "It's your turn." he said finally.
Crawford didn't look at the board before he laid the next stone. "You are still shivering." He said and went to the cupboard, pulling out one of the futons and shaking it out before he wrapped it around Aya, taking a deep breath of his hair. He smelled of lineament and ointment, but lingering under it was the soft scent of lilacs in his hair.
"Fuji must be cold." Aya said suddenly, "that hallway is chilly at the best of times."
"I thought you were rowing." Crawford said, tightening his arms about Aya and trying to control his jealousy."
"We were fighting." Aya corrected. "I have not slept well lately, and I have had an itch that I couldn't scratch, a simple spar ended with bad temper taking control and we fought. He missed his Buchou and was as irritable as I for most of the same reasons, it was the only way that we could scratch our mutual itches." He smiled, knowing and enjoying that Crawford was jealous. "I am not angry with him, he did no more to me than I did to him, we fought, that is the end of that." He turned around so that Crawford's cheek was against his, Crawford's knees against his back, "I was going to ask Naoe and Ken to bed down with him tonight, he does not sleep well alone."
Crawford stood up with an angry snort, "shall I send him to bed with his supper as well?"
"If you want," Aya answered calmly turning and running his hand the length of the outside of Crawford's thigh. "This is the closest I've been to you since you sent me away," he said bluntly, "it is a pity I'm so battered that all we can do is play go." Aya's grin turned shark like, "or because I have a friendship that you cannot understand."
Crawford's hand wrapped around Aya's neck under the blanket and gripped it tight. "You belong to me." He repeated, the jealousy thick on his breath.
"And yet I have a friend."
Aya was baiting him, Crawford knew that. The last time Aya had baited him he ended up struck and Aya did it regardless. When he had been baited with Aya he had raped him. He didn't know what Aya wanted. "I shall let him wait out the rest of his punishment around the fire with Baba." Crawford grated out the concession, half worried that he would lose his lover to Fuji, Fuji had an innate cruelty, he would destroy Aya just to get to Crawford for some slight. It didn't matter what one did to Fuji, he did not care, but cross his inner circle and he would destroy you. If he hadn't been part of the Empress' guard he would have been recruited as a negotiator. Fuji would betray his buchou only to destroy another, and Tezuka had been gone for months.
Crawford made his decision. "We will be leaving for Kyoto presently," he said, "I shall ask Fuji to go ahead to prepare the house for our arrival, with Schuldig, and Kudoh."
"That changes the bet." Aya answered coldly, and placed his own stone on the board.
"Bet?" Crawford asked.
"You have been busy," Aya laughed to himself, "Kudoh, Schuldig, and Farfarello have a bet over which of them will get to take Ken's virginity, I believe the pot is three gold dragons. Of course I'm not supposed to know about it, but Naoe has ears in the strangest places." He continued to smile, happily in control of this conversation. Naoe had always been loyal to Crawford before.
"Then I shall send all three." Crawford answered, "I wouldn't want to deprive you of your amusement."
"Believe me," Aya said, "you never do. Send the twins as well, and ask Fuji to prepare those things for me that I asked, he'll know what I mean."
Crawford narrowed his eyes, "I am fond of Syuusuke," he said using his first name carefully, "and he is my wife's brother, but don't think I won't use some of the more colourful items I found in the bowels of this house when you showed me the prison upon him if you even think to betray me with him. I don't like other people touching what's mine." He grated out those last words.
Aya just laughed.

When he returned, Aya had cleared away the go board, leaving the game unfinished, and laid out the futon with a piece of old fabric covering it. He had a bottle of oil in a bowl of water over the brazier. It was not boiling but it was clearly to warm the oil.
"You work too hard," he said and sat, naked but for the haori Crawford had draped over him that he had now slipped his arms through. "Strip." He said bluntly, "you will not work tonight, you will make yourself ill, and I have no intention of being left to Schuldig." Aya's expression softened somewhat, "between us I think he's something of a pervert."
Crawford laughed and pulled off his clothes, "face down?" He asked. Aya nodded but his face had returned to its impassive mask. Crawford lay on the mat but started a little when Aya crouched over him.
"I tried to warm the oil," Aya said, "but it will probably still be a bit cold," and then dribbling the liquid, which wasn't quite blood warm, unto his back Aya began to rub in circles. "Don't say anything, just enjoy."
Crawford could feel Aya's palms and the pressure they exerted, the occasional scratch of nails and the sensation of the bandages on his broken fingers. It was literally pushing the tension out of his shoulders. "You work too hard," he repeated softly, his breath making soft whispers on the back of his neck, "just relax. Trust me."
"What happened in the House of Sleep?" Crawford asked, his voice was softer than he intended.
"I learned what it was to be a Fujimiya," Aya said softly, running his hands down Crawford's arms, squeezing just the right amount, "and what it is to be a slave." He laid his lips softly, they were wet perhaps from the oil, on the back of Crawford's neck. "Command me."
Crawford could feel all the tension and stress vanishing from his muscles under Aya's hands, where had he learned to do this, he wondered as he began to knead the flesh of his ass, turning it in separate directions to maximise what he felt, but never quite hard enough. "Do as you will." Crawford finally managed, the smell of Aya, of ointment and oil and the herbs in the brazier combining to make it so that he was having to work to think.
"As you wish," Aya said and began to run his hands the length of his thighs.
After an eternity, it felt, Aya turned him over. And he could see Aya's eyes, the way Aya's tongue peeked out from between his lips, and how he himself was half hard, which shocked him for Aya had done nothing that was in any way sexual. But Crawford had given him that choice to use or abuse as he saw fit. He wondered if Aya was going to provoke him again but decided at worst he could take care of any frustration himself, and the twins had not left yet.
Aya's hands were softer than they should have been for this kind of massage, Crawford knew that, and that they lingered a little long on his chest but avoided his nipples. "If you're going to touch," Crawford groused, "touch me."
Aya smiled. He took a small piece of cloth, the sort that he would use to wash his face of an evening, and laid it over his crotch, then sat beside him and began to touch in a much more determined manner, his hands slick and warm from the oil and his nails deliciously sharp.
First one finger, then another, ran over Crawford's nipple, then his oiled palm, and he pinched softly, smiling but never quite enough, almost but never quite. He ran his finger tips over Crawford's mouth that he could tell that the oil was slightly sweet and tasted slightly of cherries. Crawford wondered if Aya had taken it from Baba's pantry, and if so what had he done with the oiled cherries it had held. Crawford reached out with his tongue to catch Aya's mouth but Aya pulled his hand back. "Just feel," Aya said, "Close your eyes."
"But I like to watch." Crawford was surprised at his tone for it was almost a whine.
"As you wish," Aya repeated. "I live to serve."
He ran his fingernails, slick with oil down to Crawford's armpits, through the scratchy hair there and back to his nipples, surrounded as they were with short dark hairs although his chest was not truly hair there was a line from his crotch that reached up around his nipples. And Aya did nothing else, his hands might dip around Crawford's abdomen, they scratched through his hair but they did nothing else. "By Amaterasu's beard," Crawford managed slamming his head back, "use your mouth."
"As you wish," Aya repeated calmly without changing his expression.
Crawford knew that there were slaves in the capital who knew the exact line of obeisance, that they could take some liberties but some were for the master to demand, and wondered where Aya had drawn the line.
Aya lowered his mouth to Crawford's nipple, licking away the oil with a pointed tongue as their eyes met. He was skilled in this, because Crawford had taken the time to teach him how to do this well, he used lips and teeth and just the right amount of suction as his hands ran along his sides and scratched through his hair. But he did nothing else, he didn't use his hands to help as he switched from one side to the other. He didn't change his attentions from his nipples even as his hands reached up and ran over his mouth and Crawford's erection was clearly tenting the piece of fabric he had lain over him to maintain a hint of propriety.
If this was what Aya had learned in the House of Sleep then Crawford was torn between bringing all the armed forces he could to burn it to the ground and sending them gifts for this was surely the line between torture and bliss.
Aya was watching him and when Crawford realised he felt slightly stupid, Aya wasn't watching him for the sexual reaction but waiting for him to command. A slave could be whipped for overstepping the boundaries so he was waiting for him to tell him what to do. It added an extra sexual thrill to the event, even if it had been months since anyone but he had touched himself. He suspected that Aya knew that and which is why he played this game, both of his hands on Crawford and taking his cues from him. This was a game, Crawford knew, and Aya was so battered from the fight that he was trying to do his duty, and Crawford put his hand on Aya's head and pushed him down, over the straining erection. He could play too, even if it was so hard to think.
"Through the cloth," he said and Aya dutifully looked up and said. "As you wish."
With his hands on his hips, more to steady himself than to hold Crawford down, he opened his mouth and took the very top of the erection, complete with fabric, and began to gently suck, he lapped at him with the very tip of his tongue.
Crawford thought he might go mad, this was maddening, because it was almost enough. Aya was not the best at giving head, but he made up for it with enthusiasm and diligence. Aya was being perfectly diligent, not arousing and smiling as he did so, bobbing his head and using his teeth through the cloth.
As Crawford cried out his hand grabbed about and patted around for the cloth, pulling it away. Aya raised his head, his lips swollen and there was saliva dripping from his mouth. "Do you want to come in my mouth, master?" He asked. "Or would you prefer I finished you with my hand?"
"Mouth," Crawford snapped.
"As you wish," Aya repeated and went to work with gusto. He didn't bother with niceties just bobbed his head and sucked, his hand, still slick with oil, finding his balls and cupping them gently as he rubbed and bobbed and Crawford just stared, his mouth open and strange noises escaping him.
Aya did not stop him when he started to thrust into his mouth, just moved back to allow him, and he could feel himself nudging the back of Aya's throat and even the involuntary gagging. It was enough to push him over the edge as Aya's slick hand travelled between his buttocks and finding his opening pushed inside, just to the first knuckle.
Crawford came and came and came, most of it landed in Aya's mouth but there was a spray across his chin and chest.
Crawford just lay there for a long while, boneless trying to catch his breath.
"Stay," he finally managed as Aya stood up.
"As you wish." From the cupboard he took a second futon and laid it over his master, then curled up next to him. "Now sleep, let me worry about you for a while."
"But you," Crawford protested, feeling Aya's erection against his own hip.
"I'm fine." Aya said, "it will go away. And maybe in the morning I'll be feeling less sore and," he smiled to himself noticing Crawford had fallen asleep. He kissed Crawford's forehead softly and then snuggled down next to him to sleep himself, though it was not nearly late enough.