The Runaway Girl
by Vanessa Evans

Part 05

By the next morning Ingrid’s energy had returned and Tom awoke to her riding his morning woody.

It was a peaceful, quiet day on their own after Ingrid went to the shop for some fresh food. She wore the same ‘dress’ even though it didn’t cover her slit or half her butt and when Tom saw her walking back he smiled when he saw that she had pulled the bottom of the dress up and all her bald pubis was showing.

As they lay on the loungers Tom looked at Ingrid’s pubis and decided that it was a good job that one of the packages that he’d ordered was a laser hair removal device. He hadn’t told her about anything that he’d ordered and he was looking forward to seeing her face when she saw her new toys, clothes, documents and the other things that he’d bought for her.


The ‘quiet’ day didn’t include the sounds of pleasure as they made love to each other out on the loungers, not caring if anyone walked by and saw them. At one point Tom was sure that he heard someone but he didn’t bother looking.


That evening they again walked to the village and went to the same cafe to eat. Ingrid wore the ‘dress’ that was see-though and in the light of the cafe everyone who looked could see that she wore nothing under the dress.

*****

The next morning it was putting everything in the proper storage lockers and getting ready to leave. Ingrid again insisted on travelling naked and as they drove off their allotted space they waved at their ex-neighbours, Ingrid saying that she’d miss teasing the boys.


Tom hadn’t planned on travelling far but they had problems finding a campsite and in the end they spent one night parked on the side of the very quiet road but that didn’t stop Ingrid from wanting to go for a walk into a wooded area, totally naked, her telling Tom that it reminded her of her days on her own in the forest.

*****

The next morning they continued driving east and Tom found a campsite just north of Gibraltar. It wasn’t brilliant campsite and it didn’t have a lot of facilities but Tom wanted to visit Gibraltar. The only problem was that Ingrid didn’t have any identification documents and Tom had been told that the Spanish were a bit touchy about people crossing the border.

Tom told Ingrid that they’d spend a few days there and after they’d parked up and got the motorhome stable and hooked up he went back to the reception to see if he could get a parcel delivered there for him. As he walked back to the motorhome he sent an email to his lawyer with the address and asked him to get the parcel to him with a 48 hour delivery guarantee.

Back at their pitch Tom found that Ingrid had got out the table, chairs and loungers and was just soaking up the sun. Their pitch was separated from the others but it was on a main walkway and quite a few people were walking by, some looking over and seeing the naked Ingrid.

“Has anyone complained about you being naked yet Ingrid?” Tom asked.

“No, it’s probably my child-like body.”

“Good, because I want to stay here for a few days then get a taxi to Gibraltar. That’s one of the few places that I want to visit.”


The next couple of days were quiet and lazy for them except when they attacked each other’s bodies. Ingrid wasn’t too happy because she had to wear a dress whenever they went anywhere except the beach, which wasn’t that brilliant. When they did go to the beach Tom painted another thong on Ingrid which pleased her.

Ingrid wondered why they walked to the reception on the second evening leaving her outside when he went in. When she asked Tom what he was doing he made-up a story about checking the site’s Wi-Fi.

When they went there on the third evening and Tom came out with a big box Ingrid was very intrigued but Tom ignored her many requests to know what was in the box right until they got back to the motorhome, then he told her that it contained presents for her.

Ingrid’s eye welled up and she went and leaned of Tom telling him that she’d never really had any presents from her parents.

“Well take that dress off and get opening Ingrid.”

The very excited Ingrid started ripping her way into the box only to find more plain packages. She was like a kid whose Christmas’ that she’d never had, all came at once. The only thing was that there wasn’t any kids toys in the box, only adult women’s toys and some clothes. 

Ingrid cane across a large, plain brown envelope with the name ‘TOM’ on it and she passed it straight to Tom. To him that was the most important thing in the box. Ingrid ignored Tom as she opened package after package, some causing her to gasp then say that she couldn’t wait to try the various dildos, vibrators, beads and a laser hair removal device. When she came across the double and single, pearl string thongs she held them round her neck and said that they were beautiful but she didn’t know what the thin strips of flesh coloured plastic were for. Tom decided to keep that surprise for later.

The remote controlled vibrators also had Ingrid a bit confused, 

“Another surprise for later.” Tom said.

There was a few items of clothing in the box that Tom hoped Ingrid would like, one of them being a black, totally see-through dress which Tom was looking forward to seeing Ingrid in.

Ingrid positively squealed with delight when she saw the top of the range mobile android phone and the Go-Pro camera that was in there, telling Tom that she’d never had a phone of her own before. 

When Ingrid had finally opened the last package she sat back, sighed and said, 

“Where do I start?”

A few seconds later she got up, went to Tom and unfastened his shorts. Pulling them down she said,

“I start by fucking you Tom, a thank you fuck.”

But it wasn’t a fuck to start with, Ingrid dropped to her knees and took Tom’s cock in her mouth and started going up and down, getting his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth then throat. She swallowed all of his first load and kept on fucking her throat on his cock until he was hard again then she got to her feet, knelt either side of Tom’s thighs, impaled herself on his cock and rode it right through her first and her second orgasm until Tom shot his second load deep inside her.


After a short rest Ingrid started trying all the items whist Tom prepared some food for them then told Ingrid to stop and eat. She did so with a dildo deep inside her before continuing where she left off.

As soon as Tom got the camera he got it working and videoed Ingrid using her new toys on herself. In between doing that he set up her new phone and when Ingrid picked it up she saw the name Rachel Matthews as the owner.

“I don’t mind Tom but I think that you’ve got me a second hand phone. It’s got someone else’s name on it”

Tom handed Ingrid her new passport and when she looked at the photo she said,

“That’s me.”

“Yes it is Rachel. I’ve got you a whole new identity, one which will allow you to live in England as if you were born there.”

“This says that I’m eighteen years old and my birthday is wrong.”

“I know, eighteen so that you are an adult and I’m sorry about the birthday, it was all that I could get but it means that we won’t have any legal problems.”

“Tom, I don’t know what to say, I’d fuck you again if I had the energy.”

“Rachel, all you have to say is that you will come to England with me and live with me.”

“Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, of course I will Tom. It’s a nice name is Rachel Matthews, did you choose it?”

“No, and I think that it’s best if you don’t know where the name came from but we do need to invent a plausible background for you, one that explains you German accent.” 

“Okay, Tom, can we go to bed early tonight, and not fuck, I’m so tired.”

“Of course we can, we can just cuddle all night.”

“And can I hold your cock all night as well?”

“You never have to ask that question Rachel.”


They did just that, two happy bunnies falling into a very contented sleep.

*****

Ingrid, sorry, Rachel woke up first and woke Tom giving him his first fuck with Rachel as she rode his morning woody. Then, for her, it was straight back to going through and trying all her presents. In all the excitement Rachel forgot all about breakfast and Tom had to prepare it and almost tie her down to eat it. Even when she was eating she was telling Tom about how her new toys made her feel when they were doing their thing.

It was whilst they were eating that Tom decided that Gibraltar was out of the question for that day and he’d think about it for the next day.

Most of the day was spent with Rachel experimenting with the toys and trying on all the clothes. When she came to the pack of ten crotchless G-strings she said,

“Well if I have to wear knickers anytime at least my pussy won’t get all hot and bothered.”

Tom laughed and replied,

“I’m sure that I could make sure that it was.”

Rachel turned and kissed him.


Rachel also wanted to go for short walks wearing different clothes and toys. Most of the toys made her aroused as she walked and she liked those. She had a couple of ‘accidents’ when her Ben Wa balls cane out but she soon learnt how to control her pussy muscles.

The remote controlled vibrators were another hit with her. Firstly she liked the idea of the pink antenna sticking out of her vagina but the main thing that she liked was that Tom could control it from his phone. Rachel really loved it when he made her cum in front of strangers. Which is what he did that evening, they went out to find a restaurant. Rachel wore just her sandals, one of her new dresses that was opaque and her Lush remote control vibrator. 

As they walked the streets Tom kept turning the vibrations up but not to the maximum because when he does that Rachel can’t stop her body from shaking and she has an almost irresistible urge to hold her pussy and one of her tits. That didn’t seem to bother Rachel but Tom thought that it wasn’t a good idea when strangers were around.

The street lighting wasn’t that good and Rachel only saw one person looking at her. She decided to only wear that dress when she was going somewhere with powerful lighting.

In the restaurant Tom made eating difficult for Rachel, a lot of the time she was eating with just a fork, her other hand pressing on her pussy.

Tom took Rachel beyond the point of no return a couple of times and she struggled to stay silent. A woman on a table nearby asking Tom if his daughter was okay. The occupants of just about all the other tables changed before Rachel finally finished her desert.

During the walk back to the motorhome Rachel was begging Tom to pull the vibrator out and fuck her brains out but he refused. What he did do was tell her that from time to time he was going to ‘edge’ her for days on end. He had to explain what ‘edging’ was and Rachel told Tom that she both loved and hated the idea.


Back at the motorhome Tom told Rachel that they were getting up early in the morning and getting a taxi to Gibraltar and that she should decide that evening what she was going to wear for the day. At one point Rachel picked up the pearl beads and held round her neck.

“I can’t see how to put these round my neck Tom and I don’t understand what these funny strap things are for.”

“That’s because it’s not a necklace Ingrid, oh sorry, Rachel, it’s actually a pair of knickers.”
 
“Girls wear knickers like this?”

“Yes, bring them here and I’ll show you.”

Rachel did and she giggled a bit as Tom held then for her to step in to. As he pulled them up she said,

“They don’t cover anything do they, but I guess that they look good. Oh. Oh, am I suppose to wear them with one string of beads on each side of my clit?”

“Yes you are, they will keep agitating your clit as you walk.”

“That sounds like fun, I’ll wear them tomorrow.”

Rachel took ages sorting out what else she was going to wear which was sill because Tom knew that she’d wear next to nothing and he was nearly asleep when she finally joined him. But that didn’t stop her going straight to his cock with her mouth as soon as she climbed on the bed.

*****

Rachel was reluctant to get out of bed so early but Tom carried her to the shower in the motorhome and turned the cold water tap on. After a few German words which Tom assumed were swear words, Rachel was wide awake and getting ready.

Rachel chose to wear another of her new opaque dresses, this one slightly shorter than the one from the previous night, in fact this one was longer at the back meaning that when Rachel was stood her butt was covered. In the shorter front her slit and clit were just about covered. If she bent, twisted or raised her arms even the slightest bit anyone looking would see her slit and clit.

Rachel was wearing three other things, a pair of sandals, a pair of designer sunglasses and another remote controlled vibrator, this one an egg that had no parts sticking out of her. Tom told her that he’d pick the time to switch it on.

It took a few minutes to flag down a taxi then Tom opened one of the back doors for Rachel to get in and was rewarded with a great view of her pussy. He followed her in and as she slid over to the other side Tom saw that the driver’s head was turned and he was looking at Rachel’s pussy.

The journey didn’t take long and they were dropped off a bit short of the Spanish border then they had to walk the rest of the way along with what seemed like hundreds of Spanish people going to work.

At the actual border there were lots of Spanish police and they appeared to be stopping anyone who didn’t look vaguely Spanish and that included Tom and Rachel. Tom presented their passports and he breathed a sigh of relief when the policeman returned them to Tom and waved them through. As the walked on Tom said,

“Well it looks like your passport is good Rachel.”


It didn’t take them long to find a cafe where they had some breakfast. As they ate Tom looked at the way Rachel was sat and he could see the strings of pearl beads and her clit between them.

“Do those pearls feel nice Rachel?”

“Yes, I’ve discovered that if I walk a bit like models do, putting one foot directly in front of the other the pearl move around a bit and massage my clit.”

“I wondered how long it would take for you to discover that.”

With that Tom put his hand in his pocket and switched the vibrator on to a low setting but that was enough to make Rachel jump a bit in her seat. As she got used to the vibrations she asked,

“Are you going to make me cum lots of times today Tom?”
 
“Once or twice Rachel.”

“But you’re definitely going to make me think about cumming all day aren’t you?”

“I am, are you complaining?”

“Hell no.”


The cafe was in a sort of town square and lots of people were walking through. Looking at them quite a bit Tom realised that most of the people were no longer looking like workers going to their jobs, but they looked like tourists. He smiled to himself as he thought about Rachel ‘accidentally’ letting some of them see her pussy, and, if they got close enough, see her tits  and slit through the opaque dress.


Breakfast over they left the square and started wandering all around. Tom had heard that the place looked quite like an English town, only with decent weather, and he soon saw the similarities.

“Is that an English policeman Tom? What is he doing here?”

“Gibraltar belongs to the UK and they choose to do things like they do in England and that includes the policemen dressing like they used to in England.”

“Complete with those silly hats.” Rachel added.

“Yes, those hats are supposed to be hard enough to withstand a brick landing on them.”

“Shall we test that?” Rachel asked.

“No.” Tom quickly replied and turned the vibrations up to maximum for a couple of seconds causing Rachel put her right hand on her crotch.

“No hands on your pussy nor your tits Rachel, if you do that policeman might arrest you for public indecency or lewd behaviour.”

“I’ll try Tom but that vibrator sends shock waves to my clit and nipples.”

“But you are enjoying it aren’t you?”

“Yes I am.”

 
Just as they were leaving the square Tom saw a minibus and realised what all the writing on the side was.

“Do you want to go and see the monkeys Rachel?”

“What monkeys?”

“Gibraltar is famous for its wild monkeys or to give them their proper name, Barbary Macaques, there’s hundreds of them living wild on the rocks.”

“I didn’t know that, but yes, why not.”

Tom looked where the minibus had stopped and saw a place where they could book tours. There were already a few people there and Tom and Rachel went and joined the queue. Soon they were climbing into a minibus with Rachel accidentally showing her bare butt and pussy to the men that were behind her waiting to get in. Rachel sat on an end seat near the back which meant that some of the people in front could turn and see her bare legs right up to her stomach but she acted like she was wearing jeans.

Off they went with the tour guide sat in the front and frequently turning as he addressed the passengers. Rachel didn’t appear to notice him looking as she sat with her knees apart but Tam saw where the tour guide was looking and smiled.

The tour guide wasn’t the only man looking at Rachel, a couple of the passengers saw her when they turned to look at something out of the window and from then on Tom thought that those men always wanted to see something out of the back of the minibus.


The tour stopped at a few places and each time they got out of the minibus it gave the men more opportunities to look at what they thought was a girl who was oblivious to her exposure. Rachel actually did know that the men were looking at her and she had many deliberate wardrobe malfunctions all with her apparently not realising.

At one stop there was an ice cream van and Tom bought one for each of them. The seller told Tom to watch out for the monkeys which the tour guide had already warned them about.

Rachel managed to dodge the first monkey that came to try to steal her ice cream then three of them were stood on the ground in front of her. One tried to grab the ice cream but missed and grabbed her dress pulling it up as it jumped up onto the wall. Rachel screamed which brought her to attention of all the other people there as the monkey pulled at her dress, it getting higher and higher revealing her body nearly up to her tits.

Meanwhile another monkey had succeeded in taking her ice cream form in her hand leaving her free to try to get the monkey to let go of her dress. After about twenty seconds she succeeded, the monkey ran off and Rachel managed to pull her dress back to its proper place.

“That was embarrassing.” Rachel lied as she spoke to just about everyone who had been in the minibus and the occupants of a couple of cars that had stopped at the same place.

Tom bought Rachel another ice cream and stood in front of her whilst she ate it. Whilst she was eating it Tom whispered that she looked good in her pearls underwear that made her clit look even bigger.

“That’s because the pearls are rubbing and squeezing it and the vibrator is keeping me aroused.” Rachel quietly replied.


Apart from the exposure getting into the minibus and whilst sitting in it there were no other incidents and a couple of hours after they left the square they were driving back into it.

It was then that Tom decided to turn the vibrator up a little. He saw her right hand started to go to her pussy but it stopped when she remembered that she hadn’t to grab it. She gave Tom a pleading look but he ignored it.


From the square they started walking along the nearby streets that were full of all sorts of shops. They went into a couple of electronics shops and tom bought a couple of memory cards and quite a few batteries. When he was planning his tour he had never even considered that he would end up with a passenger whom he wanted to photograph and video all the time, nor that she would have toys that needed a regular supply of batteries.

In the shops, and whilst looking in shop windows Tom saw that Rachel was bending over quite a bit and he didn’t know if she was deliberately flashing her goods or if she just wasn’t thinking about it. He suspected the former but wasn’t going to ask her, just enjoy what he and some tourists and shopkeepers could see if they looked.


They came to a largish young woman’s fashion shop and Tom decided that he would buy Rachel some more clothes and maybe some other things dependant upon what they saw. Tom wasn’t surprised that most of the clothing was from their summer range and Rachel selected quite a few items to go and try on.

The changing rooms were just curtained squares at the side of the shop and when Rachel went into one she ‘forgot’ to close the curtain. Tom stood where the curtain would have been so that he could watch her but Tom isn’t as broad as the curtain is wide and anyone who cared to look would have seen Rachel changing.

Some of the items were skirts, albeit VERY short ones. When Rachel was putting one of the skirts on she was facing Tom as she stepped into the skirt and pulled it up her naked body. She glanced to her left, passed Tom and saw a youngish man stood looking at her. She pretended not to notice and backed away from Tom a bit so that the man could see all of her front, her little conical tits pointing straight at the man.

“Can’t make your mind up about that one Rachel?” Tom asked.

“No, I like it, it’s just that there’s a man watching me.”

“Which side?”

“My left, your right.”

Without looking. Tom stepped to his left giving the voyeur a full frontal view of Rachel. She whispered a thanks then unfastened the skirt and let it drop to the floor. She stood there for a few seconds with a throbbing clit and tingling nipples with the man staring at her full frontal nudity.

Another man walked between them but didn’t look towards Rachel then she looked at the man, smiled and gave him a little wave. He smiled back. Tom stepped back and Rachel got on with trying on the clothes.

After a while Rachel and Tom walked over to the checkout then paid for about half of the items.

When they were out on the street they just stood there deciding which way to go when the voyeur from in the shop came out, and as he passed them he said,

“Cute knickers.” And kept walking.

“That was your voyeur was it?” Tom asked.

“Yes.”

“Well he sure isn’t the first one to see your butt and pussy, I reckon that a good thirty people have seen them so far today and it still isn’t lunchtime.”

“Oh good, and someone might see me cumming soon if you leave that vibrator set the way it is.”

“Don’t you dare cum yet young lady, I’ll tell you when you can cum.”

“Yes sir.” Rachel replied and gave Tom a mock salute.


After a while they found another shop that sold clothes for teenage girls but this was a lot smaller and Rachel feared that it would be too expensive. Tom told her not to worry about that and in they went. Apart from the helpful girl sales assistant they were the only ones there and the two girls went round the shop selecting items and deciding if it would look good on Rachel. Tom stood back and watched.

When they found a top that both girls thought would look good on Rachel she asked where the changing rooms were.

“Oh, we don’t have any, just try it on right here.”       

Rachel looked at the girl and wondered if she realised that the only things that she was wearing was the dress and a few pearls. She looked at the sales assistant who was looking at Rachel and decided that the girl must be able to see her tits through the opaque dress so she must know what she isn’t wearing, and Rachel immediately pulled the dress up and off.

“Nice knickers.” The sales girl said.

All that she could really see was the two strings of pearls coming out of Rachel’s slit, one either side of her clit which Tom thought looked bigger than usual,

“Must be the effects of the pearls rubbing on it, the vibrator and that girl looking at it.” Tom thought.

As the new top went on Tom could see Rachel’s nipples, both pointing directly to him on her little conical tits. The sales girl was looking at them as well.

Both girls thought that the top looked good on Rachel but it was too short to be worn as a dress. Tom wondered if she’d wear it with the pearls as a bikini bottom.

Off the top came and it was put to one side before both girls continued looking, Rachel not bothering to put anything on and the sales girl not asking her to.

Two more tops were tried on and had just been taken off when a young man walked into the shop and the sales girl looked over to see who it was.

“Don’t mind him, he’s my boyfriend the sales girl said.

Rachel didn’t mind at all, in fact she went out of her way to let him see her body, front and back as they continued trying on tops then skirts then dresses, all of which were very short.  Tom was just thinking that the two girls were finished when he remembered the vibrator. Turning it up to maximum he saw, and heard Rachel gasp. She was facing Tom, and the boyfriend when the shock hit her and Tom could swear that he saw her clit twitch.

Fighting to keep her hands by her sides Rachel transferred her weight from one foot to the other and back before the pent-up orgasm exploded out of her with all the other three people there just staring at her, listening to her moans of pleasure and watching her body shake and jerk

“Did you just cum?” the sales girl asked when Rachel was back on earth and Tom had turned the vibrations down.

“Yes, sorry, I just couldn’t stop it.” Rachel replied.

“No need to be sorry, that was the most beautiful sight that I have seen in here for years.”

“Err, I think that I’ll take that skirt as well please, and that’s it thank you.”

The sales girl took the garments that Rachel was buying over to the counter and Tom saw that she was smiling. He wondered if she was bi and fancied Rachel.

Rachel had followed the sales girl over and was stood in front of the boyfriend who was staring down at her tits and Tom couldn’t blame him for that. It was only when Tom was picking up the bags that Rachel remembered that she was still naked. She turned and went back to where she had left her dress, put it on and followed Tom out.


“The dresses here are a lot shorter than they sell in Germany, that proper dress that you bought me is really short and really nice.” Rachel said.

“That might be because the weather is a lot hotter hear than Germany.” Tom replied, “I guess that girls don’t want to wear long skirts in this heat.”


Just down the road they stopped and Tom asked Rachel if she’d enjoyed cumming in front of the sales girl and her boyfriend.

“Do I need to answer that one Tom?”

“I guess not, and I’m assuming that you want to do something similar again?”

“Yes please.”

Tom turned the vibrator back on to hopefully keep her arousal level up.


They wandered along the streets looking in more shops and watching the other tourists, some of whom were looking at Rachel. After a while they came across a pub and Tom decided that they should have a drink and something to eat.

“Are you going to make it difficult for me to eat?” Rachel asked as they went inside.

“Yes and no, I want you to feel good but I’m hungry.”

“Tell you what, I’ll torment you before we eat then switch it off, but as soon as you eat the last bite the vibe will go on at full blast then I’ll leave it on as we walk down the street.”

“That sounds nice, maybe people will see and know that I’m cumming.”

“You’d like that wouldn’t you?”

“Yes.”

“I’m sure that we can find lots of places for you to cum in public, maybe enter you in some wet T-shirt competitions or get you a job in a strip club now that you’ve suddenly aged by four years.”

“Yes, being Rachel Matthews does have its advantages.”


They had a good meal with Tom noticing that Rachel was starting to look a little less just skin and bones. Then Tom turned the vibrator on full blast and watched as Rachel struggled to hold it together. They ate desserts then had a coffee with Rachel seriously considering asking Tom to turn the vibrator off.

He finally did, just before he thought that Rachel was about to cum and Rachel didn’t know whether to thank him or curse him.


They walked back to the square and Tom was pleased to see that they could get a taxi from close by to they did, only to be stopped by the police at the border to Spain. Rachel’s  British passport was good again and they were soon arriving at the entrance to the campsite.


Just as soon as they got out of the taxi Tom turned the vibrator up to full blast and Rachel spent the whole of the walk to the motorhome calling Tom all the names under the sun. They stopped once for Rachel to cum but Tom left the vibrator on right until they got to the motorhome. By that time Rachel was desperate for Tom to fuck her and they left the bags outside while Rachel squeezed the vibrator out then jumped on Tom.

Thirty minutes later Rachel went outside to bring the bags in, not bothering to put any clothes on, only to see an elderly couple waking by. She waved at them.


They stayed in that night, Rachel saying that she wanted to make up for not having been fucked that day right up until the evening when they got back. Tom tormented Rachel quite a bit that evening, not with one of the remote controlled vibrators but with the magic wand that Rachel had thought was for massaging aches and pains.

*****

The next morning started with the usual first awake waking the other by doing things to their genitals, then after a shower it was pack-up time then hit the road with Rachel staying naked all the time.

They drove along the coast road and found a campsite near Torre del Mar that looked okay and they were lucky to get a pitch at the side of the site which meant that they didn’t have any neighbours on one site so Rachel could be naked on that side of the motorhome.

Rachel wanted to help Tom setup the motorhome and was about to go out of the door totally naked but Tom stopped her and told her that she’d have to put something on because they didn’t know what the neighbours were like. She asked Tom to paint a bikini on her but he suggested that she wear one of the crotchless G-strings telling her that topless should be fine.

Rachel had tried one of the crotchless G-strings on before and found that they were comfortable and that she could wear the Isosceles Trapezium held in place with tiny strings either to cover her clit or not, although she did wonder if she wore it covering her clit it would work its way up a little and her clit would escape. She put one on covering her clit as an experiment.

Working together they soon got the motorhome level and connected to the power supply then they went for a walk to see what they could find. They were both reasonably impressed and Tom thought that they might say there for a while.

No one had said anything about Rachel’s state of dress and no one had stared for more than a couple of seconds. He had noticed that her clit had escaped but that didn’t attract any real attention so Tom felt comfortable letting Rachel wear only what she was whilst on the campsite.

That feeling was reinforced a little when they walked back to their motorhome only to find that their neighbours were back from wherever and stood or sat by their caravan and they had seen them. The man, Harry, came over to say hello then called the rest of his family over to introduce his wife Lucy, son Rick, sixteen and daughter Emma, fifteen.

None of them commented on Rachel’s state of dress although Tom did notice both Harry and Rick staring at Rachel’s tiny, conical tits. Rachel introduced herself as Tom’s daughter.

The family left to let Tom and Rachel ‘settle in’ with Harry saying that they might see them in the bar later.

“So how old is my ‘daughter’ going to be whilst we are here?” Tom asked as they went round the ‘private’ side of the motorhome.

“I think that I’ll be fourteen if that’s okay with you Tom, I think that fourteen year olds can get away with more than eighteen year olds can.”

“I’m sure that’s true Rachel, but for now I think that you are a little overdressed.”

Rachel looked down her front then replied,

“Oops, I forgot that I had this on.”

“That’s good, you can wear those more often and feel like you are naked.”

Tom sat on one of the loungers whilst Rachel went into the motorhome and came back out  totally naked and carrying two cold drinks. They sat and talked for a while then Rachel got up then sat down on Tom’s lap. Rubbing one of her hard tits back and forth across his mouth she said,

“Tom. Since you found me you have been totally kind and loving towards me and I just wanted to thank you and tell you that I will do absolutely anything that you want me to do.”

“Rachel, this is a two way relationship that we have, you give and I give. You will know when I have had enough of you and unless you change dramatically I reckon that I will have had enough of you in about two hundred years.”

“It will be a zillion years before I’ve had enough of you Tom.”

“Right young lady, now that we’ve got that sorted out stop threatening to poke my eye out with those tits of yours, get your pussy inside that van and spread those cute legs of yours, I’m feeling hungry and I feel like I need to eat some delicious pussy.”
   
Rachel jumped to her feet and was giggling as she ran into the motorhome.


About an hour later it was starting to get dark and Tom’s stomach needed something more substantial than pussy juices inside it so he put some shorts on and Rachel wrapped just a towel round her waist and they walked to the shower block where they were disappointed to find that there wasn’t a family shower. They both had quick showers and then walked back to the motorhome and decided where they were going to eat.


The cafe / bar was their choice and whist Tom put a polo neck shirt on above his shorts, Rachel put on just a top that was slightly opaque and very short for a dress. Only just covering her butt and pussy.

It only takes a couple of minutes to walk to the cafe but long enough for them to hear the crickets chirping away in the pine trees. They ordered drinks and food and went to a table near the back of the cafe where they sat, talked and watched, Tom soon realising that the cafe was a social meeting place just like the pubs in England. 

The girl who brought their food made small talk with both of them before leaving them to eat in peace. When they had finished the girl cam back for the plates and asked Tom if she could get them any more drinks, again with some friendly small talk.

All the time so far Rachel had just been sat next to Tom not trying to flash her goodies at anyone. 

They were just getting to the end of their second drink when their neighbours walked in, saw Tom and Rachel and went over to them.

“Mind if we join you?” Lucy asked,

Tom upturned his hand and Lucy turned to her children and continued,

“You two sit next to Rachel. I bet that she’s missing company her own age.”

“What are you having Tom?” Harry asked.

“I’ll come with you.” Tom said and he got up and went to the bar with Harry.

Meanwhile Lucy sat where Tom had been and started talking to Rachel, mainly quizzing her about why she was on holiday with just her young looking father and how come she had a German accent but Tom hadn’t.

Thinking quick, Rachel said that Tom had met Rachel’s mother and her when he had been working in Germany and her mother and Tom had got together and got married. Two years later her mother had been killed in a road traffic accident leaving Tom to look after her on his own.

Lucy was very sympathetic towards Rachel and told her that if she wanted any older woman’s advise whilst they were there then she would be happy to help.

Rachel felt like bursting out laughing but she held it together and Tom and Harry returned with the drinks.

“You three kids sit at that table over there and talk kids stuff while us adults see what we each know about the area.” Lucy said.

And that’s what they did. The kids were slow at starting to talk to each other and it didn’t really help that Rachel was sat opposite Rick and he could just about make out the shape of her tits through that opaque dress and that when he looked at her legs he could see right up but the light wasn’t good enough for him to realise that the pink that he could see was her slit and not just ordinary flesh or pink knickers.

Having said all that, Rachel though that Rick and Emma were okay and she liked the stories of where they had been and what they had done.

The same could be said for Tom, he liked Harry, and although he suspected that it was Lucy that ran their family, she was okay too.


After a while Rachel asked Tom if she could go to the internet shack which was just a shed with four PCs in it but they were loaded with games and Rick and Emma wanted to go as well.

Permission granted Tom watched Rachel run after Emma and Rick and he saw the back of her dress jumping up revealing lots of her bare butt. Tom also saw that Harry was looking that way as well.


The drinks were flowing and everyone was getting happy but Tom stopped when he realised that he was on his way to being drunk and sometime around midnight people started leaving so Harry stood up and said that it was time to leave.

Lucy and Tom got up as well and they started to walk back to their vans collecting the three teenagers on the way.


Back in the motorhome Rachel was soon naked and brushing her teeth whilst trying to tell Tom about the games that they’d played. He wasn’t really interested and he pulled her to the bed and on top of him where she quickly got the hint.

*****
