Gina sat at her computer staring at the new email message she had just received. Her girlfriend had sent a message to the man who wrote it thinking that the two of them would enjoy writing each other. You see Gina liked to write and read erotic email, so she joined an on line group to look for someone who shared this interest. While she had read one story that the man had written, she was still a bit nervous about reading this one, after all this one was to her, not her friend. She thought about the man she was involved with in real life, how much she wished she could share this side of herself with him, and how ironic it was that the email came from a man named "Brian" when her man's name was also "Brian".
The minutes flew by as she sat thinking all the things she had been through to get to this point. How she had spent most of her life hating anything remotely sexual until she met Brian, and how she felt a little guilty for even thinking up this email thing in the first place. Then she took a deep breath, screwed her courage to the sticking place, told herself that emails were just words, she would be hurting no one, and she clicked on the Ikon that opened the email.
Reading slowly at first she felt the tightening begin deep in the center of her. This man was a wonderful writer. She began reading faster and faster, wanting to know where his story would lead her next. After she finally made it to the last line, she exhaled softly, adjusted herself in her chair (she found that the reading had caused no little amount of squirming) and then she read the whole thing again! It lost nothing in the second reading, in fact it was even better, because she didn't rush so badly this time.
Once she finished reading it for the second time, she sat staring at her blank email to Brian. How would she start, how much could she reveal? Would her writing come close to his? It took almost an hour before she finally started to type, telling Brian thank you for his story, and that she liked it. She didn't tell him about the squirming in her chair, nor did she tell him about how she had to stop writing and take a shower, and about the liberal use of the shower massage. You see, she had gotten very excited reading his email, and had to relieve some of the tension or she would never be able to finish writing anything, much less sleep that night. So into the bathroom she went. Turning the water on and adjusting the temperature, she slowly began to undress, thinking about Brian's story the whole time.
She wore no bra that day and as she removed her shirt, the backs of her hands brushed her already erect and aching nipples. Distracted by this feeling, she cupped and caressed each breast first one and then the other. Her very ample 38D size made it difficult to do but she managed to caresses both at the same time, pushing them together tightly to rub against each other. Then she lowered her head, raised one breast and let her tongue slide over the nipple. Her knees threatened to give way on her and she sank to a sitting position on the edge of the tub with a moan escaping from deep within her. Next she opened her mouth and let her lips encircle and suckle the nipple she just teased. Thinking all the while about how Brian's story had gotten her so worked up. Very soon, even this was not enough for her, so she stood back up, remembering how in his story he removed the panties slowly and almost had his nose in the woman's mound. Now as she slowly removed hers, she thought about Brian's hands not hers, sliding them over her hips, brushing her already quivering thighs. More moans erupted from her as she passed her hand over her mound, and could not stop herself from letting a single finger slip past her swollen lips to reach and rub the tiny bud that was contained there.
Quickly getting into the shower, she sat down (knowing her legs would not support her very long with the way things were going) then taking the shower massage in her hand, she closed her eyes and imagined looking up to find Brian standing over her. His asking if she would mind if he helped her bathe, and her silently handing him the shower massager with her trembling hand. She arched back when he directed the warm pulsing water over her taunt and aching breasts. Then she felt his hands (they were hers but in her mind they were his) start to glide the soap over them. The lather building and making them very slippery, while it was just about driving her insane with want. She felt herself getting very wet, and it had nothing to do with the shower water!
Then after carefully rinsing the lather away, she watched as his mouth descended to her breast, and heard him softly explain that he was going to taste each one to make sure they tasted thoroughly clean. The instant his tongue lashed over her nipple she reached up to pull him closer, unable to help herself. His mouth covered her nipple and as he sucked, she felt a tug deep within her, reaching all the way to her womanly core. She began to softly beg him to wash more of her, and he gladly complied, but he did so in a maidenly slow process that she thought would surely be the death of her. None of her begging or pleading would rush him in his task. He soaped her belly, working in ever increasing circles moving lower and lower but just when she though he would finally touch the spot she ached to have him reach, his hands moved to work their way down her leg.
She began to thrash in the tub as his soapy hands worked their way up her inner thighs. "Please Brian, she begged ... PLEASE ... I can't stand much more of this."
Brian smiled and stood up, causing her to frown and look at him and wonder why he left her, only to smile as she watched him slowly start to remove his own clothing.
"YESSSSSSSS..." she whispered with a sigh as he removed everything he wore, piece by piece, until he stood before her fully nude and most definitely and obviously excited with his very erect member sticking straight out from his body! She shifted her position coming up on her knees to allow him to get into the shower/tub with her. Then she grinned at him in an impish way and said it was her turn to wash him!
Standing now to reach his chest, she ran the warm water over him, letting her hands trace the trail of the water down his chest, soaping him and gently teasing his nipples. She wondered if she should, would he like it? Then deciding SHE would like it, she rinsed the soap away and pressed her mouth over one of his nipples and sucked gently, moaning softly as she did so. Next she treated him to the same exquisite torture he inflicted upon her, as her slick lathered hands worked down past his hips and legs to return up his inner thighs almost to the glorious firmness extended from his groin. But before she knew how, she found herself facing the back wall of the shower, and felt his hands move over her round rear.
She cried out loud as he said, "I can't wait much longer either." and then pushing her down slightly so her sex was facing him and then he thrust into her dark, hot, wet, core from behind. Her mouth was now open to help with the ragged breathing this wonderful invasion had caused and she began to grind her hips backward into him. Begging for more.
"Yes" she cried, "Oh Brian, YES... please ... MMMMMMMM... I want to cum all over you.... make me cum ... please make me cum!!!"
Hearing her set him off into a ever increasing frenzy of movement. He would pull almost all the way from her, and then drive back into her with increasing speed. He too was breathing roughly and moaning as he told her, "That's right Gina... cum for me... cum all over me... I want to feel you tighten around me...and then I want to gum inside you...fill you while your still coming and squeezing me."
Within a few more thrusts, each of their heads fell back as they exploded together. He pumping hotly into her and filling her even as she ground herself back against him and her muscles contracted, milking every last drop from him.
When at last the world came back to her, she found herself standing with her head against the back wall of the shower, the shower massager still pressed tightly between her trembling thighs. She sat down to allow her knees time to become more stable and proceeded to turn off the water, and reach for a towel. Thinking she had released enough of her tension, she began to dry herself starting with her neck. To her surprise, as the nap of the towel dried her still taunt breasts, another wave passed over her and she suddenly reached her hand between her thighs.
As she circled and teased the swollen bud there, she thought again of Brian, and as she came yet again in a shattering and oh so wonderful climax, she moaned out, "OH YES BRIAN ... YES ... YES ... YES"
After this she looked at herself in the bathroom mirror, still damp, but flushed rosy red from the wonderful feelings that she had just experienced and smiled. Dressing quickly she hurried back to her computer to write to Brian. Yes, she would tell him after all, her first full story would be all about this night. About how he affected her, about how much she enjoyed reading and fantasizing about him, and she would hope that when he read her story, he too might find he liked her writing. Then she blew a kiss to the bottom of the email, and hit the send button. Now sitting back to await his response to her missive.
 **Part Two: Brian**
Brian was very excited this morning with the anticipation of a response to a recent email he had sent. He had sent an erotic short story he had written to a woman named Gina at the suggestion of her friend Kathy, a woman he had been talking with on the Internet. Kathy had liked his stories and told him that her friend Gina was very interested in erotic writing and she was looking for a man to exchange stories with and she had given him Gina's email address. Brian had taken Kathy's advice and sent Gina an erotic story yesterday and that was why he was so excited this morning on his drive to work, he was anxious to get her response and find out whether she liked his writing.
He pulled into the parking lot and saw that he was not the first one there the business lights were on and the door open. He walked in and said "Good Morning" quickly moving to his desk wanting to turn on his computer and log on to see if he had any email messages. But before he could get there John, one of his employees, stopped him with a question about one of the jobs they were running. The question turned into a long discussion as Brian secretly kept glancing at his cold computer. John kept talking and talking and Brian could not stop the conversation as one thing kept leading to another. Finally after forever had come and gone John was finished and Brian was freed to go to his beckoning computer and turn it on.
As the PC booted and Windows 2000 went through it's agonizingly slow process of configuring his system Brian watched and waited wanting this process to compete so he could log on to his ISP. Then just as the Windows Net Log on message box came up the phone rang startling him with it's shrill suddenness. Since there was only the two of them and John had gone back in the shop area he had to answer the phone himself. All these distractions were driving him crazy he thought as he said "Hello" It was his business associate Mike "Dam" what a time for him to call. All Brian could do now was type in his password and finish the log in process for his computer.
As he did that Mike told him about a new job they had to quote. It was a big job and they didn't have a lot of time, their customer wanted the quote in by this afternoon. Mike needed Brian to work on the electrical systems of this potential job but to do that he would have to drive to Mike's office an hour away. All Brian had wanted to do this morning was check his email to see if Gina had written him and now he was on his way to his friends office to work on a hot job, what a morning. There was no way this was going to be short so he resigned himself to the work he was going to have to do today.
After arriving at Mike's office Brian found that he was right about the amount of work required to work up this quote. He was very busy all day getting only a few minutes to think about where he had a email from Gina or not. Finally they finished their preliminary design and cost estimates and worked up the quote. That finished they typed it, printed it out and faxed it to their customer. That task finished Mike called the customer to see if there were any questions and after a short conversation it was determined that the quote was accepted and they would get back to us within a few days to let us know whether the project was a go or not. After hanging up Mike and Brian decided to go to a local restaurant and have dinner. Brian was still thinking about email but by this time it was to late to go back to his office anyway so he would just have to wait until tomorrow. Hopefully nothing would come up and he would find out if Gina liked his story.
The next morning started off just as bad as the traffic was really bad so Brian's attempts to get in early failed and he ended up being the last one to work. However, after getting in and getting a cup of coffee things turned better and after booting his computer and logging on he was able to log on the net and see that yes he did have email. Brian clicked on his mail box and saw that he had several messages. Most of them were just normal business messages but there was one from Gina (he recognized her screen name). As he clicked on it to open it he was wondering did she like his story or not and what would she write back to him about? As the email opened on his screen and he started to read what she wrote he was pleased to find that she liked what he had written. He continued to read and soon it was apparent that this was more than just an answer, this was a story of her own that she had written. He read and read not wanting to stop her writing was very good and he could not take his eyes from the screen. Brian was really getting in to her writing imagining that he was there in the tub with her and as she wrote about him thrusting into her from behind he could feel his member getting harder and harder.
Brian finished Gina's story and then read it again and then a third time and now he was fully aroused and his erection was very painful as he was contained my his clothes. He thought that he better cool down and stop reading the wonderful story, so he closed out of his ISP and opened up his accounting package and tried to think about sometime else. After just a few minutes he realized that, that would just not work as the hormones flowing through his blood demand satisfaction and his member was still as hard as when he was reading her story. What could he do his employees were here and he couldn't even stand up, at least a woman could hide her wetness when she was aroused. A man, on the other hand, was not able to easily conceal his excitement without a release and that couldn't be done without making an even bigger mess. All this thinking about sex was just keeping him hard but yet he couldn't stop, her words had sparked a need in him that just demanded satisfaction.
Well, there was nobody between him and the john right then as he could see the door from where he was so he could go in the john and do as Gina had done in her story she had written for him. He had never done that here at work and so even that thought keep him in an excited state. Well, why not it worked for her it would work for him. He stood up, all most, as his erection was really hard and he just couldn't stand up all the way it hurt to much. There was still nobody in sight so he shuffled the fifteen or twenty feet to the john and quickly closed the door, nobody had seen him and of that he was glad because it would have been very hard to explain his bent over shuffle.
Once he was inside he unzipped his pants but his erection was such that he was having trouble getting it out so instead he undid his belt and dropped his pants, then quickly pulled his underpants down freeing his expanded member and Ohhhhhhhh did that feel good to be free of the painful restraint. He now found it very easy to think of Gina with her back to him in the shower. Water streaming down her body and her legs spread out as far as they would go in the confined space they were in. Then just as in her story, he imagined her bending over presenting her sex to him and as he grabbed his member with his hand he pretended it was Gina's moist softness that folded around him not his own hand. Brian imagined her pushing back into him as he pushed back driving himself in her. Ahhhhhhhh, Yessssssss that felt good very good and again he imagined her pushing back into him and not just his hand. His imagination now got hold of him and he dreamed he was thrusting into her again and again as his hips smacking into her ass. Thrust "SMACK" thrust "SMACK" thrust "SMACK" again and again they moved against each other, and Ohhhhhhhh did it feel good.
Now he reached around and grabbed her large breasts squeezing each of her nipples with his fingers as they each moaned with the pleasure of their intense joining. Brian was lost in the excitement now as all his sense were driven my his lust and now their movements increase their tempo so that there was just one loud noise: as the sound of water running, the smacking of their bodies, and the moans of pleasure that escaped from their lips joining into a melody of pleasure. It was the sound of ecstasy one that filled them to their core as in entered them and filled them adding to the intensity of the feelings coursing though them. It built and built with each thrust and stroke until there was nowhere for it to go but explode out in one last Oh Godddddddd GINA. Then they were both moaning as they had never moaned before as the intense pleasure in their loins escaped out from both their lips and then they both came at the same time.
Brian was trenched with sweet as his senses slowly returned then a loud knock on the bath room door brought him back al the way quickly. Someone wanted in so quickly he composed himself as best he could and weakly said "Just a minute, I'm almost done."
Someone said "All right, but hurry."
He looked down and saw that he had cum on the toilet and most of it was inside but not all. Quickly he started to dress pulling his under pants up over his now quickly retreating member and then getting his pants back up. Now he had to clean up the incriminating evidence and wash his face and dry up all while still trying to finish calming down. He was still shaking from the experience and he was hesitating to open the door as it was still obvious, at least to him, what had just happened. He tried one more time to calm himself then flushed the toilet and opened the door.
Nobody was there, thank you for small favors, and so he quickly walked to his desk and sat down. What an experience, he had to write Gina and tell her what had just happened, so he opened up his ISP and started writing to her about what had happened. As he wrote he wondered what would she write back and would she like his response.