CAROL, MOM & ME
CHAPTER 99

I hope that those who have been following this series of chapters have enjoyed it.

There HAS been a problem with a FEW jerks here at ASSTR that have seen fit to send me many virus loaded emails.
THAT is why I have stayed away from entering the newest chapterS. Aside from being quite ill for a while.

I am taking a chance once more, that maybe common sense will prevail, and the poison emails will cease.
Its a lousy thing to do to ANYONE.

Please write and let me know what you think of this series, or how I should bring it to a finality????

A new note for those following the series, there seems to be a problems lately with the Republican.com email address. I was in the middle of reading someone's response, and all my saved emails disappeared for some reason. Including the one that I was just reading...even before I could respond. So I would appreciate if those people would resend their critigue to:

TSMITH3680@YAHOO.COM
Thanks,

SCORPIO


CAROL, MOM & ME 
CHAPTER 99

   When Carol & mom came home, I had been dozing off on the deck.
Carol was excited and said she had found a beauty shop that was for sale.
She already had a lot of experience doing hair for mom and the other girls.
Had courses in in all that girl stuff in school.

She wanted to buy the place and run it herself...maybe with Lisa or Nikki too.
 I can call it Carol's Curly Cuts or something like that she laughed.
She seemed genuine happy at the prospect of having a beauty shop.

   Well, let me and dad look into some details for you, I said.
Will you Billy? Yeah, no problem.
She told me the address and I was familiar with places quite near the shop.

I can even do haircuts for guys too, Billy!
Oh, I can see it now, I said....Shave, haircut and handjob $10.
Well....maybe $9.99 on sale, she laughed.

Mom likes the idea Billy.
Mom had gone in the house to get dinner ready.
Carol decided to have a quick swim, then and there taking off her shorts and blouse.
She dove in the pool naked and urged me in.

C'mon, Billy. Feel me up in the water. I like it.

I smiled at her and then jumped in.
Her hands reached down and cradled my balls under the water as she leaned forward for a kiss.
Her tits bobbing between us.
I noticed that her nipple seemed to heal quite well now, as the sun shone brightly on it.


I hugged her close and told her how nice I liked her's and mom's blowjob earlier.
It's fun doing it for you Billy. I love feeling your cock shoot in my mouth.
I love tasting your pussy when you cum too, I said.

Want some now Billy?
No, later babe. Nikki was here a little while ago and sucked me dry.
Damn her, Carol said. Just for that I should go over there and suck Dan dry on her.

He'd love that.

Billy, let's you and me go in and fuck mom and dad again tonight. Like we did a while back.
You drag mom down and eat her, and I'll grab dad's cock and suck his brains out!
Then we can fuck them both.

Damn, hon, that sounds like a plan.
I owe mom anyway for that nice blowjob earllier.

OK, we'll wait til just after they go to bed.
I was almost behind her now and cradled her tits in my hands. Kissing her neck.
When we get done with mom and dad, I'll spend the rest of the night in your bed with you, OK.

Oh, Billy, that would be great. We can fuck all night.
I'd love to wake up with your cock still in me, Billy.

What about Lisa? Is she coming tonight. No hon. She called just before you got home and said that she wants to spend tonight with jimmy. Last night was with her father.
She said its been a while since her and Jimmy fucked, and he seems pretty depressed lately.
She said she might even call me and let me listen to her fucking and sucking him on the phone.
That would be cool. She did it once before when she fucked him and then again when she was being sucked by her father. Mom and me were listening to the whole thing and then mom sucked me while Lisa was cumming.

OOOOHHH How fucking hot!
Her tits felt so nice in my hands as I continued to caress and massage them. She always liked this.
Her head was back on my choulder enjoying it, when mom called out and said dinner would be ready in about ten minutes.
Just then, dad pulled in the drive.

We climbed out of the pool and put on deck robes and went in to eat.

Carol excitedly told dad about her idea for the beauty shop, and using the money all the guys gave her for it.
I mentioned to dad that both of us could check it out in the morning. He agreed. Thought it would be a good idea for Carol. having a little business of her own.
I'll help her out too, Jim, mom said.

Just then, Nikkin knocked at the kitchen door to invite us over to their deck for a drink.
Come as you are....everything is set over there.

We were finished with dinner anyway. We all threw the dishes in the sink and followed Nikki.
Carol was busy telling Nikki all about her idea for the shop on the way into their yard.

   Yeah, I can do hair. I'd be glad to help you out, Nikki said.

Can we call it SEX & SCISSORS? Nikki laughed.
Maybe we can do vasectomies on the side, Nikki laughed.

Dan seemed happy to see us. Mom gave him a nice kiss as did Carol.
How's "OUR" grandbaby doing in there, dad asked. Nikki smiled and placed her hands on her stomach. Not showing at all yet. But he's in there, for sure.
Nikki saw mom eyeing Dan, so she sat on dad's lap with a drink for each of them.

I looked at Carol, and she got the message also. It would be mom and Dan, Nikki and dad tonight.
Oh well, we go back to plan B, and I would stay with her in her room tonight.

Dan had put some disks on the player and when mom heard a certain song, she pulled Dan up to dance with her.
It wasn;t long before each of them were gtinding against each other.
Mom's arms around his neck. Nikki and dad were watching them. I saw dad's hand go to Nikki's tit and caress it as he watched mom.
Carol came over and sat on my lap and watched them also.
Soon, Nikki got up and pulled dad with her to dance.

This time, dad's hands went straight to her ass and held her tight to him.
We could see mom's ass gring in circles against Dan.

I knew it wouldn't be long before they would be fucking.

I whispered to Carol that we should leave them all alone. She agreed and we left without them even noticing.
We dashed across the road and hurried up into her room.
I spun her around as we neared her bed and kissed her with passion. Her hands were already busy taking off her robe.
We have all night hon. Slow down.
I want to lick your pussy in return for the nice blowjob.
OOOOHHH Billy.....
I eased her back on the bed and knelt down between herlegs and began to lick and nibble her inner thighs and suck them gently. I stayed away from her inviting pussy deliberately.
I nibbled her crotch on each side of her pussy lips, and told her to play with her tits while I sucked her cream.

She was moaning softly as I licked her whole pussy and surrounding  area.
This is what you get for sucking my cock, I said.

OOOHHH Billy, I love it. Suck me brother.
Lick my aching cunt.

I licked and chewed her trimmed mound and slid my tongue over and over her clit. My fingers spreading her pussy lips open.

Her hips rose and fell as I sucked  & licked her.
I watched her hands grasping at her tits.

Just then, mom came in the room. 
OOOOHHH You guys are already having fun, huh?
I was just going to ask if you wanted to join Dan and me in my room, that's all.
You don;t have to....
Let Billy make me cum first mom, Carol said. Mom smiled and said OK.
Later, and she went back to her room.
Now, my hands went up and down Carol's sides and up to her hands on her tits as I licked her pussy.
Her legs spread wide, humping my face. 
I loved her taste. I loved her reactions to my licking and sucking.
OOOHHH Billy....suck me right there, yes, right there....OOOOHHHH...Here it is Billy....suck me, suck meeeeeee.
Her body stiffened as I licked her. I could taste her juices flowing, and lapped them. I sucked her clit now, and made her moan louder.
I rode out her cum with my mouth glued to her tightly.

I tongued her  whole pussy softly as she finally came down from her cum.

Oh Billy, it was nice. I really let go this time.
Fuck me now Billy. Stick your hard cock in me and fuck the shit out of me....
Well, let's join mom and Dan, and then we can fuck. OK?
OK, yeah, but let's hurry. I want your cock in me.
She sat up now, and reached for my cock as I stood there, and she sucked it. Wait hon, I said. Let's go in with mom and Dan. They'll enjoy watching us fuck along with them.
Yeah, OK.

Mom was on her back as Dan leaned over her, sucking her tit and caressing the other. Her hand was rubbing through his hair.
Her legs were spread  and inviting.
I couldn't help it, but knelt there immediately and started to lick mom's pussy as Dan sucked her tit.
Carol sat on the bed next to Dan and was reaching for his cock, as he lay almost on his side, at an angle from mom.

Carol was watching me licking mom now, as I saw her lower her mouth to Dan's cock. Both of us watching each other's eyes as we each sucked and licked.

Mom and Dan were busy watching both of us eating and sucking them.
I pushed mom's legs back and spread her wider and really sucked and licked her.
I tongue fucked her and sucked her clit as she moaned. Dan had leaned down to kiss her as she still moaned..
I wanted her cum.
I wanted my mother's juices in my mouth.
I really wanted to give her this pleasure.

Dan now sucked her tit as he watched me suck mom.
Carol was still busy making HIM moan with his cock deep in her mouth.

I concentrated on sliding my tongue in and out of mom's hole as deep as I could. Tongue fucking her with all my love.
Her hips were rising and falling rapidly as she moaned.
Her juice was flowing now, and I lapped it up.
Carol was making Dan  come near the edge of cumming now, and he turned flat on his back while she really got into sucking him.
My hands went to mom's tits and I squeezed them firmly as I sucked the last of her orgasm from her.
This was my mother. I wanted to please her. Wanted to feel and share her orgasm.
Sharing this wonderful sex with her.
Now, she collapsed back down on the bed as her orgasm finally subsided.
I licked her pussy softly, as I did for Carol, until she was back on earth.

Carol's ass was raised as she still sucked Dan to a cum. I got behind her on the bed and slid my rock hard cock in quickly and fucked into her hard.

I rammed and rammed her quickly as she sucked him. My eyes locked with mom's in her glow of her cum. Watching me fuck Carol. Finally she turned and kissed Dan as Carol drew him into a hard cum. Her hand and mouth working quickly on his spurting cock.

Mom's pussy glistening from my mouth work.
Her hand was massaging her mound as she looked into my eyes.
My own cock was buried deep in Carol as I felt her shiver. I could feel her body gulping Dan's cum as he shot spurts into her mouth, moaning loudly.

Soon, I couldn't hold back as I hoped, and started to shoot deep in her pussy. Milking, squeezing my cock. That wonderful velvet channel of hers.
I exploded with the excitement around me. Watching mom  kissing Dan hard.
Carol stroking his cock for his last drops of cum...
Carol and I laid next to them now, resting.
Dan was in the middle of mom and Carol.
His cock being stroked softly by mom as they both lay on their backs also.

You got his cum before I could Carol, mom said.
Yeah, but you were busy cumming too.
Mom laughed. Yes. My son surely knows how to make me cum.
It was nice Billy, mom said over all three of them.

Mom had managed to get Dan's cock hard again in a short time by casually massaging it.
I could see her hand urging him to mount her and fuck her.
Her other hand was still sliding up and down her slit.
I reached over and caressed Carol's heaving tits, and then leaned over her and kissed her.
Her hands holding my head gently, and then one hand slid down to grip my half hard cock.
I knew she wanted me to fuck her again.
Dan was now moving on top of mom, as she spread her legs for him.
Its a nice pussy there Dan. Treat it well. I will, he said, and slid into mom.
She moaned as she felt his cock go in, and again, her eyes looked over at me as he began to fuck her.
Then her arms went around him and she turnewd to enjoy their fucking together.

I pulled Carol up now, and we left to go back into her room.
The soft sounds of mom's moans as Dan fucked her.
I was almost jealous.
Especially knowing how wonderful mom's pussy felt with my cock in it. I knew Dan would be satisfied.
























