He obeyed as commanded, kneeling before the mech, saying, “Yes, Master,” and lowering his optics to the floor.

Megatron had worked the mines for as long as he could remember. He was well-built for it, large, strong, but in the last few orns he had been experiencing an unusual heat and pain in his circuits. It had finally gotten irksome enough that he told his supervisor.

There was a flash of fear as his master stepped closer, then that heat intensified. Was he defective? Megatron knew what happened to defective slaves. It wasn’t pleasant, and was certainly not what he wanted.

“I hear you have been having some new… sensations lately.”

“Yes, Master,” Megatron murmured.

“Good. I’ve been waiting for you to mature to this point.”

Surprise overrode all else for a moment, and Megatron’s optics shot up, meeting the glowing blue of his owner’s.

His master chuckled, fingers grazing Megatron’s cheek. “I’m going to enjoy this,” he murmured. Then, voice stronger, commanding, he said, “Kneel beside that berth.”

Megatron had been in a number of cave-ins and rather harrowing catastrophes, and had merely done his part, working to save their lives, and clean the mess. Fear rarely touched him, but he was trembling with it as he obeyed. He didn’t want to be deactivated, and he didn’t want to be punished for something he had no control over. He despised that.

His master stepped behind him. “Spread your knees further apart, and lay across the berth.” Megatron obeyed, flinching as a hand moved over the armor between his thighs. Something clicked, and the panel there retracted. “You will not move unless I tell you to.”

“Yes, Master.”

Hands stoked and pet along Megatron’s back and hips, and heat spiraled through his body stronger than ever before. He held still, trying to keep his respirations calm as those same hands gripped his hips, and something bumped against him where the panel had been.

Then there was nothing but pain, and Megatron hearing his own screams for the first time in his life.

Through the stabbing pain he could hear his master’s voice. Words Megatron didn’t quite understand, grunts and moans. That voice behind him suddenly became deep, smooth, weight pressed down against his back, and the pain dulled.

“Megatron,” Prime purred into his audial, hips rolling, spike gliding across internal sensor nodes, banishing the last of the pain. Megatron bit back a moan. “Megatron.” Prime’s voice was low and raw.

“Megatron!”

Megatron’s optics snapped open. He snarled, turning to glare at his new master through the energy barrier of his cell.

Prime sighed, and Megatron could imagine he was frowning in irritation behind that damn battlemask. “Why are you still in this cell?”

Megatron reset his optics, then laughed. Fragging slave programming, of course Prime wouldn’t understand. The fool was practically a youngling still, at least compared to Megatron. But then who wasn’t? “You did tell me to not even think about escaping.” He chuckled again, covering the rage for now. Prime’s confusion was amusing. “Do you know how boring it’s been in here? I’ve been unable to even fantasize about breaking out.” Or a rescue for that matter, but Megatron was not about to comment on the need to be rescued from anything.

Prime’s frown was back. “What game are you playing now, Megatron?”

He rose, angry, and strode to the barrier. “I assure you, Prime, this is no game.”

“Then what is it?”

Megatron glanced past Prime, resisting the order for a moment. The programming only required he obey, so long as he intended to, he could stall the incapacitating pain. He glared at the two Autobots by the door.

“I’m waiting,” Prime growled, and Megatron was compelled to answer.

“I must obey you,” Megatron grit out, optics shifting back to Prime.

Ironhide laughed, and Prime pinched the bridge of his nose. “And why must you obey me?” Prime asked with another sigh that clearly stated he didn’t believe it.

“Because I am your slave.”

Ironhide laughed harder. “I didn’t know there was anyone left with that programmin’!”

Prime looked over at Ironhide, body tensing. “What?”

“Let me comm Ratch,” Ironhide said. “He can confirm it.”

“This is some elaborate hoax. You’re making it up, and Ironhide has been spending too much time with the twins if he’s willing to play along.” Prime paced a bit shaking his head.

Megatron snarled. “Oh yes, poor Optimus Prime. Pity him now that his most powerful adversary is completely at his command.” Megatron’s fists clenched, and he fought the wave of hatred. He needed to remain composed. Things could be worse. Prime was a soft-sparked do-gooder of a fool. There were ways around the programming. Prior experience taught Megatron that he was only compelled to obey the orders given at face value. Speech was full of idioms. Loopholes could be exploited. Masters could be manipulated.

Prime stopped pacing as the brig door opened. Ratchet entered, and ignored the still smirking Ironhide. “Order him to answer me honestly,” Ratchet said to Prime.

Prime blinked, and Megatron shook his head, going back to sit on the cell’s berth. He pushed the anger down, and settled into a comfortable sprawl, knowing the image would look confident, insolent for a slave, but Megatron had not been given any orders yet on how to scrape and bow. Until then, he would treat this cell as he would his own ship. He was lord and commander, slag the programming!

“Will you answer honestly?” Prime asked.

Megatron smirked, letting that be his answer.

“Primus!” Ratchet swore. He continued in an undertone to Prime that Megatron couldn’t hear, but could guess at.

“You will answer Ratchet honestly.”

Sneering, Megatron purred, “Yes, Master.” Prime’s flinch was very satisfying.

“You were onlined with slave coding?”

“Yes.”

“What happened to set you free?”

“My master was killed in a cave-in through no one else’s design.”

“He had no named heir?” Ratchet asked.

“None that I knew of until after the code went dormant,” Megatron replied, his tone bored.

“What were the circumstances that drove the coding dormant?”

Megatron narrowed his optics at the medic. He was being very specific. The question was why? “Only two other slaves were present when the cave-in occurred. One was offlined when our master was. The other fought me for dominance. I won.”

“Why were you in a cave-in? I know you were a gladiator,” Prime said.

Megatron clenched his jaw. “I was a miner first.”

“Enjoyed that first taste of killin’, huh?” Megatron glared at Ironhide. As if the warrior had any room to talk. Even Megatron had a healthy respect for Ironhide’s battlefield prowess. He was under no compulsion to answer Ironhide, however, so remained silent.

Ratchet put his hand over the cell lock control. “I’ll need you to order him to remain still, and compliant so I can check his systems.”

Prime nodded. “You will not harm Ratchet.” Megatron noted the edge in Prime’s voice. Slave or not, he would recognize the threat should he harm the Autobots’ prize medic. “You will remain still, and let him check you over thoroughly.”

“Yes, Master,” Megatron growled, Prime’s repeated flinch at the term helping him control the fury throbbing in his spark. Proper title it may be, but Megatron resolved to call Prime ‘Master’ at every opportunity just to irritate him.

The containment field was lowered, and Ratchet entered. He must have been pretty certain of Megatron’s condition, given the easy confidence with which he moved.

Something of his thoughts must have shown on his face, because Ratchet smirked at him. “You don’t want me dead,” he murmured, sitting beside Megatron, and connecting himself to Megatron’s medical port. “I know all about that ‘capture, don’t kill’ bounty you have on me.” Megatron forced away the revulsion he felt as the medic moved through his processors. “How’s old Hook doing these days?”

Megatron grimaced despite his efforts. He preferred to let Soundwave tend any wounds that his self-repair couldn’t handle.

“Well, slag me. There it is,” Ratchet said. “Damn, you’re old.” He laughed, shaking his head, and disconnecting from Megatron. “He’s all yours, Optimus.”

“I don’t want him,” Prime replied. Ironhide was laughing again.

Megatron growled. “Oh, believe me, Master,” another flinch, “I don’t want this either.”

“How do I free him?” Prime asked.

“You can’t, Optimus. He’s a slave. He was created as a slave. He has no choice but to obey you now.”

“He must obey me? Whatever I order him to do, he must?”

Megatron rolled his optics, but Ratchet was nodding. “Yeah. And you’re stuck with him too, but I’ll give you more information on why in private.” Ratchet glared at Ironhide. “And you’ll keep your mouth shut about that, or I’ll weld it to your aft.”

Megatron looked back at Prime to see he was watching him with intense optics. “Megatron, I order you to no longer be a slave.”

Megatron heard Ratchet’s shout, but the black closed in before he could respond. He returned to consciousness to the sound of fluent cursing that curiously matched his own thoughts, but were not spoken in his voice.

Megatron opened his optics, and saw Ratchet above him. Above…? Oh, yes. He was lying on his back on the cell floor. At least the convulsions had stopped.

Searching and finding his idiot master, Megatron pulled his best ‘you’re a complete moron’ scowl and said, “That’s called a paradox, Prime! And there are faster, easier ways to kill me. Just order me to rip out my own spark already, and be done with it!”

Blue optics shot wide. “No! No, don’t kill yourself. In fact you’re not allowed to kill yourself. Ever!”

Megatron wasn’t the only one staring at Prime like he’d lost his mind, which Megatron was sincerely beginning to wonder about. He snorted, half amusement, half derision. “As you wish, Master.”

“And stop calling me that!”

He grinned. Was Prime losing his cool? Megatron snickered despite the ripple of discomfort punishing him for not acknowledging the order, but it dissipated as Prime pinched the bridge of his nose again.

“Call me ‘Prime’, or even ‘Optimus’, but not ‘master’.”

“Of course, Prime,” Megatron said, doing his best to make it sound the equivalent of ‘master’.

Prime sighed, but instead of debating, asked, “If I order you to never harm another Autobot again,” Megatron rolled his optics, ignoring the tweak Ratchet gave a sensor node in reproach, “can I trust you and this slave coding of yours enough to let Ratchet repair your battle damage?”

“You can order anything you like, Prime, and I must obey.” Megatron paused a moment. “Though I am curious why you would have me repaired.” He was pushing, but reminded himself that other than the order not to call him ‘master’, Prime had not given any rules of conduct relating to Megatron’s renewed slave status.

“Autobots don’t mistreat our toys,” Ratchet murmured. The dig stung far more than the repairs to his charred circuitry, and Megatron reined in a growl, refusing to show the shot had scored a hit.

Unaware, or perhaps ignoring his medic’s comment, Prime said, “Then I order you to never harm another Autobot again. Nor any of our allies.”

“Yes, Prime.”

Prime winced. “Take him to the medbay. Megatron, you will obey Ratchet until I come for you.”

“Yes, Prime.”

Megatron followed Ratchet, hearing as Prime ordered his officers to their meeting room. ‘Toy’ echoed around his mind. Prime may not know just how true that was yet, but he would learn. And frag the pain. Megatron would resist the need as much as possible. He had come too far to ever be reduced to begging his master to let him overload again.