Reinette looked over her shoulder at where the Doctor was watching them both; her astride his rival, the man who called himself 'Master.' "Men," she said. "Such feelings between you."

"I didn't ask for this," he said softly.

"I did," the Master said beneath her, breath coming in pants. "And whoo, am I ever glad I did!"

Reinette smiled and leaned forward slightly. The Doctor leaned in, almost involuntarily, and she grabbed his hand lightning-quick. "Come here, Doctor," she said. "You're a part of this already."

"Oh, I--"

She leaned further forward, brought the Doctor's hand down and back, around the curve of her arse to her wetness. The Master made a sound not unlike a squeak when he felt the Doctor's fingers against his prick.

"Come now, Doctor, indulge me," she said, and let his hand go.

For a moment, she thought he might pull away, but then she felt him matching her rhythm, sliding his fingers along the Master's cock. When one long digit slipped inside her she gasped, then moaned. This was good.

"Ohhh," the Master said, "That's... interesting."

She couldn't see the Doctor's face, but she imagined his serious expression as he worked a second finger in tight, up along the length inside her and pressing all the secret spaces inside. She gasped and pushed back onto his hand.

With a tug he pulled back and she cried out at the brief cold before he pressed against her back, still mostly clothed, but--ah. Good. She felt the head of his prick nudging against her opening, at the base of the Master's cock.

"Doctor..." the Master said as Reinette leaned forward. "Are you entirely..."

"Quiet," the Doctor said. "Reinette, all right?"

"Oh, yes," she said.

"Good," he said, and pushed his hips forward.

Even trying to expect it, even with his fingers beforehand, she yelped at the girth of it, the stretching as he lined himself up with the Master inside her. She exhaled in harsh pants and closed her eyes against the pain, knowing it would end, telling herself no woman was ever born that couldn't stretch enough to bear a child in any case, so this--

"Oh. Rassilon." the Master panted beneath her.

And that, she thought, smirking despite herself, was worth it. She tilted her head back to see the Master staring at the ceiling, eyes wide and unfocused, mouth slack. As the Doctor's hips nestled against hers and his cock pressed the Master's fast against the pleasure centers of her body, the Master's eyes fluttered closed again.

After a few breaths, the pain was gone, the pressure delicious. "Doctor?" she asked quietly.

"Yes?"

She smiled and rocked her hips gently, feeling the Master's breath catch. "Move with me," she said, feeling the sliding of alien flesh against flesh inside her. "I want to watch him utterly lose control."