Entry tags: 

alternate reality bites, spike/xander

Alternate Reality Bites (6/8)
Title: Aternate Reality Bites 
Chapter: 6 of 8 
Pairing: Spike/Xander 
Rating: NC-17 
Disclaimer: I'm not Joss 
Summary: Xander begins to have some disturbing dreams about a less successful life. 
A/N: This fic is complete and I'll be posting it over the next 3 days. It takes place in the Biteverse, but can be read on its own right even if you haven't read the rest of the 'verse. For spring_with_xan . 
Credits: I'm grateful to sentine for the wonderful banner and to silk_labyrinth for the fantastic beta work!

Previous chapters here.

Six

Wesley was staying at a cheap motel, the kind where people cooked meth in the bathrooms and hookers went wobbling across the parking lot and knife-wielding drunks chased their girlfriends. But he had a car, an elderly Ford Focus with mismatched doors and a cracked windshield. So he and Xander negotiated a deal—Wesley could sleep on Xander’s couch, and in turn he’d chauffeur Xander to and from work. The arrangement worked out pretty well. Wes had a laptop, too, and he spent his days on the internet, trying to find some way to get home. In the evening they talked, comparing the versions of their worlds. Wesley’s was a lot stranger than Xander’s, yet Xander found himself yearning for it. At least there he was someone, he had someone.

Xander had never had a roommate, and if he had, he probably wouldn’t have picked a crazy English guy. But he found himself enjoying the company, and even if Wesley’s stories were pretty wild, they were interesting to listen to.

“So if Spike was with you guys in LA and Xander was in Africa, how did they hook up?”

“I have no idea.” They were sitting on the couch, neither of them watching the basketball game that was on the TV. “I don’t even know how Spike survived the fight with Wolfram & Hart. It was looking pretty grim.”

“Maybe someone stepped in to help. Witch Willow, maybe.” Xander tried to picture the Willow he’d known in high school doing magic, and couldn’t. She’d been a pretty practical girl.

“I doubt it. Angel had alienated them fairly thoroughly. They didn’t trust him.”

“Well, occasionally souled vampire, yeah, I can see why the trust would be difficult.”

“Yes, it would be,” Wesley said, and he looked so overcome with sorrow for a moment that Xander patted his shoulder. Wesley gave him a small, grateful smile.

“Um, your Xander. Was he always gay?”

“I know he dated girls. Cordelia, for instance.”

Xander nearly choked. “”Cordelia? Cordelia Chase?”

“Yes. In high school.”

“Cordelia Chase would have rather bought her clothes at Wal-Mart than go out with me.”

Wes shrugged. “You two apparently found some…chemistry. And then later, I understand Xander was engaged to a girl called Anya. She used to be a vengeance demon. But the wedding was called off.”

A vengeance demon? Somehow, that was more believable than Cordelia, so Xander didn’t question it. “Your Xander’s seen a lot more action than me. Maybe I’d get luckier in a world with demons in it.”

“Perhaps. I wasn’t all that fortunate in love myself.”

Xander remembered what Wes had told him about that girl and how she’d been possessed somehow by a god. Wes hadn’t said as much, but Xander had the fairly strong impression that Wes had had it bad for Fred. But that gave him a thought. “Have you tried looking for Fred here?”

Wesley frowned. “Yes. She was one of the first…when I’d realized what had happened to me. She’s a professor at the University of Texas in Tyler. She’s becoming quite well known in her field, I believe. She’s married and she has a young son.”

“Did you…did you ask if she can help you?”

“No. She went through so much in my world, and here…here she’s happy. I let her be.”

Xander nodded and for a while he watched the men in shorts run back and forth across the court, their shoes squeaking the whole time. And then something else occurred to him. “You came to see me because of that dream you had, or vision, or whatever.”

“Yes.”

“Why didn’t you look for Spike? You knew him a lot better than you knew me, right?”

“Xander, in this world, the man who would have been Spike was born in the 1850s. He’s been dead a very long time.”

For no reason, Xander’s stomach clenched. “Oh.” He picked at a small fray in the fabric of his jeans. “I thought maybe he was your ticket out of here instead of me.”

Wesley grew very still. Then he turned and grabbed Xander’s shoulders. “Of course! You’re a genius!”

“Now, there’s a sentence nobody’s ever said to me before. Unless they were being ironic. Or sarcastic. I’m a little fuzzy on the difference between the two.”

The other man ignored his babble. “A person cannot physically pass from one reality to another if his counterpart is alive in the other world. If he were to try, it would cause all sorts of temporal-spatial anomalies…possibly destroy one or both worlds.”

“Well, that’s bad.”

“And if his counterpart is not alive, he could pass over, but then he’d be stuck. It’s a one-way journey.”

“Also bad.”

“But if the person were dead in both worlds…as I am…he might be able travel both directions. The fact that I lack a body in my original world keeps me from doing it by myself. But if the deceased person did have a physical presence….”

“So, what? You want to try to catch a ride back home on a cadaver?”

“Not a cadaver. A vampire.”

Xander scratched at his neck as he took a few moments to mull this over. “Okay. So how do you lure a vampire to this world?”

Wesley grinned. “Perhaps with a man who has been described as a demon magnet.”

***

For once, Xander woke up in his own bed, in the arms of his own vampire. “You were calling my name, love.”

“I missed you. The other Xander’s never met you—he’s not even into guys—and he still misses you.”

“I expect that’s the bit of him that’s you, Xan.”

“Maybe.” Xander didn’t want to think about the whole duality thing. It made his head hurt. “But he’s really lonely.”

Spike clutched him closer. “Don’t like to think of a lonely Xander, even if he’s not really you.”

“Hmm.” Xander squirmed around so he was facing Spike, and he looked into that familiar, beloved face. He didn’t have to say anything. He could keep his mouth shut and Spike would never know, and life would go on just fine. Except Xander would be haunted for the rest of his days by the thought of stranded Wesley.

He reached up and traced his fingertips over Spike’s cheekbone, then over the scarred eyebrow. “Wesley had an idea,” Xander said very quietly.

Spike waited.

“He thinks maybe a vampire could fetch him somehow. But that doesn’t have to be you, does it? Angel could do it. He’s the one who got Wes all tied up with Wolfram & Hart to begin with.”

Spike kissed Xander’s forehead.

Xander let Spike tell the story this time, while Xander sat in one of the library chairs, glaring at the wall. Angel, of course, volunteered to go, even though Kyna’s lips thinned and her eyes hardened. But after an hour or so of especially frenzied book-consultation, during which Xander had silently chanted, Not Spike, not Spike, not Spike, Giles had crowed in triumph and then shook his head.

“It has to be Spike,” Giles said.

“Of course,” said Spike. “Who wants an interdimensional pouf?”

Giles rolled his eyes. “It has to be Spike because he’s closely tied emotionally to Xander. And Xander’s connection with the other Xander will provide the means for Spike to travel.”

Xander exploded. “I don’t understand any of this bullshit! Give me something to build, something to bite, that’s fine. This alternate universe crap is stupid!”

Giles stood and walked over. He pulled a chair closer to Xander so that they were facing one another and he took off his glasses. “Xander, you and your counterpart form the two ends of a bridge that connect dimensions. Humans, if they tried to traverse that bridge, would be destroyed or they’d be caught on the other side. Most vampires, including Angel, would…well, get lost. They would never find their way to the opposite side, nor would they find their way back.” Xander glanced at Kyna, who was listening intently, grimly. “But Spike could travel safely, because you two are intimate.”

“So if I fucked Angel he could go instead?” Xander said angrily.

Spike growled and Angel made a face.

But Giles shook his head. “That’s not what I meant. Yes, you two are certainly, erm, physically close. But I meant emotionally. Spike knows you, doesn’t he?”

Spike nodded gravely.

“Spike could cross the bridge and then lead Wesley back. And then the bridge could finally be destroyed, and you would stop having these visions.”

It all sounded so logical, so simple. Xander scowled and crossed his arms on his chest.

Angel approached them both. “What happens if Spike does drag Wes back? Wes is dead. Does he end up a ghost? Does he…I don’t know...ascend to heaven?”

“We can make him a body,” Lindsey said. He’d been sitting on the couch the whole time, massaging his legs. “The firm did that now and then. They did it for me. You end up in the same physical condition you were when you died, more or less, but you’ve got a meat jacket again. The magic’s not that hard.”

Xander looked down at his hands. They were calloused, and there was a scab on the back of his right hand from when Spike had decided to put a very cold hand down the back of Xander’s jeans while Xander was working, and the putty knife Xander had been using had slipped a little. Spike had licked and sucked at the tiny wound, his eyes shining the way a cat’s eyes shine in the dark, and Xander had let Spike throw him down on the floor and fuck him right then and there, with the handle of the putty knife digging into Xander’s back. “It’s not fair,” he almost whispered.

Spike had been standing nearby. He knelt beside Xander’s chair and clasped their hands together. “It never is, love.”

***

Xander gasped and watched as his sweat dripped down onto Spike’s straining body. Spike’s head was thrown back, the cords of his neck standing starkly, his face clenched in what appeared to be exquisite agony. “Harder,” Spike said. “Hard…oh, fuck, Xan…like that…Xan…Xan…Xan….” Chanting Xander’s name like a prayer or a spell.

Xander didn’t have the breath to say anything at all, at least anything more coherent than a wild cry that sounded more than a bit like a howl. His hips were pistoning and he felt like he was so deeply inside his lover that he might be swallowed whole. And that wasn’t a bad thing.

“Bite!” Spike said, his voice hoarse and broken.

Xander didn’t have to be told twice. He wouldn’t have been able to resist the temptation much longer anyway. As his lower body still moved rapidly, Xander unlocked his elbows and collapsed onto Spike’s chest. He grabbed Spike’s hair and then sank his teeth into ivory skin, just above Spike’s jutting collarbone.

Spike yelled. Xander felt the rush of room-temperature liquid against his own stomach, felt Spike clench around him. As the salty taste of his own sweat and Spike’s blood filled his mouth, Xander juddered and froze and climaxed.

They stayed stuck together, Xander’s soft cock still inside Spike, for a long time, until they were both almost asleep. Spike sucked lightly on Xander’s neck and ran his hands up and down Xander’s back, making Xander’s over-sensitized nerves twitch. “You’re bloody good at shagging,” Spike said when Xander finally withdrew and rolled off, to flop bonelessly at Spike’s side.

“Practice makes perfect.”

“Yeah?” Spike reached over to play with Xander’s nipple. “You’re not perfect yet. Perhaps we ought to practice some more.”

Xander tried to laugh and groan at the same time. “Just…give me five minutes, okay?”

“We have to be downstairs in fifteen, love, or they’ll all come marching up here.”

Xander thought about being interrupted by Giles when in the middle of…in the middle of Spike. He shuddered. “Okay. Three minutes, then.”

***

Magic made Xander itchy, and it smelled funny. He wanted to reach up and scratch his nose, but Spike was holding tightly to one hand, and Xander’s other hand was clutching what looked like a blob of melted blue glass, but which Giles had insisted was some kind of mystical talisman thing. The floor was hard underneath him, and he wondered how difficult it was going to be to remove the paint from it. He understood that enchantments often required special symbols and marks, but did they have to be made in the lobby, where he’d just recently spent days restoring the tile? He remembered when Willow had stuck Angel’s soul on permanently; at least this time, Xander and Spike hadn’t been required to take their clothes off.

Giles and Lindsey were sitting on the round seat, squinting together at a huge book that was opened across both their laps. That didn’t give Xander much comfort; it was like seeing a surgeon consulting an anatomy text just before they wheeled you into the OR. He really wished they had decided to wait until Willow was available, but Spike had been anxious to get the whole thing over with and Giles had been worried that, over time, Xander’s connection with the other world would either disappear or become permanent, and neither of those was a good thing.

Angel was standing awkwardly nearby, his face set in its usual brooding lines, but Xander knew that underneath the scowl was genuine concern for Spike. Plus, Angel had never been happy to be simply a bystander, but there wasn’t much he could do right now. Kyna was pacing. She liked to be in on the action, too, preferably bossing people around.

Xander turned his head to the side to look at his vampire. “Spike, if you get stuck there—”

“I won’t.”

“Yeah, but if you do—”

“Pet, I’ve made my way back from death, from ashes, from hell, from being a bloody ghost. And that was before I had you to come home to. I won’t get stuck.”

Xander felt slightly comforted. “Okay. But promise me: if the impossible happens—because Christ knows it has before—promise me you’ll find someone in that world. I don’t want you by yourself. You don’t do well alone.”

Spike sighed. “Xan, if the impossible happens, if I’m convinced that there’s absolutely no return, I’ll seduce the other Xander.”

Xander felt an odd combination of relief and jealousy. Could you be jealous of yourself? “He’s straight.”

“So were you, once.”

“No. I was bi and in denial. That Xander really isn’t into guys.”

“That’s because he’s never met me,” Spike said smugly. “You couldn’t resist me in this dimension or any other.”

Xander didn’t argue because he wasn’t sure Spike was wrong. Besides, just then Giles came over to loom beside them. “All right,” he said. “The bond should have cemented. Xander, you can place the talisman on the floor now.”

Xander did. His hand was all sweaty and he wiped his palm against his thigh.

Giles said, “The next bit is quite simple. I’m going to put you to sleep, Xander—”

“Not a phrase you want to say to someone who’s semi-canine, G-Man.”

Giles huffed impatiently. “Within a few minutes, the spell should set you into communication with the alternate reality. Spike, as soon as he’s there, you should feel sort of a tug. Don’t resist it; just relax and allow it to pull you along. You should very shortly find yourself with Xander.”

“That’s a few more shoulds than I’d like, Giles,” said Xander.

“Nothing is ever certain with magic. Or with anything else, for that matter. But I’m quite confident.”

That was going to have to be good enough. “Okay, then. Hit me.”

“You do remember how to get back, Spike?”

“I’m not an idiot, Watcher.”

Giles opened his mouth like he might disagree, then shut it. He nodded twice and walked back to Lindsey, who handed him a green plastic bowl. Giles brought the bowl back over with him. From it he removed what looked like a glass salt-shaker, then sprinkled liquid from the shaker onto Spike and Xander. It had a bitter, acidic smell. Next he dropped several pinches of a pleasant-scented herb on them.

“I’m beginning to feel like a side of beef,” Xander said. “Werewolf. It’s what’s for dinner.”

Giles glared at him. “Do be quiet!”

Then there was some chanting in various languages and some waving around of sticks and it was pretty boring, actually, and Xander felt his eyelid growing heavier and heavier and Oh! That was the point, wasn’t it? Sleep came slowly upon him, as if he were sinking gently into quicksand, and everything grew fuzzier, and the last thing he remembered was Spike squeezing his hand.

Chapter Seven