BATTLE MOON: A King Solomon's Mines slash adventure. Part 2 and Epilogue
Title: BATTLE MOON: Part 2 and Epilogue
Fandom: King Solomon's Mines by Henry Rider Haggard
Pairings/Characters: Allan Quatermain/Umbopa-Ignosi. Jim, OC Arab Trader, Camel - Bougwan, OC young Kukuanas including Iqaqa grandson of Infadoo and Mopo a runner, Infadoo.
Rating: A poetic but nonetheless definite NC17
Disclaimer: All Rights Reserved. No copyright infringement is intended and no money is being made.

* * * *

Part 2

Sitanda's Kraal on the river junction had grown in size and importance during my 5-year absence. The village had expanded and a small church with attendant missionary-house built at the far end.

I trudged in one sundown, with Jim the erstwhile companion of George Curtis. I had found him down-on-his-luck and blind drunk in Durban, and taken him on in a moment of weakness. He had sworn he could remember every step of the longer, but easier, route across the desert to the last oasis before Suliman's Berg; and I had been sentimental enough to take him on trust.

"Baas," he said cautiously (for we had had a falling-out over the disposal of the ox-wagon at the trading station in Matabele country), "This place is not as I remember it!"

"True!" I replied shortly, "You must find some bearers to carry the water-gourds for us!"

"Yah, Baas!" he replied hastily, and made himself scarce. I settled in at our camp on the outskirts, for a long wait.

I was thus astounded to find him returning a very short time later with someone else in tow.

"Baas!" he announced excitedly, "This man will sell us a WONDERFUL beast of the desert! It needs no water, but will scent it from afar. It provides shade in the heat of day – AND will carry us and many gourds of water!"

Behind him loomed the figure of an elderly Arab trader, and the supercilious glare of a ragged-looking camel, which spat leisurely in my direction.

"It looks a bad-tempered beast!" I observed.

"No, no, Effendi!" the ancient Arab hastened to reassure me, "I have loved it as my own child! It is tired, heaven-born, that is all!"

A wild ,and anarchic hilarity possessed me. Let all the Gods – mine and Ignosi's – bear me across the barren wilderness on this trickster of a beast!

"Alright!" I said; and fell to haggling like a market wife.

* * * *

Suliman's Berg loomed above us, and the camel – whom I had named Bougwan in honour of Captain Good – spat disparagingly.

"Jim!" I said in English, "Here we part forever! Take this animal and return to the oasis; and thereafter, back to Sitanda's Kraal! I shall climb the steep stair yonder to the place kept for me!"

"Oh, Baas!" he responded, shedding tears, "Don't go rushing after the diamonds! Death follows them …. "

"Diamonds?" I snorted disdainfully, "No, Jim! On this, his final trek, Macumzahn goes to reclaim his heart at last! Farewell!"

As I made solitary camp below the sheer cliff, I could descry him, triumphally atop Bougwan, the spare water-gourds bobbing ludicrously at each side, as the camel made unerringly for the chain of oases that it now knew quite well.

I slept soundly that night; and in the pre-dawn chill began my ascent.

It was as if I were gifted with wings! A scant day's climb – though arduous – brought me to the ridge. I was able, just before night obliterated day in its usual absolute fashion, to make out the dark cleft of the hidden valley below.

I decided I would be unlikely to sleep that night; so awaited the rising of the Moon – just short of Full and therefore perfectly sufficient as regards visibility.

I shouldered my pack and the one rifle I had by way of firearms, and started forward into the cold high-reaches of the mountain range. At least this time I had come prepared for the cold with a rather splendid lion-skin coat (the sole remnant of the brute who had chewed my leg) and a pair of woollen mittens kindly contributed by George Curtis's fiancée.

Thus, as the glory of an African dawn split the sky with gold, I wandered down from the steeps to the stream-washed foothills that overlook the verdant valley-floor of Kukuanaland.

I had sufficient biltong in my pack to be able to break my fast without recourse to the rifle (which had been brought mainly for self-defence).

Striking to my left as the day advanced, I soon hit the ancient road of King Solomon that runs from Suliman's Berg throughout the length of Kukuanaland to that very spot where the Mines can be found.

I, however, had no further interest in its final destination; but rather pressed forward along the road and its attendant stream, in search of the kraal which I knew to lie somewhere north-west of the range.

* * * *

It was mid-afternoon before they caught me! I'd been expecting some form of interception as soon as I began my descent; and indeed, was certain I'd been followed from the start of the tree-line halfway down the mountain.

I'd halted by the stream, and eaten a few strips of biltong – more from habit than real hunger, since my appetite had deserted me even after the necessary privations of the desert-crossing.

Seated with my back against the broad bole of a silver tree, I awaited the customary Kukuana calling-card. SOMEONE – I reasoned – would grow tired of waiting, and cast his tolla – the heavy battle knife.

A streak of silver flashed in the corner of my left eye and whistled past my ear as I inclined my head gently to the right. The thunk of the blade as it embedded itself hardly caused me to startle. It was old news by then.

"Greeting!" I said in the Zulu tongue.

"Why are you here, white man?" sang out a voice from the stand of saplings on the left, "Know ye not that it is death for thy kind to walk here?"

"It is death by decree of Ignosi the King!" I agreed, "And yet, puppy (for the voice had been young), "Did thy sires never tell of Those Three to Whom all ways are open – Incubu; Bougwan; Macumazahn?"

There ensued – after an instant of dead silence – a low muttered debate from my unseen stalkers. The whole group appeared to be bunched behind the saplings. There was no whisper of words behind or to my right. Children, then!

"Say that thou art One of Those Three, white man! Where is thy warranty? What proof dost thou offer?"

"Beyond the Name of the King and my unerring trek towards the kraal yonder?" I indicated down-slope, "What more wouldst thou, Puppy?"

"One might have returned to 'The Stars' and told thee these things!" the young voice wavered, but ploughed on resolutely.

"So they might. But that is a small chance whereon to end the life of a man. Shall I then waste the remains of the day in recounting the tale of The Battle after the Moon was put out? Or how that-dead-one-who-must-not-now-be-named was vanquished by the Axe of Incubu? Such tales are for old grandfathers!"

"Our duty is clear, white man! We – the Young Buffaloes – must do to death any Outlander who strays beyond Sheba's Breasts yonder! Must we risk royal displeasure on the chance that thou art One of Those Three?"

"Bring me before the King - or Infadoo if he still walks the Earth – and if they vouch not for me, do then according to thy custom! In truth, the outcome is all one to me!" I advised indifferently.

"Why speak ye of Infadoo?" the voice hissed.

I smiled. Like all younglings, he could not conceal his pride in his lineage.

"So! Ye spring from his seed, Puppy! I salute thee in the name of thy … Grandsire!"

Another burst of muttering ensued; and finally a dozen young braves appeared from the copse.

Rather than rushing to secure my person, they stood in a row and stared.

"Not Incubu!" remarked one at last, "My father tells that he was a tall man and a broad. With yellow hair and beard."

"Not Bougwan; for he lacks the shining eye and moving teeth!" said someone else.

"And I carry no gifts of fire-sticks that kill from afar!" I added, rising slowly to my feet, "Yet still I am Macumazahn returned. Now I would greet thy King as soon as may be! Wilt thou send a fast messenger to convey greetings, and request that I may journey to Loo of the Kings?"

"Mopo is fastest!" muttered someone dubiously.

"Iqaqa – what sayest thou?"

They all looked at the tall youth at the centre of the line whose resemblance to old Infadoo was quite striking.

"Yes, tell me my fate, Infadoo's house-puppy!" I added my mite.

The boy flushed angrily, taking an incautious step forward. I hastened to make amends.

"Forgive a White Man's faulty speech! I meant but to greet thee as a worthy scion of the House of Infadoo!"

A hoarse crack of laughter answered me from amongst the trees on the right; and Infadoo himself appeared.

"Eish, my Night-Watcher! One day that ready tongue of thine will be thy death! Didst think to pass Suliman's Road unseen, like smoke, or like a ghost?"

I grinned.

"What delayed thee, Infadoo? My feet found the way from the heights a day since!"

"We knew! We knew! The Isanusis of the King's Council saw thee; and I was sent hither with this troop of babes to ensure thy safe arrival, Mopo – GO!"

"No! Wait!" I cried as a youth bounded forward like a leash-slipped hound, "I would have thee bear a gift from Macumazahn to the King!"

Dragging back as if called to heel, Mopo took the long, palm-leaf bound bundle that I held out. As I handed it over, I devoutly prayed that Ignosi had retained his sardonic, double-cultured sense of humour.

The boy received it like a runner's baton; and shot off in leaps and bounds along the line of the Old Road.

"The kraal awaits thee hard by, as before, Macumazahn! Wilt thou honour us with thy presence?"

"Lead on, Macduff!" I muttered.

* * * *

Amply fed on roast mealie corn and ox-thigh, I lay under several karosses in the shadows outside my hut; and contemplated the Moon.

Before I dared to brave its silver light direct, I paused to recapitulate – body, soul and mind.

I was here! I had arrived! Small portions of torn-off soul which had - perhaps – been wandering Elsewhere in this vast Cosmos, scurried back to me like nesting mice.

The night sky mantled me in a vast contentment; and I wished (with sweet, bitter regret) that I could have shown it – just once – to My Boy.

The regret that this would never be, was tinged now with acceptance. After all, it was entirely possible that Harry was hovering in spirit between me and the Moon even now. And if – as I had come to believe – souls might inhabit many bodies on their Journey, then My Boy might yet be encountered – robed anew in fragile flesh – at any point on my Road.

The kaross was warm and soft as silk against my skin. The Moon shed its oblique benison not-yet-directly upon my head.

I sighed happily. I was Home.

* * * *
"Well, Mr Quatermain! So I find you here like a savage, snoring in the face of the Moon! And what – may I ask – is the meaning of this rather blatant gift?"

"Hmmmm?"

I sighed myself blissfully awake into a shadow – Ignosi leaning over me and blotting out the light.

"I came back!" I announced stupidly.

"So I perceive! And sent me an impudent message accompanied by a gift of breathtaking intimacy, by the hand of an innocent child!"

"How did you get here so fast? Loo is two day's march away!"

"Hah, White Man, my far-seers knew of thy coming a month agone! And of thy loss! So first, Macumazahn, I honour the spirit of thine only son and share thy grief!"

"Thank you, Ignosi!"

"It lies heavy on thee still!" he observed dispassionately.

"Less so now that I am here."

I sat up, my upper torso emerging from the tangle of karosses like an elderly caricature of Venus from the foam.

Ignosi, however, appeared not to perceive the irony (or at least, not to mind it) as he hunkered down beside me against the hut to run a large thumb over my left breast.

"Thou wearest it still!" he observed.

I glanced to down to where the ebony ring lay on my chest, now practically inseparable from my flesh.

"It was a binding, as I recall. Thus, even when parted, we remain bound! Is it not so?"

"It is so. But I confess – after thy departure – I doubted the White Man would remember. Forgive me that I had such small trust in thine honour, my Macumazahn."

"We shared blood and seed, Ignosi. That makes us kin the world over, closer than skin or distance. Had I died over the water, still we would be bound!"

He sighed.

"Speak not of that! I would have known; and all the while unable to come to thee!"

The mellow voice was suddenly rough, and I eyed him in wonder.

"This thing means so much to thee? I had thought thou wouldst have many wives by now!"

"Oh, I do, Mr Quatermain, I do! You will recall that one of the Royal Titles is Husband of a Thousand Wives? But – " he reverted suddenly to his native tongue, "What has that to do with thou and I, my Macumazahn?"

So that was how it was to be! I suppressed with difficulty the viridian flames of jealousy that were eating my gut.

Perhaps he guessed, for he shifted from the hut-wall until he knelt before me and, reaching his right hand, delicately inserted the very tip of his little-finger into the ebony ring I wore. I could feel the pad of it, warm against my cold, hard nipple.

It came to me to do likewise with the ivory ring. With my hand splayed across his left breast, I slid my fingertip through the ivory like a hand into a hand, so that it rested lightly over the warm bud, beneath which his heart beat with increasing speed.

"Eish! A new and ever-renewing Circle!" he breathed.

My free hand moved behind his head and, gasping, I dragged him down into a clumsy, glorious kiss. There was nothing within me now except the moonlight and my overmastering desire.

Then my lover freed his lips and spoke.

"And what, Mr Quatermain, is the meaning of THIS?"

Whilst his right hand continued to caress me, his left rose, displaying my gift before my dazed eyes.

"Ah .. yes … well, I found it in Durban, and it seemed … appropriate! I have its dark twin in my travel-pack!" I babbled.

"Is it so?"

Like a shade, he was gone into the hut; and I swore beneath my breath as I rose reluctantly to my feet.

"That – " he said, reappearing with inopportune sharpness of hearing, "is not physically possible! However, THESE indeed have a use! Thy gift is acceptable to the Sire of Two Thousand Black Bull-Calves."

He now held in either hand two fly-whisks, fashioned from elephant-tails shrunk onto handles of ivory and ebony. These latter had been described to me by the dingy old Afrikaans dealer as curiously-carved.

"We shall surely find a home for these, my Macumazahn!" he declared in a low purr like a full-fed leopard, "How fortunate then, that I have brought – this!"

He whipped the covering from an earthenware jar, and I realised suddenly why my hazy memories of our last coupling were so bound up with the scent of honey.

He dipped, and then proffered the dripping ivory rod to me.

"This must find its true home!" he announced, turning to bend his regal back before me.

"I …..?"

"Oh come, Mr Quatermain! Must I do everything myself? Do not fear that you will harm me; and if thou dost – it is Fate!"

Thus adjured in English and Kukuana, I wasted no further time, but slid the ivory home with little resistance. Ignosi let out a long sigh, like an evening breeze amongst the silver-trees.

"Now me!" I said urgently.

He laughed softly.

"So impatient to impale thyself upon thy fate? Well – it was ever so with thee!"

I could not help noticing that, as he stalked stiff-legged towards me, his Erect Member jutted before him like a pennant at a ship's prow. He grappled me close with one arm and reached around me, so that I soon found myself in a similar condition.

Never have I felt so full, so stretched or so on-tiptoe (as it were). Teetering on the brink of almost-pain, almost-ecstasy, and total urgency, I hissed (in not very refined English) for him to get a move on!

"Manners, Mr Quatermain!"

"Manners be damned! I'm channelling my Inner Kukuana!"

"Indeed you are not! My people have a well-defined sense of time and season; and an innate sense of fitness, within the necessities imposed by their ritual cycle! You on the other hand are merely engaged in demanding instant gratification! Be thou patient now! The Moon and the Inkosazana shall dictate the steps of this our dance!"

The Moon smiled providentially from behind a tiny wisp of cloud at that moment. Ignosi, murmuring an incantation in Kukuana, wrapped his powerful forearms around my hips – incidentally trapping my arms at my sides; and with a mighty but effortless rippling of muscle, hoisted me skywards.

My impulse to kick out met only the curve of the hut behind me; and he easily controlled my frantic attempts to free my arms.

"Sutjies, sutjies, my Macumazahn! I might be saddened at thy lack of trust; but I recall that thou art a Hunter! Be assured that Prey thou art not! Merely a Man – flawed, arrogant (I forget not thy treatment when first we met in Durban!), and yet missed these past five years! My heart bounds like the Insephe at thy return, my beloved!"

"Thy agile tongue pricks me in altogether too many languages …. " I began.

But my brain, rational thought, and all language (English, Afrikaans or Kukuana) dribbled into incoherence as his mouth found and engulfed me, even as he held me high. My body, fast-anchored at my hips and balanced only because my feet had become entangled in the thatch of the hut, strained upwards from the waist to wards the revealing Moon. My cry – shrill and desperate as a hunting-jackal – lost itself in that endless firmament, its velvet-blue furred with raw diamonds.

His careful, rope-muscled, warrior's arms lowered me by degrees to terra firma. I sagged bonelessly against him as his arm – sustaining and seeking – snaked around me and gently removed … That!

My knees gave way, and I found myself crouched on a pile of karosses beneath the paleness of a waning Moon, my arms embracing his thighs. I craned forward to where he stood still proud in the dappled shadow. A splayed hand on my forehead thwarted my intent.

"Sutjies!" he murmured again.

I looked upwards along his dark length.

"I'm not sure" I objected in English, "that Afrikaans is the language of love, Ignosi!"

"If there be love, my Macumazahn, ANY language – or indeed, none at all – will suffice! I would breach and enter thee – my kingdom and my Dark Consort – in temporal power, in harmony with the Powers of Earth, and in human love, my Macumazahn!"

"If that be so – then do it, Ignosi!"

His hand on my neck impelled me down to the earth of the Kukuanes. He entered and pierced me; claiming me as he had done the land, with my help, five years ago.

Unbelievably I spilled a second time almost immediately. My head spun and it seemed to me that the land rose around me to make me its own.

And love would seal the bargain. I would nevermore stir from this place or from this man – its King with whom my soul was spilt.

* * * *

Epilogue

Reuters Report 17.00 May 29 2001. Democratic Republic of Okavanga-Zambesi

The Real King Solomon's Mines?

Reports of a major row arising from recent discoveries by a group of archaeologists and anthropologists working in Kukuana Territory have now been confirmed.

The main protagonists appear to be the leaders of the academic group (from the University of South Yorkshire), the Elders of the local tribes-people, and prospectors working for the Da Silvestre-Gemsbok International Mining Consortium.

Professor Harald-Henry Curtis, Head of Archaeo-Anthropological Studies at the University had this to say yesterday –

"We believe that we have stumbled across evidence that proves the truth of the Legend of King Solomon's Mines! Every day brings new and exciting artefacts to light. Yesterday some of our team ventured into the inner cave of the complex under Suliman's Berg; and have uncovered a unique burial chamber holding – we believe – the preserved cadavers of the Kings of the Kukuanes dating back to at least the sixteenth century!"

However, Kukuana Tribal Elders are furious at what they see as a sacrilegious intrusion into their primary sacred place; and have threatened reprisals if anyone disturbs or removes anything from the inner cavern.

In the meantime, Da-Silvestre-Gemsbok alleges that the whole of Suliman's Berg was ceded to its subsidiary, Bougwan Enterprises, during the unsettled period that followed Independence in the late 1960s; and is prepared to go to court to substantiate its claim……..

* * * *

Reuters Report 10.00 June 15 2001. Democratic Republic of Okavanga-Zambesi

Astounding Revelation! More on the 'King Solomon's Mines' Controversy:

Professor Harald-Henry Curtis, Head of Archaeo-Anthropological Studies from the University of South Yorkshire, has claimed that one of the preserved bodies recently discovered beneath Suliman's Berg, Kukuana-Territory here in Okavanga-Zambesi, is that of the legendary hunter and writer Alan Quatermain.

Here is an extended excerpt from his report …..

" …..a natural cave of cathedral-like dimensions, pillared by huge stalactites from which a short passageway led into a dark chamber which had clearly been hand-hewn by humans at some distant time.

"This chamber was set like a conference room, with a massive stone table. At its head, and seemingly presiding, was an artefact the like of which I have never seen before; taking, as it did, the form of a huge human skeleton, at least twice life-size. It had been carved in the act of rising from its place, a spear clutched in one bony hand. The effect was stunning and – I have to admit – a little unnerving even to those members of my team who are accustomed to working with preserved human remains.

"Seated around the table are the mortal remains of thirty humans – kings of the Kukuanes; each preserved by being placed beneath a mineral-imbued water-drip, and slowly petrified!

"Those members of the Kukuana people who had reluctantly consented to guide us hither (the descendants, we were told, of those who traditionally prepared each corpse for its unique preservation), were able to identify some of the bodies; using honorific titles, since it is believed to be death to pronounce the true name of a deceased king.

"It was when they reached the final two figures, those sitting to the left of the colossal skeletal figure that the revelation came. The first one, our guides identified as "He Who Returned From The Stars"; and the second simply as 'The Watcher-By-Night' (Macumazana).

"Our team archivist, recognising the name as a variant of Quatermain's Zulu title, could hardly contain her excitement, and insisted that we take a closer look.

"Because of the advanced state of petrification, it proved impossible to distinguish specific racial characteristics in any of the corpses. Indeed, their facial features were hardly recognisable as such. However, beneath the stone seat of this final corpse was discovered the remains of a leather case, bound securely in dried leaf and wrapped in animal pelt; containing what appears to be a document of some kind. This has been removed from the chamber – against the vigorously-expressed wishes of the Kukuana – for further study.

"There was one singular piece of decoration upon the corpse that was still recognisable. Perhaps because of its composition, this piece had resisted the encroachment of the mineral-bearing water over the years.

"At the point on the body that approximated to the left breast, a small ring of ebony could quite clearly be made out. A close inspection of all the other mummies (if I may so style them) revealed that only the companion-figure – 'He Who Returned From The Stars' – sported a similar body ornament, in tarnished elephant ivory."