The next morning, Gerard pretty much thought about Frank all through his early shift at Hardee's, going over again and again how much of an ass he'd made of himself. By the time he got off of work, he wasn't even sure he wanted to go home and face seeing Frank again. It was like seeing a one night stand again…except that he hadn't even gotten the benefit of sex to make it awkward. Gerard went home anyway, passing out on the couch right away. He was woken up twenty minutes later by a knock on the door.

"Come in," he yelled without thinking.

The doorknob jiggled briefly. "It's locked."

Familiar voice; oh yeah, Frank. Gerard got up and opened the door, and they just stood there staring at each other.

"You gonna let me in?" Frank finally asked.

"Oh, right." Gerard moved aside, cursing himself for acting the fool again. "Are you feeling better?"

Gerard settled himself on the couch, watching Frank as he got to work once again.

"Yeah, man. Headache is pretty much gone after a good night's sleep." Frank glanced over his shoulder, smiling a little.

"Good. Look, I'm sorry about yesterday."

"We've been over this before. No worries. Nothing to be sorry about."

"But I just kind of –"

Frank walked over to Gerard and cut him off with a quick, hard kiss. "I was into it."

He turned back around and went to work. There was a tense silence between them initially, and Gerard had just about got it into his mind to head to his room, when Frank launched into a story about repairing a TV at a sorority. By the end, Gerard could hardly breathe through his laughter.

Frank was fucking hilarious, and also apparently very, very gay. The way he told it, the sorority girls had broken their TV on purpose and made sure that Frank was the one who came to repair it. He pretty much blew off all of their attempts at hitting on him and treated them like they were complete idiots. Which they really kind of were. After the story, the tension dissipated, and they had a semi-normal conversation while Frank worked.

It wasn't until several hours later that Gerard looked at the clock, and he almost couldn't believe what time it was. Frank was just about finished, so he refrained from saying anything about it. When Frank did finish, though, he didn't seem to be in any hurry to leave. He sorta flopped on the couch next to Gerard, like it was something he did every day, like he belonged there.

"So, you wanna make out again, or something?"

Gerard just stared at Frank, sure he'd heard wrong. Things like that were usually prefaced by…well, he wasn't sure what, but something.

"Don't you need to be back at work or something? It's pretty late." Damn, that really wasn't what Gerard had meant to say, especially since he was totally in favor of making out with Frank again.

"Not really. It's my day off." A small smile was playing on his lips as he answered.

"Awesome."

Gerard watched as Frank's hand made its way over to his thigh, gripping tightly as Frank leaned over and kissed him. He kissed back after only a moment's hesitation. It didn't take them long to figure out that the couch was really not the best place for making out. Both of them kept sliding to the side or bumping into the arms of the sofa, making any real enjoyment impossible. Gerard got fed up once he actually fell on the floor, and right as Frank was going for his nipple, too.

He grunted as he got up, grabbing Frank and heading toward the bedroom. They fell onto the bed kissing, and Frank's hand made its way back up Gerard's shirt. Gerard let out a shuddery breath as Frank's fingers circled his left nipple with a barely-there touch. He clutched Frank to him a bit more tightly, and his dick practically jumped to attention.

Gerard couldn't help grinding into Frank when Frank's hand moved to his other nipple and began exploring it with a firmer touch. Frank could hardly miss the exaggerated response he was getting, and just to tease, he gave the nipple a pinch. Gerard was unable to hold back a groan, and he began insistently thrusting against Frank's thigh. As Frank's other hand joined in, Gerard started a whispered chant of 'fuck me, fuck me, fuck me.' Frank was startled into stillness, and Gerard whined loudly.

"Don't stop."

"I – do you seriously want me to fuck you?"

"God, yes."

Gerard took matters into his own hands, pushing Frank's hands out of the way and pulling on his own nipples. The few guys Gerard had been with hadn't paid much attention to his nipples, but now that someone was, he realized just how much of a turn on it was. And he was getting a little desperate for Frank.

Frank, on the other hand, wasn't really sure what to do. The sight of Gerard touching himself and writhing around was pretty damn arousing, but, well, he'd never actually topped before and hadn't meant to let it get this far anyway. Gerard made up Frank's mind for him when he stopped touching himself and all but ripped Frank's clothes off.

"Come on, come on."

Gerard began trying to take his shirt off and root around under his bed at the same time. Frank watched for awhile, trying to keep from laughing, before he pulled Gerard back up and took his clothes off for him. Gerard smiled brilliantly, leaning over the bed again and coming back up with lube and a condom. He tossed both to Frank, who set the condom aside and slicked up a couple fingers. He just looked at Gerard for a few seconds before pulling him over and settling them both on their knees in the middle of the bed.

'Oh God, what do I do?' briefly flitted through his head before he realized that hey, he'd been on the opposite end of this plenty of times, and he knew what he liked. Frank pulled Gerard in for another kiss as he slid a finger inside him.

By the time he slid another finger in, Frank was kissing his way down Gerard's chest and licking his left nipple. That got Gerard going again, and he started thrusting back onto Frank's fingers and forward into his hip. When Frank bit his nipple, Gerard got a little frantic.

"Now, now, now," he kept repeating as Frank put the condom on, turned him around, and pushed into him quickly, but gently. They both groaned loudly as Frank started up a steady rhythm. Frank turned his attention back to Gerard's nipples, pinching and twisting them roughly, wondering if he could possibly make Gerard come just from this.

It turned out that he could, and he felt Gerard tighten around him, pulling his orgasm from him as well. Frank rode it out with a few last thrusts before collapsing with Gerard. He pulled out of Gerard once he had calmed down, and he had just enough energy to get to the bathroom and dispose of the condom. He came back and flopped down next to the already-sleeping Gerard, falling asleep almost immediately.

**********

When Gerard woke up the next morning, it was to an empty bed and an empty apartment. Damn. Not that he really would have known how to handle the morning after awkwardness – he never had – but he would have at least liked to try to get Frank's number.

He got up, relishing the twinges in his ass and nipples that spoke of great sex and forgoing a shower to make breakfast. He spent the rest of the day just marveling at his newly-installed entertainment system. It had definitely been worth the hassle.

After that, Gerard sort of tucked the memory of Frank away in the back of his mind until a couple of weeks later when Bob came over to check his entertainment system out. He wasn't exactly sure why, but he launched into the story of fucking up the setup, even though it made him look incompetent. Yeah, so maybe he just wanted to tell Bob about Frank. Bob's only comment was, "dude, that sounds like bad porn."

**********

For about a month afterward, Gerard thought about Frank almost every day, but it wasn't like there was anything he could do about it. And then one day, he ran into Frank when he was going in to work to pick up his paycheck. He almost just turned around and walked out, not wanting to deal with the awkward situation that was sure to arise, but he really needed his paycheck that day. Gerard only got a few steps in the door before Frank spotted him and came over.

"Hey man, how's it going?"

"Pretty good, you?" Oh how Gerard loathed small talk.

"Oh, I'm fine. You wanna go get some coffee?" Frank asked, completely ignoring the fact that they were already in a restaurant.

"Sure."

That really wasn't what Gerard had meant to say. He meant to turn Frank down, walk away. But there they were, crossing the street and heading toward Starbucks. Both of them remained silent until they were sitting down with their coffee.

"Why the hell did you just leave without saying goodbye?" Gerard blurted out when he couldn't take it any longer.

"I was supposed to take my friend to the airport, and I was running kind of late." Frank looked like he really regretted it. "And I kept thinking about just showing up at your place one day, but like, what if you hadn't remembered me or given a shit about me? So I just didn't do anything. But I really wanted to see you again."

Gerard looked at him for a moment, trying to judge his sincerity. "Go out with me tomorrow night?"

"Hell yes! I mean yeah, that'd be nice." Frank blushed only slightly at his reaction, but Gerard still saw it.

"Awesome."

They both finished their coffee with smiles on their faces. And when they parted, each walked off with a spring in his step, looking forward to the chance to make up for lost time.