Title: Mom's Penis Treatment Pt. 01




Summary: A loving mother cares for her son's injured penis. 




Keywords: inc,fic




This is a completely fictional story that depicts a sexual relationship between a mother and her adult son. If this does not appeal to you, please do not read.


Nick had always been attracted to his mom, Connie. As far back as he can remember, he would notice little things about her body and her general appearance that gave him erections and enticed him to masturbate. In fact, the first time he masturbated was after he saw her in a new bathing suit. Her long, light brown hair, dark brown eyes, and curvaceous body always got Nick's attention.

He loved how she would go braless whenever she was home for the day, which was most of the time. He would try to sneak peeks at her breasts as she went about her household chores. Her perfectly shaped C-cup breasts had large, long nipples that always seemed to show through the fabric of the thin, cotton shirts she was so fond of wearing. 

Nick also loved to watch her sexy hips sway as she walked. She enjoyed moving her hips as she danced around the house when she did her housework. Nick always enjoyed watching this. A round, plump butt, wide hips, skinny waist, beautiful, snow-white skin; there was nothing about his mom that didn't turn him on.

Nick attributed his high sex drive to the influence his mother had upon him. He began playing with himself very early on in his life as he watched his mother display her hot body all over their home. His dad seemed to like it too, as Nick would frequently notice that they would disappear into their bedroom for an hour at a time during the weekend when his dad was home.

The noises his mom made during these sessions made it obvious that his dad was making her very happy. He developed the habit of listening at the door for the sounds of panting, moaning, and other sexy noises while he stroked his cock. But all that was before his dad was caught with his secretary and their marriage became more or less one of convenience.

At 19 years old, and without a girlfriend, Nick was masturbating three to five times per day on an active day and at least twice on an "off" day. Now that his summer break had just started from college, he was jacking off about five times per day while at home. Most of the time, the subject of his fantasies was his mom.

Recently, Nick had taken to using olive oil to masturbate with. He needed some sort of lubricant because his cock was on the larger side, at least that's what his ex-girlfriends told him. He had personally measured a little over seven inches in length, but his girlfriends were most impressed by the circumference of his dick, which was an astounding seven inches as well. Looking at himself in the mirror, he looked like he had a big, fat, white piece of meat hanging between his legs. He liked how he looked naked. Olive oil worked at least as good as baby oil as a lubricant and he liked the smell better too.

Due to his girth, he required a good deal of lubricant, with a high viscosity, that would allow for his hand to move as smoothly and as effortlessly as possible over his thick manhood. He had, on occasion, developed some chaffing, and cuts on his penis from lack of lubricant. Nick supposed he was pretty rough with himself whenever he masturbated, and he often had difficulty keeping his cock free from abrasions. He just got so excited thinking about his mom that he often became compelled to cum as fast as possible, which led to friction issues on his skin if he did not lubricate properly.

Over this past week while he was home from school, Nick had been having an exceptionally difficult time. His mom had been wearing shorts that really clung to her ass and light-colored tank top shirts that revealed her nipples so clearly that Nick could see the coloring and shape of her areolas underneath. With his sexy mom wearing these revealing clothes, he was constantly making excuses to spend time with her. Helping with dishes, laundry, picking up the house, Nick was making himself very useful! These chores would usually end with him in his room with the door closed, jacking off. This only exacerbated the skin issue.

Unfortunately, after several days of this, his dick had become swollen and he developed a kind of dermatitis as a result of his heavy-handed stroking using the olive oil. His mom certainly didn't help matters with her clothing preferences being on the inappropriately revealing side. He felt compelled to jack off even as his cock was injured and sore. 

Nick's penis finally became so bad, and his experience was so limited regarding skin conditions, that he finally needed to mention it to his mom. He needed professional help.

"Mom, can I talk to you about something very personal?" Nick felt awkward even bringing up the subject.

"Of course, Nicky, I'm your mother. There's nothing too personal. What's on your mind?" Connie stopped folding laundry and gave Nick her full attention.

"It's very embarrassing, but I think I would be even more embarrassed asking Dad, so I guess I'll ask you."

"Oh...Well, why don't you tell me and I'll let you know if it is something I can take care of or if your father will be better able to handle the problem?" His mom suggested.

That sounded about right to Nick. He continued.

"Well, the skin on my...penis...has become all red and swollen. There are cuts on it and it hurts." Nick was blushing a deep shade of red as he said this.

"Oh! Um...okay. Hmm...how did that happen, Nicky?" His mom was clearly unprepared for the content of this discussion.

Nick did not realize how embarrassing this conversation would actually be when he thought about sharing his painful condition with his mom. He could feel sweat beading on his forehead.

"Okay, I'm just going to say it. I use a certain lotion on my penis to keep it from getting...dry, and I think my skin is having a reaction to it."

"Oh, yes. I can understand that. We have very sensitive skin in our family, Nick. There are some lotions that have perfumes and dyes in them that cause me to break out too. Just stop using that particular lotion and I'm sure it will clear up." She smiled confidently and pat him on the knee. 

She was about to leave the room when Nick protested.

"It has gotten too bad for that, Mom. It really hurts!" Nick was in pain even as he sat discussing his condition with his mom. 

"Will...it...help if I take a look at it? Or would you prefer your father?" Nick's mom hadn't seen her son's penis in probably eleven, twelve years. She was curious about it, but mostly to see how bad his condition actually was.

"I don't know if I can wait for Dad to get home. I guess I'd better show you so I can get help right now." 

With that he reluctantly stood up in front of his mom who was seated in a chair at the kitchen table and pulled both his shorts and boxers down to his ankles.

Nick's mom let out a soft gasp at the sight of her son's penis as it hung just a couple of feet away from her face. First of all, she noticed that it was remarkably fat, thick, chunky. Thicker than any penis she had ever seen (including her, albeit limited, experience with porn) So fat that she wanted to reach out and grab it.

She felt an unexpected wetness in her crotch, and immediately found herself comparing her son's penis to that of his father's, which was about as long, but nowhere near as thick. She closed her eyes tightly for a moment in an effort to wash the comparison from her mind. Time to be a mom. Other than the size, it looked bad. It was swollen, some of the skin looked scabbed over, and there were folds of skin that seemed infected. Parts were red and angry looking. It looked painful. He was right. It was bad.

"Um...well, it does look swollen and the skin is definitely in need of some medicine. It looks pretty bad, Nicky."

Nick stood looking at his dick, which should have been rock hard, exposed for his mom like it was, but was instead was just hanging there looking like some chewed up dog toy. 

His mom went to the kitchen and looked for a number in her phone. She dialed, waited, and then began talking to what sounded like a doctor's office. In no time the mother and son were off to the dermatologist.

*****

"Nick Sumner?" The nurse poked her head from around the door of the waiting room at Doctor Freeling's office.

Nick got up nervously to follow the nurse.

"Can you come with me, Mom?" 

"Sure! Are you certain you want me in there?" She was thrilled her son needed her at that moment.

"Yes, if you don't mind." He replied.

The nurse smiled and held the door open for Nick and his mother.

After several minutes, the doctor entered the room and introduced himself.

"So, Nick, looks like you've got a skin problem in the groin area?"

Connie chimed in. "Yes, doctor, it looks like he has what I had a couple of years ago when I tried a new soap and I broke out in a rash. I think it was...contact dermatitis?"

"Could be. Nick, why don't you stand up and pull your pants down, let me take a look."

Nick dropped his shorts and underwear.

The doctor held the penis in his glove-covered hand. He pushed the skin back and then dropped it. Nick was terrified that he would get an erection while the doctor was touching his dick and was relieved when he didn't.

"It looks awful!" His mom added.

"Yes, it's in pretty bad shape. Nick, have you been using any sort of new soap or different brand of lotion on your penis? I need to know the source of the irritation."

Nick hung his head down in shame. 

"Olive oil." He muttered.

There was a brief, awkward silence. "I'm sorry, son I didn't hear you." The doctor moved closer to Nick.

"OLIVE OIL." Nick said a little louder than necessary this time.

The doctor smiled, Nick's mom frowned.

"Olive oil?!" The doctor repeated and wrote something in the folder he had opened up in his hands.

"Nick, my boy, you put olive oil on salads, not on your penis!" The doctor shook his head and smiled, then laughed. Nick could have died from embarrassment.

"Honey, why do you use olive oil?" asked his mom.

"It's a long story. Does it really matter? Geeze." Nick replied defensively.

Nick's mom was truly puzzled, but decided to spare her son the shame of further questioning in front of the doctor. 

The doctor wrote Nick a prescription, explained how to clean the affected area, and how to bandage it between cleaning and the application of the prescription. Nick's mom asked a few questions about the treatment and the two left.

In the car, Nick's mom had a few questions for her son.

"Nick, I still don't understand how your penis became so infected and inflamed and the rest of your body is fine. I also heard the doctor mention abrasions. How did that happen?"

Nick's mom had not put the pieces of the puzzle that was his condition together yet. Nick was reminded that she tended to be a bit nave. 

"It's embarrassing, Mom. I used different lotions down there to...you know...relieve myself."

Nick was dying.

"Oh! Oh. Okay, okay. I understand. I'm so sorry!" It was now his mom's turn to blush.

"See why this is so difficult?" Nick offered.

"Yes, I get it. Well, let's get this prescription filled and get home to take care of your discomfort." Connie shook her head at her obtuseness. 'I should have known.' She thought.

Nick and his mother picked up the prescription and also purchased ointment, pills, surgical gloves, gauze, medical tape, and some baking soda.

Nick's mom stopped in the "Family Planning" section of the drug store where spermicides and condoms were kept. He saw that she picked up a few small bottles of something and moved to the check-out counter. 

Once home, his mom put everything on the counter, except the small bottles she picked up in the condom section.

"Now, you have to clean out all the nooks, cracks, and creases on your penis with warm water and baking soda. Then let it dry and apply the ointment."

Nick's mom filled his bathtub with warm water and added the required amount of baking soda.

"Remember when I used to give you baths?" She turned and gave him an innocent smile.

"Sort of. I mean, that was a long time ago, Mom." Nick sat on the toilet watching his mom and her fucking perfect body stir the bathwater to dissolve the baking soda. Her ass was moving from side-to-side, she was oozing sexuality...and here he was with a lame dick.

When the water was a little less than halfway full, she turned it off.

"Okay Nicky. Get in!" Connie was in Clara Barton mode. Playing nurse and taking care of her baby. It didn't even occur to her that he may feel uncomfortable getting naked in front of her.

Nick couldn't believe the situation had escalated to this point, but he actually felt helpless and hurt and his dick did not feel stimulated despite the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to strip in front of his mom. 

"Thanks, Mom."

Nick disrobed while his mom busied herself with the washcloths and the cream he would later need to treat his penis.

Connie caught herself stealing glimpses of his impressive manhood as he stepped into the tub. It not only felt good to help her son, it excited her to be able to help him too!

Nick felt immediate relief as his penis became submerged under the warm water solution. His mom had a wash cloth in her hand, which he thought she would hand to him.

She instead squatted next to the tub and reached into the water with the cloth covering her hand. She grabbed his penis delicately and rolled the flaccid appendage in her palm pressing and rubbing the wash cloth into it. 

'Wow! This is a very different feeling.' His mom thought to herself. 'His penis is incredibly thick and meaty; like a large muscle.'

The tugging and dabbing actions served to remove the dead and unhealthy skin from his penis. Nick was in awe of the situation. It looked and felt surreal. He absolutely loved how his mom was helping him with his infection. It itched quite a bit, so it felt better when she used the wash cloth on it. He could tell it was helping his condition tremendously. 

"Wow, Mom! That really helps! Thank you!" It stung a good deal, like an open scrape, but it was good to finally be able to do something about it.

Connie looked over at her son and smiled. 'Only a mother knows how to properly take care of her son,' she thought.

After she thoroughly cleaned his penis, she had Nick stand up and then used a hand towel to gently dry his sore dick. Nick was finally getting some feeling back in it. His mom was now pulling and wiping it dry; really doing a number on it in an effort to dry it completely.

He felt blood pump into it, and the familiar sensation of the beginning of an erection.

'Fuck!' I'm going to get hard right in her hand and she won't help me anymore. I'm going to scare her off! He thought.

As his penis filled with blood and began to grow, his mom gave him a very strange look. She looked Nick right in his eyes and raised an eyebrow, but said nothing while she finished drying him. 

After he was dry, she put surgical gloves on and opened the tube of ointment.

"Now, I am going to use this ointment and spread a thin coating over your entire...penis. It's important to work it into the cracks and skin. Try to stay still."

With that command, she smoothed, rubbed, and massaged the entire length of his dick. From the top of his glans to the beginning of his scrotum. She drove her son fucking crazy applying the medication with so much touching.

His cock was as hard as he had ever known it to be, which opened the wounds and cracks that were the result of his advanced dermatitis. He was both in intense pleasure and pain. His mom's beautiful face and light brown hair were but inches away from his thick cock. All his life he wanted exactly just such a sight to play out before his eyes, but the pain caused by the very actions that gave birth to his erection kept him from enjoying the experience. She was still rubbing his rock-hard dick. 'Damn!' he thought. 'She is relentless!'

After what seemed an eternity, she finally took the gloves off and cut some strips of gauze. She gently wrapped the gauze around his cock and fastened it with a piece of medical tape.

"When you need to urinate, carefully unwrap it completely. I can help you with that. It is important to keep it very, very clean."

Nick had the feeling that his hard-on won't be leaving him for a very long time. 

*****

Connie had some chores to do before dinner and busied herself downstairs. When Nick's father, Allen, came home from work, Nick found it very interesting that his mom didn't tell him about his penis injury, the trip to the doctor, or the medication. Nick decided not to say anything just to see if his mom would eventually bring it up. She never did. Perhaps she didn't want his father to know.

After dinner, Allen walked over to his friend's house to watch the Dodger game. Nick had to take his first piss since his mom applied the wrap.

"Mom? Hey, Mom? I need to use the restroom. What should I do?"

Connie had finished taking a shower and wore a tight cotton T-shirt without a bra and a clean pair of shorts, the kind that showed off her curvy ass. He could smell lotion on her. This is the mom that had turned him on for so many years.

"Okay. I'll meet you in your bathroom." She turned and walked away.

Nick made his way upstairs to his bathroom and stood in front of the toilet. He didn't even think about touching his penis himself. He wanted to obey whatever treatment plan his mom had in store for him. He felt it was more exciting that way. She was taking a very hands-on approach to his treatment and he didn't want to do anything to mess that up.

Connie entered the bathroom with her surgical gloves on and had his medication, and other necessities in a shoe box.

She got on her knees before her son and untied the drawstring on the sweatpants he was wearing. She pulled these gently to the ground and eased his boxers down as well. Just this simple act may have led Nick to ejaculate in his normal state, but he was too sore for that. Still, he felt his bandaged cock stir with arousal.

She slowly and carefully unfastened the tape holding the bandage together and unwrapped his dick. Part of the wrapping had loosened quite a bit since she put it on when he was fully erect and now he was a good deal softer, though he was now stiffening as she tended to his bandages.

Once the wrap was off, she looked closely at his penis. 

"Looks good. I think that baking soda bath really helped. We'll need to continue those."

She held his penis with her right hand and pulled him a little closer to the toilet while maintaining her grip at the base.

He was growing, becoming erect again.

"Okay, whenever you're ready!" She announced.

Nick was having a very difficult time trying to piss while his mom was holding his dick. He had to close his eyes to get started.

After several moments, Nick sighed in relief as his urine began to flow. 

He really needed to go, but pissing while his cock was being held by his mom was turning him on. Nick began to release his full bladder into the toilet as his mom aimed his dick at the water in an effort to prevent too much spraying. It was a bizarre sight for Nick to behold. But he absolutely loved it.

His semi-erect state made it difficult to accurately aim at the toilet. His mom had to readjust a few times. After after a few moments, his stream began to weaken to a few drops.

"Are you done?" She asked.

"Yeah."

His mom grabbed the base of his penis and used a milking action to work the excess urine out of his shaft. She then shook it in the direction of the toilet to remove any lingering piss that might still be in his dick.

She put a little more cream on her glove-covered hand and spread more all over his penis. After this she started the process of re-wrapping him. She began to talk to him as she was finishing up:

"Do you remember when you were about ten years old and you used to run into our bed whenever there was the sound of thunder? You'd get so close to me and just tremble! You were such a momma's boy!" She smiled up at him as she continued to carefully wrap his penis with the gauze.

"Yeah, I guess I've grown up, huh Mom?"

She looked at his penis, probably longer than she meant to, then looked back up at him and said "I'll say!"

His dick immediately grew harder in her hands as she finished the final piece of tape. She held it for a moment longer, just checking the fit. She took her gloves off and put the supplies under his sink.

"What should I do when I have to take a leak after I go to bed?"

"Just knock on my door. You know how soundly your father sleeps. Remember?"

"Yes, I guess I do. I'm going to read for a while and go to bed." Nick kissed his mom and retired to his room.

As he lay in his bed trying to go to sleep, Nick tossed and shifted his weight from his back to his sides trying to get comfortable. He couldn't. His cock was rock hard. He really felt like jacking off, but he knew that this would be an impossibility for a while. He couldn't get the image of his mom being all over his dick that day and he was dying to cum. He tried to calm his mind as his balls throbbed and ached.

Eventually, he fell asleep fantasizing about his mom stroking his cock...only without the medication and the gauze.

*****

Nick awoke with his usual 'morning wood' and needed to pee. He was naked all but for his boxers that he wore to bed.

"Good morning, Nicky! How did you sleep?" His mom came bursting into his room in her light green shorts and yellow tank top looking as hot as ever.

"Morning, Mom. I slept well...I slept a lot!" He yawned and scratched his head.

He shuffled into the bathroom, his mom followed closely behind. 

Same routine as the day before, she knelt before him, unwrapped his penis, he pissed, she rewrapped it, took the gloves off, cleaned up. Nick was getting used to his mom "handling him" and found that he enjoyed it a great deal.

After breakfast, Connie went to the store and ran some errands while Nick did some work online for a summer course he was taking during his break from school.

It was lunchtime when Connie came home needing help with some groceries.

"Has your father come home yet?" She asked.

"Nope, haven't seen him."

"He needed his dry cleaning for his trip he's taking. His flight leaves this evening."

Nick remembered that his mom was always uneasy whenever his dad had to work late, or had to go out of town. He could see that she had lost respect for the man and that trust seemed to be an issue with the couple. 

About two years ago, Nick's mom dropped by Allan's office while he was working late. She had a bottle of wine and some take-out food and she thought she would surprise him with a romantic dinner at his office. When she unlocked the door to the building, she could hear the tell-tale sounds of love making. Connie's heart broke as she watched her beloved Allan fucking his twenty-two-year-old secretary on his desk. After confronting him that night, the two agreed to stay married until Nick had finished school and then go their separate ways. 

Allen's car pulled into the driveway as the two were finishing unloading the car.

He went into the master bedroom to pack. Then came out for some lunch.

"Nick, I'll need you to take the trash out and help your mom out while I'm gone."

"You got it, Dad."

He looked over at his mom who smiled at him.

Allen said his good-byes after lunch and headed for the airport for his week-long trip.

An hour later, Connie found her son upstairs playing a computer game. 

"Well?" She had her hands on her hips.

"What?" Nick looked up.

"You need to clean your injury. You need your daily bath."

His mom turned and walked into his bathroom and started the water. She was kneeling with her sublime ass sticking up in the air again as she stirred the baking powder in the tub.

Nick came in and took his T-shirt off and stood near the tub. He liked to watch her pull his dick out. When the water was ready, Connie turned to him and removed his shorts and underwear and then carefully unwrapped his penis. It was still rock hard.

Nick stepped into the bath and stretched out. 

"That feels good." He relaxed and allowed the warm water to soak into his skin.

Connie used a wash cloth to scrub his penis under the water. This time she used a little soap and washed between his legs and his scrotum. Nick loved the feeling of his mom's gentle hands on his balls, even if he only felt the wash cloth. After she was finished washing him, she went back to scrubbing his penis. She bent forward and was looking at it closely. 

"It is definitely looking better." She said as she was holding it and moving it up and down and from side to side.

Nick was sitting in the tub mesmerized by his mother's actions. His dick had been hard the entire time and she held it like it was hers to hold. It was only about a foot or two away from her face most of the time when he was in the tub. He had to close his eyes just to keep from going crazy at the sight of his hot mother handling his dick in the bathtub. He could even feel her warm breath grazing his sensitive skin.

"Here. Stand up." She had him standing in the tub while she went through her drying ritual. Then the application of medicine with the gloves, the wrapping, and off she went downstairs to busy herself with whatever.

Now he was on the second day since his medication has been applied, he had been almost constantly hard. His mom's focus on his prick was ceaseless. Just knowing that she had taken it upon herself to personally handle his dick-healing regimen and that she was now touching his cock pretty much at will, was beyond even his wildest imagination.

Once, while she was outside cutting some roses for the house, she called him outside. "Nick, how is your penis?" She stopped what she was doing, her tits were pushing hard against a white tank top. 

"Getting better." He reported. 

She surprised Nick by reaching out and pulling his shorts down exposing his penis. She looked at the wrapped member and back up at him. 

"I'll be in to bathe you in a few minutes." 

With that statement, Nick became hard again. It was obvious she was thinking about his dick quite a lot.

This schedule repeated itself for the next two days. More dick washing, gloves, scrubbing, baths, wrapping, erections...always erections, pissing, no orgasms.

Nick was getting seriously "backed up." Where once he was used to coming at least a few times per day, he now wasn't having any orgasms, and it had been five days since his last ejaculation. For Nick, that was a very long time.

For those five long nights, Nick would stir in bed endlessly, desiring sleep, but overwhelmed by the intense aching in his balls. Each morning, he'd feel better, but still wake up with a heavy, hard cock.

As far as his injury was concerned, he felt good today. His dick felt much better.

As his mom was drawing his bath, he stripped before she had asked him to and was sitting naked on the toilet seat watching her ass poke up only a few feet from his naked body. Part of her ass cheeks were exposed as the material crept between her legs. Her hips and butt were shaking a little as she mixed the baking soda into the bath water.

His dick was hard and standing straight out away from his body. 

She turned to take his clothes off.

"Oh! Okay. I guess you're ready." She said looking down at his cock. This time, she only looked at his cock-and nothing else-and he saw that. It throbbed visibly, pulsing with his heartbeat.

Nick got into the tub as usual, but today was different. His dick felt different. It felt fucking good. It was wide and thick and fat and hard and ready.

Nick's mom reached her hand in, only something had changed. She scrubbed the raging, throbbing hard cock and examined it. She applied a little soap to it and his balls, she rolled his balls in her hands to wash them and then washed the soap off into the bath water. She grabbed his cock again and looked at it more. She was holding it far more than it needed to be held. It felt amazing and Nick was as hard and as horny as he had ever been in his life. 

Then, he realized what was different. She wasn't using a wash cloth. His mom's bare hands were all over his cock and balls rubbing and washing him, pressing his cock-flesh and stroking it as she cleaned, only without a washcloth. He felt like he was going to explode. 

She either didn't realize she was using her bare hands, or pretended like she didn't realize she was using bare hands. It was impossible for him to tell, other than she spent a lot more time touching him today than she did previously.

Once finished, he stood up and she dried him off as usual. He had to adjust his stance due to his throbbing erection being too close to his mom's face. 

Connie reached for his cock and looked it over closely. "It's getting better!" She declared. She looked at it in awe. 'What a superb penis,' she thought. 'So thick, so wide, so heavy in my hands.' She felt proud that her son was so well hung. She had a difficult time thinking about anything else these days.

When Connie began applying the medication on her hand, Nick noticed that she did not have her gloves on and was actually working the cream into his cock with her bare hands. There was something protective and appropriate about wearing the surgical gloves that was in stark contrast to what he felt when she did not have them on. This was an incredible turn on. It didn't feel medical at all. It felt sexual.

Nick about lost it. His over-sensitive cock that hadn't had an orgasm for days was now being rubbed, pulled, stroked, and massaged by the sexiest woman in his life, and he was standing there pushing his cock out in front of his body letting her have it all in her hands.

He swallowed hard, trying with all his effort to control himself. It was all he could do not to thrust his hips in time with the stroking motion her hands made on his shaft.

Her expression was serious. She was focused and stared at the fat dick before her face. Her son's cock was throbbing and hot and pushing into her with every touch. She wasn't thinking about anything else except rubbing the ointment into her son's magnificent cock. Without realizing it, she had become mesmerized.

It was quiet in the bathroom except for the sounds of Connie working on her son's erect penis. She gently, but firmly stroked him, massaging the ointment into his skin with her slick hands.

Nick tried to think of anything to distract himself...baseball...what kind of workout he'd do later...Nothing helped. He could feel his balls tighten. Connie kept stroking him. He watched her small, gloveless hands moving over his cock. From above her, he could see her creamy breasts wobbling slightly as she handled him.

Then it happened. She felt a stiffening, and a trembling coming from her son and then he nervously said "Moh-ah," but the words stuck as his voice broke. He felt cum rush up through his cock like a freight train. A thick burst of hot, white cum surged out of Nick's tip, splattering onto his mom's face and neck.

She shrieked, but didn't recoil, keeping her grip on Nick's lotion-coated shaft. The first long stream was followed rapidly by several more thick jets. Connie waved her other hand helplessly.

"Oh, God! Oh, God! Mom...no! Nick cried, unable to hold back as he unexpectedly had another explosive, unintentional orgasm. Cum shot out fast and hard, splattering his mother's face and neck and all over the front of her body. Nick came a lot...pulse after pulse of hot semen sprayed onto his mom and not a drop seemed to have missed her. His hot jism dripped down her neck and off of her face.

After almost thirty seconds of ejaculating, his orgasm finally tapered.

Connie sat there for a moment, feeling her son's hot cum oozing down her skin. Finally, she broke the silence.

"Oh...my... God!... Nicky!... How could you?!"

She cried, standing up and looking into the mirror. She was horrified to find her face, neck, chest, and the front of her shirt were speckled and lined with thick, teenage cum. One thick rope even trailed over her forehead and back into her hair. 

"What happened?!" she demanded. Her look was shocked, but not angry. 

Nick was dumbfounded, reeling from the intense orgasm, but unsure if he had ruined everything with his mom. He was embarrassed, but there was no denying the intense sexual energy that was present between them. It was an awesome orgasm. Easily the best he had ever had up to that time. He felt a strange pride in showing his mother how much pleasure she had given him.

"I'm so, so sorry, Mom! It's just that I haven't been able to, you know, masturbate for so long that the stimulation caused me to ejaculate."

Nick tried to be as medical as possible. He knew his mom didn't talk about sex and wasn't a flirtatious person. However, he also knew that she had a sexy side and seemed to enjoy wearing sexy clothes and physically teasing. He had no idea how she would react.

The more Connie thought about what happened, the more excited she secretly became. She had never experienced anything like what just happened between her and her son. She had to make a very serious effort to keep from smiling. She was coming to the realization that her son found her sexually attractive to the point of having an uncontrollable ejaculation. 

She was also well aware of how turned on she had become over these past few days as she helped him take care of his beautiful, fat penis. She had no intention of allowing him to damage himself like that again!

She said to him: "Well, I am not too pleased with having to clean my son's semen off of my face and clothes (She became wet after saying this...'what a strange thing to have to say!' she thought.), but I do understand. We will have to work around that issue for the time being. Maybe in the future you could tell me before something like that happens?" With that, she left the bathroom and went to change.

Nick immediately thought 'Did she say '...in the future?' What the fuck!?' He picked up on Connie's slip. She had implied that her being present for another one of his ejaculations could happen again. Nick's head was spinning. He had always fantasized about having sex with his mother, but never would he actually take steps to try to see anything sexual happen between him and his mom. He thought it too risky. 

What happened today changed everything. He needed some time to think so he went to his room and began fantasizing about his mom.

Connie had cleaned herself off and was lying down on her bed. She really didn't need to bathe him, or help him with going to the restroom any more. To suggest that she did would be awkward and could make Nick feel uncomfortable. She wanted to get at the core of the problem. The issue that caused his horrible case of dermatitis in the first place: His masturbation practices. She faulted herself and her husband for not having a "sex talk" when he was younger and wondered if they had, would his habits be more...normal today.

She couldn't help but think about how his penis is far from normal. 

Connie made up her mind that she was going to talk to Nick about taking care of his penis. She even picked up a few small bottles of sexual lubricant when they were at the store several days ago that she could give to him to help. 

Nick had also been thinking about his sexuality. He concluded that for whatever reason, his mom was, at the very least, sexually curious about him. He was going to exploit that as much as possible. 

He changed into a pair of thin cotton basketball shorts, without wearing underwear. His penis was no longer going to be wrapped in gauze so he didn't have to worry about that. He didn't bother putting a shirt on. 

Connie was organizing a drawer in the kitchen. When he walked into the room.

"Hey, Mom. Got any chores you need help with?"

Connie looked up, then down, and back up at Nick taking note of the huge, fat bulge in his shorts.

"You can be a big help to me by washing the windows in the dining area." She smiled.

"Great!" Nick grabbed the squeegee from the garage and the cleaning supplies and headed outside.

Connie could see every move Nick was making from where she was sitting in the kitchen. She watched her son squirt the windows and begin washing them. Her gaze was fully upon his cock. It was jiggling and moving as he used his torso. It could have easily been seen from thirty yards away it was so prominently displayed. She decided that she loved looking at it.

'Oh my God. What am I doing?' She thought as she caught herself staring at her son. She smiled and continued her task of removing old recipes from her stack and filing ones she wanted to keep in her recipe folder. 

Her eyes soon returned to Nick's bulge. She had the sudden urge to masturbate. Something she never did. Once again, she had to redirect her attention. Finally, she decided to work on dinner and began organizing what she would need.

In the meantime, Nick had finished.

"Great job, Honey!" His mom smiled and continued to cut vegetables for dinner.

"I'm going to go up and take a shower. I'm all sweaty from the windows. Do you think that will be okay? My penis is feeling and looking a lot better."

"Yes, that should be fine. Let me put the ointment on it a few more times to be sure it gets the right coverage and it is healing evenly, okay?"

"You bet, Mom!" Nick winced at how enthusiastic he sounded. He needed to watch that.

Nick's strategy was to avoid masturbating for a while longer and keep himself somewhat deprived so he would be more easily aroused and also so he would also have more semen available in case (when) there was another "accident." He loved coming all over his mom and wanted to see the sexy event replayed soon.

Nick stroked his cock in the shower, the cuts and abrasions were nearly gone, but it was still a little sensitive. He used soap to lubricate it. 

He wanted to make sure that his mom saw him hard, or at least semi-hard all the time. He wasn't sure how long this was going to last so he needed to make the most of it.

By the time he was finished with his shower, his mom was already in the bathroom with her box of medical supplies.

"Ready?" She asked with a smile on her face.

"Ready!" 'Damn! Too enthusiastic again,' he thought.

Nick dried himself off and dropped the towel. He thought he could hear his mom give a sort of sigh when she looked at his exposed manhood. He stood before his mom with a hard cock waiting for her to apply the cream.

Without saying a word, Connie got on her knees, and squeezed some ointment out onto her bare hand. Kneeling before her son, she wrapped her hands around his shaft, and began applying the ointment to his engorged penis. She spread it down his shaft first, taking great care to cover every inch of his skin. Once she was satisfied that she had covered the entire penis, she began rubbing it into his flesh. She used her thumb, index, and middle fingers of both hands for this. Then she switched to using her entire hand and squeezing the muscle harder than usual. 

When she was done, she remained on her knees and looked up at her son.

"Nick, we need to talk about how you came to injure your penis so badly. I want you to know that this concerns me a great deal. If something like this were to happen at school, you would have serious health issues."

The novelty of talking to his mom while she knelt before him, inches away from his stiff erection, had not lost any of its appeal for Nick.

"I know, Mom. Thank you for helping me. If it had gotten more infected, I could have become very ill."

"That's right. Now, tonight, after dinner, we need to talk more about what you can do to stay healthy." 

"Okay." Nick had some time to contemplate exactly what she could possibly have in mind. Needless to say, he was excited to get through dinner.

Connie cooked vegetable lasagna for dinner, which Nick always loved. She poured two glasses of red wine for them (they eventually finished the bottle). Both mother and son were feeling relaxed and in a good mood.

Nick was dressed in a white T-shirt and a different pair of gray shorts, again, no underwear. His cock had been hard most of the day and looked like it was mostly hard now, tucked in his shorts. He kept it in that state by rubbing it back to erect whenever he felt it go flaccid. He enjoyed watching his mom look at it, and she had been doing this very frequently.

Connie had changed into a short nightshirt that barely covered her ass. The shirt did little to hide her thin thong or the fact that she was obviously not wearing a bra. This wasn't necessarily unusual for her, but considering the recent turn of events, contributed to Nick's desire for her. It also gave Nick a good deal to look at while she was discussing this issue of his penis.

"Come, Nick, sit down with me and let's talk." Connie motioned to the sofa and loveseat in the living room. She turned on the table lamp near where she was sitting.

"I want to talk to you about your injury to your penis. Can you help me understand how you came to damage the skin so badly?" Connie had a loving, yet serious look to her. Her beautiful, Audrey Hepburn-like facial features glowed in the soft light.

Nick was not too enthusiastic about discussing his masturbation rituals with his mom, although he realized that there might be a small chance that this could lead to future sexual encounters with her so he decided to play along.

"This isn't easy to talk about, Mom. You know, I have urges, lots of urges to...you know, to masturbate. I have tried masturbation with just my hands and nothing else, but that didn't work, it hurt, it gave me abrasions and cuts." 

Nick decided a sincere approach would work best to woo his mom.

"I understand, Nicky. Continue please."

"Okay. Well, I started experimenting with different lotions. I would borrow hand lotions from you, which you kept in the kitchen and bathroom. I would use them on me...while I masturbated. They were better than nothing, but they weren't slippery enough and ended up making my penis sticky."

"I see." Connie was listening intently to what her son was saying.

"One time I went to the grocery store and got some baby oil. That worked really well, except that the smell reminded me of babies and wasn't sexy enough for me."

"They make different scents now." Connie added. 

"Yeah, I saw some the other day. Anyway, I knew I needed something to help me because of my size."

Nick noticed his mom looked at his crotch when he shared this. His dick was hard and the bulge was impossible to ignore through his shorts. His mother stared for several seconds.

"Anyway, I remember getting oil on my hands when I was helping you in the kitchen during Christmas and I had this thought that it might work as a good lubricant, so I took a small bottle of extra virgin olive oil back to school with me when I returned to college. It worked great! I liked the smell and it was slippery enough to make my hand slide over my penis without much friction."

"Okay, Nick. So what happened, because the penis I saw several days ago was very damaged. It couldn't have just been the oil." 

"I don't know. I guess over time I became allergic to it, or maybe I was too rough. I don't know if there is a right way, or a wrong way, Mom. I just do what feels good at the time."

Connie looked at his crotch again...still rock hard. 

"How often do you...do it?" She asked.

"Usually between three and five times a day." He answered softly, knowing that was probably a lot in her mind.

"Oh! That's...so you think about sex that often?" She asked, blushing.

"I guess I do." He confessed.

"Well, maybe we should look at your technique. That is, what you are actually doing when you masturbate. Why don't you show me how you do it...using a banana or something? I mean, I think you may be too rough on it. Maybe you're doing it wrong." Connie was genuinely curious. She actually wanted to see him demonstrate using his own penis, but did not want to ask for fear it would make him too uncomfortable.

"Banana?! Seriously? No, it's not the same, Mom." Nick had a raging, throbbing, hot, hard-on now. He wasn't used to being so hard for such an extended period of time without relieving himself by jacking off. His cock was outlined by the gray fabric of his shorts leaving not much to the imagination.

Connie was having a nearly impossible time trying not to stare at her son's giant erection. She knew he could see her looking at it, but she simply could not help herself. Now he was leaking pre-cum and the whole scene was driving her crazy. She could even smell the musky scent of his cum.

"Well, I'll tell you what, why don't you show me how you do it, and I can give you my opinion about whether you are doing it right, or if you are too rough on it. I have seen your dad do it, maybe I can give you some pointers."

Nick felt like he was going to cum in his shorts. 'Did my hot mom just suggest that I jack off in front of her? No fucking way!' 

Nick thought he had better follow his mom's suggestion or he may never get the chance again.

"What should I use?" Nick's hands were at his sides, standing up in front of his mom, his full erection created a snake-like shape in his shorts. Connie had a difficult time trying to avert her eyes.

"Wait here." Connie got up and nearly ran up to her room. A minute later, she returned with four small, clear bottles. She set them on the end table under the lamp. One bottle was coconut-scented baby oil, the other three seemed to be special, sexual lubricants. They looked like the bottles she got at the store a few days ago.

"Oh. Where do you want me to show you?"

"Why not in the kitchen? Just in case we...if something spills." Connie was excited and it showed, despite her efforts to act as if it were no big deal. She took the bottles into the kitchen and placed them on the table. 

"Okay, I guess." Nick's mind was a flurry of thought. 'What should I do? How should I do it? I can't believe this is happening! Fuck!' He thought.

He was now in the kitchen. Connie had seated herself in a chair and was facing the open, tiled area toward the center of the kitchen itself. She had turned the bright florescent lights on. It was now brightly lit. Nick took a few steps toward his mom. He slowly pulled his shorts down.

She watched as the veiny base of his thick shaft came into view, nestled in his short, wiry pubic hair. He slowly revealed inch after inch of his amazing penis, until the waistband caught on his wide head. Nick shifted slightly and his bare cock sprung free. It bobbed at eye-level with her. The bright kitchen lights made it look even bigger.

Looking at her son's cock, Connie realized she was wet. Not just a little wet, but very wet...leaking wet. She could barely keep herself from squealing when she saw that Nick had no underwear on under his shorts. All of her touching and caring for her son's penis had created a sexual fascination on her part. She had come to love his penis, the feel of it, the naughty fatness that was so unique to it. She told herself she wanted to help her son, to prevent anything like this from happening ever again. Deep down she just wasn't ready for it to be healthy and out of her life.

Nick thought he would narrate the process to give more of a step-by-step approach. He took a step closer, closing the distance between himself and his mom to about three feet.

"First, I feel the urge. Usually, I have something to look at in order to focus my sexual feelings on, it hurries the process along." 

Nick looked around the room but found nothing. 

"Do you need a magazine or something?" Connie offered. 

"That might help." Nick answered.

Connie got up and opened a drawer in the kitchen and pulled out a Victoria Secret catalogue. She felt his eyes on her the whole time.

"How's this?" She smiled.

"Uh...okay, I guess. It might work." He shrugged.

Connie sat back down in her chair. She pulled her legs up to her chest and in doing so, exposed her ass and crotch to Nick as he stood right in front of her. Nick had an amazing view, much, much better than any lingerie magazine. 

His dick had been sticking out waiting for attention for several minutes, but was still rock hard.

"After I see, or think of something that turns me on, I squirt some oil in my hands."

He reached over and nervously fumbled with the baby oil bottle. He squeezed a good amount in his hand.

His mother watched every motion he made as he filled his cupped hand with the oil. She was relieved to be able to stare at her son's sexy cock without feeling like she shouldn't be looking at it. She looked upon it without blinking, noticed every vein, every curve and wrinkle. Her mouth was salivating.

"Next, I quickly pour more of the oil onto my penis and spread it around like this."

Nick turned his hand over and poured the oil, then stroked it a few times slowly. He worked the oil into every square inch of his dick. The slick sound of his stroking his cock echoed in the large kitchen.

Connie noticed that he wasn't looking at the Victoria Secret catalog at all, but was instead looking at her crotch!

Her heart seemed to explode in her chest as she continued to watch her son stare at her as he stroked his penis. 'Oh my God! Is he attracted to me?!' She thought excitedly. She kept her legs up against her chest and subtly scooted her ass out a little. This caused the thong underwear she was wearing to crawl up her ass and further separate the lips of her pussy. She had intentionally given herself a wedgie and the course material of her thin thong nestled right against her throbbing clit. 'Fuck, I need to cum...' she thought.

Nick noticed this, and continued with even more vigor. The greasy stroking sounds became more rapid.

"Now I think about what it is that is turning me on and I imagine having sex with that woman."

Nick's thick wad of a cock was a lot for even his own large hand to handle. His slow stroking was causing it to turn a darker shade of flesh-colored red. Connie noticed that he could not wrap his entire hand around it.

"Then I stroke it faster and grip it harder."

He was blatantly staring at his mom's nearly exposed pussy and asshole. She seemed to be pulling her legs toward her and pushing her lower body out. He could see the tight creases in the skin of her sphincter as the thin material of her thong barely covered her. He sensed that she was aware of his eyes staring at her crotch. 

Nick was furiously jacking off now. Pumping his hand up and down on his cock as he stood firmly planted right in front of his mom. He was making loud noises and began to breathe more rapidly.

Connie couldn't believe how hard and fast her son was stroking his penis. He was giving it a rough, fast fucking with his muscular hand, which was almost a blur. She was hypnotized by it. She had never seen anything so sexy in all her life. It was extremely difficult for her to keep her hands off of her pussy and masturbate with him. She felt the urge to cum.

Suddenly, Nick stopped jerking himself and thrust his cock out. Connie looked at his dark red cock head. It seemed to swell right before her eyes.

"Oh...oh...Mom! I'm sorry!"

"For wha..." Connie began, only to see a burst of white cum jump from his cock and fly straight at her face. "Oh!" she cried in response, closing her eyes just in time to feel the hot spunk splatter over her eyes, nose, and mouth.

"Ahhh! Oh God!" He squeezed and yanked, stroked and pushed until no more semen was left. He purposely targeted his mom aiming straight at her pussy as best he could while his orgasm wracked his body.

Connie felt the warm, clumpy semen hit her, covering the back of her legs, her pussy lips, thong, arms, and chest.

She was surprised by his orgasm, seemed to laugh a little, then she put her legs down and smiled. A few tears came to her eyes. It was an incredibly emotional and intense experience.

"Wow, Nick! That was really impressive! Let me clean off and I will share what I think." She didn't seem in the least bit angry.

Nick watched his mom get up and go quickly to the guest bathroom in the hallway. He sat down, totally sated. The sight of his mom's crotch on display like that had given him an epic orgasm.

Connie closed the bathroom door and took her night shirt off. She scraped the warm cum off of her legs and looked at her face in the mirror. She raised her cum-covered hand to her mouth and licked her son's semen off of it as if she was craving it, which, actually, she was. She savored the flavor of her own flesh and blood as she ate his sweet cum. She closed her eyes and exhaled deeply. "Good God, that was good." She whispered.

She finished the job of cleaning herself with a washcloth and put her night shirt back on. She pressed her hand into her hot, moist pussy. It slipped in easily and Connie fucked herself briefly. After making her hand wet, she used it to rub her clit to a quick, intense climax. She bit her lip and stifled her moaning but could not remain standing. Her knees buckled and she fell against the bathroom door causing a loud 'thud.' She rolled to a kneel on the floor and enjoyed the warm glow of her own orgasm. She kneeled there catching her breath. 

'That was intense.' She thought.

Nick was sitting down where she had been. His dick was deflated, but not flaccid. There were drops and small puddles of cum still on the floor. As Connie returned to the kitchen, she thought he looked quite relaxed.

"Nicky! That was crazy!" Connie was smiling, to Nick's relief.

"My first thoughts are that you are a very sexual young man. You seem to have a high sex drive."

"Thanks, Mom, I guess."

"In fact, you are so into your masturbation that you are being too reckless, too hard on your penis."

"You think so, Mom?" Nick was feeling embarrassed, but this was dissipating as he continued to speak with his mother.

"Absolutely. You need to stop trying to have an orgasm so quickly, and instead, work on slowing down your pace and lengthening the time it takes you to achieve the orgasm."

Nick listened intently.

"Shoot for quality over quantity." She suggested.

"I guess I can try it like you said next time." He offered.

"Why don't we go to bed and try it again, more slowly, tomorrow?" Connie rubbed his back.

"Good idea, Mom." Nick pulled his shorts back up and reached out to hug his mom.

Connie hugged her son and relished how wet he had made her. She was giddy with lust and needed some more time alone to take care of her own needs more completely. One orgasm after that show simply would not do! She needed more. She and her son kissed on the lips, but unlike her normal one-second pecks, she pressed her lips fully against his and kept them there for six or seven seconds. She felt butterflies in her stomach as she broke off their kiss.

Nick walked up to his room, lied down on his bed and fantasized about his mom. He tried jacking off again, but decided he should wait until tomorrow. He tossed and turned in his bed for a good while thinking about when he was going to jack off for his mom again. He felt like he did when he had a new girlfriend, only, there was something different about this. There was an unashamed feeling of love behind his lust. He loved his mother like, well, like his mom, but he also lusted after her like a hot college coed. It took him a good while to get to sleep that night.

Connie went to her room and played with her wet pussy. She rubbed herself through three more back-to-back orgasms. As she lay on her back in the middle of the bed she wondered how far she was willing to take this fooling around with her son. She also wondered whether she would be able to stop herself from going too far, or if she even wanted to, or if there even was a 'too far' where her son was concerned. She too, like Nick, felt in love as well as in lust.

She soon fell asleep fantasizing about when she would be able to see her son's beautiful cock again.


to be continued....


For pics visit ---->> https://bit.ly/2ReHUJI
