Claudia and I met while volunteering for a small NGO. I confess that, at first, she didn't attract my attention, as she is a bit older than me (I'm in my late forties and she is in her early fifties) and not particularly pretty, and at that point, five years after my divorce, I was still into my younger- and-pretty-girls phase. As an attractive and somewhat rich man, I was not short of pussies then... Anyway, the more we worked together, the more I liked her sense of humor and high spirits, and there's a time when a man ends up choosing brains over looks. So, after a few months, we finally started dating.
Our first dates were very enjoyable, and we kissed after two or three nights together, but it took us a few weeks to finally go to my place, as Claudia seemed to thread very carefully in that sense, trying not to be used only for sex. When she finally sensed I was in for more than that, however, it was like a switch had been flipped.
We were returning to her home in my car after a night out as we did a few times before when she looked at me and said:
"Mark... It's Friday and still a little early..."
"Do you want to do something else? Go dancing, maybe?"
"I was thinking about something else..."
Her voice didn't gave much space for doubts, but even so, considering the way she had behaved until that day, I replied carefully:
"Well... We could go to my house. I already told you I would like to show you where I live..."
"It's a wonderful idea..."
She extended her arm and touched the inside of my legs, her voice making it clear what she meant by that, and I immediately changed directions to my place, trying to concentrate while her hand caressed my thighs.

I should say that I live alone, as I have no kids, in a big, very nice house, and even with Claudia being one of the persons most detached from money and material goods I know, she was impressed. As soon as I opened the door to the living room she entered, her high heels clicking on the floor, and looked around in amazement, saying:
"Wow... I knew you had some money, but this..."
"I can't complain..."
"For sure you can't!"
She laughed deliciously as ever and embraced me, kissing me passionately while running her hands through my hair. At this point I couldn't have any more doubts about what she wanted, so I embraced her and for the first time let my hands descend to her ass, pressing her against me while she gasped in excitement.
Now, before I proceed, I think I should describe her: she is fifty-two, with dark, curly hair going a little below her shoulder. She is not a beauty but she is not ugly either, with a common but nice face, and her body is still fit and somewhat firm besides her age, with her medium-sized tits having a hint of sagness but still somewhat firm. But what really attracted me were her full lips and her eyes full of expression, both things that proved to be a huge turn-on when she sucked my cock while looking at me a little later.
As I was saying, as soon as I grabbed her ass she appeared to transform herself. She gasped, let out a moan and it took her no more than twenty seconds to get on her knees, while we were still on the hallway, and open my pants. I kept observing, amazed, while she took my cock out, looked at it approvingly and without a word opened her red lips and engulfed me at once, all while looking up to me through her glasses. I immediately felt a tingle going up and down my body while she started sucking as a pro, going balls deep before taking it all out without using her hands and going back in, all while looking into my eyes with lust.
With this treatment, It took me no more than a minute or two to say:
"I... I will cum..."
Instead of stopping, she accelerated her movements and started to literally gag on my shaft, smearing the base of my cock with her lipstick. Her eyes started to water with the pressure on her throat and when I finally started to cum she made sure that my cock was deep inside, gulping shot after shot until I was completely spent and dry.
"Oh... Oh, oh fuck..."
I needed to lean onto the wall, as my legs were almost limp at that point, and when she sensed I had finished to cum she started to lick around, making sure to clean my cock entirely before finally letting it go and, with a few drops of cum on her lips and her eyeliner completely ruined, say:
"Did you like it?"
I laughed so hard that she laughed too, amused.

After sitting for a while on the sofa to regain my strength, I served a drink, took her hand and said:
"Now let's go to my bedroom. I want to make you feel as good as I did."
"I'm sure you will... I had my eyes on you since the first time we met, but I never thought I would have the chance... You're such a catch..."
"Don't say that. You're a funny, enjoyable girl, with a nice body and, if you allow me to say, lips that I didn't know existed..."
She laughed before replying:
"I just love to give pleasure... To see you losing balance because of me was... fantastic! I have no limits when I'm someone's bitch..."
She looked at me like a really bad girl, her finger inside her mouth, and I almost couldn't believe what I had just heard. With my expression probably making my shock clear she continued:
"Mark, I'm a feminist and you know that. But in bed I like... to be used. It gives me pleasure... I hope you don't think I'm some whore..."
She seemed to blush a little, looking down, while I thought I was in heaven. I instantly pushed her chin up and replied:
"Claudia, the only thing I can think is that I should have asked you out sooner..."
She laughed shyly and got up, extending me her hand and saying:
"You told me you would show me your room?"

That night was memorable. We took a bath together and, while she washed herself, I could admire her body, a genuinely nice one for someone her age.
When we finally got to bed, she proved to be a volcano! After we started kissing, I gently asked her to open her legs and, returning the favor, started to lick and suck a nicely trimmed pussy while she moaned and screamed loudly, pushing my head against her and telling me how much she wanted to feel my cock inside her. A few moments later she came hard into my mouth and, not being able to hold back anymore, I put all the lubrication she produced to good use and shoved my cock inside her, turning her receding moans into a new wave of screams while I rocked my body in and out of her. Before I eventually cummed, a few minutes into our fucking, she came again, her eyes open wide and glazed as someone that is seeing heaven for the first time.
We collapsed and all was quiet for some time... I was so spent that I was almost asleep when I felt something wet on my then flaccid cock. Looking down in surprise, I saw her engulfing my little friend and starting to suck and lick, trying to wake it up, and smiling I just relaxed and enjoyed the sensation while watching her ass in the air. For a few moments I let myself go, thinking about how I would like to try her ass in the future when, suddenly, she said:
"I see you're awake again... You both..."
She smiled, licking my now rigid cock, and I replied:
"You are good in waking up people... and other things."
"Well, you need to wake up because there's something missing..."
"Something missing?"
"A hole. One I want you to use and abuse..."
I believe my jaw literally dropped, for she started to laugh and said:
"I told you how I am in bed. And I love to be fucked in the ass, the feeling of a cock deep inside my bowels..."
She was another person, the prude and cerebral woman I knew giving space to someone I was liking very much. At that point I didn't need any more stimulus, and I immediately jumped from the bed and got a lubricant I always have in a drawer. She smiled and asked me:
"How do you want to fuck my ass, sir?"
"I want to get you like a bitch, but I want to see your face when I thrust myself inside you. Get on your fours facing that side of the bed."
I pointed to the wardrobe, and while she positioned herself I opened a door where I had a full-body mirror. Going back to the other side of the bed, I smeared my cock and her ass with the lubricant and, with the tip of my cock pressing her hole, pushed her hair back so she would look into the mirror.
"Now, you little bitch, I want you to ask me to fuck your ass as the whore you are."
I was so on the edge that I wasn't thinking anymore, and for a moment I thought I could have gone too far, but as soon as she heard me her entire body trembled and she obeyed, almost imploring:
"Please, fuck me, fuck my ass, destroy my ass, I'm your fucking bitch, your whore!"
Even after having cummed twice that night I was on the edge. The sight of her full, slightly plump and saggy ass in the air, her face distorted with pleasure in the mirror and her hair pulled back by me was almost too much.
I pressed hard, and almost half of my cock got inside at once, making her scream in pain. I didn't relent though, and started to fuck her harder and harder, going deeper with each thrust, while she screamed more and more. She really liked to be dominated, though, as when the pain slowly subsided, she was already moaning and talking dirty:
"Yes, fuck me! I'm a fucking bitch, my ass is yours! Fill this hole with your cum as you did with the others, use me, I'm a whore, your whore!"
And I cummed, cummed hard while pulling her hair like I would rip her head off, calling her all the names I could think at the moment, until I could no more and collapsed over her body, my cock still inside her ass, sweating and panting.

We stayed like that for some time, recovering the best we could, until she finally said:
"Mark... I... It was wonderful!"
"You... You think it was wonderful? Claudia, I think I never came that hard in my life. You... You are something else, you know how to treat a man!"
She smiled, looking back to me the best she could, and asked:
"Now, honey, I'm spent... I need to eat something and rest. Can... Can I stay here this night? Please don't think I'm trying to..."
"Psst... Sure you can! Let's wash ourselves, I'll change the sheets and we eat something before going to sleep, ok?"

That night we slept in each other's arms, and six months after that she moved with me.
She and her three daughters...
Claudia had lived abroad when young and, while there, she married and had Isabella, Olivia and Hellen, that I came to know two months after our first fuck. She was still young when, after an ugly divorce, she came back to her (and my) country of origin with her three young daughters that, for all that matters, never had a real father since. They were twelve, six and one year old at the time, seventeen years before we met, and if you do the math you will find out that, consequently, when we moved together they were twenty-nine, twenty-three and eighteen respectively and, against all the probabilities, still lived with their mother, all three still single.
It was clear that Claudia's ex-husband's DNA had a huge impact on them. While Claudia is a brunette and have black eyes, her three daughters have dirty blonde hair and beautiful, crystal-clear blue eyes, and all three of them are prettier than her mother. Let me describe then to you:
Isabella, the older one, is very pretty, a little timid, with curly hair like her mother (albeit, as I said, blonde), delicate face features and very pretty and inviting lips. She has a slim, fit body, with medium-sized breasts and a small but pretty ass, and on the personality side she is clearly the most opinionated and short-tempered of the three, always having an opinion about things and sometimes being a little rude.
Olivia, at twenty-three, is the prettier one, stunning even, with a very slim and firm body, smaller tits than Isabella, and a very pretty and model-like face, with well-defined features. Her eyes are as blue as her sister's and she is a sweet, caring girl, full of dreams and with a melodious, sweet voice. She is, for sure, the dream wife of every boy.
Finally, there's Hellen... At eighteen, she is quite different from her two sisters, as she is fairly overweight. I don't know if this is a cause or a consequence, but the fact is that she is the timidest of the three and have a self-esteem problem, never having had a boyfriend at that point. Don't take me wrong - she is not an ugly girl, she is pretty and her smile is very sweet, with the same blue eyes as her sister's and plump and succulent ass and tits as a bonus for her weight. She could be more popular if she were slim, for sure, but her main problem was not her weight, but her emotional problems. Anyway, the first time I saw her in shorts all I could think was how she would look in bed like her mother, with her ass in the air and my cock buried inside her...
Well, back to the story... As I was saying, Claudia and I decided to live together and, as I am rich and have a big house and she struggled to make ends meet, she came to live with me. Her daughters were a little uncomfortable at first, but as soon as they found out they would have a bedroom each (they shared the same bedroom in Claudia's apartment) and that I had a pool and lived in a fantastic neighborhood, everything changed for better. In fact, I think that they were as excited as their mother when they finally moved in...

I should make it clear, now, that at that point I had never thought I would get inside the pants of any of Claudia's daughters, not to mention all three of them. Yes, I had very dirty dreams about them and used every opportunity to get a glimpse of their legs and asses when they were in the pool and, more than once, thought about them while fucking their. It was all just a fantasy though, the type of fantasy you think will never turn real, even knowing all three of them admired me, as Claudia told me once right after the sex, joking as she normally does:
"My daughters are really envious..."
"Of what?"
"Of me... Because of you!"
Claudia laughed hard, the cum I had just shot into her mouth still making a few bubbles on her lips and covering her face.
"What... What do you mean?"
I was being very careful, as my cock started to grow back as soon as I pictured those three thinking about me.
"They told me that as soon as we moved here. They asked me what I had done to marry someone as pretty as you, so they could do the same, and then started laughing."
Claudia was having a good time seeing my reaction that, I think, she thought was of shyness. If she could read my mind, however, she would know that I was just trying to hide all the bad thoughts that were crossing that same mind at the time and battling, albeit without much effort, the ideas that were forming inside my head.

Even so, to this day I still do not know exactly how it all started. My relationship with the girls was always very courteous and respectful, and they never, ever gave any indication that I could make a move. Yes, Hellen, being separated from her father since she was a baby, became rapidly attached to me, sometimes treating me like I was her father and being affectionate and caring with me, but nothing that could suggest she was thinking of me as a man.
On the other hand, Claudia's bed manners were sometimes a little... inadequate. When she fucks, she fucks... She screams, makes all sorts of noises, give herself completely, and even in a big house like mine I was sure her daughters could hear us down the corridor. I mentioned this to her a few times, asking her if this wasn't a little odd, only to hear that her daughters were adults and knew her mother was a sexually active woman, so there was no harm. I felt a little uncomfortable with the situation at first, but after some time I finally relaxed and gave Claudia what she wanted, using her in all the ways I could and making her cum repeatedly and scream like crazy while being my bitch.
And that was our life for a year or so: the girls living their lives and having a good, courteous relationship with me, Hellen being more and more attached to me as a "father", and her mother very happy with our marriage and with our time in bed.
Until that night...