Marcus tossed the broom at Bell as she approached the broom shed. "That's the best of the lot," he said by way of greeting. "Most of the others need the cushioning charms redone."

"I could fix it," she replied with a shrug. "But thanks. So what're you in the mood for? Racing between goal posts?"

"Just flying for a bit," Marcus said, getting onto his broom. "It's a nice day today."

"It's flipping cold, Flint," Bell ground out, getting onto her broom. She was bundled up in her winter uniform and robes and leaned in close to the broom to try and conserve warmth. "Why am I doing this again?"

"Because you love to fly as much as I do," he told her, grinning as he kicked off. "You'll warm up soon enough. Did you wear it?"

She kicked off the ground and met his height above the pitch. She pulled out the oval silver locket with gloved fingers to show him. "It really is lovely, Flint."

"Marcus," he told her helpfully. At her confused look, he smiled. "So you're a Chaser. And your birthday's early November and you like hazelnut and chocolate cake. And you're staying here for hols. Anything else I should know about you?"

"Getting to know me?"

"Something other than the insults you throw my way after practice," Marcus replied easily. "Got quite the mouth on you, Bell."

She flushed slightly. "Well, it's Quidditch. If you can't take it, get off the pitch."

"Quite right," he agreed. Now that she was on the pitch with him, that unsettled feeling that had come over him fell away.

"You know, this is entirely surreal. You're never this calm."

"It's different for games. But why wouldn't I be calm? There's nothing seventh year can throw at me that's new, really. I have a job lined up as soon as I have enough NEWTS to please my Mum. And you're here with me on the pitch. Why shouldn't I be calm?"

Bell bit her lip almost nervously. "It's... I'm used to hearing you cuss and swear at everyone in the middle of a game. I don't know what to make of this calmer side of you."

"Fuck you, Bell," Marcus said with a grin. "There, that better?"

She laughed, and he couldn't help but love the sound of it. "Yeah, actually. That I can deal with. I don't know how to take you being nice."

Marcus reached across the space between them and grabbed hold of her arm. She rocked on her broom, but her reflexes kicked in so that she didn't fall. He pulled her closer and seized her mouth in a kiss, his other hand winding its way into her hair. "I don't have nice thoughts about you, Bell. Not at all."

Her cheeks were flushed, possibly not all from the cold. "Oh." She blinked, unure of what to say.

"Oh? That's all you got, Bell? Just 'oh?' Nothing snarky to say?"

"That requires more brain power than you'd ever hope to have," Bell replied loftily. "I'm quite sure you're not worth the effort."

"There you are," he murmured, pleased. He still had his hand in her hair, cupping the back of her head. "I got more than the kiss if you like."

That flush was definitely not from the cold now. "You know, you should see Madame Pomfrey for that. It's not nice to go spreading diseases about."

"Not funny, Bell," Marcus growled. He pulled her closer and kissed her again. This time, instead of gripping her broom for balance, she caught hold of his broad shoulders. He liked the way that felt, and tried to deepen the kiss. She kept her lips firmly shut and backed up. He let the kiss end, not wanting her to tumble down to the ground thousands of feet below. "Afraid? Where's the Gryffindor bravery?"

"I'm not afraid of you," she returned, voice hoarse. "You're not anything to be afraid of. Word is, you can't get it up anyway."

"That's the word, eh? Want me to prove it wrong?"

Bell pushed back and away from his broom, expression unreadable. "We came here to fly, Flint. Scared I'll kick your arse?"

Marcus let it go for now. There was still Hogsmeade the following weekend. "I'll beat ya, Bell. Just you watch."

She won by two broomlengths.
***
There really weren't many places to take Bell in Hogsmeade, so it would have to the Three Broomsticks. Marcus had made arrangements for a table in an out of the way corner of the Broomsticks; this would let her deny it ever happened if she was so inclined. It was possibly more thought than he should have put into it, but for some reason he wanted to make a good impression. For some reason he was going out of his way to be nice to her. If she had been any of the other girls he'd dated in the past, they would have been up front and he would have been just as crude as he was on the pitch. For some reason, he couldn't do that around Bell very well.

She was in a red dress, the V neckline suggestive but not so low that it showed too much skin. She was polite and sweet at times, exasperating at others. Marcus was bending over backward being nice to her, and it seemed to go nowhere. Maybe he shouldn't be so nice? Marcus never got a chance to act on that thought. After dinner, Bell thanked him for a good time and gave him a chaste kiss before disappearing back into the castle, heading for Gryffindor Tower.

That was it. Flint had tried to be nice to her. And here it was, three months later and it had gotten him nowhere.

Katie Bell tended to do a little solo practice Friday evenings before dinner, with the Gryffindor team practice afterward. Marcus waited for her impatiently, and grabbed hold of her as she headed toward the locker rooms. They were empty, and he shuffled her inside the ladies' locker room and spelled the door shut. "What the bloody fuck, Flint?!"

He kissed her full on the mouth, pushing her up against the wall. "Merlin, I've wanted to do this all week," he groaned as he moved to kiss her cheeks and forehead.

"Are you daft, you bloody git! Can't you just talk to me like a normal person?"

Marcus picked her up and tucked her legs around his waist. It was easy enough to make her knickers vanish, and Bell was too busy yelling at him to notice. "You're not serious, Bell," Marcus growled. "It's been hard enough getting you alone, let alone to talk to you. That friend of yours is practically stuck to your side."

"You leave Leanne alone, you great big pillock. Fucking glowering at everyone and everything to overcompensate, aren't you?"

He laughed as he undid his trousers. "Oh, why don't I show you, Bell?" he teased, leaning in for a kiss as her eyes widened in surprise. He thrust into her swiftly, breaking through a barrier.

Marcus froze at Katie's screech of pain. Oh bloody fuck. "Bell?" he whispered against her ear, shocked. "But you..."

She hit his shoulder with her fist, gasping for breath and tears in her eyes. "Fucking hell, Flint. You giant, throbbing arse," she sobbed.

Feeling like a heel was new to Marcus. "But you talk like that on the pitch all the time," he whispered, stunned. "I thought you'd already..."

"Shut the hell up," she sobbed, pushing at his shoulders. "Let me down, you arse. Talking doesn't mean doing, and if you had any bloody sense, you'd know that."

Marcus reached between their bodies and found her clit. He started to stroke it as he kissed her temple. "I'm sorry, Bell. Katie." He struggled to stay still as she squirmed in his arms, and seized her mouth with his. She was gasping for breath, and he slid his tongue into her mouth. He stroked her tongue as his fingers stroked her clit, his cock still deep inside of her. She came, pulsing around him, hands clenched tight around his shoulders for balance. He didn't let up his stroking, and she made little gasping mewling sounds. She came again, and he groaned with the force of it. And then again, the pulsing making it hard for Marcus to breathe or keep still. He began to make shallow thrusts inside of her, and she was tight and wet. He groaned, his one hand tight around her arse to keep her balance, the other still rubbing at her clit. She made those soft mewling noises, those gasps, and came again around his cock.

"Fuck," he groaned, and pushed his entire length into her. She moaned, clutching at his shoulders and buried her face in the crook of his neck. "Merlin, Katie. Merlin, you feel so good." He groaned, eyes falling closed as he was close to coming as well. "Katie. Fuck, I'm gonna..." She trembled in his arms, fingers digging into his shoulders, breath hot and damp against his neck. She made a soft sound, lips by his skin, and it was just enough to shatter him. He came with a strangled groan and sagged against her.

When Marcus helped Katie to her feet, she looked down or away from him, almost shy. "That wasn't how it was supposed to be," she whispered softly, hands twisting together in front of her.

"What?" he asked, confused. "Katie?"

"Never mind," she murmured, looking up with a sad expression. "I need to go."

"Wait a minute, Katie," Marcus said, touching her cheek gently. "Let me help you clean up." He found a flannel from the supply bins and moistened it in the sink beside where they were standing. He wanted to kick himself at the forlorn look on her face, and simply knelt in front of her. He cleaned her up gently, resisting the urge to slide his fingers inside of her. He did press a kiss above the curls there when he was finished, and looked up when her breath hitched. Her hands were clasped in front of her mouth, and her eyes were wide and dark as she looked at him.

"Let me walk you back to the Great Hall," Marcus murmured, tossing the flannel aside. There was blood and spent seed, and she looked like a lost thing in the empty locker room. He stood and tugged on a lock of her hair, twisting it about his finger. "Katie?"

Her lips trembled and she looked almost ready to cry. "Yeah," she replied, voice rough. "Let's go back to the Great Hall."
***
Katie was glad that there wasn't anyone up in the dorms in Gryffindor Tower. She headed straight for the bathroom and ducked into the shower, her uniform wadded into the corner of the room. She turned the water on full blast, the easier to hide the tears that had threatened to fall the entire time she had been at dinner. "That arse," she sobbed, wrapping her arms around herself. So much for dreaming of something romantic. He'd been nice to her, and she had thought that she would get a chance to mention he'd be her first. And then he would make something special out of it, and maybe he'd even talk to her in front of everyone at mealtimes instead of sneaking about like he was ashamed of her. She took a great big breath, but still dissolved into tears. She'd built up this image of him, and he'd gone and ruined it all by just wanting her for sex. Not that she hadn't wanted him for sex, too, but she'd hoped it would have been more than just physical.

Why did he have to be such a guy about it? And how was she supposed to face him now that he'd ruined every fantasy she'd had about him? How was she going to be able to look at him and not want to cry for all the lost possibilities? He knew her schedule, so she'd have to change it if she wanted to avoid him.

Katie wiped at her face and shut off the shower. She sniffled and took a long look at herself in the mirror. That was it, then. She'd have to just avoid Marcus and tell herself to stop dreaming about him at night.

That was much easier said than done.
***
She avoided him through the rest of term and into hols. Marcus waited for her at all of her usual spots, but she had disappeared or wasn't ever alone. She looked sad at mealtimes, and he tried to stare her down the way he used to, hoping she would look at him again. The other Slytherins probably thought he was trying to intimidate the Gryffindor Chaser, but he just wanted her to look up, even once. She never did.

He found her in an empty corridor by a stairwell during hols. "Bell!" he hissed, and she froze. He had her cornered by the stairwell. "You've been avoiding me."

She looked up at him finally, and her mouth opened as if she was about to say something. But her lip trembled as it had in the locker room, and then she burst into tears. She wiped at her eyes angrily, obviously upset with herself for crying in front of him. He stroked her face gently, brows furrowed in concern. "You hurt me," she whispered, pushing his hand away. "You've ruined it."

Marcus sighed. "Well, I didn't know. And you've avoided me, so I couldn't tell you I'd redo it."

Katie Bell looked at him incredulously. "You can't redo a first time, you idiot!"

"Why don't you decide after I fix things?" he asked, seizing hold of her hand. "I'll show you how I'd've done it if I'd known."

He dragged her up toward a hallway she didn't know, and a door appeared in the wall. He pulled her inside and let the door slide shut behind them. The room was fairly small, but had a plush king sized bed and plenty of low tables with candles and flowers everywhere. Katie's mouth dropped open at the sight of it. "I thought this might work for a good girl," Marcus murmured, moving behind her. He bent down and kissed the nape of her neck, pushing her ponytail out of his way. His hands moved to her front, and he slowly undid the buttons on her blouse as she sputtered in surprise. "Katie," he murmured, nipping at her shoulder. "You don't have to be anywhere for hours, do you?"

She shook her head. "N-no," she whispered, eyes wide as saucers as he moved around to her front and quickly removed the rest of her clothing.

Marcus sighed at the sight of her. She had curves in all the right places. Maybe she wasn't the most generously endowed girl, but Marcus didn't like anything huge anyway. He guided her to the bed and let her fall back onto it. He knelt beside her, then leaned down to take one of her pert breasts into his mouth. Katie sighed, a hand working its way to thread her fingers through his dark hair. The other caught hold of his shoulder, nails digging in through his shirt. He sucked on her breast, tongue swirling about the nipple pebbling between his lips. He was balancing his weight on his right hand, and his left wound its way down her belly to the juncture of her thighs. She gasped as he found her clit and moist slit. He wanted to laugh, but that wasn't the kind of thing that girls liked with their first time fantasies. Not that he'd done research or anything. Not at all. Slytherins took what they wanted, and didn't care about what the girls wanted. Right.

Katie's legs splayed as she tilted her hips toward his hand. She moaned, head thrown back as his fingers slid inside her and his thumb hit her clit just right. She trembled beneath his mouth, and he sucked a little harder. Her hands tightened on him as she gasped, moaning something that might have been his name. Marcus smiled around her breast, then left it to suckle its sister. Katie sucked in a ragged breath at the contact, hips starting to buck against his hand. She moaned softly, body starting to tighten. "Marcus," she whispered, her voice sounding more like a whine.

Marcus kept up the pace and kissed the valley between her breasts. "I'm going to keep going, Katie," he murmured against her skin. "Just like this, until you've come. And then keep going until you tell me you're ready."

She moaned, writhing beneath his fingers, legs twisting. "M-marcus," she moaned, head thrown back as she panted. Her body tightened, and he could feel her constrict around his fingers. She let out a groan as she came, but Marcus didn't let up. He continued to stroke her clit, fingers inside of her as he licked the undersides of her breasts. Katie made a soft sound, almost like a sob as she twisted beneath his mouth, hands digging into his shoulders as she arched up. She came again, and Marcus kissed his way down her belly to take her clit between his lips. Katie nearly arched up off of the bed when he sucked on it gently, crying out in pleasure. He licked it, taking his time in getting her to come again. He crooked his fingers inside of her, the flat of his tongue on her clit, and Katie nearly wailed when she came again. "Marcus!" she sobbed, pulling at his hair to pull him up from between her legs. "Merlin, I need you inside me now."

He shed his clothes as fast as he could and buried himself inside her to the hilt. "Fuck, Katie," he groaned. He thrust into her, her legs drawn up around his waist and her nails raking trails of fire down his back. "Fuck, yes, like that," he groaned against her ear. She made soft mewling noises, clawing at him, bucking beneath him and pressing her mouth against his neck as she struggled for breath. "I can't... Katie, fuck, fuck, I'm gonna..." And then he came inside of her, hard enough to see stars behind his eyes.

Marcus tucked his head into the crook of her neck afterward. "Fuck, Katie," he breathed, fingers tangled with hers.

"I thought you just did," she replied cheekily, grinning.

He swatted her breast playfully. "Hush, you."

"I thought you were an inconsiderate bastard, you know," she murmured, running her fingers through his hair. "I thought you didn't like me, that you only wanted the sex."

"What gave you that idea, you daft bint? Here I go, making sure to catch you alone all the time so you don't have to answer any annoying questions from your mates or mine and you think I didn't like you?!"

She shrugged and gave him a half smile. "You didn't tell me it was because of that. I thought you just liked messing with me."

Marcus licked the nipple next to his face and laughed at her indrawn hiss of breath. "Of course I like messing with you. And fucking you. Merlin, I can do that for hours." He stroked the side of her face softly. "I thought you were this girl that wanted someone nice. But you didn't say anything when I was like that."

Katie rolled her eyes. "You? Nice? The world is coming to an end."

He pushed himself up to his elbows above her and grinned down at her. "So fuck that. You're getting the real me."

She touched his mouth gently, her lips curving into a soft smile. "That's all I ever wanted."

He slid into her again. "Good, 'cause that's all you're ever going to get."
***
They snuck around the castle or on Hogsmeade weekends once term began again. Katie had this secret that kept her insides melting into a puddle of goo that she couldn't share with anyone, not even her best friend Leanne, and Marcus glowered at anyone that dared hint that he was getting too attached to a Gryffindor. He noted that Malfoy didn't tease him overmuch about that, even if the boy seemed to have no real sense otherwise.

Sirius Black tore up Gryffindor Tower after the Gryffindor-Ravenclaw match, and a real sense of terror seemed to strike the castle. As everyone bedded down in the Great Hall, Marcus met Katie's eyes from their respective corners of the Hall. When Katie got up, ostensibly to use the loo, of course he found a reason to get up as well. He shagged her up against the wall in the corridor, her nails digging into his shoulders and her teeth marking the skin of his neck as she tried to keep silent. Marcus wore a low necked shirt the next day, the edges of the teeth marks visible on his neck. If she had any marks from where his fingers pressed into her soft bottom, she never told him.

Gryffindor soundly beat Slytherin and won the Quidditch Cup, which Katie had boasted they would do for months. Marcus simply shut her up with a kiss, which tended to end in heated sex somewhere in the castle. "What will you do next year?" Katie asked, final exams coming up with incredible speed. She almost didn't want to ask, but couldn't help herself.

Marcus pulled back and looked at Katie in concern. "Working with my Dad in the shop. I told you. I'm certain I've enough NEWTS to satisfy Mum this time around. Meaning, at least one," he added with a smile. He frowned when she didn't laugh at the joke with him. "What?"

"You're graduating this time. You're leaving."

"You're asking me to skive off exams?"

"No," Katie said, shaking her head. "I couldn't ever ask that. But you're leaving. And I'll still be here another three years."

Marcus couldn't help but feel his heart sink at the words. Did she want to break it off now? Did she want him to leave and never contact her again? "Katie..."

"Would you write? Or visit?" she asked, voice warbling. "Would you even want to see me?"

His mouth crashed onto hers before the question was even finished. His hands slid beneath her blouse to touch her bare skin. "You're a cow for even thinking I wouldn't," he growled at her between kisses. "I told you, you're mine. No one else's."

Katie shuddered beneath his mouth on her neck. "How? You'll be so far away..."

"I can Apparate. There's owls and portkeys and Floo. We're Magical, Katie Bell. Don't tell me it won't work."

She nearly cried in her relief, straddling his waist as she sat on his lap. "I want it to," she whispered, threading her fingers through his hair. "I want it to so much."

"Daft bint," he murmured, bringing her down for another kiss. "But you're mine and you're going to stay that way."
***
***