Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues 
(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: …"i've gone as far in society as i'd like to"
Warning: Recruitment of a Turk.
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 Fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Reno, Rod, Tseng and Veld
POV: Tseng

TATTOO

Tseng was unsure about this. He looked over at the young man who was currently tethered to a chair with a pair of handcuffs and asking for a cigarette and coffee. He had been watching the boy for more than an hour through the window in the interrogation room and was not impressed by the wild red-haired troublemaker. It did not take him long before he became annoyed at listening to the man's banter and had muted the sound.

~his slang his absolutely horrible~

"He shows promise."

He looked over at Veld who was staring at young detainee. Tseng did not see any 'promise' in the young man. He only saw trouble.

The man had stolen three of Shin-Ra's cars in the last month and had trashed them all. He was finally caught on the last one. Tseng had initially instructed his Turks to kill the thief doing the damage to the fleet. It was Veld that changed the orders after the second crash. He wanted to see who this person who was getting past their security and surviving the horrific crashes.

"He has tattoos on his face, sir," Tseng said simply. The redhead was finally given a cigarette. Rude had finally taken pity on him and lit it for him.

~or got tired of his whining~

It was the strangest marking he had seen for facial tattoos; two simple red slashes under his eyes that matched the colour of his hair.

"The boy got past our most sophisticated security plans and survived three very horrific-looking car crashes. Can you not see the promise?" Veld said simply as he turned to him.

He watched the redhead suck on the cigarette and talk around it. Tseng was grateful that he didn't have to hear another 'yo' from the man.

"A tattoo on your face basically says, 'I've gone as far in society as I'd like to'," Tseng said as he was rather annoyed that the boy was being given so much consideration. He watched as the prisoner reached and pulled the cigarette out of his mouth and leaned back in his chair. "What the hell?" Tseng said, quite alarmed.

The redhead was supposed to be secured to the chair and he could see that the cuffs were still attached but the criminal was not. He saw the redhead give a small wink, as if he knew that there were people watching behind the glass before he set himself in a sloppy, relaxed pose. He took a deep drag off the smoke.

Veld turned to him and smiled. "All the more reason for him to become a Turk."

"he had a TATTOO on his FACE. a tattoo on your face basically says "i've gone as far in society as i'd like to" - inspirational text from TheOtherKeybladeMaster (aka, My First Stalker)

Chapter 50! Wow. How did I get so far in the story and I still have a bunch in my file folder almost ready to go, but you may have to wait a little while. RL is becoming a problem.

Toodles for now fans!

Thank you all for reviewing!