The Black Dress
by English Bob©


Naomi Porter watched her son as he rooted through the attic junk. Rees was a 
good boy and, at eighteen years old, could have found much more interesting 
things to do with his time than help his mother clear out rubbish - of that much 
Naomi was sure.

"There's a big box of clothes down here." He called

"Okay, can you pull it over so we can see what's in it?"

As Rees struggled to pull the large crate out into a space where they could both 
inspect the contents, Naomi looked around the gloom of the attic. All this stuff 
seemed like it belonged to another lifetime, an unfulfilled lifetime she had 
shared with her, now, ex-husband. At thirty four years old, Naomi Porter's 
fortune - and her life - had changed almost eleven years ago.

She had been singing one night at a local charity benefit in her local town. 
There had been talk amongst the performers of the possible arrival of a talent 
scout from a big city firm and, of course, Naomi was also excited at the 
prospect of being "discovered". But she was a realist and never really expected 
to get noticed herself. Besides which, if she had of been seen, she knew that 
her husband would have put up fierce opposition to her taking off for a life on 
tour.

But Naomi was noticed. Her performance that night was one of the best of her 
life and she excelled, putting the rest of the performers that night firmly in 
the shade of her lime-light. The scout had little choice. She was the freshest 
thing that he had seen for ages and he lost no time in offering her a series of 
bookings, singing backing to one of the top stars that his company managed. 
Naomi knew that there would be fights and heated arguements at home, but she 
also knew that there was one person, one man, that would be on her side and 
support her.

"Just seems to be a few old dresses and an old computer in here."

Rees's voice snapped Naomi from her daydream and brought hr back to the present. 
Slowly she peered into the box. She knew what was in there even before she 
looked and her skin was already beginning to tingle with anticipation. Her hand 
reached in and touched the soft material of the dress. It was folded neatly and 
she carefully blew the dust from the fabric. She brought the garment up to her 
face and inhaled the dusty aroma. Dispite the dust the familiar scent came 
rushing back to assault her senses like an electric shock. 

"Guess we better throw all this junk out?" Rees commented.

But Naomi was lost in her own thoughts. She stood in front of a mirror that was 
against the wall and wiped the thick dust away with her hand. She held the dress 
in front of her. Her thoughts were now completely lost in a dream-like world as 
she remembered back to the last day she had worn the dress - the day her career 
started....

Naomi sang all the way back home in the car. She felt as light as the very air 
itself and she seemed to float in through the front door. Her hand reached out 
for the light switch. As the lounge suddenly became illuminated her heart fell 
as she remembered she was the only one in the house. Her husband was working 
away again and her father was looking after young Rees for the night at his home 
only a few miles away. She checked her watch and felt her heart race slightly. 
It was 11pm. She knew there was one person that she could tell her news to that 
would be pleased for her. She just hoped that Bob would still be on-line.

Leaping the stairs two at a time she hurried to her bedroom and the computer - 
her only means of contact with a man she had never met but made her feel so 
good, so wanted. Naomi cursed the machine as the cables from her microphone and camera became entangled. She checked her watch again and felt a rising panic. 
She had to log on soon to the Internet or he might be gone. She was so excited 
and wanted to share her joyful news with him.

The dial-up delay seemed to last for ages as she watched the blank screen. She 
could feel her palms sweating slightly. 

Waiting...waiting..waiting...and the suddenly she was on-line. Her eyes searched 
in vain for Bob's name and her heart sank as she realised that he wasn't there.

"Fuck!" she swore under her breath.

Deciding to leave the computer running for a few minutes, Naomi, disappointed at 
not being able to share her feelings, started to prepare for bed. It would be a 
long conversation with her husband on his return tomorrow, she reasoned, so 
better get a good nights sleep. But she knew that sleep wasn't what she really 
wanted.

Just as she was sitting on her bed and about to take her high heeled shoes off, 
Naomi heard the familiar sound of the log-in chimes from the computer speakers. 
For a moment she was sure that her heart had stopped beating. She froze, her 
shoe half dangling from her stockinged foot, her breath held in anticipation. 
Could it be him? She hardly dared to think. She wanted so much to check the 
screen for his name again, but was scared that it would only be one of her 
girlfriends trying to find out how the concert went.

Slowly she moved towards the computer. She caught her breath as she saw his name highlighted. He was there! Another chime from the speakers indicated that he had sent her a message. Her fingers trembled on the keyboard as she looked.

*How are you, sweetheart? How was the concert?*

He had remembered! She knew that he would never let her down! Her fingers began to fly across the keys as she typed her reply. She seemed to type and type, 
telling him all about the concert and how the scout had approached her 
afterwards.

*You're on your way! I knew it would happen!*

The message was clear and to the point. Naomi and Bob had been conversing via 
the internet for nearly a year and in that time she had revealed more about her 
innermost desires and fantasies to this man than she had to anyone else in her 
life. He knew well her ambition to succeed as a singer, but she had also told 
him of her need for a dominant male. Bob had fulfilled this need in every way 
apart from physical contact. He was firm with her but gentle, teasing her mind 
with his words and setting her body on fire with his suggested instructions.

*Did you wear the black dress?*

Again the computer chimed as the message flashed up in front tof her eyes. Naomi 
smiled. Bob had told her to wear the dress for the concert and he knew full well 
that she wouldn't disappoint him

*Yes I did!*

*I told you it would help, didn't I!*

*Yes!..actually I just got home...I'm still wearing it!*

There was a long pause. Smoetimes Naomi thought that Bob did this on purpose 
just to tease her. When his reply finally came it was, as always, short and to 
the point. 

*Show me*

Naomi held her breath for a moment. For months the couple had been enjoying a 
very close on-line relationship; intimate. They had both masturbated for each 
other and described the feelings that their actions elicited. They had teased 
and stimulated each other vebally, but the camera was new and Naomi was still a 
little shy about it.

*Show me*

The message popped up again on Naomi's screen, promting her to reply. She knew 
she wanted to show him, she knew that letting this man see her in the clothes 
that he had selected for her to wear was exactly what he wanted. She wanted it 
too but her fingers shook as she clicked the button to connect her camera.

Bob Reynolds sat at his computer and watched the screen. He had sensed that, 
tonight, his Naomi was more excited than usual. He prided himself on knowing her 
well and could usually tell what sort of mood she was in. He had asked her to 
show herself on her camera before, but when she was reluctant he hadn't pushed 
the request. But this time he knew was different and his eyes lit up when he saw 
the picture of her bedroom displayed on his screen.

Slowly, Naomi appeared on the screen sitting on the edge of her bed in front of 
her computer. Bob almost gasped. She was so beautiful. More beautiful than the 
picture that she had sent him made her look. He could see her smiling at him and 
could almost make out a twinkle in her eye. The dress also looked extremely 
attractive. Short and black - as she had described. She turned and Bob could see 
the zipper that ran down the back. He could also see the black stockings that he 
had also requested that she wear. There were a pair of black high heeled shoes 
left on the carpet and Bob smiled to himself. Naomi's stocking feet were always 
a turn on for him and he loved to advise her on what colour nail polish to wear.

Suddenly he was aware that he was watching another man's wife, but this couldn't 
really be construed as cheating, he reasoned, and Naomi had told him on many 
occasions that sex with her husband had never been exciting. The look on her 
face told him that his Naomi was just as keen to continue this as he was!

Naomi could almost feel her on-line lover watching her. She was in a strange 
mood - that much she knew. So much had happened tonight and she wanted to keep the dream-like evening alive. She wanted to please Bob so much. She knew that he had been disappointed by her earlier reluctance to connect her camera but adored him for the unceasing patience that he had shown. But tonight she wanted to go further with him. She wanted to make their relationship as complete as possible. Her whole body seemed to tingle in anticipation and, when the request finally came, she was more than ready for it.

*Pull the dress up please, Naomi.*

She took a deep breath and held it. This was the moment that she had been 
waiting for and she wanted to make it good for her man. She licked her lips as 
she grasped the hem of the black dress and began to slowly pull it up over her 
lithe body.

Bob could feel the pressure buliding in the crotch of his jeans as he saw his 
beauty's body slowly exposed. Naomi always gave him an erection and he had 
masturbated to climax on several occasions as she talked to him. But this was 
different. He had plans!

For a moment Bob had trouble expressing how he felt. He knew that Naomi loved 
the way he talked to her; how he put his thoughts into words and how he 
described to her exactly what he wanted her to do. She had never let him down 
and he offered a silent prayer that his brain wouldn't fail him now.

*You look sensational!* was all he could manage to say at that point and cursed 
himself for his lack of imagination as soon as he had sent the message. His eyes 
were glued to the screen and he saw Naomi smile at him. He relaxed. He sensed 
that the ice had been broken and all of a sudden ideas began to flood his mind.

Dispite the cool night air, Naomi felt hotter than she had ever felt in her 
life. The dress lay crumpled on the floor as she sat on the bed in just a pair 
of black panties and her stockings. She could feel that her nipples were hard 
and swollen - this was something that always happened when she talked to Bob. 
She longed to touch them, feel the stiff protrusions dig into her palms as she 
massaged the firm orbs, but she knew better. She knew to wait for his words 
before acting herself.

*Touch your breasts for me*

She smiled again sensing that he was reading her mind. Her hands cupped the 
swell of her breasts. She gasped out loud as the points of her nipples came into 
contact with her palms and she quickly began to roll the hard buds between her 
fingers. She continued as requested for three or four minutes feeling the heat 
rising from the tips of her toes to permeate through her entire body. She was 
just beginning to feel alive when suddendly another message appeared.

*Stop..Now!*

She was used to this sort of message and immediately did as she was told. Bob 
liked to tease her and she loved the build up to a climax time and time again.

*Take off the stockings now please*

Without hesitation, Naomi rolled the black nylons slowly down her long, slender 
legs. She knew that Bob would be watching closely and wanted to make a show of 
it. She stretched her legs out in front of her and pointed her toes, pulling the 
black nylon from the ends of her feet. She knew that a view of this would please 
him.

Bob continued to watch with growing excitement. His cock was now throbbing 
almost painfully and, relenting, he carefully unzipped his jeans and eased his 
manhood out into the open. His hand slowly massaged the head as he watched.

*Now take off your panties please, Naomi.*

Bob's fingers trembled on the keys as he typed the words. He knew that she 
wouldn't disappoint him but to request this of another man's wife was dangerous. 
He need not have worried. With another wide, pretty smile, Naomi lifted her butt 
from the bed and peeled off the black underwear.

Bob gasped again. His lover had always made a point of telling him that she kept 
her pussy smooth and sleek but he could see now that the entire area that 
surrounded her moist vagina was completely hairless.

Naomi felt her body react as she finally pulled away the last vestages of her 
attire and sat naked for the first time for her lover. Dispite the fact that she 
had always shied away fom the camera, and had expected to feel embarrassed or at least a littl shy, she currently felt nothing but intense excitement. She could 
also feel the dampness between her legs and longed to touch herself - to be 
touched by him - but she sat and awaited his comments as she knew she must.

There was a pause before the next message and Naomi was a little confused. Now 
that he had seen her, was the mystique lost? Had they both made a big msitake by 
taking the relationship to this level?

*You are one of the sexiest creatures I have ever seen, my darling!*

Naomi could have cried for joy when the message flashed up on her screen. Now 
she wanted to do more for him. She wanted to do everything for him.

*Kneel on the bed, Naomi. I want to see you on your knees for me.*

As Naomi complied with the request, so the messages started to come more 
quickly. They were badly spelled and she smiled to herself thinking of her lover 
stroking his solid erection and typing with one hand. She was so pleased that 
she was having this sort of effect on him.

As asked, Naomi spread her knees as she knealt on the bed. Her hand moved 
between her legs and she felt for the first time how completely wet she was. Her 
still painted lips parted in a quiet moan as her finger slid between the slick 
folds of her sex and searched out her hard clitoris. She forced her eyes open as 
she continued to read the messages that were displayed for her.

*Rub your clit slowly for me, darling*

This was a tough request to comply with. Naomi's clitoris was hard and stiff and 
was almost begging her to rub it faster and faster. But again, Naomi complied. 
She knew there was no fear of punishment or retribution for a disobeying, her 
conformity was born out of the simple need to please her lover.

*Faster now*

Naomi offered a silent word of thanks as she was allowed to masturbate faster. 
Her finger, wet with her copious juice, slid easily over her clit and inside her 
vagina. She could feel herself building towards an inevitable climax and wanted 
him to be able to see. Edging her body around on the bed she turned so that her 
open legs were in a direct line with her camera.

*Ohhh..Naomi...that looks so good!..my cock is aching...cum for me my 
darling...cum for me!*

Bob squeezed hard at the base of his cock to stop himself from cumming as he 
watched in detail as his lover brought herself to climax. He saw her legs 
tremble and her back arch deeply. Her head lolled back, her shoulder length hair 
- just the way he had asked her to wear it - tumbled over her shoulders and 
matted to the thin sheen of perspiration that covered her forehead. She was 
cumming hard. There was no need for messaging now, his lover was in her own 
world of ecstatic pleasure.

As she began to come down, Bob knew it was time to act and to act fast. He 
didn't want her to lose the sensations that he knew were currently coursing 
through her body.

*Pick up you vibrator, Naomi*

He watched her read the message and immediately pick up the thin blue vibrator 
that she had told him she kept on her bed-side table. 

*On your back, please*

Again Naomi did as requested and without further instruction spread her long 
legs wide open.

Naomi Hands were shaking as her fingers twisted the base of the vibrator. A 
shiver went through her body as she heard the sex toy buzz into life. She could 
feel her pussy contacting still with the effects of her recent orgasm but 
determined to keep her eyes glued to the screen. She was quietly awaiting 
further instructions.

When the message came at last she was so excited that her wet fingers slipped on 
the sleek shaft of the vibrator and dropped it onto the bed between her legs. He 
giggled as she picked it up quickly and prepared herself for penetrated again.

Naomi's eyes closed as the vib slipped easily between her wet lips. The second, 
smaller climax hit her almost immediately and her hips bucked up from the bed 
intensifying her contact with the vibrator. She knew what he wanted to see and 
was happy to do so. 

Bob looked on as he watched Naomi's hands busy at her pussy. The fingers of one 
hand slowly opened her sex lips, and he was reminded of a flower in bloom. And 
then the vibrator sank deep inside her. He rubbed his cock again. The erection 
had sustained for what seemed like agaes and he knew that he had to have some 
release soon. He cuppedhis balls. They felt full and heavy. If he could only 
just last out a few more minutes. He could see that Naomi was about to cum once 
again and wanted to time himself perfectly with her.

As if his lover could read his mind she immediately sat up and looked directly 
into the camera. Her legs were spread so wide on the bed that Bob thought the 
position must have been a little uncomfortable. 

Naomi pushed the vibrator in and out of her pussy at lightening speed. Her legs 
felt like jelly now but she knew that Bob would also be mastrurbating and wanted 
so much for them to cum together. She could almost sense his presence in the 
room with her. She could feel her legs shake. She could feel the hard buds of 
her nipples as the warm glow began to creep over heryet again. As she climaxed 
for the third time she knew....she knew that it was right...she knew that they 
had both cum together..........

"Hey mom? The dress? The computer? What are we going to do, throw them all out?"

Naomi's eyes opend quickly and stared into the mirror. The dress didn't seem to 
have changed much and she was fairly sure that she hadn't either. Exercise and a 
good diet had ensured that she had retained her girlish figure.

"Mmm? Sorry honey, what were you saying?"

Rees sighed in an over-exasperated fashion and rolled his eyes up to the ceiling.

"The dress?"

Naomi carefully folded the dress and placed it under her arm. "No I'll not be 
throwing this away, honey." she said casually. "Anyway, that computer might 
still be okay. You want to try it?"

"No sorry. I said I'd go over to Dave's house tonight. You be okay on your own?"

"Sure, but help me take the computer down first okay?"

Naomi smiled as she watched her son climb down the attic ladder, carrying the 
box full of computer equipment. He would set it up for her, she knew. She 
wondered if it would still work.

For the rest of the evening, Naomi tried to put the computer and the dress out 
of her mind. She admonished herself on several occasions believing that she was 
behaving like a silly teenager, but she just couldn't get the earlier memory out 
of her mind.

Finally, at just after 11pm, Naomi trudged up the stairs to prepare for bed. As 
she entered her room she smiled as she saw that Rees had set up the old computer 
in the corner of the room. She smiled to herself and then shivered as a thought 
crossed her mind. Surely there had been too many years gone by? He would be in a 
completely diffent part of the world by now, wouldn't her? Would he even 
remember her? The thoughts kept streaming through her mind as she sat infront of 
the strangely familiar screen and began to type passwords that she knew she 
would never forget. As the dial-up connected quickly through the new cable 
system, she almost reached out to switch the machine off. But something, some 
force pulled her hand back. She just had to know.

As the old familiar names instantly appeared on the screen in front of Naomi's 
eyes. She gasped. Surely it couldn't be, could it? Not after all this time? But 
there it was; Bob's name highlighted as logged into the system. She suddenly 
realised that she had been holding her breath and let out a silent whistle. What 
should she do? What could she do - she had no choice. With trembling fingers she 
clicked onto her lovers name and typed: *Hello*

It seemed an age before the message was returned and Naomi was just about to 
give up and go to bed.

*Hi darling! Its been a while. Saw you on TV yesterday, it seems that I was 
right; you're a star!*

There was another brief pause before the next message appeared.

*Do you still have that black dress?"

The End 








