After he dropped Emily and Clooney back at Quantico and got to the hotel, he discovered Derek had beaten him there. Not that he was surprised, but it was annoying that Derek would have his choice of beds. It was stupid to get annoyed over something like that, but Dave always slept in the bed next to the bathroom. Call it paranoia, but he didn't like being too close to the window.

He let himself into the room and found Derek sprawled on the bed Dave wanted. He had a half-full rocks glass in his hand, and three minibar bottles were empty on the nightstand. Great. Not only was Derek brooding, but now he was going to be drunk and brooding.

Dave dropped his bag on the floor, unwilling to concede defeat by taking the bed by the window. "What's your problem?" he demanded, glaring at Derek.

"My problem?" Derek repeated, staring at him. "My problem? Man, you are something else. Hotch is missing, Foyet used my badge and gun to get him, and we don't know where they hell they are or what the hell Foyet's going to do to him...and you ask me what my problem is? What's your problem?"

"My problem, at the moment," Dave said, "is some young punk thinks he's going to sleep in the bed by the bathroom. Not to mention the fact that he's drunk and brooding, and I'm just not in the mood to do any more babysitting for the night."

"Fuck you, Rossi!" Derek said. "I'm sick to death of your superior attitude. You might have been top dog once, but you're not running this department any more, and you're no better than the rest of us, no matter how much money you've got."

Dave blinked at him, surprised. "You think I think I'm better than you?" he said, and shook his head. "No, Derek. That's not it at all. Are you kidding? The thing is, I see too much of myself in you. You're passionate, you're driven, and one of these days you're going to burn out. You're pushing yourself too hard and taking too much on yourself. You'll end up walking away just like I did, and regretting it every day of your life--just like I did. I don't want to see you with three failed marriages and a drinking habit just because you repeated mistakes I'd already made."

"We are nothing alike," Derek snapped. "You and me got nothing in common."

"Other than the fact that we're both from Chicago? Other than the fact that we both keep a hell of a lot of ourselves private while pretending to be charming and open? Other than the fact that family is important to us both?" Dave shrugged. "Maybe you're right. I happen to think we have a lot in common."

Derek snorted. "Yeah, well, at least we know we got the same taste in women," he muttered.

"Unavailable?" Dave said, smiling faintly.

"Yeah, sure, that's why Jordan Todd looks like you hung the moon every time you're around."

"She's a good kid," Dave said amiably. "But I'm not dating her, Derek."

"Sure you're not." Derek drained his glass.

"What's the real problem here, Derek?"

"What's that supposed to mean?" Derek demanded. There was a defensive edge to his voice that told Dave he was on the right track.

"Just what it sounds like," he said, countering Derek's question with a cryptic statement of his own. "What's the real problem here? Why are you really angry at me? It's not Jordan."

"The hell it's not," Derek muttered, and surged up off the bed. Even with that warning, Dave didn't see it coming; he was surprised when Derek's hands closed on his shoulders. A moment later Derek was pushing him back against the wall. Dave could have fought it off--despite the fact that he left the tackling and chasing to younger agents most of the time, he could still pull it off--but he was curious about Derek's intentions. So he let Derek push him backwards, pressing their bodies together. It was unexpected, for all that Dave had deduced some time ago that there was chemistry between them.

"You want to know what the real problem is, Rossi?" Derek grated. He leaned up into Dave's personal space, their faces only a few inches apart. Derek looked angry. Dave thought, as always, that the spark of passion in his eyes was very flattering. "The real problem is that I can't fucking get you out of my head, and it's driving me fucking crazy."

Dave couldn't deny he was a little breathless. Derek was damn sexy when he took charge like that. "Then do something about it," he murmured, daring Derek with his gaze.

Derek took the dare. He glared at Dave for a moment, then lunged in and pressed their lips together. It was almost a mockery of a kiss, it was so angry and rough. Dave didn't really mind, but he did object to Derek treating this like it was nothing more than anger being channeled into lust. So Dave met the kiss, but he didn't let Derek control it. He slid a hand up to curl against the back of Derek's head, then wrapped an arm around the trim waist. He pulled Derek closer, shifting against Derek, coaxing him with lips and tongue into a more gentle kiss.

Derek went for it. He groaned and leaned in against Dave, letting him have a hint of teeth as one hand went up to stroke through Dave's hair. God, Derek was sexy. Dave echoed Derek's groan, tightening his arm around Derek's waist. He wanted this like he hadn't wanted anything in a long time. Derek was young and sexy and passionate and a damn good agent, and Dave wanted him in his bed.

The kiss gentled, then grew more demanding, more passionate. It changed from a duel of tongue and lips into a conversation of sorts, a dialogue between them that told Dave what Derek wanted, and vice versa. Of course, Dave got a little more explicit when he let a hand slip down to cup Derek's ass, but he didn't really think that was a problem.

Derek gasped and arched against him, and then he was tugging Dave towards the bed. Their hands fumbled with buttons and zippers, tugging shirts over heads. They pushed their shoes off and Derek shoved his go bag off the bed. Then they were tumbling together onto the bed, half naked and still kissing. Dave's hands were stroking down those incredible washboard abs and Derek's fingers were in Dave's hair. Dave's lips trailed down Derek's throat to bite at his Adam's apple, eliciting a moan. Then they were rocking against each other as they kissed. Dave wondered if Derek had ever had sex with a man before. He wondered if it mattered.

Their combined lust built too rapidly to be contained or channeled. It was only a few minutes before Derek was gasping and arching under Dave, and then hot, sticky come flowed between them. Dave's name was on Derek's lips, which was flattering. When Dave came a minute later, it was more quietly, but with focus.

They came down slowly from the high of sex, and Derek's hands were never completely still on Dave's body. They trailed across his back, stroked up his arms, slid down to cup his ass... Before long Dave was following suit and he could tell they were both getting wound up again.

"Condom?" Dave murmured, trying to make it as more than one question: Where are the condoms went hand in hand with Is this okay.

Derek fumbled behind him, then pushed Dave away for a minute. He had a condom in his wallet. Of course he did. Dave almost laughed, but there was something endearing and almost vulnerable about how Derek pulled it out of his wallet and looked defiantly at Dave. I dare you to make fun of me for this, his expression said, and Dave couldn't take that dare.

"Want you so much," he murmured, kissing along Derek's jaw as Derek rolled the condom on Dave's dick. "Have wanted you for so long. God, so gorgeous, Derek."

"Such an asshole, Dave," Derek countered, but Dave just laughed and lifted his head to kiss him hungrily.

The didn't have lube, so Dave made do with spit, working for a long time to prepare Derek and make it feel good for him. He could feel Derek tense up a few times, which made him think this was Derek's first time with another man. But every time Derek took a deep breath and deliberately relaxed, his gaze steady on Dave's, so Dave didn't worry about it. Derek could say no if he didn't want this. And everything Derek was doing indicated that he did want this.

To try to loosen Derek up a little more, Dave sucked his cock before trying to enter him. He didn't bring Derek to climax because he wanted Derek hard while they actually fucked. But he knew more than enough to bring Derek pleasure while keeping him constantly below the edge. When they got to the point where Derek was swearing and insisting it was time, Dave pressed inside, provoking Derek to cry out even as Dave gave a low moan.

Their first movements together were tentative, hesitant. Then Derek apparently realized that Dave didn't want to hurt him, and Dave realized that Derek was meeting his every thrust eagerly. At that point they both abandoned themselves to pleasure. They kissed and touched and fucked for what felt like a long time, wrapped up in their own little moment as they were.

Dave came first, which wasn't how he'd intended it, but he moved down and took Derek's dick in his mouth again. He was a little out of practice, but he didn't take long to remember all his blow job techniques. He lapped at Derek's slit and swept his tongue around the shaft. Then he took Derek deep and sucked hard, watching his expression intently.

It didn't take long for Derek to come, and then Dave was stretched alongside him. He stroked Derek's chest and smiled, kissing his shoulder.

"That's a lot better than I was expecting tonight," he murmured. "I just thought we were gonna fight."

Derek grunted. "We did that first. Go to sleep, Dave."

Well, that answered the question of whether or not they would share. Dave had to admit it was nice that he wasn't just being kicked out of Derek's bed at the end of their romp. He chuckled and shifted to get a little more comfortable, then let himself slip into sleep.