The First Time Was An Accident
by mseaking ©

The first time my wife Beth exposed her self was very much and accident. 
We were camping at a desert lake in southern California. We spent most of 
the early afternoon at the water edge not realizing Beth was getting sun 
burnt.

We found out just how burnt when we returned to camp and she went to the 
showers. She came back to camp in her swimsuit not changing into the 
outfit she had taken with her. She told me, I don’t know what IM going to 
put on. IM pretty sore in my shoulders she said. She went into the tent 
and IM thinking well so much for a fun weekend.

Beth was only in the tent for a few minuets and I could her saying to her 
self this will work and out she came. I turned to see my 5’3” wife in a 
white cotton dress that came to mid thigh and buttoned down the front. I 
know I did a double take when I looked at her because it was see through! 
There for the whole world to see was her 34 B’s, her little pink nipples 
there as plane as day. Her shaved bush showing right through drawing my 
eyes like a beckon!

Oh shit, I think and look around! The camp next door! They can see her, 
then I realize there not back from the lake yet. I look around further and 
see that there is no one else close enough to see.

Beth walked over to the ice chest to get a soda telling me, this is all I 
could find soft enough not to hurt. At this point I started to tell her I 
could see right through her dress, but she bent over to get her pop and 
that dress rode up in the back falling in the crack of her ass and I just 
couldn’t speak. It was one of the hottest things I had ever seen her do!

I ask her, did you put cream on your self? Just my legs, will you do my 
shoulders? Sure I tell her thinking to my self, my God Beth you look hot. 
I get the cream and as I move to her she unbuttons her top letting it fall 
off her poor shoulders. She tells me, be easy, as she lets her top fall 
down to just above her nipples.

I know she is s hurting and rub as gently as I can working my way around 
to her boobs, rubbing the side of them working in to her nipples. As I do 
she lets her top slip down just a little more showing the tops of her 
nipples to me! That’s it IM so turned on IM almost shaking! IM so hard I 
think IM going to pop, as I finish rubbing the cream in to her.

At this point she pulled up her top and was just finishing buttoning it 
when the campers next door came back! Oh look she said, IM going to see if 
they caught any fish. and with that walked out into the sun. Now her 
little cotton dress went from see through to shear in a flash! The husband 
over their dam near broke his neck as he watched my wife walk up to him! 
The sun shining on her showing him every thing! Her big boobs plainly on 
display and that landing strip bush sticking out like a sign saying, look 
at me.

The man's wife could not believe what she was seeing. Here is an almost 
necked woman coming to talk to her husband! She rushed up with a towel and 
gave it to Beth. I could not hear what she was saying but I could see Beth 
was telling her something as she looked down at her self and took the 
towel to cover her self.

Here she come and she was pissed, why didn’t you tell me. I might as well 
have been necked over there! God what they must think of me. You never 
said a word! You ass!

Beth IM sorry it all happened to fast and I didn’t realize it would be so 
shear until it was too late. IM sorry was all I could say. I am sorry, and 
turned on I think to my self!

I followed her into the tent to plead my case, and watch her take off her 
dress, when I noticed she was very wet as she bent over to get something 
else to put on. I mean very wet! It turned her on I though to my self, it 
turned her on to show her self to someone other than me!

I could tell she wasn’t to pissed off at me and she put on some big-legged 
shorts and a top that just beryl covered her sun burned shoulders. Come on 
she tells me, I have to go apologize to the lady next door. She thinks IM 
a nut case now.

We walked over and talked to the couple for a while and as Beth explained 
that I was an Idiot, the man, Bill could not take his eyes off of her. I 
could tell as I watched him he was relieving the whole thing. Still seeing 
her breasts and pussy they’re plainly for him to see. 

I could not believe just how turned on it made me for him to look at her 
that way. I can’t think IM so turned on. I slipped up next to Beth and put 
my hand on her bottom knowing she would move away from me, she always did 
in public before but this time She didn’t move! Did I feel her wiggle in 
my hand? Oh being this turned on must be playing tricks on me.

We finish small talk and as we start back I see Bill looking like he just 
ate a peace of pie and smile to my self. Yes she is a hotty! 

Did you see how he looked at me? IM so embarrassed I can’t stand it Beth 
tells me as we walk back. No one has seen me like that but you for the 
last ten years you know. IM sorry she says I just didn’t think it would be 
that see though, and you could have told me you know. IM glad I didn’t, I 
say as I put her hand on my hard cock.

We move to the picnic table, to the side away from the other camp and set 
down. I pulled Beth up close to me and told her I loved her and it was ok. 
No its not she says, feel me, IM so turned on its running down my legs! I 
must be sick or something to get turned on like this. I shouldn’t feel 
like this she says as I slip my fingers into her and she is right I cant 
remember her being that wet.

I move my fingers to her button and tell her its ok as I start to rub it 
between my fingers and she cums! I kiss her to hold down her grunting as 
she cums again. 

I need you in me now she said and standing up pulls my dick out of the leg 
of my shorts. She looks back over her shoulder at the other camp and 
slides her shorts over and sets on me, sliding me into her from behind as 
she does. Ho God I think they are watching us, she tells me. Go slowly so 
it’s not so obvious that IM in you I tell her. She slowly humps me for a 
minute and it builds until I tell her I'M cumming. Oh God me to she say's 
and we are doing it, cumming together.

I hold her close as I grow soft and slip out. I hold her and she cry’s 
softly in my shoulder as I tell her, its ok. It turned us both on! I tell 
her how much I loved her and I was sorry for not telling her I could see 
her necked body in her dress. I tell her how hot she looked and again how 
much I loved her. 

I kissed away her tears and as I did I wondered if I really was sorry! 

 
The First Time Ch. 2
by mseaking ©

After our little adventure that morning Beth was very quiet. I could tell 
when I looked at her she was deep in thought about what had happened that 
afternoon. I could tell she was as unsure about how hot her showing her 
self off had made her.

A little before sunset the campers next door walked over to see if we 
would like to have a drink with them. Of course I told them, come on over. 
I could see Bill looking at Beth with a look of wonderment at what he had 
seen earlier and the whole thing came rushing back at me. I still didn't 
know if it turned me on or pissed me off that this man had seen Beth 
almost necked, but I could see by the look in his eyes When he looked at 
her he liked it.

I noticed right away that Marjory didn't have on a bra and as she moved 
and talked to Beth her nipples got very hard. She caught me looking at 
them a couple of times and blushed. Did I see her give them an extra 
little shake? Wow I didn't know for sure, but she sure has nice tits, I 
thought to my self

I got us all drinks and as we all set around the camp fire I noticed right 
away that Bill had made a point of setting across from Beth and from where 
he was setting he could get a good look at Beth's legs. His wife Marjory 
set to one side and I set to the other side of her. Marjory was talking to 
Beth about how her man Bill would have her running around out side necked 
to if she would give him the chance. But she just though she was too old 
and fat to turn any one on but me. As she talked about how she would 
probably wear more revealing things if she had a figure like Beth's I set 
in silence listening and watching Bill. 

He couldn't take his eyes off of Beth's legs.

We talked for a while about just stuff, camping fishing and things when 
Bill's expression changed. He became kind of nervous and much more 
animated in his conversation. I had been talking to Marj and noticed she 
was out of beer. Here let me get you another beer, and taking her empty I 
got up and went to the ice chest. Bill are you ready for one to? I ask him 
turning back to look at him as I did. 

Looking back at the three of them I realized why Bill had gotten so 
nervous. There set Beth with her legs crossed, with her ankle at her knee, 
setting like a man would set and the leg of her shorts had fallen open! 
Bill could see almost her whole pussy! Her sweet shaved lips plainly on 
display. Could she know she was showing her self to him I wondered to my 
self as I got the beer for every one.

I grabbed the beer and set back down looking at her, thinking she doesn't 
realize what she is showing him. I think, well after this morning IM not 
going to make a fuss and just passed out the beers. I make Beth reach for 
hers across Marjory and as she dos she moves her legs, so I think ok 
that's better. But IM hard! Watching her has made me very hard. I can't 
believe IM liking some one else looking at my wife. I should be pissed 
off. I should be kicking his ass. But IM not.

IM turned on. Very turned on by the whole thing. How fare will she go I 
wonder?

Seeing Bill looking at Beth has me all worked up. Bill gets a disappointed 
look on his face and looks at me. He then realizes that I knew he was 
looking at my wife's pussy. At first I saw fear in his face but I must 
have looked like it was ok because he relaxed and joined right back into 
the conversation.

The lady's went to the bathroom and Bill and I made small talk. I can't 
remember the last time Marj went with out a bra he told me. I think to day 
has helped to loosen her up about turning forty. I hope so any way. It's 
sure nice to see her this way. I laughed and said I was seeing a whole new 
side of my wife to. 

Upon returning Beth told Marj about a swimsuit she had she thought would 
look good on her. Come on you can try it on she said, and started to the 
tent. Once in side Beth zipped up the door but left the window open, the 
setting sun shining right in and on the two women.

I got Bill and I another beer and set next to him facing the tent. We both 
watched as my wife went through some bags. As bill and I watched he said, 
IM sorry I was staring at Beth, I just looked up and there it was for me 
to see. I didn't mean to stair at her. God I wish I could get Marjory to 
dress like your wife. It's so hot when she flashes like that.

I think you're about to get your wish I tell Bill and nod over to the 
tent. He looked up just in time to see his wife take off her top. He sat 
there with his mouth open and watched her take it off and her shorts and 
panty's to put on the swimsuit my wife was holding.

Marjory's breasts were not as large as Beth's but her nipples was hard as 
rocks. She had a full bush that looked like she trimmed it but did not 
shave. She had long legs and a very nice ass. We looked on Marjory put the 
outfit on, both of us silent for fear they might see us staring at them 
from the dark.

The swimsuit was had a t-back bottom that slipped into the crack of her 
ass like it was made for her butt only. The top wasn't much more than two 
peaces of half-dollar sized material that didn't quit cover her nipples. I 
recognized the suit as on Beth usually only wore in our back yard or when 
we were on the boat in a privet cove.

Beth told Marjory how good she looked as she put the suit on and then said 
I know what it needs. She then pulled off her loose off the shoulder top 
and gave it to Marjory to put on. Now Beth's beautiful breasts were there 
for us all to see. They jiggled and move as she handed the top to Marjory 
to put on. Bill and Marjory both looking at her breasts as she moved about 
watching them shake with every move. 

It was getting dark and Beth turned on the Coleman lamp in the tent. She 
then pulled down her shorts and is standing necked. She says to Marj, my 
sunburn is killing me. Would you mind if I put this dress back on? I think 
its dark enough not to be so shear. Marjory, sure its ok. Bill and I 
watched as she pulls her dress on over her head. Beth turned so the light 
was in front of her and she faced us while she pulled on her dress. 
Holding her arms above her head, giving Bill and I a full good look at her 
dollar sized pink nipples and shaved pussy.

Bill is plainly turned on by what has happened and IM hurting IM so hard. 
I can't believe IM seeing this. It's like a dream as I watch our wives 
dressing. Not knowing we are watching them? I wonder? How can they not 
know we are looking at them?

Marj said, I am going to show Bill this outfit, and out she comes. She 
asks us what we think and we both tell her how good she looks. She pulls 
the top she had on as a cover up off asking Bill if the suit bottom was to 
small as she was not use to a t-back bottom. Bill could hardly talk as he 
told her how fine she looked.

Up close her bottom was smooth and looked so soft as the sting from the 
t-back panty slipped into the crack of her ass. Her breasts just barley 
contained by the little peace's of cloth straining to hold them in.

Do you think there ok? Can I keep them? Bill was plainly shaken up by what 
he was seeing said to her. Oh yes you can, please keep it, and I could see 
him adjust his self in his pants as we watched her go back into the tent.

My god I don't know what's happened to her but she hasn't ever done any 
thing likes this before! Oh man I love it, he almost shouted to me.

I watched Beth, thinking to my self, IM sure she knows we can see her. She 
is standing there half-necked as Marjory opened the tent door. Both of us 
were looking into the window watching what these women would do next. 

Bill loved it we could here Marj squeal as she want back into the tent. 
Beth finished slipping on her dress and as we watched Marjory changed back 
into her cloths. Beth turned and I was sure she looked at me. Her and Marj 
smiling and laughing as they came back to the fire.

Beth was right her dress was not so see through as it had been in the day 
light but if she moved just right the fire light would show shadows and it 
was probably one of the sexist things I have ever seen her moving around 
in that light. Showing a little of this seeing a little of that.

I was so hard my balls hurt and I must have leaked a cup full of pre cum 
watching all of this. Poor Bill was beside is self and could not keep his 
hands off of Marjory as we spent the next hour visiting. I watched as he 
slipped a hand up into her blouse and whispered in her ear for a minuet. 
Marjory said she was tired and thought it was time to turn in. Bill was 
taking off Marjory's cloth as they walked back to there camp. I knew it 
wouldn't be long before he was banging the hell out of her!

Alone in camp again I ask Beth to get me another beer and when she brought 
it to me I ran my hand up her leg feeling her pussy as I did. She was 
soaking wet! It was running down her leg a little and I pulled her to me. 
Feeling her big tits as she came down onto the blanket I was on. I started 
kissing her and pulling up her dress at the same time. Neither of us 
speaking as I pulled it higher and higher until she was exposed from her 
tits down. As am I looking at her she started to touch her self.

First she ran her hands up her legs touching her tummy then back down to 
the top of her pussy feeling her lips as I watched.

It soon was too much for me, watching her rub her self and as she put two 
fingers in her pussy, I took out my dick and started to rub my self. 
Slowly watching her masturbate. Watching her face change as she got closer 
and close to cuming.

Beth took her other hand and started to play with her clit, she put 
another of her fingers in her self-making it three. Looking at me as I 
jacked off in front of her for the first time in years.

Suddenly she was grunting and cumming rolling onto her side humping her 
hand. Her eyes glassy with lust. Beth laid there for a few minuets trying 
to catch her breath. Then she pulled me to her taking my dick in her had 
guiding me into her from the rear. I started to fuck her slowly trying not 
to cum when she pulled me out and holding me in her hand guided me back 
into her bottom.

We had had sex like this before but this time I just slipped into her. I 
don't ever remember her being so ready for anything as this. Me fucking 
her in her sweet ass. I started slowly, moving in small strokes when she 
hissed at me, hard fuck me hard please! Oh please fuck my ass off please.

I pulled her up to me by her hips and plunged into her reputedly. Beth 
started to cum from way down deep inside. Growling until it was a 
low-pitched howl throwing her self onto my dick until she could thrust 
back no more. She fell onto her tummy pulling me down with her. Grunting 
with each thrust, I fucked her as hard as I could. I could feel her start 
to cum again and as she did I emptied my balls into her sweet ass! Filling 
her like I had never filled her before.

We lay like this for some time as I softened and fell out of her. My cum 
dripping down the crack of her ass as it did.

We held each other for a while never speaking about what had happened just 
loving each other. I pulled the blanket over us and we slept right there. 
It was as if we were afraid to let go of each other.

The next morning my sweet wife dressed in her usual conservative outfit of 
a loose blouse and jeans. She acted as if nothing ever happened. Neither 
of us spoke about her showing her self off. We didn't even talk about how 
hot the sex was

Nothing like that happened again for about a year. 

But that's another story. 


The First Time Ch. 3
by mseaking ©

It was almost a year before anything happen again and I had a lot of time 
to try to figure out how I felt about what had happened that day at the 
campgrounds. I knew it turned me on a whole hell of a lot to have her 
showing off to other people. What I didn't know was if I wanted it to go 
farther than just showing off.

One day we had went to the store and Beth had worn a simple blouse and 
bike shorts. She never wears knickers under these shorts because I hate 
panty lines on her. Beth has the best ass I have ever seen. Anyway, as we 
started to load things into the back of the van she climbed up inside to 
help load. She was on her knees and as she knelt and bent over in the van 
her shorts stretching tight across her bottom. I turned to hand a package 
to her and as I did the sun hit her butt just right, and bang! Her shorts 
became see through! I don't mean shadows ether! I mean it was like she had 
on shear knickers! It was like she was necked!

I just stood there looking at that ass, watching her as she put things 
away. 

Beth I can see right through your shorts!

Do you like it? Laughing as she wiggled her ass back at me?

No baby you don't under stand they are so shear it's like your necked. She 
looked at me smiling.

Ya right, you wish, just hand me the rest of the stuff.

Ok, you asked for it. I tell my self, and give her a box. As she turned 
back to the front of the van a man pulled up into the space by us. He all 
most couldn't park as he looked at my wife's ass, her shorts barley 
covering it in the sunlight.

He took a lot of time getting out and locking his car, the whole time 
staring at Beth. He could see her butt outlined in her shorts and as she 
bent way over her cheeks spread showing him both her pussy lips and that 
sweet little pink ass hole of hers.

I had an instant hard on as I watched him take one last look walking away. 
Thinking to my self, yep that's my pussy and you can't have it!

I pulled Beth out of the van and threw in the rest of the stuff as I moved 
her to her seat. I pulled her to me as she set down kissing her and 
rubbing her thigh up to her pussy feeling the softness of her mound.

Hay calm down their mister!

Beth the man that parked next to us just saw every thing you have! I mean 
every thing to! 

I took her hand and put it on my hard dick letting her feel what it had 
done to me to watch him seeing her, looking at her nakedness. I kissed her 
softly.

Oh your full of shit, you cant see anything through these. As she said 
this she was looking at her leg in the shadows of the vans interior.

Take your shorts off and hold them up to the light.

I think you just want me to get me with my pants off she laughed.

She looked at me like I was a dumb ass, and took them off. 

Give them to me. Look you can't see any thing. Now watch this, and I pull 
them tight across my arm. Bingo! Shear shorts. 

Ho god mister IM sorry! I didn't know! Did he really see my whole ass? 

Yes your ass and pussy lips. Just like you didn't have any thing on. When 
you bent way over he could see your pussy opening and even your sweet 
little ass hole! 

I handed them back to her so she could put them back on. Beth was blushing 
a little but got a funny look in her eyes. 

I should have listened to you. IM sorry, I guess we have to go home so I 
can change.

She looked at me with that funny look and smiled as she said that.

No I think we can continue to shop. They are not shear unless you bend 
over in them and then only if the light is right. You just have to be 
careful.

Ok I will be careful, she said. How long have you known you could see 
through my pants? 

Just a few minutes I promise. Man you should have seen the look on that 
guy's face! He sure liked what he saw, and believe me Hon, he saw it all!

Beth was quiet for a few minutes, deep in though as we drove off.

What if he had tried to touch me? If he could see me that well he might 
have wanted to feel me to.

No way! That's my pussy and if some one sees it that's one thing but ant 
no body touching it but me!

Just checking. I just wanted to be sure my love. This could be fun I 
think.

As we went from store to store I told her how much I liked her to show off 
for me and if some one else saw what we were doing so be it but no one was 
to touch her ever but me. She agread with me that it was fun to show off 
and she said she definitely didn't want another man in our bed. 

We shopped here and there and from time to time Beth would look at me and 
bend over. But with no sun I could only see shadows and shapes. It was a 
lot of fun for both of us and as we played this game Beth became braver 
and braver. Finally going into a bathroom and coming out without her bra. 
Her big tits swaying as she walked up to me.

Is this ok?

Oh god Beth I love you!

Where to now? She asks as we left last store.

I think we need to go to the Home Store to see about that new flooring you 
want.

Ok lets go. Do you think I should put my bra back on?

Oh hell no you look awesome. Just remember when you bend over what you'll 
be showing. I think the lighting in there will show right through your 
shorts.

Beth and I walked around the store until she found some plants and bent 
over. I was right, shear heaven! I could even see the out line of her 
pussy lips!

Looking at me she smiled.

I guess by how hard you just got the lighting is good here.

She walked to another plant this time bending at the waist. As I looked at 
her ass and pussy her blouse fell open from the bottom and I could see her 
tits right up to her nipples! It was like she was necked standing there 
watching me and smiling back at me!

Oh shit that's a lot showing there! I looked around, is any body seeing 
her!

I looked back and she was still smiling at me.

Look at the bulge in your pants! You really do like this don't you?

Dam Beth be carefull! We could go to jail for this you know! It's called 
indecent exposure my love.

We spent the next half-hour with Beth bending and squatting all over the 
store. It seamed to me I kept seeing the same sales guy around a lot but I 
didn't think any one else might be seeing her little show for me but me. I 
was in heaven as she showed off for me!

We moved to the flooring area and just as the sales guy walked up Beth 
bent over! Yes it was him that same sales guy I thought was watching us, 
and he was looking right at her ass. Beth didn't notice him as she 
squatted and spread her legs open showing her pussy lips to this man as 
she talked to me about the flooring. She dropped to one knee and bent over 
giving him a prefect look down her blouse at her tits.

He spoke and with a surprised look Beth stood up. Looking at me then 
smiling as she talked to the sales guy. Knowing he had just been given the 
show of his life! The sales man was mesmerized by Beth's every move. He 
could not take his eyes off of her, even when he talked to me he looked at 
her. Beth was careful now only bending once so he could see her tits, not 
wanting to show him any more but she knew he had seen it all. As Beth 
turned her back to me bending over, showing me her ass and him her tits. I 
looked at her pussy and it was wet! There was a big round wet circle. Beth 
was so turned on she was leaking through her pants! 

I quickly told the sales guy we would come back and pulled her away. I 
watched his disappointed look as we left.

What's wrong? Where are we going? 

Her eyes had a look she only gets when she is very hot and I rushed her to 
the van.

I have to touch you! I need to feel you in my hands, I need to feel that 
wet pussy of yours and I couldn't do it there.

Beth climbed into her seat and I kissed her, not waiting I put my hand in 
her wet crotch. Feeling her swollen clit. Its hard little head sticking 
out, ready to be touched. I felt her through the wetness of her shorts 
rubbing her. Suddenly she garbed my arm, pushing my hand harder into her 
pussy humping wildly as she came. Cumming in her shorts, soaking them even 
more, covering my hand in her juices. Grunting and shaking hard, like it 
was coming from her very center.

As Beth was cumming she had reached into my pants, feeling my hard cock, 
grabbing it and pulling it. I came right there in my pants. I cum so hard 
I though I was going to pass out right there in the parking lot. I to was 
grunting like the animal I had become. Thinking of nothing but feeling my 
wife's pussy while I was standing their cuming.

We held each other for a second as the waves of passion left us. I looked 
around to see if any one noticed us playing with each other. I could see 
the sales guys' head in the store door. Looking at us. I knew he couldn't 
see from there but I wondered if he could tell I had just fingered her 
right there in the parking lot! I jumped in the van and we drove home, not 
talking, just holding hands. The smell of sex strong in the van as we 
went.

As we pulled up to the house I told Beth, take off your pants. I want you 
to walk in with just your top on. Looking at me with pure lust in her eyes 
she did as I ask taking off her shorts.

It was only about 50 feet to the door, but she had to stand there as I 
unlocked it! Getting out of the van she almost ran to the door and there 
was her necked bottom for the entire world to see. She was standing with 
her back to the street as I walked up.

Turn around while I unlock the door.

Oh god mike I cant IM scared to death. That old guy across the street is 
always watching us when we pull up.

Turn around or I won't open the door.

Oh shit ok, ok,

I unlocked the door and in she goes, laughing at what we had just done. 
Her face still flushed with lust.

I moved to her pulling down my shorts as I did, taking her in my arms I 
kissed Beth telling her how I loved her. I turned her so her back was to 
me.

Bend over!

Pushing my dick into her still wet pussy I enter her in one smooth stroke. 
Sinking all the way to my balls. Feeling her womb as her tight pussy 
easily accepted me. Her juices flowing out of her as I pushed in. 

This is was making love; this is was fucking, just plane hard animal 
fucking.

I pull her tight to my hips and buck into her. I here her grunt from my 
pounding into her depths feeling her suck me deeper with each thrust. I 
don't think IM going to last long as I lust for this woman's pussy. I can 
feel Beth starting to cum on my cock, I feel her spasms start way down 
deep inside.

Oh god, oh god! Don't stop please IM so close oh gooddddd iits here oh, oh 
hard yes Mike oh yes!

I start to explode into Beth as I feet her cumming on my dick.

We lost control and fell to our knees. Me slipping out as we did. I was 
still shooting and sprayed on her back and ass as we landed on our knees. 
Laughing, crying, grunting all at once.

I pulled Beth tight to me and told her again I loved her, and held her as 
I could feel her still shaking from her climax. Beth turned to me kissing 
me, looking into my eyes.

I love you to.

We held each other for a little while. Not talking just holding on. Laying 
there on the living room floor.

It was her who spoke first.

Ok Mike we are going to have to make some ground rules about this new game 
of ours.

I know. I tell her as I pull her even closer to me.

I think this is just the start of this game. 

 
