Dean looked at the boy in front of him, ten years old with an expression that should sour milk, stood there in his school uniform. "I went to a lot of bother to find you." The child said. "My parents will be worried sick, I had to come halfway across the city."

"Look, kid," he began.

"I fell for you, Dean Winchester, and you can damn well take responsibility for it." The child said before he stormed off in a bad temper, his fist to his eyes.

Dean didn't see him again for nearly eight years, when his wandering took him back to the city.

He came back to the motel, jaded, tired, holding a tray of Chinese. "Are you going to invite me in?" the boy asked. Seventeen years old if he was a day, wearing an ugly school uniform with what appeared to be old man trousers.

"Look, kid."

"Castiel," the kid corrected. And Dean frowned. "I was on the verge of hunting you down myself." The boy crossed his arms over his chest. "Because, seriously, if I wasn't pissed about the whole "HUMAN" thing I'd be pissed about the whole "running off" thing."

"I knew a Castiel, but he wasn't you." Dean said. "And that was a world ago."

Castiel rolled his eyes. "I am the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition." His voice was a low gravel, completely unlike Jimmy's, the spot on his chin wasn't helping either.

"You are jailbait." Dean added.

Castiel knuckled his forehead, biting at his upper lip. "I'll take them on, I'll take them all on, and next thing I know I'm being born!"

"Well." Dean started.

"So, this is destiny, and you are going to man up and be a decent man about it." Dean blinked in surprise. "I fell for you, Dean Winchester, I lay with you in a series of cruddy motel rooms, and you are responsible for my destiny, whether you like it or not. I have my emancipation papers, I can get my things. My tuition's paid up till the end of the year and I have a full ride to..." He looked at him. "What? You don't get a choice. Being born is bad enough when you don't remember it." He offered Dean a glare and Dean realised that there was no getting out of this. "And besides, the sex should be better now I can feel it properly, I mean not through a meat suit." There wasn't anything Dean could say to that, he just nodded. Then the kid smiled, and Dean could see Castiel in him, in the set of his head, in that private smile only he had seen and thought lost. "I gripped you tight," the child repeated, Dean made sure to mention that word a lot because this may have been castiel but he was jailbait, "and I will not let you fall into Perdition. I turned eighteen three days ago." Dean supposed he wanted to grin, he was just too overwhelmed at the moment.

"I'm nearly fifty." He told the boy.

"And I'm as old as creation." Castiel answered. "where's the problem, it still works doesn't it, I mean, I've never taken this body for a test drive."

"Oh good god," Dean said looking at the sky.

"Yes, Dean, God is good, and sex is one of his most magnificent works. Well look at the time, I really should hit the sack, I've got school in the morning afterall. You wanna drive me."