Tanning Voyeur
by m_storyman_x

The owner of a tanning salon enjoys the spoils of his effort.

To most people who met him, Jack was a pretty ordinary guy. Nothing outstanding, nothing to cause you to remember him, just an average ordinary guy. Almost forgettable. He'd been that way for as long as he could remember, even as early as grade school. When the other boys were learning about girls Jack was left on the sidelines. When high school came and the other guys had girlfriends, Jack struggled to hold a relationship of any kind and graduated still a virgin.

Not that Jack wasn't smart, in fact he was very intelligent. He went to college and earned dual degrees in computer science and business. Again, in college he didn't command much attention from the girls. Not that he didn't have a few girlfriends, but in general he just didn't command the respect of the "good looking" girls, and the good looking girls where what he really preferred. True he had learned a lot about sex from the few girls he had managed to date, and found out he was actually pretty good at it, but his average looks kept him from scoring with those good looking girls.

As a result Jack considered himself to be something of a voyeur. He appreciated the creamy smooth skin of the mid twenty something girls, the full round breasts, the soft smooth curves of their hips and tight round rumps. Yes, Jack could really appreciate how they looked, but at thirty five he wasn't going to get one of his own. He realized that early on, but that didn't stop him from enjoying the sensations that seeing those young naked bodies brought.

To that end Jack opened a new business attached to his existing computer store. A tanning salon. When he had it built he slipped in one weekend and added a few special touches, some very sophisticated fiber optic cables, each leading to equally sophisticated cameras hidden in a specially constructed wall space between the two buildings. No one could possibly know the space existed, unless they actually measured the inside and outsides of the buildings. The access was hidden on the computer business side of the building, a shelf unit in a back room that contained shelf after shelf of computer software. No, this wouldn't be one that you stumbled across accidently.

But for Jack, he logged into his private network almost every night from home, taking great pleasure in viewing from multiple angles, the ladies visiting his tanning salon. Yep, Jack was a dyed in the wool voyeur. He spent many evenings enjoying the view of women of all ages undressing in his salon tanning booths and changing into skimpy bikinis or, as is much more the rage these days, tanning completely nude. He slowly stroked his cock to the high definition images of countless women, many young twenty-something's, oiling their bodies with tanning oil, rubbing it into their skin leaving their soft sexy curves glistening and sparkling in the florescent lights.

On some occasions he was fortunate enough to catch some sexy looking young thing, or even middle aged woman, stroking themselves off to a quick orgasm after teasing themselves putting on the tanning oil. How he wished he could just step through the screen and gently spread the oil on their bodies, taking long minutes to ensure he hadn't missed a single spot on their nubile little bodies, after which he would slide his own fat cock into them and fill their tight little pussies with his own cream. Yeah, Jack enjoyed his evening entertainment.

Business in both the computer shop and the tanning salon always picked up in the fall. It was too chilly to tan outside and it was getting close to Christmas. Those two factors generally improved his bottom line each October, and also his evening entertainment. Jack was looking forward to that entertainment when he walked into his small lonely house late one October evening. It was nearing Halloween, a date that he enjoyed as a kid, but less so now that he was an adult. It wasn't nearly as much fun alone as it was with someone.

Jack picked up the mail from the box as normal, and sorted through it as he stepped through the front door as usual, but one item caused him to stop in mid stride, standing in the hallway, the front door still open behind him, very much NOT as usual.

He turned the rather elegant envelope over in his hands several times, checking the address to ensure that yes it really was his. His name and address were embossed in gold on the front of the heavy weight linen paper envelope. This was no cheap print job or junk mail, this particular envelope was clearly intended to attract the attention of the addressee, which it had most certainly done.

Jack closed the door behind him and walked to the small table in the hallway, set down the rest of the mail and his keys, and went back to examining the envelop. Yes, it was indeed addressed to him, yet there was no return address. The envelope was cream colored in a heavy linen paper generally reserved for very expensive occasions. He'd seen wedding announcements and invitations on lower quality paper than this.

The postmark was local, two forever stamps in the upper right corner to cover the additional weight of the six by eight envelope. Carefully he turned it over and popped the gold embossed seal from the tab of the envelope and carefully peeled the flap open, not wanting to rip the unusual arrival. With hands working as gently as he might caress one of the beauties he frequently watched on his large screen monitor, he slipped the contents from the envelope.

"Jack, your presence is requested" is all the front of the folded card said.

"My presence is requested? Really?" He thought to himself. Invitations are rarely something he received, and to any kind of social gathering even less so. He gently opened the invitation and read the inside.

" Your presence is requested at the tenth annual Halloween gala

9:00 PM to midnight on October 31st.

Required dress is a costume capable of disguising your facial

features. Additional costume features may be as desired.

Special prizes will be awarded to costumes in the following

categories:

Sexiest costume

Most revealing costume

Most alluring costume

Most original costume

Prizes will be awarded for both Male and Female costumes in

the above categories.

A free bar is available, as is complementary accommodations

following the bewitching hour.

Address and directions included."

"Seriously? Me invited to a Halloween party like this?" Jack asked himself aloud. He looked at the small square of heavy weight paper he had extracted from the envelope with the invitation. It did indeed contain a simple line map, but not just a generalized map, a map that started on his exact street. Jack had never seen an invitation this personalized, but knowing computers as he did, it was certainly within the realm of possibility to use google maps to locate the address the invitation was being sent to and then map from there to the destination.

He set the card aside, carefully standing it on the small table before making his way to the kitchen to make his dinner. He was still contemplating his invitation when the microwave beeped to tell him his frozen tv dinner was ready.

All the while he ate, he was trying to decide if he should go. Clearly it wasn't a mistake, and just as clearly it seemed that this party, being held at a resort only a few miles up the valley, was going to be filled with women in revealing and sexy costumes. Jack was just unsure why he, of all people, would receive an invitation to such a party?

Two days later, the invitation still on the table, Jack decided he would attend. Where else would he find such a wide variety of legally exposed bodies? He picked up the invitation and looked for an RSVP number, and was surprised to find none. He hadn't been to too many parties, but usually they wanted to know who was coming and who wasn't. Maybe this was such an exclusive invitation that they just assumed he'd show up.

Jack settled on a barbarian costume. His chest wasn't bad looking so the costume, consisting of a wide leather collar piece and short leather skirt, seemed a perfect choice. He added a headpiece that extended down to his nose, covering his face but allowing him to see clearly. Two leather arm bands, leather sandals and a fake short sword completed the costume. He actually felt like he looked pretty good in it. A bit shorter than six feet tall but no longer as thin as he was in high school, he never really felt like he was good looking, but in this outfit he might just pass for reasonably good looking

The night of the party he dressed, discarding his white briefs before pulling on the skirt. He wouldn't really need them, and they clearly didn't fit the costume. Besides, there was always the chance he'd get lucky and coax some half naked woman into a quiet room for a quickie.

Jack drove to the indicated address, pulled through the high wrought iron gate and followed the lane around through the woods to a wide open meadow with a massively large mansion set in the middle of the idyllic scene. Jack was surprised that the huge estate existed. He'd been down this road so many times but had never realized that beyond the six foot high rock wall was such a large and grand estate. The huge rock structure, almost a castle, was illuminated by lights on the grounds shining on it, the multiple stories reaching for the nearly full moon along with spires and steeply peaked roofs.

Jack got out of his car near the front door and a young man wearing a pair of black pants and white collar, but no shirt to cover his young bare chest took his keys and whisked his car away to park it.

Looking around Jack climbed the flight of wide flagstone stairs toward the front door of the massive building, two huge ancient wooden doors stood at the top of the stairs, massive black iron hinges supporting the weight of the huge slabs of wood. As he neared the doors one swung open as silently as a gentle breeze blowing past. Inside stood a tall woman, easily a foot taller than he was, although he noticed that a good portion of that was due to the high heel shoes she wore. The rest of her outfit consisted of a long sleeved black dress, the neckline swooping so low that the tops of both full round breasts were fully on display along with a tiny sliver of bright pink areola. The front of the dress was split up the front, exposing one long slender sexy leg so high that he wondered if the split stopped before her waist.

"Welcome Jack." She said in a soft sultry voice, the dress splitting far enough apart as she stepped toward him to expose a tuft or red curls matching the red hair piled on her head in some kind of beehive style hairdo.

He barely tore his eyes from her pussy as she stepped closer, leaning in against him and pulling him to her in a tight embrace, her tits pressing against his bare chest as she stooped slightly to make their heights match more closely. "Hi." Jack answered nervously, reaching around her to return the hug, his hands feeling her bare back. As they parted the embrace his hand slid down her back to the sweep of the top of her ass before finally finding the satiny material of her flowing skirt again. The sensations and view before him quickly had his cock growing under the leather skirt, immediately making him wish he had left his briefs on after all.

"I'm so happy you could come. Please feel free to enjoy anyplace in the mansion with the exception of the basement." She said with a grin. "Enjoy the views, and one added twist this year. Some young lady here is walking around with a little red surprise inside herself. The gentleman who seduces her and retrieves it will get a special prize at the end of the party."

"A red surprise?" He asked curiously, not at all sure what she meant.

The temptress in front of him leaned down, her big round tits nearly falling out of the dress as she bent at the waist to lean down and whisper to him. "If you slide your hand up her dress you'll find it." She whispered softly, her own hand sliding down to his leather skirt and pressing against his hardening cock. "Besides you'll have to remove it to slide this in."

"Uh, oh, okay." Jack stammered, his mind suddenly clouded by the scent of her as well as the view of her bursting cleavage and the pressure of her hand against his much more quickly hardening cock.

"And don't worry if the leather no longer contains you," she whispered almost as if she were reading his mind. "Some of the ladies here will simply take that for an invitation."

"Uh...Huh." Jack grunted as she stood back up again.

"Enjoy the party!" She said almost dismissively as another couple climbed the stairs behind him.

Jack turned and walked down the short stone lined hallway to a room filled with people, and every manor of costume. They varied from the normal, super heroes and witches and devils, to the much more sexual and sensual. One young woman apparently vying for the most revealing talked past in a face mask covered with feathers. Yep that was it, the face mask, the rest of her body was completely nude.

Jack tried not to stare as she walked past and then moved to make his way toward one of the tables of food lining the walls of the great hall. A number of young women, mostly in their twenties, but a few a tad older, scurried around the tables, ensuring that the platters were full as well as refilling platters that they were carrying around the crowd. Nearly all were dressed identically. A tiny white maids hat, a black lace bra that did little to actually cover their breasts, a tiny black lace skirt that just as obviously had nothing under it since there was no back to it leaving their firm creamy asses exposed, a tiny white apron that just covered their front, barely large enough to cover their mound and pussy, thigh high black stockings and of course, black high heels. Each one of the ladies he viewed, each wearing the exact same outfit, seemed to look even more tantalizing than the last.

He was barely aware of how hard his cock had grown until he saw one particular young woman. She was dressed differently, but no less sexy and appeared to be in charge of the others. Her outfit, instead of the bra and skirt, was made up of a see through babydoll with white frills for a skirt. Her nearly waist length dark hair made her look almost exotic in the outfit which failed in any way to hide her large pink areola or the rock hard nipples protruding.

"I take it you're in charge of the ladies here?" He asked her, drawing himself up as tall as he could, still nearly three inches shorter than her heels made her.

"I am, may I help you?" She responded sweetly.

"That all depends." Jack said, the courage he felt a few moments ago seeming to suddenly escape him. "I was wondering if you could direct me to someplace quiet where I might have a private word with you." He finally got out, his voice trailing off as he completed his request.

He half expected her to refuse him outright, but instead she gave him a soft knowing smile as she walked around the table. "You think that because I'm the one in charge that I'm the keeper of the prize?" she asked as she stepped closer to Jack.

"Something like that." Jack mumbled, the rest of his resolve to seduce this woman slipping away to be replaced with the shyness that had always ruled his sex life.

"Are you afraid of me?" She asked, cocking her head slightly, the smile never leaving her face.

"Sort of." Jack admitted. "I mean you're really hot, but..."

"But you think that I'll just turn you down flat?" She concluded for him.

"Something like that."

"With so many sexy women here tonight, many wearing even less than I am, why did you choose me to target?"

"I didn't mean to..." Jack started to say defensively.

"Target? You most certainly did. I saw it in your eyes, your determination. What were you determined to do?"

"I'm not sure really." He stammered.

"Jack isn't it? Jack, you were most certainly determined, the question is to do what? Undress me? Feel me up?" she asked, pausing between each suggestion, "Fuck me? Ohhhhh yes, there it is. I see it in your eyes, you wanted to fuck me, right there, right then. You wanted to push my little skirt up, expose my pussy to everyone in the room and fuck my hot little cunt until you came deep inside me. That is what you wanted, wasn't it?" She asked, taking another step toward him. "So why did you stop? Were you afraid I would say no? Or were you afraid to ask at all?"

"Afraid to ask I guess." Jack mumbled, staring at her tits, now only a foot or so away from him.

"So take me. Walk me over to that bench and take me. You know you can, you know you want to. You want to show every woman in this room how big and powerful your cock is. You want to show them how much they're missing by not allowing you to drive it fully into them. Am I right?" She whispered.

Jack stood there barely able to take his eyes from her face. He realized that she was right, he did want that. He knew that he was capable in bed. The few girlfriends he had that he made it that far with had all been pleased by his size and how he used it. He just could never show those pretty girls exactly what they were missing. Somehow he felt this was his chance, this was his one opportunity to show the pretty girls what they were missing.

"Yesssss, that's it. I can see it in your eyes. You want to take me and you won't take no for an answer. Do it. Take me the way you've dreamt of taking so many good looking sexy young women."

Jack's mind suddenly kicked into high gear. She was right, she was exactly perfectly right. And what was more, she was a young pretty woman, exactly the kind of woman that had spurned him all his life. He didn't care if she wanted it or not, suddenly he wanted to take her, to push his cock into her until she begged for him to make her come.

Jack took her hand and pulled her to that padded bench she had suggested, the smooth brown leather beckoning for him to lay her back on it and hike her skirt up. She willingly lay back, lifting her legs to hook her high heels on the edge of the bench, her knees splaying wide to present her bare pussy to him as he pushed the almost non-existent skirt up to her stomach.

"Damn," He mumbled, staring down at her absolutely perfect pussy. Her outer lips were full and round, tanned a light brown with the rest of her body, her fat lips spread enough to let only the very edges of her feathery pink inner lips to protrude toward him. He gently ran his hands up and down her legs, his fingers teasing her thighs as his strokes brought his fingers closer and closer to her glistening lips. As his fingers finally teased across her shaved lips he wondered if she had tanned at his salon, leaving the possibility that he had indeed seen her nude form before.

She wiggled her arms out of the small spaghetti straps holding her top in place and pushed it down over her breasts, bunching the material around her waist, leaving her bare tits free to be teased by her own fingers as his gently stroked up and down her wet lips. "That's it, tease me. Make me want you, beg for you to enter me." She whispered as her own fingers stroked her rock hard nipples, periodically twisting and tugging them as his fingers spread her lips and teased between them. "Ohhhh yes, I love that." She cooed as his finger traced up between her lips, and bounced over her hard clit.



With a grin to himself he knelt down before her, his face even with her scrumptious pussy. Leaning forward he pressed his soft tongue between her equally soft lips, tasting the tanginess of her arousal as he stroked his tongue up the length of her lips to the juncture where her clit stood exposed and distended. He alternated between licking her wet pussy and concentrating on her clit, his attentions at either making her squirm and wiggle on the leather bench, her moans growing louder by the second. Again and again he tasted her juices, the tanginess fading to be replaced with a sweetness as her juices grew more abundant.

"Fuck me. Take me please!" She begged, grabbing at his headpiece with her hand, trying to draw him up her body.

Finally he stood, his cock rock hard in the leather skirt. He pulled the hem up and back, exposing himself to her and her waiting hands, which greedily encircled him. Her hands stroked his cock while they coaxed him forward, aiming his fat long prick at her waiting slit.

"Yessss yessss!" she hissed loudly as his head pressed into her opening, his fat mushroom spreading her entrance until it finally allowed the invader to enter her soft confines. "Ohhhh god yes." She moaned loudly, several people turning to watch as he slowly pushed his fat prick into her, her body expanding to accept his full length and girth.

"That's it. Fuck her good!" a voice said, practically ignored by his over stimulated brain.

He began to slide in and out of her, each stroke met with her own motion, lifting her hips with each thrust to push herself down on him more fully. Each stroke made her stretched pussy feel full and contented while his strokes back seemed to leave her pussy wanting and begging to be filled again. Over and over he stroked into her, her legs and arms trembling in climax after only a few short minutes of his shaft delving into her. Over and over he stroked, her wet pussy caressing and teasing his cock, massaging his shaft and mushroom head as it pulsated around him, her body spasming in orgasm over and over as her cries of pleasure grew louder.

He looked down at her perfect body, her big tits rolling and moving with each stroke of his cock, her pink nipples rigid and her areola puckered and engorged as her whole body was overtaken by her orgasm.

"FUCK YES! FUCK MY CUNT! FUCK MY HOT LITTLE CUNT!" She screamed as his strokes increased in pace, her orgasm seeming to last forever as his own began to build. He was surprised he'd lasted as long as he had, but now it was clear what was coming next.

Quickly his body readied the load to be expelled, his body tensing, his balls pulling tightly to his own body as he felt the familiar tingling race through his body, starting at his cock head and running down his legs and up his body. "UGH!" Jack grunted as his body jerked, jamming his cock into the beautiful woman below him, his cock surging a huge gush of hot cum into her. Again and again his body jerked, his own groans of pleasure mixed with her squeals of approval.

"YES FILL ME! FILL MY HOT CUNT WITH YOUR CUM! OH GOD YES OHHHHH GOD YESSSS!" She squealed loudly over and over as his body pumped shot after shot of hot wet cum into her. Finally his climax eased, his strokes gone, replaced by his fat cock being held deep inside her, its jerks and twitches making her gasp and moan in pleasure as she used her fingertips to rub his stomach. His cock softened within her and finally he pulled out, his still half hard cock glistening with their juices as a large dollop of his cum oozed from her gapping pussy to drip onto the hardwood floor.

Jack stood back and looked down at her, feeling a presence behind him. He turned his head to see a young woman wearing a sheer white skirt barely long enough to reach below the pussy visible through the material, and a pair of large feathery wings, the straps of which seemed to lift and cup her bare breasts. If she was an angel, she was by far the sexiest angel he'd ever seen. With a timid look she stepped past him and squatted down in front of the maid, her head quickly diving between her legs to lick her pussy, her tongue collecting all of the juices the two of them had made. Her tongue licked time and again, her attentions making the maid whither and squirm on the bench, her hands hovering near her thighs as if she were thinking about wanting to stop the additional stimulation, but not quite able to bring herself to do so.

With the maid's pussy well licked with no trace of Jack's cum leaking from her any longer, she pivoted and leaned toward jack, lifting his skirt and grasping his mostly flaccid cock. She eagerly closed her mouth around it, stuffing nearly the whole thing in her mouth. Her tongue teased under and around it, causing the blood to surge back into it and to grow larger by the second. She was soon unable to contain his length and used her hand to stroke that portion she couldn't get into her mouth, her wet lips sliding up and down the length of his shaft.

"Mmmmmm" Jack moaned as she worked his cock back to its full proportions, her delicate hand unable to fully close around his fat shaft and her soft wet mouth teasing only a third of its length.

Without warning she stood and turned to face the maid, still lying on the bench, her legs hanging over the side, the material of her outfit bunched around her waist. "Fuck me. Take me please!" the angel said urgently, her eyes begging for Jack to step behind her and fill her pussy with his fat cock.

Jack may have been relatively inexperienced, but even he knew that when a woman sticks a bare pussy out at you, bent over, that it's an invitation to fuck. He quickly stepped behind her and rubbed his saliva coated cockhead on her lips, spreading them and forcing it between them. He felt his head press into the entrance to her tunnel, the cap of his head pressing against her tunnel. He gripped her bare hips, the see through skirt having slid up on its own to expose her full nude ass as she bent over.

With her legs straight and spread slightly apart she lowered her head to rest on the Maid's bare clean-shaven mound. Her eyes closed as Jack pushed against her, trying to force his fat cock into her young pussy.

"Don't stop. Please don't stop." She begged as he eased the pressure, afraid to hurt her.

With a grunt of second effort, he bucked his hips, plunging his cock suddenly forward and into her incredibly tight confines.

"OH FUCK!" she cried at the sudden penetration into her soft pussy. She gasped and panted as her body worked to accept the fat shaft within her, the pressure easing only after a long minute of waiting. She wiggled her ass at him, moving him around inside her as she started to slide herself back toward him, pushing more and more of herself around his fat shaft until he felt his head pressing against her cervix.

In and out he stroked, slowly and short at first, but then longer and faster as she worked her ass back toward him with each stroke, driving the two of them together in unison. Her moans and cries filled the hall over the sound of the music, her body shaking and trembling before him as his fat cock stroked across all the nerve endings in her tunnel, bringing her waiting orgasm to climax much more quickly than he would have thought possible.

She finally sagged onto the maid, her bare body pressing against the nude form of the maid, her pussy sliding off Jack's cock as several men and women watching applauded the completion of her orgasm.

"Very nice work." A middle aged woman said, stepping up and wrapping an arm into his. She wore a black mesh bra, barely containing her large full breasts, the mesh leaving her areola and nipples fully visible. The tiny black skirt she wore had a satin band around her hips with similar mesh material hanging down to just below the juncture of her legs, not hiding the skimpy black satin thong panty at all. She had on a black eye mask, a hat on her head with a pair of pilots wings and a black satin neck tie around her neck.

"Thank you." Jack replied, not at all sure how to reply to such a comment. He'd never had sex in front of an audience, let alone had anyone in such an audience come tell him about how well he did.

She led him away from the two women and off into the crowd, steering him closer to the middle of the room. "I thought you might prefer to dance first." She cooed as she stopped and turned to face him. She stepped toward him, her mesh covered tits pressing against his bare chest.

"First?"

"Of course. You don't think you could fuck like that and not expect to be left alone, do you?"

"I really hadn't thought about it." he answered her as she started swaying to the music, her hips grinding against his to encourage him to move with her.

"Mmmmm that's it. You are a fast learner, aren't you?"

"I try." Jack answered quietly.

"And you do quite well. If this top is scratchy, feel free to make things more comfortable." She whispered.

"You want me to take it off of you?" He asked in surprise.

"If you want. You can take anything you want off, of you or me." She whispered.

Jack grinned to himself and moved his hands to her back, finding the clasp for the bra and easily undoing it. The elastic strap snapped back around her sides leaving the mesh bra hanging on her shoulders and trapped between them. He reached up and slid the tiny shoulder straps off her shoulders and down her arms, allowing her to pull away enough to free the material before pressing her bare tits against his chest again. His hands quickly found their way down to the skirt, held in place by a small satin tie, which was easily undone.

She danced with him now in nothing but the thong, the necktie, hat and of course high heels. He pondered for a moment how to get the thong panty off and finally reached his fingers into the delicate strings around her hips. It only took two small tugs and the thong strap was in pieces, each of the three ends attached now only at the triangle of material over her mound and pussy. He let go of the end and the satin triangle fell away.

"So stud, you going to fuck me right here or do you want to find someplace more private? Not that I'd mind anyplace." She said as her hands moved down his back to find the attachment holding the leather skirt together. Within a few moments he was as naked as she, the two of them dancing and swaying to the music, the couples around them seemingly oblivious to their nudity.

She grinned and lifted one leg high, coaxing him to hold her leg up in the crook of his elbow. He felt her hand grasp his raging hardon and guide it to her wet pussy, aiming it between her lips as she rocked her hips slightly, working him down to the entrance to her tunnel and then into her.

The music kept playing while Jack closed his eyes, the sensations of her pussy practically eating his cock driving him nearly delirious. The music played and she rocked, sliding her pussy up and down his shaft, her soft tunnel caressing it while her pussy muscles clenched and ripples along the length of his cock.

"Oh god damn." He groaned quietly as she slowly fucked him in the middle of the dance floor. Up and down she moved, one leg holding herself up, her other still held up by Jack's bent arm. His cock felt each inch of her velvety tunnel, the sensations much more exquisite than he would have expected from an older woman. He guessed she had to be at least forty, but her pussy didn't feel like it.

She also seemed to be enjoying the sensations, his fat cock and mushroom head caressing each inch of her tunnel, stroking across the nerve endings as he went in and out and his head pressing against her cervix at the end of each stroke. "I think I'm going to come." She moaned softly, never losing the pace of her constant strokes. "Come with me. I want to feel your cum squirting up into me."

Jack might have answered if he hadn't been lost in the dreamland of ecstasy caused by the sensations of her pulsating pussy on his cock. Instead all he could do is grunt as his cum started to boil up from his balls.

"Ohhhh here it comes. I can feel you growing inside me again." The pilot woman moaned softly as her own body began to spasm around his cock, the spasms suddenly increasing in intensity as his cock pumped shot after shot of cum up into her.

Jack stood there, his body jerking, his cock spurting into her, for what felt like an hour before she coaxed him to release her leg, her pussy clamping down on his cock to hold it there while it slowly shriveled.

"Thank you." She whispered as she went back to swaying to the music.

"You're welcome." Jack answered, his own arms wrapping around the woman, holding her tightly to him.

The music, which had seemed to go unbroken during their long encounter ended. The pilot woman gave him a soft wet kiss on the lips and then pulled back, his half hard cock slipping from her pussy as she stepped back. Turning away, she walked across the room and disappeared into the crowd, her outfit still strewn around the floor at his feet.

Jack walked to the wall and sat down, suddenly very tired. This was more sex in one night than he'd had in...well, since he graduated from college. He leaned his head back against the wall and closed his eyes for a moment. When he opened them a woman was standing in front of him. She looked like she was wearing some kind of genie costume made of many nearly see through lengths of cloth wrapped around her body. Through the layers of material he could just barely make out the outline of her nipples pushing the thin material out. As he sat there she began to dance a very seductive dance, swaying herself side to side before him. Her dance was littered with opportunities for her to spin before him, each rotation freeing another layer of the thin material as she undulated and swayed before him.

As her layers disappeared he saw a truly stunning young body, maybe as old as twenty two or three, her breasts unsupported yet still round and protruding without a hint of droop. His eyes traveled lower, her bare shaved mount and pussy lips becoming more and more exposed as she spun. Finally the last layer dropped away, leaving her in nothing but her mask and a pair of genie slippers. She continued to dance, getting closer by the moment until she was dancing with her knees against the bench he rested on, one leg on either side of his.

She bent and reached for his hand, drawing it up to her pussy, pressing his fingers to her hot wet lips before releasing his hand. She continued swaying and moving, her hand stroking his neck and shoulders, occasionally sliding down to his quickly hardening cock.

Jack lost track of how long he sat there, his fingers gently stroking her pussy in time with the music, her own hand stroking his cock periodically. Her wetness grew by the moment, her motions more fluid and erotic as he played with her clitoris.

"Make me cum!" She whispered urgently. "Make me come hard!"

Jack wasn't exactly sure what he should do to accomplish this simple demand, but his hesitation was read by her for what it was.

"Here. Rub like this. Press one finger up into meeee...ohhhhh yeah, like that. Push it in and out like you're fucking me." She moaned loudly, pulling her hand from his after a few seconds. She continued to sway, but her motions were much more muted now that his finger pressed up into her. "Oh god yes. A little deeper. Ohhhh fuck better. Just like that. Oh god. I'm gonna come!" she squeaked loudly as her body jerked, her pussy spewing a gush of hot wet juice at him. Her discharge surged three times as her body convulsed, the juices wetting his legs and lap, covering his cock as he continued to rub his thumb back and forth across her hard clit.

"Ohhhh god." She moaned again, pulling his hand from her pussy so she could sink down on the bench on her knees, her body straddling his, her hands guiding his rock hard appendage up to her pussy. "Here. Let me." She whispered as she wigged her hips and pushed her own pussy down his shaft, not stopping until he was fully penetrating her, her clit grinding against the base of his cock.

"So what was that? Pee?" Jack asked quietly, hoping he wasn't offending her.

"No, that was my cum. It's called squirting. Some women do it easily, others....not so." She answered simply.

"Never seen that before." Jack admitted. "At least not in person."

"Well now you have. A girl that squirts has a really good orgasm." She said with a shrug.

Jack was sitting there, enjoying the gentle undulations of the young woman on his lap when a tall muscular gentleman walked up behind her, bending down and kissing her on the cheek. "How about a dance sweetie?" He asked quietly, her hands coming up from where they rested on his stomach to capture the newcomers hands. Only then did Jack notice the diamond ring on the fourth finger of her left hand.

"Married?" He squeaked, looking at the much larger man, afraid he was about to be pounded for what he had done to his wife.

"Oh yes. Happily!" She said with a wide smile. She pulled up off his cock and stood in front of Jack, her husband slowly winding layer after layer of material around his wife before leading her away, once again fully costumed.

Jack sat there for a minute, unsure of what had just happened. The guy didn't even flinch at the fact that his cock was stuffed in his wife, but then his wife was the one who came and seduced him. Maybe accepting sex from just anyone wasn't such a good idea. This could get him into trouble!

Jack sighed as he realized that maybe he needed to be more careful. He got up and made his way to a table in the back of the room that had a variety of clothing on it, including his leather skirt. It was pretty obvious by the pile that he wasn't the only one losing things on the dance floor.

He was just about to turn and walk from the table when a pair of arms slipped around his waist, one hand sliding down to his still hard and exposed cock, the other wrapping around his chest to pull him tightly to a pair of soft breasts.

"Hello Jack." A soft young voice whispered in his ear.

"Do I know you?" Jack asked as she eased her grip to allow him to turn and face her. She wore an unusual costume that was clearly supposed to be a bee. It consisted of a strip of black and yellow stripped cloth around her hips, barely long enough to cover her pussy. This was attached to a strip running up her stomach to the sexy V between her breasts. Each breast, dropping slight and wiggling every time she moved, was covered with a small square of black and yellow stripe material that was just tall enough to cover her areola, but wide enough to wrap from the V of her cleavage around her back to the other breast. The whole thing was held up by a pair of black strings tied in place around her neck.

The effect was to leave most of her body completely naked, but with the most important parts just barely covered. Even as she breathed he could see the wiggle of her breasts teasing the bottom of one areola into view.

"You should, you see me every week." The young woman said with a grin.

"Huh?" Jack asked confused.

"Black and Yellow bikini? Tanning every Tuesday?" She said quietly, her head turning slightly to the side causing her to look at him from an angle.

"Ohhhhh! I get it. Sorry didn't connect." Jack said as he did indeed recognize the young lady, not because he remembered seeing her come in, but because she generally stripped her bikini off before climbing into the tanning bed. More than once he had come to completion while watching her oil her sweet body up. He would almost go as far as to say she was one of his favorites.

"So who would have thought that a quiet computer nerd had such a big fat useful cock." She said quietly, her hands reaching back down for my shaft. She wrapped both hands around it and then slowly stroked it too and fro. "I watched you pumping this into that angel and I wondered if you wanted to feed it into me?"

"Uh, sure, why not?" He asked somewhat stupidly.

"You do think I'm good looking, don't you? I mean you enjoy how my body looks?" She asked, hiking the skirt up to expose her tiny tuft of blond curls.

"Oh yeah. VERY good looking." Jack responded emphatically. "I've always admired your curves."

"I thought as much." She said as she started walking backwards, leading him slowly toward the corner of the room. "It's almost the bewitching hour, midnight. I want you to cum in me exactly at midnight. How about it Jack? Can you do that? Can you fill my sweet little pussy with your cum exactly at midnight?"

"Sure, I'd love to." Jack replied eagerly. He'd jacked off to this beauty more than a few times and to really get to fuck her...well how could he ever turn that down.

She found a round table in the corner of the room and pushed the few items on it off onto the floor behind it and turned back to face him. She lifted herself up and sat on the edge of the table. Jack stepped between her legs as she lifted them, hooking them on his shoulders so her pussy was spread wide for him.

He stepped closer, pressing his shaft against her wet lips, grinding his cock against her clit as he reached up and untied the string around her neck, freeing the little band of material covering her nipples. "Nice." He muttered as he stared at her firm round tits, her nipples hard and extended with excitement. He pulled his hips back and rubbed his cock head up and down her wet lips, spreading them with the mushroom shape, finally letting it settle into the entrance to her tunnel.

"Before you press in there you might want to check and be sure you're not the only thing there." She whispered as he began to press his cock against her tunnel entrance.

With a confused look he looked down at her pussy and pulled his head back from between her lips. Noticing a small string sticking from her lips he reached down and gave it a gentle pull. Slowly a red plastic egg slipped from between her lips, which he held up, the red plastic device dangling from his fingers.

"Looks like you found the prize. Now fuck me before it's too late." She said almost urgently.

Jack set the egg aside and quickly lined his cock up with her again and pressed his fat cock into her, feeling her body expand to accept him, her soft smooth walls caressing his shaft as he began to stroke little short choppy strokes, working his full length into her as inch by inch it was lubricated with her juices. In and out he went, his strokes growing longer by the moment until he was stroking his full length into the soft sweet pussy he had fantasized about so many times.

"Oh god Jack, you're going to make me come. Come with me... please!" She moaned loudly.

"Uh huh." Jack grunted as he pounded his cock into her, enjoying the sensations of her tight tunnel caressing and teasing his head and shaft. Her little tits bounced and jiggled with each impact of his thighs against her bare ass, her clit smashing into the base of his cock at the end of the stroke. In and out Jack pumped, his desire climbing with the pitch and fervor of her cries of pleasure.

"Yes Jack, fuck me. Fuck me hard! Oh god yes make me cum. Make me cum all over your fat cock Jack!" She cried over and over as her body trembled and shuddered.

"UHHHHH FUCK!" Jack grunted as his cock unleashed a flood of cum into her pussy. Time and again his cock surged and his body bucked, driving his cock into her, practically lifting her ass off the table each time. He barely heard the huge clock on the other end of the room chiming its twelve gongs he was so engrossed in the climax that was filling her pussy.

"Perfect Jack." She moaned as he stood between her legs, his cock still twitching and oozing cum into her full pussy.

He stood there for long minutes before his softening cock slipped from her pussy and their combined cum drooled from her pussy, puddling on the floor between his feet, her feet still resting on his shoulders, her chest heaving as she worked to catch her breath after her own orgasm.

"So you found the prize. Shall we see what it was?" She asked quietly, lowering her feet off his shoulders to sit upright on the table.

Jack picked up the red egg shaped plastic object and turned it in his hands several times before realizing it was two pieces. He gripped the egg shaped container and pulled and twisted until suddenly it popped apart, revealing a small gold key of very unusual shape. The key, with a heart shaped gold handle had two prongs of different lengths, each prong containing a number of small indentations.

"You know, I think I saw a door that might have had a lock like that." She said quietly, looking at the unusual key.

"Really? Where?" He said encouraging her to show him what the key might fit.

The young lady pushed off the table and led him by the hand through the kitchen and down a long narrow hallway to a large heavy door. In the center of the door was a circular gold plate with a heart shape matching the handle of the key and two small holes that looked like the prongs might fit in it. Jack held up the key to the lock, pressed the prongs into the lock and turned. To his surprise the door opened almost on its own, revealing a long dark staircase.

"This is Exciting!" the young lady said, wrapping her arms around his neck. "Quick, kiss me for luck!" she begged.

Jack turned to her and gave her a quick kiss, anxious to see where the strange staircase led to. With the young lady in tow he started down the stair, lights coming on as he approached and going out again as he passed. The long staircase seemed to keep going and going, but then Jack was having a bit of trouble focusing.

"I feel kind of weird." He said as he neared the bottom of the steps, his head starting to spin and small prickles of light flashing across his darkening vision. "I really don't feel very...." He said as he collapsed on the floor.

Feeling returned to Jack slowly. The positon he was in feeling alien and uncomfortable as his body began to respond again to his requests. Jack looked around and found himself standing in a pool of light from a single overhead fixture, the area around him inky black compared to the harsh light above him. His wrists and ankles seemed to be attached to a huge wooden X shape behind him, the cuffs restraining him naked in the same X position, his arms high and back and his legs spread nearly two feet apart. He tugged on the cuffs on his wrists, the heavy leather preventing him from pulling free, yet the soft lining inside the leather strap preventing the leather from cutting into his skin.

"Well Jack." He heard a voice say, the same voice that had greeted him at the door to the mansion. He looked around and then ahead as the lights slowly brightened a pool of light over her. He recognized the temptress from the front door, the red hair up on her head as she sat completely naked behind a clear glass desk set up several feet high on a stage.

"What am I doing here?" Jack croaked, trying to pull at his bonds.

"Jack, Jack, Jack." She said quietly "You're here because of your misdeeds."

"What misdeeds?" Jack asked, tugging again at the restraints.

"Do you not remember me? Not at all?" She asked quietly.

"No, should I."

"You should. You took video of me visiting your little salon. In fact, you took video of all of us." She said waving a hand to her right and then to her left, lights brightening to show two more stages, one on either side of her, each stage filled with naked women sitting on chairs. Most were in their twenties, but some were older, and a few even older than that.

"I don't understand." Jack answered back.

"Look carefully. Are you sure you don't recognize any of these ladies?" The temptress said, holding her hands apart to indicate the women to either side of her.

To say the least there were a lot of them. Maybe as many as a hundred or even more. All naked, all sitting and staring at him. He looked more closely and saw the bee girl sitting in the front row of seats, an older woman, maybe fifty, sitting next to her with the same facial features and hair. Jack looked more and soon realized that many of the women were on the videos he had taken of the tanning salon.

"Jack, you stand accused of using our bodies, without permission for your own personal gratification. To be blunt, we were tools to be used and tossed away after you had your fun. None of us asked for that, none of us even realized we were fodder for your fantasies. So Jack, think carefully before you answer, it may mean a great difference in your situation. How do you plead to these charges?"

Jack didn't have to think long. He knew very well that most of these women were on his tapes, but going to jail? He wasn't prepared for that and he doubted these women could actually prove anything to send him to jail. "Not guilty." Jack said defiantly, standing tall against the rough wooden X.

"Very well. Amanda, would you be so kind?" The temptress said from her seat on the stage. A slender young woman with large breasts got up from the front row and wheeled a cart with a TV from the darkened edge of the room to the middle, placing it where both Jack and the ladies could see. She turned on the TV and then walked away.

It only took a few moments for the image to fill the screen of Jack sitting in his recliner, facing the big screen monitor, his body completely naked as he slowly stroked his cock, his eyes transfixed on the screen with bee girl slowly oiling her breasts. The video continued as she worked the rest of her body, Jack finally squirting a huge gush of cum into the air with a loud grunt.

"So Jack, do you wish to still plead not guilty? I have many more such images I can display to the jury."

"Jury? This isn't a trial. There isn't anything you can prove." Jack answered defiantly.

"Oh but it is. This isn't a court of law, but it is a court of justice. Jack, every lady at the party tonight was one of your victims. What you did was...naughty to say the least. Illegal as well. You might have even gotten away with it if you hadn't recorded me. But I could feel that I was being watched. I could sense that someone was watching me even long after I had left. Jack, you should never, ever, spy on a witch." She said sternly.

"So all of you are witches?" Jack asked incredulously.

"Oh, certainly not. But a few of us are, yes. The rest, just ordinary women who would like to see some justice. All of them here have agreed to abide by whatever justice I meet out for you for your transgressions. None will go tell the police of either this place or what has become of you. You are quite fully at my mercy, the mercy of my Coven Court, so to speak."

"You can't do anything to me!"

"Think again. You are far underground. Your screams wouldn't even penetrate the walls of this old mansion let along the dozens of feet deep of dirt. There is simply no escape for you. You have two choices, accept responsibility for what you have done, and with that the punishment, or...well there really isn't another choice."

Jack looked around the room as the lights came up around him. The room was like a dungeon, but a very well decorated one. The walls were of rough stone, yet elegant furniture sat around the room, along with display cases of all sorts of weapons, some for battle defense, some clearly for punishment. Jack didn't like the look of any of them and recoiled at the thought that maybe they would be used on him. Fear crept into his body and soul. Fear of what might happen to him, fear of what had already been done.

"You're right. I did record you. Maybe all of you, I'm not sure. I'm sorry. I know it was wrong."

"Thank you Jack," the temptress said as she got up from the glass desk, striding quickly across the stage and down the stairs. "that wasn't really so hard was it?"

"No." Jack said quietly.

"Good. So the first part of your punishment is complete. You've seen your fault and you regret your choice, even if a bit belatedly."

"So you'll let me go now?"

The Temptress laughed loudly, her big round tits wiggling slightly as she did. The other ladies joined in the laughter. "Jack, you can't really think that your punishment would be that simple, would you? Oh no. We have a much more fitting punishment for you. You've been recording women for three years. Three long years of abusing us without our knowledge. All things that go around come around. For the next three years you will be our entertainment. For the next three years you will stay here and pleasure each of us at any time we want and in any way we want. In addition we have some...friends, that like to watch. You will conduct yourself as they desire. If that means having sex with their spouse, or another equally agreeable individual while they watch, so be it. You are forbidden to come yourself until they give you permission. If you violate that, well, let's just say you don't want to." She said walking over to a glass case and looking at the variety of little clamps, chains, whips and paddles. "Do you understand Jack? For the next three years you will be used and abused every bit as much as all your victims were." She said as she walked over toward me. "Any questions?"

Jack looked at the gathering of women, most out of their chairs now, moving toward him, each holding a single long feather. "Is this for real? You can't do this!"

"Oh trust me Jack, it's very much for real. And since I figured you'd need to have more proof, I'm going to teach you that sometimes what feels pleasurable in small quantities can become torture. "Girls, he's all yours." She said as she turned and walked back toward the stage, reaching the first step as the first young woman stroked her feather between his legs. "Oh jack. You are so going to learn to be cooperative." She whispered as she sat down to watch Jack's first lesson in pleasurable torture.
