Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 4/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
scot25 prompt : Chosen
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

“It actually happened because of Willow. She was playing around with some magic and stuff – just little spells she said. Anyway, I was at work on the site, doing some drywall and one of the guys I was working with started getting really – I dunno – sniffy with me. I got annoyed, finally asked him what was wrong. He – God it was so strange – he changed in front of me, turned out he was a demon using a charm to look more human. He said he could smell the magic all over me, wanted to know if I could do him a better deal on his charm! He thought I was some kind of warlock with the amount of magic I had floating around me.” Draining his mug, Xander looked down into it, avoiding both Angel and Spike's gaze. “Can I – would it be alright if I had some more please?”

Angel leapt up, grabbing the mug and heading for the kitchen. Standing by the microwave, waiting for the blood to heat up, he deliberately tried to blank his mind. Spike had been so – so hurt that maybe he really did have feelings for Xander. And if that was the case, Xander being changed might mean they could get together safely. Which meant he would have to let his new Childe go. And he didn't want to. How he had felt with Xander while they were on the bed – he didn't want to let that go. But he wouldn't force the boy to stay with him. Spike could take care of Xander's needs as a Childe just as well as Angel could, possibly better since he knew exactly how not to treat a Childe. Angelus had not been the kindest of Sire's. But that would mean he lost Xander and Spike. And looking over at the two of them as they desperately tried not to look at each other, not to talk to each other, he realised that he wanted them to stay, wanted both of them. He wanted his family back, and he wanted it to be a proper vampire family – with the never-ending closeness, the demonic love – all of it. And maybe, just maybe, Xander was the hook that would bring his favourite Childe (up until now) back to him once and for all.

“What did you mean – earlier – when you said I was yours – what did you mean?”
“Woulda thought that was obvious. Fuckin' Pouf gave you to me years ago – friggin typical of him to take ya back. Always wants what I have he does”.

“Were you ever going to tell me?” Looking down at his hands, Xander tried not to feel hopeful.

“Yeah – I was gonna tell ya. I was – look, with the chip ya hated me, or ya seemed to. But lately we've been – started to – oh fuck it! I wanted ya to want me – I thought we were starting to be friends. And I wanted ya to choose to be with me. I wanted to be chosen for once, instead of a consolation prize”.

“Spike I'd already chosen you! I only came up here to see Angel to let him know about the chip – about how Buffy and Giles were treating you. I wanted him to tell me how to keep you safe, how much blood you really needed – that sort of thing. It – how this happened was just a typical Xand-man fuck up, and I think Angel is trying to make the best of it”.

“Didn't look like either of ya was finding it a hardship”. Still jealous, almost pouting, Spike turned his shoulder towards Xander, hunching over to protect himself as he felt more vulnerable.

“Oh come on – I'd have to be blind not to find Angel attractive, right? Don't tell me you don't find him attractive too, that you don't have a type?? Because even I can see I could be a younger version of Angel in the right light”. Finally angry, Xander jumped to his feet.

“Is that what ya think? That I only want you because you remind me o'him? You're so fucking stupid Pet”.

“Oh yeah, right – stupid Xander. He never understands, he's too stupid to get the reasons for anything. Can't include him in this because he might get hurt. Can't include him in that because he won't get it. Because the only special thing about Xander is that he rides the short bus to school”. Jumping to his feet, Spike pulled Xander into his arms, pulling his head down onto Spike's shoulder and holding him close.

“No, no Pet – that wasn't what I meant. I'm sorry, I'm a rude, bad man – that wasn't what I meant at all”. Resting his head next to Xander's he began a low purr, soothing the young vamp instinctively. Xander's legs went from under him, and they sank to the floor until he was almost lying in Spike's arms, head resting against his chest so he could feel as well as hear the purr, Spike's fingers carding through his hair almost enough to send him to sleep. “Angel mighta given ya to me, Pet, but when I came back to Sunnydale I chose ya. I want ya – for everything that you are. You're so lovely Pet, so loyal, so strong. I wanted ya – I still want ya. You're beautiful, Pet – make a fuckin' gorgeous vampire ya do”.

Spike looked up as Angel walked back from the kitchen, two mugs in his hands. He put a finger to his lips, gesturing for quiet as he realised that Xander had dozed off. Shifting his legs round, he settled more comfortably against the sofa, still stroking Xander's hair and purring. Shifting in his sleep, Xander wriggled his way down until he was resting with his head in Spike's lap.

Angel passed him one of the mugs, moving to sit opposite the two of them as he drank from the other one.

“Spike – I never intended to take him away from you. Did he tell you why he came up here? That he came to find out how to help you?” Spike nodded, avoiding Angel's gaze as he sipped from the mug of blood, other arm holding Xander as close as possible. “If I had known what had happened to you, I would have come for you Spike”.

“Would ya really?”

“Yes, Spike, really. Whatever has happened in the past, you are my family Spike. I would not have let this insult stand – you belong to the House of Aurelius, you are William the Bloody – they had no right”.

“Ok, ok Peaches, don't get yourself worked up. I get it – you woulda come for me”. Lowering his head into his mug, Spike tried to hide how happy it made him that Angel got angry on his behalf. Sighing at himself for being such a ponce as to be touched at this show of affection. They sat in silence for a few moments, both drinking and thinking.

“Where do we go from here?”

“Dunno. He's gonna wanna stay close to you – gonna need his “Sire”. And besides, we still don't know how the fuck he managed to hold onto himself”.

“Yeah – can't wait to hear the rest of that story. Although it's not sitting well that it starts with Willow”. Spike grimaced – Angel had no idea how out of control the witch had become.

“God, Angel – how the hell are ya planning on telling them about this?? They're gonna assume the soul's gone walkies and Angelus is loose again!”

“Oh believe me, I have been trying to figure that out myself. But we don't have to think about that now”. Sighing, he looked down at Xander who now had a death-grip on Spike's wrist. “We should put him to bed – he's exhausted. Most fledges don't have to deal with anything other than feed and sex”.

“Yeah, and this one's got blood, sex, friends, all that crap going through his head. Where do ya want me to put him?”

“You going to go mad again if I say I want him in the bed through there?”

“Dunno – where ya planning on sleeping?”

“We can all sleep in there – plenty of room”.

“Ya want me to sleep with him?”

“Yes. And I want you to sleep with me”. 

Peeking through his lashes, Xander watched as Angel and Spike undressed and climbed into the bed on either side of him. Inwardly he smiled as they both snuggled up to him, and he allowed himself to drift back to sleep, his human face finally sliding back as he completely relaxed. Determined to stake his claim, Spike threw his arm over Xander's waist, colliding with Angel's arm as it was about to do the same. Huffily, Spike moved to yank his arm back, shocked as Angel's hand grabbed hold of his, forcibly entwining their fingers, his thumb stroking Spike's palm. For a moment, Angel lay with his eyes open, waiting for Spike to reject him, shake his hand loose. Then he relaxed as a slender thumb stroked his.