What do you think you're doin', lazy ass?

It was dark. He was cold. That was all, at first: two thoughts, chasing him out of a drifting kind of oblivion. There was nothing, and then-- cold, dark. It was annoying.

He frowned. Thought about turning over, getting up, moving-- gets the blood goin', a voice out of memory said, don't it?

He tried to lift his arm, and found he couldn't move.

He tried to take a breath, but when he opened his mouth there was nothing to draw in.

He tried to open his eyes, but saw only black on black on black.

That was when Squall Leonheart truly woke up, and began to panic.

***

"Twenty-three!" Guy yelled to him. Luke didn't waste his breath on answering, just made a twist down the right corridor and kept on running. He counted the numbers off as he went, though he might not have bothered-- the hatch in question had a light blinking a warning red on its front, and a dark shape inside that was beginning to thrash.

The hatch beside it, Luke noted, was gaping open and empty, which could have been good or bad. But any further consideration of that was shoved to the back of his mind as he skidded to a halt on the slick metal floor and slammed a hand against the release button beside hatch number twenty-three. He all but held his breath as he waited to see if it would work-- and muttered a curse as the mechanisms ground to life too slowly. "Fine, then," he said to the wall, and as soon as he had the space he wedged his fingers into the gradually widening crack and pulled.

It meant that his hands were right in the way of the gush of steaming-cold mako that flooded out, the pumps operating just as slowly as the door mechanisms, but he gritted his teeth against the burn and kept pulling. He'd stewed in the stuff for enough years that he figured a little more wouldn't kill him.

Hopefully, anyway. He should probably remember to ask Guy about it later, just in case.

The gears gave one last grind and clank as the hatch wedged itself fully open, and Luke reached inside to pull the sliding shelf forward, watching carefully as the body on top of it reacted to the open air with a jerk-- the guy was breathing, though, in great heaving gulps, and while his eyes were hazy and confused they were open. Luke grinned in relief and turned his head to holler down the corridor.

"Got him!"

***

Light, suddenly, spearing through the blackness and right into his eyes, and someone or something was moving him, making the world spin around him. The cold only got worse, and his body nearly convulsed in an automatic shiver as the air hit it.

Someone was leaning over him-- shouting something, fuck that was loud-- and he couldn't even do anything to protect himself.

Wuss. You'd better hope you never see battle, Leonheart, or you're gonna be nothin' but a pile of meat by the end of the first day. Why the hell're you here, anyway?

Shut up, he thought, and drew in a thick, shaky breath. "What," he croaked, then had to stop while he shook in a fit of coughing.

"Take it easy, man. You're all right-- we'll get you warmed up and walking around and you'll be just fine, you'll see."

"Cold," he managed next, though inwardly he cringed at the plaintive sound of his own voice.

"I know," the stranger said, "it'll wear off. Guy," he shouted again, making Squall wince, "blankets? Please?"

"All right, all right," a second voice said, further away but getting closer. Instinct tried to make Squall move away from the strangers, or even just look at the second one as he approached, but his damnable body still wasn't listening to him the way it should. His attempt to shift just made the world spin again, and he had to close his eyes against it.

A moment later, though, something warm and soft wrapped itself around him, startling him into a gasp but fuck, it felt good. It nearly burned against his too-cold skin, and as soon as the warmth began to sink in he started to shiver hard enough to make him light-headed, but it was good. Hands on his arms held him steady while he shook, and eventually it eased to something more manageable.

He opened his eyes, squinted until the light seemed more bearable. The two faces above him didn't look threatening. Both were smiling, the redhead more so than the blond but both friendly enough, but there was something about being on his back and-- he shifted carefully under the heavy weight of the blanket, confirming his suspicions-- on his back and naked in front of strangers that was making him twitch for a weapon.

This time when he tried to shift, the world stayed put. His two benefactors even helped steady him as he shakily came to a seated position and swung his legs off the little metal tray he'd been lying on. And if he had to wait there while his vision swam a bit more, well, at least he was improving.

He braced his arms and lifted his head, looking around. He was in some kind of hallway, lined with little square doors with control panels beside them-- the viewports set into the doors showed a lot of them as empty, though some were filled with something dark and murky. Everything else in sight was sterile white and grey, though with a kind of dusty and disused patina, a sense of age.

Eyeing the wall across from him, Squall froze for a moment as a possibility suggested itself--then turned his head slowly to look at the wall behind him.

His erstwhile bed was sticking out of one of those hatches, one that was currently empty but shone on the inside like an oil slick on water. The area inside was only just big enough for a person to lie flat.

Squall remembered the dark, and the cold, and decided that he needed to be away from there right now.

The two strangers seemed to be expecting it when he started struggling his way off the metal tray, gripping tight to the edge when it didn't seem like his legs would hold him and then gripping equally tight to the arms that came to help him put one foot in front of the other. The blanket got tucked firmly around his shoulders, still radiating welcome heat, but he still found himself shivering until they turned a corner and left that hallway full of tombs behind.

They emerged into a bigger room, with panels of machinery and monitors along most of the exposed walls. It looked a little less sterile than the hallways had-- the floor was a bit more worn down, stained darker in places, and there was dust building thickly in the corners. Most of the clutter had been shoved aside, though, by the other two people in the room--as Squall watched, one of them glanced up, saw them, and kicked a toppled chair aside to make room.

"Just the one?" that man asked. He was dark-haired, dark-eyed-- he had the look of a Wutaian in the shape of his features. The other man, too, once Squall looked for it, had a bit of that look to him, though the eyes threw him off at first-- an odd red-amber instead of the expected dark brown.

"None of the others responded," the redhead replied, sounding sad.

The dark-eyed Wutaian shrugged. "That wasn't unexpected, given the way things have gone so far."

"Others?" Squall asked sharply, pushing off his supporters and grabbing onto the wall instead, sliding down it until he was sitting on the floor. It wasn't much in the way of distance, but it felt better to have at least some space between him and them.

"You saw them," the red-eyed man said, barely turning away from the screen he was watching. The display flashed as he worked the controls, casting a pale glare on his face.

"Back there," the blond elaborated. "Most of the people they put in those things don't manage to get out again. You're lucky, in a way."

Squall thought back and remembered the darkened hatches amongst the empty ones. If each of those had held a body-- there would have been thirty, maybe fourty dead men in that hallway, and he knew he'd seen other similar hallways off to the side as they'd walked. "What is this place?"

The redhead crouched down a short distance away-- close enough to speak but not too close for Squall's comfort, which earned him a grudging kind of appreciation. He didn't answer Squall's question, though. "What do you remember?" he asked instead.

"I--" Squall started, then paused, thinking back and coming up with a disturbing number of blank areas in his memory. Some of it he could attribute to the lingering fuzziness in his head, but the rest-- some of the memories weren't just vague, they were gone. "I'm not sure," he eventually admitted, reluctantly. "I-- the academy. I was training at the Balamb Academy, getting ready to take the SEED exam."

The redhead glanced aside uncertainly at the dark-eyed man. "SEED?" he asked, which was strange, because there was hardly anyone in the three worlds who wouldn't have heard of the program.

"Mercenaries," the other man explained easily, as if to prove Squall's point. "An organized, well-trained troupe of mercenaries; Balamb was one of their training facilities."

"So you were military, kind of," the blond said, as if proving a point. "That fits the pattern."

"What pattern?" Squall demanded, getting irritated. "Would someone tell me what's going on?"

He saw the three of them-- only three, because the fourth was still intent on his data display--exchange looks. "Love to," the blond said, "but there's a lot that we don't know, either."

"That's why we're here," the redhead added earnestly. "We're trying to find out. And of course we're helping anyone still stuck like you were."

"Their records are nearly useless," the fourth man said suddenly, and it wasn't clear whether he was adding to the conversation or merely commenting on his own. "We won't get much from here, either, but I'll piece together what I can."

"Thanks, Vincent," the blond said, then turned his attention back to Squall and hesitated when he met Squall's increasingly irritated expression. "Look," he said, "I don't know whether this is any consolation, but the four of us--" He gestured, taking in the room's other inhabitants. "We're pretty much the same as you. We were being held the same way you were, just in different laboratories. Vincent and Roy," he added, gesturing at the two Wutaians, "woke Luke and I up the same way we did you. We don't know why, yet; we all have holes in our memory."

"In an attempt to find out," the dark-eyed man, Roy, added in, "we've been traveling to various facilities like this one, trying to track down any useful information. There's a bit more to it than that," he added with a shrug, "details and the like, but that's the essence of it."

Silence descended, the four strangers because they seemed to be waiting for a response-- or, in Vincent's case, just didn't care-- and Squall because he was still caught somewhere around the fact that nobody knew what the hell was going on. It was a bit hard to take, stuck in a place he didn't recognize with people he didn't know, weakened and all but defenceless and with some sort of faceless, mysterious mastermind hanging over them all--

He shoved against the wall, pushing himself up, following the sudden and pressing need he felt to see the sky. To breathe. The walls were starting to feel awfully close.

Practicality kept him from shoving Luke away when he stepped in close to help; if Squall hadn't been certain that he wouldn't make it to the door without the support, it would have been a different story. As it was, he was leaning heavily on Luke's arm by the time they'd gone through the narrow entryway and almost to what had to be the outer doors. He shook the support off, though, when they came close enough that he could put his own hands on the door itself and push hard. The heavy metal panel swung back with a startling bang.

The sky outside the door was heavy and grey, the air was thick with some metallic tang. But Squall still drew in a lungful of it, feeling the vague tension that had been building in him drain away until he could focus on the landscape and try to figure out where he was. From where they stood, he had a view downward over a large portion of some city; the ground beneath them wasn't ground, he discovered quickly, but metal-- they were elevated on a platform of some kind over who-knew-what. More city, probably.

There was something naggingly familiar about the cityscape, though, something that he couldn't quite put his finger on. It took staring at one particularly familiar tower for long minutes before it hit him, and then he was turning his head, following the streets, looking for landmarks and actually finding them--

"This is Balamb," he said numbly. "But it's-- what happened?"

Because the city he remembered wasn't broken the way this one was, wasn't sheathed in smoke and crumbled at the edges. But it was, undeniably, the same city. Which shouldn't have been possible, but--

"It's probably been a lot longer than you think," Luke said quietly. "I know it was for me. I'm still trying to get caught up on everything that's happened since-- since whatever happened, happened."

"How long--"

"Don't know. Maybe you'll get lucky and Vincent will find your file, then we'd be able to tell for sure."

Squall shook his head, not to deny anything-- though the concept of lucky was a strange one to apply to the situation, he thought-- but just in reaction. And he looked out at what had been his city, and wondered just what the hell had happened.

***

Luke saw the exact moment that their newest acquaintance realized he was standing outside dressed in nothing but a thermal blanket. Which meant that most of the shock was worn off, which was good, but also probably meant that he'd be asking for clothes soon, which was a bit problematic. They didn't have much in the way of extra supplies, but if they ever intended to leave the lab-- which he certainly hoped they would, and soon-- the new guy would probably need some pants.

He was almost walking on his own, too, when they made their way back inside, though he still went back to the wall and sat down again, pulling the blanket around himself along with a thick silence. Luke left him for the moment, going over towards the main desk instead where Guy and Vincent were peering at the screen. Guy broke away and intercepted him before he got close, reaching out for his hands. "Let me see."

Luke rolled his eyes, but let the other man lift his hands and peer at the reddened skin. "It's nothing. I barely even feel it, and it'll be gone in an hour, so."

Guy looked up at him narrowly, then unerringly found the single blister on the inside of his wrist, pressing one finger lightly next to it and making Luke wince. "Barely feel it, hunh?"

"Well, it's mostly true," Luke muttered back sullenly. "Look, I didn't have any other choice, you know that."

"Yeah, I do," Guy agreed easily enough. "Doesn't mean I have to like it. Come on, I'll put something on this."

He could have protested-- because it would heal quickly enough, one advantage of their situation was that at least the little things didn't last-- but Guy had that look in his eyes that meant Luke would be better off saving his breath. So he let Guy take him over to their packs, spread on the salve they'd scavenged at the last lab and wrap his palms in a loose bandage. They both went back over to Vincent, after, leaning over the back of his chair. "Anything?"

Vincent made a low sound of disgust. "A few reports that could turn out to be something, but I somehow doubt it. They're old enough that they might be able to tell us about the project's origins, or they might be maintenance records or an inventory of their office supplies. The text is partially corrupted, we won't know for certain what's in it until I've had time to work with it for a while." Vincent glanced up just once, eyes glinting red as they fixed across the room. "Go find out his name, so I can look for his records specifically."

Luke followed the look, saw the thick silence the new guy had wrapped around himself, and sighed inwardly. "Right," he muttered. He headed over to his pack, trying to think if his spare shirt was clean-- and he thought that maybe Guy's pants would fit, at least he hoped so, because he didn't want to have to try and convince Roy to share. He honestly wasn't sure Vincent even had any spare clothes; he certainly looked like he wore the same thing all the time.

A few minutes later, clothes in hand, he approached the new guy. "Hope these fit," he said by way of greeting. "We can find you something else when we get out of here, but for now I'm afraid this is all we've got."

The new guy snatched up the clothes pretty quickly, so that was probably a good sign. Luke took the chance and sank down to the floor a little bit in front of him, folding his legs. "So, you probably caught this already, but I'm Luke. That's Guy, Vincent, and Roy," he added, pointing at each of them in turn. Guy looked up and smiled at the sound of his name; Vincent continued ignoring everything. Roy, sitting a little apart from them all, looked on with an arched eyebrow.

"You--" Luke hesitated, because he knew it was a distinct possibility, but-- "Do you remember your name?"

He hadn't, not at first. He figured it was a valid question.

The new guy just blinked at him, giving up nothing, until--"Squall," he said.

Luke smiled. "Squall," he repeated. "Nice to meet you." Behind him, Luke heard Vincent start up a fresh burst of typing. He also heard Roy snort at him, to which he just rolled his eyes-- he was getting better at ignoring the older man's sarcasm, since he'd figured out that Roy mostly didn't mean anything by it.

Mostly. Sometimes he was just an asshole.

He was opening his mouth again to say something else-- he wasn't sure what, but he usually managed to come up with something, and he felt a little obliged to keep Squall talking now that he'd started. Except that before he could get to the point of actually making words, Vincent spoke.

"Got it," he said, and instantly had everyone in the room's attention. "Squall Leonheart, born 640 A.C., correct?"

Squall nodded wordlessly. Roy gave a low whistle. "You're looking good for a seventy year old," he said, offhand, and Luke winced even as Squall's eyes went a little wide.

"Seventy," he said in a flat tone. He glanced over at Luke, as if for confirmation, and Luke reluctantly nodded.

"Told you it had been longer than you thought," he offered weakly.

"Discuss it later," Vincent said. "I have as much information as we're going to get, I think."

"Good," Guy said. "Then let's get out of here."

If he'd expected Squall to argue, Luke would have been disappointed. But he remembered when he'd been in that position, and he caught the wary looks that Squall kept sending down the hall, so it would have been more surprising if he hadn't been more than ready to leave. What was a little startling was that Squall pushed up the wall, borrowed clothes held tightly to his chest, and spoke without any prompting. "I know roughly where we are in the city," he said. "I know where my old barracks used to be-- if the Academy is still there, they might have more information about what happened to me."

"Is that wise?" Roy said. "It's entirely possible that they're the ones who put him in here in the first place. And it's just as possible that the facility is no longer there, given everything else that's happened in the meantime."

"I think it's worth checking out," Guy said with a narrow look at Roy. "We'll be careful, obviously, but at the very least we might find somewhere to hole up for a few days and rest while Vincent tries to make sense of this."

Roy held up his hands in surrender, shaking his head. "I'm merely presenting all of the options," he said mildly.

"Right, then," Luke said, standing as well. "Balamb Academy it is."