It took Ronald Weasley barely a few hours to manage to come up with a plan. It had been concocted while pacing lines into the floor, muttering angrily to himself, and trying to resist the urge to call up every one of his brothers for help. In the end, he’d penned out a quick text to everyone he knew within the agency and his family who could possibly offer something, all under the guise of absolute secrecy. If so much as a word got out about this that Ron hadn’t released himself, everyone involved knew that heads would roll.

He spent the next two days on the phone.
---
Harry, however, spent the next two days in a dungeon that no one knew existed. No one excepting the entire Malfoy family, of course; it was obvious from Harry’s first hour alone down there that he was hardly the first to go down there for treasonous activity. There were blood splatters all over the walls, the floor - it was hard to discern precisely how old they were, or where one ended and the next began. It was unbearably cold, too, and Harry caught without much of a coat.

Yet somehow, he couldn’t help but feel sorry for Draco. He still clung to that logic, that something in his head that insisted all the blond needed was a way out. Some opportunity to escape the hell that he was caught in. That he’d been dragged into from birth and on, without so much as a choice to leave. He supposed it may as well have been his own fault that the blond was in his current position. And it was that thought alone that kept Harry warm and content even in the dank basement, with little to calm or comfort him between Malfoy’s brief and far between visits.

He was fed, certainly, and watered. Draco wasn’t cruel, per se - Harry never thought he would be. Nor did he expect much by way of torture; though Malfoy had openly admitted to having murdered Hermione in cold blood, he couldn’t see any reason to die immediately. The way it came off to an observant third party, it was almost as thought the blond merely wanted to rid himself of any and all obstructions to his living. Everyone else had given up on the family up till then - Harry wasn’t sure if Hermione dying or even him dying would make any changes in that opinion - and had effectively left them be. It was merely himself and Ron that were getting in the way now, throwing a wrench into plans that were otherwise flawless.

Harry did have to admire Malfoy’s planning. Perhaps it wasn’t only his, though - Riddle likely played a large part in everything done, giving orders and making sure everyone was doing what they ought to be, as far as Hermione had stated. Harry began to worry his lower lip between his teeth, wincing only barely as his teeth tore asunder the tender and chapped flesh. It was a subconscious motion, one he managed to ignore until he heard the ricochet of Draco’s familiar footsteps on the stairs.

The brunet whipped around where he sat, grateful for the unexpected shift provided by turning around to greet Draco. Leaning against the wall casually, the blond merely stared for a long moment before speaking, his familiar drawl almost music to Harry’s ears after the endless silence to which he’d been treated.

“How long do you think it’d be before your little friend calls all his little friends and ambushes me when he thinks I’m off-guard?”

Harry thought about that for a very long moment - it likely felt longer to him than it actually was, though - before shrugging. His voice felt harsh and rasping in his throat; perhaps he’d ask for a bit more water. “I couldn’t say,” he offered truthfully. “Knowing Ron, it’d be as soon as he could.”

Grey eyes rolled skyward, accompanied by the most annoyed sigh Harry had ever heard. “Then clearly I should keep on my guard. Two days is more than enough for anyone to get together some sort of plan. And if it isn’t…” He trailed off, stifling a snort of laughter as he strode towards Harry, motioning for him to get up. It wasn’t precisely distinguished for a Malfoy to have to bend down, nor did he have any precise inclination to touch a prisoner who hadn’t washed in days.

Harry rose to his feet slowly, reveling in the harsh stretch the motion provided. Certainly, he had taken to doing laps around the small confines, but it wasn’t quite the same as finally being required for something. Some part of him was almost excited to see what he was in for, leaving another - saner - part of him to scream profane epithets at himself as it fought for control; he could feel his heart beating in his chest, pounding with adrenalin caused by merely that long grey stare. It was as though Draco had forsaken blinking altogether.

“Why don’t you fill me in on a few things, Potter?” Malfoy asked then, voice lowered to almost a purr - he must have known what effect it had on people and adapted it appropriately, Harry thought. “I’m afraid my knowledge isn’t as complete as I’d like it to be.”

“What do you want to know?” Harry asked breathlessly. His voice was beginning to return, and he cleared his throat in an attempt to bring it back faster. From all he had heard about the Riddle family, doubtless Draco would be the forgiving type. Not if he was willing to kill someone just for upholding one simple lie. The sane part of Harry took a moment of silence to mourn Hermione, and he let his eyes fall closed behind scratched glasses.

“You’ll find out, won’t you?” A hand tangled itself in Harry’s hair suddenly, nearly tearing out a thick chunk by the roots; Harry stifled a pained cry, stumbling after Draco as directed. He had a feeling this wasn’t going to be good.
---
If he survived this entire exercise in exactly why big-time mafia families shouldn’t be allowed to exist, Ron knew that he was going to tender his resignation. He didn’t know what he was going to do, but it was going to be far less exciting than working for MI6. Maybe he’d been a janitor or take up some mediocre hobby. Something that kept him far and away from people and their failings.

After spending two days on the phone with very little sleep and even less success, the redhead was running on little more than fumes. At the same time, he knew that Harry was in a bad spot that wasn’t getting better, and no one but him was doing anything about it. It was more than enough to put things into perspective, and give him the brief bouts of strength that were required to drag himself out to the well-known Malfoy Manor armed with only himself, his failing wits, and a fully loaded regulation handgun.

In all honesty, he had hoped he’d have been able to find someone else to come along if for no other reason than sheer moral support, and possibly the fact that it would have been far easier to swipe heavier artillery. But everyone else had bigger fish to fry, and those who didn’t were too emotionally scarred to even make the attempt; Ron couldn’t blame his brothers, not after he’d seen first-hand how badly they’d all taken the funeral.

All he had now was the element of surprise. He killed the engine of the little car a few metres down the country road, as if it had merely broken down, left abandoned by its lost owner; Ron knew there were few ways into the Manor, short of climbing over the wrought-iron gates or the thick stone walls (which were more than likely alarmed, if not guarded), and the chances of him just being let in were slim. He banked on having to climb, had worn a pair of cleats as if it would help the matter. When he arrived at two heavy gates, one left just open enough for a person to slide through, he wondered if it wasn’t a pleasant surprise or just an ambush.
---
“Out with it, Harry,” Draco sang, gouging the knife deeper beneath Harry’s nail. It was one of the only things that ever hinted that he might have been related to Bellatrix Lestrange, the woman Harry knew so well as only a psychotic mass-murderer; the possible relation had been only rumour until Lucius’ death, when Narcissa had made no secret of Bellatrix being her sister. Despite his unlawful treatment, Harry bit his tongue - literally, his teeth sinking into flesh until he could taste copper. He could no longer stand to look at his hands, instead focusing his gaze straight into unfeeling grey eyes adjacent. Draco seemed only too happy to hold the stare, a terrifying smirk pulling his mouth wide. A pan sat beside the pair of them on a small table, not unlike those involved in surgeries; Harry knew Malfoy had been planning this for far too long, or at least entertaining the thought of what he’d do if he happened to get one of them in custody.

Three of Harry’s fingernails already sat in the tray, the other two holding on by barely a thread. It was more painful than anything he’d ever gone through to date, but still his eyes locked on Draco’s, offering few outwards signs that he was even registering it. He thought it might have been working, that he might be getting through to the blond with just that unwavering stare, until he found stars dancing before his eyes and a throbbing sting in his cheek.

“I worried you might have gone and passed out on me,” Draco drawled, one hand snapping Harry’s face back towards him. “It’s happened before, after all.”

Harry offered nothing by way of reply, merely clearing his throat again. The blood flooding his mouth was pooling beneath his tongue, leaking out of the corner of his mouth with the effort of the cough. Draco drew back, barely a wince, and sneered at the possibility of foreign contaminants on his crisp white shirt, before boring back beneath Harry’s nail suddenly. The unexpected gesture drew a pained wail from the brunet, an arching of his back against the solid chair to which he was lashed.

“That’s better.”

“There’s nothing I can tell you that will possibly help you,” Harry tried, turning his head to one side to rid himself of some of the blood impeding his speech; he spat it onto the untreated concrete of the floor, merely adding to the spatters there. One of Malfoy’s thin brows went up, disbelieving and curious, so Harry went on. “You don’t have to do this.”

“Do what? Peel your nails off slowly because you can’t answer a simple question?” There was another sharp jab from the knife, and the fourth of Harry’s nails popped off with an unpleasant squirt of blood; he barely bit back the scream this time, choosing the interior of his cheek to abuse now. “I’ll break it to you kindly, Potter, because I don’t think you’re smart enough to follow much else: I like what I do.”

“No, y-”

Harry’s protest was silenced as Draco drew the knife away from his hands, the tip resting instead at Harry’s throat. He swallowed; a small rivulet of blood trickled down to pool in his collarbone.

“Shut up. Just do me a favour and keep your opinions to yourself. I like what I do. I like being the source of most contraband in this forsaken city, and I like killing people who get in my way. I like tearing your nails off one by one and making you watch, and if only you’d been around early, I’d have liked to fuck your little friend and then kill her while you watched that. I don’t know what it is about your lot, but you always think you can save people.” A cruel curve tugged at Malfoy’s mouth, and the tip of the knife dug in slightly deeper, choking Harry. “I hate to break it to you - that’s a lie, I don’t actually care - but there’s nothing here to save. You’ve gone and missed the boat, my friend.”

Harry would have offered more of his opinions, but it was hard enough to swallow without twinges of pain, let alone speaking. Only when the knife slid away from his throat did he dare clear his throat again, gasping to return the required amount of air back into his lungs; Draco was already walking away from him, leaving him tethered to the chair as he listened to something.

“Your friend’s here.”

“You ca-can hear that from d-down here?” Harry gasped, choking the words out, eyes on Malfoy’s back. Draco cast a look over his shoulder that suggested Harry was nothing short of an idiot.

“I have cameras all over my property. He just walked through the front door.”

Harry felt a leap in his chest, hopeful glee suddenly filling him; if it were possible for Ron to just walk through the door, perhaps there was some lapse in Malfoy’s judgement they hadn’t realised before now. The thought that Draco was merely baiting them both had occurred to him, been brushed away, yet niggled still; he didn’t want to admit that maybe it had all been a ruse, some preplanned attempt at getting them both into the Manor so that Draco could bump them off without any questions asked. No one would even notice they’d disappeared.
---
Ron had been on edge ever since the moment he realised not only had the gate been left open, but the front door was unlocked. He’d drawn his firearm, held at the ready as he headed through the dark house, his back to the walls as he constantly glanced back and forth; he knew that he looked nearly insane to anyone who hazarded a walk by, but thankfully the manor was empty. It was beginning to look more and more like a set up. Even so, it wasn’t one Ron could pass up. Harry was somewhere in that house, and Ron was going to search forever if he had to.

But it took almost no time for the ginger to find himself nearly lost in the winding corridors that seemingly led in circles, took barely a few minutes more for him to find a door just left ajar: it was more than just a set up now; it was a full-on lure. Ron nudged the door barely open, dropping into a crouch to peer down the darkened stairs.

A bullet went off, burying itself into the wall just behind Ron’s head. His heart caught in his throat, and he froze where he crouched, immediately grateful for the doorjamb digging into his back.

“I know you’re down there, Malfoy,” he called, smirking to himself as he kept the nervous waver from his voice.

“You’re an idiot if you didn’t, Weasley,” The drawl was no less pretentious than it ever was, perpetually mocking. “I nearly shot you.”

“Yeah, well- You didn’t.” It was a weak comeback, and Ron knew it. His cheeks flushed slightly as borderline hysterical laughter issued from the basement.

“Not going to join me and your friend down here, are you?”

“Not in a million years, Malfoy. Bring Harry up here, and we’ll come to an agreement.”

“Lower your weapon, first.”

Ron was positive that it was only the potential threat against Harry’s life that made him lower the gun. He set it down, making sure the sound was loud enough for Malfoy to register, then kicked it behind him, making note of exactly where it had gone for the first opportunity he got. The sound was followed by unbearable silence before Malfoy muttered something incoherent, and Harry cried out.

“Oi!” Ron barked, taking a step back towards his weapon. He was given no reply, merely the sight and sound of Harry stumbling up the stairs before Malfoy; as his best mate came into view, the redhead couldn’t help his bewildered expression for a moment, clamping down on it as soon as the blond became visible. Harry looked far worse for wear than he had the last time Ron had seen him - unsurprising, he supposed, considering who he was with. Blood spattered around his mouth, dark circles beneath his eyes, and a distinctly green tinge to his skin; Harry looked like he’d survived nothing short of hell. It was all Ron could do to keep from saying something.

“What’s this agreement you were thinking of?” Malfoy finally drawled, sounding as if he couldn’t possibly be bothered with anything Ron had to offer. In all likelihood, he wouldn’t - that was fine. All Ron wanted was to get Harry back home safe and sound.

“You got a drawing room in this place? I know you do,” Ron accused, taking another step back, pressing his back against the opposite wall. His gun was nearby, just at his feet; all he needed was a moment of distraction on Malfoy’s part to grab it. Harry caught his eye, trying to tell him something through just his gaze. For the first time, Ron mentally chastised himself for not learning how to read stares for what they said.

“What sort of heathen do you take me for?” Malfoy rolled his eyes, gesturing with one hand - Ron suddenly realised that Harry had a gun pressed against the small of his back - before motioning to be followed. He was strangely trusting, though it wasn’t like the ginger couldn’t follow the train of thought. If a gun was trained on the blond, all it took was a tiny twitch, and Harry was gone. But Ron leaned down after Draco had passed, scooping his handgun up, and holding it carefully, safety flicked on. He’d bide his time, he’d watch for an opening, and when the opening presented itself: he’d take it.
---
Draco was fully aware of the weapon not quite trained on him; he’d heard the faint click of a safety being turned on amidst his footsteps and Harry’s. He didn’t put it past Weasley in the slightly to have taken up his gun again - it was what Draco would have done, after all - and the fact that they’d made it to the drawing room without bloodshed was a sign that the obnoxious redhead likely knew what game was being played at.

Despite ‘negotiations’ having been a word thrown around, there was little chat going on in the small room. Draco was sitting on the arm of a large, comfortable chair, where he was better able to drape one arm around Harry’s shoulders, the heavy-looking firearm in his hand leaning effortlessly against the back of Harry’s head. Ron hadn’t yet uttered a single word where he sat adjacent, opting instead for a glare leveled at Draco, his gun placed in his lap - just waiting for the right moment to draw and fire. It was an old West gunfight, the blond thought, stifling a snigger. Whoever drew faster would be the winner, and Weasley was already at a disadvantage.

“So, did you just plan on having me wait here forever?” Draco finally asked, shattering the silence in such a way that Harry jumped, wincing visibly. The blond merely reached over with his free hand, smoothing Harry’s hair down in what Ron supposed was meant to be a reassuring way; it just came off creepy. Harry seemed soothed by it though, for some unknown, incomprehensible reason; Ron’s brows immediately creased, nestling together for some kind of quick meeting. “Or were you actually going to propose something.”

“I propose you let go of Harry, we walk out of here, and you get to live another day,” Ron snapped, glowering. “Of course, I can’t guarantee you’d get much more than that.”

“I don’t really like those odds,” Draco replied, voice a nonchalant drawl as his trigger finger twitched. Green eyes suddenly exploded wide behind their glasses, Harry’s mouth falling open in an ‘o’ of mild surprise.

“You bastard-” Ron bellowed, throwing himself out of his own chair with enough force to send the poor armchair wobbling. His gun was in his hand, leveled already at Draco’s head; the blond’s had already matched it: an old-fashioned stand-off, with neither willing to back down. Harry’s body had already slumped out of the chair, crumpled in a heap at Draco’s feet. The blond seemed fully unperturbed that one of his designer shoes was dangling in the blood seeping from the expansive exit wound, and it was more than enough to make Ron sick.

“Ah, ah, ah. None of that, Weasley, or you’ll join him. I told you, I didn’t like those odds,” Draco explained with a hint of amusement, still seated comfortably on the padded arm of the chair. “I thought I’d even them up a little bit, if you didn’t mind.”

“M-” The words caught in Ron’s throat, choking him momentarily. “Mind?! You blew a hole in my best mate’s head, and you think I don’t mind?” His finger was trembling against the trigger, his whole body shaking from the effort of not exploding on the spot. There were only two ways Draco could see the encounter ending, and it was with at least one of them in a body bag. If he had anything to say about it, it would only be the ginger whose life would be lost. No loss there, Draco decided.

“Don’t know what you saw in him. He wasn’t precisely the best conversationalist.”

“That’s i-”

Ron’s last words were cut off by a swift pull of the trigger, a bullet firmly embedding itself into his forehead; Draco couldn’t deny that his heart rate had risen slightly, that his breath had caught in his throat the moment he saw that faint movement that could have signaled his untimely demise. He slumped against the back of the chair, one hand massaging his temples as Weasley dropped to the floor, blood already soaking into his mother’s favourite rug. She’d have his head at some point - likely when she got back from her trip overseas: ‘a nice long vacation’, he’d told her to take; ‘somewhere pretty’.

It felt like an hour before he pushed himself up out of the chair, taking his swift leave of the two cooling bodies on his floor. It wasn’t like death bothered him - it followed the blond nearly everywhere, like a cloud of disease just waiting to descend upon him - but there was always something disconcerting about spending time in the same room as a pair of corpses. Perhaps it was the lingering part of him that wasn’t as morbid as the rest, the part he had to work to suppress in his profession. Draco took his leave of the room, offering a scant glance over his shoulder before shutting the door to it - he’d take care of everything later, all the possible fallout and the impending disposal - and began heading through the house, carefully closing the doors he’d left open to lead Weasley into his demise. He’d shut the gates from afar - there was an interior panel just beside the main doors - before pausing at the front, blinking up at the beautiful day. There was something entirely unfettered about the way the sun shone in the sky, warming everyone across the UK.

Draco was caught off-guard when the bullet struck his chest. From the front, not behind, like he might have expected. He glanced down, surprised, hand moving to press weakly against the wound; a second bullet met his brain not moments later, sending him stumbling a few steps back before the blond dropped to the hardwood floor of the foyer. Grey eyes continued to gape at the front door, the glaze of death the only sign that he couldn’t see the second ginger stepping up to the landing.

“Serves you right, you pompous arse.”

The door shut with a soft click, the blond’s body left slumped against the wall still bemused by the given situation. It would be three days before Narcissa would come home to her son’s dead body and thick stench of death percolating in the entirety of the house, greeting him with nothing but a shrill scream. Until then, the house was utterly silent, unless you listened closely: then you would hear the reverberation of gunshots still ringing through the manor’s expansive grounds.