The Notebook—Stupid Saeki and Bye-bye Ryomoka-chan!

A/N: We made Saeki a bastard didn't we?...Yeah. Yeah, we did. Sorry about that, Saeki lovers. We like him. We just needed a bad guy…/shrug/…Also, Choutarou-kun is not a bad Christian because he's married to Shishido…We just wanted to make a funny…

Warnings: Bastardization of Saeki, crack, oocness, mentions of sort-of non-con (more dub-con, really), fluff, crack, hurt/comfort, corniness, Inui…CLIFFHANGER…/smirk/

"Since when do Fujiko-chan and Kaidoh have beepers?"

"Fuji has had his since the end of our second year at Seigaku according to my data, and Kaidoh has had his since the beginning of our first year in high school. According to all my notes on them, their beeping more often than not corresponds. Neither will say anything about them when asked, though. I have even attempted to come to a conclusion about them during sexual activities, drunkenness, and while Kaoru sleeps, and yet my research fails to amount to any sure conclusions." Inui had finally pulled out one of his notebooks and was scribbling away.

"Well, what do the end of Fuji's second year and the beginning of Kaidoh's third year have in common?" Oishi asked reasonably.

Inui flipped through his notebook thoughtfully. "According to my data, Fuji lost his virginity at the end of his second year, and I obviously know personally that Kaidoh lost his at the beginning of his third year. Perhaps these events connect to the beepers somehow...?"

Oishi blinked at Tezuka. "The end of second year? Were you two even dating then?"

"...No," Tezuka admitted, his cheeks flushing slightly.

"Nya, Fujiko told me you did it the first time at the end of third year!" Eiji whined. "In the locker room. Wasn't it?"

The buchou was silent for a long moment as his teammates looked at him expectantly. He simply said, "Saeki." The dumbfounded look passed over everyone's faces in turn.

Eventually the redhead gathered his wits. "No way! Fujiko would have told me!"

Inui was flipping through his notebook for a page on Fuji to write the new data on as the two ukes came down the stairs. "What would I have told you, Eiji?" Fuji's eyes opened in slight concern.

"You didn't lose it to Buchou? Fujiko..." Eiji whined. He looked at Fuji, his watery sapphire eyes filled with hurt.

"I'm sorry Eiji, I-" Fuji watched helplessly as the other half of the dream pair ran upstairs.

A door slammed.

"I'll go-"

"No, Oishi-sempai, I will." Picking up Ryomoka, Kaidoh wondered why he volunteered himself for such things. Even though he secretly knew it was because Kikumaru-sempai was cat-like and cute. He trudged up the stairs.

"What's virginity?" The team heard the question, followed by a stumbling sound.

"It's... something you have before you start doing grown-up things."

Ryomoka blinked in confusion and looked down at herself. "Where?"

"It's not something you can see..."

"So you don't lose it?"

"Well..." Kaidoh frowned. "They call it that because before you lose your virginity, you're a virgin. And when you do grown-up things, you're not a virgin anymore."

"So... I'm a virgin?"

"Yes."

"Oh... okay then."

Kaidoh sighed. He loved spending time with Ryomoka, but it would be nice to be able to do it away from his teammates. They were constantly talking about (or having) sex, and it was really uncomfortable having to explain it to Ryomoka.

He opened the door to his room and saw Eiji sitting on the bed, his knees pulled up to his chest and a deep frown on his face. "Kikumaru-sempai?"

"What?" Eiji snapped.

"I... thought maybe we could talk."

"Don't wanna."

Kaidoh sat on the edge of Eiji's bed, Ryomoka in his lap. "I think maybe you're overreacting."

"Am not. Me and Fujiko are best friends, nya. He should've told me. I mean, he told me right after he did it with Buchou the first time, so why not tell me that he did it with Saeki? He never once said anything to me about it, either! I had to find out from Buchou when everyone else did! It's been almost four years since it happened, too, nya!"

"Well... Fuji-sempai was only thirteen or fourteen when it happened, right? Maybe... maybe he didn't want to seem..." He glanced at Ryomoka and covered her little ears with his hands. "Slutty."

"Of course I'd never think that! We're best friends, and you don't think your best friend is a slut just because he slept with his boyfriend! Sure he was a little young, but... that doesn't mean it's slutty. Fujiko really thought he loved Saeki back then. So it's okay that they had sex."

"I think you should forgive him. He just didn't want you to think badly of him."

"I guess, nya... ne, Kaoru-chan, are those beepers really connected to you and Fuji losing your virginity?"

Kaidoh hesitated. "Yes, but don't say anything, Kikumaru-sempai. I promise everything will be explained later tonight. You can't mention it to anyone, not even Oishi-sempai."

"Um... okay..."

"Kaoru-nii-chan!" Ryomoka said loudly, tugging at the hands over her ears. "I don't like that!"

"Sorry Ryomoka-chan..." Kaidoh removed his hands and smoothed her hair back.

"Fushuu!" Ryomoka glared at him and crawled across the bed to Eiji. The acrobat laughed; the second year had rubbed off on her so much!

"Tezuka, you shouldn't have said that..." The tensai gave his captain a slightly betrayed look.

"Maybe this little rift is a good thing, Tezuka; it distances them, while allowing them to remain in the other's vicinity," Inui noted.

"Shut up, Inui!" Fuji scowled at the analyst.

"Ne, what's going on?" They all looked to see Momo and Ryoma enter the room.

"Nothing," Fuji snapped and turned on his heel to walk out to the porch, only to stop when his cell phone rang. "The Osakadas expect Ryomoka-chan home within the hour." He looked at the floor sadly after he hung up.

Tezuka looked at his boyfriend for a long minute, and then glanced at his team, giving them a look that clearly said "Get out." Oishi understood at once and ushered everyone out, ignoring Inui's protests that "This is a perfect opportunity to gather data on Tezuka and Fuji's relationship."

When everyone had left, Tezuka took Fuji's hand and said, sounding uncomfortable, "Syusuke, I'm sorry I-"

"Stop. I don't want to hear it. I can't believe you'd tell them something like that. I didn't want anyone to know, not even Eiji. Especially not Eiji. By not telling him or anyone else, it let me forget about it. I hate that my first time was a mistake, Kunimitsu. I wish it had been with you, but... it wasn't, and now that everyone knows it wasn't, I can't even pretend anymore."

Fuji had been looking downward throughout the speech, so Tezuka couldn't see his expression, but he did see tiny water droplets falling to the floor, and he pulled Fuji into a tight hug. "I'm so sorry, Syusuke. I didn't realize..."

"Kaoru," Inui said, standing in the doorway of his bedroom, "the Osakadas just called and said they expect Ryomoka home within the hour."

Kaidoh sighed, lifting Ryomoka into his arms. "Is Fuji-senpai all right?"

"...He seemed very upset when Tezuka shooed us all upstairs. But one shouldn't try to predict matters of the heart, after all. Come, Ryomoka, let's get you dressed and your clothes packed."

Ryomoka's lower lip quivered. "I don't want to go home! I want to stay with my nii-chans!"

"It'll be okay, Ryo-chan," Kaidoh said, patting her head comfortingly. "When we all get back from our vacations, Haru-nii and I will come visit you all the time, okay?"

"Okay..."

"There's a good girl."

Oishi trailed into his shared bedroom a few minutes after Inui. "Eiji, I think Fuji needs you..." He said, guiltily rubbing the back of his neck.

Eiji hopped up and gave his boyfriend a quick hug and a kiss before slipping down the stairs. He saw Tezuka struggling to hold the tensai against his chest. "Tezuka-buchou, I can handle it from here," Eiji whispered as he came up behind his captain. Tezuka swiftly released the small form trying to get away from him and darted up the stairs to his personal counselor, Oishi. Eiji wrapped his arms tightly around the lithe figure in front of him and pulled him towards one of the chairs at the table. He sat, guiding the honey-haired boy into his lap and whispering words of encouragement and love. "Fujiko, I'm not mad at you."

"But I didn't want you to know! It was a mistake!"

"Fujiko, stop, you used to love Saeki. I don't think badly of you because of it," he mumbled, placing a kiss on his friend's forehead.

"It's not that, Eiji... I wanted Kunimitsu, and Saeki knew, and he told me he knew, but I didn't want him to know... and he..." Tears started to flow down the pale cheeks.

"He what, Fujiko?"

"He told me that if I really loved him I would have sex with him..."

Eiji's eyes widened. "He what?" 

"And I... I didn't want to lose him, so I let him-" Fuji bit his lip, choking back another sob. "I didn't think I'd ever have a chance with Kunimitsu... I wish so badly my first time had been with him, Eiji..."

"Uh-uh! It was, Fujiko! Buchou was your first!"

Fuji tilted his head in confusion. "But Eiji-"

"No buts, Fuji! That time with Saeki doesn't count. You didn't want it, and even if it was the first time you had sex, you didn't have to give anything up to him. Tezuka-buchou has your heart, and that's what really counts. So stop crying, okay?"

The tensai looked at his friend for a long moment, and then he smiled. "Thanks, Eiji. You're right."

"Of course I'm right. Oishi's my boyfriend. His logicalness has rubbed off on me."

Fuji chuckled.

Both of the boyfriends watched the little scene from the stairs. "Did you know?" Oishi looked at his captain.

"Of course not!" Tezuka looked taken aback.

"Eiji, is everything okay now?" Oishi asked loudly.

"Yes-sir-ee!" Eiji smiled and continued to comfort his best friend.

The captains descended the stairs and pulled their corresponding halves from the chair. Oishi brought Fuji into his arms for a hug and a short-lived kiss on the cheek before Eiji wiped his tears away with a smile. Tezuka re-embraced his smaller form and he allowed himself to bask in the love and comfort rolling off his three teammates around him.

"Sorry to interrupt, but if we are to have Ryomoka home on time we need to leave." Inui stood at the front of the other half of the team. Ryomoka wiggled down from Kaidoh's arms and ran over to her Syu-nii-chan.

"Syu-nii, what's wrong?" She tugged at his pants leg with a concerned expression.

"It's nothing Ryomoka-chan. I'm fine now." They trekked out the door to the cars and got everyone situated before leaving for the Osakadas.

The eleven of them divided into the two cars, Kaidoh sitting in the back seat of Inui's with Ryomoka on his lap, Taka in the front and Momo and Ryoma sharing the back with him. Ryomoka was snuggled against Kaidoh's chest, pouting sullenly.

"Ryomoka-chan, do you think you'd get bored watching us play tennis?" Momo asked, leaning across Ryoma's lap to see her.

"...I dunno. Does it take a long time to play tennis?"

"Sometimes. One time Ryoma played a match that took hours. It was getting dark by the time they were done. How many points did the tie break go to, Echizen?"

"A hundred something," Ryoma said in his usual bored voice. "I don't remember."

"Yes you do, you brat." Momo cuffed his boyfriend in the head lightly. "You loved that match. You made Atobe shave his head after that match. It was almost as cool as when you beat Yukimura."

Ryoma shrugged.

"Ne, Ryoma-nii, are you really good at tennis?"

"He's called the Prince of Tennis for a reason," Momo boasted proudly.

"Can we not bring that up? I didn't ask for that title. Besides, it's nothing compared to the 'Child of God.'"

"I always questioned why he was referred to as such. Did no one consider the fact that it's blasphemy? Jesus is the son of God. Were they calling Yukimura Jesus?"

"I don't think that was the point, Inui-sempai... besides, there aren't that many Japanese people who are Christian," Momo reasoned.

"Especially the ones who play tennis. Everyone's gay. Isn't that a sin in Christianity?"

"Ohtori's gay, and he's a Christian."

"Maybe he's a bad Christian."

"I don't wanna go home..." Ryomoka whined when tears gathered in the corners of her eyes.

"Don't cry, Ryo-chan, you'll see all of us again!" Momo reached across the back seat to tip her little chin up. "I promise!"

"Pinky promise?" She held out her little finger to him.

"Of course!" Momo linked pinkies with her with a huge smile on his face.

"You too Kaoru-nii-chan!" She repeated the act. "And Ryoma-nii! And Taka-nii-san!" When she demanded Inui's little finger they stopped her and said to wait until they got her home so they didn't wreck the car. Inui was a bit annoyed that they thought he was not a safe driver and demanded they not be in his car on the way home.

"I'm gonna miss Ryomoka-chan!" Eiji whined. He was still practically glued to Fuji after the little Saeki incident.

"We could send her a game schedule and ask Tomoka to bring her with her," Oishi suggested from the front seat.

"Saa, but if Tomoka-chan sees we're paying more attention to her little sister than to her, she may stop bringing her," Fuji pointed out.

"Taka-san and I come to all your games anyway, if she refuses to bring her we'll pick her up," Ryuuzaki grumbled nonchalantly.

"Nya~! You'd do that, Sensei!" Eiji clung to the back of her headrest.

"Why not?"

"I dunno," Eiji said, pursing his lips thoughtfully. "Because you're Ryuzaki-sensei."Ryuzaki-sensei glared at him in the rear view mirror and swung her handbag around in his direction. "What's that supposed to mean, you little brat?" She felt the bag make contact, followed by a "Ittai, nya!" and grinned in satisfaction.

"That's what it means, you old hag!" Eiji said mock-angrily. "That you're a mean old lady!"

"Honestly, why I offer to baby sit for a bunch of horny teenagers I will never know..."

"What's the fact that we're horny got anything to do with it?"

Ryomoka sniffled as her parents' cabin came into view. "Are you sure I have to go, Kaoru-nii?" she asked, eyes wide and tearful.

Kaidoh sighed. "Yes, Ryo-chan. Don't you miss your mommy and daddy?"

"A little, but... I'd rather be with my nii-chans!"

"Don't say that. Your mom and dad love you very much, Ryo-chan, and it would hurt their feelings if you said you didn't want to be with them," Taka-san said.

"But... don't my nii-chans love me too?"

"Of course we do, Ryomoka-chan," Taka said soothingly.

Ryomoka curled up more in Kaidoh's lap as the car came to a halt. The Osakadas, their children, and Horio came out of their cabin and rushed down to the cars. As soon as Kaidoh was out of the car with Ryomoka in his arms Mrs. Osakada pounced on him.

"Have you been taking good care of my baby?" she immediately demanded.

"Of course, Ma'am," Kaidoh said, cradling the girl in his arms closer. He still did not like the Osakadas after the last encounter. Mrs. Osakada tried to bring Ryomoka into her arms only to find she couldn't. Ryomoka had locked her arms and legs tightly around her Kaoru-nii-chan.

"Ryomoka, sweetie, let go, and come to Mommy." She tugged at the small form.

"No, I wanna stay with my nii-chans!" she shouted, clinging tighter.

Fuji and Eiji wandered over at that point. "Ryomoka-chan you have to go home with your family for now, but we'll see you again real soon, I promise." Fuji rubbed her back soothingly.

"Ne Ryo-chan, see, Tezuka and Oishi are talking to Tomoka about bringing you to our tennis games so we can see you all the time!" Eiji pointed at the buchous.

Ryomoka shook her head. "I wanna stay with my nii-chans!"

Kaidoh cuddled her to his chest and kissed her forehead. "Ryomoka," he said firmly.

Ryomoka pouted.

"Come on. Be a big girl, for me, okay? We'll all see you again really soon, I promise."

Ryomoka ignored him in favor of staring angrily at his shirt.

"You know, you're acting just like your big sister."

Ryomoka blinked. "Tomo-nee?"

Kaidoh leaned forward to whisper in her ear, "None of us really like her," and Ryomoka giggled. "So be a good girl and let go. That way your nii-chans will want to come back and see you all the time."

"But... but..." Ryomoka's lip quivered. "Okay, Kaoru-nii. But remember, you promised!"

"I know, Ryo-chan. Don't worry. I'm going to miss you too much to not come and see you."

"Wait! I didn't get the rest of my pinky promises!" She clambered down from Kaidoh and rushed about all the other tennis players to collect the rest of her promises. Mr. Osakada smiled at his daughter's antics and politely thanked Ryuuzaki-sensei. Ryomoka ran over to Kaidoh to give him one last hug before turning to her family. There was a chorus of 'bye's before they all piled back into the cars and left for their cabin again.

"So why won't Inui let you ride with him?" Ryuuzaki asked casually.

"He thinks we told him he was an unsafe driver," Momo said boredly. He tugged Ryoma closer to his side as the freshman began to doze off.

"Hah, he's a better driver than I am!" Ryuuzaki said with a laugh.

"Yeah, he doesn't get road rage…" Momo mumbled. A smile wormed its way onto Kaidoh's face at that. Their coach did have the worst driving habits.

Eiji snuggled against Oishi's side. "I miss her already!" he said sadly. "I wish we hadn't had to give her back yet."

"We'll see her again soon, Eiji," Oishi promised, kissing the top of Eiji's head. "Tomoka agreed to bring her to any matches she comes to."

"Still, it's so sad! It was so fun having her around."

"She wasn't disrupting your sex life," Inui grumbled.

"Inui," Fuji said reproachfully, "you can't say you won't miss her."

"I will, but it will be a relief to be able to have sex without worrying that a four-year-old is going to pop up. It rather kills the mood."

"Poor Inui, he's the only one of us who hasn't gotten any on this whole trip," Eiji said sympathetically.

"And Taka-san," Fuji added.

"He doesn't count. He doesn't have someone to get any from. Inui's had his boyfriend in reach all week and hasn't been able to do anything."

"There's also an eighty-three percent chance that Kaoru will not want to do anything because he will be too upset over Ryomoka's leaving," Inui said sadly.

"I think if he heard you say things like that about him he'd murder you," Eiji giggled.

"Maybe we can help you out, there's got to be something that will get him in the mood." Fuji wanted to help.

"You could use a pick up line! Like um... What's that American one that Momo used on Ochibi? ...Hey baby what's your sign?"

"But Kaoru doesn't have a sign..."

Fuji laughed a bit. "Astrologically, Inui, plus Ryoma laughed at him when he said that."

"Mou," Eiji put his head on Oishi's shoulder to pout.

"I don't think he'd understand it since he's not fluent in slang either..." Inui pondered aloud.

"Try something sweet and endearing," Oishi suggested with a smile.

"No, he's not into the cutesy romantics like you and Kikumaru."

"I bet he is. Kaidoh's just the type to secretly like being wined and dined and...sixtey-nined..." Fuji's smirk told them all there was something perverted about the phrase, but as they were not familiar with American slang like Fuji, they couldn't really say much.

As they pulled up to the house Eiji bounced over to the other car. "Ochibi, what does 'sixtey-nined' mean?"

Ryoma choked on the Ponta he was currently drinking and turned bright red. "Wh-what?"

"Fuji said it in the car. What does it mean?"

"Fuji-sempai!"

"What's it mean, what's it mean, what's it mean?" Eiji asked impatiently.

"It's-it's something really perverted! Why were you saying stuff like that, Fuji-senpai?"

"Oh, no reason. Actually, Ryoma, I'm rather surprised that you know the term." Fuji winked. "I guess our baby isn't as innocent as we thought!"

"I didn't-I've never-I heard someone talking about it!" Ryoma flushed even more darkly.

"Will someone just tell what it is?" Momo asked. "I'm curious now, really curious."

"It's not anything!" Ryoma yelled.

Fuji grinned and leaned up to whisper something in Momo's ear. The younger boy flushed. "Wow."

"Try that on Ryoma, Momo. I bet he'll like it."

"Nya, Fujiko, no fair!"

"Momo can tell you," Fuji said carelessly, grabbing Tezuka's hand and tugging him inside. "Ne, Kunimitsu, would you like me to show you what it means?"

Eiji looked expectantly at Momo. Momo ignored him in favor of scooping up his favorite kouhai and heading towards the cabin. Shouts of "Quit it!" followed them.

"Momo, you jerk!" Eiji shouted after them.

"If you really wanted to know, you could just go spy on them," Inui said as he walked past, Kaidoh in tow.

"I think I'll try out the video game system. Momo and Ryoma have been hogging it the whole time." Taka's voice was a bit distant; he was probably trying to scrub away mental images of his former teammates doing naughty things.

"I told you, you're all just a bunch of horny teenage boys," Ryuuzaki said in a very matter-of-fact tone.

Eiji stuck his tongue out behind her back. "Ne, Oishi, wanna go...wanna go join Buchou and Fujiko?" he asked slyly. He still wanted to know what 'sixty-nine' meant.

"Eiji, I don't really think..."

"Just long enough to see what it is!" Eiji begged. "I'm really curious, nya!"

"I... I don't think we should, Eiji. We'll just look it up on the internet later, ne?"

Eiji pouted. "I guess. But everybody else is having fun doing something really kinky, and we're left out..."

"I doubt Echizen's letting Momo touch him..."

As it happened, Ryoma was in fact letting Momo touch him in exactly the way Momo wanted to be touching him, and he was enjoying the hell out of it, not that he'd admit it for all the Ponta in Japan.

"Inui-sempai, I don't feel like it..." Kaidoh pushed Inui's wandering hand off of his hip and rolled to the other side of the bed.

Inui growled in annoyance; he wasn't getting any, his boyfriend was now being bitchy, and all of the rest of the team had healthy sex lives. He was used to having a decent sex life at worst. This, he decided, was his own personal hell. Maybe, he thought, this is punishment for making the team drink penal tea, even though I knew it tasted horrible.

Kaidoh turned back over and wrapped an arm around his sempai. "I'm sorry, Inui-sempai," he mumbled into the white t-shirt clad chest.

Inui sighed. "It's fine." He wrapped his arms around the smaller boy and tried to relax, as annoyed as he was. It wasn't like getting mad at the viper would help his predicament any.

"It's not fine. We haven't done anything the whole trip because of Ryomoka. I know that, but... I really miss her."

Inui sighed and kissed Kaidoh's forehead. "I know, Kaoru."

"But it's not fair to you, Inui-sempai. I should... I should be making more of an effort..."

"Stop, Kaoru. I understand. We don't have to do anything today."

Kaidoh frowned. "Wouldn't you usually jump at the opportunity to have sex?"

"I am trying to be more accommodating."

"That's... sweet of you, Sempai."

"Quite."

Kaidoh nestled himself deeper into Inui's embrace, curling into the security his sempai provided.

"I win!" Eiji jumped up and pumped a fist into the air. Unfortunately he still had the video game controller in his hand and as a consequence it unplugged. The cord tripped him, and Taka ended up with a lap-full of laughing red head. This, of course, sent Taka, and Oishi, who was on the couch, into fits of laughed as well.

"Eiji," Oishi tsked. He moved to pull his boyfriend out of Taka's lap. The ball of energy that was Eiji latched onto Oishi as he was picked up.

Taka smiled, watching them interact. It made him happy to see all his friends happy. It hadn't always been that way.

The first year of high school, when Oishi and Eiji and Inui and Kaidoh had finally admitted their feelings was not a fun time at Seigaku. It was rumored that at the middle school, where Kaidoh still was at the time, it had taken both Momo and Ryoma to stop the viper from turning the tennis team into some kind of twisted tennis dictatorship. Apparently a mad Kaidoh Kaoru was a very frightening Kaidoh Kaoru.

The last year at Seigaku for the third years was Tezuka and Fuji's year. Fuji's little reign of terror still had a few people terrified of him. And when Momo was a first year he almost ended up off the team twice because of his depression. Ryoma was still oblivious to all his advances then.

"Ne, Taka-san?"

"Uh, yes, Eiji?"

"Whatcha thinkin' about?"

"How glad I am you guys are finally all together." He smiled brightly.

Eiji grinned broadly. "Thanks, Taka-san! Now we just need to get you a girlfriend, ne?"

Taka blushed scarlet. "Actually..."

Fuji snuggled against Tezuka's side, sighing contentedly. "That was amazing."

"Hn," Tezuka replied sleepily, pulling Fuji closer.

"I've always wanted to try it, but I didn't know it would be that great." Fuji grinned up at Tezuka. "You know you enjoyed it."

"Quite."

"How did you do that thing with your tongue?" Fuji asked interestedly.

"Buchou secret," Tezuka mumbled into the sweet smelling hair on the tensai's head.

"Mou, Mitsu!" Fuji pouted, but smiled at how relaxed Tezuka seemed.

"Be quiet." He tucked the tensai half way under his body.

"Heehee!" Fuji giggled, "Who would have thought the great Tezuka Kunimitsu liked to cuddle in his post-coital bliss? I would love to see the look on Kei-chan's face after hearing that!" The uke taunted his seme deliberately.

"Kei-chan?"

"Mou, Keigo, Atobe Keigo, Kei-chan..." The smile against his chest made Tezuka aware of the tensai wanting to provoke him. It was less of a smile and more of a smirk. A yelp came from the brunette as his buchou nipped his earlobe. "That hurt!" The smirk changed to a pout.

"So Syusuke, you're not mad at me for earlier? A-and I've made up for my actions yesterday?" Tezuka curled his embrace tighter, reassuring himself that the tensai had not left him for his stupidity.

"I haven't forgiven you, but it can't be helped. Eiji helped me see things a bit straighter anyway..."

"And... yesterday?"

Fuji hesitated. "Yesterday was... a mistake. I know that."

"But..."

"No buts. You didn't mean to."

"But I did do it."

Fuji sighed. "Mitsu, can we not talk about this now?"

"I hurt you, Syusuke. That-that's not something you just sweep under the rug. Please, I need to know that you're not still upset or scared that I'll do it again."

"I can't say that, not yet." Normally Fuji would lie, but Tezuka knew him too well-he was the only person who'd ever been able to see right through Fuji's masks. "It was awful. But... I trust you. I know how much you regret it. I know you don't usually lose control like that. Please, Mitsu, just drop it for now."

"I can't. Not until I have shown you that I will never do it again." The look of hurt on Tezuka's face made Fuji turn away. He still had a lot of pride, and he still hated people seeing him cry, most of all Tezuka.

"Please, Kunimitsu, please?" He moved out from under the captain and curled himself up under the blankets. Tezuka scooted closer and spooned against the lithe figure.

He had just closed his eyes when the door burst open and a very naked Echizen Ryoma ran in.

-TBC-

A/N: You're probably all thinking, "WTF is Ryoma naked in their bedroom for!" There is drama a-brewin', folks.

On a more personal note. WHY THE HELL DID WE TYPE THIS IN PARAGRAPH FORMAT IF WE KNEW WE WOULD HAVE TO PUT IT IN BLOCK FORMAT FOR ! And, it gets better. We continued to put it in paragraph format ever AFTER we started to post it. What. The. Fuck. Really?