The Dinner Date (+1)
by supergirl75 ©

As I come into the restaurant, you notice the sexy black dress on me, and 
how it's configured to my body. It shows just the right amount of skin. As 
we hug to say hello, your hand presses against the middle of my back and 
you notice I have no bra on (one of those dresses).

After we enjoy a nice long dinner and we are somewhat closer in the back 
corner booth and it's late so the restaurant is almost empty. You look me 
in the eyes playfully and decide to joke with me about putting your hand 
on my leg to see how far the slit in the dress goes. I place your hand on 
my thigh and say - go ahead......

As you slowly move your hand up my leg, and as I slowly open my legs for 
you - you notice I am wearing your favorite blue lace knickers. Your hand 
strokes the knickers between my legs and you begin to feel the heat coming 
from my pussy. Your hand gently moves the knickers out of the way and 
presses against my pussy, you notice how it is already dripping wet. You 
look up at me and I nod to tell you to proceed.

Your finger slowly starts to rub my clit before you gently push your 
finger inside me to feel how wet and hot I am. As you rub my pussy with 
your fingers, I decide to grab your cock and feel how hard it is. I unzip 
you and navigate my hand into your pants to grab your stiff hard purple 
cock. My pussy becomes even more wet and you lean in to kiss my neck and 
tell me how hot that makes you. You tell me that you are thinking about 
how to get under the table to taste my wet pussy and how you want to lick 
me and taste how sweet it is. You start rubbing my clit and moving around 
in a circular fashion as I start to stroke your cock with a firm grip.

Right then - we notice the waitress return. She asks if we would like 
dessert or coffee with a slight smile on her face. You manage to order a 
chocolate sundae with a straight face as I vary my grip and circle the 
head of your cock with my finger. The waitress is staring at me and can 
tell from our arm position what we are doing. She gives us a slight smile 
and says she will let us "visit" a while and bring the dessert when we are 
ready. She then retreats to the curved opening to the room and continues 
to steal glances at us as we continue.

You can feel how hot and wet it makes me to be watched and you pull my 
legs open wider so she can get a small glimpse of my juicy slit as you 
insert your fingers in and out. We see the waitress brush her nipples as 
she looks around nervously but she does not walk away. You look down at my 
dripping pussy and whisper that you want to taste me. Since the table 
cloth hangs almost to the floor I tell you to drop your fork and tell me 
how sweet my juices are.

You slip under the table as the waitresses eyes widen the next time she 
looks back at us. From her angle she can see your head between my legs. 
You run your tounge between my lips and feel the wetness all the way out 
to your cheeks. You insert 1 finger and watch the close up view of it 
slipping in and out... then 2.... the waiteress can see it too and begins 
to rub her nipples through her shirt. You move your face in again and 
circle my enlarged clit with your tounge as you continue to finger my 
pussy. The jucies are all over your hand now and dripping onto the leather 
seat in the booth. I bring my hips to the edge of the booth and begin to 
moan a bit as you begin to suckle my clit. You angle your finger upward 
and feel the swollen sweet spot inside me. I slip off my heels and bring 
one foot down to your exposed cock. I can feel it throbbing as if it wants 
to explode. I look down at you and can see the hunger in your eyes but I 
tell you.... not yet and smile. I begin to rock back and forth on your 
face as you insert your juice slicked pinky into my ass. I let out a loud 
moan and the waitress decides to move in for a better view.

You increase the speed and I grind myself into your face... the waitress 
can't resist anymore and raises her skirt to freely rub her clit a while 
watching us. You can feel me getting close now and I raise both my feet 
onto the edge of the table - taking the table skirt with me so the 
waitress can see everything you are doing. She stares at you sucking and 
fingerfucking me.... her rubbing speeds up to match the movement of my 
hips on your face. I begin to tell you "I'm ready" so you reach your 
fingers in to press on my sweet spot as you feel me convulse. A new rush 
of wetness pours out of me as you watch it drip down onto the seat of the 
booth. You look up at me - then to the waitress who has finished as 
well.... you tell her.. "we're ready for dessert now."
 




