Part IV 
week 8

Wilson fled House’s office after that, lest he be tempted to take the moment any further. Wilson didn’t think that kissing could lead to anything good-- having sex in the first place created enough confusion, thank you very much. Maybe in the long run the results would be positive, but Wilson thought it wiser to not tempt fate twice with the same hedonistic stupidity.

It would be better to keep things simple.

As simple as possible, anyway.

Wilson didn’t avoid House, per se; he just maintained a personal bubble of at least two feet around him. If it were up to Wilson, there’d have been chicken-wire separating them and armed sentinels guarding the perimeters.

House, for his part, seemed amused by Wilson’s panic. Once he caught on to Wilson’s desire for distance, he played with that. No more than a couple of days later, House called to Wilson in the hallway. “Question,” he said, walking straight into Wilson’s enlarged personal bubble. “Got an over-the-hill guy in with tachycardia and dyspnea; I’m thinking heart cancer.”

“Yes, my mind always jumps to cancer when their heart beats fast and they have difficulty breathing,” Wilson replied, automatically taking a step back.

Of course, House came closer in response. “He’s also been really jumpy and nervous-- can’t stand still for a conversation.”

By the time they’d traveled halfway down the corridor, Wilson realized that he himself was the over-the-hill guy and that House was deliberately forcing him backwards. “More likely this guy thinks you’re a pain,” and Wilson left before he was made to go through the whole hallway in an unintentional moon walk.

The next time they met, Wilson tried stepping to the side instead, but that wasn’t much of an improvement; it only made them go in circles.

Wilson wanted to stop the mock-chase and give in. He did.

But what kind of a future could he expect from House?

Assuming that House even wanted to pursue a long-term relationship, he still wouldn’t want to raise the child he’d fathered with Wilson. Bad enough that Wilson was going to be a single parent; imagine how much more confusing it’d be for the kid if daddy were still with ‘mommy.’

Whatever they did, it’d have to be short term. Wilson had been there, done that. It was nice, but not enough.

He loved House too much to let himself sleep with him again.

week 9

“Sign here.”

“Who is it from?” Wilson asked, accepting two heavy, arm-length-sized packages. The delivery guy shrugged.

But it wasn’t as if it were a great mystery. Who else but House? From the weight, Wilson guessed they were packed with books. He could see the titles now: “The Pitfalls of Raising a Family After Thirty,” “Single Parenting: Why Bother?,” and “Depositions on the Traumas of Having a Doctor for a Father.”

Or they could be filled with crackers and water bottles. Wilson did still get the occasional bout of nausea, and saltine crackers had been the one thing to tone it down. “Let’s see if we can figure out the method to his madness,” Wilson said to his deaf and dumb audience of one. Setting the packages onto the bed, he cut through the tape of the larger one.

Inside was a microscope, the type one might find in any high school lab: grey metal, an oblong base, and a pair of revolving lenses. Its highest resolution was a joke compared to what the hospital had to offer, but Wilson suspected that this wasn’t meant for him. Together with the microscope was a wooden box holding slides and envelopes with various materials, such as colored sand and ash.

It was as if it were organized for someone just starting to learn about science.

Wilson laid the microscope onto his desk and opened the other package. It contained an oak box, solid and beautiful. Inside of that, nestled in foam, were a dozen test tubes, glass tubing, litmus paper, and labeled jars filled with liquids. A quick glance revealed that there were, amongst other chemicals, calcium oxide, sodium carbonate, tannic acid, and ammonium chloride.

As far as chemistry sets went, it was pretty basic-- but it was a great starting place. Together with a good book, or, better yet, a good teacher, someone using this could experiment more with solutions than most students in a public school.

Where did House find these? Wilson imagined him looking over every microscope, rejecting this one because the light was too weak and that one because the lens-switching mechanism wasn’t smooth enough.

The chemistry set would have required more examination still. House would’ve had to make sure that it contained the right chemicals. And, these days, you couldn’t buy a chemistry set in a box like this. House might have very well had to mix and match to get the set just right.

A lot of care went into this package.

This wasn’t the action of a man who loathed the thought of being a father. On the contrary; no one would have put this much thought into a present if they didn’t care about the recipient.

Wilson felt a lump rise in his throat.

He had to see House. He had to see him now.

-----
House was confused to find Wilson on his doorstep. “What are--” he began, but he stopped short when Wilson placed his palms on either side of House’s face and pulled him in for a deep kiss.

When they separated for air, House had another question: “Is this a mood-swing-induced booty call? Because I’m cool with that, but I’ll need some warning before you get weepy or pissed or--”

“Just shut up, House,” Wilson murmured and closed the door behind him.

This could very well be a mistake, Wilson knew. Scratch that; it had to be a mistake. But right now, Wilson could care less. He’d been wanting House, in all ways possible. And if Wilson crumbled at the first flimsy sign of caring-- well, he was weak like that.

Wilson went to the bedroom and stripped away each item of clothing until he was bare before House. He stood tall, not hiding a single thing, not even the tell-tale swell of his stomach, refusing to feel shame.

It was almost a challenge: can you handle this? Can you handle me?

At first House just looked, guarded and silent.

Wilson met on his gaze straight on.

House wrapped his arms around him, and it wasn’t until then, when his muscles unclenched and he breathed again, that Wilson realized just how nervous he’d been. Wilson returned the hug, holding House tight.

“You look better this way,” House said, voice low. “Without the cross-dressing.”

Wilson laughed and was glad that even with so much changed between them they could still joke like this. “That’s because you like your women naked.”

“Seriously.” House breathed in deep, and Wilson wondered if he was smelling his hair. Whatever it was that he was doing, House must have liked it, for his erection against Wilson’s hip hardened. “No need to deny your man-roots.”

Wilson might have asked for an explanation, but he was more interested in the way House was groping his ass. They kissed again, lips bumping against each other as Wilson peeled House’s t-shirt off.

They fell onto the bed, rolling this way and then that, and Wilson laughed again, thrills running through him from their wrestling. This was so much better than fighting! Wilson was hooking a leg around House’s waist, pulling him in, but House stopped him. “Hold it, I’m still not optimally dressed for this operation--”

House stripped off his pants and boxers and, god, Wilson was almost embarrassed at how turned on he was at the sight of a naked man. Had he always been this attracted to males, and was he only now letting himself realize it? Or was it due to his female body?

While Wilson was getting lost in the maze of sexuality, House had been busy procuring lube and a condom.

That was odd. “Scared of knocking me up a second time?”

“You’re pregnant,” House said, climbing back onto the bed, running his hands up and down Wilson’s side. “I’m not taking any chances.”

“What, am I going to give you cooties? You’ve seen my ten thousand test results, you know I’m clean.”

“I mean--” House took a deep breath. “We can’t risk-- you know. The hell-spawn.”

House’s abashed expression was one of the most beautiful things Wilson had ever seen. Wilson kissed his face all over, as if he could forever preserve the memory of this moment with his lips. “Just for that, you get to top.”

House held back a moan, Wilson could tell. “Can’t-- crippled, remember? My cane-- the literal one-- is no help with missionary.”

“You should get a refund.” Wilson moved so that they were side to side, with House half-leaning on him, half-not. “That better?”

House tried the position out. “All gimp systems are a go.”

Wilson squeezed House’s hand and reached for the condom, ripping the packet open. House rolled it onto himself, and Wilson, after warming up the cold gel with his hands, coated him with the lube. Again, Wilson didn’t think he should want to touch someone else’s dick, but the fact was, in the heat of passion, he did.

And then House was slipping into him, and they were groaning and kissing and licking and it was all Wilson could do to keep from coming, right away, as their sweaty bodies slipped against one another.

House started to mumble, and though Wilson was too overloaded to make sense out of the words, he soaked them up, feeling loved. He wanted House in deeper and deeper until he was filled with him, as if to unite them for once and for all, because Wilson knew that, even as they were twined like this, this was temporary. However much they were connected now, it couldn’t last. To make up for it, Wilson held House tighter still.

And then Wilson realized that he himself was letting out a steady stream of words, brainlessly, like a motorboat. He had to stop, before he let out something House wouldn’t be able to handle. He considered kissing House-- that would shut himself up-- but he wanted to keep on hearing him, even if he couldn’t understand what he was saying. So Wilson pressed his lips up against House’s shoulders, silencing himself.

As he came, Wilson mouthed House’s name against his skin.

House himself came before long and collapsed against Wilson. “Hallelujah for mood swings,” House said, nuzzling the base of Wilson’s neck.

“Hmm,” Wilson replied.

They lay like that, breathing against one another, their sweat drying.

A hint of a smile played on House’s face. Wilson, having recovered his mental functions, decided to take advantage of House’s relative mellowness. Peeling off the condom off House and throwing it into the nearby trash can, he asked: “Don’t think it’s a little early to pick out chemistry sets?”

House stiffened. “Is that what this is about? If that’s all it takes to get into your pants, I’d have done this ages ago.”

“C’mon. Why the care package for Burgeoning Scientists?”

“It’s called an impulse buy.” House shifted so that he was on the bed instead of Wilson. “You should know about that, I hear the urge is stronger for those with vaginas. I was online, saw some stuff, and I thought, why not? I charged it to my credit card and forgot about it in five minutes.”

Wilson wrapped an arm around House’s waist. “The chemistry set looks like an antique. Did you have one like it when you were a kid?”

House bit his lip, but at Wilson’s insistent look, let out a sigh. “Fine. I did. Happy? I spent a whole summer doing chores to work up the money for a bike, only then we had to move and my parents told me to pack light. Not that it matters.”

Wilson nestled his face against House’s chest. So the present had been a callback to his past. “How about a microscope? Had one of those?”

“Nah.” House seemed to have relaxed again and was twisting his fingers about Wilson’s hair. Now that the worst was over-- admitting that the present hadn’t been a random purchase-- it was easier to talk about. “Never could afford one.”

“Look at you,” Wilson teased. “Spoiling him rotten and he’s not even born yet.”

Frowning, “Keep talking like that and we’ll see how much more spoiling I do.”

Wilson stopped. He knew not to push too hard, too fast.

Wilson didn’t think that he could ever expect much from House, in terms of raising a child. Perhaps House would do his part when it suited his convenience and whims, but otherwise, Wilson knew he’d be on his own.

But it was wonderful having hard evidence that House cared about the child as something besides a medical mistake that needed to be corrected. Even if House never did anything beyond buying the sporadic present that said more about himself than his child, Wilson considered it tremendous progress.

Wilson fell asleep lying on House.

It was the best night’s rest Wilson had had in years.

week 10

Wilson sat in the empty seat across from Cuddy, laying his good tray onto the table. “Hi,” he said, but rather than answer, she stirred her orange juice with a straw and studied him. “What, did I get food on my face already?” He asked, running his hands over his mouth.

“You slept with House again.”

Good thing he hadn’t tried eating anything yet, or else he’d have choked. “How do you do that?”

She tapped her head with an index finger to indicate what great things were stored inside. “It’s a talent. That and,” she rolled her eyes, “House was singing Gershwin tunes; it’s a dead giveaway.”

“Ah.” Wilson stabbed at a tomato slice. “I’ll have to have a word with him about that.”

“It’s not quite what I had in mind when I asked you to make up with him--” Cuddy said, formal, as if she had no emotional involvement in the matter. Her being this business-like somehow only made Wilson feel worse. “But if it keeps him from making the interns cry, I guess it could be worse.”

“You know me,” Wilson said, wanting to keep the conversation more light and less mortifying, “doing my part to keep the hospital from falling into chaos.”

“So,” Cuddy sipped her juice, “Had fun?”

From her grin, Wilson concluded that the lecture was over and she had moved on to ribbing him. He decided to give back as good as she did: “It wasn’t bad. How about you?”

Cuddy scoffed, as if the mere suggestion was ridiculous, but Wilson held his ground, not taking it back or laughing. She maintained her poker face, though. “What, is that what he told you?”

“Believe it or not, in this case, Stacy’s got the bigger mouth,” Wilson said.

“Now I’m the one who needs to have a word with someone,” Cuddy muttered, pushing her empty plate away. “Well,” she sighed, “That’s one cat out of the bag. It wasn’t the smartest thing I ever did, I can tell you that much.”

“Funny,” Wilson raised his eyebrows, “I was about to say the same thing.”

She laughed, and Wilson was glad that they had found common ground. She asked, with perhaps too wide a smirk, “Does he still talk non-stop the whole time?”

Gossiping with his boss about sleeping with House might not be all that wise, but Wilson couldn’t resist the chance to commiserate. And it wasn’t as if they’d never before mocked House together. “He doesn’t so much talk as monologue-- and half the time he’s insulting me!”

She snorted. “You’re lucky; he got upset because I wouldn’t reply.”

“Did he used to get up every couple of hours to pee?”

“Yep, and of course he woke me up every time, turning on all the lights, thumping to the bathroom, and leaving the door open.”

“Oh, god,” Wilson shook his head, but smiling anyway, “He hasn’t changed one bit.”

“He drove me crazy,” Cuddy reminisced, then started to clean up, putting her plate and utensils back onto her tray. “Still does.”

“Me too,” Wilson said, “me too.”

week 11

Wilson, out on his office’s balcony, leaned against the mural and enjoyed a rare bit of midday winter sun. It’d been a while since he went out there, since the space had been off-limits during his fight with House.

But now-- he and House were doing okay. More than okay. When House joined him outside a few minutes later, Wilson welcomed his presence. “Hey.”

House scrutinized Wilson’s head, as if the sunlight had revealed something new. He ruffled Wilson’s hair, pulling the strands between his fingers. “Time to mow the lawn.”

Wilson brushed his hand away. “I’m growing my hair out.”

“Oh, come on, you’re taking this girly-look thing too far.”

Wilson glanced down at his grey skirt and his matching sandals. He’d given up on the high heels because they’d been hurting his back too much, in conjunction with the back pains from pregnancy. “I think the girly body was what went too far. Now I’m just playing the part.”

“You do realize that just because you’ve got a pussy doesn’t mean you’re actually a woman, right?” House asked, pained. “And even if you were, that it doesn’t mean you have to dress like what you think a woman should.”

Wilson shrugged. “Unlike you, I like to look nice.”

“What you mean is, you like to fit in. God forbid you don’t meet everyone’s expectations.”

“Oh, like you don’t you do your part to maintain a macho image.”

“Yeah,” House flexed his arms, knitting his forehead in fake concentration. “Fabio wishes he were me.”

“Seriously,” Wilson said, “Stubble and jeans with a t-shirt? Doesn’t rank as one of the strongest protests against gender stereotypes. The day you come in to work in a dress, then you can rag at me for conforming.”

House drummed his fingers and frowned. “That’s different.”

“Yes, it tends to be.”

Wilson knew that he’d won that round because House approached the argument from another angle. “You can’t actually like those things you’re wearing, or you wouldn’t change into sweats the moment you get home.”

“Don’t like blow-drying my hair either, but I still did that when I was guy,” Wilson pointed out.

“Freak.”

“Slob.”

“Apple-polisher.”

“Provocateur.”

They smirked at each other; they could keep at this all day long.

week 12

“So--” Wilson read from the file. “Chris, you’re here because of a cough and-- a stomach ache?” He looked at his clinic patient, a tall scrawny teenager who, judging from his outfit, thought that purple and green were an acceptable match. As if on cue, Chris let out a cough.

It sounded like Lyingitis bought on by a severe case of No Wanting To Go To School. Wilson had seen thousands of such cases over the years and would have preferred to send the kid out so that he could see someone who did need a doctor, but he should at least ask some preliminary questions. “How long you have had these symptoms?”

“Um, a while,” Chris said, cracking his fingers in rapid succession.

Well, if he was this nervous, Wilson thought that there might be more to this than just playing hooky. He should give the kid a chance to say what was on his mind. Wilson pulled on his stethoscope, “Here, take a few deep breaths--”

Wilson was listening to Chris’ lungs, which were in pristine condition, when Chris, with a strangled voice, asked, “W-- what’s it like, then?”

“What’s what like?” Wilson asked, still with the stethoscope against Chris’ chest.

“You know.” Chris licked his lips. “Being a woman.”

Oh.

Hooking the stethoscope around his neck, Wilson took a couple of steps back, placing his hands onto his hips. “That’s-- an open-ended question. Anything in particular you want to know?”

“Um,” Chris swung his skinny legs off the examining table, his big feet smacking against the floor. “Forget I asked, it’s stupid--”

“Sit down.” Chris did so, sitting up straight and rigid. “What do you really want to ask?”

He scratched the bump in the middle of his nose. “My mom is a nurse here and she said that-- you know. You’re a. A.”

Because he seemed incapable of finishing that phrase, Wilson did so for him. “That I used to be a man.”

Chris managed to light up and blush in one go. “Exactly!”

“Okay. Well. Um.” Wilson started to speak off the top of his head. “The clothes are uncomfortable, for some reason everyone assumes I’m married--”

“That’s it?”

Noticing how disappointed the kid looked, Wilson tried to dig for something more profound. There was the pregnancy, but he wasn’t ready to tell anyone about that, and there were his newfound uncertainties over his sexuality, which were too personal to share.

And-- there wasn’t anything else. He was who he’d always been.

He turned the questioning back to Chris. “Why are you asking?”

Swallowing, “I, um, I was-- I’ve never really felt-- you know. Right. The way I am.” Wilson nodded. “And I-- I don’t know. I didn’t think it was possible, but you-- you did it. You changed.”

Wilson was half-tempted to tell Chris to eat all the raw clownfish he could get his hands on, but he knew that that was no real solution. “A sex change is a pretty radical move, though. You might want to talk to a psychologist before you decide--” At Chris’ sudden horror, he amended, “It doesn’t mean that you’re crazy. Just that you need some help understanding yourself. Okay?”

Chris still had a petrified expression as he left, gripping in his fist a piece of paper with the names and numbers of local psychologists, but what more could Wilson do?

What a sham. Wilson hadn’t wanted this sex change-- had never felt out of place in his male body-- yet somehow he’d become a role model to those that did.

week 13

“She’s late,” House growled. He kept pacing, going from the ultrasound machine, checking its model for the umpteenth and then back to the door to see who was coming down the hallway.

“Because you’re the king of timeliness,” Wilson said.

“I could be doing this myself.“ House opened drawers and cabinets, as if he were looking for the instruments to do so.

“But, see, we hired this other doctor, so we’ll let her do it.” Wilson was determined to be patient with House. This was, after all, House’s first public admission that he was going to be a father. Of course House would be in full pain-in-the-ass mode.

He was glad, though, that House had insisted on coming to the nuchal translucency scan.

“Hi,” Miyamoto said when she arrived. “Sorry I’m late--”

“Instead of being sorry, you could have been on time.“

Miyamoto was taken aback by House but, seeing that Wilson was also there, seemed to put two and two together. “You’re the father?”

House and Wilson answered simultaneously, their voices overlapping: “Unfortunately” and “I’m afraid so.”

Given how Miyamoto didn’t have much of a reaction besides a short laugh, Wilson supposed that they must not be, in fact, the strangest pair she’d ever encountered. So there was that, at least.

House criticized Dr. Miyamoto over every detail, from how she applied the jelly onto Wilson’s abdomen to her measuring technique. If this didn’t irritate Wilson more than it did, it was because he understood how appalling it was to seek deformities in your own offspring. If Wilson himself wasn’t more agitated, it was because House was with him, sharing the anxiety.

House gripped Wilson’s hand so hard it hurt, but Wilson didn’t say so. He didn’t want House to let go.

While they waited for the official results, House started to calculate the risk factor himself. By the time he reached the ratio of 1:30, they received the print-out confirming as much.

“Congratulations!” Miyamoto said. “We’ve pretty much eliminated the likelihood of your baby having any genetic disorders.”

“There’s still a 15% chance it has one,” House snapped.

“Yes,” she said. Wilson smiled in apology at Miyamoto. She smiled back, as if to say: Doctors! Don’t worry, I’m used to it. “We’ll continue to monitor you throughout your pregnancy, of course, but this is very good news. Your baby is healthy.”

Wilson, overwhelmed, closed his eyes.

His baby was healthy.

Thank goodness.
-----
That night, in unspoken celebration, they tried out something new.

House lay on his back, head and ass on separate pillows, with his legs spread open. “Face-up,” Wilson teased, “so intimate.”

House squirmed, embarrassed with the veracity of the statement, but he didn’t change position. “It’s so you can see the pain and horror etched on my face when the trauma renders me speechless.”

Wilson squeezed his knee. “That would be more convincing if you didn’t have a hard-on the size of New York City.”

House frowned. “You’re fat. Have I told you that? Fat.”

Wilson was adjusting the harness to his body, already knowing how much to tighten each strap. He’d been practicing ever since he remembered Stacy telling him about this particular kink of House’s. “Fourth time since yesterday, I think.”

“Good. So long as you know.”

Then again, during one of those times House had been caressing Wilson’s stomach with one hand and fingering Wilson’s pussy with the other, whispering about how hot he was, so Wilson had taken it as a compliment.

Wilson secured the final clasp and was ready to go. Having a long, hard phallic object growing from his crotch was a familiar sight, though his dick had never been this purple.

He thought that having a dick again, fake or not, might remind him what being a man was like, but it didn’t make all that big a difference. He felt like he always had, except comic. His swollen waist and enlarged breasts, clearly revealing his pregnancy, contradicted whatever manliness the strap-on might have made him feel.

“Hey, hard-on the size of NYC is waiting,” House reminded him, raising his hips.

“Right.” Wilson sank down onto the mattress and kissed him, slow and gentle. At first House acquiesced to the pace, but soon he was tonguing him insistently, pushing his cock against Wilson’s dildo. “Greedy,” Wilson licked House behind the ear.

“Just fucking fuck me already,” House moaned.

If House was this willing to take a phallic bit of plastic up the ass, maybe they could have some kind of future, once Wilson turned back. Assuming that Wilson was still attracted to him and dicks not on chicks also turned House on.

These sexuality questions made Wilson’s head spin.

Wilson watched, mesmerized, the expression on House’s face as he slid the strap-on into his ass, centimeter by centimeter. House’s breathing had slowed down to a heavy, deep pant. Stroking his face, Wilson asked, “You okay?”

To emphasize his point, House pushed up against Wilson, taking in more of the dildo. “I would be, if you’d hurry up.”

That was hot. That was really fucking hot.

Wilson pulled out and shoved back in, faster, as per request. It was like driving blind in a brand new car: his brain remembered the motions, but the controls were in the wrong place and didn’t do what they were supposed to. And while the dildo’s pressure against his clitoris tantalized him, it transmitted no sensory information. It was weird to fuck without feeling each and every centimeter of his dick.

But whatever Wilson was missing in pure sensation, witnessing House’s open vulnerability more than made up for it.

“To the right-- up, up, oh god,” House’s eyes closed, and Wilson knew he’d hit the jack pot. “Oh, fuck yes, just like that, oh, fuck--”

For a grand finale, Wilson grasped House’s balls and watched as his spunk spurted onto the both of them. Arching up, high, House let out a long, low moan straight from the gut.

Wilson pulled out and started to undo the harness’ straps, but House, laying his hand over his, stopped him. “I-- not yet.”

Wilson raised an eyebrow. “Shall I go in to work tomorrow like this?”

House smirked. “Now there’s an idea-- but for now,” he said, running the tips of his fingers of Wilson’s hip, “Diddle with the dildo.”

“I used to be normal, you know, before I met you,” Wilson complained, but he was already settling against the pillows, grasping the base of his strap-on.

“Yeah right,” House snorted.

He masturbated that way, rubbing the base of his dildo against his clitoris, under House’s unwavering gaze. Wilson blushed the whole time, from both embarrassment and arousal. Was this at all gay? In the beginning, Wilson thought that having sex with House as a woman might still be considered as ‘straight’ behavior, but-- this wasn’t heteronormative, was it. Wilson wasn’t sure how he felt about that.

week 14

“What did you need to see me about?” Cuddy asked. They sat on the sofa set next to her office’s entrance, leaning towards each other.

“I--” Wilson had rehearsed this conversation in his head countless times and had even written up a list of possible openers. “I’ve been researching the hospital’s maternity leave policy--”

“Why? What do you know?” She asked, suspicious.

That wasn’t anything like any of the reactions Wilson had expected. “Well-- nothing, that’s why I looked it up.”

“Oh-- you mean for you?” Her pitch went up high on that last word. “Are you-- Wilson!” She hugged him and he returned the favor, taken aback by her excitement. “Congratulations! I never thought--! When are you due?”

“Mid-August, hopefully.”

“Is it a boy? A girl?”

“We couldn’t tell from the last ultrasound. But-- I think it’ll be a boy.” He hadn’t meant to confide that to Cuddy, but her enthusiasm was contagious. No one else, so far, had this been so happy for him. “I have a feeling about it.”

“That’s great,” Cuddy said, smiling wide. “Have you picked out a name?”

“Not yet.” Wilson hadn’t let himself think of names up until now and risk any more attachment than necessary. But now, things were different. He could start making concrete plans. “I’m going to get a baby name book. Maybe ‘Richard,’ but I bet House--”

“House?” She shook her head. “What am I saying, who else but House. Good luck with that.”

“It was an accident,” Wilson defended himself. “In fact, I wasn’t even sure I’d keep it.”

“Oh?” Her warmth became cold in a split second. “You were going to abort?”

Wilson hadn’t been expecting that reaction either. “Yeah, but-- I want it. Richard, that is.” It felt strange to say the name out loud, even if it wasn’t a definitive one. “I just completed a CFTS exam, and there were no defects or problems to worry about. He’s in perfect health,” he said, with a touch of pride.

It might have been his imagination, but he thought that Cuddy look wistful. “Why’d you change your mind?”

How well everything was going. How positive Wilson had been feeling with Richard, talking to him everyday. How his financial calculations showed that he’d be able to provide clothes, food, shelter, college. How it was a forgotten dream come true.

And, even if Wilson didn’t want to admit to it, it was because he was now closer than ever to House. “The fact that I couldn’t find a reason not to.”

She squeezed his hand. “I’m glad for you, I really am. Even if you could’ve found a better father.”

“Cuddy, forgive me if I’m assuming too much--” Wilson hesitated. “But are you trying? To get pregnant, I mean.”

Her cheer melted into a mixture of sadness and longing. “For a year now.”

One whole year in which they’d seen each other almost every day and he hadn’t noticed. Even when all he could think about was pregnancy and babies, he still hadn’t picked up on it. How unaware he was. “I’m sure you’ll get there. Somehow.”

She let out a deep breath. “Did you know? When I first decided to have a child, I was going to ask you to be the father.” He stared at her, incredulous.

He hadn’t been unaware. He’d been oblivious.

Cuddy chortled, maybe at his disbelief or to cover up the awkwardness, and he let out a snort of his own. The next thing he knew, they were laughing their heads off. “Oh, god,” Wilson wiped at his eyes, “The thing is, if you’d asked? I’d have probably agreed.”

“Yeah, I know. And look at us now-- the pregnant man and the barren woman.”

How was that fate Wilson had intervened in such bizarre ways to get him pregnant, while Cuddy, who wanted a child, had to fight for one? “Life makes no sense,” Wilson offered.

“Tell me about it.” She made a brave attempt at a smile. “I’m going to go for a second artificial insemination soon, let’s see if life doesn’t start making sense then.”

This time, it was Wilson who squeezed her hand.

week 15

House came up from behind, putting his hands onto Wilson’s shoulders and interrupting his perusal through Craigslist. “Richard?”

Wilson twisted his head to look up at House. “Oh, Cuddy told you that?”

“Richard?” House repeated.

“What of it?” Wilson turned back to the screen.

“Have you no creativity? We could name him Junior Bob, or Hemraj, or Boston, my god, the things we could name him, and you want Richard?”

“It’s generic. You can’t go wrong with generic,” Wilson clicked on what looked to be a promising entry.

“But you sure can go boring.” House complained, but he couldn’t have been too upset because he started to massage Wilson’s back, his thumbs digging into his shoulder blades. “Whatcha looking at?”

“Apartment listings.” Three bedrooms in a flat downtown, just what Wilson had been seeking. He started to write out the phone number. “I’d rather not raise Richard at the Marriott.”

House stopped massaging and snatched Wilson’s pencil. “What’s wrong with this place? There’s a roof here and, last I checked, it’s not leaking.”

Wilson looked at House and then around the apartment. “House, you live here.”

“And?” House crossed his arms, still holding the pencil hostage.

Did Wilson have to spell this out? “Then we’d be living together.”

House threw the pencil over his shoulder. “Which is what we’re doing now, isn’t it?”

“No, I just haven’t gone to sleep at the Marriott for a month now. We’re not living together.”

“We should.”

Wilson stared at him. “You realize that once he’s born, you’d have to deal with pre-dawn screaming, bins full of diapers, vomit on everything you own, including your vintage record-player--”

House simulated shock by covering his mouth. “Babies vomit? What news.”

“House,” Wilson argued, “He’d chew on your Nikes.”

“I’ll buy a new pair, that’s what money is for. And chewing toys, too, we don’t have to be stingy.”

Wilson got to his feet and touched one of House’s arms. “You couldn’t live with us and not do some parenting, you realize.”

House snorted, covering Wilson’s hand with his own. “We both know you’d do all the hard work.”

“Have you even thought this through?”

“You’d stay in my room, of course--”

“I’ll be a man again,” Wilson reminded him. He hadn’t forgotten being made to sleep on the couch when House thought he was going to change back his male body at any minute. And however much House liked getting fucked with a dildo, that didn’t mean he’d want the same with an actual dick.

“Big deal--” and, at Wilson’s skeptical expression, he amended. “It’s not that big a deal, you’ll see. Over in the back,” and House motioned with his chin, “with all the books, we can stick in a crib. It’ll be small but junior will have to learn to deal with harder things in life; he might as well suck it up.”

Wilson couldn’t believe he was hearing this. He looked for signs that House was about to crack up and admit that this was all a prank. “What’s gotten into you? Has all the sex warped your mind?”

House shrugged. “Dunno. Might not be so bad, after all, having a kid. Even if it’s a Jew. Would he be a Jew? It gets passed down through the mother, but you’re not really a mom.”

“He’ll be a Jew if he wants and stop pretending to be anti-Semitic to change the subject. Are you sure you’re up for this?” Wilson asked, still incredulous.

“If I weren’t a cripple, I’d pick you up and throw you on to the bed and show you my conviction.” House waggled his eyebrows suggestively.

No matter how hard Wilson looked for a sign that House didn’t mean it, he couldn’t find one.

House was being sincere.

Wilson wanted to ask House what had happened to all those fears that had paralyzed him just weeks ago, but-- why do that? No need to wake these sleeping lions. If House was willing to go this far, Wilson wanted him by his side.

Wilson hooked his arm around House’s. “Not that I think demonstrating sexual prowess is any way to prove conviction, but go ahead, show me.”

Worry still pooled at the bottom of Wilson’s stomach. It was one thing to give presents and get worried over Richard’s health. He didn’t think that House understood what parenting, full time, would entail. House had to be thinking of all the games and the smart things Richard would do and glossing over the rest.

Things were getting too good. It couldn’t last.