Kelly Casss Impregnation Rape

Copyright 2003 by Tomahawk43@runbox.com, All rights reserved.  Publication (including the storage of this work on any electronic server or website on which a fee is charged to access the server or website) or retransmission of this work without permission of the copyright holder is prohibited.

DISCLAIMER:  This material is unsuitable for any person under the age of 18.  The author is not responsible for any viewing by minors.


	Kelly braced as the thick black cock pounded into her spread pussy.  She struggled in her tight bonds as the penis explored her deepest secrets as she reflected on how it had come to this...
	Kelly remembered walking into her home after returning from work this morning.  The kids were in school and the baby at her parents, while her husband was at work.  It was warm and sunny outside, as Kelly opened the door to her suburban house.  She made it three steps into the foyer before she collapsed on the floor.
	She awoke to find herself bound to a table in a dark room, with only a small light bulb illuminating the center of the table. Well, it wasn't really table, much more like a doctors chair.  Her hands were bound tightly over her head, her legs spread and tied to the ends of the chair, leaving a gap between her legs.  Kelly noticed her pink blouse and skirt had been stripped, leaving her clad only in a lacy white bra, pink panties and her beige colored thigh highs.
	Within moments a man entered.  The light was dim, but shined right in her eyes, making him hard to see.  He was tall, and balding, that she could tell, as well as his muscular tone.  It was what he told her that scared her most, however.
	"Your purpose here is to bear us a child.  We know your cycle, and have watched you for the past six months.  We know you have not been on birth control because your husband has been "fixed".  We also know that you are ovulating today, and you are most fertile."
	Kelly shook with fear in her bonds.  How could he know all this?  Why did they pick her? Why make her pregnant?  She had several children already...why make her pregnant again if they knew all this?
	His monotone voice continued:  "Several men will have intercourse with you, Kelly.  Each one has very different DNA and has strict instruction to ejaculate in your fertile vagina.  They may fuck you any way they wish, but ejaculating into your womb is crucial.  You will conceive a child tonight, Kelly. Who the lucky father will be is the only thing in doubt."
	Kelly was left to ponder her situation as the man left the room.  It felt like several hours, but in reality it was just a few minutes before two different men entered the room.  Several flashes blinded Kelly as pictures were taken of her bound form, clad only in lingerie.  She knew her torment was inevitable and about to start. 
	One man climbed on the chair with her, sitting on Kelly's stomach. She could tell that he was older, maybe in his early 50's.  He was of average height and well taken care of, probably some type of business professional.  As he began to fondle her breasts, Kelly realized he was stark naked.
	The other man continued taking pictures, as Kelly begged the older man to stop.  He looked into her deep blue eyes and smiled, giving each tit a hard squeeze through her lacy bra.  Kelly moaned in discomfort.
	The older man reached behind Kelly, unsnapping the bound womens bra.  A sharp tug snapped the strap, and soon the bra was gone, leaving her full tits bare to these men.
	Kelly screamed as the older man roughly squeezed her breasts, pinching the nipples forcefully between his fingers.  Clearly, not only would these men fuck her, they would abuse her as well.
	The man smiled her as he released her tits, the nipples hard and erect from his tugging.  The man climbed off the table, and first time she saw his companion.  The second man was very tall and athletic, young, probably around 23 years old, and, as he stepped into the light Kelly realized he was BLACK.
	The older man, whom the black man called "Joe" stood now between Kelly's spread legs.  He reached under her ass, yanking hard on her panties.  His fingers felt cold against her warm butt.  Kelly yelped as her panties were violently ripped from her body, displaying her neatly trimmed, married pussy.
	Without delay, Kelly felt his thick fingers probing her private flesh.  Kelly begged for him to stop, but the black man called "Will" stepped forward.  As she opened her mouth to scream at the penetration of the fingers in her cunt, Will shoved a ring gag in Kelly's mouth, spreading her jaw wide open.  Her words were no longer intelligible, just sound escaped her widely spread lips.
	Without warning, Kelly felt the chair being lowered.  Soon she was at the perfect level, prefect for Will to stand over her head as Joe lined up with her pussy.  At almost the same time, Kelly felt the huge black cock block her airway as Joe's thick shaft slammed into her dry cunt.  Only a thin layer of her juices and his precum lubricated the penetration.
	Kelly closed her eyes as Will gagged her repeatedly with his black monster, enjoying the feeling of her throat rapidly contracting as she struggled for air.  Joe began using hard steady thrusts as he raped the weather anchor.  He enjoyed the pain he was causing her with his brutal dry penetration.  Her pussy felt warm, and he could feel her flesh being stretched and tearing under his assault.
	Kelly's makeup began running down her face as Will held her head, fucking down into her mouth as if it were her pussy.  She felt each penetration of Joe's cock as well, she was very aware that he was probing her deeply, his cockhead pushing against her womb.
	Joe's cock became very hard, and Kelly knew what was about to happen.  His thrusts became more urgent as she became wetter, her lubrication instinctively responding to the stimulation of sex.    Her pussy involuntarily clenched his cock.
	Joe began moaning and announced Kelly's worst fear was about to happen, that he was about to cum in her cunt.  Will pushed his cock deep in Kelly's throat causing her to choke violently as Joe began to flood her fertile womb with his potent seed.
	Kelly felt each spurt as Joe pressed his cock deep inside her, ejaculating his load directly against her cervix.  Will continued to deprive Kelly of air as his partner unloaded inside her.   Kelly was about to pass out when Will withdrew his rod from her throat, pulling it completely from in between her full lips.  Joe finished emptying his balls inside Kelly before he too pulled out.
	Joe watched as Kelly's pussy spasmed, a small amount of his white sperm leaking between her pussy lips.  She felt full with his cum, and she knew she was indeed likely to become pregnant this horrible night as she momentarily drifted off.
	Kelly awoke when Will began unbinding her legs from the chair.  She struggled briefly, but the black man had a tight grip on her stocking encased ankles as he bent them over Kelly's head.  Joe stayed around to help his partner adjust Kelly to his preferred position.
	Her muscles ached as her legs were stretched spread over head, leaving her pussy wide open.  Joe held her ankles at arm length as Will stepped between her splayed thighs.  Kelly closed her eyes as the large uncircumsized black cock pressed into her soft pussy.
	Will was in heaven as he plunged deep into Kelly's unprotected spread cunt.  She felt full again, as he sunk deep into her, fucking her deeper than any man had ever taken her before, his thrusts lubricated by Joe's huge load of cum that was puddling inside her.
	Wasting no time, Will began jack hammering his rod into her hole.  He fucked Kelly hard and fast, the lack of resistance in her pussy giving deep unobstructed access.  She grunted each time his head bounced against her cervix.  
	Unfortunately for Will, the oral sex he had forced Kelly to perform had brought him close to the brink.  Joe spread Kelly's legs as far as part as possible, watching her thigh high stretch against her athletic legs, and the contrast as Will's black cock disappeared deep into her pink pussy.  Will called Kelly a bitch and whore as he shortened his thrusts, and Kelly shook from each violent penetration.
	Without much warning, the married mom was filled with her first load of black cum.  Will held deep inside her well as his balls fired a huge load.  The force of his ejaculate shot his sperm deep inside Kelly's womb.  It would indeed be a surprise whose cum would impregnate the weather whore.
	The two men smiled as cum dripped from her spread pussy down her thighs as Joe released her legs.  She was two tired and used to fight as Will admired his work, knowing that baby would grow in her belly tonight as they left the room, Kelly still tied to the chair.
	She slept for at least an hour before the door slammed open again.  After a few seconds Kelly realized her predicament was not over as middle aged oriental man approached her.  She was in no position to do anything as he unbound her arms, before forcing her to knees on the floor.  His cock was short but erect as he noted the cum drying around her trimmed pussy lips, and down to her beige stocking tops.
	Without warning, he slapped Kelly's ass, forcing her to her hands and knees.  He knelt behind Kelly, and she realized he was quite strong as he grabbed her hips forcefully, pinning his weight on top of her.
	Kelly's hands were useless, supporting her weight and she was helpless to resist him as he penetrated her slowly from behind.  She felt him press deep into her soaked pussy.  The oriental man grunted as he fucked Kelly with long, measured strokes.  Kelly cried as he raped her from behind, taking his time.  In fact, he enjoyed Kelly's cunt for almost 20 minutes, not changing his strokes at all.
	Kelly was almost out of it when she felt him change his grip.  One of his hands reached around and roughly grabbed her left tit, using it to pull Kelly back onto his thrusts, increasing the depth and pace of his penetration.  His other hand yanked her pretty hair, arching Kelly back towards him.
	Suddenly, he gave Kelly several extremely hard, violent jabs.  She felt his heavy balls slam into her mound, before he erupted deep inside her as well.  Kelly cried anew as the oriental man held her close to him, kissing her neck as he filled her womb with a third load of sperm.  
	The oriental man thanked Kelly as he withdrew, wiping his cock on her smooth ass as he left the room.  Kelly was left to pray as three mens semen jockeyed to be the first to her ovulated egg.  Without a doubt, Kelly Cass knew a baby was being concieved in her womb.

	 
