Of course, he should have known it would not last.

It started in the morning, when Ginevra brought him breakfast, and with bright eyes and scarlet cheeks announced that he she slept with Potter last night.

"And it was brilliant," she said, ignoring Snape's disgusted expression. "He's never been like that before, really... forceful, but it was brilliant and he's already told me he loves me loads of times and so, all in all, I think you were dead wrong."

Snape realised he did not have as much of an urge to laugh as he had initially. Potter's life was a terrible mess, and Ginny was going to learn all about it soon enough. Then again, maybe Potter had merely decided to cement his heterosexuality, not overcompensate for his lack of it.

"Hmm," he said, unable to safely say anything else. Ginny scowled, and was about to say more when Snape held up a hand.

"I am sure it is my fault for not saying this when you first began regaling me with tales of Potter, but I really do not want to hear of your love life. Congratulations, you've shagged the hero of the wizarding world. Does that make you feel better?"

Ginny's face showed hurt before it hardened.

"I just thought you ought to hear you were wrong," he said, and left with a toss of her hair.

Snape went downstairs just in time to see a rather large woman land a somewhat larger dragon in the Weasley back garden.

"That's my lift," said Charlie, coming up behind him as he stared out of the lounge window in shock. "The others are all outside to see me off. Going to see me off too?"

Charlie smirked at him, so Snape caught him by the robe and pulled him into a suitable going-away kiss.

"I have got the worst timing in the world," said Potter behind them, and they turned to see him stood in the doorway, looking mildly appalled. Hermione stood behind him, trying rather unsubtly to block someone else's entry into the room.

"What's the hold-up?" Ron protested, and Snape moved a respectable distance away just as his head appeared above the other two in the doorway.

"I believe I startled Potter," said Snape, repressing his smirk. "Do come in."

He noticed that Potter looked miserable; a somewhat stark contrast to Ginny's glow.

"Oh, we were just going to tell Charlie his lift has arrived," said Hermione.

"I saw," said Charlie wryly, glancing out the window at a view composed entirely of green scales. "You're all coming out to wave me off, I assume?"

He gave Severus a faintly apologetic smile.

"Of course," said Snape, and Granger looked a little soft. Good lord, were all Gryffindors such hopeless romantics?

"Come on," said Ron, with the air of one who knew he was missing something but also knew it probably wasn't worth the hassle to ask.

They all trooped out, Snape telling himself that keeping a hand on his wand was only prudent; thankfully, he was not the only one to look a little edgy. The dragon did not so much fill the garden as consume it entirely, but Charlie climbed up onto it with ease.

Snape was only a little impressed.

But then Charlie grinned and patted it, and the dragon unfurled its leathery wings and blotted out the sun. Snape's wand hand clenched as Charlie caught the reins, waving madly, but the great Welsh Green soared up into the sky and vanished under a disillusionment charm, Charlie Weasley still waving atop it.

Molly sniffed into a handkerchief, and suddenly everyone looked a little down. George looked desolate, and Snape remembered that Charlie had been taking the role of substitute joker, jollying everyone along and attempting to keep George upbeat.

Snape decided that perhaps he would spend the day in bed after all. He had never been one to bring cheer to a bleak atmosphere, and this sadness was a family concern.

He removed himself for the afternoon.

Potter brought his supper at six, much to Snape's astonishment. He didn't appear to have cheered up. He laid out the tray, then sat on the chair rather than leaving immediately.

He had the air of one at a confessional. Merlin, surely the boy was not about to come out to him?

"I slept with Ginny last night," he said eventually, and looked up to see Snape's reaction.

"Is this revenge?" he said mildly, and bit a forkful of pie.

"What?" said Harry, then grinned weakly. "Oh, right for... No. It's just..." Potter trailed off.

"It's just... that you did it for terrible reasons and now everything is a mess and it's all my fault?" said Snape. "I don't know what you're expecting me to say, Potter. My overwhelming temptation is to laugh."

Potter scowled.

"You're right. Dunno why I ever thought you could be nice. Not to me."

He rose from his chair; Snape let him get as far as the door before he gave in.

"Potter," he snapped, and Potter turned to glare.

"Did you actually want to volunteer something other than that fascinating information about your sex life?"

Potter shrugged.

"I dunno. It doesn't matter much."

Snape sighed.

"It's just..." said Potter again, and stopped again. Snape schooled his patience.

"I've done stuff with her before," he said, defiant. "I've never had a problem."

"Did it not go well, Potter? It's hardly unusual for a first time –"

"It went fine," snapped Potter, sitting on the chair with a flump. "She seems delighted. But..."

"But?"

Snape had to confess that curiosity was beginning to get the better of him.

"Every time I closed my eyes, it wasn't her."

Snape couldn't help it; he snorted in amusement. Potter leapt up as if to leave, and Snape caught him by the wrist.

"Potter," he said, sighing. "I did not mean to laugh. It's not an unfamiliar story to me, and it caused me much the same distress."

Potter stared blankly, something like despair creeping over his face.

"I – I need to go," he said, and dashed out of the room.

Severus did not envy his position.

*

For the next week or so, he barely saw Potter (who had a tendency to hide in corners or leave rooms he entered), Ginny was pointedly not talking to him, as though it were a punishment, and his day consisted primarily of Ronald and his accompanying chess set. The scores were currently even.

It was quite evident that Ronald was only keeping him company because he was pining for something, which puzzled him until he realised Granger probably had her own family and was not in the house half as much as he'd presumed. This was only proved on Saturday evening, when Granger stayed after dinner, presumably all night – he saw hide nor hair of the boy until Sunday lunchtime, where the lovestruck pair glowed over their roast potatoes.

Not so with Potter and Ginevra. Potter, for his part, seemed to be going through the motions of attentiveness; he held her hand under the table and angled his head when she spoke. But Ginny was no fool, and the distant look in his eyes was unmistakable.

Eventually, Snape saw her pull away, and begin chatting with false brightness to George. George, he was strangely pleased to note, seemed to be faring well considering he was having to find his identity as a solo artist rather than a double act. His humour seemed rather blacker nowadays, but Snape considered that an improvement.

Potter's humour, he was beginning to notice, was also rather dark and dry. It seemed to irritate Ginny.

"Harry still doesn't look happy, does he?" murmured Molly in his ear as they began their dessert.

"No, not terribly," said Severus, sighing. Why did everyone look to him to solve their Potter problems?

"I don't suppose you know what's wrong? Ron and Ginny said he's been acting strangely ever since he had a talk with you, but he's so erratic nowadays –"

"Nowadays?" said Snape. "He's had a screw loose his whole life. His tantrums are infamous, and I understand he regularly shuts out those closest to him."

Molly smiled, for some reason.

"Yes, quite infamous," she said. "So you don't know what's wrong?"

Snape considered carefully.

"What is wrong," he began slowly, "Seems to be related to his relationship with your daughter. Perhaps someone ought to talk to him? Someone male, someone older, perhaps?"

Molly raised her eyebrows.

"Goodness, I never thought of that. Do you think he is... having problems?"

Severus was not entirely sure what Molly meant, and did not care to know.

"I think he's suffering from a lack of male guidance," he said. "With Black and Lupin gone, who has he to talk to? Particularly since all the older men he knows are related to his current girlfriend."

Molly contemplated this.

"Well... I don't know anyone he could really talk to," she said. "You don't think you..."

Snape snorted.

"I hardly think we are at the manly bonding stage. Our conversation still tends to descend into madness."

Molly hummed.

"If there is no non-Weasley available, a Weasley will have to do," said Snape. "Perhaps Bill." Especially since Bill seemed undisturbed by Charlie's preferences.

"I"ll ask," said Molly, looking much more content, and Snape realised he was becoming a bigger meddler than Dumbledore – all that was missing was a grand plan. Other than 'Sort out Harry Potter so that he might worry about his own life for a change', of course.

Molly on a mission was an efficient machine indeed: Bill was around the next afternoon, for dinner and to play chess, beating Potter but losing inevitably to Ron. Snape refrained from another hours-long match against him, catching the look on Molly's face – a few minutes later she roped Ginny, Ron and George into laying out tea and cakes, leaving Potter, Bill, Arthur and Severus sat awkwardly in the lounge.

"I hate chess," said Bill cheerfully.

"Me too," said Harry, with a small grin.

"Got any exploding snap cards?"

Potter shrugged.

"In Ron's room, I think so."

"Come on, let's bring them down," said Bill, clapping a hand on Potter's shoulder. Potter, not a complete idiot, looked confused and a little suspicious as he was led out of the room.

Suddenly, Severus found himself filled with the almost irresistible temptation to eavesdrop. He stared after Potter, speculating.

When he turned back to Arthur, he was eying him shrewdly, but Molly came into the room again before he could say a word.

She frowned at Severus.

"Are you alright, dear? You look tense."

Snape was about to snap that he was always tense, but then it wasn't as true as it used to be, and besides, it gave him the perfect excuse to go upstairs and surrender to his spying instincts.

"A headache," he said, and Arthur gave him a sharp look as Snape was shooed up to bed with tea in hand.

He locked his door and cast his charm up at Potter's room with only the briefest twinge of guilt.

"I'm sure they're here somewhere," said Potter in his ear, accompanied by a clatter of things being moved, or possibly thrown about. Snape slid onto the bed and closed his eyes.

"It's a bit of a mess up here," said Potter apologetically.

"I'm not surprised," said Bill with a laugh. "Two teenage boys in one room? Recipe for a bombsite. Do you sleep up here all the time?"

"Nah, only when you or Charlie are staying in the spare room," he said. "I really need to find somewhere else to live soon."

"Don't be silly," reassured Bill. "You need somewhere to get on your feet first, decide what you want to do now, and Mum loves having a full house. I suppose she wouldn't dream of putting Ron with Hermione?"

"She stays with Ginny," said Potter, an embarrassed edge to his voice. "Don't think it stops them, though."

Bill laughed again.

"How are you and Ginny?" he asked casually. Potter's silence did not surprise Snape.

"Problems?" said Bill after a moment. "Anything I can help with?"

"I really doubt it," said Potter with a dark laugh.

"Hey, Harry," said Bill softly, and Snape could well imagine the comforting hand on Potter's shoulder. Snape wasn't sure that would help, knowing Bill's universal appeal. "You know you can always come to me for advice, yeah? I've got a few years' experience under my belt, and I doubt you could say anything that would shock me."

Harry snorted.

"What, even if I, I dunno... told you I fancy hippogriffs?"

Bill laughed.

"I think I'd redirect you to Hagrid for that one," he said.

"Urgh," said Harry. Then he fell silent.

"What about fancying men," he said. The merest of pauses, until Bill said smoothly:

"Not really in the same class as a hippogriff fetish," he said. "Is that one true?"

A noncommittal noise from Potter, then:

"I don't know," he said, still bleak. "I mean, I've had crushes on girls, like Cho, but thought I was too young really to be thinking about sex with her or anything –"

"How old were you?"

"Fifteen."

"Definitely old enough to be thinking about it," said Bill wryly.

"But I've not really had girls on my mind all the time like Ron seemed to, and Fleur – well, she gets me when she does that, er,Veela swoopy thing, but not half as bad as Ron..."

"I'd noticed," said Bill, amused.

"And I've had so much to think about these past few years, what with Voldemort and all, I've just tried not to think about – sex. At all. Even with Ginny, she's been the one to –"

"Yes, yes," said Bill quickly. "I've heard some scandalous rumours about my sister, but I'd rather not have them confirmed."

Harry laughed mirthlessly.

"Yeah, okay, so... I dunno. I'm really confused. And terrified."

Bill was silent for a moment.

"Do you have any reason why you think you might be into men, rather than just a late bloomer? Do you think about men?"

A pause.

"I've been trying not to think about it," he said eventually, and Bill snorted.

"Well, that's no good," he said. "Everyone at some point or other thinks about it, even if it's just for curiosity's sake. Even I've snogged a boy or two."

"You have?" squeaked Potter, and Snape wondered if the same sorts of thoughts about attractive redheads in embraces with pretty schoolboys were filling Potter's mind as well.

"Yeah," said Bill, laughing. "I think the Gryffindor common room has got a lot tamer over the years, because we used to play spin the bottle back in our day. There was sort of a stupid unwritten rule about same-sex stuff – the girls usually did it but the guys almost always bowed out. But Charlie had just come out to me and as a show of solidarity I leapt up and snogged this poor boy Alex. Avoided me for months, of course, and there were all sorts of rumours, but I think Charlie was pleased."

Harry laughed.

"Doesn't really count if it's a game," he said.

"I said a boy or two," said Bill, and Snape could imagine the charmingly enigmatic smile on his face. "Anyway, that's not the point. The point is, it's perfectly natural to think about guys, have crushes on guys, even experiment with guys. It doesn't mean you fancy guys, and even if you do you might still fancy girls as well, and if you don't nobody will care. Some strange attitudes have filtered through from the muggleborn, but in wizarding society it's pretty much accepted. Loads of purebloods used to fool around with men before they got married and produced heirs. Some of them kept their flings around while they were married, even. It's more frowned upon to take it up as a way of life, because of the whole keeping Wizarding numbers up and all that, but that only really matters to the older purebloods. Mum's a bit funny on it too, the Prewetts were a very traditional pureblood family – dreadful muggle-loving blood traitors of course, but very much into family values. She tends to dismiss it as a phase, something you do before settling down and giving her lots of grandchildren, but I wouldn't pay much attention to her."

"I didn't know any of that," said Harry quietly. "Do purebloods really do all that?"

"All the time," said Bill. "Not discussed in polite conversation, mind."

"So do you reckon... Lucius Malfoy...?"

Potter sounded morbidly amused. Bill laughed.

"I wouldn't be surprised," he said. "Bet Snape would know. You should ask."

Snape was appalled. Absolutely nothing on this earth could persuade him to talk about Malfoy's extra-marital activities.

Potter laughed, sounding much more cheerful.

"But Harry," said Bill, more seriously. "There is one thing you really need to do before you think about anything else."

A pause.

"Break up with Ginny."

"What?" said Potter, sounding appalled, though it seemed blindingly obvious advice to Snape.

"If you're having a sexual crisis, you can not use her to experiment with. What if you give her all your attention and make advances you wouldn't normally make, and then tell her at the end of it that actually, you're gay? She's going to be really hurt. You need a break."

A bit late for this speech, thought Snape. Couldn't be helped, though.

"Tell her you need to think about your future and what you want from life," continued Bill. "And you do need to think about it. You've not had time in the past, but now you've got all the time in the world. Are you even sure you want to throw yourself into such a serious relationship so young? And remember, the Weasleys will always love you."

"I – you're right," agreed Potter, sounding both comforted and traumatised. "Thanks, Bill."

"Hey, no problem," said Bill, sounding pleased with himself. "Feel free to owl if you want to talk about anything. Or send an owl to Charlie, I'm sure he'd be a help. Hey, knowing him I bet he'd be happy to participate in a bit of experimenting if you like," he added with a laugh.

Potter snorted.

"Charlie wouldn't want me," he said, sounding throwaway and quite genuine. An incredulous pause from Bill, mimicked two floors down in Snape.

"Why not?" said Bill, surprised.

"Well, he's... really hot," said Harry.

"You're not so bad yourself, Harry Potter," said Bill disapprovingly. "He's definitely not out of your league, if that's what you think."

Harry snorted, embarrassed.

"I dunno," he said.

"Well, I'd say you're a bit more conventionally appealing than Snape," said Bill.

A pause.

"Well... he's older," said Harry. "Kind of powerful. A lot more attractive when he's – erm –"

"Not glaring?" said Bill with a laugh.

"Erm," said Harry again, obviously derailed by the memory, and Snape felt a little as though his own brain was derailed, too.

"Snape aside, Harry, you're very attractive. You've got amazing eyes and good features and a good bone structure and a nice arse, and Charlie would be mad to refuse an opportunity to get off with you in the name of curiosity."

"I didn't know you knew about Charlie and Snape," said Harry after a while, sounding choked and embarrassed and obviously changing the subject.

"Charlie's not overly subtle about that sort of thing," said Bill with a laugh, "And I saw you come up from the garden. Of course, I knew he fancied Snape in school, so I had a clue anyway. Don't tell him I told you any of this, by the way."

"He fancied Snape in school?" said Potter, and Snape wondered at the emphasis on 'school' rather than 'fancied'.

"I can see what might appeal," said Bill neutrally. "It's like you said – the power thing. He's got that air of assurance, and that voice, that whole dominating aura... I can imagine it translating well to a bedroom situation. If you like that sort of thing."

"Er," said Potter, uninterpretably, and Bill laughed.

"Come on, lets get those snap cards before they send out a search party."

Snape shut off his spell and closed his eyes. His thoughts were whirling down strange and uncomfortable avenues. Thoughts of Bill and his one or two boys; the memory of Charlie, interspersed with visions of the man experimenting with Potter; the surreality of hearing that he'd been a student's crush, that Bill understood it, that Potter almost implied that Snape was out of his league; Potter, almost saying that Severus was much more attractive when he was coming.

Snape realised he may have released something in his psyche he did not want to think about. But he was, most decidedly, thinking about Potter in a context that just a few weeks ago would have appalled him.

He closed his eyes, and Potter was there to meet him, a thousand furious screaming matches turned to a different kind of passion. That defiant glare, turning to confusion to shock to reluctant pleasure, and just the very wrongness of it seemed to enhance the appeal. He was appalled at his own reaction.

When that reaction refused to leave him alone, Snape came to thoughts of Potter begging to be defiled, and vowed afterwards to never think of it again.

*

Of course, people had pulled him too far into Potter's life for him to cease thinking about the boy, and Severus was all too aware of his own compliance. Ginevra came to him a few days later, looking as though there had been tears recently, and with careful calm told him that she broke up with Potter.

"I see," said Snape. Ginny looked at him suspiciously, waiting for more, but Snape was guilty enough from his improper thoughts of Potter to hold his tongue.

"I couldn't get what you said out of my head," she continued, "And I was sick of him being distant. We talked for a bit about we wanted, but he kept saying 'I don't know' and it was driving me mad, so I thought maybe I could scare him into being less apathetic by suggesting we break up. But he just agreed! He said maybe we weren't right and maybe we should both do some thinking about our future, and maybe we should take a break. He just agreed! Does he even love me?"

Snape snorted.

"Of course he does. It may not be in the way you'd like, though."

"What do you mean?" she said, appalled, and Snape shrugged.

"He cares for you greatly, I'm sure, but perhaps that love does not work terribly well in a romantic situation."

Ginny looked disturbed.

"That might be worse," she said eventually. "If he ever tells me he loves me like a sister, I'll hex his balls off."

Snape crossed his fingers for that very likely eventuality.

"Don't worry about Potter," he said. "Spend some time with your friends. Have some fun. Potter will sort himself out eventually."

"Good idea," said Ginny, grinning. "I could do with a girly night. And I haven't seen Dean in a while."

Snape snorted inwardly. Calling on an ex already? Ginny Weasley was about as suited to long-term commitment as her dragon-taming brother.

"Indeed," he said dryly, reminding her he had no interest in her social plans, and she smiled ruefully and left the room with renewed cheer.

Severus was appalled by his restraint. Good Lord, he really was turning into Dumbledore!

Hermione appeared before lunch, smiling cheerfully with a notebook in hand.

"Hello, Professor!" she said.

"I'm not a professor," snapped Snape.

"Um, Mr Snape?"

"That was my father," he said, pulling a face. He hesitated. "Severus will do."

Hermione smiled nervously.

"Okay, um... I just popped in to see if you've decided what you want to do yet."

Snape sighed. He thought he had been avoiding thinking about it, but the answer sprang to mind fully formed.

It seemed inevitable. He could not bring himself to leave.

"Your plan seems acceptable," he said tiredly, and Hermione beamed.

"Oh, good! Well, Shacklebolt wants to be around whenever you appear, just to contain any possible rioting or stray curses. He's good for mornings around eight-thirty, so any time around then would be perfect. It'll be busy in the Atrium around then, but maximum coverage, eh?"

Snape sighed but nodded.

"Shacklebolt will release a statement to the press regarding your arrest immediately, and as soon as the first story hits a couple of us will agree to an interview. We'll ask for Moira Cocklebottom, the woman who wrote your first article – I think she's got a bit of a thing for your story, and what with me becoming best friends with her –" here Granger allowed herself a small grimace, and Snape was appalled at how callous Gryffindors could be when they turned to more Slytherin pursuits, "– It will be perfectly natural for us to go to her first. Sorry about the whole romantic thing, we'll try and play it down a bit."

"We've also got a list of people who have promised they will testify if we ask, Harry even went and asked Draco Malfoy – Malfoy owed him though, spoke at his hearing and had all charges dropped – did you have someone you wanted as your defence, by the way? Mr Weasley knows a man, but if you have your own defence that's great – and I've made a list of possible evidence to bring up. There's obviously your memories of events – are you alright for them to be shown?"

"Some of them," said Snape, resigned.

"And there's the Phoenix feather that was next to your body, which will appeal to anyone with romantic notions about second chances and loyalty, and you can talk under Veritaserum although that's always risky. Harry, of course, is going to be a key witness, and a key figure to the press. Hopefully, if we get the public on your side, it will influence the Wizengamot, and if the worst comes to the worst they may be more lenient to avoid public backlash. Which there would be, believe me."

Hermione sounded fierce and determined, reminding him strongly of Minerva, of her passionate defense of her students over the past year. He'd often heard people wondering why Granger was in Gryffindor – it had always been quite clear to Severus. She may be clever, but first of all she was just, and she'd fight for that ideal.

"Very well," he said, and Granger looked surprised, as if she'd expected a fight.

"Oh, good. Um, just say the word and we'll get into place. Do you know what you're going to say?"

Snape smirked.

"I shouldn't worry about that, Miss Granger. I'm rather well-known for my dramatic entrances. And exits, for that matter."

Hermione grinned, though she looked a little nervous.

"Okay, Pr– Severus." She smiled awkwardly. "How are you feeling, by the way?"

"Much better," said Snape patiently. "How are you?"

"Oh," said Hermione, "Pretty good. My parents – well, they're ill at the moment, but much better this week. Have you heard about Harry and Ginny?"

"Oh yes, far too much," said Snape darkly.

"Oh," said Hermione, laughing. "I thought Ginny wasn't talking to you."

"So did I, but apparently she has changed her mind. Monday, Miss Granger. Is that acceptable?"

"What? Oh! Okay, if you think you're ready... of course. Oh, everyone will be so relieved."

Snape snorted.

"The worst may still happen. I, for one, think I have taken leave of my senses."

"Alright," said Hermione, ignoring him. "I'd better owl Kingsley right away. It's been good to see you, sir."

Hermione rose, but paused, uncomfortable.

"I don't suppose you know what's up with Harry, do you? I mean, this Ginny thing came right out of the blue, but he's been insular for ages and I'm not sure it's just grief any more."

"Will no one ever go to him directly? Why does everyone imagine me to be the font of knowledge on all things Potter?"

"Because we know you keep an eye on him," said Hermione, smiling slightly. "And we've got no-one else to ask."

"Potter is probably having a life crisis," said Snape, sighing. "It's nothing to worry about. I'm sure he will snap out of it eventually."

Hermione nodded and went to the door.

"Granger?"

"Hermione," she corrected, turning to look at him.

"Will Weasley be playing chess this evening?"

"No," said Hermione, blushing. "No, I expect not. I can send him up if you –"

"Certainly not," said Snape. "I simply like to know if I am going to be harassed."

Hermione smiled.

"Of course, sir."

She shut the door, softly.

Snape closed his eyes, and for the first time since his death allowed himself to think of the future as though he had some place within it.