Jared flipped out the large blanket and made sure it lay flat on the ground. He looked up at the sunny sky and smiled, silently thanking nature for giving them a lovely Valentine’s day. Opening the picnic basket, he began to unload all of the food he'd packed, along with a small package. "Hurry, Jen," he murmured as he pulled out the last things. "Don't keep me waiting."

Jensen sat in his car breathing deeply and looking at the rather small gift in his hands. He knew Jared would be waiting, his boyfriend's habit for promptness one of the things he'd never expected from him. Pushing out of the car, Jensen locked it and looked around for the little landmarks Jared had mentioned in order to find him.

Jared saw Jensen approaching slowly and stood, face lit with a grin. Unable to help himself, he dashed toward him. "Jensen!" he called, like a heroine in some romantic comedy. "My Jensen!"

Snorting, Jensen opened his arms and braced himself for Jared's tackle. He did his best to keep them both on their feet, even though Jared outweighed him with a god twenty pounds of muscle these days.

Jared swung them both in a circle and then dipped Jensen slightly to kiss him. "Hi," he said, eyes warm and happy, as he finally set Jensen upright and released him.

"Hi," Jensen said, pulling Jared in for another kiss. "A picnic, huh? I love it."

"I'm just glad the weather cooperated," Jared said, resting his forehead on Jensen's. "Happy first Valentine's Day together, Jen." He tugged him in for another kiss (he could never get enough) and then caught one of his hands to lead him to the waiting blanket.

"Leave it to you to plan something extravagant," Jensen teased lightly, bringing Jared's fingers to his lips and kissing them lightly. He settled on the blanket and waited for Jared to settle in and show him what he brought.

"A picnic is extravagant?" Jared asked, all wide-eyed innocence. He lifted the bottle of champagne from its ice and popped the cork with a grin. "Not even a little."

Jensen chuckled. "It's definitely extravagant. Doesn't mean I don't want it or like it." He reached out for the glass of champagne that Jared handed him.

"To us," Jared said softly, lifting his champagne flute to Jensen. "And having finally found each other."

"It only took us more than a decade," Jensen said with a laugh. He still wasn't entirely certain that they'd make it, but he hoped so...was willing to give it everything he had to make it work.

Jared winked and took a sip of champagne, before carefully setting the flute down. "Where would you like to start? We have several gourmet cheeses with all kinda of bread and crackers and fruit to go with them. And some of that jerky you like so much. Oh and some Texas BBQ, cold. And lots of chocolate. Cause I want to make us both fat."

Jensen snorted. "Apparently." He shook his head slightly. "How about some crackers, cheese and jerky?"

Jared cupped Jensen's right cheek and leaned forward for a kiss, sucking lightly on his full lower lip. He pulled off with a light nip and then pulled the cheese, crackers and jerky in front of them. "I wouldn't care if you got some junk in the trunk."

"Yeah, don't think that's going to happen...I'd care," Jensen said. Not that he'd be upset over a few pounds on his frame, but he didn't want to gain a lot of weight.

Jared chuckled and nipped Jensen's nose lightly. "You're so serious," he murmured. "I love that about you."

"You do?" Jensen asked, still surprised at how much Jared seemed to care about him.

Jared shook his head and began to make himself a cheese, cracker and jerky sandwich. Stuffing half in his mouth, he grinned around the crumbs and said, "This is awesome."

Jensen ate his own cheese and cracker a little more carefully, smiling around his full mouth at Jared's enthusiasm. "You've been planning it for a while," he said, having come to realize just how Jared could be about certain things...like anniversaries.

"Yeah, a little bit," Jared said, cheeks slightly flushed. "I told you I was intense about things." He ducked his head, long bangs hiding his eyes. "I hope it's all right."

"Of course it is...I'd tell you if it wasn't," Jensen said, reaching out to grab Jared's hand.

Jared threaded their fingers together and smiled at Jensen, a little wobbly around the edges. "I want this to work out so badly," he said. "For so many reasons, Jen. I want to do it right with and for you. For us."

Jensen nodded, offered his own slightly wobbly smile. "Me too, Jay...let's just try and let it do it's thing, though, okay?"

Jared thumbed over Jensen's lips and smiled. "I'm trying, Jen. Promise." He leaned in for a lingering kiss and tugged Jensen in close.

Returning the kiss, Jensen moaned into Jared's lips. They were both making their way carefully and slowly through the potential minefield of a new relationship...even if they'd known each other off and on for over a decade. Jensen pulled back slowly and nibbled at Jared's lower lip. "I'm just glad you asked me out."

"Me, too," Jared said with a goofy smile. "Even if I did nearly knock the waiter over doing my victory dance when you said yes."

"That was damn funny," Jensen said. "But, I'm glad you didn't since they'd have likely banned us from our favorite restaurant."

Jared laughed softly and pressed his forehead to Jensen's lightly. "He was pretty pissed, though. Still refuses to serve us."

Jensen chuckled. "Yeah, well, you did almost make him dump an entire tray on another table." He shook his head and tugged Jared in for a gentle kiss.

Jared sucked on Jensen's tongue and moaned softly, sliding his hand through the downy hair at Jensen's nape. "And you still wanted to go out with me."

"I'd wanted to go out with you for awhile, Jay," Jensen said. He stroked his fingers over Jared's cheek with a soft smile. "But, I was afraid you weren't going to want to go out with me."

"Really? I wish I had known. I wouldn't have been so scared to ask," Jared said. He tilted his head, eyes curious. "Why did you think that?"

Jensen snorted. "We didn't exactly have the best track record and well, I failed hardcore at my relationship with Tony. Didn't think you'd want to give it a shot."

"Forget Tony. He was a fool for letting you go," Jared said. "I just hoped you might want to try with me. Lucky me."

"It's all working out for the best," Jensen agreed, kissing Jared softly again.

"And here it is Valentine's day again, and neither of us is single," Jared said. "Which is a first in our whole time knowing each other."

Jensen snorted, pulling back and lifting a cracker to Jared's lips. "Let's hope it stays that way, huh?"

"That's all I was hoping for," Jared said and engulfed cracker and part of Jensen's fingers in his mouth."

Laughing at Jared's playfulness, Jensen watched the way his mouth engulfed Jensen's finger. He wriggled the finger gently, swiping it over Jared's tongue with a low moan. "God you are so hot, Jay."

Jared laved each of Jensen's fingers before releasing them and hewing his cracker. He offered Jensen a strawberry with a wink.

Jensen opened his mouth and leaned in so that Jared could place the berry between his lips. He bit into the fruit, flick out his tongue and catch the juice before leaning in for a second bite of the berry.

"Good?" Jared asked and then caught Jensen's mouth the share the flavor. "Mmmm. Good."

"Very good," Jensen agreed, humming and flicking his tongue over Jared's lips. "You taste awesome."

Jared nearly purred into Jensen's mouth and pressed a hand to his back. "Best part of the meal."

"Absolutely...love the way you taste," Jensen agreed.

"But we shouldn't neglect the rest of the meal," Jared said and tore off a large chunk of French bread to go with some camembert. "Especially the cheese. Cheesiness is next to godliness."

Jensen laughed and sat back. He took a piece of the bread and cheese and reminded himself that they were in public.

Jared snuggled up to Jensen's side and offered him more champagne. "It's gorgeous out here. So peaceful right now."

"You picked a great spot," Jensen agreed. He took the champagne and sipped at it while looking around the park.

"And so quiet. It's perfect for us today," Jared said with a satisfied sigh. "Exactly how I wanted it for tonight."

"Who knew you were such a planner?" Jensen teased, stretching his legs out and smiling indulgently at Jared.

"Hey, I have to plan all the lessons for my classes," Jared protested, wrapping an arm around Jensen's waist.

Jensen leaned into Jared. "I know...I was teasing," he said, resting his head on Jared's shoulder.

Jared chuckled and pressed a kiss to Jensen's crown. "You're so good at it. I love that, too."

"It's comfortable to tease you. I mean, I know you won't take offense at the shit I say," Jensen grinned and pressed a quick, hard kiss on Jared's lips.

"Nah. There's always this look in your eyes that makes me know it's all just teasing," Jared said. He leaned in for another kiss.

Jensen returned the kiss, cupping Jared's cheek with one hand and leaning on him for balance while he held his champagne flute in the air. "This is all just a bit complicated," he said with a chuckle.

Jared took the flute and finished off the rest of Jensen's champagne, before tucking the glass out of the way. "You're worth a bit of complication."

Blushing at the compliment, Jensen ducked his head and rubbed his cheek on Jared's shoulder. "I'm glad you think so...I feel the same way about you."

Jared rested his cheek on Jensen's head and sighed softly. "This is good. I could do this forever."

Jensen took a shaky breath, knowing he felt the same way. He was still stunned at how different everything was with Jared. "Yeah, me too," he whispered.

Jared smiled at the soft admission and said, "There is little I wouldn't do for you." He tore off some pieces of jerky and chewed it contentedly. "Food and you. Life is perfect."

Jensen snorted again, burying his face in Jared's throat. "Only you would rate food up on a par with me." Chuckling, he reached for another piece of bread and took a bite.

"Hey, that's not what I said," Jared protested and nearly purred at the sensation of Jensen pressed close to him. "But I do have an unnatural love for food. It's why I have to work out so much."

"And I do love watching you work out," Jensen admitted, humming at the memory of Jared's sweaty body going through his routines in the gym. "Makes it tough to do my own."

"It is hard to exercise and gawk at the same time," Jared teased, flexing one arm to show off the ripple of muscle beneath cloth. "But I like your vacant, drooling expression when you're checking out my body."

Jensen blushed, both because Jared was teasing...and also telling the truth. "Well, it's not like you don't show off for me...flexing your muscles and proving how much you can deadlift."

"I can't help myself. My boyfriend is checking me out, and I want to make him want to come near and touch. Besides, he's so good-looking, I have to work hard to stay in the same league." Jared touched the blushing cheeks and tilted Jensen's head for a kiss.

Opening his mouth to Jared, Jensen moaned and clung to his shoulders. He'd say the same thing in reverse, knowing it was Jared who was far hotter than he was any day of the week. Of course, they always did manage to argue about that when it came up. "God, you are just trying to kill me, aren't you?" he whimpered.

"Kill you?" Jared asked, right hand slipping under Jensen's layers to stroke the skin of his lower back. "Whatever makes you say that?"

"The way you're touching me, trying to make me forget we're in public," Jensen said with a shudder.

Laughing softly, Jared whispered, "I would not do that, if only because I am unwilling to share you. Everything I want with you should just be for us. Although the idea of being able to make love to you under the stars appeals to my mushy side."

Jensen chuckled softly. "Perhaps in our own backyard some night, then."

"Our own backyard," Jared murmured, thinking of them owning a house together, with two dogs and maybe some cats, racing around their big back lawn. "Yeah. I like that idea." He kissed Jensen again, communicating his thanks for the pleasant daydreams of them.

"I know it's a little soon, but something to think about," Jensen said with a contented smile.

"I'm not complaining about the idea," Jared said and pressed Jensen into the blanket for a longer kiss, hand exploring a little more boldly over his torso.

Jensen hummed softly, body arching and pressing into the touch of Jared's hands. "Love the way you touch me."

Jared thumbed lightly over his nipples and pinched the right one. He watched Jensen's responses with hungry eyes, sucking on his bottom lip and then nipping at the sensitive spots of his neck.

"Jay, you've got to stop or I won't be able to," Jensen said, his body thrumming with Jared's expert touches.

An apologetic little gleam appeared in Jared's eyes, and he sat back up, pulling Jensen into his arms. "Sorry," he murmured. "You make me forget everything but you."

Jensen shivered and settled into Jared's arms. "If we weren't in public, you know I wouldn't stop you."

"I know," Jared said and slid the fingers of his left hand just under the waistband of Jensen's pants. "That's for later." He grabbed some more bread and cheese. "After the dessert food."

"After the dessert food?" Jensen asked, stomach quivering with Jared's fingers tucked in his waistband.

"Or with," Jared said with a wicked smile. "If you're willing to try that again. With frosting maybe..."

Jensen chuckled. "You want to cover me in frosting this time?" he asked with an arched eyebrow.

"And the lick and suck and nibble it off you," Jared purred. "A combination of fristing and Jensen. Mmmm."

"You are a goof sometimes," Jensen said, indulgence in his voice while he tangled his fingers in Jared's hair. "If you wanted all that, then why are we picnicking in public?"

"Build up," Jared said and rubbed his nose against Jensen's. "I wanted to share the evening outside with you, before we spend the night together."

Jensen pressed a gentle kiss to Jared's lips. "I love that about you."

"Love?" Jared asked, ridiculously pleased, and caught Jensen's mouth for a longer kiss. "I was planning a stroll after dinner... work off some of dinner."

"Sounds good," Jensen said, nibbling at Jared's lower lip. "I love walking with you."

"You're so easy to please," Jared rumbled and offered him a slice of jack. "This cheese is awesome!"

Jensen chuckled and shook his head at Jared's enthusiasm. He untangled himself from Jared enough to make a small sandwich of the bread, cheese and jerky, nibbling at it and watching Jared in the slowly fading sunlight.

"I brought some of that cheesecake you like for your dessert and a large creampuff for me... unless you wanted to switch," Jared said, noshing a bunch more bread and cheese.

"Nah, I'll stick with my cheesecake...or we can share them both," Jensen said with a shrug. He didn't mind either way.

"You do love your cheesecake," Jared said with a grin. He pulled out a container with a large slice of cheesecake and an enormous cream puff inside. "We'll have to work out extra hard tonight to work these calories off."

Jensen snorted. "Somehow I don't think that is going to be an issue...not with how hot you were making me just a bit ago."

"I was hoping you'd say that," Jared said with a wiggle of his hips. He opened the container and carefully served Jensen his cheesecake, before grabbing his enormous puff and taking a bit. Cream got everywhere.

Jensen took a much smaller bite of his own cheesecake, laughing at Jared's creampuff explosion. He reached out his finger and swiped up some of the extra from Jared's cheek and stuck it in his mouth, sucking and moaning softly around his finger.

Jared beamed at him and stole a quick finger full of cheese cake. Stuffing it in his mouth and sucking it off, he moaned to match Jensen. And then winked.

Laughing at their antics, Jensen took another bite of his dessert and hummed at the sweet flavor. "You're so good to me, Jay," Jensen said with a smile before lifting another forkful of the cheesecake up to Jared's lips.

"I want to be," Jared said intently. "You deserve it." He wrapped his hand around Jensen's and lifted the fork into his mouth. "Mmm."

Jensen watched Jared each the cheesecake, unconsciously wetting his lips while he stared at Jared's mouth. "So, what else do you have planned tonight?"

Jared's eyes darkened, as he looked Jensen up and down. "You really don't know?" he asked in a honeyed tone.

Jensen blinked, shook his head slowly and almost swallowed his tongue at Jared's tone. "No?" he said hesitantly.

"After we take a long, romantic stroll, I'm going to take you home, strip you bare, lay you over my bed and worship you for hours."

"Jesus, yeah okay...I more meant the stroll...but yeah," Jensen muttered the words, stumbling over several as he went. He looked around the park and cursed that there were even more people around than when they first sat down.

Jared chuckled and kissed each of Jensen's blushing cheeks in turn. "It's so adorkable how you still blush like that."

Jensen blushed hotter, leaning his cheek against Jared's. "Only you can get me to do that, Jared. Only you."

Jared scooped Jensen all the way into his lap, even if he did lay in an uncomfortable sprawl. His arms wrapped around Jensen's middle, careful of the desserts, and held him close. "I also thought we would do anything you might want first."

"I like the idea of a romantic walk with you," Jensen said, reaching up and tangling his hand in Jared's hair.

"Good. Cause one day, we're getting dogs and taking lots of them." Jared said. "And a couple of cats for you, to boss the dogs around."

"Dogs and cats and long walks. Sounds like a perfect, awesome life to come," Jensen said, nuzzling Jared's cheek.

"Doesn't it?" Jared asked. "Especially if we're doing it all together."

Jensen kissed Jared soundly. "That's what I meant...all of that with us both is the perfect life." He pulled back and looked at Jared seriously. "You don't have any doubts about me, right? I don't make you worry that I'm not serious or committed, do I?"

"No. You have more right to worry about me," Jared said. "What with my complete lack of ability to keep a man interested for more than two months."

"I keep telling you that you just picked the wrong guys, Jay," Jensen said, catching his mouth in another kiss before becoming serious again. "I just want to be sure you know how certain I am of you."

Jared studied Jensen's eyes and face and then smiled his brightest. "I know I want this more than I've wanted anything. It's still new, technically, but that doesn't matter to me."

Jensen chuckled. "I guess it's new for us, but it doesn't feel like it."

"We fit," Jared said. "We have since I sat down next to you in the gay bar on a lonely Valentine's Day, feeling like the biggest loser in the world."

"I think it's because I was sitting there too, feeling like I was the biggest loser in the world...and we both realized that we just hadn't had the right chance at it," Jensen said.

"I kinda like our history now," Jared admitted with a goofy grin. "It's a good story for the grandkids."

Jensen laughed, ducked his head. "The best story for our grandkids."

"Maybe we should leave a few details out," Jared said with a teasing grin.

"Just a few...those get to be ours," Jensen said with a grin. "I'm glad that you’re so certain of me...because I know that you're it for me."

"Oh," Jared murmured and kissed Jensen deep and slow and thorough. "My Jensen then."

Jensen opened to Jared's mouth, moaning low and clinging to Jared tightly. He wanted Jared so much, was getting closer and closer to being ready to go home.

"Shall we pack the basket, put it away and take our stroll?" Jared asked. "Then we can go home. Our place."

"I like the sound of that. I think I'm very ready to go home with you, Jared," Jensen said, kissing him again and then sliding off his lap.

"You're getting a little hot there?" Jared asked, tease and love in his tone. He began to clean up the remains of their food.

Jensen helped Jared pack the food. "I'm far more than a little hot over here..."

"I'm a bad Jared," Jared said with a fake hanging of his head, hair getting in his eyes. He looked up at Jensen through his bangs. "Jensen forgive me?"

"There's nothing to forgive, Jay...you know I love how you do that to me," Jensen teased him back. He tugged Jared's hair lightly and pulled him in for a deep kiss.

Jared loved when Jensen used his hair for a handle, which he often did. He was always so careful not to hurt Jared, only to lead him gently where he wanted. Kissing those perfect lips, Jared could only think of happy things in their future. "Shall we walk?"

Humming, Jensen nodded and then pulled back. He pushed himself to his feet and folded the blanket so that Jared wouldn't have to try and carry everything in his hands.

"I was thinking, this summer, when we're both free, we could travel," Jared said.

"Yeah? Where were you thinking?" Jensen asked, tucking the blanket under his arm and reaching for Jared's hand.

"Europe. Egypt. Asia. Anywhere," Jared said, eyes glowing. "I've never been out of the US."

"Okay, I'm easy...depending on how long we want to go; we could do a good trip." Jensen squeezed Jared's fingers and swung their hands slightly between them.

"Better be easy only for me," Jared teased. "We can look at different options later, decide on somewhere that interests us both."

Jensen laughed. "I'm an easy traveler, but yes I'm only easy for you." He bumped their shoulders together with a contented sound.

Jared chuckled and wrapped his free arm around Jensen's shoulders, pulling him close. "I know. You're my guy."

Wrapping his arm around Jared's waist, Jensen snuggled into his side. "Yup, we're just too domestic," he joked.

"Is no such thing," Jared said. "At least not for us."

"You don't think?" Jensen asked, rather serious in spite of their teasing on the topic.

"Should I?" Jared asked. "I mean, I like it. We go out and enjoy our home, yeah?"

"Yeah, we do both...I guess I just worry sometimes that too much domesticity breeds complacency and boredom," Jensen said.

Jared made a face and said, "Well, I don't think we're in any danger of that. I mean, there's a lot to look forward to beside domesticity."

"Tell me what you look forward to you?" Jensen asked with a kiss to Jared's cheek.

"Everything. Waking up next to you. Snuggling with you after a hard day at work. Making dinner for you." Jared looked bashful.

Jensen filled with a warmth at Jared's words. "Yeah? All of that mundane stuff?" he asked, grinning and leaning into Jared.

"Not so mundane if I am with you," Jared said. "And I don't think it ever will be."

"Me either," Jensen said, smiling and leaning into Jared's side. "I've always just been worried that someone else would think they would be mundane."

"Can you cook?" Jared asked. "I mean I can do some things, but I'd love to learn more stuff."

Jensen shrugged a little. "I can do a few things Momma taught me before I moved out. Some chili and a couple of her casseroles. We could always take some classes, learn some more dishes together."

"Sweet," Jared said. "See, there's something else to look forward to."

"Anything else you want to do together?" Jensen asked, liking the idea that they might be able to combine a couple of hobbies.

"How about join a baseball league?" Jared asked with a smile. "I haven't played in years, but I'd love to join a team."

Jensen grinned. "Yeah, that'd be fun...I bet we'd have a great time with that."

"What about you?" Jared asked. "What would you like us to do as a couple?"

"I think the cooking classes would be the first thing I'd want to do," Jensen admitted.

"I have no problem with that," Jared said. "You know that I love food. And eating food."

Jensen grinned, nodding. "Absolutely...and then we'll both be on the same level with the cooking duties."

"Just as long as we switch off who cleans out the dishwasher. Cause that sucks," Jared said.

"Agreed," Jensen said without hesitation. He hated the chore as much as Jared, but was willing to share it if they shared the cooking duties.

"What's your most favorite thing to do that's considered a chore?" Jared asked,

Jensen blushed, ducked his head and mumbled, "dusting."

Jared chuckled and said, "I like vacuuming. It's peaceful. And I play games with the vacuum."

Chuckling, Jensen nodded and lost some of the blush. "It's kinda nice."

"And we can do it in tandem. Clean the house day- you dust and I vacuum." Jared wiggled his hips and said, "It'll be fun."

"I'm not sure it'll be 'fun', but it'll certainly make cleaning the house less of a drag," Jensen said, bumping into Jared's hip with his own.

"Aw c'mon, it'll be fun!" Jared said. "We can have a reward at the end of the day." He leered at Jensen, eyes dark with lust.

Jensen shivered and leered back, licking his lips. "I like the sound of that at the end of the day...we get our best desserts if things are done."

"Oh heck yeah," Jared said with a grin. "And the harder we work... the harder we can play."

"Even better," Jensen agreed. "That might have us doing a lot more than basic cleaning on a regular basis."

"Our place will sparkle. Not a speck of dirt and dust anywhere," Jared said. "But our bed will be a wreck and ruin."

Jensen grinned. "Yeah, I think that's about right...perfect for the two of us."

"We'll buy a California mattress with like the most heavy duty headboard and support ever," Jared said. "And maybe pad the walls."

"And move the headboard to a wall without neighbors," Jensen added, conscious that if Jared thinks it needs padding, then it needs to be away from their neighbors.

"Oh, yeah. Good thinking. Not just cause of the headboard though. I'll be trying to get you as loud as possible, and you know I'm not exactly quiet," Jared said.

Jensen shook his head. "That is very true; neither of us are all that quiet."

Jared covered his mouth over an absurd laugh and bumped Jensen gently again. "We're going to be as loud as possible. All the time."

"I like the sound of that...as loud as possible, as often as possible." Jensen nuzzled Jared's cheek and curled in closer to his side.

"How much further do you want to walk?" Jared asked. "I mean...bed is sounding better and better."

"Coulda been done walking awhile ago," Jensen said and did an about-face with Jared in his arms.

Jared laughed and turned with him, double-timing back to their cars. "Yours or mine?"

"Yours so we can bed the babies down for the night," Jensen responded instantly. Much as he loved the dogs, his place wasn't entirely set up for them without pre-planning.

Jared grinned and scooped Jensen into a kiss. "I'll rush and have them done before you even get there."

Jensen wrapped himself around Jared's shoulder, melting into the kiss. "Fuck, yeah okay...I'm gonna stop quick to grab my overnight bag and I’ll be over."

"Mmm, can you bring that set of glasses that makes you look kinda nerdy?" Jared asked, a little embarrassed, but totally turned on by the idea.

"Yeah, I'll bring 'em," Jensen said with a soft chuckle. He'd noticed Jared's enjoyment of them before and wore them more often than his other pair when Jared was over.

"There's something about you in them," Jared said, ducking his head. "You look... edible."

Jensen grinned. "Okay, any other requests?" He stroked his hand up and down Jared's arm.

"Don't be too long," Jared said and kissed him softly. "I'll be waiting."

"Got it," Jensen said with a wink before handing Jared's blanket to him and then hoping into his own car. Since he'd started spending a number of nights at Jared's place, Jensen had put together a few overnight bag set ups that would make it quick and easy. He made a quick sweep of the house for anything else he'd need for the next day, Jensen grabbed his glasses and headed back out the door and over to Jared's.

Jared drove home as fast as possible within the law, rushed to get the dogs out to do their business and then back in to sweep the apartment and make sure nothing too gross was out. And then he waited.

Tossing his bag over his shoulder, Jensen walked up to Jared's door and knocked lightly. He rocked back on his heels and smiled, looking forward to another night with his boyfriend and wondering again if it was too soon to recommend they combine their households.

Jared opened the door quickly, since he'd been hovering right by it, smiled at the sight of Jensen and pulled him inside and into a kiss. Waving his hand in the direction of the door, he finally managed to close it without parting their mouths.

Jensen tossed his bag to the side without breaking the kiss, sliding into Jared's arms with a hum and a happy sigh.

"Hey you," Jared said and sucked lightly on Jensen's full lower lip. "You want a drink or anything?"

"Maybe some water," Jensen said, tangling his fingers in the hair at the base of Jared's head.

"Good idea. I'm thinking you may need to replenish your fluids a lot tonight." Jared turned bright red and coughed into a hand. "Okay, please forget I ever said something that 70s pornish."

Jensen laughed, holding onto Jared and almost crying through his giggles. "Love you, Jay...you can get away with stuff like that like no one I've ever known." He kissed Jared hard. "But, yes, I'd like some water."

Unable to help himself, Jared began to laugh, too, and held Jensen tight to him. "Yeah. Let's get you some. And maybe a cookie for me."

"I'll take a cookie, too," Jensen said, letting Jared lead him through to the kitchen.

"I have deluxe chocolate chip with M&M’s in them," Jared said. "Cause you can never have enough candy."

Jensen shook his head. "No...you never can," Jensen said with a laugh.

"Or Jensen," Jared added. He pulled out the cookies and helped himself to one, before grabbing glasses for the water. "The dogs are all taken care of and away for the night."

"I was wondering. They don't usually let me come in without more of a greeting." Jensen grabbed a cookie and sat at the island in Jared's kitchen.

Jared moved to stand between Jensen's legs and traced a hand down his spine. "Didn't want them getting all worked up."

Jensen wrapped his legs around Jared's and pulled him in closer. "Hmmmm, true...that does make it a much longer process."

Jared clasped Jensen's hips and leaned forward to kiss him. Distracted by his neck, he nipped his way down the length instead. "Tastes good. Want more."

"You always want more," Jensen chuckled, head tipping to the side so Jared has the room to nibble and lick.

"Feed my habit," Jared affirmed, biting down at the join of neck and shoulder. "Make me even more addicted."

Jensen shuddered, body shaking and rocking against Jared's while he panted out the immediate jolt of pleasure.

"You always like the biting," Jared said with satisfaction. "Mmm. Maybe I can be a vampire for Halloween this year. Just suck your neck until you're squirming from it."

"We won't be getting very far if you spend your time sucking and biting my neck," Jensen said, grabbing Jared's shirt at his ribs and pulled him even closer.

"We won't be getting very far if you spend your time sucking and biting my neck," Jensen said, grabbing Jared's shirt at his ribs and pulled him even closer.

"Really? You don't think you could get off with me sucking at your neck?" Jared asked. He traced over the jugular with delicate fingers.

Laughing, Jensen shook his head. "That's not what I meant. I meant we wouldn't get far on Halloween if all you were doing was biting me."

"I'd be all right with that," Jared said with a grin. He nuzzled Jensen's cheek and then kissed a spot under his left ear.

"Hmmm, so would I," Jensen admitted. He stroked his hands up and down Jared's back and wrapped his legs tighter around Jared's hips.

"I never drink- wine," Jared said in a goofy accent and then sucked on Jensen's neck, feeling his pulse beating against his tongue.

"Yeah," Jensen moaned, tilting his head harder to the side.

"You'd be the first to go in a vampire movie," Jared rumbled. "You'd run right up to him and go, 'suck me first!'"

Jensen snorted. "Only if he looked like you."

Beaming at the compliment, Jared slid his grip so he was cupping Jensen around the ass and hauled him off the counter. Mock-staggering under the weight, he headed for the bedroom. "I'm only to happy to suck you."

Chuckling at Jared's show of strength, Jensen tightened his arms around Jared's neck and nuzzled at his throat. He nipped and suck, licked and moaned into Jared's ear while he was walked toward the bedroom. "I love when you suck me."

Jared worked hard not to walk into any walls while being distracted by Jensen's voice and mouth. He carefully dumped him on the bed and then flopped right over him, catching his mouth. Humming through the kiss, he asked," May I open your jeans, pull you out and suck you dry then?"

Jensen melted into the kiss, opening his mouth to Jared and bracing himself up on his elbows. "Fuck yeah, Jay. Anytime."

Jared slid down the bed, grabbed Jensen's jeans and fumbled them open, eager and needy. He exposed Jensen's cock and spent a moment just admiring the length, even while his fingers trailed in Jensen's pubic hair.

Fighting the desire to tip his head and moan, Jensen forced himself to keep his eyes on Jared. "You going to tease me?"

"Yes," Jared said, but wrapped a hand around Jensen's length and slid his mouth happily over the tip, Closing his eyes, he sucked as he would on a lollipop, savoring the flavor just as much.

"Of course you are," Jensen moaned, forcing his eyes to stay on Jared even while he was being teased.

"You're so hot," Jared said, pulling off with a wet pop. He licked just at the slit, even as his hand took up the slack and lazily jacked Jensen. "Still wearing everything, but with your cock being sucked."

Jensen chuckled. "You like me like this."

"I like you like everything," Jared said and sucked Jensen back down. He bobbed his head a few times, slow and smooth.

Moaning, Jensen rocked his hips up slightly, pushing himself into Jared's mouth. "Good thing I like you like everything too."

Jared purred around Jensen's cock and pulled off, leaving a trail slick behind. "You better." He nibbled down the vein on the underside of Jensen's sock and nosed up against his boxers. "Smell good."

"Yeah?" Jensen asked, eyebrow arching. He'd not been able to get cleaned up for Jared after work and before their date. "Love when you touch me."

Jared licked a wet stripe up to the tip of Jensen's cock and then slid right back down, taking all of him inside his mouth. Pressing his nose into the soft boxer material, he waited a moment to get used to having that much in his mouth.

Jensen brought his hand to the back of Jared's head and tangled his fingers there. He dropped his other hand on Jared's shoulder, squeezed and stroked his thumb up and down the side of Jared's throat.

Jared felt comfortable enough to move and took up a slow rhythm up and down. He took hold of Jensen's hips and squeezed them in time to his motions. Up. Down. Up. Down. Squeeze. Release. Squeeze. Release.

Watching as long as he could, Jensen fought against the growing need to thrust and rock his hips. "Please Jay, don't tease."

Jared pulled off and looked up, eyes shot. "Didn't mean to. Wasn't trying to."

"I know...god, I know you weren't," Jensen said, stroking his thumb over Jared's mouth. "But you tease me so easily because I need you so much."

Jared nodded and said, "I'll try to do better for you then." He took a deep breath and then swallowed all of Jensen again. He sped up his movements, trying to give Jensen what he needed.

"Oh Christ," Jensen moaned, head falling back hard and bodying arching hard. He lifted his hips, rocked himself up into Jared's mouth.

Jared sucked eagerly and accepted Jensen's thrusts. He found the right way to move so that Jensen could slip as deep as possible without choking him. And every now and then, he added a flash of teeth.

"Fuck Jared, your mouth," Jensen moaned, dropping himself into the pillows of the bed and grabbing at the sheets.

Jared grinned a little at the words, since that was exactly what Jensen was doing. He spread his big hands wider over Jensen's slender hips, fingers digging into his ass.

Twisting his head, Jensen rocked his hips gently up. He knew, well enough, that Jared would stop him if it was too much, so Jensen lost himself in the sensations. "So good, God Jay," he moaned.

Jared wiggled some long fingers underneath his bobbing head and found Jensen's balls. He stroked them teasingly, before tugging them away from his body, trying to prolong the time to his release.

Whimpers and moans were all Jensen could offer up when Jared started to tug on his balls. His whole body was on fire, aching for his release even though Jensen knew enough to realize that Jared was teasing him even more.

Jared moved his hand back to the base of Jensen's cock and began to work his mouth and hand in tandem. He pulled off the end and just let his hand do that work for a moment to ease his aching jaw, before he began nibbling and working the head again. "So hot, Jen. Gonna come for me?"

"Fuck yeah," Jensen moaned, whimpering when Jared slid his teeth over the head one last time. He arched hard, body shaking while he spurted all over Jared.

Jared gasped and slid his mouth back over Jensen's spurting cock to drink him down. He swallowed until the last bit disappeared and then released Jensen with a hearty sigh. "Now, that's dessert."

Chuckling on a gasping breath, Jensen reached out and tangled his fingers in Jared's hair. "Love you," he whispered, eyes closed and body still heaving with aftershocks.

Jared pulled himself back and tugged Jensen's pants and boxers off completely. He lifted Jensen's shirt and encouraged him to move his arms, so it would slide off. Finally having Jensen spread naked beneath him, he latched on to his pulse point and sucked, hard.

Jensen struggled to help Jared remove all of his clothing, his limbs lethargic after the amazing orgasm. Once he was naked, Jensen wrapped himself around Jared, moaning again at the suction on his throat. "Jay," he whimpered.

"I want to make love to your body and then spill all over you," Jared purred.

"Yeah, want that," Jensen moaned. He tugged Jared in closer, nuzzling along his jaw and down his throat.

Jared sought and captured Jensen's mouth, demanding his tongue and sharing their mingled flavors. He reached down to curve along Jensen's perfect ass with light fingertips.

"Want you inside me, Jay, please," Jensen all but begged his lover for more.

Jared shivered and pressed a kiss to Jensen's breastbone, feeling his heart hammering below. "Inside you."

"Inside me," Jensen repeated, hands tangling in Jared's hair and tugging him up for a heated kiss.

"My tongue? My fingers? My fist? My cock? All of the above?" Jared asked, flash of heat and tease in his eyes.

Jensen moaned while the thoughts of those possibilities flashed through his mind. "Fuck, god...yes, any of it...all of it, please."

"Maybe I better lube you up first then," Jared purred. "Every part of me is big. Need to stretch you wide and gaping."

"You're huge, Jay...all of you," Jensen agreed, reaching down to his legs and pulling himself back and slightly open for Jared.

Jared gulped at the sight of Jensen trying to make himself more open. He leaned in to press sucking kiss to each side of tender thighs. "So sweet."

"Want you," Jensen said. "C'mon Jay, please."

Jared chuckled and nosed beneath Jensen's balls. He lavished several moments attention to his perineum, tongue sweeping over the area in as broad and wet strokes as were possible.

Jensen used both hands to spread himself wider, rolling more onto his back so that he Jared could concentrate on his ass. "Love your mouth."

Jared gripped Jensen's ass and spread the cheeks apart. He smiled at the small ring of muscle exposed to view and mouth. Pressing forward, he managed to nibble a little at the pink.

Tipping his head up, Jensen tried to watch Jared between his thighs.

Jared lifted his head and grinned at Jensen. "Like that? You're being all quiet up there."

"You're trying to kill me, aren't you?" Jensen whined at Jared, dropping back to the bed though he continued to hold himself open.

"Awww, I would never try to kill you," Jared said. "Then who would I play with?" He licked a warm stripe over Jensen's hole.

Jensen huffed out a laugh. "Not me if you kill me with unsatisfied desire."

Laughing softly, Jared pulled back and stood up. "Guess I better get undressed then. Not much I can do fully clothed."

"Oh fuck," Jensen moaned, dropping his legs to the bed and turning to watch Jared get undressed. "Didn't even realize you were still clothed."

"I got all caught up in sucking you off and forgot to even think about getting undressed," Jared said. "I'm so hard, my jeans are about to constrict my cock."

Jensen pushed himself up on the mattress, crawling to Jared. "I can see that," he murmured, reaching out and cupping a hand around the hardness pressing against Jared's zipper.

Jared groaned and pressed into Jensen's hand, hissing a little. "I could come just from your touch alone."

"I love that you can," Jensen admitted, squeezing Jared firmly and stroking him twice before attacking the button and zipper on Jared's jeans.

Jared groaned and then began wrestling out of his shoes, shirt and pants. "Oh, fuck, yeah, Jen."

Jensen tugged the jeans down Jared's hips, shoving the material until it was bunched up and he could stroke Jared through the satiny silk of his boxers.

"Fuck," Jared muttered and danced out of range, nearly falling over his jeans. He kicked them off wildly and then pounced on Jensen.

Laughing at Jared's antics, Jensen fell back on the bed when Jared landed on top of him. He wrapped his arms around Jared and then lifted his hips to cradle Jared's against him. "Fuck," he echoed.

"Mine," Jared said. "Love you, Jen. So much." He sucked a finger into his mouth and made it wet until it glistened, before he reached down to trace over the crack of his ass.

Jensen opened his thighs even wider so that Jared could touch him. "Love you too...so glad you're mine."

"Such mush we talk," Jared said. "I want to be so far in you I can't tell which one of us is which."

"Sounds good to me," Jensen agreed, digging his hands in Jared's back and pulling him in close.

Jared kissed Jensen softly and whispered, "I shoulda grabbed the stuff before I jumped back on you. I don't wanna get up."

Jensen moaned, arching up into another heated kiss. "It's not in your nightstand?" he asked, rocking his hips up and thrusting against Jared's.

Jared groaned and dipped down for a kiss, enjoying a long stay. "Yeah. In the drawer."

"Okay, not too far, then," he murmured, reaching out with one hand and making aborted, half-hearted attempts at reaching the lube.

Jared giggled against Jensen's neck, as his arm stretched in the general vicinity of the nightstand. "I don't want to move from you either." He nibbled down the tendon on Jensen's neck.

Jensen moaned, tipping his head to the side. "We need the lube...no way I can take you dry, Jay."

"I could just come by rutting all over you," Jared said. "That'd be okay. Just rub all over your body."

"Oh fuck yeah," Jensen agreed, arching his body under Jared and thrusting their cocks into each other's hips. "Plenty of come to slick the way if you do that."

"You really are planning a party for tonight," Jared said with a grin.

"Just following your lead, Jay," Jensen teased, knowing Jared was easily as up for it as he was. He pulled Jared down into a deep, dirty kiss.

Jared kicked and wiggled out of his boxers without parting his mouth from Jensen's. He found a comfortable place to rub against Jensen's right leg, letting the friction increase his desire. "As you say then, fuck yeah."

Jensen moaned. Part of him couldn't believe they were actually going to do it, but the other part was flying high with desire. He couldn't wait to feel Jared coming all over him and then using it to slick his way so that he could fuck into Jensen's body.

Jared rolled off to the mattress and urged Jensen to his side. "Want to fuck between your legs. Then I can just push it right inside you."

Moaning again, Jensen nodded his head. He lifted his upper leg and rested it over Jared's hip while reaching down to guide Jared between his thighs. Jensen stroked his hand down Jared's back and held on tight.

Jared pressed into the inviting warmth and kissed the nape of Jensen's neck, humming contentment. He stroked Jensen's chest, pinching each nipple, before settling his hand over Jensen's abdomen and thrusting lightly. "Yeah, like that."

Jensen rocked his hips back against Jared, bringing his leg back down so that Jared was enclosed even tighter between his thighs. He arched his head back, resting it against Jared's shoulder while he panted.

"You getting hard again for me?" Jared murmured, reaching down to find Jensen's cock and coax it with soft strokes. "You feel soo good around me. Warm velvet."

"Always get hard for you, Jay," Jensen moaned, rocking his hips slightly into Jared's grip.

"We make each other like teenagers again," Jared murmured, still rocking easily into Jensen. "Hair triggered and ready to go again with barely a pause."

"S'true," Jensen agreed. "No one but you has ever been able to make me feel like this." He arched his back a little, thrusting and rubbing his ass against Jared's hips.

Jared latched on to Jensen's nape with his teeth and rutted harder between his legs. He held Jensen's cock loosely in one fist, letting him thrust into it without being able to come that way. His own release burgeoned, his prior waiting and the perfection of Jensen's body driving him higher.

"Yeah, fuck yeah Jay, please," Jensen shuddered at the primal way that Jared bit him and rutted against his body.

Jared loved hos Jensen responded when he acted even the slightest bit wild. He shut his eyes and focused solely on the pleasure between his legs and the scent of Jensen. With a last few thrusts that shook them both, he spilled between Jensen's legs.

Jensen moaned low when Jared's come splashed between his thighs, leaving him wet and sticky and covered in his lover's release. "God yeah, Jay...feels so good."

Jared released Jensen's neck with a light shake of his head. He reached between them to scoop some of his release on a finger and began to push it right inside Jensen's small hole. "No sense letting it get cool."

Shivering, Jensen arched his back and pressed further onto Jared's finger. "Fuck yeah...just like that, Jay," he whimpered.

"Tight, Jen," Jared said, sliding back for better access. He gathered more of his release and stretched Jensen with it. "And hot. Like a volcano inside."

"So big, Jay," Jensen murmured. "Want to feel you stretch me so wide open."

"Look so pretty with my fingers in you. Want to be on your stomach, so I can reach better?" Jared asked. He traced the knobs of Jensen's spine with his free hand.

Jensen nodded, rolling himself away from Jared and raising his hips up. He wanted Jared inside him, as deep and far inside him as possible, so he spread his legs and braced himself for Jared's touches.

Jared rolled with Jensen and leaned down to tongue over the crease just above his ass and then spread his cheeks wide and went to town for a moment. Sighing regretfully, he returned to using his come as lubricant inside Jensen, one long finger at a time.

"Yeah," Jensen moaned, reaching down to help Jared keep him spread open. "Fucking love the way you lick my ass, Jay."

"Love how you taste," Jared said. "And feel." He pressed two fingers into Jensen, slicked with his release. "I may need some lube, too. Not sure this will be enough."

"Just need you inside me," Jensen said, rocking his hips backward onto Jared's fingers.

"Pushy," Jared mock-scolded and delivered a sharp slap to Jensen's right buttock.

Jensen shuddered out a breath, his body shaking from the sensation. "Jesus," he moaned, going still and looking over his shoulder at Jared with huge, pleading eyes. "Need you."

Jared frowned a little, not sure Jensen was ready. "Are you sure?" he asked, scrabbling across the bed to get into the nightstand. He had to slick his erection, which was already throbbing and ready again.

"Yes, please," Jensen begged, arching his back and thrusting his ass in the air again.

Jared moaned at the sight and the way Jensen begged. "All right," he murmured, trying to soothe, and rubbed the red spot on Jensen's ass gently. He carefully rolled a condom on and slicked up his cock, lingering a moment as his eyes were drawn again to the fine sight of Jensen. "Fuck. Okay." He tossed the lube to the floor and scooted closer.

Jensen dropped his hands to the bed, bracing himself for Jared's thrust. "Wanna feel you," he moaned.

Jared blew out a hot breath, lined himself up with the tiny-looking ring and pressed in. There was a moment where nothing moved and then he felt himself slip that first heady inch. "Fuck. Tight. Are you all right?" he gasped.

"Yeah," Jensen moaned, head dropping to the bed while he arched his back. Jared was splitting him wide, leaving him burning and stretching to accommodate Jared inside him.

"Okaaaaaaay," Jared said on a long exhale and pressed even deeper. The channel was hot and not as slick as he was used to, but that only seemed to stimulate him more. "Fucking Hell, Jen."

"Good?" Jensen asked, gasping when the burn got just that little bit more intense.

"Yeah," Jared panted. "So good." He caught Jensen's hips tight in his big hands, squeezing hard enough to bruise. "Can barely move."

Jensen panted softly. "Yeah, feels fucking huge, Jay. So much bigger than your normal huge dick."

"Don't want to hurt you," Jared gritted out. He was frozen, every instinct telling himt o push in more, but his mind and heart telling him to pull out and get the lube.

"Go on," Jensen urged Jared. "Slow and easy, Jay. I can take it."

Jared bared his teeth and pressed deeper, musky sweat trickling down his body. He reached under Jensen to find his cock and play with the length. "Nearly in... maybe."

Jensen shook, his body trembling in Jared's hand, cock responding almost instantly to get harder and closer to his orgasm. "Fuck, Jay. Love you so much," he moaned, pushing himself back so that Jared slid all the way inside.

Jared growled and had to think of the least appealing things possible to avoid shooting right then and there. Jensen did that to him every time. Taking a moment to cool down a little and adjust, while still stroking Jensen's erection, he finally slid a little way back and then in again.

Moaning, Jensen rocked himself into Jared's body. He loved the way that he could take Jared immediately to the edge just by pushing back into Jared's hips. "Love the way you feel inside me, Jay."

"Nothing feels better," Jared agreed, panting as he picked up momentum. "My Jensen." He met every thrust of Jensen's with equal, if not greater, force.

"Yeah, just like that," Jensen whimpered, head dropping forward while he rocked back into Jared.

Jared looked down at Jensen's head and frowned a little. With a grunt, he yanked himself all the way out, laid five stinging smacks over the back of Jensen's ass and then slammed back in.

"Fuck!" Jensen screamed, his body going rigid with Jared's sudden change. He moaned, his cock throbbing and aching to come while his ass radiated heat.

"You like that," Jared said with a satisfied nip at Jensen's neck. "Have to try laying you across my lap and spanking you until you come."

Jensen moaned low at the words, his body responding instantly to the mere idea of Jared doing just that. "Fuck," he whimpered, tipping his head down so Jared could nibble at him even more.

"So close," Jared groaned, fretting a little that Jensen was Hell on his stamina. He pulled out again and pressed back in more slowly, trying to cool down.

"Yeah, so good, Jay," Jensen moaned. "Wanna feel you come inside me. Need it."

"Will you wait to come until I say?" Jared demanded. "Will you wait until I'm done. Tell me!" Hips picking up speed, he nearly crushed Jensen to him with each move.

Jensen groaned, nodding wildly into the pillow and tearing at the sheets on either side of him. He'd do anything Jared wanted, anything he said. "Yes," he choked out, bracing himself for all of Jared's thrusts.

Jared bottomed out with a cry and felt his orgasm all the way down to his toes. Bracing himself against Jensen, he felt everything inside him rattle around with the ferocity of this second climax. When he finally stopped, his brains felt scrambled and his body wilted.

Clamping down around Jared's body, Jensen fought back his looming orgasm. He closed his eyes, panted and trembled in place until Jared collapsed on top of him and melted him into the bed.

Jared pressed his face into Jensen's warm skin as he relearned how to breathe. When his body stopped trembling through aftershocks and relaxed a little, he eased out and rolled on his side next to Jensen. "On your back," he ordered softly.

Jensen rolled onto his back, turning his head to smile softly at Jared. "Good?" he asked, knowing that Jared enjoyed himself.

"Very good," Jared said. He scooted closer, until their sides touched, reached out and ran a finger up and down Jensen's cock. 
"Are you close?"

"So close, Jay, need to come so bad," Jensen groaned, writhing against the bed and trying desperately to not just thrust himself into Jared's hand.

"You're so amazing," Jared murmured, still just lightly touching Jensen. "Don't want to torture you too much, huh?" He tightened his fist around Jensen and began to stroke firmly. "Not yet."

Jensen shuddered out a breath, his protest at being tortured any more dying on his lips when Jared's large hand enclosed his cock and stroked him steadily. "God, yes...so good, Jay."

"Shoot for me, Jen. Make yourself all delicious and messy for me," Jared purred, watching his face. "Gonna be so pretty when you come."

"Yeah, god, Jay," Jensen let himself go, sinking into the sensations of Jared's hand on his cock and within seconds he was spurting all over Jared's hand and his own chest.

Jared milked Jensen dry and even then continued to stroke a little, unable to help himself. He loved the way Jensen's face twisted in orgasm, helpless and open. "Love you so much, Jen," he said.

Jensen twisted and jerked, body reacting with increasing shocks from the amount of sensation pouring through him from Jared's touches. "Fuck," he moaned, body finally convulsing again before he pushed Jared's hand from his cock.

Jared released Jensen when he was pushed away, but threaded their fingers together. "That was amazing. You're amazing. So sexy."

"Sexier with you," Jensen said, tightening their fingers together and bringing Jared's to his lips for a kiss.

Jared hitched himself even closer and kissed Jensen's forehead, before snuggling close. "Should clean up," he said through a yawn. "You wiped me out."

Jensen huffed out a laugh. He wasn't moving any time soon. "Think we wore each other out," he whispered, brushing a kiss over Jared's cheek.

"But oh so good," Jared said, throwing a leg over Jensen's and sliding so he could kiss him easily. "We can shower when we get up."

"Sounds good me to me," Jensen murmured, snuggling into Jared's side and huffing out a soft breath.

"By the way, this was like the best Valentine's day ever," Jared said.

"Yeah?" Jensen asked with a goofy smile. "Me too."

"So, I'd kind of like to ask you to move in with me right now," Jared said. "Or me in with you, if that works better. Or we could find a place. Just as long as we're together."

Jensen blinked, forced his eyes open and his brain back online. He'd been about ready to fall asleep when Jared dropped his thoughts in the open. "Live together?" he asked, cautiously. Jensen wanted that, thought they were ready, but he was surprised to hear that Jared felt the same.

Jared smiled sleepily at Jensen and said, "I know, it's a lot to think about. Especially right now. But sleep on it."

"I want that...I want us to have a home together," Jensen said in a rush, not wanting Jared to think he was hesitant or unsure.

"A home together," Jared said and smiled even brighter. "Yeah. 'S what I always wanted."

"Yeah?" Jensen asked, still a bit surprised. "We should look and find somewhere new...somewhere that's just us together."

"Where we can get your cats and the dogs have lots of room," Jared said. "And maybe a full length mirror on the bedroom ceiling."

Jensen laughed, delighted at Jared's immediate acceptance of the idea. "Our own little family."

"We should get you a little, snuggly calico and name her Patches." Jared nodded happily at the idea. "Or Ragamuffin."

"Cats earn their names when you pick them out...let's not get too attached to a name," Jensen said with a grin.

"Okay," Jared said, eyes at half-mast. He nibbled on Jensen's ear lightly and then pressed his face close, snuffling. "Night now."

Jensen snuggled in close again. "Night," he said softly. "Love you."