Out here on the eastern seaboard, it seems like everything is old, and this secret, quiet place is no exception. No longer filled with the rustling scents of death and decay, instead the night air carries the lighter, more comforting smell of dusty stone, and the heavy loam of the earth, and the clean, sharp green of growing things. The metal bars, which used to ring the cemetery, have rusted and lie in disjointed jumbles on every side. Some of the headstones are missing; others have been so worn and weathered by the elements that only the general cut of the stone remains.

It’s one of these crumbling remnants that Dean kneels by now. When he puts his hand on the rough, pitted surface of the marker, there’s no knowing whose life it was meant to commemorate. Anyone could be lying beneath the weed-choked ground—man or woman, boy or girl. Hell, for all Dean knows, this is one of those weird pet cemetery places and he’s kneeling beside a tomb meant for Fido or Fluffy.

But he thinks not. It’s too still here, beneath the tall pines. Too hushed. No, someone buried a wife here long ago, or a son.

Someone buried a brother.

Dean gives his head a sharp shake. He came here to get away from that morbid train of thought, damn it; crept out from the motel room in the dark, deep of night in search of release. He left Sam sleeping, and the cougar. Carried Geri with him, as always, but the wolf's thoughts are silent with slumber as well, and to all intents and purposes, Dean was alone on his run past the rustic cabins standing at the town's edges. He entered this forest companionless, found this forgotten boneyard on his own.

These days, it seems like he can’t turn around without tripping over Sam. Every time he frowns, Sam tenses and starts giving off that anxious, vinegary scent that leaves Dean's stomach even tighter and more unhappy than it was before. If he's silent for too long, if he doesn't do a good enough job of pretending that it's okay—that he's okay—then Sam responds with a suffocating, silent concern that gets under Dean's skin and makes him want to snap and snarl.

And then there's the way Sam is always watching him, like Dean's going to slit his wrists with the fucking car keys if Sam turns his back for a second. Dean has enough trouble getting through the day without Sam treating him like he's on goddamned suicide watch.

Sam doesn't mean to—Dean knows he doesn't—but the constant care and unwavering worry are akin to having one of Sam's oversized thumbs digging into an open wound. Bastard's continually prodding at all of Dean's weak spots. He keeps bumbling around and jarring memories loose.

Fuck, Sam isn't even here right now, but just the thought of him seems to be enough, because Dean can feel his past surfacing now, coming at him him too quickly and solidly for him to even try ducking out of the way ...

Chest straining. Water pressing down from all sides. String of bubbles rising in front of his eyes. Dean’s fingers curl in the metal grating that brushes the surface of the water, keeping him under, keeping him from bursting through to the surface like he needs to. His throat and lungs are burning, and he hates it almost as much as he hates the panic; hates the building certainty that his body is going to betray him again, is going to open his mouth and force him to inhale and it’s going to taste like water on his tongue but it’ll feel like acid when it hits his lungs, oh yes it will—

Geri stirs inside of him, shifting with a muted whine, and somehow Dean manages to wrench himself free from the memory. He forces himself to breathe—careful reminder that he’s surrounded by air now, and that the tank is long gone. As Geri settles back into fitful sleep, Dean slowly withdraws his fingers from the headstone and stares at the deep gouges he made in its surface.

It doesn’t look like anything but what it is—looks like someone put their hand on the flat surface and dug their fingers into the stone—and Dean feels a tiny, bitter throb of amusement at the thought of a hiker finding this place and trying to figure out what sort of creature could have handled solid rock as though it weren't any more substantial than wet clay.

The path he took to come here is downwind of the cemetery, and that's the only reason Sam gets as close as he does—close enough for Dean to hear twigs snapping and leaves crunching beneath his brother's (mate's) weight—before he notices. He starts to stand as the unexpected intrusion registers, and then his brother’s voice says, “Deanmate.”

Not Sam at all, then.

“Get lost, furball,” Dean mutters, sinking back down into a crouch and keeping his back fully turned on his unwanted company.

“I will not leave you alone like this,” the cougar replies, and Dean stiffens as he hears it move Sam’s body closer.

His skin crawls at the thought of being moved like that. Of something using his body so very, very thoroughly.

It’s hard enough, most times, just sharing space in his head with Geri. He knows that, in a lot of ways, Geri is part of him now, but he just—every time he considers allowing the wolf the kind of control that Sam seems to have no problem offering his own passenger, his chest gets suffocatingly tight and his stomach turns. And even if he immediately shoves the possibility way down into the dark where it belongs, Dean knows what he’ll dream when he goes to sleep that night.

It’s always their hands his subconscious focuses on, for some reason. Rough, masculine fingers or slender, feminine ones. Hands that are old and boney; younger grips, thick with excess weight. Hands of all shapes and sizes sliding over his skin and holding him down. Hands caressing his chest, or doing their best to dig dark bruises into his arms and thighs. Hands guiding his head where they want it, hands thumbing his mouth open, hands nudging his hips into motion or pushing his legs open.

Hands controlling him as though he didn’t have a mind or desires of his own. Like he wasn’t anything but the expensive sex toy Vincent billed him as.

On the worst nights, it’s just one hand—a single touch on Dean’s head, fingers stroking through his hair. The fingers are slender and the palm uncalloused, but there’s surprising strength lurking behind the casual brush. It’s Vincent’s hand—Dean would recognize it anywhere—and the possessive petting is in praise of a job well done. Or maybe it’s the promise of punishment for his latest disobedience.

Dean never did learn to distinguish the difference between the two caresses, if there ever was one in the first place.

“I do not like the way you smell,” the cougar says, breaking in on Dean’s thoughts a second time. If he turns his head to the side he’ll be able to see it looking out at him from Sam’s eyes, maybe wearing one of Sam’s expressions.

Dean thinks about coming back with something pithy and cutting—talk about your openings for a smart-mouthed retort—but it isn't worth the energy it would take to come up with a joke.

“Does Sam know you’re using him like that?” he says instead.

The cougar’s scent goes wounded and sad—crushed mint mingled with the copper of blood—and the smell goes straight to Dean's heart. Fucking cat is wearing Sam’s scent along with his body, and that means that he can’t help the knee jerk response that floods him with shamed guilt. But he can and does ignore the instinctual urge to go over there and rest a comforting hand on Sam’s wrist.

Forcing the impulse down, Dean hunches his shoulders and makes his back a forbidding, hostile barrier between them.

After a long, stiff moment where Dean can feel the cougar looking at him, the cougar says, “It is different between your littermate and I. Sam was not hurt as you have been.”

Dean’s heart beats faster—he’s not fucking talking about that—and he bites out, “Go to hell.”

“I have been there,” the cougar replies, still in that soft, careful voice. “And seen such sights as I would unsee. But that was many seasons past, and the hurts have eased.” Its voice carries far too much meaning for Dean’s liking when it adds, “There is healing in distance and the passage of time. What pains remain, they have been lessened through sharing.”

Sharing with Sam, Dean guesses it means, and doesn’t know that he likes hearing that the oversized housecat has been filling Sam’s head with that shit. Sam has been through enough without having the cougar’s crap heaped on his shoulders. He doesn’t need the damned cat adding to his issues.

Doesn’t need Dean piling on his own load, either.

Not that that’s why Dean hasn’t been talking. It’s just none of Sam’s fucking business, that's all.

“There is no shame in being hurt,” the cougar says.

Dean’s jaw clenches. His chest pulls tight and sore—violently enough that he has to reach out and balance himself against the headstone.

It’s the cougar’s fault for saying dumb shit like that, for fucking lying. Dean knows it's lying because there is, there’s a lot of fucking shame. Dean let it happen, he let himself get caught and he let Vincent’s clients do vile, disgusting things to his body. He bloodied himself up for the man; he put people into the ground—lots of them—because he was too weak to keep saying no until Vincent killed him for it.

::Would not have killed. Would have hurt Sammymate,:: Geri puts in, and Dean starts—he was too lost in his own thoughts to feel the wolf waking.

I should have found a way to end it myself, then, he thinks back.

But of course Geri’s been through all of Dean’s memories by now—the whole fucked up, tangled knot of his time in the Arena—and the wolf immediately replies, ::Tried.::

Dean gets an image along with the word—one of what felt like a hundred futile attempts—his wrist bloodied and mangled, his own blood slick and hot on his lips and tongue and staining his teeth. But that was back when he was still weak and unused to pain, and he passed out before he could do the other one. Woke up in one of the medical rooms with an IV in his arm and his wrist bandaged and Vincent’s hand on his head.

I should have tried harder, he thinks as the memory fades away again. He makes every word a warning, pushing Geri back as it tries to snuggle close up beneath his ribcage and, after a brief struggle, the wolf subsides with a soft whine.

“We will not lose you,” the cougar says, and Dean thinks it just means itself and Sam until it continues, “You are outnumbered in this hunt, three to one. We will bring you to ground wherever you run.”

Dean’s lips draw back from his teeth in an unconscious snarl and he gives his head a single shake of denial. He feels cornered—feels the collar back around his neck and cuffs around each wrist and drugs dragging down his system. The back of his neck crawls—Vincent's claim of ownership prickling where it's still inked into his skin.

Filled with anxious, panicked energy, Dean shoots to his feet and spits, “He’ll leave. He always fucking leaves.”

Geri shoots him a tiny pulse of rebuke for the words—the wolf is blindly faithful when it comes to Sam, not to mention stupidly trusting—and Dean thinks the cougar might be about to protest as well so he runs. He sprints through the woods as fast as he can move, trying to outdistance the thing wearing Sam’s body—or maybe it’s himself he’s desperate to leave behind.

But it’s a futile attempt in either case, and finally Dean turns his feet toward the motel, cross and vicious with how shitty he feels. He can't bring himself to slow to human speeds as he enters the town proper, and it's sheer luck that the streets are empty at this time of night. The hinges on the motel door scream in protest as he bursts into the room, heading straight over to his bed and curling up with his back flush to the wall. The solid presence of wood helps calm the drumming fear inside of him, but only a little.

As the cougar follows Dean in more sedately—pushy bitch moves the other bed so that it’s lying in front of the front door, like that’s going to trap Dean here if he wants out—Dean decides he’s had enough of this. Sam is pushing harder and harder as time passes—there hasn't been any actual begging, not yet, but from his brother's looks and fleeting touches, it isn’t hard to guess that Sam wants Dean to spill his guts like a little girl.

And Dean’s going to fold eventually—he can’t possibly stand up under that kind of pressure and everyone knows it.

He might as well do it now. Might as well feed Sam all of the sordid details so that Sam will understand what Dean is and go already. He’ll find someone else, Dean’s sure; that mate-for-life crap can’t possibly apply to someone as fucked up and as used up as he is. Shouldn’t be difficult for Sam to find someone better; someone who hasn't been ridden more than the ferris wheel at Coney Island. Someone who can get through a goddamned blowjob without freaking out like a pussy.

Dean gets that Sam is it for him, though. He gets that he won’t survive Sam leaving him this time. He gets it and he's okay with it. Sure, it’ll hurt like hell for a while, but then it’ll all be over. Everything will be peaceful and quiet and still, just like it was in that cemetery.

Dean’s only regret is that he’s going to take Geri out with him—he can’t do anything else, chained together like they are. He feels guilty about condemning the wolf, which also deserves better, but then again it shouldn’t have been stupid enough to pick someone like him. Anyway, Sammy’s more important than either of them, and Dean knows Geri agrees on that point. He and the wolf are both filled with the same, driving urge to make sure that Sam is happy and safe.

Being with Dean isn’t going to make him either.

But Dean's just selfish enough to want a few more days with Sam, so as he watches the cougar settle his brother's body back into bed, he tells himself, One more week.

They're headed to Nebraska as soon as they're done here—Nebraska by route of Kansas, and there's something extremely fitting about the thought of finishing this there. Oh, it might take a while for Sam to finally see the light, since he can be dense about certain things, but Dean will still know where the end began. Who knows, maybe he'll head back to Lawrence when the time comes.

One last trip to the old homestead before he finds an isolated spot where he can just ... lie down and rest.

When Dean finally shuts his eyes, Hank’s leering face is waiting for him. That's business as usual when Dean's chest feels like it does right now, but tonight, instead of flinching away, Dean stares back. He watches Hank’s mouth smirk as it forms the debasing, scornful words he always loved to toss at Dean.

Tonight, although the words continue to find their mark, Dean’s lips quirk in a bitter smile.

It's almost over.

Soon.