Entry tags: 

double crossing, spangel, spike/lindsey

Double Crossing, 6/8
Title: Double Crossing 
Chapter: 6 of 8 
Pairing: Spike/Lindsey/Angel 
Rating: NC-17 
Warnings: m/m/m, bondage, torture, language 
Summary: Post NFA, Lindsey reappears, asking Spike for help. Trouble ensues. 
Author's Note: This is for faketoysoldier, who asked for S/L/A, karaoke, and the prompts smoke, microphone, cherry, and slip. I hope you like it! It's finished and I'll post updates daily. I'm in a terribly impatient mood, so please let me know if any mistakes slipped by me. Feedback is cherished.

Gorgeous, NSFW banner by blondebitz!

Previous chapters here.

Didn't I say I was impatient? I'll post the last two chapters tomorrow. 

Chapter Six

Wolfram and Hart kept their word.

After what Spike reckoned was three or four days, a tile on the ceiling slid open. A long, slender, black cylinder poked through, there was a muffled bang, and a dart hit Angel in the shoulder. There was nowhere for Spike to go to escape, and he didn’t even try. A dart shot into his chest a moment later.

He woke up bolted to the table, just as before, only this time Angel was standing over him, smoothing back his hair. “Tell me what you want me to do,” Angel whispered. “I’ll agree if you say so.”

“No. Don’t…don’t do it. Please.” Spike couldn’t have articulated why he felt so strongly about this, why he was willing to continue to be tormented rather than give in. He expected it was at least in part because he was terribly stubborn. Always had been, even as a human. He’d never once given in to torture—not from Angelus or Glory or the First—and he wasn’t about to begin now. If anything, the more he was hurt, the more he dug in his heels. On top of that, he didn’t want to be the reason Angel capitulated. Even if they both knew it wasn’t Spike’s fault, Angel would end up resenting him for it, and whatever happened in the end, Spike didn’t want to lose the fragile warmth his grandsire now held for him.

Angel shook his head sadly and bent down to kiss Spike’s forehead.

The screen descended, and there was the usual trio. Spike knew he wasn’t imagining it this time—the corners of Lindsey’s mouth were drawn down and his eyes were deeply shadowed. He looked as if he hadn’t slept in a week.

Braddock repeated his usual spiel. Angel only glowered at the screen. This time, though, Lindsey blurted, “For God’s sake, Angel! Do it! They ain’t gonna give up. They’ll destroy him.”

Braddock smiled nastily at Lindsey, clearly displeased with his outburst. “Thank you for your assistance, Mr. McDonald. You’re quite right. We will break Spike, piece by little piece. Agree and you can keep him as your lover, Angel. Don’t, and all you’ll be left with is a pretty little shell.”

Angel turned his back to the screen and gazed down at Spike’s face. Truthfully, Spike was terrified. But he curled his tongue around his teeth and gave Angel his very best leer, as if he were lying in bed instead of chained to a torture device. Angel used his fingertips to stroke Spike’s face, and continued to caress him even as the agony tore through him, even as he screamed and cried.

Every few days, they were drugged and returned to the larger cell. They both ignored the screen completely now, just waiting for the pain to begin.

Afterwards, when Spike awoke, Angel held him and rubbed his back, and soothed him when he sobbed, and sometimes even sang him quiet little Gaelic lullabies. Spike didn’t tell him that after every session, he felt weaker and weaker, and his hold on his own sanity felt more and more tenuous. The thought of just withdrawing into himself, sinking deeply into some tiny pocket of his own head and never coming out, was becoming increasingly attractive.

In fact, he would have been lost long ago, but for Angel’s comforting acts. They’d make love on the cold, bare floor of their cell, slowly, sweetly, murmuring endearments into each others’ ears. Spike had had sex thousands of times, but it was usually hard and violent. Dru liked to scratch with her fingernails and bite; it was like shagging a tiger, sometimes. Buffy was as likely to swing a fist as to kiss his lips. This was so different that sometimes Spike had to hold back tears at what he had been missing all these years.

After one long session, while they were still entangled with one another, Spike said, “Dust me, Angel.”

Angel lifted his head and frowned. “What?”

“Dust me. Just…twist my head off, yeah? Finally, a fight with me you can win.”

His attempt to bait Angel didn’t work. “What are you talking about?”

“I can’t go on like this, pet.”

Angel drew away and sat up. “I thought…I thought you liked….”

Spike sat too. “I do. I…bloody hell. I love you, all right? I have for ages.”

“For…for how long?”

Spike smiled. “Since the nineteenth century, love.”

“Since the…. Why the hell didn’t you say anything before?”

“I knew you didn’t feel the same way.” He shrugged. “I expected if I told you, you’d stake me. Or just laugh.” That would have been worse than being staked.

“Moron! Of course I felt the same way! Why do you think I didn’t kill you, all those years when you had no soul? Not even when you were stalking Buffy.”

“Well, you bloody well never gave me any hints about it. Those punches you threw at me weren’t exactly love pats, Peaches.”

“How was I supposed to know you loved me, Spike? When you were so goddamn annoying, and calling me names like that. And…and you were evil.”

“I would have been good for you. If you’d asked.”

“Well…fuck.” Angel laughed. “Over a hundred years, and we’ve both been a pair of fucking idiots.”

Spike scooted closer to Angel and rested his head on Angel’s shoulder. “You were the bigger fool. Look what you were turning away, all those years.”

Angel slapped him lightly on the arse and then kissed the top of his head.

“So, we love each other, yeah?” Spike sighed. “You still have to dust me.”

“What? Why?”

Spike stroked Angel’s face. “There’s no way out of this for me, love. I can’t win. And I’d rather go out quick like, at your hands, than slowly at theirs.”

Angel shook his head. “You’ll go to hell, Spike. You’ll…I’ve been there. It’s worse than this.”

“So have I, remember? Know what I’m getting into. Have known, for a long time. But at least I’ll always know…know that you love me, and you didn’t give in to these bastards on my account.”

“I can’t do it. I can’t kill you, Spike.”

Spike nodded. “All right. But it’s going to get worse, yeah? And I can’t hold on much longer. Please. Promise me when they’ve broken me, you’ll end it. Promise me, love.”

Angel blinked tears from his eyes and took a shuddering breath. “Okay. I promise,” he whispered.

The next time they were taken to the other cell, the other man finally spoke. His voice was reedy and nasal. “Why are you being so pig-headed about this, Angel? You know you can’t win. Maybe you enjoy watching your lover in pain.”

“Jealous, are you?” Spike hissed at him. “I’ll wager nobody loves you. Not even your own mum.”

The angry glint in the bloke’s eye—French, that was his name—told Spike he’d struck a chord. “Shut up!” French spat.

“You thought the money and the power these tossers gave you would make up for you being such a pathetic twat, that some bird would be magically drawn to you.” There was no wedding band on the man’s fisted fingers. “Didn’t work, did it? You’re still a loser.”

“Shut up!!”

French lunged for the remote control, but Lindsey grabbed it away. Spike watched with smug satisfaction as Braddock tried to calm French down. Finally, the younger man was ushered out of the room, and Braddock pried the plastic device from Lindsey’s fingers. “That was amusing,” Braddock said, not appearing amused in the least. “Almost as funny as this.” And he pressed the button.

When Spike came to this time he was sitting in Angel’s lap, propped against his grandsire’s chest. He blinked and wiggled a bit, and Angel said, “Spike?”

“Hmm.” His mouth didn’t seem to be working yet.

“Oh, thank gods.”

“What?” Spike managed. The room was pulsing in and out of focus in an irritating manner.

“You’ve been staring at nothing for two days. You wouldn’t even blink.”

“I…. Sorry?” His mind was sluggish, too, like his old DeSoto’s engine on a cold morning.

Angel squeezed him more tightly. “What’s going on, Will?”

Spike liked it when Angel called him that. “Don’t…don’t know,” he struggled to reply. “Can’t….” He sighed. “Hurts, ‘Gelus. End it. Please.”

Angel rocked him and pressed his lips into Spike’s hair. “All right. All right, Will.” Spike heard him swallow. “It’s over. It’s all over, okay?” He leaned their foreheads together, and Spike saw that Angel was crying.

He wanted to say something comforting, he truly did, but he couldn’t get his brain to work properly. So he managed what he could. “Love you, Sire. Thank…thank you. Love….”

Angel’s hands wrapped around his neck, large and cold and strong. He wondered if decapitation was more or less painful than incineration. He’d find out in a moment, anyhow. He smiled, and Angel’s hands tightened.

“STOP!!”

Angel scrambled to his feet, dragging Spike upwards with him by his biceps. He shoved Spike into a corner and stood against him, propping him up and shielding him.

One of the walls was gone. It had slipped to the side, revealing a corridor and a greenish wall on the other side. Lindsey McDonald was standing in the opening, his hands raised, palm-outwards, at shoulder height. He was dressed in jeans and a faded blue t-shirt.

“Don’t kill him!”

Spike couldn’t see Angel’s face, but he could feel the growl that rumbled through him, and he had a good idea he was pretty fangy right now.

Lindsey didn’t move from his spot, but he looked nervously over one shoulder. “Listen. I can get you out of here. But we have to move quick. You gotta trust me. Please.”

“Trust you? You son of a bitch. You—“

“Do it.” Angel turned and looked at Spike incredulously. “Do…do what…he says.” Spike had no idea whether this was another of Lindsey’s tricks. But he did know that standing in the corner and snarling wasn’t going to do any good at all.

“C’mon! We don’t have time, Angel!”

Angel looked back and forth between Spike and Lindsey. With another growl, he pulled Spike against himself. “Can you walk?” he asked.

“Can try.”

Angel moved forward, still baring his teeth at Lindsey. Spike stumbled a bit—his legs weren’t any more cooperative than the rest of him—but Angel caught him. Lindsey backed out into the hallway and gestured urgently at them to follow. They did, with Angel half carrying Spike.

“Hurry!” Lindsey said. The three of them struggled down the corridor. It was dimly lit, with a scuffed tile floor. The walls were set with doors, each of which looked as if it slid open. The hall ended in a T, and Lindsey led them to the right, down an identical hallway, until they came to a lift. He pushed the button and seemed relieved when the doors instantly opened. They hurried inside and Lindsey punched a button with a large green G on it. The lift moved upwards. Seconds later, the door opened.

They were in an underground car park. Spike wasn’t any more ambulatory than he had been to begin with, and he was beginning to fear that Angel was going to have to just pick him up and carry him like a baby. But Lindsey took them to a battered old pickup that was parked very close by. He reached inside the truck and pulled out a small pile of clothes. “Here. Put these on.” He ran around and climbed behind the wheel.

Angel propped Spike against the truck and helped him pull on a pair of grey sweatpants and a loose red t-shirt. Then Angel put on his own clothing, identical except the shirt was green.

“Get in, get in!” urged Lindsey. Angel shoved Spike into the center of the seat and then slid in beside him. His door wasn’t even fully closed yet before Lindsey was tearing out of his parking spot, heading toward the exit.

It must have been late at night. There was very little traffic, even though they were obviously in the heart of Manhattan. Lindsey screeched his way through the streets, and soon they were through a tunnel and then out of the city, barreling down a New Jersey freeway.

“What the hell are you doing, Lindsey?”

“Seein’ how far away we can get before sunrise. We only got about two more hours.”

“Why shouldn’t I break your neck right now and toss you by the side of the road?”

“’Cause I have a plan to get you two safe, that’s why. ‘Sides, you know I won’t stay dead anyway.”

“Why would you want to get us safe?”

“I told you…told you back in LA. I wanted to be Spike’s. I really did.”

“Sure, and that’s why you sat there and watched them torture him all these months.”

Spike just listened to the conversation cross over him. His head was spinning dizzily, and it was taking all his concentration to try to follow what they were saying.

“After I left LA, they picked me back up really quick. Didn’t even make it to the Oregon border. They dragged me to New York and I had to watch when they brought Spike in. I told ‘em Spike wouldn’t come to Houston with me, that you were both cruel and I’d had a hard time escaping. Those bruises you gave me went a long way to convincin’ them, man. I thought…I thought maybe if I played along, I’d find a way to get him free. But they didn’t trust me enough to let me near him. Tonight I finally managed to get to you. Had to kill a couple security guards myself.”

“I can’t imagine why they don’t trust you,” Angel said drily.

“Yeah. So I watched while they hurt him. Spike, why didn’t you just fuckin’ give in? It woulda got you outta there, and I could’ve maybe helped then.”

“Wankers,” was the only reply Spike could manage.

“He tried to bash his head open, Angel. Did he tell you that? I had to watch that too.” Lindsey’s voice was high-pitched and slightly frantic.

Angel growled an unintelligible reply and gripped Spike’s knee tightly, as if he could undo past damage.

“And then they caught you. What the hell were you thinkin’, just waltzin’ on into the place? What’d you think was gonna happen?”

“I thought I was gonna rip a few of you bastards apart before you dusted me.”

“Well, you did manage to take out a good chunk of the security department, I’ll give you that. They were wipin’ blood off the walls for days. But they got you anyway. It was my idea to put you together. I told them you’d give in to save him. I thought they’d just keep zappin’ him. And then…fuck. That room.

“What did you do to him? What’s wrong with him?”

Lindsey swore under his breath and blew by a lorry like it was standing still. “That table has some kind of wifi device in it. The firm calls it the Convincer. It directly stimulates the pain centers in the brain. I had it used on me once. It’s…bad.”

“Fuck.”

“Yeah. And if it’s used enough, it actually damages the brain. I think that’s what happened to Spike.”

“You gave him brain damage?!” Spike waited for the barb about how his brain was bad enough as-is, but it didn’t come. Angel only wrapped his arm around Spike’s shoulders and pulled him tightly against himself.

“You could have stopped it!” Lindsey yelled. “All you had to do was—“

“No,” Spike said. “Wouldn’t let him. Won’t.”

“You are the two most stubborn fuckers I have ever met.” Lindsey shook his head. “Will…will he heal?”

“I don’t know,” Angel answered darkly.

“Did before,” mumbled Spike, remembering the times the Initiative had mucked about with his head. He was tired, though, and couldn’t keep his eyes open. Angel and Lindsey were still bickering as he fell asleep.

He woke up in a bed. That was nice. He hadn’t been on a soft surface for so long. Angel was next to him, curled around him, really, his brow smooth as he slept. He looked very young. Spike turned his head and saw that Lindsey was snoring softly on a second bed. They must be in a motel room, he thought. There was an ugly print of a sailing ship on one wall, and an older television on a slightly battered chest of drawers near the foot of the bed. A window with a brownish patterned curtain was set into the wall beside Lindsey’s bed. He looked longingly at the small strip of sunlight that escaped around the drapery’s edge.

Spike considered sitting up, but it would take so much effort. Instead he rolled carefully onto his side and watched Angel sleep.

It was several hours later when Angel stirred. Spike watched his eyes flutter open and then focus on him. “Hi,” Angel murmured. “How’re you feeling?”

“Thick.”

Angel chuckled and leaned forward to place a kiss on Spike’s forehead. “How does a bath sound?”

A bath sounded absolutely lovely. He hadn’t been remotely clean in ages. Spike smiled. Angel sat up and then glared over at the other bed, where Lindsey was propped on one elbow, rubbing his eyes with the other hand. “We need blood. Something from the butcher’s is fine for me, but he needs human.”

Lindsey shook his head. “I can’t get you human, not here. Maybe when we get farther west.”

“What’s your great plan?”

“Mostly, to get us the fuck away from here. But then, if you want…I know what’s goin’ on in LA. I can help you fight them there.”

“I don’t trust you.”

“Fine. You got a better idea?”

Angel obviously didn’t. He stomped off to the loo, and a moment later, Spike could hear the water running.

Lindsey went out while the vampires bathed. He returned with several containers of pig’s blood and a couple changes of clothing for Spike and Angel. He’d brought a few things for himself in a small suitcase. Spike felt immensely better after Angel helped him get clean, even if his mind wasn’t functioning properly. He drank some of the animal blood, because at least it filled his belly. At Angel’s insistence, he also sank his fangs into Angel’s thick neck, and swallowed several mouthfuls of the wonderful stuff that flowed there.

As soon as it was dusk, they were back on the road. Spike lost track of where they were going, content to feel the truck bump under him and Angel’s bulk beside him, and to watch the highway lights flash by. He tried to tune out the nagging pain that wouldn’t go away.

Dawn caught up with them just past Indianapolis. Lindsey steered the truck into a motel parking lot. This time, the only room available had one queen-size bed. Angel and Spike shared it, and Lindsey slept on the floor next to Spike’s side. When they woke, it was still too light outside for the vampires. Lindsey went to find more blood as well as some food for himself. After he walked out the door, Angel pulled Spike into his lap. Spike liked it there. It felt safe. Comfortable.

“How are you doing, Will?”

“Stupid. Can’t…can’t think.”

Angel kissed his temple. “I know. We’ll fix it.”

“Sorry.”

“It’s not your fault.”

“Don’t…don’t let me…don’t want to be…like this.” Spike tried to wrap his tongue around what he was feeling. If they couldn’t mend him, he didn’t want to continue like this. It was a bit like being pissed, but he was never going to sober up.

“We’ll fix it,” Angel repeated, as if repetition could make it true. “We just need some human blood. Or….”

Spike blinked at Angel, who seemed lost in thought.

When Lindsey returned, Angel demanded he hand over his mobile phone. Lindsey did, looking bemused. Spike tried to follow the side of the conversation he could hear.

“Hey, Xander. It’s Angel.”

“It’s…a long story. I need to talk to Buffy.”

“Yeah, I know. But I really need her help. It’s Spike.”

“Okay.”

Angel hung up the phone and placed it on the nightstand.

“Who’s Buffy?” Lindsey asked, munching on a french fry.

“Slayer,” said Spike, happy he could contribute something.

“Huh?”

Angel poured some cow blood into a cup and handed it to Spike. Spike had to use two hands to drink it; he didn’t seem to have much fine muscle control. Angel ignored Lindsey’s question, and there was no way Spike could manage to answer it now.

The phone played a song. Spike recognized it and smiled. Hank Williams. “Your Cheatin’ Heart.”

Angel snatched the phone and flipped it open. “Buffy?” Angel gave Lindsey a baleful look, and took the phone with him into the loo. He shut the door. Spike could have listened in, had he wanted to—his hearing still worked fine—but he couldn’t be arsed. Instead, he sipped at his blood and watched Lindsey polish off his dinner.

Lindsey looked anxiously toward the loo. “I’m sorry, Spike. I truly am. Do you believe me?”

“Don’t know.” He wanted to, actually. But he didn’t trust his instincts at all right now.

“Angel will get you fixed up. And after he does, maybe…maybe you’ll be my Master again?” He looked hopeful as he said this, like a lost puppy trying to get adopted.

“Be free,” Spike said.

Lindsey shook his head. “No. I ain’t got it in me no more. I—“ Angel came out and tossed the phone at Lindsey, who caught it and stuffed it in his pocket.

“Let’s go,” Angel said.

By the next morning they were near Oklahoma City. Spike watched the people they passed. They all dressed like Lindsey. But Lindsey seemed especially tense and jumpy, as if he didn’t like it here and couldn’t wait to leave. Angel clearly felt the same way, swearing to himself about the lack of necrotinted cars.

Spike didn’t especially care. He was happy to crawl into a soft bed, and feel Angel climb in behind him. Spike could see Lindsey falling asleep in the other bed, while he felt Angel’s big, soft cock nestled up against his arse. He wiggled a bit and felt that cock grow bigger and harder. “Cut it out!” Angel hissed into his ear, and Spike laughed.

They slept in Gallup the following morning. And then, finally, Lindsey raced the sun and pulled up in front of the Hyperion just before dawn. It looked abandoned. Angel helped Spike inside. Lindsey followed with the luggage in his hands. Angel sat Spike down on the circular seat in the center of the lobby, and Spike leaned back gratefully against the cushions. There was an ache deep in his bones that wouldn’t go away.

Angel began poking about the lobby, making sure the weapons cabinet was intact and that nothing else was damaged. Lindsey had dropped their bags on the floor, and now he followed Angel around the big room. “Angel, man, I’m tellin’ you, this is a mistake. It’s the first place they’re gonna look for you. Check into another hotel, at least for a while. I’ve got money.”

Angel growled in response. “If you want to go, be my guest. Don’t want you here anyway.”

Lindsey huffed with impatience and continued to trail behind him, trying to reason with him. But Spike could tell from the stubborn set to Angel’s jaw that the lawyer wasn’t going to get anywhere.

They’d been having this argument for the last couple hundred miles. Lindsey kept insisting Wolfram and Hart would show at the Hyperion with a welcome party, while Angel said the Hyperion was his, and he wasn’t going to cede it to those bastards. Nobody asked Spike what he thought, but if they had, he’d have agreed with Angel. He didn’t fancy hiding from their enemies like cowards. Besides, he thought, looking around the familiar space, this was home.

Chapter Seven