“You wished to see me, your Majesty?” Alice leans over the threshold and cranes her neck, finally spotting the Queen seated at her elegant writing desk sorting through what appears to be paper cutouts of the members of the White Court. 

“Ah, Alice!” the Queen sighs. She immediately abandons her project (yet is very careful to lay the paper doll down gently on the white lacquered desk top) and turns toward the open doorway. “Do come in! Although,” she muses with a warm smile as she stands and floats across the room, “I believe it was you who wished to see me . Last Friday?” she prompts gently. 

“Oh! Oh, yes. I did.” Alice regards the monarch for a long moment. True, she had intended to ask the White Queen about a very specific and private topic... a topic which Alice is confident that she has resolved to her satisfaction. (True, she has only managed to successfully achieve her pleasure once and it had not been a completely solo effort, but she had managed it. After such satisfying success, she had elected not to dilute her victory with a potentially less-than-satisfactory encore. (She had also taken into account the air of calm expectation between herself and her husband; Alice had been unwilling to jostle that with more too-long bath times and potential setbacks.) She is still not an expert on the nature of her own pleasure, but she feels she knows Enough to guide Tarrant... should he require her instructions... although she doubts they will be necessary.) 

“What did you wish to discuss with me, my Champion?” the Queen inquires, gesturing Alice to a very stately armchair. 

She takes a seat and considers the opportunity she has now. She no longer requires the advice she had originally dared to petition the Queen for... But that does not mean that there are not other topics Alice would like to approach. First and foremost, however, a warning might be in order. 

She clears her throat. “The topic is very... personal. Private. And perhaps considered a very delicate manner here. It certainly is considered so Above.” 

“And what might that be?” the Queen encourages, gesturing toward the glass of cherry blossom water on the table beside Alice’s right elbow. 

Alice indulges in a sip, nodding her thanks to the Queen for the thoughtfully provided refreshment, and says slowly, “Well, as you know, Tarrant and I are married... and, Above, what would be expected of us would be... well, to start a family. Children.” 

“Would it? How interesting!” 

Alice examines the Queen’s expression. Although Alice trusts the information that Tarrant had given her and Philomena has proven herself to be a loyal and generous friend thus far, Alice has not forgotten how the Queen had maneuvered her and Tarrant into Tying The Knot. Would she go so far as to provide false or misleading information so that Alice and Tarrant will produce children as soon as possible? It is a very Dark thought, indeed, to be having about the White Queen. 

In this instance, however, the Queen seems genuinely intrigued by the notion of marriage facilitating the rearing of children. Sensing no counterfeit displays, Alice continues, “And I am beginning to suspect that the way children are... produced here in Underland is very... different from what is done Above.” 

The Queen tilts her head to the side and blinks. Her dark brows draw together in puzzlement. “Above, the people there do not join with their lover and Wish Upon A Star for a child?” 

Alice lets out the breath she’d been holding. Dear bumbling borogoves but she is utterly relieved that the information Tarrant had given her had just been corroborated. She is not sure what she would have done if the Queen had said... well, something other than that! 

Alice replies, “They do not. Parents sometimes tell young children that babies are made in such a manner but it is not true. The parents are merely hoping to satisfy their child’s curiosity until a time when they feel the child can fully understand the... process.” 

“Ah. Of course parents here rely on similar White Lies to placate their children regarding that very issue! But, if I might ask, what is the process by which children are brought into being Above?” 

Taking a fortifying breath, Alice forces the words out in as neutral a tone as possible: “Intimacy... a joining between a man and a woman.” 

Mirana’s brows arc rather expressively at that. “I... beg your pardon, Alice, but when you say a joining you mean...?” 

“In the marriage bed,” Alice hears herself supply clinically. “Although marriage is not a necessary aspect of the process itself, which is strictly biological in nature, but Above Society does not forgive... Well, a man and a woman are expected to marry before they engage in intimate activities.” 

“Of the sort that occur in a bed?” the Queen confirms and Alice suddenly experiences a moment of panic: suppose intimacy is not done in a bed here? Oh, botheration! However is she going to make sure both she and the Queen are discussing the same thing? 

“Bugger,” Alice swears and the Queen snorts out a brief, helpless giggle. 

“Ahem, yes, quite. But let us refer to the activity in question as... intercourse.” 

Alice heaves a relieved sigh and nods. “Yes. Let’s.” 

The Queen pauses, seems to carefully consider her next comment and then, in an apologetic tone, inquires, “Have you and your husband engaged in these activities yet? Beniford has not spoken to me of this, but that could simply mean you did not feel... comfortable in the castle. I am sorry for the indelicate question, but...” 

“No, no,” Alice assures her. “It is directly related to what I wish to discuss. You see, Tarrant and I have decided to finish our Courtship, er... completely before we... Um, that is...” 

“Have intercourse.” 

“Ah, yes. However,” Alice soldiers on, hoping her face isn’t as bright red as it unfortunately feels. Why are these sorts of things so much harder to discuss with the Queen than they had been with Philomena? True, Alice hadn’t mentioned children to her new friend, but the topics are very closely related! “I’m concerned that, with me being from Above, my body will not... obey the ways of Underland and... well, were we to become intimate I might... conceive. A child.” 

The Queen leans back in her chair and nods. “Now I understand what has been worrying you, Alice. And as I am unaware of other cases similar to yours and Tarrant’s... I would have to err on the side of caution and say that it is very likely that you would conceive a child in the manner your body would normally do so. Coming to Underland would not have changed your biology, dear Alice,” the White Queen gently explains. 

Oh, bugger , Alice thinks, and then winces. Yes: bugger – that’s the essence of the problem exactly! “Is there nothing we can do to... successfully manage the... conception of children while being able to...?” 

The Queen glances down at her knees before returning her gaze to Alice’s. “There is,” she replies, her beautiful face the manifestation of compassion and sympathy, “but I do not think you will like it.” 

“Tell me what it is. Please, your Majesty.” 

The Queen sighs. “Alice... these last few days, I have been considering how very much not only I but all of Underland – including Tarrant – would like to keep you with us... permanently.” 

“Permanently, your Majesty? But... I thought I could stay as long as I liked?” Is there a catch after all? she frets. Is Tarrant justified in fearing she will return to Above one day? 

“Of course you may stay! The issue is a bit more... nuanced than that.” The Queen lifts her hands, bracing her elbows on the padded arms of her chair, and taps her fingertips together in a somewhat nervous and yet contemplative gesture. “It occurred to me that, as you are a Child of Above, you would not be able to enjoy the... benefits of being a true citizen of Underland.” 

“Those being?” 

“Irrelevant at the present time,” the Queen interjects with a steely gleam in her eye. “Suffice it to say that my research has revealed a formula – an ancient recipe – which, when properly brewed and consumed, will induct you into Underland as one of its Children. Your mind, heart, and body will be in harmony with this world. Now, I believe your mind and heart have always belonged here, but your body...” 

“Yes,” Alice agrees, understanding. “So, there is a way to make me... like other women here... biologically speaking?” 

“Of course there is, Alice. There is always a way. Unfortunately, there is always a price.” 

“What is it?” she rasps around a very clumsy tongue and through a very dry mouth. 

“Above. You will never be able to return home to your family Above. You will be able to spend a minute time up there,” the queen admits with visible reluctance, “but it will be dangerous, for if you do not return to Underland before the minute hand makes one full revolution, your life... will be at great risk, Alice.” 

“An hour, you mean?” Alice confirms. She thinks of the White Rabbit – Sir Nivens McTwisp – and his seemingly unhealthy and obsessive fear of tardiness while Above... Suddenly, his unending state of panic while visiting Above makes a great deal of sense. Through that dawning horror (at the risks he had taken) and wonder (at the bravery of the White Rabbit), she summarizes, “A full revolution of the minute hand... I would only be able to visit my mother and sister for an hour?” 

“At a time, yes.” 

“I... see.” Alice considers that bargain: her family Above – whom she had hoped to perhaps contact somehow one day, to make amends and reassure them of her safety – for a true Underlandian marriage with Tarrant. A marriage that is not overshadowed with the possibility of... Well, she is not sure if she wants – will want – to be a mother one day. She would certainly prefer to discover what it means to be a wife before she commits to so... irreversible a venture as children! 

She weighs the consequences carefully, and then turns back to the Queen who is patiently waiting for her response. “What else would happen? How would I be different as a citizen of Underland?” 

The Queen takes a deep breath and then chuckles softly, “Of course you would ask that question. You would not be Our Alice if you did not. But consider carefully, what it is you are asking.” 

Alice frowns. 

“What if I told you,” the monarch muses aloud, “that being Underlandian would give you the ability to change your appearance at will. You might wish for longer hair, paler skin...” 

Alice jerks backward in her chair, shocked and affronted by the idea, but perversely intrigued. “Would it?” 

The Queen’s lips curve into a rather sly smile. “Would it matter if that were true? Would that make an impact on you decision? And, most importantly, Alice, would you want it to influence your choice?” 

“Oh...” Yes, she sees the Queen’s point now. 

“Precisely,” she agrees. “Now, we are different from the people Above. I am sure you have sensed this. Please think very carefully on how much information you would like to have and weigh it against the information you need to know in order to make a decision you will not regret.” 

Those words follow Alice as she meanders back to the suite she shares with Tarrant. It is an unsettling choice, layered and complicated: 

Should she choose to become Underlandian for the sake of her and Tarrant’s marriage? Their future? Should she make this decision blindly, considering only the merits of a life with him and her own desire for him? 

Or should she consider all points? Will she wonder – years later – if Tarrant would have been enough for her to make that choice? Or will she wonder if some other aspect of being Underlandian had swayed her? Will she come to regret making the decision fully informed? 

Mechanically, she mounts the last flight of stairs and turns down the hall. When she opens the door to their suite, Tarrant looks up from what appears to be a rather heated discussion with his shoes. “How was your chat with the queen, my dear?” 

The door closes behind Alice but she doesn’t move away from it. Tarrant’s beatific smile of welcome dims. “Alice?” 

The sound of apprehension, uncertainty and fear in his voice jar her back to herself. “I’m sorry. I’m fine. It was...” What exactly had it been? 

As she flounders for an adequate description, Tarrant stands and strides toward her. He reaches out to her, hesitates briefly, and Alice takes a step toward him so that his hands – which had clearly wanted to grasp her arms – now do so easily. She returns the favor, clutching his jacket sleeves in her fingers. 

“Tarrant,” she begins, intending to tell him about the potion, the possibility, the potential which she herself does not fully understand. But something else the Queen had said interjects, intersects with those thoughts and Alice hears herself say, “Are you still afraid I’ll leave Underland one day? You never told me why you didn’t believe me when I said I’d come back to stay.”