So she had been correct in her suspicions after all. Her cousin thrice-removed she had brought to Ithilien as a maid of honour – the little witch got what she wanted at last. Éowyn should have put a stop to it long ago, had she not noticed all those looks Éolinda had been giving the man of the house? Faramir had only chuckled at her outraged concerns, assuring her he was not interested in the slightest and that the lass was wasting her best years trying to charm a married man. 

He would never burn for another woman, he had said.

Éowyn gritted her teeth. 

She knew what had to be done. 

Her duty had always been first and foremost – to herself.

Husband or not, she was not obliged to put up with this – if anything, she was obliged to actively not put up with it. 

She was, from now on, on her own, and there was a strange, almost comforting familiarity in the feeling. It had once seemed that the fight in her had become a thing of the past, a distant tale to remember cosied up by the hearth while the night gales howled outside. It was reassuring to see her spirit had not gone to seed so easily. Perhaps she had known all along, deep down, that it would come to this, that good things were not meant to last.

She would show them.

Quietly Éowyn slipped back to the lower floor to retrieve her trusty old sword, left to rest in the small ammunition room. She always took it along when riding alone, just in case, but never had she thought it would come in handy in her own home. Oh, well. She would lament later, now there was fixing to get done.

First, she decided, she would hack off that whore’s arrogantly long hair. Hack it off at the very scalp, so that everyone would see Eolinda’s disgrace for years to come. And then – 

What exactly could she do then, though? 

She had used to believe, as a thing self-evident, that the rules of conventionality did not apply to them: what they had was special, and with him she would never have to soil her feet in the dirt through which ordinary people waded on a daily basis. 

But if he would do this to her, who was to know what else to expect?

Marriage consisted for a great part of rights and responsibilities: the rights were mostly his, the responsibilities hers. A wife was effectively her husband’s property – it did not work the other way around so much. 

Adultery was a female word. A woman was an adulteress, a traitor, a slut, loose and worthless, whom her husband could indeed punish according to his design, until his thirst for justice was slaked. 

Whereas a man... They could not help themselves, could they? It was the mistress's fault, the bewitching seductress ruining perfectly good marriages out of sheer wickedness. Or it was the wife's fault. Had she been attentive enough? Had she been quick to please, shown sufficient deference? 

And a man… A man simply played around. Of course, officially it was disapproved of and shaken heads at, but the unspoken law had it that so long as he put bread on the table and raised the children in his good name, he could do pretty much as he pleased. The wives of such men would only sigh and dismiss it with a shrug: well, what do you want, they are all like that, no use smashing your best porcelain set over it. 

Éowyn had once looked down upon such women and pitied them, even more so those who were not even aware of being betrayed. It would never happen to her, of course.

Faramir was different. 

Faramir loved her.

She swallowed down the sudden knot in her throat, and felt herself go cold: to think of it, she had nothing on him. He would likely claim he still loved her, and this here was just a thing of the flesh – she had heard this was a popular line. And she would not even be able to call him an oath-breaker, for as she dazedly recalled now, their troth had included no words on not sharing their bodies with another but the sworn spouse. She had not given it much thought then, assuming it was too obvious to even be mentioned.

So she had been wed to him, put her name next to his for all time – being on her own was not, actually, a realistic option. More than that, she was far from the one in charge. He was ever the one to take care of things, which she had welcomed as a blessed change from her previous life. She had, by her own free choosing, come to reside in his land, on his estate, speak his tongue, wear Gondorian clothes, and live by Gondorian law, under a Gondorian king. 

She was no longer the Lady of Rohan, she was the Steward's wife.

While she did get away with all her cheek, bossiness and general stubbornness, that was because – and only because – Faramir found all of it amusing, endearing, and even arousing. And thus allowed it. Allowed, no doubt, so long as it was done within reasonable limits – she sensed he would put her jolly well back in her place should she forget herself. Speaking of which, little doubt a woman coming upon her husband with a drawn sword would be seen as something perhaps a little over the line.

To think of it, what a sight she must be! Lacy underwear, wet hair and armed for battle, with a mad fire in her eyes. Éolinda might fall off the bed laughing.

She leant forth, for suddenly there was not enough breath in her chest, and the tangled threads of her damp mane hung in front of her face like some slovenly rag. Stinging tears of shamed, impotent anger clouded her vision – but she blinked them back, and pulled herself up straight, and squared her shoulders. 

She would not come to him disheveled. She would face it with dignity, if dignity was all she had.

She may be trapped. She would be expected to deal with it, grin and bear. Women always did – what choice did they have? There was no power by which to unbind the bond that had tied them to their husbands. A marriage is forever.

Well, forever just might end tonight, she thought as her hand pulled the blade forth from the scabbard. She did not know what she was going to do – but she did know that as soon as her heart came to a decision – whatever it be – she would not restrain herself.

Lying on a hospital cot long ago, alone and forgotten amid a throng of battle-soiled, mutilated, dying soldiers, Éowyn had sworn to herself that never again would she allow a man to humiliate her. The hour had come to make good on that oath.