Warning: This story is unsuitable for minors and contains explicit descriptions of sexual 
activity considered taboo (and illegal) in most (if not all) jurisdictions. If such activity 
offends you, DO NOT read any further. I do not condone any illegal activity and stress 
that this work is fiction, fantasy, and in no way meant to reflect reality. Sexual abuse of 
minors is a very serious issue and I encourage anyone tempted to engage in such 
behavior to seek immediate help.


This story is a work in progress. I am tinkering with it off and on and cannot give an 
idea as to how often it will get updated.


Last Updated: 5/11/18


Story Title: Land of Heroes


Dear Reader: Thank you for taking the time to read my work. If you wish to drop me a 
line, please feel free to email me at CreepingDawn@protonmail.com. I look forward to 
hearing from you.


Without further ado...


Chapter 8.

After we slept well and ate a hearty breakfast, Tyler and I strolled around the town for 
half an hour to enjoyed the scenery. This little fishing village was filled with bright 
colors, friendly people, and the wonderful salt air of the ocean. It also had a merchant 
who happily bought all the crap we had looted over the previous couple of days. 
Eventually, the captain of the militia found us and asked us for one more favor.

"The panther problem is almost under control," he said, "and it's all thanks to the two 
of you. However, we will never know peace until the Panther Matriarch is dead. Will you 
go find her lair, end the threat, and bring back her ear as proof?"

"Of course, sir!" Tyler said eagerly. I nodded my approval of the plan and we set off.

We had to travel past the forest that bordered the town and up into the hills nearby. 
The militia man had told us that the lair of the Panther Matriarch was hidden between 
two rocky outcroppings and that it shouldn't be difficult to find if we were careful. He 
was correct. The lair was a rather large open cave at the end of a long narrow crevasse 
and Tyler and I, once we spotted it, attempted to enter it. We knew the Panther 
Matriarch would be in there and, though she was probably a tough opponent, we would 
certainly have no problem handling her.

We were wrong.

Our first mistake was not paying attention to our surroundings. As we walked carefully 
through the crevasse towards the open cave mouth, we failed to look up above us at 
the lowest outcropping. Had we done so, we probably would have seen two green cat 
eyes following our every move. The second mistake was that I had neglected to cast 
MAGIC ARMOR on either of us, despite knowing that the spell lasted approximately a 
minute and raised our defenses considerably. The third mistake was that Tyler had not 
unsheathed his weapon; indeed, the boy's axe was on his back as we crept forward.

A sudden flash of movement caused me to look up and see a huge panther flying 
through the air at me. Without time to react, all I could do was let out a short bark of 
surprise before the creature's body slammed into me and knocked me to the ground. It 
didn't hurt much, of course, but it did force me to drop my staff. The Panther Matriarch, 
for that was indeed what we were fighting, used her deadly claws to shred my chest 
and hips before she darted off me and toward Tyler. The boy was just pulling his axe 
around him but he was too slow, taking a large bite on the shoulder and several slashes 
across the side as he spun away to defend himself.

The cat didn't pursue, though, and instead bounced back towards me. I was just 
beginning to stand when I was attacked, claws and teeth flashing rapidly enough that I 
couldn't ready any countermeasures. As I reached for my staff, the large predator 
latched onto my neck with it's powerful jaws and tore.


.........


I woke up on the bed I'd slept in the previous night, my eyes suddenly going wide as 
my mind exploded with the past few moments. I remembered the fight clearly, the 
panther's vicious attack and my feeble attempts at protecting myself. My hands found 
my throat and I sighed in relief. I was whole. I was alright. Though the mauling had 
been slightly painful, it wasn't that bad. It was more... terrifying in its ferocity. Had I 
been on Earth, I would have surely died. A death, I considered, filled with excruciating 
pain. I shuddered.

As I began to stand and look for my gear, which was lying next to me thankfully, a 
sharp intake of breath focused my attention the other side of the bed. Tyler was 
suddenly there, his body and gear appearing instantaneously as his eyes shot open in 
surprise. He reached for his own throat and I saw fear, uncertainty, and then relief 
flash across his face as he realized he was alright.

"You ok?" I asked, sitting down on the bed to comfort him.

"Yeah, I think so," he croaked. "That was fucking scary."

I nodded, sliding my arm around the boy in a sideways hug. "But we're ok now."

"I guess we are. Good thing we are in Aurora and not on Earth, huh?" He laughed, still 
somewhat overwhelmed.

"Guess so," I mused.

We sat there for nearly an hour, talking about what had happened. Neither of us felt 
like there was much pain, with Tyler telling me that he barely felt most of the attacks 
and me agreeing with his assessment. Being a hero in Aurora, even one who gets 
attacked by monsters and animals and takes damage that would kill a man back on 
Earth, was not particularly painful. The pain, we both surmised, was simply there to let 
you know you were taking damage. Not to actually injure you.

What was startling to us, though, was that we had lost. Our respective hit points had 
fallen to 0. How did we let that happen? "We need to be more careful." Tyler suggested. 
"That cat caught us totally off guard."

Brainstorming, we decided that we had indeed handled the situation poorly. Weapons 
should have been at the ready. Protective magic should have been cast. We should 
have been more aware of our surroundings. And we should have had our stats up so 
we could see what kind of damage we were taking.

That last part was important, we concluded. We had access to a great deal of 
information. Why didn't we make more use of it during battle? "I don't like calling it our 
'stats' though. I think we should call it something else," Tyler said.

"Why don't you like calling it our stats? That's what it is."

"Not really. The stats are the numbers themselves. The overlay of information is kind of 
something else. I think we should call it something else."

Tossing around a few ideas, we decided that the collection of information was really like 
a user interface, so we settled on "UI" to describe the transparent numbers that only 
we could see. I kind of liked it; it was cleaner than saying "stats."

We eventually made our way downstairs and had an early lunch. Then, resolved, we 
headed back to where we had fought the Panther Matriarch. As we approached the 
crevasse where we had fallen, we acted with considerably more care than we normally 
did. I cast MAGIC ARMOR on both of us. We readied our weapons. We observed our 
surroundings, easily seeing the cat hiding on the rocky ledge nearby. We activated our 
UI so as to properly keep track of the damage. Then we attacked.

What had been a slightly humiliating defeat earlier turned into a rousing success with 
the proper preparation. The cat got in a few hits but Tyler and I were ready for it and it 
came nowhere close to victory. When we sauntered into town a while later, both of us 
were beaming. Our smiles grew even wider when we handed the captain of the militia 
the requested ear and, as he handed over a gold coin to each of us, we reached level 8.


.........


As we wondered around town, the early afternoon sun warming our faces and the smell 
of salt filling our noses, we concluded that there was no longer any real quests to be 
done. We chatted with the locals. We kept an eye out for trouble. We even visited the 
docks. Nothing. Eventually, the two of us walked down to the beach to relax and 
discuss what we were to do next. 

The sand beneath our toes felt wonderful and the warm ocean water tickled our ankles. 
"This place is great," Tyler said. I couldn't disagree. The beach was magnificent, the 
pure white of the sand meeting the crystal blue water. The gentle lapping of the waves 
filling the pauses in our conversation. The cool breeze keeping the heat of the sun away 
from us as we strolled. Back home, a shore like this would have been packed with 
beachgoers and property developers would have sold bungalows nearby for millions. In 
Aurora, the sea and sand were unmolested.

"Excuse me!" A woman's voice broke my quiet reflection and Tyler and I turned to see 
a middle-aged lady waving at us from the bluff nearby. I waved, and we meandered 
over. "I'm sorry to bother you heroes but I was wondering if you might be able to assist 
me?"

"Yes madam. What can we do for you?" I bowed slightly. She blushed.

"I'm the captain of a small clam boat," she began, "and I employ three boys to do the 
actual collection. Since we had such an excellent week, I gave the lads the morning off 
and they told me that they were going to come down here to the beach and play. When 
they didn't come back for lunch, I decided to see what they were doing. They're... not 
here, apparently. You haven't seen them, have you?"

"No," said Tyler, shaking his head. "We haven't."

The woman frowned. "I bet they went to explore that old abandoned cave north of 
here. I heard them talking about it yesterday. If you wouldn't mind, would the two of 
you be willing to trek up there and tell them to come back to the village. We have work 
to do this afternoon."

Tyler and I looked at each other and shrugged. Inquiring, the woman pointed us north 
along the beach and told us the cave they boys were probably exploring was hidden 
around an outcropping of stone. It wasn't easy to get to, but it wasn't difficult to find. 
Tyler and I informed the woman that we would find her employees and we began 
heading north.

A short while later, we found the rocky outcropping the woman had described and 
discovered that there was a small ledge that we could follow around the massive 
projection. Stepping carefully, we managed to work our way out to the cave entrance. 
It was a relatively small crack in the stone, the opening facing the ocean and impossible 
to see from the shore. There was plenty of light, however, so we slipped inside and 
began our search.

While the sunlight only illuminated the entrance, wet moss and sea lichen filled the 
tunnel with brilliant green and purple light. "Wow," I mumbled. "This place is cool."

"Yeah," responded Tyler, touching the moss. "It's really soft."

I reached up and touched the cave walls myself, marveling at the illumination coming 
from the plants. I'd never seen anything like it and I'd bet that there was nothing like it 
back on Earth. Wishing I had a camera, I eventually removed my hand from the 
spongey material and began to explore the cave. Tyler followed.

The tunnel we were in branched several times, though the forks seemed to eventually 
work themselves back into each other. Tyler and I didnt fear getting trapped, though, 
because there were no sharp diversions or twists that would make us confused. The 
tunnel was perhaps seven feet high, with just enough room for Tyler and I to walk 
single file as we explored deeper and deeper.

Eventually, we heard muffled sounds in the distance. Moaning. Then a sharp cry and 
silence.

"Someone might have been hurt," I said as I picked up the pace. "Be careful."

"Maybe one of the boys slipped?" Tyler ventured as he hustled to keep up. "Sprained 
his ankle?"

The tunnel suddenly stopped, the dead end before us much wider and slightly taller 
than the path we had been following. In it was three boys, two lounging about on the 
rocky floor while one was leaning against the moss-covered wall. All three were nude, 
their faces flushed, their cocks hard, and boyspunk trickling out of their members. I'd 
estimate their ages were between twelve and fourteen. Clothing was piled carefully in a 
corner and the place had the distinct smell of sex.

Our sudden appearance startled the boys, but they quickly relaxed. "Hey!" the older of 
the trio said, his shiny black hair falling partially over his youthful face. He was one of 
the boys on the ground and he sat up casually, giving us a grin and a waive. "What's 
up?"

I laughed. "Are you three alright? We heard moaning."

"That was Keppie," said the other sitting boy, who was perhaps the youngest. "He's 
always loud when he blows his load."

"I am not," huffed the standing boy. "It was just a particularly good one, that all."

"If that's true Keppie, then every one of them must be particularly good because you 
squeal like a virgin every time you explode," laughed the first boy. Keppie stuck his 
tongue out at his friend.

"You guys work for the clam lady?" Tyler asked, smiling at the banter.

"Yep," said the first boy. "She let us have the morning off."

"It's already afternoon," I said. "She was looking for you. Sent us to find you."

The boys groaned. "Shit," said Keppie. "We lost track of time." The boys began to get 
up and get dressed. "Thanks for coming and getting us. We rarely get time off, so we 
wanted to come make use of the Boomer while we had the chance."

"Boomer?" I asked.

The boys smiled. The older boy, his pants halfway up his coltish legs, paused and 
nodded to the wall where Keppie had been leaning when we entered. "That's the 
Boomer," he said.

I looked at the wall. It was covered in the moss and lichen that had pervaded the rest 
of the cave and it gave off the same green and purple light. The boy must have seen 
my confusion because he continued.

"I know it looks like the rest of the cave but, trust me, it's not. I think it's a plant 
creature or something. It looks like the other stuff in here as a form of camouflage, I 
think."

Keppie interrupted his friend, "Whatever it is, it loves to suck cock. All you need to do is 
get naked and push your cock into it. The Boomer takes care of the rest."

"Why do you call it a Boomer?" Tyler inquired, staring at the wall intensely.

"Because it makes you go BOOM!" responded the third boy, as he and his friends 
chuckled. Tyler and I laughed too.

"You two should give it a try," said Keppie as he and his friends shuffled past us. 
"Thanks for letting us know about our boss."

Then the three were gone and Tyler and I were alone with the Boomer.


.........


Our clothing and gear piled in the corner, Tyler and I, our hard cocks sticking out in 
front of us, faced the Boomer. "You ready?" I asked.

"Yeah!" he said eagerly. 

Nodding to each other, we slowly approached the wall together and pressed our cocks 
into the soft and surprisingly warm material. Nothing happened for several seconds and 
I was about to suggest we try a different part of the wall when the spongy stuff began 
to flow around our erections. It felt nice, the almost frictionless material rapidly 
expanding outward until both our cocks had disappeared from sight.

"That looks really freaky," Tyler said.

"Yeah!" I agreed, staring downward where my body now appeared connected with the 
mossy stuff clinging to the wall.

The grasping mess began to tighten slightly on my cock and, before I could say 
anything else, it started rippling from the base to the tip of my tool. The feeling was 
both unique and delightful. "Ohhh," I groaned softly. "That's nice."

"Mmmmmm," Tyler mumbled, his eyes closed as he enjoyed the pleasure tingling up 
and down his own cocklett.

It felt like a nice slow handjob, though the stroking was going from the bottom to the 
top of the cock and the pressure remained constant around the entire circumference of 
my flesh. We stood there next to each other for several minutes, basking in the 
leisurely stroking and letting our minds wander.

Then I felt movement near my cock and I looked down to see that the moss had 
started growing again, spreading slightly around my pubic area. While I couldn't see it 
under me, I felt the material slide lazily over my ballsack until my hanging scrotum was 
totally encased in the same material surrounding and pleasuring my manhood. It felt 
weird, like someone was intimately cupping my balls while stroking me off and I 
grunted as I felt the very edge of the moss come to rest behind my sack and up against 
my taint.

Tyler groaned and I looked down at the boy. From my angle, I could just make out that 
his own hairless balls had been similarly encased. Wanting to take a better look, I 
began to step back so I could bend down only to realize that I was stuck. The moment 
I began to move backwards, the moss, as if sensing I was trying to leave, tightened 
slightly and held my balls firmly. Held them hostage, really.

"You ok?" I asked Tyler, my voice hoarse.

"Mmhmmm," Tyler responded, not opening his eyes. "Oh yeah," he mumbled a second 
later.

"Fuuuuck," I groaned as well, the speed of the masturbation increasing quite a bit and 
the moss that sheathed my balls beginning to vibrate slightly. I leaned forward, then, 
turning so I could look at Tyler while my head rested on the soft material in front of me. 
He leaned forward as well, turning to face me and opening his eyes.

Letting out a long slow breath, the boy gave me a smile. "Feels greattttt," he murmured. 
I had to agree. Again, several minutes passed and the two of us stood side by side, 
each getting jacked off by the Boomer while our balls were expertly teased.

As I watched through lidded eyes, I eventually saw movement near Tyler's chest. My 
eyes widened when two bulges appeared in the moss and began to reach outward 
towards the boy. "Tyler!" I gasped. Too late, I stood helplessly as the Boomer's probing 
moss found the boy's small nipples and latched on, rapidly covering the little nubs and 
his areolas as they had covered our cocks and ballsacks.

Tyler gasped in surprise. Looking at me with wide eyes, I was about to respond when I 
felt the Boomer grasp my own nipples and my explanation turned into a groan. Within a 
matter of heartbeats, I knew the tips of my nipples were hard as rocks as the smooth 
material pinched and stroked and aggressively teased the nerve endings there.

"Fuck. Fuck. Oh fuck!" the boy grunted as his hands griped the mossy material that had 
latched onto his breasts. "Ian! It's playing with my nipples! If feels so... good! Weird... 
ughhhh... but good!"

"Ah!" I grunted, my body's quest for climax getting a major boost from the tit-play and 
the sudden increase in jack-off speed of the Boomer.

Before either of us could get used to it, though, the moss that had come to rest behind 
our respective balls began to move along our taints and both Tyler and I started 
squealing. It traveled quickly, the moss underneath me parting the cleft of my rear and 
slithering closer and closer to my asshole.

"Ian! It's..." the boy began but cut off as a moan of total pleasure was torn from his 
throat. I didn't hear him, my own loud groan erupting from my vocal cords as the moss 
found my asshole and began to vibrate vigorously across it.

"Ooohhhhhhhhh!!!" I moaned as the moss on my manpussy twisted and pulsed. It felt 
absolutely wonderful; like a dry rimjob where the tongue brushed against the entire 
ring of flesh the whole time and never let up the assault. The Boomer didn't fuck me, as 
the mossy material did not actually enter my asshole, but I nevertheless rose on the 
balls of my feet as I felt the intense feeling of pleasurable pressure beating at my 
backdoor.

Between the now rapid frisking of my cock, the aggressive teasing of my balls and 
nipples, and the eager buzzing pushing slightly against my shitter, I was near delirious 
with sexual ecstasy. My orgasm rose in me like a tidal wave and I felt it begin to crest 
through my entire nervous system.

"Eeeeaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!" screamed Tyler next to me.

Opening my eyes with effort while my orgasm started to crash down on me, I glanced 
at Tyler and watched as the boy, who was squealing continuously, thrashed violently 
where he stood. The brutality of the pleasure pouring into him was obvious from his 
white knuckles and tense muscles and I couldn't help but see that the boy was standing 
on his toes, clearly trying to rise above the incessant tickling of his virginal boypussy.

I came hard, letting out a roar of satisfaction as I felt blast after blast of hot cum fire 
deep into the Boomer. Tyler's own climax echoed mine, the boy screaming in pleasure. 
Together, our voices filled the cave and I wouldn't have been surprise if our frenzied 
cries made it all the way back to Morgana's Bay.

Eventually, though, my climax began to end and I was able to relax my body slightly. 
Next to me, the small boy lowered himself so he was standing normally as he panted 
and grunted in post-climax satisfaction. The Boomer reduced it's assault as well, giving 
both of us a much needed reprieve.

"Tyler," I croaked. "You ok buddy?"

"Yeah. That was... That was fucking intense..." We both chuckled. "The thing on my 
butthole feels so weird but also really really good."

"Yeah, I know what you mean. That was pretty intense."

A minute passed before we both felt well enough to continue talking and, by that time, 
the Boomer had begun to retreat. The moss left our assholes, retreated around our 
balls, and finally flowed smoothly off our cocks and back into the wall. The nipple 
stimulators released us as well and sunk back into material from whence it came. Tyler 
and I stepped back, eventually sitting on the floor and staring at the wall.

After maybe ten minutes of reflection, I asked Tyler if he was ready to go back to the 
village. He told me he was. We stood to leave, then, but our gazes lingered on the 
Boomer.

"Do you think..." I started to ask.

"I'd kinda like..." Tyler said at the same time.

We both giggled.

Then we made use of the Boomer once more.


.........

By the time we got back to the village, evening was beginning to impose itself on the 
world and Tyler and I, our balls thoroughly drained, decided to play around in the surf 
for a few minutes and enjoy the last bit of sun. After frolicking naked for half an hour, 
and watching the light slip below the waves, we finally put on our clothing and went 
back to the Mermaid's Charm.

We ate a hearty meal and took a non-sexual bath. Then we went upstairs and settled 
down into our bed.

"Tyler," I said, not quite ready for sleep.

"Hm?" the boy inquired, rolling over to look at me. Our bodies were only a few inches 
apart, though we were both perfectly comfortable. We had started to become used to 
sleeping in the same bed with each other and I, for one, found comfort in the 
closeness.

"How are you doing?" I prompted.

"Fine," the boy said, giving me an odd look. I bet he thought it was a stupid question.

"No, I mean how are you doing with all of this," I asked, using my arm to gesture about. 
"About coming to Aurora, and the fighting, and the sex, and being alone."

He thought about it for a minute before figuring out what he wanted to say. "I'm ok. I 
mean it. I think I'm getting used to the idea that this place is... home now. I'm... I'm 
getting there. Thinking like that, I mean. And I like the fighting. And I really like the 
sex!"

We both chuckled.

"And I'm not alone. I have you. And you have me." He smiled at me and my breath 
caught in my throat. It wasn't a snarky smile or a naught grin or even a silly expression. 
It was a look of love. Of companionship. I smiled back.

He rolled over, then, but began to scoot back towards me. Eventually, we found 
ourselves spooning and I wrapped the boy in both my arms. He seemed to relax when I 
did that, his naked body pressed against mine. We had begun sleeping naked, since we 
had already fooled around quite a bit, but this was the first time we had really cuddled. 
Had I not blown two loads only a few hours before, I might have gotten hard again. 
Instead, both of us soon found ourselves asleep.

We woke up late the following day, stretching casually as we climbed out of bed and 
got dressed. Slipping down stairs, we discovered that the bartender had already begun 
his lunch service, so we pulled up some chairs and chowed down on roasted boar and 
potatoes. As we were eating, we watched a large ship pull into the bay and slide up to 
the lone dock. Several people, and pallets of supplies, got off and there was a great 
deal of running around as new cargo was loaded. The two of us had seen a few ships 
pull into the port since we had come to Morgana's Bay but we still paid attention 
because it was interesting to watch the various logistics of cargo organization.

The door to the inn opened and both of us watched as a young boy strolled in, his body 
language showing confidence as he began speaking in hushed tones with the barkeep. 
The boy was probably Tyler's age, with very long hair tied in a pony tail that ran down 
his back. His hair was the lightest shade of blond I'd ever seen, the color almost white 
in its intensity. The boy wore rich purple robes and carried a tall staff in one hand, 
suggesting that he may be a magic user of some sort. Then he turned slightly, and I 
caught site of his ear.

It was pointy.

"An elf?" I whispered to myself.

"I think so," Tyler said, obviously believing the question was for him. We watched as 
the elf and bartender spoke for several more seconds before the man nodded towards 
us and the boy looked over. Then he began to approach.

The elf boy was cute. Deep red lips, high cheek bones, and crystal blue eyes made his 
thin face look both delicate and regal. His countenance was serious, but not severe, and 
he took his time meandering through the nearly empty room before halting just in front 
of our table.

"Good morning," he said, his voice soft and melodic. "May I join you for a drink?"

Tyler and I were caught off guard, but I managed to nod. The boy accepted that as an 
invitation and he took a seat, waving over to the bartender who immediately brought 
three mugs of ale to the table. None of us said a word until the boy had paid the 
barkeeper and the man had left. Then the lad took a long sip from the cup, setting it 
down on the table and looking at the two of us.

"My name is Quellenalle. You are Ian," he said, nodding at me before turning to my 
young companion, "and you are Tyler. Heroes who have completed various tasks for 
this village. Am I correct?"

"Uh huh," Tyler said, his face showing his amazement at the elf before us.

"I wish to inquire if you would assist me. I need to travel north-east, to the Kaylor 
mountains. There is a dwarven fortress in those mountains called Molg Elharn and I 
have been tasked to meet with the dwarven leadership there to discuss potential trade 
negotiations." He stopped speaking, looking back and forth between us.

"Ok." Tyler said, the silence having dragged on almost to the point of being 
uncomfortable.

The boy's lips twitched with just the hint of a smile. "The dwarves have been receiving 
a great deal of their supplies through Parnesh and, much to their consternation, the 
Black Brotherhood has been demanding a large percentage of the profit as 'protection' 
money. I represent an organization that wants to provide those same supplies without 
the cost of going through Parnesh."

My mind had started to work, by this point, so I asked, "The Black Brotherhood 
probably won't like that."

"You are right. They won't. Which is why I need someone to guard me for the journey. 
Would the two of you be willing to provide that safety?"

Tyler and I looked at each other. He shrugged, which was about as good an answer as 
I was going to get, so I looked back at Quellenalle and nodded. "We will."

The boy smiled, then, his bright white teeth flashing brilliantly and framing his lovely 
face. "Wonderful. Please call me Quell, then, since we are going to be traveling 
companions for a while."
