I guess I was so turned on that I didn't hear the front door or my dad's foot steps coming up the stairs or even notice him watching me, panties to my knees, bra and top pulled up over my boobies while I touched my body for that webcam.

I'd been flirting with this guy on line even though he was 27, twelve years older than me. But he'd been sending me hot pictures of himself for weeks: first of his face, then with no shirt (hot!) and finally him stroking his stiff dick while looking at pictures of me I'd sent him-- at first but fully clothed, then in my skimpiest underwear where you could see dark spots of my pubes and nipples.

Finally after sending me webcam clips of him spraying come while calling my name(OMG!!!), Jack convinced me to show him my body. Today was the first time I did it, I was so turned on by watching his face and dick and sperm. 
I was playing with my clit, touching my hard little nipples for him, whatever he told me to do, when I heard my daddy.

"Allie!"  he said.

I whirled around, so startled. My top fell part way down but was still held half over my boobies `cause of my bra pulled up and I almost fell `cause of my wet panties around my ankles.

Daddy just stood staring at me. I was scared frozen at first and then bent over to yank my panties back up.

"H-h-hi d-daddy," I said. "what--"

My words caught in my throat  `cause I then noticed the huge bulge in the front of my daddy's pants. I'd seen his hard thing once before, about a year ago when I was fourteen: I was about to walk into the bathroom when I heard breathing. I looked in to see my dad pulling on his dick. It was sooo big and long I got a tingle in my pussy but it was too weird to see him jerking off that I ran back to my room. I was weirded out that my pussy had gotten sooo wet too. I tried not to think about it anymore.

Seeing that bulge in his slacks (jeans can hide a dick better than poly slacks I guess) made my pussy get wetter than it already was while watching Jack live on his webcam, jerking off to me.

"Young lady" daddy said as he walked to me. He stopped speaking but grabbed my wrists and pulled my arms away from me trying to cover myself.

"Young lady..." he said again, his voice breaking. Daddy licked his dry lips. "Jesus Christ, Allie...I ...let me see" and with that, my father pulled my panties down. I was embarrassed anyway but to see him touch it with that dark wet spot in the crotch made me flush. But it wasn't all from embarrassment. My hand skimmed the front of his pants on accident and I felt that rock hard penis I'd try not to think about as I was masturbating.
I was still so shocked though that I stood still as Daddy pulled my tank top up, exposing my titties half-covered by that filmy bra. 

Daddy looked into my eyes sort of tenderly but also kind of uncontrolled, like I'd seen the look in Jack's eyes online.

Daddy lowered his face and started sucking hard on my nipples going back and forth between them. I fumbled, hesitated, trembled but finally lightly touched my father's head as he tongued my hard nipples. Nobody had done that before. I had one date cop a feel and even though it felt good I wouldn't let him see or even do anything else. He had even pulled out his dick but I wouldn't touch it. I was too scared even though it made my pussy kinda moist. I did watch him jerk off, though, seeing him spurt his come all over. I was sooo hot but I wouldn't admit it to him. He stopped calling me but I guess my fantasy of my father's dick and his ran together.

But now with Daddy sucking my tits my cunt flooded instantly and even dripped down my legs a little. 

"Daddy....." I said.

"shhh..." he said and put an entire hand between my legs and rubbed, pushing the lips and clit all around. I soaked my daddy's hand. He put a finger in me and pushed it in and out and I started coming harder and faster than I ever had by fingering myself.

"oh god" he said. "oh god oh god"

I moaned and squirted all over my daddy's fingers. He dropped to his knees and began to lick me: my own father was eating me out and I kept coming! 
Daddy's face was soaked with my pussy juice and that sight turned me on even more! When he pulled me down, I sank directly on my knees and bent all the way down to rub my face against the cloth of his pants.

He unzipped and out popped his monster cock, straight up and glistening with pre-come. I kept rubbing my face on my daddy's dick, unable to put it where I wanted it: into my mouth.

Here I was, fifteen, and my face was inbetween my daddy's legs, getting wet with his dribbles.  

Daddy grabbed my blonde hair with one hand and his dick with the other and put it in my open mouth. Daddy pushed his penis all the way down my throat and even though I gagged,  I loved it!!! I sucked like I'd seen in pornos online and feeling it throb and roll around my tongue was indescribable. It tasted so good! 

Daddy was kneeling and I was on my knees too but my ass was in the air and my face gobbling down on his sweet, sweet dick!
My father bucked and jerked, pushing his hard penis in and out of my mouth and not too gently but I loved it anyway. My daddy was fucking me in the mouth!

I tried to speak like I heard the XXX video girls online do, I tried to say "fuck my mouth daddy" but all I could do was mumble since my mouth was full of dick.

My father pulled his cock from between my lips and said "what, Allie? Tell me what you said".

I repeated myself, clearly and with my father's hard, hard dick pulsing in my hand, "fuck my mouth, Daddy".

Before I knew it, my father's giant penis was ramming back in and out of my throat, gagging me.

"oh yeah baby" Daddy said, " I'll fuck your mouth Allie, yes I love to fuck your sweet mouth"

With that, his dick got harder, he shoved harder, I gagged louder and my father's sperm squirted down my throat. 

I wanted to see that come just like online so I pulled back, yanked my blonde hair out of Daddy's grasp and looked straight at the pee-hole of my father's cock as it squirted hot juicy come in my eyes and all over my face. It was a huge load, soaking me, dripping off my cheeks and onto the floor. 
When Daddy finished spunking, I looked up at him, his teenage daughter's face wet with his own sperm(!!!). He must've loved the sight because his dick stayed rock hard.

I looked down at the puddle of come on the floor and back up to my Daddy's face. He nodded. I didn't know what he meant until he nodded again, held me by the back of my head and pushed my face into the come puddle, he rubbed my face all over his come on the wood floor. I licked it up, slurped it, played with it, drooled my father's come and he watched. 

"Turn around Allie," Daddy said "turn around on your hands and knees so I can fuck you. Your daddy's going to put his dick up your pussy, Allie. And your webcam friend can watch"

Jack! I'd forgotten all about him! The cams were still on and as my father shoved his bigass dick up my cunt (it hurt but shit! it felt good!!) I looked up through come covered eyes (my Daddy's come!!!) to see Jack jerking off on webcam. He'd seen the whole thing and so did my daddy see him after I forgot he was there.

It all happened so fast, I was in such a daze: my father fucked me doggy-style and made me cream all over his nice dick, my titties bounced like crazy, Daddy unloaded more come but in my teenage pussy this time and as I moaned from my long wet orgasm, I saw on webcam Jack's dick spurt come straight into the air.

The next thing I remember was my daddy standing up with me sprawled on the floor, thong around one ankle, top & bra wet with his sperm still pushed up over my titties, which too  were wet with daddy's come. My nips were still hard, my face was covered with my daddy's sperm (I didn't bother to wipe any of it off, I loooved that wet feeling!!!), my cunt was sore, fucked for the first time by my father at age fifteen. It was sore but my stretched little cunt dripped my own juices and Daddy's come onto the cool wood floor. I had been fucked-- almost brutally!!!--- by my father and I loved it and all  could think of was wanting more.

I heard typing and struggled to my feet to look over my father's shoulder , him at the keyboard.

His IM said " what do you want me to do next to my daughter?"
I shuddered and grabbed around my daddy and felt his stiffening dick as a message started to come back from Jack's webcam....

