Nothing had ever made him feel like Taichi's mouth did. Not even when they ended up first back at Taichi's conveniently empty apartment, and then somehow on his bed, his confident but reassuring hands helping Daisuke off with his clothes as he murmured secrets into his ear, soft, dirty, teasing words that made Daisuke harder than his touch. Not even when he spread his shaking fingers either side of Taichi's belly, feeling the muscles twitch beneath the skin, and ran them from there up to his chest, trying to memorize the lines of him; hip hollow, rib, nipple. Not even when they spooned together and Taichi's hand covered his, guiding them both down to make a double fist around him, and he shut his eyes tight against the sun that was pouring into the room and just let it beat down on his face and his chest and his legs as the two of them stroked.

Taichi slid closer, bringing his erection to rest in the hollow formed by the backs of Daisuke's thighs. "Mmm," he said, sounding happy, and then moved back and forth a bit, and Daisuke felt a warm, sucking kiss land in the crook of his neck. "S'nice..."

"Nice," Daisuke echoed, stupidly. He felt as if he ought to be doing more, reciprocating more; at the very least trying harder to show Taichi how he was making him feel, but when Taichi's erection had touched his skin, even hotter than the other boy's mouth, his mind had gone white-blank. He managed to brace his foot against the bed and pushed backwards into Taichi's chest, just wanting to be held close while these things were happening to him, however uncool that was. Their bodies slid a little in the thin sheen of sweat between them that he was vaguely aware was neither all his own or solely because of the temperature in the room. The space between their legs, sealed in, became a moist, slippery pocket of heat, and Taichi gave a low grunt as his hips bucked forward into it, his breath tickling Daisuke's ear.

"Feels good, Dai."

"Please..." More. Ungainly, his pulse throbbing heavily in his temples and his groin, Daisuke tried to raise his leg a little to give Taichi room to move again. It was difficult, his muscles feeling like liquid and refusing to move in the way that he wanted them to, but he managed it somehow, allowing Taichi's erection to slip between his thighs and rub against him in a way that made him tighten up all over. He was close to coming; could have come in another few heartbeats if Taichi hadn't removed his hand from his erection, swiftly uncurling Daisuke's fingers as he did and bringing his with it, and he was unable to hold back his squeak of disappointment.

"Ssh..." Taichi leaned over him, nuzzling his cheek and the side of his mouth. Daisuke's lips parted, instinctively searching for him, making the shape of a kiss in the air, or perhaps a word that had somehow been forgotten halfway along its journey from his brain. Before he could recall it, anyway, Taichi was gone, pulling away and leaving him feeling intensely lonely. As he listened to the rattle-slide of the nightstand drawer behind him, Daisuke wondered if it made him look as desperate and inexperienced as he was to keep touching his own body, or whether it was something that Taichi might like, might enjoy watching. He wasn't sure how he was supposed to behave. He'd enjoyed the same thing himself often enough, hadn't he, felt warm just seeing Taichi lazily run his hands over his chest as they came back down from a stretch? He remembered all these things now that it seemed safe to bring them out.

Should he be making more noise? Daisuke wanted to moan; it was constantly welling up in his throat, but it felt as if it was going to be a weird sound, and he didn't want Taichi to think he did weird things during sex. He bit his lip instead, but still he couldn't stop his hands moving, shakily tracing the damp creases of his thighs, darting up to brush at his nipples. He'd never felt all that much there before, but maybe he just hadn't paid them much attention. He felt different now. He needed to touch himself everywhere. Every pore of his skin seemed to be awake and tingling.

"You gonna save some for me?" The bed dipped as Taichi rolled back up behind him. There was still a smile in his voice, but it was rougher now, as if he was breathing heavily, and his fingers were rougher too as he pushed them into Daisuke's hair, pulling him close. Daisuke leaned back into him, frustrated by the formlessness of it, and, more than anything, wanting Taichi to stroke him again. His erection felt so demanding that he barely noticed Taichi's other hand running down his back and around the curve of his ass.

When Taichi touched his entrance, he jerked, pure reflex making him try to clamp his legs shut. With a supreme effort of will, Daisuke forced himself to relax his cramped muscles and tentatively let himself feel. Taichi's fingers were wet and cold with something, but they quickly warmed to Daisuke's own heat, and as they circled and teased, a sensation began to build, different from the ache of his erection. This was a twitchy, strangely urgent feeling that raised goosebumps and made him half want to pull away, but as he squirmed slowly, all his body seemed to be trying to do was answer Taichi's movements, as if they both knew somehow what would feel good but his train of conscious thought had been left out of the loop. A shudder went through him as a thumbnail grazed the soft skin inside his thigh, and then he gasped as the tip of Taichi's slippery finger suddenly dipped inside. His voice shook, and sounded far too loud in the small room. "Tai..!"

"You okay?"

"I'm okay." He said it again, more determined this time. "I'm okay." And he was. Okay with Taichi's finger inside him, okay with the way that Taichi was starting to make small thrusts against him, okay with the slight shock as his muzzy brain fully accepted the idea that the touching wasn't play and that there was going to be something a lot bigger inside him soon that was probably going to hurt. Okay with the way that Taichi was breathing that said that once he started, it probably wouldn't be all that easy to get him to stop. Daisuke found it hard to imagine wanting him to stop. Not now, not after this... waiting. He shuddered again, more violently, as the finger slid deeper. This uncertainty. "Tai?" he blurted, without thinking.

"Mm?"

"Do... do you like me?" Stupid thing to say. But he had to know.

Taichi's movements slowed, and then, after a brief pause, he nuzzled Daisuke's neck, and Daisuke could feel the shape of his grin. "Yeah. Course I like you."

He really did like the feel of Taichi's mouth, and the way that his tongue lapped at the curve of his ear just before he brought his hips flush with Daisuke's ass and began to push in. Maybe that was why, when he dozed in the curve of Taichi's arm afterwards, he dreamed about it.

*** *** ***

Daisuke's mother had finished sorting the laundry. There was a rule in the apartment during vacation that whoever was the least busy at any particular time had to help with chores. "Daisuke!"

Daisuke flung himself lengthwise along the couch where he had been curled up watching old anime with Chibimon, throwing down the TV remote and grabbing for the cordless handset lying, silent, on the table at the end. "I'm on the phone!" he yelled hurriedly.

"Jun!"

"I'm studying!" Jun called back, from behind the half-closed door of her room.

Their mother made her decision. "Daisuke!"

Letting the phone drop again, Daisuke rolled off the couch in defeat with a sigh that he hoped was loud enough for his mother to hear. It felt strange for some reason when she deposited the laundry basket in his arms, as if the bland routine of the action was at odds with he emotions still thumping inside his chest. They were so strong that he was almost amazed that nobody had asked him about them; he felt as though the stink of pleasure must be detectable at fifteen paces. The dull ache and burn of his muscles felt like a delicious secret, because even pain could be savored when it meant everything had gone alright in the end, like coming off the soccer field with the skin scraped off his knees after a four-nil win.

He'd had sex. It thrummed in Daisuke's brain as he headed for the laundry room, too big to be processed coherently yet into anything beyond that singular thought. He'd had sex with Taichi. He'd always just kind of taken it for granted that his first time would be with a girl, but the fuzzy images in his mind had faded the moment Taichi had wrapped his arms around his naked body, squeezed out of existence, and he suddenly couldn't imagine wanting it to happen any other way. He'd come all over Taichi's hand and onto his bedsheet way too quick, and Taichi hadn't laughed at it or laughed at him; it hadn't taken him much longer after that to come himself. Daisuke had found it almost impossible to wipe the grin from his face. He'd wanted random strangers to stop him in the street on the way home and ask him what good thing had happened.

Daisuke chewed on his bottom lip. Was he supposed to call Taichi today, or should he wait for Taichi to call him? The couple of dates he'd been on had been too casual to worry about things like the next day, and he really wasn't sure what was expected, but he was amazed by how badly he wanted to call, just to get another fix of Taichi's voice. Daisuke tried to remember if he'd always loved his voice this much, and decided that he couldn't not have. He frowned, still excited, but uncertain. Would he look a bit too enthusiastic if he called right away?

He was so engrossed in his thoughts that he gave a yelp of shock when Jun's door flew open as he passed it, and another dozen or so items of laundry were dumped on top of his already overflowing basket. "Hey -!"

"Wow, what great timing you've got there, Dai! Congratulations!"

Swaying off balance with the sudden extra weight, Daisuke shoved the basket against the wall and braced it there while he tried to readjust his hands. "Thought you were so busy studying!"

Jun grinned back at him. "Well, I guess I must have finished already. Aren't I smart?" She rolled her eyes as she watched Daisuke try to support the basket with his knee, almost falling over in the process. "Oh, put it down, dummy! You grab that side. Never let it be said that I'm not a wonderful, helpful big sister."

The basket between them, they made their way down to the area off the bathroom that was designated the laundry room. Their father had got the idea into his head the year before that they should buy a clothes dryer, which, as their mother had confidently predicted, was worse than useless, taking hours to dry anything more than a shirt or two and turning the room into a sauna in this weather, and now it stood silently and resentfully in the corner like some squat white fossil. The laundry room was barely more than a cubbyhole as it was, and the addition of the dryer made it hard now for more than one person at a time to get in, let alone move. Daisuke randomly stuffed as many clothes as he could manage into the washing machine, and stared at it for a moment. He should add the detergent next, shouldn't he? All of the boxes and bottles on the shelf seemed to be laundry-related, and he had the nagging feeling that there was a reason that there were different ones, but he figured that they all had to be, when it came down to basics, made to wash clothes with. Daisuke grabbed a cheerful-looking blue bottle with a large brand logo and a lot of bright sunburst designs on the label, and twisted the cap off. It smelled a bit more than his clean clothes usually did, he thought, kind of fake-lemony. Probably that all got rinsed out in the machine or something.

"You still have no idea what you're doing with this, do you?" Jun commented, from where she was now leaning against the doorframe.

Daisuke eyed her, still holding the bottle in one hand and the cap in the other. "What?"

"Oh, nothing. I just wouldn't dump that in the machine neat unless you want to be playing in the first soccer match next term in a blotchy pink shirt instead of a red one." Whisking the bottle out of his hands and returning it to the shelf out of harm's way, she replaced it with a large yellow box of powder. "That's bleach. That is detergent."

Daisuke made an effort not to scowl, that seeming to be something that Sulky Kid Daisuke would do rather than a Daisuke that Taichi wanted to be with. He always had a hard time imagining Taichi feeling like a kid in the way that he did, even when he was younger than Daisuke was now, and Taichi had felt even less like a kid when he'd been gripping Daisuke's hips and panting against his ear. "If you're not going to help, why are you even here?" he demanded.

Jun folded her arms. "Because I wanted somewhere to corner you, so I could find out why you've been walking around with a goofy smile plastered on your face and why you haven't moved more than four feet from the phone all morning." A slight grin formed. "Daisuke... are you in love?"

The detergent box that Daisuke had been pouring from bumped against the machine, causing a snowfall of powder to dust the floor and Jun to make a 'tch' sound. "Don't say it like that!" he mumbled. It sounded so... girlish, coming from her, like he had Taichi's name written all over his school notebooks, all pink, with sketchy flowers around it: 'TAICHI'. Not like the hot tidal wave of pure, hungry feeling that had swept over him when Taichi's lips met his. For the first time, Daisuke felt like he actually understood love, even just one small part of it. It wasn't wanting to get a cellophane-wrapped box of store candy from someone on Valentine's Day; it was wanting them to touch you so badly that it ached, inside and out.

"I don't have to say anything when you're about as subtle as your digimon whenever he sees me baking cookies... are you going to finish putting that detergent in or not?" Jun watched him curiously, her head on one side, as he closed the lid of the machine and, after a slight hesitation, tried switching it on. It started to produce a loud humming, gurgling noise that seemed normal enough. "Can I ask one question?" she said, after a minute, sounding oddly thoughtful.

"You can ask." Daisuke glanced at the washing machine, wondering if it was safe to leave it on its own, or if it was just waiting until he'd gone to pretend it was overloaded and flood the room. He still didn't altogether trust it.

"Does he really know how you feel?"

Daisuke's head jerked round, and he was unable to keep the expression of disbelief from spreading over his face. He knew girls were supposed to have some kind of weird intuition, but this was almost scary.

Jun pulled a slight face at him in reply. "Don't freak out - I haven't discovered new psychic powers or anything. You just never acted like this about either of those girls you took on those supposed dates. Or even about Hikari, really - it was more like you were trying to prove something with her. Oh, I don't know." She waved her hand, as if dismissing her train of thought. "Not even you could just have been that emotionally immature."

"I'm not - immature!" Daisuke was so stunned that he had difficulty picking out what to respond to first. "And anyway, why does that have to mean I like -"

"Dai, when you're around someone you really like, you aren't very good at hiding it."

Daisuke stared back at her. Even through his excitement, he felt vaguely uncomfortable with the revelation that he'd been monitored on a level that he hadn't known about, as if every memory he had of the past three years would always look different now. He set his jaw. Okay, let her make fun of him. What did it matter to her whether he liked a girl or a guy?

Except that she wasn't making fun, that he could tell. She actually sounded like she... well, cared. "Now, I'm not going to say who it is that I've got in mind right now, so you don't have to answer one way or the other. But I guess that something's happened with him that meant a lot, so I want to make sure of one thing. Is he being nice to you?"

Daisuke wondered if he was going to blush again. Jun would still love that, he thought. "Yeah," he said, softly. "Yeah - he's really nice."

"He doesn't do stuff you can't handle?"

Daisuke did scowl this time, lifting his chin. "I can handle everything just fine!" As she began to turn in the doorway, the convinced look on his face faded a little. His hand strayed to his mouth, and he chewed at a fingernail. Jun, his ditzy, gossipy sister - did she have those same feelings about Shuu when she was near him, like her heart was beating so hard it wanted to jump out of her chest? Was that possible?

"Jun -" he said, hesitantly.

"Yeah?"

"Should I call him? I mean, I really want to call him, but I don't want to sound -"

"Desperate?" Jun grinned. Her smile became gentler as she stood back, considering him. "Is that how you look when you talk to him? Like he's your whole world and then some?"

Daisuke shrugged, just a barely perceptible lift of his shoulders. She nodded, knowingly, as if that was answer enough.

"He'll call you."