The bed dipped under an added weight and a pair of soft lips brushed his in a teasing caress before they parted and a tongue darted out to press against his mouth. Angel opened his mouth automatically, and was rewarded when that tongue slipped inside to curl around his own. He returned the kiss for what seemed like hours, and as the mouth withdrew, opened his eyes to see- "Spike!" 

A low laugh answered him. "Expectin' someone else, were you?" 

Angel didn't reply, too busy trying to process whatever the hell had just happened. Spike! Was in his bed!! Naked!!! And looking all too tempting for Angel's peace of mind, too. The platinum blond hair was damp from a recent shower and falling in a curly mess around the angular lines of his face, drawing attention both to those razor sharp cheekbones and the brilliant blue eyes that were filled with a heat that skittered down Angel's spine, making him swallow hard. His gaze slid down to the full pink lips that had just been kissing him- kissing him!- and then down to the smooth muscles of Spike's chest and the abdomen that always made him want to lick ice cream off it... 

No! Stop it! Angel admonished himself, trying to pull his eyes away from the sheet that lay pooled in Spike's lap, the sheet that was twitching and starting to rise, slipping a little with each movement- "What- what are you doing in here, Spike?" he stammered, desperate for anything to take his mind off what was under that sheet. 

"Don't know where else I'd be," was the maddening reply. "Would you rather I was naked in someone else's bed? Buffy's, maybe? Or Lindsey? He seemed like he might be a bit of a good time, didn't he?" 

Angel growled, and Spike laughed. "Don't seem to like those ideas, do you?" 

"No," he ground out. "You stay away from them." 

Spike stretched out on the bed, the bedsheet dropping down to his hip, riding low enough to expose the line of one hipbone. He reached out to stroke Angel's collarbone with a featherlight touch, leaving Angel surprised at the gentleness of it. "Wouldn't dream of gettin' out of this bed just now, luv. Got nothin' to worry about there. Already told you- I'm yours: body, heart an' soul, the whole deal." 

While Angel stared at him, too stunned to reply, the blond slid closer, his hand flattening on Angel's chest and creeping up to delve into dark hair. "An' you're mine," he whispered just before he pulled Angel down to kiss him. In two hundred years, Angel didn't think he'd ever been kissed quite like this. It was tender and loving, with a darker undercurrent that tugged him under and rolled him about like a helpless toy. Love and lust and ownership lived there, and he wasn't sure which he wanted more. 

"Well?" Angel stared up into blue eyes, belatedly realizing that Spike was expecting an answer of some kind. He licked his lips, savoring the taste of nicotine, blood and mint that lingered there, then whispered, "I'm yours." Hearing the words spoken would probably have thrown him into an instant panic if he hadn't been too busy being kissed into a second dizzying whirl immediately after. As it was, there was too much else to concentrate on to worry about what he'd just said, far more important things like the way Spike's tongue stroked his or the feel of Spike's skin like satin over sleek muscle as Angel gripped his arms like a drowning man. 

And that was it, wasn't it? He was drowning, lost in Spike and going under for the third time, but somehow he couldn't seem to care. Not when Spike pressed closer and he could feel a hard length along his hip that mirrored the erection already tenting his pants. Not when a fingernail scratched over his nipple and a hungry mouth drifted down to tease his neck with an expertness that only a century's worth of life could give. Angel moaned, one hand moving up to hold Spike's head in place. 

"Not yet," the blond murmured, ducking away from Angel's hand. "No bitin' until I'm inside you, remember?"
Inside-? Angel stared dazedly up into wicked blue eyes. He'd never let his childe fuck him before, never told anyone about the yearning that sometimes made him ache with emptiness, never given any hint of his most secret fantasy, so how the hell had Spike figured it out? 

He opened his mouth to ask, but Spike's hand slid down to curl around his cock, squeezing him through his pants and all that emerged was a ragged moan. Spike's answering smile was slow and filled with a dark purpose that sent a shiver down Angel's spine. "Yeah, knew that'd get to ya. You thinkin' about it now, luv? Thinkin' about how I'm gonna feel slidin' into you, fillin' you right to the brim, hmmm?" 

Angel pressed up into that knowing hand, muttering, "God, yes. Want it... need it..." 

"I know you do, baby. Gonna give it to you, too. Fuck you all night long, make you scream for me." Spike was rocking against him, erection sliding along Angel's hip, and it was all Angel could do to keep from grabbing him and demanding to get fucked right away. 

They kissed again, tongues tangling as the heat between them rose. Spike's hand slid into Angel's pants and Angel ripped his mouth away with a wordless cry when bare fingers touched flesh. It ratcheted the need up to an almost unbearable level, feeling the soft touch right where he ached, but the best part was knowing this was just the start, that soon he would have it all. "Spike," he whimpered, squirming against the hand that was touching him and the hard prick rubbing against him. "Spike, please..." 

"That's it. You can feel it, can't you, how close you are? Gonna come for me soon, Angel?" Those long fingers stroked him, teasing his climax ever closer until he wanted to scream. "So fuckin' beautiful when you come, luv. Wanna see it, wanna feel you come. Gonna fuck you soooo good after it, too." 

The promise was the final straw. Angel's hips thrust up and he came with a cry of "SPIKE!" that rang in his ears even as it yanked him back into reality. The reality that found him still coming in his pants as he woke, his childe's name and taste lingering on his lips as though the blond were right there in bed with him. But when the storm at last passed and he sagged bonelessly on the bed, there was only the hard mattress and the silent, empty room. 

Angel's breath slowed and finally stopped, and he lay still for a moment, clarity slowly returning. Something was wrong. He'd dreamed about doing... THAT before, but never like that, where it was so real he couldn't tell it from real life. It was a trick, one of Spike's plots to manipulate him and get what he wanted. It had to be a spell of some kind or- he paled when he remembered the email from yesterday- that drug. Oh, God. Had someone given him the drug while he slept? Was he wrong and Lindsey and Spike had been planning this all along? 

He had to call Wesley. Had to get him to research that drug and find a cure. And maybe in the meantime they could find something to keep the dream from coming back. After all, it wasn't like he'd been poisoned, he told himself, but even as he planned a way out of his current predicament, he was shoving his sweats down and wrapping his hand around his half-hard dick, stroking himself back to a full hard-on. Later, he promised himself. He'd take care of everything... later. 

Now, though... now he could let go, remember the images and sensations from the dream, and take some conscious pleasure from it. After all, sex dreams were just the body's way of letting the mind know what it needed, right? And it had been a while since he really indulged, usually just settling for jerking off in the shower, so he was bound to be a little tense. Nothing wrong with relaxing, was there? It would help when he went to talk to Wesley if he wasn't so stressed out. And by the end of the morning, Angel planned on being very relaxed. 

His decision made, Angel kicked the sweatpants the rest of the way off and reached for the bedside table, pulling a small tube out of the drawer there. Just the feel of his hand closing around it made him ache, his body taking over to demand the pleasure that it knew was coming. A twist of wrist, a squeeze and two fingers were quickly coated with a slick sheen of lube. The tube was tossed aside as he lay down, legs drawing up to rest his feet flat on the bed. 

Angel closed his eyes, slowly stroking his dick while he imagined a figure hovering above him. And if that figure had light hair and blue eyes that burned into him, it was his secret. He moved his hand down between his legs, carefully easing one finger inside his own body. The slight burn made him moan and tilt his hips up, but somehow he managed to force himself to go slow. It had been a while since he'd done this, and he wanted to draw it out so he could savor every sensation. 

He began to twist and turn his finger, then when he felt like he might scream, he slid the second finger in to join the first, panting softly as his body protested the stretch. His hand slowed and then stopped, leaving him trembling with the effort to keep still, but he fought to control it. When he could stand it no more, he pushed down onto his fingers. "Please," he whispered to those blue eyes in his mind. "Please... I need it." 

Holding his hands still, Angel began to move, first thrusting into his hand and then back onto his fingers. He moaned as the first rush of pleasure filled him, the sense of being fucked and fucking all at once. God, it felt good! How had he let this go for so long? He shifted, then pressed up and back again, a slow, deliberate motion of his hips that made him want to tear at the covers and scream. 

It was always like this, a taste of something that he knew there was more of. How many times had he watched William's face when he was taking him or heard the girls scream while he drove into them and wished he was on the receiving end of that overwhelming bliss that made them writhe uncontrollably? He'd thought about this, dreamed about it, jerked off to it more times than he could count, but never actually gotten up the courage to really ask for it. Even now, when it was just him alone in the room, he fought to keep quiet and hold onto his control instead of letting it all overtake him. 

The pleasure rose until he wasn't able to keep up the slow pace, until his hips were moving with increasing speed and he was avidly fucking himself upon his fingers. He was riding the crest of pleasure, just a few strokes from orgasm when he heard the door of his apartment open and a voice called out, "Angel?" 

Automatically his hand closed around the base of his erection, holding back the climax that threatened from hearing that voice. And then it came again, closer this time. "Angel? You here, mate?" 

Easing his fingers free, Angel wiped them off on the sheet, rolled out of bed, and went to answer the call of his heart's desire.