Be Quiet and Drive by the deftones

The car is quiet with Dean behind the wheel, the air has a tight claustrophobic taste but the windows are wound tight. Castiel sits in the passenger side without a word between them, not even a gear lever to seperate them, instead the silence stretches like continents; like oceans. Dean stops, taps his fingers on the wheel looking for words. “I’m not,” Castiel says firmly, and then like night the silence descends on them, between them. It is possessive, overwhelming, but looks like two men in an old black muscle car, without knowing what it means to be in that car, to be in the passenger side, how Castiel doesn't want to admit it but how it feels like belonging.

Mission by Chris Cornell

The motel carpet feels like sand beneath Castiel’s feet as he stands up, shoes and socks shucked off, trench folded over the back of the chair and leans over where Dean sleeps. Castiel can smell the mint of his toothpaste, taste the soap on his skin, see the places the skin is pulled taut from shaving with his noisy electric razor. Castiel, silent, breathes him in, watching the resulting exhalation move the hairs at the back of Dean’s neck where they rise and curl. He slips off his pants and shirt before climbing into bed beside him, sure Dean won’t wake. He never has before. In the morning he’ll be back in his chair, fully dressed and waiting, but it’s not morning yet.

Did my Time by Korn

Castiel throws Dean against the wall hard, following him in one of those movements that’s not quite human, pressing him down with hips and hands and everything between. It is not, despite it’s appearance, a sexual thing. He is using his hips, his thighs, his hands and his body to dominate, to cow, because the alternative is to beat this being into a bloody pulp. He’s angry. It’s new and he doesn't like it, he wants to destroy, to annihilate, or possibly to lean down and suck the blood from that split lip. “I made this decision for you.” He says and it’s not nearly enough, “I made it," he pauses, “for you.”

From the Edge of the Deep Green Sea by the Cure

The lake stretches out in front of them, trees around it’s horizon and a small jetty with a folding cloth chair. Dean is fishing, or at least dreaming of it. He hasn’t had this dream in a long time. The air is salty and sweet with summer, verdant with the elder trees and the freshly damp turn of last year’s fallage. Castiel sits on the wood beside him, trousers rolled up and feet in the water. Neither of them say a word and Dean doesn't know if this is him dreaming of the angel or the angel dreamwalking with him, he doesn’t care. This is heaven, he thinks, just this, just the lapping of the waves against the wood, the slow exhalation as Castiel breathes, the way the taste of him, a perfunctory kiss before he sat down, lingers on Dean’s lips.

History by bush

Castiel doesn't look at the stars. He doesn't look at the sky. He looks at the ground, at the wonder therein. He looks at Dean, at the imperfections which make him dazzle. He looks at Sam, at the darkness and rage couched there. He looks at mysterious stains on motel room walls. He looks everwhere but the heavens. He doesn’t try to remember it. He thinks about the present, the here, the now. He thinks about Dean, but he doesn’t think about what he has lost, what he sacrificed. He accepts that this is it- That he’s made his bed, and now he must die in it.