It was January 23 of 1912. Aaron walked slowly down the street. He had a duffle thrown over his should and his coat pulled over his face to ward off the bitter cold of the evening. The street was still full of snow for the day's snow storm. The shovelers and the horse drawn plow wouldn't get started until the morning. Aaron was almost oblivious to those things. He needed to go home. The factory where he had been working had fired him for being late. So now, dejected and lonely, he felt it time to go home. He had often complained of the brutal Maine winters so now his escape to the warmer climes of South Carolina seemed the right thing to do.
The Wiscasset depot was just ahead and Aaron hoped he might cajole a cup of coffee from the station master. As he entered the station a warm blast of air hit his face. Aaron stepped inside the door and stamped the snow from his feet. As he looked around the station he saw only two other people there, a man sitting on one bench and a woman sitting across from him on the other. Aaron liked that northern railroad stations didn't have white and colored waiting rooms. Returning to Greenville meant he'd once again be a part of the segregated south. Although he never felt entirely comfortable in Wiscasset Maine he'd never felt unwelcome in the town either. He'd found that although New Englanders warmed up rather slowly to a new person they were all in all fairly even handed in their dealings with him.
Aaron sat down on the bench next to the other man and looking at the woman. Neither acknowledged his presence but they didn't look away or move away as he'd been used to when he was a child. He placed his duffle on the floor and stood back up and walked over to the ticket window. When he got there he didn't see the station master. He thought the man must be using the privy and he'd wait for his return.
"He ain't there." The man on the bench suddenly said.
Not certain what he'd just heard Aaron asked, "What's that?"
"He ain't here. Gone home sick so you'll just have to pay your fare to the conductor." As Aaron looked at the man he saw that he was about 60 years of age, had at least several days growth of whiskers on his face. Then the man asked him, "You waitin' for the eleven twenty?"
"Yup." Aaron replied.
"Good, then you can watch out for the lady here. I told Jack I'd watch over her till the train arrived but now you kin do it." Aaron almost laughed at the man's broad down east accent and his very matter of fact speech. The old man got up and trudged out the door without saying another word. Aaron stood watching him leave and then took his seat again on the bench where he'd left his duffle. As he sat there he looked at the woman's face. She seemed to be about his age, 24, and he thought he recognized her. He wanted to ask her about that but he knew he couldn't. A Negro man didn't start a conversation with a white lady he hadn't been introduced to and even then it wasn't always a good idea.
The suddenly the woman said, "You're Aaron aren't you?"
"Yes ma'am but how'd you know?"
"Weren't you one of the fellas who unloaded the wool bales from the freight cars?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"I thought so. You don't remember me do you?"
"No ma'am." Aaron had long ago found it prudent to be a word minimalist when talking to a white lady for the first time.
"I'm Jeanie. I used to work in the office, bookkeeper. It was a good job till that damn Samuelson fired me.:
"Yes, I remember you now. You give me the water that one time."
"Yeah, damn near got fired for that! Samuelson said I shouldn't give water to no nigger. I wanted to say something but, well, you know."
"Yes ma'am, I know. I didn't know he didn't like us coloreds."
"He hated you. Said you took bread off the table of a good white man."
"Well I'll be damned. And here I thought race didn't mean nothin' up here."
"Well, for most of us it don't but there's some."
"Yeah, there's always some ain't there." Aaron looked up at the station's clock. It was 9:20, they had another two hours. Then he looked over at the stove. It's belly was a cherry red from the coal. He wondered if they'd need to fire it up before the train came.
Aaron thought back to when he'd arrived in Wiscasset a little over two years prior. He'd been a deck hand on a coal barge that ran up the coast. The first mate was particularly mean to him and when he got off at Wiscasset he'd thought everyone had been so nice to him in the town it might be a good place to stay a while. He had been a novelty for a little while being the only person of color in the town.
He smiled remembering the day he was introduced to the widow Johnson, "So Aaron, will we be seeing you at the church this Sunday?"
"What church might that be ma'am?"
"Why the Congregational church of course. Everyone goes there."
"Well that's just not so," replied Hattie a spinster friend of Mrs. Johnson, "now the Unitarian church has almost as many people as we do. Now which church do you go to Aaron?" Hattie asked turning to him.
"Why I go to the First Calvary Baptist church."
Hattie thought for a second and then said slowly, "I don't thing we have one of those do we Mabel?" Mabel was the Widow Johnson.
"Now you know we don't Hattie. Land sakes, the town only has three churches and you've been to all three."
Aaron smiled as he remembered back on the occasion. He'd decided that day that he'd go to the Congregational church. The minister, Reverend Brown, had welcomed him and he joined the choir after a few weeks. Aaron welcomed the friendship of the two old ladies. They always seemed to find him like one time when he went to the Saturday church baked bean supper. The two women had insisted he sit with them and then proceeded to have a conversation with themselves as if he weren't there at all. He didn't mind though. He enjoyed listening to them gossip. He knew enough not to believe gossip but it did give him a window on the town he wouldn't have otherwise had.
Aaron thought back about the various functions he'd gone to in the town over the past two years. He had to admit that he'd become quite comfortable there.
"So where ya goin' Aaron?" Jeanie asked.
"Home."
"How come?"
"Got fired and I thought it time to go back. My momma's missed me terribly and I miss her. My daddy's got sick and he cain't work anymore so they need me to help around."
"Well that sounds like a good thing to do then." Aaron nodded in agreement and looked back up at the clock. It was 10:25. He couldn't believe he'd daydreamed all that time but he was glad to pass the time. "It's gettin' chilly in here." Jeanie said pulling her coat about her. Aaron looked over to the stove. It wasn't red any more. He walked over to it and he could feel only a small amount of heat coming from it. He looked next to the stove and saw the coal bucket was empty.
"I'll hafta go outside to the coal bin and get some more coal." He went outside and around to the side of the station where the coal bin sat. When he got there he couldn't see any coal and he noticed it was snowing hard again. He kicked the snow aside in the back of the bin and towards its corners hoping to come up with at least a few chunks of coal but there was nothing.
As soon as he got back in the station he shook his head as he looked at Jeanie and said, "Now I know why the station master left. There's no coal and it's gonna get mighty cold in her fore long."
Jeanie looked up at the clock and then said, "Well, only another 50 minutes before the train gets here."
"I hope so," Aaron said with concern, "It's snowin' pretty hard out there and on top of the other snow, well, train could be late." He looked up at the kerosene lamps and then said, "You'd think the Maine Central could put electricity in this place." He shook his head and laughed to himself.
Jeanie didn't say anything. She was rubbing her hands up and down her arms.
"Are you cold there ma'am?" Aaron asked.
"Aaron, please don't call me ma'am, sound like you talkin' to my mother. Yeah, I'm getting' cold."
"Lemme look around for a blanket. I bet the station master keeps one in a back room here maybe." Aaron got up and started his search. He found a storage closet next to the baggage room and in it there was indeed a wool blanket. He took it and went back to Jeanie and carefully draped it over her. She smiled as him as she looked up. He thought she looked pretty and now that he could see her eyes he thought they looked particularly beautiful, set deep and dark.
Aaron sat down next to her. "Yep, really hope that train ain't late cause it's fixin' to get mighty cold in here what with the stove goin' out like it did."
Jeanie looked toward the stove and then said, "Yeah, I didn't think of that but it will. How cold do you think it is outside?"
"I dunno but it's mighty cold." Aaron thought for a minute and then offered, "It don't get cold like this down in Greenville."
"Where's that?"
"South Carolina, that's where I grew up."
"Oh." Jeanie wanted to pick up the conversation to help her forget how cold it was getting but it was becoming much more difficult.
Aaron looked at Jeanie and he thought he saw her shivering. "That cold getting' to you ma'am?"
"Call me Jeanie, please, I feel real old when you call me ma'am." Aaron nodded and then Jeanie said, "Yeah, guess I'm feelin' pretty chilly."
"Listen, I don't mean to sound forward or nothin' but if we sit close then we be warmer, you know what I mean." Jeanie nodded. Aaron moved next to her and then put his arm around her. He was prepared for her to push it away but when she didn't he pulled her in a little closer. They sat there for a long time not saying anything. Jeanie had huddled in a little closer to him after a while and then put her head against his chest. She felt the warmth returning to her body and didn't feel chilled any longer. Then she looked toward the clock, it was 10:45. Time seemed to have slowed down to a crawl. It was then she felt Aaron's large hands on her head running his fingers gently through her hair. She had always like having her hair played with and this evening it felt especially good to her. She closed her eyes and languished in the warmth of Aaron's body and his attentive hands. She tried to imagine what kind of a lover he'd be and just as quickly she tried to banish the thought from her mind. But even so she found herself slipping her hand inside his coat and then inside his shirt seeking out his chest. When her hand first touched his naked chest she thought an electric jolt had surged through her body and then she thought his body felt absolutely hot to her touch. She could feel the muscles of his chest as her hand glided over it.
Jeanie looked back towards the clock, 10:50 and then up into Aaron's face. His eyes were closed but there was a smile on his face. There was also a gentleness and a kindness about him that she was curious about. She wondered how such a powerfully built man could have such a soft and gentle touch. She found herself looking at his closed eyes and then suddenly he opened them and instead of turning away as she normally would have she found herself stirred by them. His eyes were deep brown and somehow seemed strong. She pulled her hand from inside his shirt and placed in along side his face as if to reach for his eyes. As he laid his head against her hand she found herself rising up to meet his face never taking her eyes from his as if in a trance. Drawn in Jeanie closed her eyes and then kissed his lips. There was strength there too but also there was warmth and tenderness. How could a man of such power kiss with such tenderness she wondered.
At first their kisses were almost like pecks as they slowly sought one another out. Then the kisses became more pronounced, longer, wetter. She felt his tongue press against her lips and she allowed him to slip in without protest. Jeanie had never let any man kiss her like this before not even after many months of courtship. Why, she wondered, did she allow it now. But then she knew she didn't care either. She liked what she was feeling very much and craved more. She could feel his powerful hands drawing her into him and suddenly she longed to feel the entirety of his body pressing against hers but it was not possible on that bench.
As they continued to kiss Jeanie felt him remove one hand from her back and bring it up her front and over her breast. She let out a little gasp when he first touched her there. His hand stopped moving as soon as she gasped and he looked inquiringly into her eyes. She didn't want him to stop so she smiled in return. Then her mind went off in a direction she didn't want. She wondered what would happen if someone walked in and saw them in this embrace. It scared her a little but she quickly decided she really didn't care. She thought how she'd always cared what other people thought or what they wanted and now it was her turn. It was about what she wanted so she didn't care anymore.
It was then their kissing came on in waves of passion. Jeanie could feel it wash over her and thrilled at the excitement of it. Aaron tried to get his hand beneath the top of her clothing but it wasn't to be. Women's clothing seemed to be purposely made inaccessible.
Then Aaron sat up and looked around. "What is it?" Jeanie asked.
"I was wonderin' if there was some place more comfortable we could find." He got up and started toward the baggage room. Jeanie followed him. When they got to the baggage room Aaron surveyed it and saw a pile of canvass in one corner. He pointed to the canvass and said, "Mebbe we could spread that out and be more comfortable." He said this as much for the purpose of asking her permission to continue as he did for the sake of their comfort. Jeanie just nodded and Aaron then went about arranging the canvasses in a flat pile. A pile of six deep he hoped would afford them a bit of comfort. He sat down on the pile and indicated to Jeanie to sit next to him. As she sat down next to him he pulled her back onto the canvasses and pulled the blanket over the two of them that she had been wrapped in.
Aaron leaned in and kissed her almost immediately. His hands pulled her in tightly against himself. Now Jeanie felt his entire body against her, his heat entering her and then she felt something else. She felt a different hardness against her leg, a hardness she had only felt once before. He was erect because of her and Jeanie felt good she had been able to have this effect on him. The last time it had happened she had lost her virginity to a man she thought she loved and who she thought loved her. But after she had given herself to him his interest in her quickly waned and he'd become indifferent and distant. This time she felt in control. She knew right then that she would give herself to Aaron if he desired and then they'd leave without expectation. It ran against everything she'd been taught but it ran right in line with what she wanted now.
As Aaron continued to kiss her Jeanie slowly snaked her hand down his body and found his hardness. He seemed bigger than the last man but then Aaron was bigger, taller, more strongly built. When she first touched him there she just lay her hand over him and then after a little while she squeezed him and the finally she clutched at him as she ran her hand up and down his erection. It felt like she could feel the power of his lust coursing from his body, through his hardness and into her hand.
Finally Aaron reached down and fumbled with the buttons of his pants. Once undone he pushed them down as far as he could and then pushed down the long johns underneath them. Jeanie lifted the blanket and looked underneath at him. His cock stood out from his body and up toward his belly. She thought if she could see it the tip of his cock would reach his belly. Then she reached down and gingerly touched the head of his cock. It seemed to jump from her hand and then settle back into it. With her thumb she felt the pre-cum on its time and she gently rubbed it in. Then she slowly ran her hand down its girth to his balls. She had heard that colored men were large and although he was not nearly as large as some of the women had thought he still was much bigger than her last lover. She wondered if he'd fit in her and then just as quickly she decided she didn't care.
Jeanie wanted to be naked against him but knew it wasn't going to happen. She got up on her knees and struggled to loosen her underclothes to allow him access to her. She quietly cursed the many layers of clothing she had on but still managed to get them pushed down enough so he could take her. Though he had yet to touch her there she felt a fire burning between her legs and she desperately wanted him in her. She couldn't imagine where such thoughts and feelings were coming from because she didn't ever think this way but she was glad they were coming.
Then she could feel his hot breath on her neck and him kissing her there. She closed her eyes as he sent little electric shocks up and down her body. She found it incredible that he seemed to know exactly how and where to touch her. He was finding places she didn't' know existed.
The Aaron pressed her onto her back and got between her legs. She could see his cock standing hard and proud between his legs. As he brought it towards her pussy Jeanie reached out and took the tip of it with one hand and guided it towards her pussy. She wanted her hand on him as he entered her. She didn't want him to enter her too fast. The tip of his cock brushed down the length of her pussy over her clit and into her. She shuddered as he entered her. He was so large at first she thought he'd surely split her in two. But she also delighted in the sweet pain of his cock making its first entry into her. She felt certain as he rested it deep inside her that she could feel the beat of his heart deep in the swell of his cock. He was throbbing inside her or so it seemed. She felt the gather orgasm coming quickly to her. As he pulled his cock from her she could almost feel her pussy grasping at him. It felt as if the muscles of her pussy would hold onto him and in turn lift her up as he pulled back. Then he was plunging back down into her and she could feel the tip of his cock slam into her cervix. She thought the strength with which he forced himself into her would break straight through her cervix and upward. Now he was moving his cock in and out of her more quickly and her feelings changed with his every movement.
Then Aaron reached down and grabbed her by her ass pulling her up towards him as he continued to fuck her. Jeanie had never imagined a thing such as this and now that it was happening the exhilaration she felt was enormous. The flight of his cock into her pussy now seemed more direct and harder. She felt him almost slamming himself into her now and she closed her eyes as she felt her orgasm well up from with in her. Then she heard herself saying "oh oh oh" as her orgasm reached the surface and spread over her. The strength of her orgasm sent waves of joy through her body. It felt like it shot out in waves from where they were joined and jolted out to her finger tips and her toes forcing her toes to curl in her boots. He continued to fuck her as her orgasm started to wane and then she felt it, his cock swelling inside her and as if it had a mind of its own her pussy responded immediately to it. The orgasm that had been subsiding suddenly came back with a vengeance and stronger than the first, much stronger, so much so that she screamed out the word "oh" and then she screamed it again and again as she was flooded first with her own lustful waves of pleasure and then suddenly she felt herself being flooding by his orgasm and his seed exploding into her womb, penetrating her, seeking and finding her depths. She was certain he'd filled her up.  
The just as suddenly Aaron stopped and said, "What's that?"
As if aroused from a deep sleep Jeanie responded in a bit of daze, "What's what?"
"There," he said, "train's comin', heard the whistle."
Jeanie was about to complain that she hadn't heard it when the whistle sounded again and she indeed did hear it. Aaron jumped up and pulled up his pants looking around himself quickly. "Better get dressed, people be comin' through here and we cain't be found like this."
Jeanie knew the truth to his words and reluctantly got herself back together as best she could. As she stood up she could feel Aarons juices leak out from inside her and onto her pantaloons. She didn't care though. She thought to herself how Aaron had made her feel so alive and so much like a woman. Jeanie knew when they parted that evening it would be the last time they ever saw each other. A part of her wish it didn't have to be that way but a larger part of her realized that it had to be that way regardless of how either of them felt.
As they returned to the waiting room the train was just pulling into the station. They were otherwise still alone in the station. Jeanie looked up into Aaron face with a quivering smile on her face. She thought she might cry but guarded against it. She had so much she wanted to say to him but couldn't seem to form a single word. As she heard the brakes of the train screech the train to a halt she saw Aaron picking up his duffle and swing it over his shoulder.
Before anyone could enter the station Jeanie quickly kissed him on the lips and said, "Thank you, that was wonder." And before Aaron could answer the station door pushed open and a man came through it. He stopped as he saw the two of them together but Aaron moved away quickly and towards the door. As Jeanie followed she wondered what South Carolina was like and if she could get a job down there. She had no idea of how such a thing could happen but she was happy she had a 4 hour train ride to Boston to think about it.