The Midnight Run
by Hooked6 

The Midnight Run – Part Six 

At Midnight I once again ran nude all the way to the track and there, like the previous night, Brooke was already naked by the ticket booth waiting for me.

“I was almost seen tonight,” Brooke said excitedly!! “Old man Johnson was taking out his garbage cans for the morning pick-up. I almost didn’t spot him until I was almost right on top of him!”

“What did you do?” I asked.

“I ducked behind a car parked in the street and waited there until I was sure he had gone inside.”

“Wow! I’ll bet THAT was nerve-wracking, huh?”

“You know it was at the time but now I think of it, it was kind of, you know, exciting. Do you know what I mean?”

“Yeah Brooke, I think I do,” I replied with a knowing smile.

We worked on her starting-block technique like coach had instructed us and ran a bunch of sprints. It was a good workout for both of us. All the while I was admiring her body which was making me horny. I was intrigued by every curve; and by her breasts – they were so perky, so pointy in fact I loved them! I began thinking of what I could do to take a bigger risk of being seen on the way home. I was determined to have a little fun myself after the day I had had already. I deserved it after all.

“Was that a CAR?!” I heard Brooke say nervously as she suddenly stopped running. I looked around and didn’t hear anything or see anything out of place. We both stood there standing for a few minutes as the adrenalin faded away.

“I guess I’m just seeing things,” Brooke said finally. “I must be a bit on edge after almost getting caught by old man Johnson.”

“Yeah, I know how it is. Don’t let your nerves get the best of you. Relax and enjoy yourself!” We then resumed our naked workout on the track. About 15 minutes later we decided to call it a night and started walking back towards the 3-foot fence that encircled the track and stadium. We had no sooner exited the gate and had turned the corner of the visitor’s bleachers when I was suddenly grabbed from behind. Whoever it was had a firm grip on me holding my arms behind my back.

“Well, well, well, WHAT do we have here?”

“Abby!!” I gasped. “How did you . . . Where did you . . .”

I saw Brooke bolting as usual before she too was trapped by these hoodlums. Some friend I thought but then figured she wasn’t that brave anyway. It wasn’t really her fault. So far, these girls had left her alone and I guess she wanted to keep it that way. By running away, they obviously thought she was scared of them and not really a threat.

“Out for a little practice, are we?”

I just looked Abby dead in the eye as she kept talking. “You must LIKE being naked. Look at you all stripped off and ready to go. Saved me the trouble of doing it for you doesn’t it?”

“Look you can’t frighten me and I’m not quitting track camp.” I snapped as firmly as I could even though my heart was pounding away. Damn that makes THREE times this crazy bitch caught me off-guard. I began to get mad at myself for letting that happen.

“Oh, you’re a brave one, huh?” she said as she pinched the nipple of my left breast causing me to let out a small squeak. “We’ll see how brave you are after tonight.”

“Why,” I said swallowing hard. “What are you planning to do? If you hurt me, you’ll be in BIG trouble.”

“Who said anything about hurting you? As I said before, I’m only trying to show you that I can make your life miserable if you cross me. And surely by now you know that I can be really good at that, don’t you?” As she said that she ran her hand over my bare pubic area to emphasize that fact. She got a surprised look on her face and said mockingly “Ooooohh, smooth! Check it out girls, she must have shaved again!”

Each girl took a turn feeling my pelvis and more than a few stray fingers found my clit sending a shock wave throughout my body.

“I kinda LIKE my new look,” I said defiantly hoping to let the wind out of her sails. “In fact, I might just keep it that way from now on.” Man was that ever a lie. I wanted my pubic hair back so bad it was driving me crazy! I was only keeping it shaved to piss Abby off. This was war and I was going to win it, well eventually anyway!!

Turning to her friends she asked, “What do you think girls? Do boys like shaved or unshaved better?”

“Gee I don’t know Abby. That’s a tough one,” the girl holding my arms replied. “Let’s find out!” With that they all started walking dragging me along. I struggled but it was of no use. There were too many of them and they were too strong. After a short distance I saw a small pick-up truck parked behind the bleachers. So THAT’S what Brooke thought she saw! At least I know how they got here.

“What are you doing?” I asked trying not to sound nervous.

“You’ll see,” one of them replied with a giggle. They lowered the truck’s tailgate and forced me into the back truck bed. Once inside they stood me up and pushed me to the front of the truck and turned me around so that my back was against the cab of the truck. “STAND STRAIGHT!” Abby barked. Before I knew what was happening my arms were forced behind me, bent at the elbows and they used long plastic wire-ties to bind my arms parallel to the truck’s roll bar. I tried to get loose but the more I struggled the tighter the straps seemed to get. Two of the girls then used ropes to wrap around my ankles and spread my legs as far apart as they could get them. They secured the ropes to the metal eyelets in the truck bed floor. The result was that I was now standing naked in the back of the truck looking towards the tailgate, arms secured behind my back tied to the roll bar in such a fashion that my chest was pushed out accentuating my breasts. My legs were spread wide and held firmly in place so that my vagina was clearly exposed. I couldn’t move a muscle no matter how hard I tried. The truck side panels offered no cover either. Because I was standing, they barely came up to below my knees!

Abby walked up to me and pinched my nipple again. “Still feeling brave?”

“Hell yeah,” I replied.

“I’ll give you one more chance to avoid all this. You just tell me that you’re going to quit track camp and not try out for the team and I’ll let you go. What do you say?”

“Bite me!” I snapped, instantly regretting my choice of words as soon as they had left my mouth because Abby did just that! She bent down and took my nipple sensuously in her mouth and then using her teeth slowly, teasingly bit down. The sensation was both painful and erotic. She kept up the pressure until I squealed! Then and only then did she let go!

“Don’t try me girly-girl,” Abby said as she waved her arms and the other girls all piled into the truck. Abby sat down near the tailgate as one of the girls returned and handed her a box before running off to get back inside the truck. I then heard the truck’s engine start and the driver slowly pulled away. Holy crap what were they up to, I wondered?

Abby continued opening that cardboard box. My curiosity got the best of me and I finally asked, “What’s in the box?”

Abby pulled out what looked to be a huge flashlight on steroids. “Oh, this little thing, it’s a 3 million candle-power spot light. She pointed it at the stadium and pressed the trigger and to my shock the whole stadium was illuminated as clear as if the sun shown on it during daylight.

I was beginning to get a bad feeling about all this.

Abby sat on the floor of the truck bed against the closed tailgate and faced me as the driver reached the back alley that ran along the shopping centers near my neighborhood. Abby laughed out loud as I began looking around to see where we were going. “Tonight, I guess we’re going to find out how much people like your shaved look or not.”

“What . . . what do you mean?!!”

“Oh, I thought we’d take a little drive. First, we’ll head down through town making sure we drive slow-enough so everyone can see you. Then I thought we’d head to the Starlight Cinema. They’re having a midnight showing of the Rocky Horror Picture Show. You know that movie where everyone dresses up in goofy costumes and acts out the action on the screen while the movie plays. I can’t figure it out but it’s really popular with the high school and college crowd. It’s always packed.” She then looked at her watch. “It’ll probably let out just about the time we get there. I’d say you’re going to be the hit of the show!!” She then laughed hysterically at her own wit only I didn’t think it was funny at all! “Just think how many people will see your naked little ass tonight!”

As we drove along the secluded back alley, Abby began demonstrating the spotlight. She suddenly turned it on and centering it at my pelvis bathing almost my entire naked body in bright-white light!!

“No one will miss noticing you with this on, will they?”

Oh, this bitch was EVIL!! She kept teasing me with that spotlight turning it on for a few seconds then turning it off only to turn it back on again.

“I’d advise you NOT to look at the light unless you want to go blind. Just look out at the side. You wouldn’t want to miss all the people looking at you would you sweet-cheeks?”

As we slowly drove along the back-alley Abby came closer and said, “Look, this is your last chance. Just tell me you’re quitting and we can get you back to the track. Once we turn onto the highway I’m not stopping until I expose you to as many people as I can. What do you say?”

“Eat me, bitch!” I yelled angrily at the top of my lungs!! There was no way I was going to give in to her. Not now, not ever!

If I wasn’t strapped securely in place I would have fainted when I saw the look in Abby’s eyes. I then realized I had done it again. “I thought you’d never ask,” she said giggling and she crawled over to me and looked up at my face.

Don’t you DARE!!!” I screamed as her face came closer the spot between my legs. “ABBY I’M NOT JOKING!! YOU’D BETTER NOT . . .

I was about to reach orgasm when she pulled away denying me my relief, which in itself was more cruel than anything she had done to me so far. The truck stopped at the end of the alleyway – my neighborhood street! “This is your final opportunity,” she said as she teased me with the spotlight again. “I’m not kidding. This is it. What will it be?”

My only thought was what if my mom happened to be out and saw me like this all lit up with this bright light! Hell the light alone was bright enough to attract anyone’s attention!!!

The girls kept the truck idling in place as they waited for Abby’s instructions. It was clear to me that they had planned all this out well in advance. They even knew to wait at the end of this road before proceeding. There was no doubt they would go through with everything just as they said they would.

“Well?” Abby asked impatiently. “I’m waiting.”

I thought of all the reasons why I wanted to be on the track team. I thought of all the reasons why I was sacred to death that she would indeed follow through with what she had threatened. I looked at her, opened my mouth and said . . .


The Midnight Run – Part Seven 

“Hell no, I’m not giving in to you. In fact, you may as well enjoy yourself tonight because I’m going to get my due, you just wait.” I couldn’t believe the boldness of the words coming out of my mouth. But once said there was no going back!

Abby pounded the side panel of the truck and shouted, “Head on out girls!”

As the truck started moving, I instinctively tightened my butt cheeks and muttered quietly, “Oh crap what have I done!!”

The truck slowly turned the corner and I saw the stop sign that I so boldly ran out to naked and touched that first night near the 4-lane highway not so long ago! Looking back that was nothing compared to what was about to happen to me now!!

The girls turned into the strip-type shopping center and proceeded to drive up next to the sidewalk near the stores. “Let’s see if anyone’s at home, shall we?” Abby said chuckling. “Oh look! Is that Billy Thompson from school in that store?”

My head swiveled so fast to check it out I almost strained a muscle. “WHERE?!!!” I asked excitedly.

“No . . . my mistake, it’s just a mannequin, see? I wonder what he’d think of your tiny tits with the humongous nipples? Do you think he goes for women with flat chests? You know, even that mannequin has a bigger chest than you and she’s made of plastic!”

“Damn you!”

“Gee, if I didn’t know better, I’d say you had a crush on ole Billy Thompson. Maybe he’s at the picture show tonight.” She said with an evil cackle.

“Shut up!” I snapped flippantly. “Just shut up!”

I couldn’t help but look into EVERY store now. Lights were on in most of them but they should all be closed, but one can never be sure that someone might not be working late at night. My heart was pounding and my clit was throbbing as I realized that at any minute my greatest fear might be realized – that someone might see me naked. I couldn’t stop that from happening now even if I wanted to! Abby’s comments about my chest made the stress of being seen all the worse for me. Running naked by myself made me feel beautiful. Being seen by strangers would be so humiliating! The “not knowing” of who or when or even the “IF” was all too maddening. The stress was unbearable! I tried to act brave but it was a losing battle. I’m sure Abby knew the tension I was under and she seemed to be enjoying – no make that relishing it to the max!

The truck left the shopping center and headed toward the grocery store. The lights in the parking lot were a bit brighter here than they were at the darkened strip-shopping center, not that it really mattered. I knew people might be at this store because there were cars in the parking lot. From my experience people were always working here at this store even if it wasn’t open.

My eyes were glued to the large storefront windows scanning for any signs of life. Then it happened. The truck slowed and I saw a girl sweeping the floor near the window. Abby turned on the spotlight bathing my body in bright light. This caused the girl to look up. The look on her face was priceless – first she was confused, then when she realized what she was looking at she ran to the front, pressed her face to the window and smiled a big open-mouth smile and laughed! She actually LAUGHED!!!

The girls stopped the truck as if on cue so she could get a better look. I saw her turn around and wave her arms at the back of the store as the truck started moving again. Thank heavens we were leaving! My relief was short lived. All the girls did was turn to their left and then maneuver the truck perpendicular to the store window and began backing the truck up towards the girl. I was no longer giving her a profile of my naked body; she was seeing me head-on!! I wanted to crawl under the nearest rock.

Just then I detected some movement inside the store to my left. I then saw two boys running towards the window. They too were all smiles as they stared at my naked body. They must have been the ones the girl was waving her arms at. I wondered what they were thinking. Did they like what they saw or were they making fun of me as well? ‘MOVE THIS DAMN TRUCK’ I silently pleaded. Abby of course played with that damn spotlight turning it on and off – aiming it first at my breasts then my vagina. She was having a ball! I wanted to desperately close my legs together – oddly enough not to keep them from looking but rather to squeeze them against my clit which was literally aching for something to touch it! I was sure the spotlight accentuated the wetness between my legs. It must have been glaringly obvious, first, because of my own juices and secondly because of Abby’s slobbering all over it.

All I could do was watch as they pointed at me smiling. Well at least they were just looking. Then I saw one boy raise his cell phone and a flash went off. My Gosh, he took my picture!!! That jerk took a picture of me NAKED! I hadn’t thought about that possibility. Oh crap, I wondered how many times THAT would happen tonight.

After an agonizingly long time, the girls started moving the truck again. They continued on to the next shopping center and slowly cruised around the parking lot next to each storefront. My body was so worked up it didn’t know what to do. Each passing store caused me to build up such a level of excitement I could hardly stand it. Yet with the passing of each store, there was no relief!

I was beginning to see how the girls hoped to get me to the theatre complex without getting pulled over by the cops – they would stay in these parking lots. Heck they could travel for miles this way only getting onto the main highway just enough to get access into another parking lot whenever necessary.

I was seen several times – almost at a rate of every other shopping center. This was maddening!!!

As we cruised one large big box shopping center, I saw the girls head for the Burger Queen located on out-parcel of land in the parking lot near the highway. The sign confirmed my worst fears: “Drive Thru open all night!” The truck pulled into the drive through lane at the back of the building and stopped next to the order sign. A male voice asked, “May I take your order?”

“I’d like two large Cokes please,” said one of the girls from inside the truck.

“That’ll be $3.25 at the window please.”

“Thank you,” the girl driving said laughing hysterically.

She pulled around the restaurant and stopped at the window just a little short. As yet I was still far enough back from the window, I didn’t think he could see me. I heard the window open and the boy repeat the total. I heard some shuffling from the cab behind me and I assumed the driver was paying the dude. The truck sat there and shortly thereafter I heard the window open again. “Thanks,” I heard one of the girls say and the window closed again. The truck started to move forward and I thought I had made it home free. Maybe they were just thirsty and this wasn’t a part of the original plan.

The truck slowly pulled past the window and stopped as I was even with it. The horn then honked and the clerk looked up and stared at me in surprise. He then smiled and opened the window. The girl driving shouted back, “Can we have two straws, please?”

“Ah . . . yeah . . . sure thing,” he said and I saw him nervously reach down, grab two straws and start to bring them up to the window and dropped them on the floor. What was HE nervous about? “I” was the one naked!! He tried once more and was so mesmerized by the sight of a naked girl out the window he dropped the darned things yet again! This went on for three more times. No wonder he dropped them every time – he never took his eyes off me – not once! Finally, he got it right but the girls up front couldn’t reach them so they had to back the truck up. While they were doing that another car came up to the window right behind us!! Two college-aged guys were in the car and they hooted and howled out their windows.

“What’s going on?” one guy asked.

Abby popped up from her sitting position in the back of the truck and answered, “She gets off on being naked in public.”

“Why is she tied up?” the other boy queried.

“She’s also into bondage. She LIKES this sort of stuff!” Abby then turned on the spotlight and aimed it right at my vagina, “See how wet she is?”

“Man, that’s AWESOME!” the guy driving said. “Does she do Fraternity parties? We’ve got one coming up. She’d be the hit of the frat house for sure!”

“Of COURSE, she does parties,” Abby replied enthusiastically. “Her name is . . .”

“ABBY NO!” I pleaded but it was too late Abby said it anyway.

“Her name is Katie Lynn Turner and she’s in the College Student Directory. Give her a call.”

“THANKS!” the guy said excitedly. “Katie Lynn Turner. I got it!”

Abby was laughing hysterically as we pulled away. “Looks like you might just turn out to be the hit of the college crowd!” All I could think about is what if they actually called and my mom answered the phone? I’d be dead for sure! Then I realized that I wasn’t even IN the College Student Directory. I was still a senior in High School and let out a sigh of relief.

Before long we turned into the Parking lot of the Starlight Cinema. True to her word the parking lot was indeed full of cars even this late. I glanced at the marquee sign and to my revulsion there it was: “Midnight – Rocky Horror Picture Show!” I had hoped that Abby had made all that up and that the film wasn’t even in town. I found out later it had been in town for over a year playing every Wednesday night at midnight. It was sort of like a cult thing drawing all sorts of crazies to act out the movie dressed in ridiculous and often times daring costumes. If you don’t believe me just Google the movie, you’ll be amazed!

The truck pulled right up to the theatre’s main entrance and parked about 75 feet away from the main doors. Of course, the BACK of the truck was facing those doors so that I would be easily seen when people left the theatre. The girls shut the truck engine off and waited. We were still somewhat in the shadows which I was grateful for. Abby stood up and came over to me and whispered, “You should have accepted my deal when you could have.”

“Look,” I said firmly, “I played along with your little game but enough is enough. Turn me loose.”

“No can do sweet-cakes. I gave you your chance and you declined remember?”

“I’ll scream! Someone will surely call the cops and you’ll be in BIG trouble then.” Naturally it was all a bluff. If I DID scream and someone DID call the cops I’d be embarrassed beyond belief and how would I explain having to testify at the hearing. It would all come out. Surely, they would bring Brooke in and she’d have to tell all about our naked runs and my streaking the neighborhood. Everything would be revealed – probably even get in the paper. What would my mom say? How would I explain all this to everyone I know? No, I just hoped that she would buy my bluff and call it quits.

“So, you’ll scream, eh?” Abby said with a wry smile. “I thought of that. I’m no amateur you know.” She walked back and reached into the box and brought out a ball-gag and proceeded to place it in my mouth ultimately securing it around my head. “As I recall, you’re into bondage, right? This fits right in!”

She then did something I NEVER expected. She reached into the box and pulled out a tube of lipstick. She made two large red circles on my cheekbones and colored them in and then painted my lips above and below the ball-gag. The way she did it she wasn’t very careful about it. I was sure I looked hideous! She then pulled out some kind of pink flimsy cap and put it on my head. It looked like it was made of pink gauze-like material with long goofy feathers hanging out from all over the place. The significance of this I failed to grasp. I just assumed it was to call attention to me and to further add to my humiliation. If that was her intention it worked, I was humiliated.

Just then I heard voices – lots of voices!!! The doors opened and a crowd of people began leaving the theatre. I watched as most of them headed noisily for their cars. Abby was right about one thing. They were indeed mostly all dressed in costumes and some were pretty, um revealing.

Abby stood back and said those words that struck fear into the very core of my being: “Its SHOW time!”

She then turned on that stupid spotlight illuminating my nudity for all to see!!!

I heard a girl call out as she pointed in my direction, “Hey what’s that over there!”


The Midnight Run – Part Eight 

My legs felt weak as I saw several people head in our direction, then a few more, then a few more! Many theatre patrons just headed towards their cars but the curious and the adventurous meandered to our truck.

“What’s going on? I this some sort of initiation thing?” a young man asked as he reached the truck.

Abby produced an evil grin and took control of the entire situation. She stood up proudly as if this was all somehow normal and began to speak to the ever-increasing crowd.

“Thank you all for your attention,” she said in her best emcee voice. “My associate, Katie Lynn,” she explained stopping long enough to wave her arm gracefully in my direction, “who is best known for her movie role in the porn film ‘Lesbian Fury' would like to invite you all to see her latest film, ‘Bound and Determined’ now showing at the Venus Theatre on Clark Avenue.”

“Hey I’ve heard of that movie,” some dude shouted out laughing.

“Have you seen it yet, big boy?” Abby asked playfully.

The man standing next to him poked him in the ribs and said jokingly, “Naw, his wife won’t let him!” Everyone laughed at his comment.

“I’d like to encourage everyone to see it. But even if you can’t here’s your chance to help with a worthwhile charity event. Katie Lynn has obtained a silent sponsor who has agreed to donate $20 for every signature she can collect here tonight.”

Another dude in the back spoke up and shouted supportively, “I’m all for supporting charitable causes, where do I sign?”

“On her skin, of course,” Abby said as she waved a magic marker at the crowd.

“What’s the catch?” he asked. “How much does it cost?”

“No catch, just sign. Katie Lynn will show the signatures to her silent benefactor later this evening and he will tally them all up and contribute twenty dollars for each legible signature he can find. Now who wants to be first?”

“I AM!” said a young man at the foot of the truck.

“EXCELLENT! Step right up . . . careful now, don’t slip and fall off the truck and hurt yourself. We aren’t liable for any injuries you know.” The young man eagerly climbed up on the truck and took a marker from Abby. He gave me a wicked look as he made his way to me and the crowd applauded and hollered like a bunch of party animals at Spring Break!

I couldn’t believe it! Abby had out done herself this time and I hated her for it! Not only was this man and countless others going to get an up close and personal view of my body but they were going to TOUCH IT – no make that DEFACE it by writing on it and there wasn’t a thing I could do to stop them! I was bound and helpless. The conflict within me was almost unbearable. The little voices were silently shouting in my mind yelling “NO, STOP LOOKING AT ME – GET BACK and stay the hell away from me!” On the other hand, I was so horny that I wasn’t sure I wanted them to leave! “YES, come closer and touch me, PLEASE touch me,” my body was pleading, with all the hormonal excitement it could muster. I had no idea what I really wanted.

The young man knelt down in front of me, much to the delight of the crowd which by now had worked itself up into a small frenzy. He was about to grab hold of my thigh, ostensibly to spread the skin out to make signing easier when Abby stopped him. “Hold on there, big guy,” she said reaching out to grab him by the arm. My first reaction was: “that was cruel!” My body felt betrayed and that little voice shouted at her – “WHAT ARE YOU DOING - DON’T STOP HIM!!!” My eyes about popped out of my head though when I saw what she was now holding up to the crowd!

“Just to make sure NOBODY gets too fresh or out of line,” she said laughing almost to the point of hysterics, “I think we need to put this in place to keep you all from taking unfair advantage of her!” My humiliation was complete as she waved the long purple vibrator at the crowd. She gave me a menacing glance and then turned it on. I’m sure nobody except the few of us in the truck actually heard the buzzing because of all the hooting and hollering. Much to my chagrin she proceeded to insert it into my vagina! It slid in ever so easily without any effort at all, a fact that seemed to please Abby to no end and its oscillating rhythm sent shockwaves up my spine. She whispered to me, “Best try and keep this in for your own sake, sweet-cakes.” I was so embarrassed as everyone looked at that thing shoved up inside of my personal place. Since my legs were tied spread apart, all I could do was to just try and squeeze my vaginal muscles as best I could.

The young man who was now visibly aroused bent down again and ran the marker along the inside of my thigh signing his name! I couldn’t believe it! I gave a boy a boner!! Imagine ME doing that! It was all so exciting. When he was through, he smiled at me and said, “Thanks!” and gave the marker back to Abby. The next boy signed his name on my little right boob, playfully giving it a squeeze. This went on for several more people including a couple of more boys and, to my surprise, a few girls. The girls were the meanest. A couple of them even taunted me by sliding the vibrator up and down inside of me taking me right to the edge of ecstasy – then they would quit and suddenly walk off. That was so cruel!! And then it happened.

I saw him! Billy Thompson, the boy I had a crush on was leering at me savoring my exposed flesh. I struggled against me bonds in a desperate attempt to flee! All the others I had noticed in the crowd were strangers. Here was somebody I actually knew – AND WOULD SEE AGAIN at school. He too eagerly climbed into the truck and gleefully took the marker. As he touched the inside of my right leg, I lost control. My breathing quickened and my body began to jerk uncontrollably then suddenly the force of my vaginal contractions unceremoniously expelled the gooey phallus right onto the truck bed with a loud clank as Billy just looked on in amazement! Everyone watching knew what had just happened including Billy Thompson and they all began laughing their dang fool heads off! I was mortified beyond belief!

“Did I do that?” Billy asked Abby hopefully, who was too bent over in hysterics to even manage an answer. Billy looked right up between my legs at the gaping hole before him and just stared for the longest time before one of the girls made him hurry up and sign so others could have a turn.

Much to the pleasure of the crowd I expelled that vibrator several more times before the evening was through. Each time it was at a moment of intense orgasm and each time afterward I felt intense shame at what everyone had just witnessed. Such a private thing shouldn’t be shared in such a public setting.

I’m not sure how long I was at the theatre as I was so lost in my personal passion of pleasure and shame. When the girls finally said it was time to head back, I felt a slight depression come over me. Somewhere deep inside of me I didn’t want it to end.

Upon arriving at the school, I was literally dumped off the truck and onto the ground as the girls sped away with Abby shouting, “That’s the last we’ll see of her! Surely she’ll quit the track team now!” The laughter of the girls faded away as they headed off into the darkness. I was so completely exhausted and emotionally spent, all I could do was lay there for a while taking it all in. The front of my body was literally covered with signatures. If there really had been a charity fund event, I would have raised hundreds of dollars! What a mess I was. I was so overcome with emotions I didn’t know what to make of it all. I just collapsed on the grass and let my mind wander.

When I DID finally come to my senses it was almost 5 o’clock and I realized I would have to hurry to beat my mom before she awakened and discovered I was missing. I ran at my best speed down the alleyway. Yes, by now the bread and soda vendors were there at the back of the grocery store and yes, they got another eyeful as I ran past. I even got a round of applause from one of them who obviously appreciated my body. After what I had been through already that was the least of my worries!

When I got to the house, I saw that the bathroom light was on! My mom was already UP! I was in a panic that she probably had already noticed my empty bed. All sorts of excuses ran through my head as to what I was going to say to explain myself – especially if she caught me naked wearing lipstick on my cheeks and smeared across my lips! I was sure I looked like a tramp. Unfortunately, all my reasons sounded pretty asinine.

There was no putting it off. I had to get back into the house. My neighbors would be awake soon and heading off to work. I couldn’t stay on the porch much longer. I swallowed hard and opened the door and tip-toed inside. When I saw that the bathroom door was still closed and heard the shower running, I quickly made my way down the hallway and into my room. I literally threw on my nightgown and panties and collapsed on my bed with my heart racing a mile a minute. I closed my eyes and mentally kicked myself for being so stupid!!

I was startled by a noise at my door and, upon opening my eyes I saw my mom standing there looking at me in the still darkened room, the only light coming from the hallway. Realizing I still had that stupid lipstick on my cheeks I quickly turned on my side away from her and feigned a yawn.

“Where were you?” My mom asked calmly. My heart nearly exploded as I realized that she KNEW!! “You weren’t in bed when I got up?” she said matter-of-factly. That’s it, my life was over I thought. There was no use in lying. I might as well just come clean. It will be easier on me in the long run. Just as I was about to turn over and confess my sins, I heard her ask, “Where you out to get the paper? Is it here yet?”

“Yeah . . .” I replied nervously still lying on my side still facing away from her. “I didn’t see it though so I went back to bed.” I wasn’t sure she really bought my answer but I was grateful for the opportunity that fate had given me.

My mom stood at the door presumably staring at me. “You looked a little flushed,” she said sounding all motherly. “Are you feeling alright? I thought your cheeks were pretty red.”

“I’m fine,” I said trying to sound put out like I usually do when she gives me the third degree. “It’s just this heat. It’s so darn hot out lately.”

“Well just the same you’d better take it easy this morning.”

“Yes MOM!” I replied flippantly and buried my face into the pillows just in case she was on her way over to check on me. She didn’t though and once again I seemed to have gotten away with it.

I stayed in bed until I heard my mom leave and then got up. When I saw myself I the mirror I almost fainted. I looked hideous. I looked like a tramp. Then my eyes focused on THE SIGNATURES! I had forgotten about the signatures! Even though I was wearing my nightgown and panties, the bold signatures made with the back marker covered my exposed arms and legs!!! I didn’t fool my mom. She MUST have seen them! I was so depressed. I was sure that when she returned home, I would be in for it but good!

I crashed back into bed feeling sorry for myself. All I could think of was what Billy Thompson was thinking about me right now. How many people would he tell? What would people say about me when school started? I could hear all the boys in school snickering as I passed them in the halls between classes. I could clearly imagine how the girls at school would treat me – like a little slut! I felt ashamed and sorry for myself.

I began to get depressed as I felt all my life’s energy fading away leaving me listless and apathetic. Then that little voice began speaking Abby’s last words as she drove off into the night, “That’s the last we’ll see of her! Surely she’ll quit the track team now!” The more I heard those words the angrier I became. True, I did in some bizarre way enjoy myself last night, but it wasn’t ALL fun and games. Abby was nothing but a cruel and mean-spirited person and I wasn’t about to let her get the best of me! My competitive spirit was strong and I decided that I was going to win this battle and make that team no matter what!

My thoughts turned to revenge. I had to have a plan. This would take some time and a lot of patience but it would be worth it. I was going to make Abby pay and pay dearly. I wasn’t sure what I was going to do but it had to be special and VERY public!


The Midnight Run – Part Nine 

Buoyed by my competitive spirit and motivated by revenge I was now more determined than ever to go to track camp today.

I jumped into the shower and tried desperately wash off the grime and lipstick. Those came off fairly easily. What didn’t come off at all were those darned signatures! Try as I might, those scribbles across the front of my entire body were just as black and just as clearly legible as when I first started washing myself. They didn’t even smear! I must have spent 45 minutes scrubbing myself until I almost rubbed my skin raw and still they were there! What on earth was in that marker, some type of permanently indelible ink? Time was running short if I was going to camp so I dried myself off and went to my room to get dressed.

I looked through my wardrobe for something to wear that would cover my arms and legs but not look out of place. Everything I tried was just too hot! If I covered myself as I needed to in order to hide the signatures, I’d collapse for sure from heat stroke on the track, not to mention how ridiculous I’d look in ninety-degree heat.

“That’s the last we’ll see her! Surely she’ll quit the track team now!” There were those words again. I decided that the best way to send Abby a stern message that I wasn’t a quitter was to show up for camp dressed as usual. She’d never expect me to do that!

I put on my usual attire: sports bra, jersey and shorts and jogged to the school. Yes, I know I looked like a total dweeb and that the other girls would probably tease me unmercifully but hey, the look on Abby’s face when she notices I’m still at camp would make it all worthwhile.

As I expected, snickering was the order of the day as my classmates saw my arms and legs. I wasn’t sure if word had leaked out among the camp participants about what had happened to me the night before and to their credit nobody asked me. Still the mocking gaze of their eyes and the strained looks on their faces as they tried to stifle a grin did little to bolster my confidence.

“Huddle up,” coach shouted as he made his way across the field. He examined his clipboard and began speaking, “Today we are going to do time trials. As you all know this will be the final step in helping us determine who will make the team this year. I hope you will all . . .” he suddenly stopped speaking as he spotted me standing there. There was an awkward silence as he tried to take it all in.

“Katie Lynn . . . what on earth?” he said with a wry smile.

The girls all began chuckling. It took all I could do just to stand there and take it. It was then I spotted Abby for the first time. She wasn’t laughing. She had the look of total shock! I KNEW she wasn’t expecting me to be at camp today. THAT’S the look I was hoping for. Once again, my confidence reigned supreme!

“What coach? Oh . . . these,” I said pointing at the marks on my arms and legs smugly. “These are just the signatures of my supporters hoping that I’d make the team. I’m quite popular as you can see. Lots of students are cheering for me to do well.”

He shook his head in disbelief and smiled from ear to ear as he noticed the marks on my body. I was sure he knew judging from the fact that some of the marks went very high up my legs disappearing under the fabric of my short running shorts that the marks came very close to my pussy. If he only knew!! I could only imagine what he must be thinking. First seeing me naked in the locker room and now this!

“Yes, well, that’s very nice Katie Lynn. It looks like you have quite a following there. But you do realize that whether or not ANYONE makes the team this year will be based on merit, NOT popularity.”

“Yes, coach,” I said looking right at Abby. “I realize that only the BEST will make the team. I’m sure no matter what stunts anyone tries to pull they will have no effect on your decision.”

“That’s right, Katie Lynn” he said as he went about announcing the order of our trials that day. Abby gave me a scowl when she heard my words. I just knew she was fuming inside and I LOVED IT!!

When my turn came, I found myself running my best times of the camp. My adrenalin was so high my muscles just gave me all that they could give without complaint. I was pleased with my performance but was it good enough?

When the last of the participants had finished, coach had us all wait on the bleachers while he went into his office. Sometime later he returned and said, “Everyone listen up. First, I want to say how much I appreciated each and every one of you for all your hard work. I wish everyone could make the team but we are limited as to the number of spots allowed by the state. The names I will call will be representing the school as part of the 2008 varsity track team. Abby Cakes . . .”

It figured she would make the team.

“Paula Trevors, Susan Haygood . . .”

So far, all the names he read out were veteran runners from last year. Oh, PLEASE call my name. If I didn’t make the team all this humiliation would have been for nothing! He just HAS to call my name.

The longer I waited the greater the smile grew on Abby. With each announcement that wasn’t my name that stupid grin of hers got worse. She would LOVE it if I failed – especially after showing up today! There were four of us left. Down to the bitter end and still no mention of my name!

“And the last member of the team . . .” coach said as he paused, squinted a bit and readjusted the clipboard closer to his face, “Gee, I can hardly read my own scribble.” Everyone laughed but the tension among the four remaining girls was excruciating!

“And the last member of the 2008 team is . . . Katie Lynn Turner.”

I jumped out of my seat and shouted out with all the excitement I could muster. I had MADE THE TEAM!!!! Despite Abby’s best efforts to make me fail, I had made the team!!! You would have thought I had just won the lottery or something the way I carried on.

My euphoria was short-lived, however, as I looked down and saw the face of my naked midnight running partner, Brooke. Her name wasn’t called. She didn’t make the team. I immediately shut my big fat mouth and sat down quietly next to my new friend. I gave her a hug and whispered how sorry I was.

Inside I wanted her to make the team too. We got along so well together. She gave me moral support, which I was going to need a lot of with Abby still on the team.

“I want to thank all of you for your hard work,” coach went on. “Those making the team please stay for a few minutes after camp.” Coach then took the remaining girls aside and chatted with them as he walked them toward the locker room.

Abby came over to me with a stupid grin on her face and said, “I didn’t think you had it in you.”

I just gave her the meanest look I could manage.

“Still, it all worked out okay didn’t it? I’m on the team and you’re on the team. Man, you must have wanted it pretty badly to show up here all marked up like that.” Her three cohorts laughed in support.

“I’m tougher than you think,” I snapped back angrily. “I made this team on my own ability with no help from anyone.”

“Yeah, well let’s see IF you can pass the initiation.” Abby said with a wink to her friends.

“What??”

“It’s a tradition, you know. All new members of the team go through an initiation. Don’t tell me you think you’re too good for that.”

“No . . . I mean, well, I’ve never heard of such a thing. I think you’re making all this up.”

“You haven’t? Why don’t you just ask those girls over there on the bleachers? They’ll tell you I’m speaking the truth. We’ve all been through it. If you pass the initiation you’re accepted by the team. If you don’t, you’re ostracized. We can’t kick you off the team but we CAN choose to have nothing to do with you. You won’t get any support from us throughout the season, generally we’ll make your life miserable and we will all certainly bad mouth you to everyone we know – might even have to tell a few tales about a certain naked midnight runner that stalks the local neighborhood.”

“You wouldn’t . . .”

“Up till now we haven’t said a word, not even to the rest of the team. They don’t even know about your Rocky Horror Picture show debut.”

“Oh, this is insane!”

“Just ask them if you don’t believe me.”

I decided to do just that and went over and began talking to them. To my astonishment they seemed quite friendly and even congratulated me on making the team. Paula Trevors was the most cordial even remarking what an asset I’d be in the 880-yard run this year. I then asked them, “Is there really some sort of initiation you all went through?”

The girls giggled and Paula replied, “Well yes, we don’t talk about it much but it’s a tradition.”

“I thought Abby just made that up.”

“Abby? I’d stay away from her if I were you,” Paula said cautiously. “She’s a wild one, that girl. Best not get too close to her, that’s all I’m saying.”

NOW they tell me. Where were they with that advice on the first day of camp? “Thanks,” I said politely, “I’ll keep that in mind.” We chatted a few more minutes and I didn’t get the feeling they thought badly about me, in fact, just the opposite. Maybe Abby was telling the truth after all. They didn’t seem to know anything about my exploits or if they did, they didn’t let on that they knew. I was skeptical but accepted things at face value and eventually returned to Abby.

“Well?”

“I guess you’re right,” I said with a sigh. Abby just grinned. “If I was tough enough to make it this far, I’m tough enough to make it through the initiation.”

“That’s the spirit,” she said and she and her friends left me alone standing there wondering what I had gotten into now.

Coach returned and talked with us about the types of weight training he expected out of us on a daily basis and dismissed us until the start of the school year, which was just next week.

As the girls left for the locker room I lagged behind. I saw Brooke walking towards the bleachers so I went to her to console her over her disappointment.

“Oh, that’s okay,” Brooke said pragmatically. “I knew I was on the bubble. Thanks to you, though, I know I can do it, besides there’s always next year!”

“That’s right!” I replied giving her a hug.

“You ARE still going to do your midnight training aren’t you?” she asked hopefully.

“Well, um . . . I don’t know. I hadn’t thought about that.”

“Oh, please say you will. I NEED your help. Besides didn’t we have fun together?”

“Yes, but . . .” I stammered not wanting to add to her disappointment. I didn’t really want to push things any further than I needed to, but I didn’t want to alienate my friend either.

As I was thinking it over, she said excitedly, “If you say yes, I’ll tell you a way you can embarrass Abby.”

My eyes widened. “Of course, I’ll keep running. I was going to say that anyway regardless of whether you help me with Abby or not. I have BIG plans for that bitch don’t you worry. It will take a while but I’ll get even. But I’m up for a little impromptu humiliation though, what did you have in mind?”

Brooke seemed ecstatic that we would continue our nightly outings. She then leaned over and said in a whisper. “Abby may ACT all tough on the outside but I’ve noticed she is really quite shy.”

“ABBY, SHY?”

“I think so. I’ve noticed in the locker room that she always waits until she thinks everyone is gone before she takes her shower. That seems to me like she’s not too proud of her body when it’s naked. I think she’s just a tease with the boys. Strutting around all sexy-like and proud, it’s all for show.”

“Oh REALLY?” I said sarcastically. “THAT, my friend, is a tip worth knowing. Thanks a lot.”

“Be careful,” she said cautiously as she got up to leave. “I could be wrong about all this.”

“Maybe, but I think I’ll just find out for myself.”


