"Come in," Anna said stepping aside to let Mason Tolliver enter the house. It had been eleven years since the two of them had been in that house- her mother's house-together. She slowly followed him through the foyer and watched him shrug out of his blue blazer. He stopped at the closet and hung it up slowly. Then, he toed of his shoes and pushed them into the closet with his foot.
She couldn't help smiling. It was as if he still expected her mother to fuss at him for walking on her carpet with his dirty shoes. If she was still alive, she would have done just that. It was remarkable to see that her childhood friend was just as trained as she and her brothers and sisters. Mason knew the rules, after spending so many years playing at her house, he was conditioned. Her mother would have been proud.
Anna and Mason had met in third grade when she and her family had moved to The Hollow. They had been one of only two black families in the tiny Tennessee town. That hadn't stopped Mason from befriending her on the first day of school. For years his racist father had cussed him for running around with "that little black girl" and his mother had silently agreed. Mason, however, did not buy into their beliefs. He saw something in his best friend Anna Bella Townsend. She was fun and they got along great. Her family was big and loud and had quickly to give him his own seat at their dinner table. Even after Anna's father had left the family, they were raucous and fun. Her mother hadn't been depressed or angry, she'd just moved on. He had wondered what his own mother would have done if she'd been left to raise him on her own.
Mason had loved Anna's mother. Miss Sophia took him in every day. She didn't complain about having one more mouth to feed on a child that wasn't one of her own. She just shoved plates full of scrambled eggs with buttermilk pancakes, peanut butter and banana sandwiches, and fried chicken with mashed potatoes, buttered cornbread, and collard greens in front of him every day. It was as if she somehow knew that he wasn't eating that well at home. Then again, how could she not know? When he'd first started visiting, he'd been skinny as a stick.
"Tut, tut, tut," she'd said, placing her meaty fists on her generous hips. "You aint got nothin' keepin' you from blowin' away in a strong wind, boy! Get in this kitchen and eat somethin'. You aint leavin' MY house hungry!"
She had fed him at least one meal everyday of his life back then. Even after his mother had had some choice words with her in the supermarket about feeding her son "whatever slop it is you eat", Miss Sophia hadn't stopped giving him food. If anything, she piled his plate higher. To keep his mother quiet, Mason never bragged on how good her cooking was again, though. He didn't want her insulting his best friend's mother and make her tell him not to come over and play anymore.
Mason cleared his throat as he shut the closet door. "So, where do we go from here?" His voice was uncharacteristically quiet. His pale face glowed yellow in the dimly lit hall and his strawberry blonde hair looked almost red. He trained his emerald green eyes on Anna and she squirmed uncomfortably.
Anna ran her French manicured nails through her dark brown hair and sighed. How had she gotten herself into this position? Somewhere along the line she'd resigned herself to never speaking to Mason again, much less having to deal with the fact that she'd had his daughter, and given Bella to her sister Leena to raise. The past six years had been a blur of modeling jobs, red carpets, and parties. She'd managed to almost forget that one day she'd have to tell Mason the truth. He hadn't been in her world. He hadn't been in her mind. Then, her mother died and her world had tail-spinned out of control, landing her back in the hills of Tennessee face to face with her childhood playmate and the father of her only child.
She had been sixteen when she left The Hollow to live with her father in Nashville. He had been a record producer, working with mostly gospel acts and a few country music artists. Her mother had been so proud of Anna for forgiving him and allowing him back into her life. Maybe she had been able to do that because she had been the youngest and less affecting by his leaving than her siblings. She had missed Mason terribly and after a few years decided to visit him at University of Tennessee in Knoxville. She'd told her father she wanted to visit her mom, which wasn't a total lie. The visit was cut a few days short so she could see Mason at UT.
He took a three day weekend, skipping classes that Friday so they could spend every moment together. She gave him her virginity in his dorm room that first night and they spent the rest of the weekend in bed. Lucky for them, he didn't have a roommate, or maybe unlucky because she found out she was pregnant two weeks after she got back to Nashville. Just after her nineteenth birthday, she went back to The Hollow and had the baby with her mother's help. When her sister Leena came to visit from Richmond, Virginia, Anna begged her to keep the baby for her, just until she figured out what to do with her life.
One year later she was an up and coming model, but the lifestyle wasn't conducive with being a single mother, so Leena had kept Bella while Anna sent her money every week. Six and a half years later, Anna had still been running from responsibility, until her mother died. Now, she was left with a house full of memories and Bella sleeping soundly upstairs.
"Are you still mad?" Anna asked crossing her arms in front of her protectively.
Mason rolled his green eyes. "What do you think, Anna? I was pretty upset when I thought that you had fucked me and dumped me seven years ago. Now, you tell me that I have a daughter that you've been hiding from me? How the hell am I supposed to feel?"
Anna wanted to cry. He was right. She'd been a selfish bitch. She'd hidden the truth from him for all these years and he hadn't deserved that. He'd been in love with her since they were teenagers and she'd trampled his heart by ignoring his calls after their weekend together. Then, she stomped on it again when she'd shown him Bella earlier that day. He'd known as soon as he looked at that child. His face had twisted into a mask of realization and shock before she'd even opened her mouth to introduce them. Bella had his shocking green eyes and her butter cream complexion made it obvious that her father was white. She wasn't anywhere near Anna's cinnamon brown. Her long, smooth chestnut brown hair had been pulled back in a braid that reached the middle of her back. She had a lot of his facial features too, she was all him, except for her mother's perfect little bow mouth.
"How many times do you want me to apologize?" Anna hissed through clenched teeth. She went on the offense as she grabbed the large wood ball that marked the bottom of the banister. Her knuckles whitened she held on so hard.
Mason's eyes filled and he turned away to hide it from Anna. "As many times as it takes to give me back the last six years with my daughter."
Anna cringed at his cold tone. The words dropped heavily like blocks of ice. "Are you going to take me to court for custody?" It was a fair question.
"How can you ask me that?"
"Well, you are a lawyer. I assumed that would be your first thought."
Mason turned back to her and frowned. "Do you even know me?" He pulled her to him by her upper arms and for a fleeting moment she thought he'd shake her. Her forearms bumped against his chest, he pulled her so roughly, but he wasn't fazed at all. "Do you have any idea how much I loved you? Don't you think I know how much it would hurt you if I took custody of her?"
Anna couldn't look into his eyes. They were so intense. She'd loved the bright color when the two of them were young and those eyes were full of mischief. Now, they radiated with pain and seemed to bore into her soul, as if searching for something. She stared at his white oxford shirt instead. "Well, love for me won't get in your way anymore so what do you care?"
Mason let go of her arms and pitched his hands roughly through his strawberry blonde curls. He squeezed his eyes shut. "Is that what you think? You think I don't love you anymore?"
"Of course you don't love me anymore. It's been seven years since..."
"God, Anna," Mason said so loudly, she glanced up the stairs, silently hoping he hadn't woken Bella. He noticed her wary look and lowered his voice. "You can't turn off love, dammit. If I could have, I probably wouldn't be divorced right now. I still love you and I don't want to hurt you."
Anna stared at him in awe. "But you've been horrible to me ever since I came back here. You ignored me at the funeral and asked me to sit in the back of the room when you read mama's will. You called me a selfish cover girl and said I only cared about phony Hollywood types and not the real people that cared about me before I got famous. You said I was..."
Mason held up a hand to stop her rant. "I was angry. I've been mad at you for seven years. Don't you realize the only reason I've stayed so pissed is because I still LOVE you?! If I could make myself not care, I wouldn't be mad. I'd be indifferent. I wouldn't give a shit...but I do! I always have."
Anna felt her stomach drop. She'd thought about the two of them sitting at her mother's kitchen table all alone one Sunday morning. She was thirteen and he was fourteen. He'd asked her who she was going to marry when she grew up.
"I dunno," Anna said shrugging her narrow shoulders. "I don't think I wanna get married."
"Cuz of your parents?"
She nodded slumping back in the rickety wood chair. She didn't really feel like talking about her dad.
"What about me?" Mason asked dropping his eyes to study his pale bare toes.
"I don't think you're s'posed to marry your friend," Anna said thoughtfully. "It's s'posed to be somebody your in love with."
"Oh," Mason said with a shrug. "I guess your right."
Now, he stood there with his soul searching eyes studying her dark ones. Had he been in love with her then? Had it been the same love he'd confessed when they'd had sex in his dorm room? She wanted to hug him and apologize for her blindness, and yes, for her selfishness. Yet, she didn't know what to say.
"Did you ever love me?" Mason asked in a small voice.
"Of course I loved you," Anna answered honestly. "You were my first love and probably my only real love. That was just so long ago."
"What about now?" Mason had heard what he'd been waiting years to hear, but he wanted more. His hands shook as he kept them trained at his sides, they wanted to touch her. He couldn't let them...not yet.
"I don't know," Anna said folding her arms again. "Everything is different now. We're not a couple of horny teenagers anymore."
"So you don't love me?"
Anna cringed at those words. She thought about Bella sleeping upstairs in what used to be her bed. Bella had Mason's eyes, she had his narrow nose, and she had his slender frame. Anna had named her Bella because Mason used to tease her with her middle name all the time. When she had his daughter, she wanted the name to remind her of Mason. She had loved him, there was no doubt. She'd had a fucked up way of showing it, but there was no doubt that she loved him.
His green eyes caught hers for the first time since he'd walked though the door. "Did you stop loving me, Anna? What the hell happened?"
Anna shrugged. "I never thought about it. I was too busy working to support myself and Bella. I couldn't think about what I'd lost...or never actually had."
Mason sighed and ran a hand over her cheek. He let it rest on her shoulder and kissed the same cheek he'd just touched. "You've always had me. All you had to do was call."
Anna smiled for the first time in days. Her heart did a quick flip-flop. "I still love you Mason. I always have."
"Thank goodness," he said gruffly before pulling her by the waist. She landed against his chest with an "Oh" of surprise. Before she could say anything else, he'd covered her mouth in a kiss. Anna felt her stomach jump. She'd never imagined she'd find herself back in Mason's arms after everything that had happened. He felt so good against her. He had been a skinny kid, but filled out nicely. She could feel his muscles. His chest was rock hard as her breast crushed against him and she could feel the tense muscles in his forearm when she let her hand rest there.
Anna parted her lips and accepted his hot tongue. He moaned into her mouth and she felt her panties dampen. Her initial surprise was taken over by longing and undeniable lust for him. She found her head and quickly unbuttoned his stiff shirt, pulling his tie off and dropping it onto the wood floor.
"What the hell are you wearing?" Mason muttered as he reached, almost to her knees to pull up her nightshirt.
"Pajamas," Anna said breathlessly as she pushed the dress shirt off his shoulders and tugged open the gold metal belt buckle on his belt.
"Weren't you in the Victoria's Secret catalog? This isn't very sexy."
Anna rolled her eyes, but smiled. "I wasn't dressed for seduction. I was dressed for sleeping." She wiggled as he pushed the red and black checked pajama pants down her ass and stepped away from them when they pooled on the floor. She'd managed to get his belt undone and plunged her hand into his pants to feel his hardness. Her pussy creamed when she wrapped her hand around him and he groaned.
Mason pulled the black bra straps from her shoulders and let her generous breasts spill out of the cups. Her light brown breasts were full and heavy. He was pleasantly surprised by the fact that she hadn't gotten implants, given her line of work. If he remembered correctly, she was a 38C, unless having a baby had changed that. He didn't bother asking; he just took one hard nipple into his mouth and sucked. Anna moaned and began gently running her fingers through his soft hair.
Anna loved having her nipples sucked. They were sensitive and bolts of pleasure moved from her nipples to her pussy and back again. She shuddered as she stood in the foyer, almost naked. The lights from a car passing broke the darkness that was outside the front window and Anna jumped. They were in the front hall. If Bella woke up, she'd find her parents half-naked in a common area of the house! That wouldn't work.
"Mason," she whispered. He didn't move and she was tempted to leave him be as his tongue slid over her nipple again. "Mason, we have to go upstairs." She patted his head.
He reluctantly pulled away, leaving her moist nipples to wrinkle and stiffen as the cool air hit them. They gathered the clothes they'd thrown on the floor and quietly crept upstairs. Anna led him to the room where she'd been sleeping. It had been a guest room since Leena had left home. The full size sleigh bed was her favorite. It had the newest mattress and she loved the mahogany head and foot board. The sheets and comforters were covered with tiny yellow and white daisies and were badly rumpled, even though she hadn't been in bed yet that evening. Anna wasn't the best bed-maker. That's one of the reasons she had a maid in back home in California.
Mason didn't seem to notice the rumpled covers as he sat on it to remove his black socks. Anna slipped her black panties off and joined Mason, on her knees beside him. He sat there for a moment staring at her.
"Don't run away again," he said tracing a finger along her sleek jaw line. "Promise me you'll stay a while."
"I promise," Anna said quickly. She had a fleeting thought of her apartment and agent, both abandoned in L.A. She'd deal with them later. Right now she just wanted to be with Bella and Mason.
Mason smiled and pressed her flat against the bed with a large hand on her shoulder. He kissed her deeply as his fingers made their way from her face, down the valley between her breasts, over her stomach, and finally, into the folds of her womanhood. She moaned as he pressed her clit, sending quick waves of pleasure through her body. Anna could feel his dick hardening against her thigh. She couldn't remember wanting to be fucked so badly. She had to feel him again.
"Please," she whispered after pulling out of their kiss. "Please fuck me Mason. I just can't wait any long-ah."
Mason's heart leapt in his chest. He had her. Not only was Anna begging for him, she'd slipped back into the Southern drawl they'd grown up speaking. For some reason he didn't think those words would have sounded so sweet if she'd used that Californian non-accent she'd picked up.
"Okay, baby." Mason whispered with a quick kiss before he left her to pull off his white boxer shorts.
Anna took the opportunity to pull down the covers and climb under. Mason never took his eyes off her. She hadn't changed that much since the weekend that had created their daughter. Her smooth cinnamon colored skin was still dark and beautiful. Her almond shaped brown eyes had the same sparkle he'd remembered and her body was still amazing. He licked his lips hungrily as her long limbs disappeared under the daisy splattered sheets. Mason quickly joined her. He pulled her close, letting her warm him a bit. The old house was drafty, insufficiently insulated from the crisp October night air.
Anna smiled up at him and their mouths connected again. Mason closed his eyes as he tried to take every bit of her in. He'd tried over the years to remember the way she smelled, the way she felt, the way she tasted, and the sounds she'd made as they made love. He'd missed her, through his anger and resentment, he'd missed her. He brushed her soft, dark hair back from her face and thought about the times he'd seen her on tabloid covers, bold black headlines stating that she was with some other man. His belly burned with envy those days. He'd growl out loud as he snatched whatever rag it was and thrown it into his grocery cart. He'd gotten more than a few odd looks from the people standing in line around him.
Karl Martinson, he remembered, that was the first guy. He'd been a tall, dark- skinned basketball player and the picture showed Anna sitting on his lap at her twentieth birthday party laughing. Inside the magazine, were shots of them kissing and dancing. Next was Ben Shillinger, an actor, a blonde leading man. Mason had literally cringed at the pictures of Shillinger holding hands with Anna as they walked down a beach in Aruba. That tabloid-created love affair was squelched after Ben came out in The Advocate four months later. Nic Baptiste was next. The two had been engaged for almost two years until E!News broke the story that Anna had given the Greek shipping heir back the 4-carat engagement ring. Mason had actually been relieved, that had been the one bright spot during his divorce.
Anna noticed the change in Mason immediately. His kiss had gone from soft and sensual to demanding and possessive. She opened her eyes and tried to push him back with her hands on his shoulders. He relented and opened his eyes.
"Are you okay?" Anna asked quietly.
Mason buried his nose in her neck. She smelled like the sweetest flower ever made. "I'm better than okay, Anna Bella."
She opened her mouth to protest the use of her middle name but faltered when she felt him move over her and spread her legs apart with his knees. She opened for him and sighed when she felt his dick press against the folds of her pussy. He lingered, pressing the bulbous head of his cock against her wetness. She lifted her hips and the head spread her apart, now, just inside her. She felt him shudder, then push further.
Mason sucked in his breath sharply as Anna's pussy opened for him. His mind flashed to the first time they'd had sex. They had been in the same position. She'd looked at him with fear and excitement written all over her face. He'd been gentle as he could, not letting his own excitement cause her any more pain than she already had to go through when he broke her virgin membrane.  
There was no fear in her face now, though. The only thing he saw was lust. She gazed up at him, idly chewing her full bottom lip and lifted her hips once more to urge him deeper. Mason groaned as his cock sunk further inside her warm wet flesh. "Damn," he muttered before closing his eyes and plunging into her completely. She squealed under him, surprised at the sudden filling of her cunt. Mason had gone in to the hilt in one swift motion that had caused their bodies to slap together, his pelvis rubbing her clit for a split second.
Mason stilled a moment relishing the soft warmth that surrounded his cock. "Oh Anna," he muttered just as he began moving in and out of her.
Anna sighed and began clutching at Mason's broad back. She wrapped her long legs around his narrow waist. Mason grabbed her waist to try and bury his rod even deeper. He wanted every inch of her; he had to touch the deepest part of her. "Harder, Mason," Anna said breathlessly. "Fuck me hard-ah, baby."
Mason growled, his dick swelling at her dirty words, coming off her tongue wrapped in that sweet Southern drawl. He began moving faster and her brown tits bounced wildly. He caught both dark nipples in his hands and squeezed. Her dark bullet stiffened under his rough touch, but her pussy began to spasm with orgasm. Anna's dark eyes squeezed shut and her hips bucked. Mason released her breasts and growled again as her pussy clenched at his cock. Anna's nipples were still wonderfully sensitive. She quivered beneath him as her orgasm abated.
Mason pulled Anna against his chest and she slowly kissed his pecs, collar bone, and shoulder. He managed to slip onto his back, never letting her go. He stayed deep in her pussy and kept her pressed against his body.
Anna sat up, grinned wickedly, and began to move on his dick. He felt good so deep inside. Her long black lashes fluttered as she shut her eyes. She dropped her head back, letting her long dark brown hair graze the tops of her ass cheeks. Anna braced herself on the bed, lifting herself so only the head of Mason's dick stayed inside her. Then, took him back in, just as quick as he'd dived into her. Mason held her waist tight as his emerald eyes rolled back. She rode him wildly, holding her tits firmly so they didn't bounce too hard. She thumbed her stiff nipples and moaned loudly.
"I'm close, Anna," Mason said softly. "I'm so close." He kept one hand firmly on her waist and let the other caress her flat stomach, tracing a path down and around to cup her round brown ass.
Anna dipped a hand between them to flick her delicate clit while tugging gently on her rigid nipple. "Cum with me, baby," Anna mumbled through clenched teeth. She could feel her orgasm quickening. With one more rub, her body flushed hot and her orgasm overtook her.
Mason's own balls contracted as her tight pussy milked him. "Augh," he grunted filling her with his seed.
Anna collapsed beside him on the bed, her skin quickly pimpled as the air hit her sweat-damp skin. Mason pulled the covers over both of them and settled against her. Anna's back pressed against his chest and he inhaled her sweetness, a blend of perfume, shampoo, and sex.
"I'm so glad you're home," Mason confessed quietly between kisses on her naked shoulder.
"Me too," Anna said with a smile. They fell asleep in each other's arms for the first time in seven years. They both hoped it wouldn't be the last.