Sundays are boring... No customers and plenty of time to tease
each other and become so sexually frustrated. After 5 hours we
were on the brink of explosion. My boss would walk past me from
behind and slowly slide his hand up the back of my leg and
lightly touch my pussy as I stand behind the counter. My knees
melt and my face speaks a thousand words. My pussy would be
begging for him to touch it again, feeling his fingertips lightly
brush over my clit, it was becoming more and more sensitive as
the time ticked on. I would get my own back and tease him by
slapping his ass or grabbing his cock in my hand, bite my lip and
walk away to carry on with what I was doing. We glance at each
other and smile as we both imagine fucking each other. We start
talking about the sofa which is upstairs in the training room
next to the office, how he would destroy me.. I needed to feel
his cock inside my wet pussy. It got to 4:30 and we thought screw
it, I locked the shop door half an hour early and we literally
ran upstairs, he stopped when we got to the top and kissed me
before slapping my ass. We get to the sofa and I push him down,
kiss him and undoing his trousers, pulling his trousers down and
whack his hard cock out of his pants. Looking him directly in the
eyes I start to tease his cock with my tongue, tickling his tip
and slowly sucking it in my mouth, going deeper and deeper. ''I
want my cock deep inside your pussy'' I don't even have to say
anything before I find myself lying on my back, his cock teasing
the entrance to my pussy. I tell him to fuck me hard, and oh my
he obliges. Dropping it deep inside of me he pounds me hard and
fast. I cant help but moan loudly, grabbing the back of his hair
pulling him closer towards me. Biting his neck and the top of his
ear, I find my fingers scratching down his back begging him not
to stop. He moves his cock in circular motions deep inside my
pussy hitting my spot with every turn. No words have yet to fully
describe how amazing it feels. After thrusting deep inside me we
cum at the same time and hold onto each other for a second
after.. We quickly head downstairs to make sure customers aren't
trying to get into the shop which is supposed to be open.
Standing side by side behind the counter we sigh with the feeling
of being satisfied, but then tell each other we will probably
want to go again in 10 minutes. The clock finally hits 5pm. He
has already gone upstairs and finished the banking. I lock the
shop door and head to the office. As soon as I walk in he grabs
me and I push him against the desk, kissing so passionately,
feeling his hands wander down my back and grab hold of my bum. My
fingers run down his chest and grab hold of his erect cock
through his trousers. I kneel down and once again undo his
trousers. Taking his cock in my mouth I look up at him moaning.
He sits down on the chair in the office and I tell him I want to
sit on top riding his cock. Within seconds my trousers and pants
are on the floor and I sit on top of him with my hair brushing
against his face as I bounce up and down. I lean forward so he
can see his cock sliding into me slowly from behind. He grabs my
ass cheeks and squeezes them with both hands. I moan and tell him
to slap my ass, the sharp pain feels amazing as I grind his cock.
After a few minutes I turn around and sit facing him. Slowly
kissing him as I slide his cock back inside my soaking wet pussy.
Using slow rocking motions, I feel his cock bury deep inside me.
I can't help but stare into his eyes and moan. He picks me up and
bends me over the desk. Slamming his cock deep inside of me I
grab onto the edge and push back feeling it slide in deeper. I
arch my back and he wraps my hair around his hand and pulls me
back onto his cock. Smacking my ass with his other hand we fuck
for a good few minutes before he says ''Fuck this I want you on
the sofa again'' I follow him into the next room, pushes me onto
the sofa and climbs on top, pushing my legs up. Slides his cock
back into me and goes deeper than before and doesn't stop driving
his cock inside me until I've cummed all over his thick cock.
Grabbing hold of my waist he cums deep inside of me. Holding onto
the back of his hair I don't want to let him go. Knowing in about
ten minutes we will want to do it all over again we tidy up the
shop and head out to go our separate ways home...  
