Draco chuckled at something that Fred whispered his ear as they carried the basket full of potion ingredients back towards Hogwarts in the twilight. Draco's shirt was decidedly rumpled and looked as if he had just thrown it back on, and a few bits of grass were caught up in his tousled hair, hinting rather strongly that he'd been rolling around in the grass very recently. There was a bright sparkle in his eyes and he was almost glowing with happiness because he'd had a wonderful afternoon and evening, and he had a decidedly sappy grin on his face that would have had Harry teasing him in a heartbeat, if he saw it.

Fred was walking with one arm around Draco, grinning and looking just as happy as Draco did. He also had bits of grass in his hair and on his clothes, which were just as rumpled as Draco's were if not more so, and there was something about the way he was carrying himself as they started up the stairs to the main doors that said he was extremely proud of himself.

Fred leaned closer to Dray again then, nuzzling his hair with a smirk. Draco moved his face around and kissed his boyfriend, then whispered with a little grin, "Stop that, we have to get back to the dungeons."

Fred kissed him again, grinning against Draco's lips as he murmured, "We'll get there... Eventually."

Draco giggled slightly and nipped gently at Fred's bottom lip, then heard a throat clearing nearby and started, turning to look as he felt his face heating up.

Remus had been on his way out to find Hagrid and ask him about getting his help with a class trip into the Forbidden Forest, but when he opened the main doors and saw Fred and Draco standing there in the twilight kissing and looking like they'd just had a rather thorough tumble in the bushes, his plans changed. "Boys, don't you think you could find a better place for that? Especially since Minerva is on the warpath again tonight?"

Draco shifted the basket in his hands, his face flaming as he stammered, "Uhm, hi Uncle Remy."

Fred looked up at Remus, trying to ignore his own slight blush. "Evening, sir. Professor McGonagall's unhappy?"

Remus pursed his lips slightly, trying not to chuckle at the look on Draco's face. "Hello Draco, Fred. Yes, she's spitting fire. Seems that Katie Bell was found in the Prefects' bathing room in a, uhm, compromising position with Roger Davies. Minerva's determined to catch any of her other charges who might be breaking the rules, and George and yourself are at the top of her list." Remus pulled his wand and waved it, cleaning the boys up before he added, "I heard her say something about you and George disappearing hours ago, Fred, and I believe she has Peeves looking for you as well."

Fred looked rather more relieved than anyone should at hearing that. "Oh good, had me worried there for a bit. Peeves won't help her catch us, we're mates."

Draco blushed a bit more at the way the cleaning spell tingled. "And George is studying with Harry, but Peeves can't get into the family suite after Papa set up the wards to keep him out."

Remus quirked one eyebrow at the boys, looking amused as he asked dryly, "Studying, eh?"

Draco smiled slightly at Remus and echoed, "Studying."

Remus snorted softly, his amber eyes twinkling. "And I suppose you and Fred here were just taking a walk, eh?"

Fred tried not to grin but didn't manage very well as Draco lifted the basket up a little, giving Remus an innocent smile. "We were gathering potions ingredients for Papa and Mum."

Remus couldn't help a chuckle as he opened the door wider and waved the boys up the stairs. "Well, at least you've a good excuse."

Fred put one hand at the small of Draco's back, urging him up the stairway as he grinned at Remus and said, "We did take a long walk, sir, honestly."

Remus gave Fred an amused look as the boys went through the doorway. "Before, or after?"

Fred tried to ignore the fresh blush on Draco's cheeks and his own as he replied truthfully, "Both. We took a long walk along the lake, then we had lunch and gathered some herbs and plants for the Potions Professors before we started back."

Remus looked searchingly at the two boys and then smiled, deciding he liked what he saw. "Very good, then. Do remember not to give Minerva any reason to scold either of you, please? She'd not look kindly right now on one of her seventh years dating either of the Malfoy-Snape boys."

Draco muttered, "The old cat would do better go get shagged by Grandpa Albus and leave us alone."

Remus laughed, surprised. "Draco, really!"

"You and I both know it's true," Draco replied, beet red but looking almost annoyed. "A good knobbing and she'll be more polite than Colin Creevey trying to get into Papa's pants."

Remus looked somewhere between shocked and amused as he tried not to laugh, asking incredulously, "Draco, what's come over you?"

"Nothing." Draco gave his beloved uncle his best Slytherinly smirk as he glanced out the corner of his eye at Fred, adding almost as an afterthought, "Yet."

Fred snickered a bit, trying very hard to keep a straight face.

Remus looked from Draco to Fred and back again, then laughed. "I don't want to be anywhere in the vicinity when your mother finds out about this, Draco. I know absolutely nothing about it."

"Deal," Draco replied cheerfully, grinning as he winked at Remus in an almost flirtatious manner.

Remus snorted softly, smiling and thinking that Fred was very good for Draco, but that the two of them might well not be good for the rest of the school. "You had best go and let George know that McGonagall is on the warpath. You've barely an hour until curfew, and if they've been... studying ... for the last three hours they just might need a bit of time to get, uhm, organized."

Fred snickered and muttered, "Or awake."

Remus laughed. "Yes, exactly." He turned as if to go, then turned back, looking Fred in the eye as he said more firmly, "You boys will take good care of them."

Fred's expression immediately become much more serious as he nodded. "Wizard's honor, sir."

Remus smiled, looking just a bit relieved. "Good then. For what it's worth, you have our blessing." He turned to go again, calling over his shoulder, "Have a good evening boys, and stay out of trouble!"

"G'night, Uncle Remy," Draco replied, grinning as he nudged Fred with his elbow.

Fred grinned at Draco and then looked towards Remus' retreating back as he called, "Good night sir."

Remus waved over his shoulder at them and continued on down the hall.

Fred turned his attention back to Draco. "Come on then, love, we'd best get going. He had a good point about only having an hour to get them presentable and get Georgie and myself back to our dorm."

"You'll be there before McGonagall can even sneeze your name," Draco replied with a happy smile, starting towards the dungeons again.

Fred grinned and walked along at Draco's side. "If we're quick about it, she'll not have any reason to be saying my name."

"Then you better hurry up," Draco teased as they started down the stairs, balancing the basket on one arm so that it was between them as they walked, mostly to keep either of them from being tempted to stop and start kissing again.

Fred reached over the basket to poke Draco in the ribs, laughing. "I'm keeping up with you, and I can't get into your parents' wards without you, so why do I need to hurry?"

Draco gave him a mock-condescending look. "Freddie, we have to hurry because you and I both know that George and Harry are probably chasing each other around the suite naked by now."

Fred snickered, his hazel eyes sparkling. "Actually, I expect they're wound down to the cuddling stage. They've had quite a while to do the running about."

"But still naked I bet," Draco replied, trying to look serious even though there was a bright mischievous glint in his eyes as he led Fred through the labyrinth of the dungeons.

Fred smirked and tried not to laugh, lagging behind a bit and letting his gaze roam over Draco's body as he followed him along the hallway. "Of course... Naked's the most fun."

Draco snickered and didn't reply, deciding it would be best to drop that train of thought before they got too distracted by it, and continued through the hallways, eventually stopping in front of the family suite. When he reached the portrait of the Bloody Baron -- before he was bloody -- he paused and out of habit glanced around to make sure no one but Fred was nearby, then whispered the pass-phrase. "In veritas draconis."

Fred took advantage of Draco's pause at the portrait to step up behind him and rest his hands on Draco's waist, nuzzling the back of his neck as he murmured with a grin, "Very fitting password love."

Draco looked over his shoulder, smiling back at Fred as the portrait swung open and the portal behind it widened to allow their passage. "It's my personal one. Papa thought it would be a good idea for Harry and I to have our own."

Fred chuckled softly and kissed Draco quickly, then rested his chin on Draco's shoulder and let Draco tow him into the room. "Smart. Do they work only for the two of you?"

"Yes," Draco replied with a smile, "Dad set the wards so they would recognize us only." Draco set the basket of herbs on the living room table, looking around warily for any signs of his parents had returned unexpectedly.

Fred let him go, pretending to pout. "Damn, no sneaking in then."

Draco turned around, satisfied that the parents weren't there yet, and reached for Freddie, drawing him close. "Unfortunately."

Fred wrapped his arms around Draco's waist, grinning. "Well, at least we can sneak into the dorms."

"Mm-hmm." Tilting his head to the side, Draco leaned forward and kissed Fred, taking his time as Fred kissed back gently, reveling in the feel of having Draco in his arms. Draco pecked Fred's lips gently as he pulled away after a few minutes, smiling shyly and feeling flushed as he murmured, "I like doing that."

Fred smiled back, the look in his eyes soft and loving. "So do I."

Draco reached up and stroked Fred's cheek with the tips of his fingers. "If I kiss you again, I'll forget about Harry and George and you'll get in trouble with McGonagall."

Fred smiled and leaned into Draco's touch a bit, getting a twinkle of mischief in his eyes. "Wouldn't be the first time."

"True," Draco admitted with a smile, "but I have a vested interest in you not being in trouble."

Fred grinned suddenly, running one hand up Draco's back. "Oh yeah?"

Draco nodded, returning the grin. "Yeah. Now let's get the two lovebirds in some sort of working order so you can get back to your dorms and Harry and I can talk shop."

Fred smirked and echoed, "'Talk shop'? Going to compare notes, eh?"

Draco returned the smirk, his pale blue eyes dancing with amusement. "Like you and George aren't?"

"Did I say that?" Fred asked, his smirk not fading a bit.

Draco leaned up and licked the tip of Fred's nose, then pulled back, grinning. "Just making sure. Now come on."

Fred's expression suddenly got very wicked. "Are we going to knock or just surprise them?"

"It's my room, too," Draco said, smirking wickedly at Fred. "Besides, it's not like I haven't seen Harry naked, and I'm guessing George looks just like you."

Fred smirked. "Well, you'd be guessing correctly, for the most part. He's usually got a few more interesting hickeys though, he quite likes being bitten."

Draco raised an eyebrow and then gave his head a slight shake. "Nope, I don't want to know. Really I don't." Fred snickered at that and Draco brushed a soft kiss at the corner of Fred's mouth, then reached down to pat the front of Fred's pants gently as he teased, "And I know you'll need that taken care of, especially since you wouldn't let me do it."

Fred grinned wickedly and stepped closer. "I'll think about you in my shower tonight, if you'll think about me." He paused and then added with a little laugh, "Or even if you don't, but it'd be nice to think of you all wet and panting, touching yourself and thinking about me."

Draco caressed Fred's half-hard erection once more before taking his hand away regretfully as he smiled and murmured, "You are as much of a tease as I am, I think. I'll be thinking of you when I wank, I promise."

Fred leaned even closer and kissed Draco quickly, then whispered softly against his lips, "Maybe soon we'll be able to do that together."

Draco smiled and nodded, kissing Fred once more before he pulled away a bit further and echoed wistfully, "Yeah, soon."

Fred looked searchingly into Draco's eyes but didn't say anything, trying to decide if he was doing the right thing by insisting they go slow even though he knew they both wanted more. Draco saw the questioning look in his eyes and gave him an open smile full of understanding and more than a little bit of gratitude, and Fred decided he was doing the right thing for Draco. It wasn't going to be easy to walk that fine line between not enough and too much, but Fred knew it would be worth it. Draco was worth anything.

Fred smiled, kissing the tip of Draco's nose and then resting his forehead against Draco's as he said cheerfully, "I love you, you know."

"I know." Draco smiled, grateful that Fred could so freely admit that as he added tentatively, "I think I could possibly be completely and utterly in love with you, too."

Fred smiled back, something gentle and patient in his eyes as he replied in the same cheerful tone, "I hope so, it'd be kind of lonely being in love all alone."

Draco chuckled softly and rubbed his nose against Fred's. "Wouldn't want you getting lonely."

Fred grinned and nuzzled Draco's nose, then his grin faded a bit as he said reluctantly, "We really do need to get those two moving. If they're asleep it might take a bit to persuade George he really has to get dressed."

"Definitely," Draco replied with a sigh as he pulled away, knowing that if he remained in Fred's arms much longer he wasn't going to leave them at all.

Fred reluctantly let go of Draco, nodding. "Remind me to give Katie hell for sending the old cat on a rampage."

Draco smiled and nodded as he said, "You got it."

Draco turned away then and headed towards his and Harry's bedroom with Fred following right behind him, both of them pausing as Draco opened the door quietly. Draco smiled when he saw his brother and George were curled up together in Harry's bed, glad that they looked as good as he had always thought they would. Somehow, knowing that Harry and George looked so right together made Draco more certain that he and Fred were perfect for each other, too.

Harry and George were both sound asleep, Harry's back pressed against George's chest while George spooned up behind him with one arm wrapped around Harry's waist holding him close. Both of them were naked with the covers kicked into a carelessly tangled pile that hung halfway off of the foot of the bed, and their clothes were scattered across the floor around the bed, obviously shed in a hurry. Harry's glasses were on the table by the bed, laying on top of two wands and next to a small open pot of lubricant that hinted as to what had gone on before the two on the bed finally fell asleep.

Fred moved closer to Draco then and leaned to look over his shoulder as he slid his arms around Draco's waist, murmuring into his ear, "They look beautiful together, don't they?" He paused slightly, then added, "Like they belong together I mean."

Draco leaned back against Fred, smiling at the tableau in front of them as he whispered softly, "I think they were made for each other."

Fred smiled and nodded slightly, kissing the corner of Draco's jaw before resting his cheek against Draco's as he murmured softly, "I wonder if we look like that?"

Draco moved one hand to rest on Fred's arm. "I like to think that we do."

Fred moved his other hand to cover Draco's, smiling as Draco squeezed his arm. They both just stood in silence for few moments, taking in the way their brothers looked together, but after a little while Fred nuzzled Draco's cheek with a soft sigh and murmured softly, "We should wake them."

"Maybe McGonagall would let you two stay over tonight," Draco whispered hopefully, "If we get Mum, Papa, and Dad's permission I mean."

Fred kissed Draco's cheek, loving that he wanted them to stay as he whispered back softly, "She might on a weekend just to get us out of her hair, but I doubt she would allow it when we've classes the next day."

Draco sighed. "You're right. Okay, we'll sneak you up into the tower." He pulled away from Fred then, moving forward a step as he added, "Come on, let's wake the sleeping beauties." He didn't wait for a reply before he cupped his hands around his mouth and then yelled loudly into the room, "This is the Police, we've got you surrounded!"

Harry jerked and tried to jump up but got tangled up with George's feet, landing in the floor by the bed on his arse rather hard as he let out a yelp, looking around wide-eyed.

Fred laughed and applauded. "Oh, bravo."

George opened one eye and looked at Draco, mumbling, "That's the last time you watch those bleedin' American shows on Dad's idiot box."

Fred snickered at that and moved into the room to start gathering clothes, throwing them at George as he picked them up. "Get your lazy arse out of bed, Georgie. McGonagall's on the warpath and we've got to get back."

Harry grabbed the sheet and wrapped it around himself, blushing as he gave Draco a dirty look and muttered, "You're evil."

Draco blew a kiss to Harry and smirked wickedly, his blue eyes twinkling as he headed into the bathroom to get Harry's robe. "I love you too, Harry."

George grumbled and got to his feet, then helped Harry up too and wrapped his arms around him, kissing Harry and licking into his mouth. Harry made a soft pleased noise and sucked at George's tongue as he lifted both hands to wrap his arms around George's neck, letting the sheet fall to the floor. George ran his hands over Harry's bare back then and down to cup his arse, pulling him closer as Harry melted against him and then growling softly when Harry bit gently at his tongue.

Fred tossed George's jeans onto Harry's bed and then flopped down on Draco's, stretching out on his side. He watched Harry and George with a smirk as he said conversationally, "Y'know, as nice as you two are to watch, you'll never get dressed at this rate."

Draco came back with Harry's robe then and shook his head, moving past George and Harry. He reached out on his way by to pinch Harry's butt, laughing when Harry squeaked and then flipped him off over George's shoulder. Fred snickered again and scooted over a bit on Draco's bed, patting the space in front of him. Draco pushed Fred to his back and climbed onto lap instead, straddling his hips as he smirked down at him and said, "I think they really like kissing, don't you?"

Fred grinned up at Draco, resting both hands on Draco's waist as he replied, "About as much as we do, I'd guess, only they've had more practice."

Harry squeaked and pulled away from George's kiss to look past his shoulder at Fred and Draco, watching them wide-eyed.

Draco smirked and wiggled his eyebrows at Fred. "So true. Might as well catch up on our... practicing."

George turned then to look at Fred and Draco, smiling. "Well blow me to next month, you two finally got together. It's about bloody time!"

Harry started grinning like an idiot as Fred lifted his hands to lace his fingers together behind Draco's neck, not bothering to look at George and Harry as he said teasingly, "Why Georgie, you're becoming a master of stating the obvious." Draco ignored the others as well as he leaned down and kissed Fred's jaw, nipping at it gently as he moved his hands to rest on Fred's chest.

George smirked. "Smartarse."

Fred smirked a little bit, running his fingers through Draco's hair as he murmured, "Among other things." He moved then to catch Draco's lips with his own, kissing him lovingly as Draco let out a soft, happy noise and melted against him.

"I don't think they'll be lonely anymore," Harry murmured to George, grinning from ear to ear. He wrapped his arms around George's waist, leaning against George's back and watching Fred and Draco over his shoulder.

Draco licked softly at Fred's lips, purring almost like a cat when Fred smiled and parted his lips against Draco's in conscious invitation.

George grinned and put his hands on Harry's where they rested against his belly as he murmured, "I think you're right, baby."

Draco tilted his head to the side then and slipped his tongue into Fred's mouth, tasting him as his long fingers rubbed circles against Fred's strong chest. Fred growled and bit teasingly at Draco's tongue, then licked into his mouth slowly.

Harry grinned and kissed George's shoulder, murmuring, "Dray seems to be over his shyness."

Draco sucked on the end of Fred's tongue then turned his head to look at George and Harry, smirking. "Now that we've got your attention, George needs to get dressed and then these two need to get back to the tower so we can talk shop about how great our boyfriends are."

Harry snickered and let go of George to reach for the robe Draco had laid on the bed for him. "And climbing in the middle of your new boyfriend was the only way you could think of to get our attention?"

"Hey!" Fred exclaimed, laughing. "Don't discourage him, I quite like how he got your attention!"

Draco pretended not to hear Fred as he smirked at Harry. "Worked didn't it?"

George grabbed jeans and started pulling them on. "True. You two look good together."

Harry grinned and sat down on the bed, watching George get dressed as he said, "Freddie, I couldn't discourage Dray now if I tried, not that I ever would."

George zipped up his jeans and winked at Harry teasingly, running one hand over his belly and up to his chest as he reached for his t-shirt with the other hand.

Draco leaned down and whispered something in Fred's ear that only he could hear, then smirked and pulled back. Fred blushed bright red, watching Draco's smirking face as he muttered, "I think we've created a monster."

Harry wriggled his eyebrows at George and flipped up a corner of his robe, flashing the inside of one thigh and just a bit of his cock. George growled as he dropped the shirt that he was picking up to start moving towards Harry again with a predatory little grin.

Draco caught the movement out of the corner of his eye and turned his head to look at the other bed, laughing. "Hey you wanker, no time for that! Up and out, I need to discuss with my brother how utterly fabulous my boyfriend is."

Harry grinned and leaned towards George as he said, "There's always time for that, Dray. Why don't you tell your boyfriend how fabulous he is, and let me snog mine a bit?"

Fred snickered, watching Harry and George. "Oh, they're a perfect match, all right."

"That they are," Draco agreed with a snort, taking out his wand and aiming it at Harry and George, muttering something under his breath just as George kissed Harry.

George and Harry both yelped as they received a nasty shock on the lips, then George jerked back and exclaimed, "Bloody Hell!"

"Draco!" Harry gave his brother a dirty look.

Fred snickered, patting Draco's thigh. "You'll have to teach me that one, love. I'm so using it on Katie."

"Like I said, Harry, no time for that," Draco said, smirking. He winked at Fred and hopped off his lap, heading towards the desk to get something as he added, "Get dressed, George."

George gave Draco a dirty look and moved towards where he'd dropped his shirt. "One day, Draco, I'm going to get you with a dungbomb just to hear you yell."

Fred rolled to his side and grinned cheerfully at George. "Not if you don't want to have to sleep with one eye open, you won't. I quite like how he smells."

Harry scooted back against the head of his bed and picked up his pillow, hugging it to his chest and smiling as he inhaled George's scent from it, letting his eyes roam over George's muscular body as George bent to pick his shirt up.

George muttered something under his breath, glaring playfully at Draco, then slipped his shirt on as he looked at his twin. "Well, think of it like this, Freddie: until he takes this spell off, I can't kiss you either."

Draco climbed back onto the bed as Fred smirked at George and said, "Not on the mouth."

Draco tried not to snicker, watching George get dressed as he said, "Now that I see him, you two don't look anything alike."

Fred turned his head and grinned impishly at Draco. "Georgie says I'm the handsome one."

Harry giggled a little at that, hiding most of his face behind his pillow so that all the others could see were his sparkling green eyes. "George is biased."

Draco pretended not to hear Harry, smiling at Fred as he said cheerfully, "That you are, love. George has more muscle in his chest though, and you're slimmer in the waist, so it's really rather obvious who is who."

Fred shifted to fold his arms behind his head, grinning up at Draco. "That's because he's half pig, and he quite likes showing off for Harry during Quidditch matches. I hardly ever have to swat the Bludger anymore, but nobody but Harry has noticed 'cause sweet Georgie looks just like me. I just dart around and look pretty while he does all the work."

George threw his rolled up socks at Fred. "Oi! Did you have to say that?" He gave Fred a dirty look and finished buttoning up his shirt as he added, "You make me sound like that ponce Lockhart."

Draco carefully rubbed an odd-looking coin between his fingers, trying not to laugh as Fred smirked at George and replied cheerfully, "If the shoe fits, dearest twin of mine..."

Harry giggled into his pillow, his shoulders shaking with laughter.

George stuck his tongue out at Fred and then looked down in surprise and crossed his eyes. "Th' hell?" He stuck his tongue out again, mesmerized by the sparks dancing on the tip of it.

Draco ignored George's antics, tapping his wand against the coin and muttering an invisibility spell while Harry watched George over his pillow, still giggling a bit.

Fred smirked, taking his attention off of the goofy face George was making to look curiously at Draco, wondering what he was doing.

Draco handed Fred the coin and then watched as Fred slowly turned invisible before nodding in satisfaction. "That should get you two back to the dorms without being seen."

Fred stared down at his invisible body for a moment and then exclaimed, "Wicked!"

Harry lifted his head a bit to rest his chin on his pillow, looking towards where Fred should have been as he grinned and said, "Just don't let any of the professors see it, especially our parents. We got the spell from one of Dad's books we aren't supposed to have read, and they'd be sure to recognize it."

Draco nodded quickly, adding, "He'd ground us for sure. We'd graduate by the time we were allowed out of our room again."

"You might be a great addition to our family after all, Dray," George said teasingly as he reached over and ruffled Draco's hair with a chuckle. "We'll be careful. Now, if only you remove this damnable jinx so I can kiss Harry good night."

Harry giggled. "It wears off. Papa and Mum use it on their rounds to make sure the students they catch snogging don't start again as soon as they're out of sight."

George sighed and stepped into his shoes as he looked at Harry. "Tomorrow then, love?"

Draco felt the bed shift then as Fred moved and looked towards where he thought Fred was, squeaking when he felt Fred's invisible hand cup his crotch. He blushed hotly when George and Harry looked at him, trying hard to look innocent and letting out a little relieved sigh when they looked back at each other.

"It only takes a few minutes to wear off, not hours," Harry said with a smile for George, then stuck his tongue out and crossed his eyes to look at the end and see if it was still sparking.

Fred was oblivious to the other two as he smirked and slowly stroked Draco through his jeans, causing Draco to bite into his bottom lip. Fred shifted his grip then and Draco had to stifle a groan as he shifted, pressing into Fred's hand without being obvious about it. "We need more of these lovely spelled coins," Fred murmured, quite enjoying Draco's reactions.

George smirked when he saw that Harry's tongue was back to normal and swooped in to kiss him soundly as Harry giggled, lifting his hands to drape his arms around George's neck and ignoring the noises from the other bed.

Fred shifted up onto his knees, stroking the growing bulge at Draco's crotch teasingly as he leaned close to whisper in his ear, "I'll be thinking about you in my shower tonight, like I promised." Fred gave Draco's cock a gentle squeeze, enjoying the way it throbbed against his palm, and then Draco whimpered softly when Fred made himself move his hand to Draco's waist as he kissed him lovingly.

Draco sighed happily into Fred's mouth, kissing back as he lifted his hands to press them against Fred's chest and swayed closer to him. Fred smiled against Draco's lips, kissing back slowly and forgetting that the coin he was holding was important as he dropped it on the bed to slide his fingers into Draco's hair.

George reached up and stroked Harry's face lightly, then gave him another soft kiss before he pulled back with a smile. "G'night, baby."

Harry smiled back at George, his green eyes sparkling. "Good night."

Harry kissed George quickly one last time and George smiled against his lips then pulled away, looking into Harry's eyes. "I'll see you tomorrow." Harry nodded, smiling, and George turned around, only mildly surprised that Fred was visible again as he said, "Okay, Cassanova, time to go. Stop feeling Dray up."

Draco purred and pressed closer to Fred, who ignored George as he sucked gently at Draco's lower lip, sliding the hand on Draco's hip around to the small of his back.

Harry grinned at George and asked cheerfully, "Should I zap them? Papa taught me the spell, too..."

George shook his head, smirking. "I know a way to snap him out of it."

Harry grinned, looking interested. "Ooh, how?"

George walked over to the other bed where Fred and Draco were still completely absorbed in kissing each other and slid one hand down the back of Fred's jeans, wiggling a finger around until he found what he was looking for.

Fred hissed, breaking his contact with Dray's mouth and letting out a soft groan as he moved back into the pressure, giving George a dirty look over his shoulder. "That's hittin' below the belt, that is."

Harry snickered as George grinned at his twin and said, "Come on, Freddie, let's leave them to talk shop. I have a feeling you'll want to talk about some things yourself." George leaned over and kissed Draco on the forehead, then smiled and whispered to him, "Thank you for making him happy, Dray."

Draco blushed and accepted George's kiss, simply nodding because he didn't feel quite right saying 'you're welcome'.

Fred wriggled a bit against George's hand and gave his twin a dirty look as he muttered, "Might be a bit easier to get out of bed if you weren't feeling me up, Georgie."

George grinned innocently at his twin and slid his hand back out of Fred's jeans. "Just needed to make sure I had your attention, Freddie."

Fred stuck his tongue out at George and then turned back to Draco, leaning to kiss him gently and then giving him a sweet smile. "I love you."

Draco smiled sweetly at Freddie, feeling the warmth flooding his chest as he looked into Fred's eyes and tried to find the words to say what he was feeling.

Harry laid his pillow aside and got up, moving to stand near the foot of Draco's bed by George, who smiled and wrapped arms around Harry, whispering, "Love you."

Harry slid his arms around George's waist, smiling up at him. "I love you, too."

Fred kissed Draco's lips quickly and then grabbed the coin and climbed off the bed, moving over to George and Harry and leaning past George's arm to kiss Harry's cheek, then grinning at him. "Thank you." He grabbed George's hand and tugged it, adding, "C'mon you, we gotta go, it's getting late."

George kissed Harry once more and then let Fred pull him away, feeling the coin's magic start seeping into him as he said, "Goodnight, baby."

Harry smiled and watched George begin to disappear. "Good night."

Draco waved a little at the rapidly fading Fred then, looking thoroughly debauched on the bed as Fred grinned at Draco and faded from view. "Night, Dray."

Draco smiled and whispered, "Night, Freddie."

George faded away too a moment later and then Harry and Draco listened carefully as their footsteps headed towards the door, watching it open then close. A few moments later the main suite door closed and then Draco fell back on the bed squealing like a girl at her first boyband concert as he waved his hands and kicked his feet, looking completely ridiculous.

Harry laughed and threw himself down across the end of Draco's bed, laying on his back and grinning like an idiot at the ceiling as he hugged himself. "We are the luckiest guys ever."

Draco turned over suddenly and cuddled up against Harry's side, giggling and bouncing on the bed. "Ever, ever, ever."

Harry wrapped his arms around Draco, giggling. "Oh Merlin, I don't know which I want more. To tell you what happened with us, or find out how you and Freddie got from 'hi' to letting him feel you up."

"You go first," Draco said eagerly, blue eyes bright with enthusiasm.

Harry grinned and started with when George got to their room, his voice trailing off into the night as he held Draco and whispered only for him to hear, telling him all about the evening amidst blushing and giggling from both of them. They became so involved in talking about the twins and what had happened with each of them that night that they were oblivious when their parents got home after midnight. The usually off-putting sounds of Sev, Luc, and Lily celebrating the ending of a good evening away from the castle didn't even register to the boys. The sudden silence when one of the adults finally remembered a silencing charm, which normally would have been cause for Harry and Draco to rejoice, went by completely ignored.

Harry and Draco were too enthralled in their conversation to care if the castle was falling down, as long as it didn't interrupt any fascinating details.

~End