Kaoru had the first dream after Misao coaxed her into trying mirror divination. They'd decided to use the old pier glass that hung on the inside of her closet door, and had sat side by side in the pitch black to stare into its depths. The idea was to catch a glimpse of what their future husbands might look like. Kaoru had protested: exactly how was she supposed to see anything in the mirror, when she couldn't see her hand in front of her face? Unfortunately, Misao was both louder and more persistent: they were going to stare into the mirror until one of them saw something.

After about half an hour, Kaoru was seriously considering faking it. Her legs were starting to protest her kneeling position, and the closet was getting stuffy. So she was surprised, after shifting uncomfortably, to spot a pair of eyes – fierce and golden and glowing – watching her from behind the silvered glass. Of course she'd shrieked, and accused Misao of playing a prank on her. The two of them had stumbled out into the cooler, moonlit air of her room, Kaoru swearing never to let Misao talk her into anything remotely supernatural, ever again.

That night, she dreamt of those same golden eyes watching her as sword-calloused fingers, deft and masculine, played her body. Teasing hands and lips caressed breasts and belly, teaching her things she'd only ever read about, introducing her to pleasure far beyond anything she'd managed to achieve on her own... and tauntingly holding release just outside her reach. Finally, when she'd been moved to utter whimpering pleas, the fingers of her left hand were caught tightly between his, and her wrist raised to his mouth. Sharp teeth grazed her pulse point, followed by a brief, piercing pain–

–and she awoke with an exultant cry, back bowed off the bed with the force of the pleasure searing through her, wrist tingling, the image of that glowing topaz gaze burned into her mind's eye.

When her orgasm faded she collapsed back on the bed, gasping for breath, her body strangely energized despite the lingering tremors. Even odder: her hands were fisted in the bedcovers, her pajamas as neat and orderly as if she'd just put them on, her panties only just starting to dampen, now that everything was over.

She'd come untouched, from just the stimulation in her dream – and she had no idea where that had sprung from, either.

It was beyond weird.

Suspiciously, she eyed her wrist for bite marks, but the skin was pristine. Unable to otherwise explain it, she chalked the experience up to a mix of nerves and fright and the fantasizing she and Misao had engaged in regarding their 'perfect mate'.

Until she tumbled into bed that night, and straight into another dream. This time, it was his voice rather than his eyes that filled her erotic imaginings: deep and slightly rough, gentle yet demanding, with just a touch of steel. Kaoru knew it was the same man only because the touching and teasing were identical. Again he took her right to the edge and held her there, breathing heated words in her ear until she broke and begged him to send her over. Catching the fingers of her right hand he repeated the ritual of the night before, grazing her skin with his fangs before biting deep, catapulting her into awareness with the force of her climax.

And heaven help her, but the encore performance was even better than opening night.

Okay. Something beyond strange was happening. She'd never been one for erotic dreams, and now she'd had two in a row about the same fantasy man, both resulting in explosive physical reactions unlike anything she'd ever experienced.

It was time to pay Misao a visit.

The younger woman worked in a little shop that specialized in its own bizarre (and bizarrely popular) brand of the occult. Rare references (or at least the owner claimed they were rare) hobnobbed with pamphlets from local fortune tellers; athame shared a display case with chakra totems and other healing gems; herbs and incense scented the air. Kaoru generally avoided visiting during working hours, as something about the mix of influences and items always made her jittery... but this was an emergency. Or it would be, if it didn't stop.

Stomping up to the door she banged it open, overriding the bell's usual happy jangle with strident tones as she called for her friend. "Misao! Misao, get out here right now!"

A head sporting a brightly hued paisley kerchief popped into sight behind the counter. "Kaoru?"

Glaring and unmoved by Misao's confusion, Kaoru got right to the point: "What did you do?" Misao's expression remained mostly unchanged, although Kaoru thought a touch of worry might be creeping in around the edges of her eyes. "The other night, when we were trying your divination idea. What did you do? I saw eyes in that mirror and now I'm having bizarre dreams and... and... and... what did you do?"

Instead of answering, Misao leaned forward with her elbows on the counter and her face cupped in her hands, for all the world as if she expected Kaoru to divulge some juicy gossip about Sano and Megumi. "What kind of dreams?"

Kaoru blushed beet red and looked away, even as she shook her head. "Dreams!" she reiterated, "Disturbing ones! What difference does it make what kind?"

"Alright!" Misao crowed, startling the older girl into facing her again, "It worked!"

A second later Kaoru's hand was clenched around Misao's braid and pulling. "What worked?" she demanded, once they were nose-to-nose.

Eyes a somewhat paler blue than her own blinked back at her. "The spell of course."

Closing her eyes, Kaoru counted to ten. "What. Spell?" Perhaps it wasn't – strictly speaking – necessary to enunciate every word, but with Misao it was better to be safe than sorry.

"The one to summon your soul mate." Confronted with Kaoru's shocked and angry expression, Misao's tone was far too calm. Especially since she'd witnessed Kaoru's preferred method of taking out her frustrations, and knew it wasn't pretty. Apparently unconcerned, she tilted her head to the side consideringly, enough to be noticeable but not enough to pull against the braid Kaoru still held clenched in her fist. "Well... it's a bit more complicated than just a soul mate, but that's the basic idea."

Giving up on her glare – it wasn't working anyway – Kaoru pulled back and dropped her head into her hands. "Explain to me what you mean by 'more complicated' than a soul mate," she said, voice muffled and sounding rather drained.

A small hand patted her on the shoulder. "Oh, don't worry! He'll be completely devoted to you." That remark was punctuated with a small giggle. "Or should I say, he is completely devoted to you?"

"Mi-sa-o!"

Somehow managing to huff like her feelings were wounded and laugh at the same time, the occult expert gave in and explained.

Kaoru was neither soothed nor impressed.

"So... first you took it upon yourself to find out if I had a soul mate. Then you scried to figure out his personal details, and then you cast a spell to call him to me."

"Technically, you cast the spell to call him to you."

"Only because my best friend is far too sneaky, and somehow figured that a demon would make the perfect husband for me!"

"Duh. He's exactly what you need!"

"What?"

Misao counted points off on her fingers, "He's brave, he's handsome, he won't let you walk all over him, he doesn't care a fig about your inheritance, and he's your soul mate!"

"And he's a demon!"

"Oh, since he's a type of incubus, he's guaranteed to be good in bed, too," Misao added as an afterthought, completely ignoring the interjected protest.

Kaoru just stared for a moment, uncertain she could fully absorb everything Misao was telling her. "So he's a sex fiend?" This just got more unbelievable the more she learned. And Misao's laughter wasn't helping.

"I can't believe you said that," the younger girl managed to get out between guffaws.

Her mirth was met by stony silence, punctuated by regular and rhythmic thumping as Kaoru banged her head on the glass counter.

"Come on, Kaoru," Misao cajoled once she got herself under control. "Remember: soul mate."

"Demon," Kaoru reiterated, never breaking rhythm.

"In the 'otherworldly' sense, not the 'fire and brimstone' sense. Besides, how is that my fault? It's your soul that picked him."

"Maybe it was confused. Let's run through the other candidates again. I need to hear their descriptions of the perfect date." That response earned her a poke in the side.

"If you're up to making jokes, you're over your shock," Misao stated matter-of-factly. "You'll get no more pity from me."

"You didn't pity me in the first place," Kaoru grumbled, but gave up wallowing in her misery as a lost cause. "Alright, tell me about this again, from the beginning."

All things considered, it could have been worse, Kaoru decided. First, there was an out: all she had to do was manage not to give in the next time he visited her dreams. If she could make it through the dream without... accepting his bite, it would void the spell Misao had cast. She also had another five chances before it would be a done deal: he had to visit her a total of seven times before he'd be able to fully manifest in the real world. She only had to resist him once. (Part of her thought that seemed unfair, while the larger part was glad it wasn't a one-shot situation on her side, too.)

Second, assuming she didn't manage to resist him, Misao was right about all the positives. Not the least of which was being free of all the vultures who were only interested in her for her fortune. The last one – Enishi – had come awfully close to breaking her heart. It had hurt to realize someone could pretend so very well that they were in love with her, without feeling a thing.

It would be nice to know that this man would never hurt her. Not emotionally, not physically. It wasn't the same thing as knowing he loved her, but it was better than uncertainty any day.

Still, her plan was to resist him, and be done with the whole thing. Dreams aside, she was a virgin. Virgins didn't crave sex. They were practically known for it. So surely she could do this. She would be Kaoru the ice queen.

When she awoke after the sixth dream, she decided she was Kaoru the weak-willed-who-has-screamed-herself-hoarse. She'd been so loud both Tae and Tsubame had come running to make sure she wasn't being murdered in her bed. Even her dream self was hoarse.

Each time he came to her seemed to be more powerful than the last, and she thought her reaction only got stronger the longer she held out before begging for release.

She was no longer certain she wanted to win this strange battle of wills. He was, quite bluntly, addicting, and every night she learned a little bit more about him, became a little more fascinated. Infatuated. She'd felt the heat of his gaze and seen the desire in his eyes. She'd heard his voice and knew the caress of his lips and tongue. That he was a swordsman was obvious, his calloused hands elegant and strong. His body, pressed to her own, was lean and well-muscled. He liked to tease and to touch and seemed infinitely patient. His hair was long, fiery crimson silk.

Kaoru had never seen him, her perceptions being honed down to a single fine detail during each encounter... but she thought she'd know him anywhere.

She was certain she'd miss him when the dreams stopped.

On the seventh night, the dream started with her blindfolded and bound to her bed with silken ties. It was just the kind of thing she'd imagined when she called him a sex fiend, and that realization almost made her laugh. Somehow, he knew of her objections, and had been subtly poking holes in every argument. Seeing as the whole point of these encounters seemed to be to make her mindless with arousal, he didn't have much of a case against her 'sex fiend' assertion.

Maybe he was going to try and convince her that was a good thing?

"Exactly." His low-voiced agreement was knowing and faintly amused, although she hadn't spoken her thoughts aloud. Calloused fingers found the spot on her stomach that he'd graced with his fangs the night before, his thumb rubbing soft circles and sending a bolt of sensation through her. All of the places he'd bitten her were excessively sensitive during these dreams, despite showing no evidence or bite marks during the day. It was almost as if she could feel that teasing touch somewhere much more private.

When he laved the same spots with his tongue, it was enough to make her cry out and arch her back.

Slowly, he worked his way up across her flat tummy to the curves of her breasts, her nipples peaked and ready when he arrived. His breath danced across her skin as he gave an appreciative hum, his mouth finding and closing around one aching point, while his fingers found the other. Kaoru moaned, her hands fisting around the silk that stretched over her palms.

"Which do you like more, love?" he asked, releasing her nipple from the warm clasp of his mouth to let his tongue flicker briefly against it. "Hard and hungry, or light and barely there?"

She tossed her head, scarcely caring how he touched her so long as he did. "Both!"

A soft chuckle, followed by the brush of long hair against her skin as he moved to scrape his fangs over the invisible mark on her throat. Keening, she shifted her hips restlessly, minute movements all the silk would allow her. She could feel his body heat, and knew he hovered above her, supported on his knees and forearms. Close enough to sense, but too far away to touch.

Biting her lip, Kaoru focused on not saying anything that could be construed as a plea. If she did, the dream would end and he would win, and they'd be bonded forever.

Sharp teeth tugged gently on her earlobe, before his voice came to her dark and hungry. "I like a challenge, little one."

She bristled, even as she turned her head to give him better access. "I'm not that little."

His lips trailed kisses along her jaw. "You're perfect," he assured her, neither agreeing with nor denying her assertion. His mouth closed over hers, tongue dipping inside, and she decided her height or lack thereof wasn't worth arguing over.

Breaking the kiss once they were both panting for air, he shifted to kneel between her legs, his heat and intensity suddenly that much closer, that much more arousing. His hand slid around her ankle, teasing her with the brush of his fingertips over his mark, even as he loosened the knot there so she could bend her knee. The opposite leg was given the same treatment, and then he was cupping her hips, urging her body into an arch as his mouth found her belly button, and his hair slid forward to drape over her thigh.

Kaoru flushed, knowing she was open and wet for him, the evidence of her need obvious. "Don't worry so," he told her, reaching up to brush his thumb over her cheek, "It's just me, and I like you this way." Which, if anything, made her blush deepen. He chuckled, the sound pure masculine satisfaction, and then his fingers were searching gently between her folds, strong digits bending to rub his knuckles firmly but carefully along her slit and higher, if not quite high enough to give her what she wanted. Her hips circled of their own accord, a sweet, feminine coaxing, and he dipped his head to find her clit with his tongue. This touch was different than anything he'd taught her before, soft and broad and wet, and although she couldn't draw breath to let him know how wonderful it felt, the way he groaned, playing the sound against her, told her he knew.

"Imagine how it would feel if your hands were free to tangle in my hair, showing me exactly where you need to be touched," he murmured, his tone scorching, the words punctuated by another soft drawing motion of his lips and tongue. "Or I could free your legs so you could drape them over my shoulders, your heels digging into my back harder and harder the closer you get. Would you like that? I'd twine my fingers through yours and hold on, keeping you anchored when you shattered, and preventing you from pushing me away when the first wave crested and the second crashed down. Forcing you to accept the pleasure I'll teach you to crave." Kaoru whimpered, and he rewarded her with the sudden, firm pressure of his thumb, the thrusting motion of two long fingers.

It was too much. His voice and his promises and his adroit manipulation of her body were too much. "Please!"

He didn't stop the lazy motion of his hand. "Please what?"

She didn't know. Please more? Please everything? "I need you!"

His laugh wrapped around her like velvet, soft and enveloping, and she was so very lost in its folds. "I know, sweet. What do you need me to do?"

And abruptly she knew what he wanted. "Take me," she whispered, voice trembling, "please, take me!"

He rose above her, and she felt the give in the pillows as he braced one hand beside her head. His other guided his length to her entrance, aligned their bodies. Soft strands caressed her cheek as he nuzzled her throat. "My name is Kenshin," he told her, voice hard and tight with demand. "I want to hear you screaming it when you come."

Her breath caught and her body clenched at the order, and he took that as assent. His hips moved, thrusting forward, and as with the piercing of his teeth, the breaking of her barrier transmuted into pleasure as her body surged awake. Only this time he was with her, and her cry of ecstasy formed the syllables of his name. The ties that had bound her limbs were gone, her arms and legs wrapped tight around him, clinging fiercely, a stark contrast to the gentle rocking of his hips as he continued to move against her, making her orgasm last.

There were tears in her eyes and her cheeks were damp when finally she calmed. His thumbs carefully wiped the wetness away, and she lifted her lashes to find the warm amber gaze from her memory focused on her, framed by a spill of red hair. His features were sharp and pleasing, beautiful yet male.

And he was smiling, his expression one of smug satisfaction. She frowned in realization, and he shook his head. "There was no winning or losing," he told her, his tone leaving no room for doubt or argument. "I would not be worthy of you if I couldn't convince you to choose me," bending, he brushed his lips lightly over hers, "and you would not be worthy of me if you had been easy to convince."

"So it was a test?" he nodded. "And we passed?" again he nodded, and Kaoru lapsed into silence.

Kenshin waited, but nothing more appeared to be forthcoming. "Is that all?"

Blue eyes wandered over his features as she bit her lip. "What if we change our minds?"

Impossible, but that wasn't what she needed to hear. He dipped his head to lave the mark on her throat, enjoyed the way she shivered as he did it. "We're bonded soul mates," he reminded her, "that will never change."

"But we don't know each other..."

He sighed. "I know that you've been lonely since your father died, and have been ill-used by the men you've met. I know that you are stubborn but fair. I know that you already have a soft spot for me in your heart, that is a match for the one in mine. And I know you flush pink just before you come."

"Kenshin!"

"Oh, and my idea of the perfect date is an evening spent making love to you."

Kaoru couldn't help it; the incongruity of his statement made her laugh.

"I knew you would be a sex fiend."