The CMNF Cabin
by rtyuuioyuih1

Tonight's entertainment is: a masturbation contest.

I couldn't wait to get to the cabin. It belonged to my girlfriend's roommate Callie, or to her family at least. As such, it had been a favorite destination for the girls every chance they got over the last four years. I had never been to the cabin before, but my girlfriend Anna had described it to me. A couple hours outside of town, on a lake, deep in the forest, it was very private. The nearest other residence was a 45 minute hike to the other side of the lake. It could be a quiet, relaxing get away (unless these girls were there, they liked to boast). Six bedrooms, a hot tub, a couple giant TVs... there would be no reason to leave until the trip was over. In fact, it would be inconvenient to leave, as the nearest grocery store was back in town, so we made sure to bring everything we thought we'd need for our getaway.

Anna had three roommates in her college apartment. The four girls were four peas in a pod. You never saw one without at least one of the others. I had been dating Anna for the last two years or so, and had become great friends with each of the roommates, who were all total knockouts.

Callie was probably the closest friend to Anna. Callie was a tall redhead with big green eyes, a poor man's Emma Stone. I'd seen her in a bikini a few times before and I couldn't help but be attracted to her. She was fun and flirty and adventurous. She and her boyfriend Charlie had gone up to the lake a few days ago to get it all cleaned up before the rest of us arrived.

Lauren was the better half of the second couple joining us at the lake. Lauren was a leggy blonde with blue eyes, think Taylor Swift but curvier. She was prim and estudious, but liked to cut loose when classes were over. She and her boyfriend Mark were driving up in a separate car from us. As the most responsible couple, they had volunteered to do all the grocery shopping for the trip.

Jessica was the only roommate who was single. Actually, Jessica was a lesbian who had never been in a relationship as long as I had known her. She was a compact little ball of fun, a 5'4" brunette, like Mila Kunis but with deep blue eyes. She was the instigator of most of the girls' fun. Jessica always wanted to party and the girls teased her for being a troublemaker, or as close to one as this group had. Jessica also wasn't particularly shy. I had seen her topless on more than one occasion while hanging out in the apartment. She was comfortable in her skin and often walked to the fridge in just her shorts, or walked back from the shower with just a towel around her waist. My girlfriend didn't seem to mind too much as I gawked at her. Maybe Anna didn't see Jessica as a threat because Jessica wasn't interested in guys. Jessica hitched a ride to the lake with Lauren and Mark. Jessica of course volunteered herself and Lauren and Mark to bring the drinks for the trip. Callie assured her that they already had plenty of beer, but Jessica wanted to bring tequila (her favorite) and a few other options.

That leaves my girlfriend, Anna. Anna was the prettiest and sweetest girl I had ever dated. Tall and blonde, she looked like a Victoria's Secret angel...or like an actual angel. She often chose Margot Robbie characters as her Halloween costumes because the resemblance gave her a headstart at authenticity. Anna was the most conservative girl in the group, but she often let herself be peer pressured by her roommates. Even after two years of dating, we were still in that early stage where you just wanted to have sex all the time. I couldn't wait to spend some time with her at this secluded cabin.

None of us guys had ever been to the cabin before, but we had hung out together at the girls' apartment and around campus. Anna told me the girls had a lot of fun planned for this long weekend, but she wouldn't give me any specifics. She said there were a few surprises in store, and some that hadn't even been fully planned yet.

The closer we got to the cabin, the quieter my girlfriend got. She seemed nervous about something, but she was committed to not telling me what until we got to the cabin, so I focused on my copilot duties as dj and navigator.

We finally arrived at the cabin just after 10AM, and I carried in our bags. Callie gave us a quick tour on our way to our room. She seemed nervous too. The main level of the cabin was the living space and the kitchen. There were a few bedrooms upstairs and a few downstairs. Anna and I would be staying downstairs in the room next to Callie. Once we were settled in, we returned to the living room and made awkward small talk with Callie and Charlie. It seemed like it took forever for the other car to arrive.

"Sorry! Sorry!" Lauren said as soon as she opened the door. "Sorry it took so long."

"It's alright, thanks for bringing the groceries and the drinks," Callie assured her. "Can we help you bring anything in?"

Between the seven of us, we stocked the fridge and the beer cooler quickly enough. The girls sat us three guys down in the living room and stood in front of us, all looking at each other expectantly.

Jessica started. "Okay, guys. We - well especially those three - never had the FULL college experience. And now it's over, we graduated. As you know this long weekend is our last big hurrah before becoming working professionals and we wanted to spend it together."

Lauren continued where Jessica paused. "We have a few surprises for you. And...well...and they start now."

With that, all four girls crossed their arms, grabbed their shirts, and pulled them off smoothly. I was awestruck. I glanced quickly at the other two guys who seemed just as shocked. I looked back and forth from one set of braless tits to another, each perfect in their own way. Of course, I was familiar with my girlfriend Anna's 34Cs and her quarter-sized light pink nipples. Her chest was flush with excitement. Callie's magnificent boobs were 32Bs with dime-sized light brown areola and nipples that were already stiff. Lauren had the best boobs of the group at 34Ds that seemed to defy gravity, capped with nipples that were such a shade lighter that they stood out distinctly from the nickel-sized brown areola around them. Jessica stood proudly in the middle with her 34Cs and dark brown nipples. I'm sure I was staring, mouth agape, but the girls didn't seem to mind.

"You see," Lauren resumed, "we each started college with a bucket list and we finished college without checking off all the items. We thought this trip might be a way to get caught up."

"So," Callie took control. "We have a few rules for this weekend." Jessica produced a whiteboard from behind the couch.

Rule #1: All girls will remain naked for the entire trip.

Rule #2: No inhibitions. We're here to have fun.

Rule #3: What happens at the cabin, stays at the cabin.

"We've all agreed," Anna spoke up. "These are our rules for the weekend. And no looking back. These will either be fond memories, or that crazy night in college we never talk about. But we've agreed no hard feelings about anything that happens here this weekend."

"Now, we need you boys to agree to a few things too," Jessica informed us. "You need to agree to the three rules here." We all nodded vigorously. "And I want to bring special emphasis to Rules 2 and 3. NO inhibitions. What happens here, stays here. Your lovely girlfriends have agreed to be quite slutty for your fun and their own. Several items on their respective bucket lists will require hooking up in some form or another with a guy they did not come here with. Are you all okay with that?"

We looked back and forth at each other. I could tell the guys were thinking the same thing I was. I was reluctant to let my girlfriend loose, but I was too tempted by the other girls to let this opportunity pass. "Agreed," we each said in turn.

"Excellent," Jessica continued as the unofficial ringmaster. "Good choice. This weekend is gonna be a lot of fun for you boys. I guess we'd better abide by Rule #1 then. Ladies?"

Each girl unbuttoned and unzipped their shorts. It was tantalizing to see inch after inch exposed by each of these nubile beauties. They pulled off their shorts and their underwear together. Call it a fetish, but I've always been curious to see how each girl chooses to shave or not shave. I already knew Anna was completely shaven, exposing her pink lips. Lauren, it turned out, was the same, except her pussy was an innie. Jessica had a clean trimmed rectangle of brown hair right above her slit. Callie surprised me with a huge red bush - her legs and the area around her lips were shaved, but there was a wild triangle of curly hair above her pussy that looked like it had never been trimmed shorter.

I became aware that one of the girls was still talking, but I don't know for how long. As the voice came into focus, I heard Lauren say, "One more thing: each girl is responsible for planning the entertainment for one of our nights here. The entertainment will remain a surprise to everyone, including the other girls, until it begins. I've already got some ideas and they are all slutty, so I hope you girls are up for the challenge."

***

After the girls' big announcement, we split up to our respective rooms to finish settling in. I was still shocked by my luck. I'm blissfully committed to Anna, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't semi-hard at the idea of spending the next few days with her roommates all naked. Anna noticed my arousal as I changed into my swim trunks.

"Well, what do we have here?" she asked playfully. "I'd offer to help you out with that, but I think you're gonna wanna reserve your stamina."

I was slightly disappointed, but I knew she was right. "So, is this what you were so nervous about on the drive up?" I asked.

Anna cast her eyes to the floor briefly. "Yeah... a bit. But I stand by what we said out there: no regrets. I love you and I'm very happy with our sex life. But this seems like a good opportunity to try something different. And then next week, we're right back to normal!"

"Agreed." I smiled reassuringly. I was also quite happy with our sex life, but it was good to see Anna come out of her shell. "So, what do you have planned for the night's entertainment that you host?"

"I can't tell you! It's supposed to be a surprise! And, also, I don't know yet... That's the other thing I've been nervous about. We've been planning this trip for weeks, and I still haven't figured out what to do. I guess I want to see what the other girls have up their sleeves first - you know I don't want my idea to be lame in comparison. I'm supposed to host on the third night, so I've still got some time to brainstorm."

"Well, I'm sure you'll think of something good. You've always been good under pressure. Are you already hot just thinking about it?"

Anna blushed furiously as she confessed, "I've been dripping ever since I took my shirt off. I had no idea I'd be so excited to be naked in front of you all. But, I guess that's the whole point, isn't it?"

"Seems so," I told her. I was excited to see what all she and I got up to over the next few days. "Whatever you're comfortable with, I'm comfortable with."

"Good," Anna smiled. "Now, hurry up, I wanna hit the lake!"

I followed Anna into the hall, making no effort to hide the tent in my swim trunks. It seemed like a lost cause this weekend. Anna led me toward Callie's room.

"I can't believe I forgot tanning lotion. I guess I was all in a tizzy getting ready for this trip. It's okay, Callie will let us borrow some. Hey Callie!" Anna threw open Callie's door like she was used to doing back at their apartment, but then she stopped short in the doorway.

There, not three feet away from us, Callie was riding Charlie on the bed. Charlie was laying on his back on the bed, with his feet on the floor. Callie was riding him reverse cowgirl and squeezing her own wonderful tits. We could see Charlie's cock disappear into and out of Callie's big red bush.

"OH! Sorry!" Anna threw her hands up to cover her eyes and turned in the doorway.

Callie didn't slow down. In between pants, she said, "No - worries - hey - no - inhibitions - right?"

Anna peaked between her fingers. "Right," she giggled.

"Take - a - seat." Callie continued. "We're - almost - done!"

Anna looked back at me, smiled, and then looked around the room. She led me to a chaise in the corner, where we sat and watched. "We just came to borrow some tanning lotion."

"Of - course - help - your - self!"

Anna reached over and started rubbing my erection through my swim trunks. "Sorry to interrupt. We had the same idea, but I wanted to save Darren's energy for later. I should've known a slut like you would've jumped right in!"

"Ooooooh I am such a slut," Callie cooed. "Oh, fuck me. Fuck me! Oh, I love that you're watching, Anna. Ohhh, I'm gonna make you a slut too by the time we leave this cabin... Oh! Oh! Shit! Fuck me! Fuck-"

Callie continued moving her mouth, but no sound came out. The room was quiet except for the sounds of the bed bouncing, Callie's vagina squishing, and my shorts swishing as Anna rubbed me through them. Finally, Callie found her voice and screamed, leading to a few loud grunts from the guy under her, and then a collective sigh. Callie continued to sit there on Charlie's dick as they each caught their breath.

"The uh- the tanning lotion is in my bag, just a second." Callie rose off of Charlie and waddled to her ensuite bathroom.

Charlie's dick was glistening with her juices as he sat up. He made eye contact with me as if to say, "What a crazy weekend, huh?"

***

By the time we got outside, Lauren, Mark, and Jessica were already on the water.

"Well, look who it is!" Jessica called out. "What took you four so long..."

Anna blushed, but Callie was unperturbed. It was a marvel to see her smokeshow of a body stride so confidently outside without a stitch of clothing on. "Wouldn't you like to know?" she smirked.

"Actually, I would," Jessica gave me and Charlie appraising glances.

"Too bad!" Callie replied. "What happens in the cabin, stays in the cabin!"

The four of us each grabbed something to float on and jumped in the lake. Anna was shy at first, but she soon relaxed under the hot sun, the influence of a spiked seltzer, and the rocking of the waves. By noon, all four girls were sunning their naked bodies without a care in the world. I had never seen such a beautiful sight.

As the afternoon wore on, the girls expressed their hunger (for actual food, they clarified), so we three guys got out of the lake and fired up the grill on the dock. Out of earshot of the girls, we discussed how insane this whole thing was, how none of us had any idea what to expect from one minute to the next, and, respectfully, how hot the other guys' girls were.

The girls, I noticed, also had their heads together conspiring. As we served the burgers, the girls rounded up four deck chairs in a circle and each stood next to one, waiting. We each took a pair of burgers and sat in the chair next to our respective girl. When we were settled in, the girls took their drinks from us, all revolved around the circle of chairs, and plopped down in the lap of the next guy over. This put Lauren in my lap, Anna in Charlie's, and Callie in Mark's. Jessica seemed a little disappointed to be sitting alone.

"What-" I started, but Lauren shushed me.

"There's gonna be a lot of touching this weekend, and this seemed like a quick way to break the ice." Lauren explained.

And with that, the touching began. Lauren grabbed my hands and put them on her perfect tits. I'd never been this close to her before, but as I massaged her boobs and pinched her nipples, I felt right at home. For her part, Lauren snaked a hand down into my shorts and started jacking me off. I looked around the circle and saw the other two guys getting similar treatments. Jessica, alone in her chair, was left touching herself.

When Lauren had me fully hard, she slipped to her knees in front of me and pulled my shorts off. "Mmm," she licked her lips. I sucked in my breath, bracing for a blowjob to begin, but she just continued jacking me. I looked down into her limpid eyes as she smiled up at me and shook her head. Then she raised back up and sat herself back in my lap, this time with both of us naked. Our sexes were touching but only from the outside.

Jessica, tired of playing by herself, got up and walked toward Lauren. As she approached, Lauren turned towards her. Jessica put one hand behind Lauren's head, the other hand on one of Lauren's tits, and then leaned in and began making out with Lauren. Lauren returned the kiss and moaned into Jessica's mouth. They each parted their lips and I watched as their tongues played. I wondered if making out with each other was on their bucket lists, or if they had ever done this already on a drunken night out. In any case, the sight made me as hard as I'd ever been.

After a few minutes, Jessica separated from Lauren and stood up straight. She made her way over to Anna, but Anna dove in to making out with Charlie instead. Jessica stopped, a bit surprised and disappointed, but didn't say anything. She just continued around the circle to Callie. As Callie and Jessica made out, Lauren stuck her tongue in my mouth.

Between the teasing I'd had all afternoon, the expert handjob from Lauren, and the anticipation of what the rest of the weekend had in store, I was soon ready to cum. I pulled my head back from Lauren, held my breath, and succumbed to the feeling. Lauren recognized the signs and started pumping faster. With a grunt, I came all over her hand and my belly. Lauren smiled at me, wiped her hand off with some paper towels, and then began to eat her now cold burger.

I jumped in the lake to rinse myself off, and the other two guys soon followed. We climbed back onto the docks, pulled on our shorts, and ate our burgers. The girls had taken our seats and were chatting and laughing as if nothing had happened.

***

By the time we headed inside, the sun was setting. We each took a quick shower (the cabin had enough bathrooms that the three couples and the one single girl could each shower simultaneously) and reconvened in the living room. The girls each still naked. The guys each in light-material, short-sleeved button-ups and shorts.

"That's enough relaxing," Jessica declared. "Time to get this party started!"

The rest of us laughed, as if what we'd done so far wasn't a party. But I wasn't about to slow the momentum. Anna started some music, Callie retrieved the beers, and Jessica started pouring drinks. Us guys, unfamiliar with the house, were free to hang out. I noticed that none of the girls, including Anna, showed any trepidation about prancing about naked at this point. They even danced and grinded on each other as if this were a normal night out on the town.

Jessica, always needing to be the center of attention, jumped up on the table. "Guys, guys! Listen! I'm not saying I feel left out. But I was the only one who didn't get any attention out on the lake today!"

"Hmm, disagree!" Lauren and Callie both shouted.

Jessica disregarded their interruption. "So, I say, time for some body shots! On me! Who's first?"

The girls cheered and Mark, already standing closest to Jessica at the time, stepped right up. Jessica laid down on the table and poured some tequila in her own belly button.

"Does anyone have salt, or a lime?" Mark asked.

"Don't be a pussy!" Jessica yelled. "Take the shot!"

Mark shrugged, leaned in, and took the shot. Jessica shrieked with laughter as the girls cheered. It was my turn next. I followed Mark's lead and took the shot straight. Charlie was next, but Callie jumped in front of him in line and took the next shot, much to Jessica's delight.

"Finally! Enough of these boys!" Jessica cheered. Lauren had finally found the salt and limes and brought them over. Jessica bent her head as far as she could and licked her own nipple until it was wet enough to hold the salt. She put a lime wedge in her mouth and looked expectantly at Lauren. Lauren poured the tequila on Jessica's belly, sucked it up, licked the salt off her nipple, and then leaned in for the lime wedge. Just before Lauren reached the lime, Jessica opened her mouth wider, stuffed the lime in the side of her cheek, and pulled Lauren in for a kiss. The guys cheered.

The body shots continued, with Lauren and Callie each taking a turn as the serving board. I took advantage of this opportunity to put my lips all over my girlfriend's hot roommates' tits, clavicles, and abs. The other two guys and three of the girls took the same opportunity. Jessica in particular took great pleasure in sucking on nipples long after the salt was licked up. Anna, notably, never took or gave a body shot. She was content to sip her beer on her own. But she did hype up everyone else doing the shots.

"Okay, okay!" Callie declared. "Time for tonight's entertainment! Lauren?"

Lauren looked up quickly. "Oh! One second." She chugged the last of her beer. "Okay! Tonight's entertainment comes in three parts. For the first part, I need everyone to go back to their rooms, dig through their suitcases, and return with any sex toys they use!"

Callie, Jessica, and Anna squealed and ran off. I was curious if either of the other guys would go retrieve a toy, but neither did.

When we had all reconvened, Lauren had us all sit in a circle on the floor. "Part one is show and tell! We'll go around the room, talk about our toys, our best masturbatory memories, etc! Callie, you first."

Callie blushed slightly, but didn't hesitate. "Welllllll, this is the only toy I keep at the cabin, but certainly not the only toy I own." She held up a big black dildo. "I love it. It's like 8 inches and it fills me up so well. I masturbate at least once every night and this toy helps a lot. My favorite memory was this one time when I had it super lubed up, and I was bouncing up and down on it so fast, and I slipped, and I missed my pussy, and I accidentally sank this dildo like halfway up my asshole. I came so hard. I could barely walk the next day, but it was worth it!"

I was shocked at such a candid admission. I guess the drinks and the day's activities had really loosened everybody up.

Anna was next. "Well, I brought two toys with me... in addition to my boyfriend's cock." She giggled. "This," she held up a purple vibrator, "is my favorite, but this," she held up a small butt plug I had pulled out of her before "helps too. I masturbate, oh, I'd say twice a week, give or take. My favorite memory was this one time, freshman year, I skipped class and just edged myself for like 18 hours while my roommate was out of town."

"Damn, Anna. I didn't know you were into any butt stuff!" Lauren said. Anna didn't blush as I would've expected. Even she was opening up at this point.

Jessica was next. "I'm the only single person on this trip, so I brought several toys." She pulled forth a variety of dildos and vibrators of all shapes and sizes. "My favorite memory... so hard to choose. Okay, so this one time, just a few months ago, I brought home this little virgin freshman. I made her show me how she plays with herself. She used...this one, this toy here...and she was just so cute as she came that I pounced on her and ate her out until she screamed."

"Jessica, that wasn't a story about you masturbating." Callie chided.

"So?" Jessica countered. "It had masturbation in it!"

"Fine," Callie rolled her eyes. "Lauren, your turn."

"Okay guys, I know this is supposed to be MY event. But I didn't bring any toys with me." Everyone booed. "That's because... I don't own any toys." More skeptical booing. "Seriously! I've never owned a toy. My...kink...is that I like to use other things. Things that are not toys. For example!" Lauren produced a hair brush. "This was the first thing I ever stuck up my pussy."

"No way!" Jessica called.

"Seriously!" Lauren responded. "Okay, this kind of leads me to Part Two. Watch, I'll demonstrate." Lauren laid back in the circle and bent her knees. She stuck the handle of the brush into her pussy, one inch at a time, as we all watched.

"Damn," Jessica whispered.

When the first bristles tickled her clit, Lauren stopped. "Tuh duh!" she cried. Everyone clapped, a little sarcastically and a little genuinely impressed.

"What else do you use to masturbate?" Callie asked.

Lauren blushed for the first time. "Well... a lot of things. It's kind of my kink. I've used... Okay confession time. I've used your hair brush Callie."

Callie's mouth dropped open. "You whore!"

Lauren continued, "I've used my bed posts. Highlighters. Candles. Bananas...I don't think any of you have eaten any of the ones I've used... Bottles..."

"No way!" Anna cried. "Show us!"

"Okay," Lauren agreed. "We're fully into Part Two now. Girls, we're each gonna masturbate, however we want. First to cum, wins! Boys, no touching yourself or the girls." With that, Lauren retrieved the tequila bottle from the table and came back to the circle. "We start on three. One, two, three!"

The girls each dove, dildo-first, into their own pussies. The smell of arousal was thick in the air. I was hard as steel as I watched. Anna had let me watch her double penetrate herself before, but seeing her roommates play with themselves was too much. Fingers were flying over clits; dildos and vibrators (and one tequila bottle) were being worked in and out; sounds of panting and gasping were filling the room.

Anna, to her credit, was the first to scream out in orgasm. She was followed closely by Jessica, then Callie. We all watched as Lauren finished last, but also loudest, squatting with half the 750ML of tequila in her pussy.

"What did I win?" Anna asked Lauren excitedly. Maybe she forgot this wasn't a real contest.

"You win dibs in Part Three!" Lauren announced. "For Part Three, the guys are finally gonna get some relief. Guys, one at a time, you're gonna masturbate until you cum for us. We four girls are gonna lay down, side by side, like cars at a monster truck rally. You're gonna see who can shoot the farthest over our bodies! And as winner in Part Two, Anna, you get to choose where you lay, closest, farthest, in the middle..."

Anna seemed to consider this heavily. "I wanna be next to last!" she finally decided. The girls all lay down as planned.

Mark was up first. Like me and Charlie, Mark was fully erect and ready to burst at any minute. He only had to stroke himself a few times and he was shooting his cum eight feet forward. The initial impact was on Callie's belly, but it also rained on to Anna and Lauren. Jessica, closest to the starting line, only got the final dribbles landing on her.

Chris was next. Like Mark, he came after only a few strokes too. His cum only made it as far as Anna and then rained down on Lauren and Jessica.

I went last. I wanted to prolong the moment as long as I could. Through great determination, I managed to masturbate for my audience for a few minutes without cumming. The girls started cheering me on. Then they started talking dirty. In my delirium, I couldn't distinguish whose voice was whose. But I heard various girls begging me, "Please, please cum for us!" "Please cum all over our trim little bellies! We want your warm load all over us!" "This is so hot! I'm gonna cum the moment your cum lands on me!" "Fuck! Fuck! Do it! Cum for us! Fucking cum!" When I finally shot my load, it flew just past Callie, and only she and Anna ever actually caught any of my cum, except the last few dribbles that landed on Jessica.

"What did I win?" I asked, as I slumped to the floor.

"I'll think of something," Lauren smirked.