Chris next encountered House a couple of weeks later. The day before Chris was due to drop by Princeton one time mid-week, Wilson called him and told him he might not want to bother.

"I'm in bed with flu." He sounded miserable and hoarse. "Probably will be for a couple of days. A clinic patient sneezed right in my face yesterday, and I felt like shit this morning."

"Geez. Sorry to hear that." Chris was sympathetic. "I can come by anyway. Mop your fevered brow?"

Wilson laughed a little and coughed. "Sounds nice. Please do, if you don't mind risking my germs. But... you might not want to. I'm not at home, I'm at House's."

"Ah." Chris digested this information.

"Seems like the best place to be. He is a doctor, after all, even if he doesn't have the greatest bedside manner in the world," Wilson added, with an attempt at levity.

Chris had never seen House's bedside manner, but had difficulty envisaging that House could play the role of ministering angel. He decided firmly that he was not going to miss seeing Wilson for a week just because of House. "I'll come by and say hi."

"That would be nice," Wilson said gratefully, and Chris was pleased. "Stay at my place, if you want, save you driving all the way back after."

Chris duly arrived in Princeton as usual the next day in the evening, and swung by House's apartment. House opened the door and stood blocking the way.

"He's ill," House said flatly, no greeting. "And asleep."

"I know he's ill," Chris said shortly. "Flu, right? I'll take the risk."

House prevaricated. "Well, it looks like flu now, but who knows what deadly disease it might turn into."

Chris's patience was thin. "House, get the fuck out of the way and let me see my boyfriend."

It was the word boyfriend that did it; House flinched visibly and stood aside. Chris stalked through and towards the bedroom. He'd visited House's place a couple of times and knew the layout. He knew that there was only one bedroom, damnit. He didn't suppose House was sleeping on the couch just because there was a sick Wilson in his bed, either.

Wilson was asleep, huddled under blankets. He looked terribly pale, except for a bright blotchy spot of color punctuating each cheek. Chris sat down beside the bed and reached out gently to stroke Wilson's head; it felt hot under his hand. Wilson didn't stir.

Chris sat there for a while, not wanting to move, not wanting to disturb Wilson. He heard House moving around elsewhere in the apartment.

Eventually Wilson stirred, then sighed and opened his eyes.

Chris looked down at him with affection. "Hey, Sleeping Beauty."

"Huh. I feel like crap." Wilson groaned.

"You're so pretty when you're sick."

Wilson let out a small snort of laughter, stopped short by a cough. "Liar." He stretched. "God, I just ache all over."

"Don't move," Chris said quickly. "I'm just dropping by. Wanted to see how you are."

Wilson smiled, and the sight was so sweet it tugged at Chris's heart. "It's good to see you."

"House looking after you OK?" Chris couldn't help but ask.

"Yeah. Don't be misled, he just has a badass reputation to uphold." Wilson yawned.

They chatted for a few more minutes, then Chris decided he shouldn't disturb Wilson's sleep any longer. They said goodbye, and exchanged a long kiss, broken only when Wilson had to cough.

Chris was on his way towards the front door when House called through from the kitchen, "Want a coffee?"

Chris stopped and regarded House with suspicion. There was no way House was offering coffee out of friendliness or the goodness of his heart. He wanted something, presumably a conversation. Chris couldn't think that House would want to talk about anything he would, but curiosity and the smell of the coffee got the better of him.

House handed him a mug. Chris sat down at the kitchen table, and took a sip. It was damn good coffee. Trust House to have a taste for decent coffee.

House was standing leaning against the kitchen counter. Chris looked at him, waiting. After a minute House said, apropos of nothing, "So why're you going out with Wilson? Do you actually give a damn about him? Or is it just for the dynamite sex?"

Chris was flabbergasted by this line of questioning, and couldn't think how to respond except for fuck off and mind your own business, and he rather thought House could argue that it was his business.

"Of course I give a damn about him," he eventually said, gruffly, and took the opportunity to ask his own question. "Why do you put up with me?"

As he spoke, he realized this was a dangerous question. It implied House had some sort of veto, that he could end Chris's relationship with Wilson right there if he wanted to.

Which was true, Chris knew, but there was no need to have alluded to it.

To his surprise, House answered, and not only that but answered properly and promptly.

"It's in my interest. It's not like he's ever not there when I want him, after all. He's happy when he's with you," House carried on, slightly unexpectedly. "He indulges me when he's happy."

"Figures," Chris said dryly, thinking House was even more self-centered than he'd realized.

"And he's happy with you, because he's in love with you," House added.

Chris stared at him in surprise and disbelief, then shook his head. "Don't mess with me, House."

"I'm not. I've known Wilson for a long time. I know what he's like. You should see the way his face lights up if you call, or when he's getting ready to go meet you. He's going round the hospital just beaming at everyone all the time. He's in love with you." House picked up his cane and brought the tip of it down on the floor for emphasis. "Which means you could hurt him. Which is why I want to know if you actually give a damn about him or not. Or if it's just a way of you getting to have sex with someone who resembles your dead boyfriend."

Suddenly Chris was furious. He put the mug of coffee down on the table and glared at House. "Don't you fucking well dare, House."

House raised his eyebrows. "What, have I hit a nerve? I must be onto something here."

"House—" Chris said in a menacing tone.

"When you're fucking Wilson through the mattress, is it Edward you're seeing?" House said, taunting him now. "When Wilson's giving you a blowjob, is it Edward's head bobbing up and down between your legs? Do you have to stop yourself shouting Edward, Edward when—"

House didn't finish his sentence, as Chris jumped to his feet and punched House hard square on the jaw. Caught off-balance, House fell heavily sideways against the kitchen counter and landed sprawled on the floor.

"Great, hit the helpless cripple," House panted, pulling himself into a sitting position.

Chris stood over him, fist clenched. "Don't you play the cripple card with me, you bastard."

"What was I thinking?" House groped for his cane, lying on the floor next to him. "No need to stop yourself shouting Edward's name. Wilson's an enabler. He'd want to help you. He probably role plays Edward for you every night. Puts on a pair of glasses and side parts his hair and says—"

Chris moved to hit House again, but this time House was ready for him; House wielded the cane sharply and it hit Chris on the shin with a sharp crack. Chris shouted in pain and anger, and hopped around the kitchen floor for a few seconds. House grasped the cane more firmly and watched Chris carefully.

"What the hell is going on?"

Chris and House both froze and looked at the doorway. Wilson was standing there, leaning on the door frame with one hand. He was wearing boxer shorts and T-shirt. He was deathly pale and there was a sheen of sweat on his face.

Chris and House said in unison, "Nothing."

"Nothing?" Wilson stared round the kitchen. "Then shut up, both of you! I'm trying to sleep!" Suddenly his eyes narrowed and he stared at House. "House, are you OK?"

"Me? I'm fine! You're the one with flu!" House shouted. "Get the fuck back to bed! I'm a doctor, that's an order!"

Wilson looked momentarily bewildered by the force of House's onslaught, then said, "All right. I'm going. Keep the noise down."

He looked at Chris, and Chris saw a mute appeal on Wilson's face; he wasn't sure what it meant. Then Wilson left, heading back towards the bedroom.

Chris looked at House, and abruptly realized what Wilson had meant by his question, and that look. House had jarred his leg when he'd fallen, and he couldn't actually get up on his own right now.

Given the choice, Chris would have happily walked out and left House sitting there. Leave the heartless bastard on the floor, let him suffer for a bit, he fucking well deserved it after what he'd said. But he knew Wilson had silently asked him to help House. And if he left now, then Wilson would surely just end up getting out of his sickbed and helping House himself.

Chris gritted his teeth, and wordlessly held out a hand to House. For a few seconds Chris thought House was going to refuse his hand, in which case he really might have jabbed a finger through House's eye, but then House reached out and took it. They both paused for a second, and it felt uncannily to Chris as if a truce had been called.

Then Chris hauled House to his feet. House leaned heavily against the counter. Apparently he'd showed enough weakness for one day and wasn't about to sit down now while Chris was there. Chris nearly said You OK? but realized he would only get his head bitten off for asking. House reached for his little orange pill bottle, sitting on the counter, and swallowed two pills together.

"I'll be off then," Chris said shortly. "I'll be staying at Wilson's tonight if you want to get hold of me, then I'll be heading home tomorrow."

"OK," House said, unusually subdued.

Chris thought of how hot Wilson's head had felt underneath his hand and wanted some reassurance. "He'll be alright, right?"

"Of course he will." House picked up his mug of coffee again, the momentary vulnerability fast fading away. "The hard part will be stopping him going to work tomorrow. Don't worry, I'll tie him to the bed if I have to."

A vision of this floated up before Chris's eyes, and he turned and left quickly.