Have you ever found yourself just wandering ? For no real reason, you just felt like getting out. Well I do, quite often in fact. It was on one such occasion that I met up with Emma. 

I was taking what I intended to be a short trip through the park when I looked and found an angel; just sitting on a park bench. Sitting there with her legs crossed, leaning over to feed the birds. The middle of summer, yet a comfortable cool evening, she was wearing nothing more than a knee length skirt, tight v-neck shirt and nearly knee high boots. I cant yet see her face, but I know shes beautiful.

At first wanting to walk up to her I decided to watch her for a moment instead. To see what she would do. I ducked behind a line of bushes, still 30 or so feet from her and across; it I had a near perfect view of her.

She just sat there feeding, the birds, completely un-aware of anything going on around her, including my presence. All the sudden, she looks up, right at me. She couldnt have seen me, could she? Dropping the pack of crackers she leans back into the bench. Still looking directly at me she slowly raises a hand and beckons me near. Her gaze, from her bright brown eyes captivates me, like a deer in headlights. I cant help but stand and walk towards her. 

As I reach the bench she stands as well and begins to walk away. Staring, wondering where she is going I am too captivated to turn away, she has me. Turning back to me she says You coming or not? though barely above a whisper her words echoed inside me, driving me follow. She leads me through the park, off the trails and towards an area I know quite well, the park exit nearest my own apartment. Reaching the exit, now walking side by side, still not touching she stops us at the exit and gently says My place is just up the street a block or so. Smiling, I am almost proud to retort Well mine is just there. A soft smirk comes across her face as she starts across the street ahead of me. 

As we reach my door she stands just in front of the lock, facing back at me, her body poised, as though she was expecting an attack. Reaching around her with one hand to unlock the door I gently caress her stomach with the other. Her hair smells of flowers and fruit, I dont know how much longer I can resist her. Stumbling through the door, we try to not unlock ourselves from our embrace. I have to admit to myself, its almost too bad my bedroom is on the fist floor of my home, to watch her up the stairs would have been a pleasure. Making our way back to my bedroom she spins around to face me, rips off my shirt, breaking or tearing off ALL the buttons, and smiles.

She leans in to kiss me but I take her by the hair on the back of her head and spin her round to face away from me, pulling her back into me. I tilt her head to one side, running my fingers up her jugular and slowly kiss and nibble on her neck and earlobe, as I do she releaser her first moan, mmmm, my favorite sound. I unzip the side of her skirt and letting it drop to my floor; I run my hand back up her hip and across her stomach. She grabs my hand and pulls it across her, into a full embrace, with our bodies tight against one another I grab her hip and spin her to face me once more. Runing my hands up her sides I pull her blouse off and bask in her magnificence. There she stands, wearing no more than black, lacy, panties and knee high boots. 

Staring each other directly in the eyes for what feels like minutes I slowly pull off whats left of my shirt, kick off my shoes and reach for my belt. She reaches out stop me and a guide my hands to her back, her skin so silky smooth, the feeling of it gently against my finger tips nearly sends me into fervor. She reaches out to undo my belt herself, whipping it off she sends it sailing across the room and  inn act like Ive never seen before and doubt Ill see again, she drops to her knees, bites the button off my pants and unzips them in one swift motion. Discovering I rarely wear any underwear she grabs me by the waiste and pushes me back onto the bed.

She slides my pants off then slithers her way back to my waist, licking the length of my cock as she slides; she wraps her lips around my head and slowly traces circles around it with her tongue. She then begins inhaling me, nearly to the base letting out a groan she knows, she has me. I grab the back of her head by the hair as she slides her lips up the length of my cock flicking her tongue along the underside as she does sucking and humming. I cant help but groan aloud again. She looks up at me as she begins to move her head up and down, and up and down, sucking and licking, tracing her name on my shaft with her tongue, till she knows I can take no more. 

With my grip still on her hair I pull her up to me, rolling her over to her back, I lick all the way from her chin to her belly button. 

Holding up a finger to tell her to wait, I run to the kitchen, throw open the freezer and grab a small bowl nearby. Running back to the bedroom I find her laying there, in the middle of my bed, sprawled out with a look of content on her face I did not yet expect. Noticing I am back, smiles up at me, noticing the bowl in my hand her face turns to slight confusion, though her eyes deceive her, the lust in her eyes needs to know what is in that bowl. Telling her to close her eyes I slide onto the bed next to her, keeping the contents of the bowl my secret. She complies as I climb over her, positioning myself to caress and kiss her body. 

Taking an ice cube from the bowl, I pop it into my mouth then lean in to kiss her. Her eyes quickly flash open as she feels the cold of the ice on her tongue. I retract the ice, as if to tell her she can only have the ice if she keeps her eyes closed. I kiss my way down her neck with the ice in my mouth just sliding it across her silky skin as I kiss. As the cold slides down her sternum it stops. She peeks with one eye to see why I stopped. Sucking the ice off her skin when I catch her peeking she quickly closes her eye and moans for me not to stop now. I wait a moment just to feel her body yearn out to me. I drop my mouth onto one of her nipples and let the ice rest on it. She shudders a bit at the touch and settles back into pleasure. I repeat again with the other nipple to much the same response.

Pulling the ice off yet again, I love nothing more than watching her arch her body at me, silently begging for more. I drop all the way down to her ankle to begin my slow ascent of kisses and ice, up her calf, to the back of her knee and on to the inside of her thigh. The ice is nearly so I drop the small portion left onto her belly and watch it slide and settle into her belly button. I grab another piece, pop it in my mouth but, this time I slide it off to the side for the time being. I grab her by her knees and toss her legs up on my shoulders. 

I lean in and slowly and gently begin to kiss her lips. She locks her ankles behind my back and begins to squeeze my head within her thighs. I gently lick between her lips as I feel the heat radiating off her and the moisture gaining strength. I wrap my mouth around her moistening vagina and let the ice drop out of my cheek. I hear her squeal and grip my head and the ice slides across her most private parts. I begin to flick at her clitoris and let the ice bounce around. I grab the ice with my tongue and use it to massage her clit. She begins to moan louder and louder as I flick harder and faster at her. I pull my mouth off and she squeezes my head back into place forcing me against her. I slide my hand from off her thigh and bring it up between her legs. I bring my lips back to her clitoris and press my closed lips against it as I begin to slide my fingers deep within her moist inner workings.

She lets out a more than audible OH MYGOD as I open my mouth to begin to flick at her again while sliding my fingers in and out of her, I curve my fingers to find her rough, already swollen nerve cluster and massage her G-spot. She grabs my head, running her fingers through my hair. Her breathing has become shallow and very fast. Next are her moans, louder and louder till they border screams. Then I slide my fingers out of her and move my mouth down. I press on her clit with my thumb as I slide my tongue into her. I begin to pulse my thumb and slide it around. Her moans have become full screams. If I continue too much longer one of my neighbors is likely to call the police. I wiggle my tongue like a trapped snake inside her pressing it against her every fold and crevice, every nerve. She lets out one final scream HOLY FUCK, FUCK ME, FUCK ME NOW!

She releases my head from her legs and pulls me up to her by the chin. We kiss deeply. I bend my head off to the side and bite her neck and kiss her chin. She is still shaking. I rub my hands up and down her sides, being careful not to touch her supple breasts. Her breathing slowly returns to normal and she re-opens her eyes. Then there is a change to her look, from helpless orgasm to a naughty, thankful but almost vengeful look. She grabs pushes my shoulder and forces me over onto my back. My cock is like steel and throbbing from hearing her and seeing her, smelling her and tasting her. 

She slides herself down onto me, slowly, moaning as I penetrate her. She begins to gyrate and bounce on me, ecstasy consumes us. I sit up and grab her by the waist. Still inside her, I lift her off the bed and push her against the wall across the room. I wrap my arms under her knees. She wraps her arms around my neck, pulling my face to consume her bosoms. I slowly slide out till nothing more than my head remains in her. Then I slam myself back inside her with a grunt. I start slowly, making long, full strokes, pressing us together then lifting her off. She moans for me to pound her faster, no faster, come on, faster, oh fuck me, oh god I completely comply with her wishes. Fucking her faster and faster, harder and faster till those screams of ecstasy come over her once again; She digs her nails into my back and I yell out in pain and ecstasy as I burry my cock deep inside her and fill her with my love.
