Keywords: Ff, cons, interr
Part: Chapter 97
Author: Miranda Mars
Title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance

Chapter 97



          Laura had very mixed feelings after her evening of torrid 
    fucking with Rhonda.  It had been unexpected, exciting, exhausting 
    both emotionally and physically.  She and Rhonda had been very good 
    together in bed, sympathetic to each other's needs, skilled at 
    satisfying them.  Rhonda, though she didn't fit the image of Laura's 
    usual desires, was stunning, with a killer body and a beautiful 
    face.  She also had a sweet vulnerability that Laura would never 
    have seen had she not slept with her. 

          But the business about Yvette had simply been evaded by them 
    both.  How would Laura feel the next time she discovered that Yvette 
    had spent a similar night in Rhonda's bed, with Rhonda's tongue up 
    her sweet little black pussy instead of Laura's own tongue?  How 
    would Rhonda feel if Yvette let her know that Laura could produce in 
    her long, wild strings of orgasms that left her sobbing and 
    shattered and gasping for breath?

          Laura preferred not to think of it.  Instead she went over 
    every detail of their sex together, remembering all of it, 
    especially the stunning beauty of Rhonda's naked body.  And then the 
    thought of Chanitra came back to her, as it had while she was 
    kissing Rhonda's naked buns.  What a thing, she chided herself.  
    Thinking of a lovely girl like Chanitra just because of her ass.

          But it had been two or three months since she had last seen 
    the girl, and she felt a pang of lust, even after the extravagant 
    number of orgasms she had had with Rhonda.  She tried to control it, 
    feeling there was something of the dirty-old-man syndrome in her 
    wanting to fuck this sweet adolescent girl so badly.  But in the end 
    it began to obsess her, and one evening she picked up the phone 
    without any more self-control and dialed the number. 

          Chanitra was not home, but Laura left a message.  She was 
    awakened at 1 a.m. by the downstairs doorbell.  She asked who it was 
    through the intercom.

          "Who you think, girl?  Didn't you call me?"

          "Chanitra?"

          "No, Sister Soulja.  You gon' let me in or what?"

          Grinning wearily, Laura pressed the buzzer.  She looked down 
    at herself as she waiting for Chanitra to take the elevator up.  
    God, I look awful, she thought.  She wore only an old tee-shirt that 
    barely reached her bottom.  No panties.  Maybe I should put on 
    something else.

          But before could make up her sleepy mind, Chanitra was there, 
    rapping softly on her door.  She opened it, and Chanitra slipped in, 
    squinting with glee as she glanced at Laura.

          "You must have been waiting for me," she giggled.  "Look at 
    you."

          "I'm too busy looking at you."

          Chanitra was stunning.  She was still the same artless high 
    school girl, in braids and sneakers, wearing her pants too tight, 
    and her sweaters too, her hard little breasts threatening to burst 
    right through the wool, the taut moons of her ass a miracle under 
    the denim.  Though weary, Laura could feel her heart take a leap, 
    and a sharp twinge deep in her pussy caught her attention.

          She closed the door and the bolt.  Chanitra's eyes widened, 
    and she made a droll moue.

          "Oooohh, I'm trapped in here with a lesbian sex fiend," she 
    laughed.

          Laura pushed her against the front door and kissed her before 
    she could go on.  Chanitra's mouth was cool from being outdoors, but 
    Laura quickly heated it up, devouring it, frenching the girl 
    passionately, digging her fingers into Chanitra's phenomenal ass 
    through her jeans at the same time.

          "You hurtin' me, you sex maniac," Chanitra giggled against 
    Laura's teeth, returning Laura's kiss with equal passion.  "Mmmm, 
    god, I want you to hurt me."

          Chanitra raised one hand under Laura's tee-shirt and slid two 
    fingers into the wet crease of Laura's pussy, rubbing it sensually.

          "Unhhh!" Laura gasped, feeling a hot rush of lust envelop her.

          "You wet for me, Laura," Chanitra murmured.

          "I'm always wet for you."

          Now Chanitra switched from playful schoolgirl to dreamily sexy 
    siren.  She kissed Laura in a very sensual, suggestive way and slid 
    her two long fingers up into Laura's flowing pussy at the same time.  
    Laura nearly came on the spot.  Her body clenched and quivered.

          "Oh!  Oh!" she whimpered uncontrollably.

          "Hold on . . . hold on," Chanitra whispered.  "Let's go in on 
    the bed."

          "Yes."

          They stumbled down the hall to Laura's bedroom and fell into 
    the rumpled sheets where Laura had been sleeping only minutes ago.  
    Laura's fingers tore at Chanitra's zipper, and the buttons on her 
    sweater.

          "God, girl, don't tear it," Chanitra panted.

          "Sorry."

          "I ain't going anywhere but here."

          "I know."

          "Ohhnnnn!  Oh yes . . . Laura, yes!" Chanitra gasped as Laura 
    finally got her bra unclasped and, cupping one small hard breast in 
    her palm, nearly swallowed Chanitra's large, swelling, black nipple. 

          There was really no way either one could hold back.  Both 
    wanted to make love in a slow, sensual rhythm, since they had not 
    done this for a while.  And yet it quickly became a hot, frantic 
    fury of wild fucking.

          Chanitra was very wet too, very eager, and Laura's skilled 
    hand in her pussy quickly had her on the edge.  They murmured and 
    panted half-hysterically to each other, kissing, kneading, their 
    hands probing, rubbing, jabbing.

          "Unhh!  Oh . . . god, unhhh Laura . . . please!  Unh!  Oh shit 
    oh . . . yes!  Oh god, girl, I---" Chanitra gasped, her body 
    squirming against Laura's.

          "Yes!  Yes!" Laura gasped back.  "Me too.  Unhhh!  Oh . . . 
    come with me, baby!  Quick . . . now!  Unggghh!"

          They both came explosively, at nearly the same instant.  The 
    rapture was very intense, driving the breath from their lungs, their 
    naked bodies flexing, arching, shuddering together as the hot spasms 
    wrenched them both.  When their breath came back, it was in low, 
    sobbing moans of fierce ecstacy, as the sharp spasms gave way to 
    quivering undulations and deep throbbing.

          "God, I missed you, I missed you so much," Laura said, kissing 
    every part of Chanitra she could reach.

          Chanitra erupted in giggles again.  "You horny ole white lady, 
    I missed you too.  Just when I try to get normal, and stay away from 
    your kinky old self, you do something like that to me.  I never ever 
    came that way with anyone else, you know that?  Not even when I was 
    doing it with Karen, a few times.  She never did that to me.  Only 
    you.  Only you, you nasty thing."

          "So you have been avoiding me," Laura said, nuzzling her 
    beautiful black neck and gleaming shoulder.

          Chanitra's dark eyes became shiny, and she grew suddenly 
    bashful.  "Got myself a boyfriend," she confessed.

          "Can't stay away from that cock, eh?" Laura teased.

          Chanitra batted her long lashes.  Sometimes, though rarely, 
    she looked very much like Yvette, her sister, which brought an extra 
    pang of longing to Laura's heart.

          "I like the way it feels, you know?" Chanitra squinted-smiled.  
    "Feels good.  Not the same way with you, but good, you know?"

          Laura nodded.  "I know."

          "You ever do it with guys too?"

          "Of course."

          "You do not."

          "Do too."

          "When's the last time?"

          Laura thought.  "About a month ago.  An old friend.  And his 
    wife," she added.

          "And his wife?"  Chanitra's eyes grew big.  "What's her name?"

          "Camille."

          "You fuck her too?"

          Laura smiled.  "We sort of had a party . . . all of us."

          Chanitra broke into a wide grin.  "You nasty lady.  I don't 
    know anybody as nasty as you."

          They embraced and kissed tenderly this time, and then slowly 
    unfolded into the long, slow, sensual love-making they had not been 
    able to do the first time, when hot lust had got the better of them 
    both.   This time Laura took charge, slowly exploring and renewing 
    her acquaintance with every smooth inch of Chanitra's peerless 17-
    year-old girl's body.

          She kissed it and stroked it and sucked it, licking, nipping, 
    tongueing, probing.  She spent long minutes on Chanitra's 
    wonderfully hard, round little breasts, kneading them and sucking 
    the large, swelling black nipples until they were springy and 
    rubbery, and Chanitra was moaning continuously.
   
          Then she descended to the girl's truly beautiful young pussy, 
    licking and sucking it until Chanitra arched, a tight, constricted 
    moan caught deep inside her throat, and came in a long, undulating 
    wave of ecstacy.  

          "Auunngghh!  Ohhnnnn . . . oh god . . . Laura!  Ungghh!  Oh!  
    Auungghh!" she groaned, coming in long, rolling waves, her young, 
    sleek body shuddering and straining.

          She was still coming as Laura turned her over and began to 
    feast on the peerless beauty of Chantira's firm round dark moons, 
    kissing and kneading them, biting them, slithering her fingers 
    between them, tickling the pinched-tight ring of Chantira's asshole.  
    Chanitra's ass was the same miracle of perfection that Laura had 
    found so irresistible the first time she had seen the girl, then 
    only 16, at Yvette's house.  And the eager, palpitating lust it 
    still aroused in her was shocking.

          She wanted to consume it completely, and she quickly pulled 
    apart the incredibly firm cheeks and got her tongue into the crack, 
    making Chanitra squeal excitedly.  Laura knew she had hardly come 
    down from her orgasm, and that meant another quick one was possible.  
    She got her fingers onto the girl's wet pussy, rubbing Chanitra's 
    clit vigorously, and slid the tip of her tongue into Chanitra's 
    tight little asshole at the same time.

          Chanitra squealed again and nearly went into convulsions.

          "Ohhnnn god oh Laura . . . unnghhiieeee!   Oh!  Oh Jesus yes 
    oh Laura unnmmmnnggeeee!  Nnnggeee!"

          She squirmed so wildly that Laura could hardly continue.  But 
    she grabbed and pillow and stuffed it under Chanitra's belly, 
    raising her crotch and her ass slightly.  Then Laura crouched 
    between Chanitra's spread thighs from behind and renewed her love 
    assault.  But this time she was unwilling to stop with her tongue.

          She tongue-fucked Chanitra again until the girl went into a 
    semi-trance of low moaning, gyrating her bottom up into Laura's 
    invading mouth and hands.  But then Laura reached for the drawer in 
    the bedstand, where she always kept a small bottle of baby oil.  The 
    top of the bottle flipped up easily for quick access, and in only a 
    second she had spread warm oil into Chanitra's asscrack and onto two 
    of her fingers.

          "Ungh!" Chanitra grunted softly, looking bleary-eyed back over 
    her shoulder curiously as Laura's fingers penetrated her ass.  
    "Unghhh!  Oh god . . . Laura!" she gasped.

          It had been a while since Laura had done this to her.  About a 
    year earlier she had, one evening, indulged in a brief mania for 
    fucking this girl's incredibly beautiful ass, giving Chanitra a few 
    shattering orgasms.  And during the one time she and Karen had 
    fucked Chanitra together, they had used dildoes to double-penetrate 
    and sandwich-fuck her, in a wildly exciting orgy that could still 
    make Laura's heart pound when she recalled it.

          "Do you want me to stop?" she asked softly, rotating her 
    fingers as she pushed them in deep, watching the peculiar mixture of 
    intense pleasure and pain seize Chanitra's lovely young face.

          "Unhh!  No . . . I don't.  Unhhh!  Oh Jesus!  Unhhh!  God, 
    Laura, if you touch my pussy I'm gonna come all over the place."

          "Again?" Laura teased.

          "Yes!  Again!  Ungghh!  Oh yes . . . oh yes like that, do it 
    harder, ungghhh!  Yes ungghh!  Oh!"

          Laura began to fuck her harder, and faster.  Chanitra pushed 
    her face into the sheet, clenching her teeth and moaning 
    uncontrollably.  Laura couldn't keep her mouth away from the girl's 
    beautiful, gleaming, black moons.  She kissed and bit them 
    aggressively, plunging her two fingers more roughly into Chanitra's 
    ass, until Chanitra was really going wild, whooping and gurgling in 
    a crackling fit of lust, her wonderful sleek body quivering and 
    flexing.

          "Ungghh!  Ohngg!  Oh . . . Laura unghh!  Oh yes!  Please!  Oh 
    Laura, I want to . . . feel your mouth on my pussy.  You can . . . 
    make me come.  Oh god, I'm gonna come.  Please!  Please, Laura!"

          "Yes, baby, yes," Laura panted.

          She had to remove her fingers from Chanitra's ass so they 
    could turn her over.  But they did it quickly, so that now 
    Chanitra's ass was perched on the pillow, and her long sinuous pussy 
    was uptilted and vulnerable, shiny wet with fuck-juice, the black 
    lips puffy and open, exposing the wet magenta interior.  Laura slid 
    her fingers back up into Chanitra's ass, and Chanitra's whole 
    delicious body clenched.

          "Ohhnngg!" she groaned, biting her full lower lip, looking 
    down her body at Laura.

          Chanitra gyrated her hips, grabbing and twisting her breasts 
    and pinching her nipples, gasping each time Laura's fingers plunged 
    deep into her ass.  

          "Oh!  Oh god, Laura . . . I'm gonna come all over the place.  
    Ungghh!  Oh . . . I'm gonna come so hard.  Suck my pussy, please.  
    Please . . . quick, quick!  Oh!"

          And Laura was so aroused herself that she didn't hold back a 
    thing.  She stabbed her tongue as far as it would go into Chanitra's 
    hot, wet pussy, then pulled it out just as fast and sucked the 
    girl's swollen clit into her mouth, feeling Chanitra explode with 
    fierce coming almost immediately.  She came extravagantly, a 
    stupendous, surging orgasm, her body flipping and straining and 
    arching, while incoherent, ululating sounds came from deep in her 
    chest, followed by wild ecstatic moans.

          "Auungghhh . . . ohhnngggg!  Ungghh!  Ohhhhh Laura 
    auuunnnggghhh!" she groaned, coming perhaps more violently than 
    Laura had ever seen her come.

          The orgasm nearly destroyed her, and it was several minutes 
    before she could even speak.  Then, instead of saying anything, 
    instinctively knowing how aroused Laura had become while fucking her 
    and watching her come that way, she pushed Laura onto her back and 
    made love to Laura's wet pussy with her mouth and fingers so 
    heatedly that Laura too was coming in under a minute, her body 
    jolted by one fiery spasm after another.

          After this they cuddled, which Chanitra loved to do, Laura was 
    always surprised to discover.  

          "You fuck me too hard, Laura," Chanitra said to her seriously.  
    "Even my boyfriend don't fuck me as hard as you do."

          "If you only let him fuck you in that beautiful ass, he 
    might," Laura smiled.  "It's an inspiration."

          "Nobody ever fucked me there but you," Chanitra murmured, 
    almost bashfully.  "Remember that time you and Karen fucked me 
    together with those rubber dicks?"

          Laura nodded.  Boy, do I remember, she thought.  "God, yes," 
    she said, her voice catching in her throat.

          "You were the one who fucked me there.  Gosh, I don't think I 
    ever came that hard, except maybe just a minute ago."  She smiled at 
    Laura.  "I think I'd like to do that again."

          "Really?" Laura said, interested, her blood heating up as she 
    contemplated it.  "That might be arranged."

          "You think so?"

          Laura could see Chanitra was interested too.  "I think so.  
    You want me to ask Karen?"

          Chanitra pouted.  "She probably hates me.  I quit going over 
    there a long time ago.  She wanted to tie me up and stuff.  You 
    know?"

          "You told me," Laura nodded, glad she had never suggested such 
    a thing herself.  "But I think she might forgive you.  If you wanted 
    to have a little party with the three of us."

          "God, just talking about has got me hot all over again," 
    Chanitra gulped.

          "Me too," Laura confessed.  "And I know just the thing to put 
    us in heaven."

          She went to the drawer and pulled out the butterfly vibrator.

          "What's that thing?" Chanitra asked, regarding it as if it 
    were an instrument of torture.

          "Girl," Laura whispered, caressing the vibrator with one 
    finger, "this little device will send you to the ninth cloud of 
    paradise."

          Chanitra's eyes widened; then she broke into a huge, 
    infectious grin.  "You ain't sticking that thing in this little 
    black pussy," she said, giggling.

          "Not in it, silly," Laura grinned.

          Chanitra's dark eyes widened as she began to get the idea.  
    Laura moved closer and began by kissing her sensually again, getting 
    them both back into the pliant, passionate, fuck-hungry mood they 
    had shared at the time Chanitra had arrived.  When they were both 
    dying for it again, Laura maneuvered Chantra around to face her, 
    both of them sitting up on the mattress, one of her legs propped 
    over Chanitra's, the other one underneath her other leg.  They were 
    close enough so that their breasts touched, their nipples brushing, 
    their mouths intermingling again.  Their crotches brushed together 
    too, and Laura knew they could come again just like this, groping 
    and kissing, rubbing their groins together.

          The fiendish butterfly vibrator lay beside them on the 
    mattress, and they were too physically involved even to notice it.  
    Their hunger for one another was truly reawakened.
 
          "How can you want a boyfriend when you can have me," Laura 
    whispered, taunting Chanitra, squeezing and sucking her hard little 
    breasts until Chanitra was panting and mewling.

          "Mmmm, you want to know why I stay away from you, Laura?" 
    Chanitra panted excitedly.  "It's because of this.  Unhh!  I just 
    want to do it with you all the time."

          "Mmmmm, I'm always here," Laura smiled.  "Waiting for you."

          "You gon' fuck me with that thing, or not?" Chanitra panted, 
    her lovely dark eyes glassy.

          "I am.  I'm going to fuck us both with it."

          "Then do it.  I'm ready.  God, am I ready," Chanitra gasped, 
    throwing her head back as Laura assaulted her other naked breast.

          Laura was ready too.  She knew they both would come in ten 
    seconds if she didn't use the machine now.  And then we'll come in a 
    split second, she thought.  But it would be a ripping, rending 
    orgasm, something she had only experienced, or dared to experience, 
    twice before; with Kim, and with Karen.

          She moved their groins slightly apart, so that the vibrator 
    would fit between them.  Then she carefully inserted it so that one 
    butterfly was adjacent to her clit, and the other to Chanitra's.

          "It's going to be fast, honey," she  whispered.  "Be ready."

          Chanitra looked down at the thing between them.  "I am ready," 
    she acknowledged softly.

          "Kiss me," Laura said.  "Kiss me hard.  Fuck me with your 
    mouth."

          They kissed, gently, then more roughly, and Laura, holding 
    tight to the shaft of the vibrator, pushed the switch.  At the same 
    instant she pushed her groin forward, having learned this technique 
    the first time from Kim, so that the vibrating butterflies found 
    their targets.  The thing came alive in her hand.

          "Ungghh!  Oh . . . god!" Chanitra groaned, whimpering, then 
    moaning hysterically as a shocking orgasm wrenched her.  "Auungghh!"

          Laura was right behind her, coming violently, feeling a huge, 
    swelling bubble of burning ecstacy explode deep inside her body.  
    She clamped down her teeth on her screams, but they escaped in tight 
    squeals anyway.

          "Nnnggmmiieeee!  Onngh!  Ummnnggiieeee!" she wailed into 
    Chanitra's smooth neck.

          Chanitra was still coming, her wonderful lean body flexing and 
    shuddering as each horrific explosion rocked her.  Soft grunts and 
    guttural moans escaped from her throat.

          "Ungghh!  Oh . . . Laur---!  Auungghh.  Mnnggiieee!" she 
    yelped too, coming yet again.

          Laura through the jolting surges of her own string of climaxes 
    had the presence of mind to reach down and fling the still-buzzing 
    thing out onto the sheet beside them.  They collapsed together and 
    fell sideways, kissing and moaning, still throbbing with 
    aftershocks.

          "Ohhnnnn god . . . Laura, you tryin' to kill me," Chanitra 
    moaned as they both slowly regained their senses.

          Laura kissed her deeply.  "You never came like that.  Admit 
    it," she whispered hoarsely, feeling her own pussy still throbbing 
    like an overheated car engine.

          It took them both a long time to recover.  Each had come about 
    five times just from the butterfly alone.

          "I think I got to own me one of those," Chanitra giggled, 
    examining the finally-quiet machine.  "Whenever you horny, you just 
    go in the bathroom and---"

          "Having first remembered to gag yourself," Laura smiled.

          "Right.  And then have about forty comes that blow your little 
    pussy right apart."

          "Oh . . . it's still there, isn't it?" Laura teased.  "I'd 
    hate so much to be without it."

          "I don't even know," Chanitra grinned.  "I felt it explode 
    about five or six times.  Wow."

          Unwilling to let Chanitra go without a final, tender, sealing 
    moment, Laura coaxed her onto her back again and within seconds was 
    licking, tongue-stroking that beautiful young pussy until she had 
    Chanitra in the grip of a culminating, gloriously exuberant orgasm 
    that left her totally wiped out and gasping in Laura's arms.  It was 
    a fitting end to a wonderful evening of fucking, and Chanitra left 
    Laura deep in the knowledge that nothing else she could ever do 
    would come close to this.




