The first time he had seen it, which had been something of an odd experience in and of itself, Floyd had paid it no mind. It had not connected until much later in the day, during some highly inappropriate time, that the same markings that were in bold red strokes on the front of his costume, were also shiny pink scars on the front of his chest. Since that connection had been made, Floyd couldn't see the red on Catman's chest without seeing the pink that he knew lay beneath. It was… distracting, to say the least.

Floyd considered himself a ladies' man, he had had a wife, had a daughter with her even. He'd spent a good deal of his initial time with the Six chasing after Scandal. Even so, none of that seemed to matter because despite everything else his past dictated, or his present was saying, there was the undeniable fact that the red clothe on Catman's uniform no longer looked how it ought to when Floyd looked at it. Even when he tried to clear his head, or drink it away… nothing doing.

Things got odder as time progressed. He knew that Thomas was having a thing with Cheshire. And things started getting messed up with the Society after them at every turn, and the Six fighting against them tooth and nail. And then there had been subsequent betrayal. Both Floyd's own and Cheshire's, it'd seem. Thomas had learned it all in the same night too. Floyd actually felt bad about that, what he'd done. Unlike Cheshire, he was willing to try and make up for it.

Things had smoothed over by the time everything was done. They were banged up but they'd survived. And things had calmed down, for a time. He and Thomas had visited Ollie, to try and get him and the others back on the right track, the heroes. And after that, Thomas had begun acting a bit weird.

Floyd was trying not to act weird because Thomas was and it ended up muddled. Floyd had to admit that he had been in that same position once. Wanting to be a hero, but not willing to take on the ridiculous moral code. Besides, the bad guys paid better. Not that he thought Thomas had even considered that.

Then again, Thomas had never been what Floyd would consider normal, none of them were. Thomas was even more different than that, though. They'd been coerced, and he'd come willingly. Or maybe not so willingly… they just had to trick him. Looking back on it, Floyd was sure that a threat against Thomas' pride would have only caused them problems. And he'd been played, they all had been played.

Floyd tried not to think on that too much.

But the real strangeness had happened while they'd been visiting Green Arrow. It'd been a while ago now, but Floyd had been even more aware of Thomas since then. He wasn't sure why, either. It had yet to let up. They bantered a lot and even though Floyd had gone to see Michelle and Zoe a bit more frequently, it didn't change the fact that there was definitely something there, lurking, growing between himself and Thomas that was getting hard to deny.

It probably had something to do with the odd camaraderie they had. Thomas should have, by all rights, still loathed Floyd for the pride. But he hadn't, and maybe going toe-to-toe with Deathstroke had been enough of retribution and repentance. Because Floyd wasn't sure he'd have been able to forgive someone if he'd suffered the loss that Thomas had. The fact that he'd forgiven, and even made overtures of friendship it boggled the mind.

But it really went back to Thomas and the fact that he wasn't like anyone else Floyd had met. The determination in his eyes, the way he carried himself was so much like a hero; the ruthlessness he could exhibit, the kill or be killed mentality… it wasn't as much like a villain as it was like a wild animal. Floyd knew that Thomas was one of the top of the food chain types. A predator. A tracker. Dangerous.

In spite of all past indicators, that fact was one of the selling points. Floyd loved women; he loved the way that they felt, that they curved, there were a lot of good qualities about women. Qualities that Floyd adored, cherished even.

He had been with women, women who were seductresses by trade, wild women, women who did those things for a living, and even pretty innocent women who had no idea about their own charms. But there'd never been anything in them quite like what he saw in Thomas. If he had believed in the new-age philosophies, totem animals might have sprung to mind.

Floyd could tell from the claw marks he wore like a badge, the vague primal instinct that came out when he fought. The hunter and predator mentality he possessed. That through and through, without a doubt, Thomas was every much one of those cats that Floyd had killed.

That made Thomas more appealing to him, not less.

After that revelation, Floyd wasn't able to stop noticing other things. The way his muscles moved beneath the spandex of his costume, or a tight t-shirt. The way his eyes always seemed sharp and alert. The way his hair fell. It was crazy. Addictive. He was sure that Thomas had noticed him looking. Though their interactions hadn't changed, so perhaps Floyd had been mistaken on that.

Floyd was sure the amount of time he spent thinking about Thomas was beginning to interfere with his performance. Mainly because he spent a lot of time in the field watching to make sure Thomas' ass was covered. And something had to be done. 
He had been heading in to the showers and Thomas had been heading out of them.

In truth, he was sure the decision had been a bad one. But those pink scars, glistening with water, those damnable distracting scars. The beginning of something like madness. Floyd stared. Thomas pretended like there was nothing wrong, and conversed politely with Floyd as he toweled off. He responded automatically, clearly distracted.

The entire time Thomas had been drying off, and had even pulled on a pair of boxers, Floyd hadn't been able to stop from staring. He was fairly certain he was acting ridiculous. Thomas had begun to fold his towel when Floyd finally did something about all of the odd thoughts that had been cropping up over the past few months.

Floyd sprang at him, his palms knocking in to Thomas' shoulders, sending him down on to the cold tile of the bathroom. Thomas let out a surprised and angry sound as Floyd pinned him. There wasn't a lot of time, Floyd knew that. In terms of out and out hand-to-hand combat, Thomas was clearly superior, and if his actions were deemed as threatening, it could end badly.

Floyd kept his palms on Thomas's shoulders, his fingers curling until his blunt fingernails dug in to the flesh of Thomas' shoulders. Thomas' eyes flashed with something, but Floyd wasn't going to just give up. He wasn't sure what was coming over him. Despite that fact, he shifted himself to a better position. He could feel Thomas' muscles move beneath his hands. Floyd decided to make a move… after all, the worst that could happen was they'd have a scuffle that he'd ultimately lose.

If Thomas hadn't remained angry about the pride, he certainly wouldn't hold a grudge for this.

Floyd moved in, ducking his head, which caused a look of confusion to pass over Thomas' face, but he stilled then. It was absurd, Floyd having Thomas pinned there, in a room no one would think twice about just walking in to. Floyd wasn't sure where he got the courage, but without further hesitation, he leaned in closer and ran his tongue over the smooth, scarred skin there. It tasted vaguely soapy and something laid under that taste. Floyd made a sound and Thomas went perfectly still beneath him. Floyd couldn't see his face, but he imagined that the other man was confused.

"Floyd…" Thomas' voice was calm, given the strangeness of the situation, but whatever he was going to say was cut off as Floyd licked him again. He would have liked to claim that he was just trying to figure out what the other taste had been but there was also a very healthy want of tasting Thomas' skin again. Floyd's fingers flexed a little. The first few tentative laps gave way to Floyd tracing over one of the scars, the center one, from bottom to top.

Thomas' head fell back against the tile with a quiet sound, one that was overshadowed by a sound from the back of Thomas' throat. Floyd glanced up, for just a moment, assumed Thomas had resigned himself to his fate, and then he continued sampling the scars there. Though those first three scars had been the draw, and still were, it didn't escape Floyd's notice that there were more scars, all of them begging to be explored. Floyd continued with the three on Thomas' chest though.

Somehow the thought that there'd be plenty of time for the other scars later crossed Floyd's mind. Thomas was oddly quiet except for every once in a while, a small sound escaped. Thomas was understandably confused and also not willing to throw Floyd off of him. Confused and curious, two things his namesake was known for.

Thomas was stronger than Floyd, and the next time Floyd lifted his head to take a few ragged breaths, Thomas brought his hand up and caught Floyd's hair in his hand. His grip tightened as his fingers twisted some. Floyd wasn't sure what to think then, and there was silence for a few moments. The dark-haired sharpshooter realized, after a moment, that this wasn't steadying his breathing any. Floyd drew in another breath, this one shakier than the first. Thomas didn't let go.

"What are you doing?" Thomas asked. His voice was level enough, but Floyd could detect the tremor in it. It was a fair enough question, but he was sure that the answer was obvious. Floyd didn't respond, just flexed his fingers again so that his nails pushed deeper in to Thomas' skin. He watched as Thomas bit his lip a little and tried to steady his breathing.

"Lawton…" Thomas' voice was almost a growl, which only made Floyd want to stay there more. Floyd shifted again, pressing his body closer to Thomas'. It wasn't surprising, but maybe a bit strange, that Floyd realized how much enjoyment he was deriving from this. His arousal was heavy and probably just why he was acting so impulsively. Thomas' eyes went a bit wide, as the shift that Floyd had made was making Floyd's enjoyment of the situation obvious to Thomas too.

Thomas dropped his head back down and took a few calming breaths.

"I'm flattered, b—" Thomas started to speak, then was cut off when Floyd ducked his head down again, and ran his tongue over his nipple. Thomas tried to convince himself it was an accident… after all, his scars were very close to his pecs. But then Floyd's tongue slid over his nipple again, followed by his teeth, and Thomas was fairly certain that things had changed.

"Floyd…" When Thomas said his name this time, there was no mistaking the tone there. And it most certainly was not a "stop now" sort of tone. Thomas' hands were still in Floyd's hair, but they weren't tight anymore. Floyd bit down on Thomas' nipple again, gently, and Thomas had to fight back a groan. "Can't do this…" Thomas said, his voice sounding weak to his own ears.

Thomas pushed Floyd off him and hurried to his feet, scampering out of the locker room without so much as another word to Floyd. He left Floyd there feeling flabbergasted and unsatisfied… but no less wanting.