It's autumn in New York that brings the promise of new love. 
Autumn in NewYork is often mingled with pain.
Dreamers with empty hands may sigh for exotic lands;
It's autumn in New York;
It's good to live again.

~ Vernon Duke

Jensen can still taste the last remnants of the Reuben sandwich he'd had at the drugstore. Fifty cents for a glass of milk and a sandwich thick enough to make his jaw ache. Millie, behind the counter, looking at him through her thick horn-rimmed glasses whilst he eats, bobbed hair a faint mousy brown and dark beauty spot on her upper lip. She'd tried to catch his eye, and given him a slice of shoofly pie on the house.

He'd smiled at her faintly as he left, the cost of the pie awkward and heavy in his pocket, and hadn't answered when she'd asked if he'd be back tomorrow.

Across the street and he's in the park. The trees are growing skeletal, rotting leaves piling up at the edges of the path, and he watches skinny children launch themselves into the mounds with abandon. The wind is chill and bites into him but Ivan has lent him his long woolen scarf, knitted by a long dead aunt or grandmother, in recompense for kicking Jensen out of their rooms for the afternoon.

He's been in New York for three weeks and is on his fifth digs.

He'd stayed with a guy called Moe first, met him on the ferry, and followed him back to his one room above a butchers.

He'd slept in Moe's dirty sheets that smelt of offal and baby sick. Was happy to let Moe fuck him when he felt like it, sweaty yellow stained hands squeezing at his thighs and clamping down hard over his mouth, stringy little dick poking into him. But he had balked and left, gathering up his one spare set of clothes, when Moe ground little white tablets into baby-fine powder and spiked his drink with them to loosen him up.

Left the next day as soon as he could see straight.

He'd slept in alleys for a night or two – curling away from mangy dogs and cops walking the beat, then met Richard who had a sweet, vague smile and wore a homburg hat and offered him a space on his couch.

Hadn't asked for money.

Hadn't tried to touch him or stared at him as he stripped down to his undershirt and shorts at night.

Just wanted to help.

Jensen left as soon as he could, as soon as he'd gotten work cleaning shrimp at the docks and had five dollars in his pocket. Slick twist of knife down the center, and spearing out the length of vein, fingers damp and sticky, stench of seaweed and rotting fish.

Then there had been Iris, who was pretty with wide blue eyes and a laughing mouth and picked up men at a blind pig called The Hot Spot. She'd had a good heart, and got beaten by her pimp every second day and twice on Sundays. He'd stayed with her a week, curled together on the same bed, her small body tucked in under his chin and whimpering in her sleep.

She hadn't come home one night and he prays she's gone back to New Jersey and to her mother.

Michael was mean and vicious.

Five days and nights were five days and nights too long.

He still has the bruises, still limps, still jumps at loud noises.

Ivan was alright though. Too caught up in his own world of drink and drugs and sex to pay much mind to Jensen. Kicks Jensen out the rooms they share when he's got company over, for which Jensen is grateful. He's known too many folk that would have asked him to join in.

Would have made him join in.

He pauses at the edge of the park, still unused to the big city traffic. Automobiles race by. He wonders where they are all hurrying off to.

Wonders if they are escaping from something.

Or if it's something they are hurrying towards.

It's loud and it's smoky and it makes his heart beat that little bit quicker whenever the horns sound and street vendors yell loud over the sheer cacophony of it all.

He darts across the road, weaving in and out of the cars and holding his breath as drivers slow to berate him out of their windows.

He pulls his scarf in tighter and slips down an alleyway, feet tripping over rotting cabbage heads and discarded chicken bones. A stray dog barks at him, a thin high yelp, but when Jensen looks at it, it cowers away, tail down and between its legs.

He pulls himself up a rusted fire escape and through a warped and rotting door. Inside it's only slightly warmer, and he hurries through the corridor and down the stairs into the main room where the heating is on.

The club is owned and maintained by George Taylor, who has spent more of his adult life behind bars than not, but has only ever been pinched for the petty stuff. Stealing wallets, owning a gun without a license. None of the things Jensen knows he's capable of, guilty of.

Arson.

Robbery.

Murder.

Jensen darts into a small bathroom and washes his face quickly, scrubbing it dry on a towel that's mottled with faded bloodstains. Mr. Taylor is particular about cleanliness, gets disgruntled when people turn up to work at the club with smudges of dirt across their faces or their hair out of place.

Jensen does not want to make Mr. Taylor unhappy.

He smoothes down his hair, and steps calm and unhurried out into the main room. Mr. Taylor's right hand man is called Norman, but is generally known as Butch. A large man, with heavy muscles and a smile as sweet as a child's.

"Hi, Norman," Jensen greets, keeping his voice quiet and respectful. So far he's had no trouble with Norman, even seems to be liked by the man.

"Hi, Jenny!" Norman grins, teeth badly spaced, one front tooth plated in gold. "You’re here early."

"Nowhere else to be, thought it'd be good to get started early," he pauses. "Is that alright?"

"Sure. The boss likes hard workers. You ain't expecting more money though, are you, kid? Mr. Taylor won't be wanted to give you extra just cause you're here early."

"No, nothing like that, I promise. I'm happy with the wage Mr. Taylor gives me."

"That's okay then!" Norman cracks a strange high pitched laugh and gestures to the tables set in front of the bandstand still littered with glasses and peanut shells from the revelries of the night before. "Get at it then. Expecting a big night tonight, always get a crowd on a Saturday. Folk like to go to church the next day with a few sins on their minds." He laughs again, and Jensen starts to clear away the debris.

As he works Jensen hums to himself. It isn't hard work, cleaning up the mess then setting up the bar before the night's cliental show up for drink, jazz, and debauchery. And after, as long as he's done a good job, Mr. Taylor doesn't mind if he sticks around and listens to the house band play.

If he keeps working the two jobs, cleaning shrimp during the day in the week, and shifting for Mr. Taylor at night and the weekends it won't take more than another week or two before he can buy himself an used gramophone and a jazz record or two to listen to at home.

He sweeps some broken glass into a pan, small shards glinting under the house lights, some stained red with blood like rubies.

"Got some new fellas in the band tonight," Norman tells him as he gathers up the tablecloths for the Chinese laundry down the street. "Two new trumpets and a bull fiddle."

"Yeah?" Jensen doesn't pause in his work, shoving the linen into a sack.

"Yeah, Mr. Taylor had to get rid of the last lead trumpet."

Terry, Jensen's mind supplies. Not the greatest lead trumpet he'd heard but steady and reliable. Has a wife and three little ones. "Why'd he have to do that?"

Norman's mouth turns down in the corners. "Caught him skimming from the top. Had to go."

Jensen wonders if Norman had killed Terry or just shattered his kneecaps and bent his fingers into warped pretzels.

He takes a deep breath, his voice steady. "The new guys any good?" he asks.

"Seems so." Norman doesn't know anything about jazz. Anything about music. "Come highly recommended."

Jensen nods and goes back to his work.

Jensen's been around guns his whole life, knows the smell of gun oil, the feel of smooth metal under his hands. His daddy had kept two rifles and a pistol and taught him to shoot coyotes when he was ten, recoil bruising his shoulder deep swirling shares of purple. Still, the tommy guns in George Taylor's office make his fingers itch and his stomach tighten.

He stands on the edge of the rug, trying not to shift from foot to foot, face as schooled as he can get it.

"Ackles?"

"Yes, sir?" He's pleased his voice doesn't quaver.

"I've been glad of the hours you've put in here. You work hard, keep yourself smart and agreeable whilst doing so." Mr. Taylor is dapper and elegant, sharp black suit and hair neatly combed. In his early fifties by Jensen's reckoning, but looks younger. His voice is rich and full with a heavy British accent that Jensen hasn't worked out if it's genuine or not.

"Thank you, sir." The tightness in Jensen's chest easies a little, but he still feels twitchy standing here, wants to get away, wants to run.

"Where is it you work during the week, again, Ackles?"

"Over at McKay's, Sir. At the docks, cleaning shrimp."

"Right," Mr. Taylor's drawl tells Jensen how unimpressed he is with that and he feels his body tighten again. "I want you to pack that job in. You've shown yourself trustworthy and diligent," Mr. Taylor pauses, eyes searching Jensen's face. "I want you cleaning and tidying the club during the day, and tending bar in the evening. I'll match your last wages and add on five percent on top."

Jensen feels his breath catch a little.

"Well?"

"Thank you, Sir," he stammers, cheeks flushing a little. "You're very generous."

Mr. Taylor smiles finally. "Be loyal and we won't have any problems. Go see Norman to find out your new hours and duties and you can start tonight." He turns to his desk and the paperwork and ledgers spread out there. "You can go."

Jensen mutters his thanks again and beats a hasty retreat.

Soft and low. Hot and fast. Jensen finds his hips twisting and jiving to the music from behind the bar. He serves up dirty cocktails, and fills trays full of drinks for the band, tries not to get so caught up the music that he misses a customer waiting to be served.

The three new guys in the band have added something to the sound. The new lead trumpet wails and calls, spiraling high before blasting out whinnies with his mute. The second trumpet follows him at counter point, a little lower, a little softer, but echoing and adding to the tune.

The bull fiddle is –

Jensen can feel the low and deep rumble of it, the bass of it settling into his spine, turning it to jelly, making something sharp and painful twist in his gut. The player is tall and dark, and Jensen wishes desperately that his eyesight was better, that he could see clearly the guy's hands on the bow and plucking the strings. Wishes he could see the guy's dark eyes, could watch the quirks and ticks of his mouth.

He doesn't drink, doesn't dare let himself, as unsure of his own reactions as he is Mr. Taylor's temper, and at the end of the night he is weary on his feet and hard and wanting. As desperate for sleep as he is crazed for a touch and the heat of another body.

The band sit around laughing and joking after the customers have all gone home, and Jensen brings them over tall glasses of liquor, serving them fast and neat, trying not to let his eyes linger or fingers brush theirs as he passes out the drinks.

He gets a slap on the ass from the trombone player as thanks, and flushes as the man laughs filthily at his blush.

Norman smiles at him, "Did good tonight. Sit down," he nods to a spare seat, "Have a drink. The boss won't mind none now the crowd's gone home, Jenny."

He seats himself as the men laugh at him, he's opposite the bull fiddle player and he keeps his eyes on his hands as he snags a drink.

His face feels hot, but his eyes are drooping as he listens to the band dissect their set. They argue good naturedly about their playing, twisting each other's words, and declaring themselves virtuosos.

There's a hand on his knee, and he must have dozed off because the rest of the band has gone and it's just the bull fiddle player kneeling in front of him and smiling up at him.

"Come on, Kid, time to go home. You're all done in and some of us need our beauty sleep."

Jensen yawns. "Sorry," he mumbles. Close up he can see how dark his eyes really are, how strong his jaw-line, dark with beard, is.

"I'm Jeff."

He ducks his head, feeling dizzy as he stands. "Jensen."

"Good to meet you, kid. Now, tell me where I can drop you."

Jensen dreams that night, twisted away from where Ivan is sweating and muttering in his sleep. He dreams of large hands and a fast rhythm, of hot summer nights and even hotter mouths nipping and sucking across his skin that already feels burnt and electric.

He dreams of feeling raw and used, strung out and dazed. Hands that twist and turn him, manhandling into any position they like.

He dreams of wide smiles and eyes the color of mahogany and wicked laughs that raise the hair on the back of his neck.

He dreams of being pounded into with the exact same rhythm of Chimes Blues.

The band practice on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday afternoons. Jensen tries to keep to minimum the sweeping and cleaning he needs to do, listens in as they debate what order the songs should be played in and who gets what solo.

He tries to keep himself out the way, close enough that he can hear everything but mostly out of sight, mostly inconspicuous.

Sometimes he'll glance over from where he's wiping down the bar and he'll be certain Jeff is looking at him, even though he's too far away to see his eyes. He'll smile then, and feel his face heating, and stare down at the wood his cleaning more intently.

Sometimes Mr. Taylor sits in on these practices, back rigid, fedora in hand, and then Jensen tries extra hard not to be noticed, to be nothing but a ghost, working silent and careful.

In the evenings when the band plays and he's serving up drinks he finds himself ignoring the offers he gets. Men and women smile at him and it doesn't even occur to him what they want, what they are after, until he has served them their drinks, taken their money, and sent them on their way. He gets embarrassed sometimes afterwards, like he's been rude or discourteous to have refused them.

He begins to look forward to the end of the night, when he'll sit in a loose formed circle with the band, sitting close to Jeff, and listen to their banter and jokes. They speak about women and jazz, make bets and cash-in markers. Sometimes his eyes slip shut during this time and he learns to know the men by their laughs-

Maxim, who brays horse-like, and always twists the conversation back onto girls and the fresh, panting scent of them. Ernst, who snickers low beneath his breath, and sucks in air between his teeth before making a dirty comment about the curvy, fleshy weight of rounded hips or the sweet, pink ripeness of women. Felix, who rarely laughs and never at the filth the others spout, and always mentions his wife in the most respectful way, the loose curls of her hair, the pretty elegance of her hands.

Jeff, who has the most deep rumbling laugh Jensen has ever heard, and rarely mentions girls at all.

Jensen never speaks during this time, just sits quiet, scared of being sent away like a child if he speaks out of turn.

Sometimes, if he's lucky, and if it's been an exceptionally good set, and he's passed around enough rough but strong cocktails Jeff will unwind enough to put an arm around the back of his chair. He'll sit extra still then, torn between wanting to lean into that touch and fearful that if he does it will disappear.

One and a half months in and he hears the call of the siren over the music a half second before the yelling starts. He flies over the bar, dodging customers and Norman yelling about who tipped the fucking filth off, and darts up to the bandstand.

He's got Jeff's sleeve twisted in his grip before he's even thought about it, cotton twisted round and rough in the palm of his hand. "Come on," he tugs, as Jeff struggles to tuck the double bass into his body. "They mightn't be round the back yet."

He doesn't look back as the pulls Jeff up the stairs and down the corridor, putting his shoulder to the door that leads to the fire escape. It's awkward trying to get the double bass down the narrow iron ladders, and in the end he jumps down and gets Jeff to drop the thing down to him. He catches it with an 'oof', and then laughs, giddy with the adrenaline.

Jeff scrambles down next to him.

"Alright, Kid. Now what?"

Jensen laughs again and shakes his head. "Haven't got a clue, but it seemed better than being picked up in there."

Jeff nods, and they make their way along the alleyway away from the sirens, dodging between dumpsters and staying off the main streets until they are both out of breath and flushed with the exertion.

When they finally emerge onto the street, miles away from the club, Jensen glances around. It's late and it's dark but he's certain he doesn’t know where they are. He tries to read the shop fronts or spot any street signs but none of it means anything to him. He turns to Jeff, starting to feel chilled, his coat back at the club, and the first of the winter snow scattered across the sidewalk.

Jeff is smiling wide and happy.

"You know where we are," Jensen accuses.

"Yup. About half a block from my place. Come on, kid, before we freeze. I've got good liquor and a half dozen blankets waiting for us." Jeff grabs a hold of Jensen's hand, and it warm despite the chill in the air, and tugs him on.

Jeff's apartment is nice. Very nice. It has wide windows that overlook a wide tree lined street, and a large fireplace with grand leather wing backed chairs either side of it, and a drinks cabinet in the corner done up in honey and tan marquetry. Jensen scrubs his shoes on the mat and tries to keep from touching anything too expensive.

Jeff passes him a drink and it's honest to god scotch in a cut glass tumbler.

"Come on, get warmed up, kid." Jeff is kneeling before the fireplace, feeding it newspaper and trying to get it going.

"Thank you for this," Jensen gestures to the drink, "But I should really be moving on home."

Jeff looks at him over his shoulder. "Nah, you should be staying here with me, having a drink and getting warm. It's too cold for you to be walking home now."

"But, I..." Jensen starts.

"Nonsense," Jeff interrupts. "Whatever you are going to say is nonsense." The fire catches and he clambers to his feet. He walks swiftly over to Jensen, clutches his hand and leads him over to the fire. Plonking himself down in one of the wing back chairs he tugs Jensen down sharply on top of him. "This is exactly where you should be."

"I..."

"Don’t." Jeff presses a kiss to his jawline, and smoothes one hand up his inner thigh. "I want you here. You fascinate me. Where are you from? You're not a New York boy. Not from anywhere around here. Where do you come from, Jensen?"

Jensen shakes his head, gulping down his scotch like he's been dying of thirst. Jeff has large, strong hands, and his fingers are digging in deliciously into the muscle of his thigh. He arches into the touch, wanting it to move higher, to take him properly in hand, to cup him through the material of his pants and wring every last drop of dignity from him.

"Never seen a boy get so hard listening to music." It's a little too much close to the bone and he squirms, ducking his head and trying to twist further into the hard pressure of Jeff's grip. "I watch you and see you shifting and moving about behind the bar and think about how hard and wet you must be." The hand goes higher, suddenly skimming over the bulge in his pants, and he grinds down harder on Jeff's lap.

"You watch me?" he gasps out as the hand flexes tighter.

"You know I do. I watch you drinking in every note we play like it's nectar. Tell me, do you play anything, Jensen?"

"I can play the guitar some, and I..." his breath hitches and his hips buck as Jeff begins to undo the fastenings on his pants.

"And you what, sweetheart?"

"I sing sometimes," he murmurs and he twists around enough to hide his face in Jeff's neck.

Jeff smiles down at him. "I'd like to hear you."

The fire is banked low when Jensen wakes, deep red glow in the embers and the wood turned black and charred.

They are sprawled on the rug before the hearth, only semi clothed, pants open and pushed down to mid thigh, shirts unbuttoned at odd points, vests and jackets and ties entirely discarded.

Jensen yawns and stretches, cock rubbing along Jeff's hip, foot caressing up the inside of Jeff's calf. A clock on the other side of the room chimes out the early dawn and Jensen thinks about leaning over, sliding his face from the dark matted hair on Jeff's chest, down the hard muscled line of his belly until he could press his lips to the sleep flushed weight of Jeff's cock.

He thinks on tasting the saltiness of it, the bitterness, letting the taste sit on his tongue and coat his mouth.

Then he thinks of settling down, taking Jeff further into his mouth, taking all of him, swallowing down around him until he cannot breath. Having Jeff pressing into his throat, choking him until his vision dims, how hard he'd be if Jeff held him there, heavy hand cradling the back of his head, how much he'd ache, how hot his flesh would be if Jeff just kept him there.

Instead he twists away, easily evading Jeff's hands as they reach for him vaguely in his sleep, gathers his clothes and leaves

He gets Ivan to read the papers to him, unable to cope with the small print and long words. Follows the trial through them, hears about the character witnesses, and Mr. Taylor's poor aged mother speaking for his defense.

The trial lasts only three days and then the jury deliver the unanimous verdict of Guilty, and George Taylor is sent to Sing Sing for a minimum of twelve years.

Jensen tries to find out what happened to Norman, and the members of the band that didn't manage to get away, but they aren't news and the papers remain silent on their fate.

Jeff calls on him sometimes and he gets Ivan to say he's out, or left town, or joined the army, and watches from the window as Jeff walks away.