The Bikini

Lee was prepared to be bored.He had received the call from Charlie to
take her shopping just as he was heading out to jog in the park.If it was
anyone else had said that dreaded word, he would have said forget it.But
Charlie had always been close to his heart and when she called, he could
not refuse her.He just agreed, and then went back to his bedroom to
change again.

For Charlie, Charlotte Franklin on her driver's license, this was not
her normal shopping trip.She was planning a vacation and she needed the
clothes to go with the destination.Still single at 33, she was proud of
her 5'10" body.She kept herself in shape partly from her exercise plan,
but the majority was genetics.She wanted to be able to show off her best
assets while she was on vacation and the only thing that would do were new
clothes.

That was the reason she had called Lee.She wanted a male opinion.No,
not just any male's opinion, it had to be Lee's.He had been her friend,
her best male friend, since they had met in college.He knew her flaws and
would be honest if their appearance was kept to a minimum.If he thought
it looked good, she would be guaranteed the mens' attention.

The friends spent most of the morning with Charlie doing a commando
style assault on the mall while Lee performed packhorse duty.She had
looked through most of the shops, trying on various items of clothing.She
asked Lee for his opinion several times and he would tell her how good it
looked.

Lee took a second load of purchases to his blazer, and when he caught up
with her suggested finding some lunch.She agreed and they ordered from
one of the little stalls in the food court.Finding a small table in an
out of the way corner, they tackled their plates.

Lee could not keep his mind on his food.He had expected this to be a
miserable favor for his best friend.What he discovered was that he was
almost enjoying himself.He kept thinking of Charlie in all the different
outfits.He had known her for years and was secretly in love with her. 
Seeing her in the shorts and tops she had modeled, he once again thought
how beautiful and sexy she was.One particular dress had given him such a
hard on, he was glad that he was carrying all those bags.Just looking at
her even now was causing a definite stirring and bulge in his slacks.

She caught him looking at her.She cocked her head to the side as if
asking what was wrong."What?"

"Just thinking that I figured on being bored today.But it has been fun
to watch you kamikaze shop."

She tried to look indignant."I don't 'kamikaze shop'.I just have a
lot to get in order to be ready for my vacation."

"So are we done for the day?"

"Just one more shop.I don't have a swimsuit and the pools there are
wonderful."

Lee just sighed and put his hand out to help her up.The touch of her
warm hand always excited him.He lived for the days when she would touch
him is some way.His skin would vibrate with excitement when she would put
her hand on his arm.When she would hug him he would feel it for days
afterward, his memory recalling the light scent of her perfume, the
softness of her reddish brown curls, and the warmth that crawled through
him as she would press her body against him.Then all too quickly, the hug
would cease, leaving him with emptiness that nothing short of her presence
would fill.

Unknown to him was that Charlie had the same reaction to his touch.She
could feel his hardness whenever they would embrace.And lately, she would
use any excuse to get close to him.She loved the feel of his strong arms
as they enveloped her, creating a place of warmth and security.She always
felt safe and secure from the rest of the world when he held her.He was
always there for her.Lately though, she was finding herself more and more
turned on when they would touch.She could feel her pussy moisten just
being together, and when he touched her she would almost lose control.

She was sure to hold his hand as they strolled toward the last of the
shops.She intended to get a nice looking one-piece suit.She had just a
slight bulge in her tummy that she was conscious of and that would help
hide it.Perhaps something lower cut in front and back to show off her 38C
breasts and her lower back.

Lee was feeling more horny than usual around Charlie.In a fit of
madness, he spotted the sign announcing "International Swimwear" and guided
her into the shop.He knew her body was exciting fully clothed, but he was
hoping to see her in something less.

"Lee, I can't wear something like that!Those are for those anorexic
teens that don't have my build."

"Come on Charlie, I bet you would look great.You would put those
skinny little models to shame."

"You really think so?" When Lee nodded, she continued."Okay, I guess
it wouldn't hurt to try."

The girl behind the counter was on the phone and scarcely gave them a
glance.They looked through the racks until Charlie found a two-piece that
was fairly modest.She entered the dressing room and stripped down. 
Getting on the suit on and adjusted, she looked in the mirror.She was
surprised that she was pleased with the results.Her nipples were pushing
against the fabric, creating an outline that even to her was very sexy. 
The bottom covered her butt but did show off her long shapely legs as the
muscles of her thighs rippled under her soft skin.Worried about Lee's
reaction, she shyly stepped out of the dressing room.

She shouldn't have worried.Lee was speechless.He could not believe
it.He had always thought her sexy, but this was something else.He tried
to hide the erection that had grown immediately with her appearance, but it
was impossible.She turned to show off her tight buns, and then giggled at
his reaction.She headed back in and in a fit of naughtiness, looked over
her shoulder to Lee."Why don't you see if there is anything else that you
think might look good while I change."

After she disappeared behind the dressing room door, Lee finally
processed what she had just said.He grabbed a couple of the same size
that he had seen her take before.On the way to take them to her, he
spotted a sapphire blue thong style.On a whim, he grabbed one of them as
well.

She was shocked at the lack of material in these suits.The tops pushed
her round breasts together creating more cleavage than she had ever had. 
The bottoms ranged from high cut to her pelvic bones to so low cut that she
would have to trim her pubic hair even more than it already was.Sighing,
she tried them on anyway and stepped into the hallway to give Lee a quick
peek before giggling at his discomfort.Then she would disappear behind
the door to do it again.The last was the blue one.She was in the room
longer than before and Lee was getting worried that he had went too far
with that selection.

"Lee?" He heard from the last door."This one is too much for me to
come out in."

"Darn, I wanted to see that one." He joked to cover his disappointment.

"If you want to see, you will have to come here." He quickly looked to
see that the salesgirl was still deep in conversation on the phone, and he
moved to the door.He quietly slipped into the room.

What he saw took his breath away.Charlie was standing there smiling
shyly.The top barely covered her nipples, which were very hard.The
bottom was so low cut he could see the small patch of trimmed hair just
above her swollen lips.The material was thin enough that he could see the
outline of her labia as they struggled to slip past the seams.As she
turned, he gazed at the shapely globes of her ass, completely exposed. 
Nothing but a thin line of sapphire separating and framing the two soft
globes.

He leaned against the door whispering, "God Charlie.You are
unbelievable."

By now Charlie was so horny that she threw caution to the wind."You
really think I'm sexy in this?"

"Charlie, you are the sexiest, most beautiful creature I have ever
seen."

Then she gave him the opening he had desired for so long."Show me."

He could barely move, but somehow made the few steps to her.Taking her
face in his hands, he looked into her eyes.He could feel himself falling
into those depths.He leaned in slowly and gently placed his lips against
hers.Suddenly the barriers that had been between them for so long broke
down.She moaned into his mouth as she opened her lips to let his tongue
invade and tangle with hers.His hands moved to her back, circling around
to reach as much of her hot, bare flesh as he could.Her arms were still
around his neck when they broke that first kiss, clinging tight in an
effort to support herself

Still panting from the force of their kiss, Lee moved his lips to her
neck where he planted little nips and licks with kisses.She was lost for
a minute, entranced with the feelings that were coursing through her body.
When Lee whispered in her ear "You have no idea how long I have wanted
you", she actually had a small orgasm.Her pussy was pulsating, soaking
the thin material that covered it.

When Lee started to lick down her throat to the top of her breasts, she
reached over and unbuckled his belt, popping the button and lowering his
zipper.He gasped as the pressure was released from his erection.His 8
inches stood straight up, bobbing with the movements of his explorations.
Her hand wrapped around the shaft, feeling the heat coming from it.

Charlie was so into the feelings that Lee was causing and her
explorations of his cock that she did not notice her top had come untied
until she felt his tongue barely caressing her nipples.When he started
sucking, the sensation sent shocks to her already sensitive pussy.She was
so turned on that every touch of his fingers, every lick of his tongue was
causing shocks of pleasure to run throughout her body.

Still grasping his cock, she started moving her hand without even
realizing it.The milking motion she was doing was too much.Lee pulled
her against him, trapping her hand as he pumped his cock against her
stomach.His hand massaged the bare globes of her ass as he thrust against
her.The feel of his semen hitting her skin was like a liquid fire and she
moaned as her orgasm overtook her.Her legs finally collapsed and they
slid slowly down to kneel on the carpeted floor still holding each other.

Quietly, Charlie began to giggle.Her delicate features showed the
amusement of their situation.After a moment, Lee joined her.

"That was the most intense orgasm I have ever had in my life.And you
didn't even touch my pussy," she managed to get out.

"Yeah, it was for me too.I guess love makes it all that much more
intense."

Lee realized that he had actually confessed his love for her and now he
was terrified of her reaction.She looked at him for several seconds.Had
she heard him right?That he loved her?A small smile broke out on her
face, putting to rest his anxiety.

"I love you too, you know.I have for a long time."

Lee then reached out and moved a strand of hair from her face.His
fingers caressed her cheek with the whisper of things to come.Their eyes
locked for what seemed like hours, each reading the emotion of the other's
soul.Then their lips locked in a passionate kiss that had them both
reeling.

Charlie finally broke the kiss and trying to catch her breath, looked
around and realized where they still were.As Lee stood and adjusted his
clothing, Charlie pulled the bottom of the thong off.It was soaked from
the inside with her juices, while drops of his semen decorated the outside.

Lee took a look as she held it up and chuckled."I guess we will have
to buy that one now.Pick out another to go with it."

Dressed, Charlie stuck her head out of the door and not seeing anyone,
hurried out of the dressing room, Lee in tow.The salesgirl was still on
the phone when they took their purchases to the counter.She sat the phone
down long enough to ring them up.Her nose wrinkled as she held the thong
up.Giving them both a strange look, she dropped it in the bag like it was
burning her.Her other selections quickly followed and the girl told them
the total.Lee paid for this purchase and they got out of there as quick
as they could.

As soon as they got out of the shop they both started laughing."Did
you see her face?She must have known what we had been doing." Lee just
nodded and started laughing again.They moved off toward the entrance of
the mall.

When they finally reached his Blazer, Lee gave her another kiss before
he opened her door.He was still reliving the greatest moment in his life.
He couldn't believe how passionate and sexy his friend was.And she said
she loved him!Those words made it all more important.

Charlie was trying to figure out the events of today.She couldn't
believe that she had let herself go like that.And it wasn't just that she
was horny.It was because of Lee.She had finally let him know that she
loved him and he felt the same.That was what she really cared about.The
rest of it was just details.Coming out of the fog of images swirling in
her brain, she realized that Lee was waiting for her to answer a question
she never heard.

"I'm sorry Lee.What did you say?"

"I just asked if you regretted what happened" She looked over to see the
worry and even a little fear in his expression.

"God, no.I don't regret any of it.I am still in such a state of
bliss.I guess a bit of wonderment that you said you were in love with me.
It just made me feel so... I can't describe it"

"I kind of feel the same.I didn't want to lose your friendship by
admitting I was madly in love with you.Question is; where do we go to
from here?Do you want to go back to just friends or take this further?"

Charlie took his hand in hers."I want it to go further, I'm sure of
that.We could never go back to just friends, and I think we could make it
even better between us.Still, this is happening awfully fast.Lets just
take it easy and see what happens."

Lee understood her logic, but that didn't make it any easier.He gave
her a smile and agreed to let things happen.They rode the rest of the way
to her apartment in silence, each lost in their own thoughts.

Once there, Lee grabbed the bags while Charlie got the door open.They
set her purchases into the spare bedroom, and then went to have a beer. 
They talked about work and trivial things, carefully avoiding the subject
that was at the forefront of their thoughts.Charlie made a salad and
spaghetti and they had a pleasant meal, just like they always had.

Shortly after dinner Lee got ready to leave.At the door he gave her a
kiss, not passionate but just to let her know that he was willing to give
her the time she needed.Then he left, waving to her as she stood at the
foot of the stairs.

Once home, he found he couldn't just sit and relax.His thoughts of
Charlie kept running through his head.Finally giving up on the book he
was trying to read, he started cleaning the house.Things that he had put
off for weeks were getting done.When he finally put away the vacuum, the
place had not looked this good since he had first moved in.Exhausted, he
showered and crawled into bed.With visions of Charlie in the throes of
passion flooding his senses he stroked himself to a glorious orgasm, then
drifted off into a fitful sleep.

For Charlie, the evening did not pass much better.She tried to watch
TV but everything she saw reminded her of Lee.She picked up a book but
stared at the pages of words.Instead her mind was fighting with her
heart.

She had only 2 other serious relationships before now and they had both
ended badly.Was she ready to make a commitment to Lee?She couldn't live
without his friendship.He had helped her through all the ups and downs in
her life since college healing all her hurts and sharing the joys.They
were lovers now, but did she want more?More important, did he?

By the time Charlie had crawled into bed, she was no closer to resolving
the conflict between her head and her heart.Sliding naked between the
sheets, she was still thinking about what had happened.She shivered as
she remembered is lips on her breasts and his cum covering her belly.

Her thoughts then turned to what she wanted to happen.Her imagination
created pictures of Lee caressing and suckling her breasts, kissing his way
down her body, nuzzling her moist pussy.The most vivid was of Lee above
her, his eyes watching hers as he thrust into her, filling her up again and
again, just on the verge of his orgasm.She pictured the sweat on his
chest glistening on the muscles and matting down the hair.The look on his
face as he slowed, then thrust hard into her as his cock forced his seed
deep into her...

Charlie moaned aloud as she thought about Lee.Her hands were pushed
against her folds, fingers deep in her tunnel.Her thighs were coated with
her juices and the sheet showed a wet area below her butt.She got out of
bed and cleaned up, replacing the sheets.Then she crawled back in and
fell into an exhausted sleep.

The next morning Lee was still thinking about Charlie when her heard the
doorbell.Getting up from the counter where he was reading the paper, he
opened the door to see Charlie standing there.Her face and posture
suggested that she had not spent the night any better than he had.He led
her to the counter and set her down.He fixed her a cup of coffee and
waited in silence as she took the first sips.

Setting down the cup, she started speaking."I didn't sleep well last
night.I kept thinking I could have been cuddled up with you.Lee, I
don't know if we can make it or not, but I think we should try."

"I don't want to push, so I will leave it up to you.But if you don't
have anything planned, why don't we spend the day together and see how
things go?We have already spent time as friends, now let's spend it as
lovers."

They made breakfast together, sharing in the cooking, constantly
touching and pressing against one another.They fed each other pieces of
bacon.When syrup dripped down Charlie's chin, Lee leaned over and licked
it up, ending it with a kiss.She sat in his lap and dipped pieces of
fruit in honey and fed them to him.She would moan as he would take her
fingers one at a time into his mouth to lick them clean, swirling his
tongue around it like he had done to her nipples yesterday.

While she was doing the last of the dishes, Lee came up behind her and
hugged her, gently kissing the nape of her neck.She shivered as the lust
she was feeling started bubbling closer to the surface.

They watched an old movie with Charlie curled into his side, simply
enjoying the feel of his body as she pressed tighter into him.She leaned
her head on his shoulder, lightly nuzzling his neck.She had never felt so
secure and loved.

For his part, Lee was lightly caressing her arm and side, his fingertips
moving across the silky smoothness of her skin.Once in a while he would
reach up to touch her hair.When this happened she would smile in
contentment.

They decided to order Chinese rather than going out.Charlie decided
she wanted to get a quick shower before the food arrived, so she headed
into the bathroom while Lee turned the TV channel to a nature program on
the animals of the Amazon.The doorbell rang and Lee went to get the food.
He had just set it on the table when Charlie called out of the bathroom. 
She was wrapped in a towel and wanted something to wear.He found her an
oversized shirt and a pair of boxers.For the hundredth time that day, Lee
marveled at how beautiful she really was.

The tension thickened as they ate.The boxers were loose enough that he
could catch glimpses of her bare pussy as she moved around.The t-shirt
allowed her erect nipples to show through, causing the hard-on he had
suffered with all day to become even harder.

Charlie noticed the bulge.She also noticed the lust in his brown eyes
as he looked at her.Seeing that look was turning her on.The need in her
body was rising to a point that she couldn't ignore it.

Charlie put the leftovers into the fridge while Lee took his turn to
shower.Washing quickly, he avoided his erection for fear he would cum all
over the shower wall.Drying quickly, he wrapped the towel around his
waist.He opened the door to find Charlie waiting for him naked.She
pulled his towel from around his waist, leaving him bare as well.Rubbing
her hand down his chest, she whispered, "Take me to bed."

He scooped her up in his arms and carried her into the bedroom.He laid
her down on the edge of the bed with her legs over the side.Leaning over
to kiss her on the lips, he said, "There is something I have been dying to
do."

With that he started down the front of her body, kissing and licking
every inch of available skin.She gasped as he licked the underside of her
left breast.Her gasps became low moans as he worked his tongue in figure
eight patterns that stopped on her nipple.He sucked each one to hardness,
then lightly ran his teeth along their length.He abandoned her breasts,
working his way to her navel, leaving a trail of kisses that felt like fire
to her already overheated skin.

When he made it to her tummy he worked back and forth until he got to
just above her trimmed pubic hair.She groaned in frustration when he
abandoned where she wanted him the most and moved down to her legs.First
with his hands, then his mouth, he savored the sweetness of her thighs,
working slowly from one to the other in a pattern that was drawing closer
to her center.He savored the feel of her hot skin along his tongue.The
taste of her juices excited him as got closer to her center.

By the time he had touched her outer lips she was about crazy with
anticipation.He licked her outer lips, working along the edge of each
before dipping down into her entrance.Once there he curled his tongue and
licked the inside all the way around, taking as much of her nectar as he
could.He finally licked between the inner lips, from her hole up and
around her clit.The second he sucked her clit between his lips, she went
off like a rocket.Her backed arched to get more pressure as her muscles
rippled in her orgasm.She heard herself give a strangled moan that faded
out as her orgasm passed.As soon as she started back down to reality, she
realized that Lee was licking up her juices, bathing her distended lips
with his tongue.

She tried to pull him up on her, but she was so weak that her arm fell
to her side.Lee slid slowly up her body savoring the feel of her wetness
against his skin.She had tears in her eyes.She assured him that they
were from the intense pleasure he had just given her.He held her as she
recovered.

Charlie finally pushed Lee onto his back."My turn," was all she said
as she ran her fingertips through the hair on his chest.She followed the
same pattern on him.He never realized how sensitive his nipples were
until she latched on and sucked hard.Her fingers made trails down his
chest, then back up his sides until he was almost in agony.She finally
relented and moved lower with her hand and mouth.His stomach muscles
twitched as her lips moved back and forth.She scooped up the head of his
cock into her mouth, slowly raising her head until it was straight up in
the air.Then her mouth descended slowly down the length until the head
touched the back of her throat.She then moved back up so that just the
head was between her lips before starting back down.

She established a rhythm that suited her, designed to bring Lee to the
brink of his own orgasm.When she cupped his balls with her hand, the
warmth he felt sent him past the point of no return.

"Charlie, I'm gonna cum."

While she appreciated the warning, it only caused her to suck harder. 
He held back for as long as he could to prolong the pleasure, but it was
too much.His body was wracked by spasms as he shot into her mouth.He
could feel her swallowing, which served to extend the pulsations of his
cock.

It was his turn to be immobile from the sensations.Charlie moved to
his side and snuggled close."When you have rested, I am going to get you
hard again then I am going to fuck you.I am going to push that cock of
yours deep into my wet pussy and ride you for as long as I can.When I
can't move anymore, then you are going to fuck me until I pass out."

Hearing her talk like that was having an effect on Lee.His cock was
starting to lengthen again.When she started lovingly caressing him, her
soft touch helped him along.Charlie decided to speed him up a bit.She
ran her tongue along the length of his cock until she got to the head. 
Sucking him in just past the head, she swirled her tongue under the ridge
causing him to become fully erect.Admiring her handiwork, she looked up
at him and smiled.

She then crawled up his legs until she could straddle his cock.She
groaned as her moist lips parted and her clit rubbed lightly against the
hard underside of him.Spreading her juices along his length, she prepared
him to finally enter her.As the tip touched her entrance, she reversed
direction and started him into her.He labia wrapped around him as she
moved back.The sensation of him filling her caused shudders to pass
through her body.Even as wet as she was, she could feel the delicious
friction as she descended.She could feel her nipples tracing twin trails
over his skin as she moved.Only the pressing of her clit on his pubic
bone halted her progress.She had the whole 8" buried deep within her and
that thought brought about a small orgasm.She gasped when she rose up. 
The angle of his cock hit places she never knew she had.

She found out that this position had the added advantage of allowing Lee
access to her breasts.He took advantage, rubbing her globes and gently
pinching and pulling on her nipples.She started a rhythm that gave her
the most pleasure and Lee reacted by matching it.As she started climbing
toward her release, she started losing her rhythm.Lee brought his hands
down to her hips to help her along.Her moans got more intense as she
neared her climax.The feel of him filling her up was pushing it along. 
She reached between then and touched her clit and she was gone.Her rhythm
completely broke as she shuddered as the waves of pleasure raced through
her.Lee grabbed her waist to keep her from collapsing, gently lowering
her and stroking her back as she lay on him recovering.

"I have never cum so hard I've lost control like that," she whispered.
Lying on his chest basking in the afterglow of her orgasm, she could feel
the rapid beating of his heart.She shifted her weight a bit and the
movement caused her to feel that he was still hard.

"You didn't cum?"

"I was so into watching you, that I didn't feel the need.Besides after
you sucked me like you did, I could hold off."

She climbed off, groaning from the sudden emptiness that she felt as he
slid completely out.She moved until she was on her knees.Laying her
head on a pillow, she looked back at him.

"We have been making love for quite a while.Now I want you to fuck me.
Just slide into me as hard as you want.I need it hard and deep."

Lee crawled up behind her, stopping for a moment to engrave the sight
into his memory.The white globes of her ass were round and full, melding
gracefully into her thighs.They made a perfect frame for her womanhood
that was peeking between those thighs.Her swollen lips still showed the
wetness from their earlier coupling.He leaned in and ran his tongue
between them, tasting once again the nectar that he craved.Then he moved
in and slid his cock slowly into her until he felt his balls brush her
clit.

He started to move when she pushed back into him, pulling almost all the
way out then pushing back in with a force he had never intended to use with
her.He was going even deeper this way and the sensations were driving him
wild.He grabbed her hips as he put more force into his thrusting.Her
pushing back in response and her cries of pleasure assured him that this is
what she wanted.

Charlie could feel herself approaching orgasm once again.Wanting to
bring him off with her, she tightened her muscles.His moans told her that
it was working as he picked up the pace, moving almost in a blur.He
groaned her name as he stiffened and started shooting deep into her.She
reached back, and with just a few strokes of her clit, she followed.

Her body could not take any more and she slid down onto the bed.He
followed, his cock sliding out until just the head was still lodged in her.
He caught himself on his elbows so he wouldn't crush her.They were both
unable to move from the intense pleasure they had brought each other.Lee
kissed the back of her neck before he pulled completely out and moved to
her side.

She looked at him with a sated smile."Mmmmm.I think I am about
fucked out.I don't care if I have to sleep in the wet spot; I'm too
exhausted to move." He pulled her to him, reached for the comforter and
kissed her cheek goodnight.

Charlie woke the next morning, enjoying the feeling of arms wrapped
around her and a hand on her boob.She could also feel an erect cock
snuggled between the cheeks of her butt.As she drifted out of the depths
of sleep, she smiled at the memories of the night before.Not being used
to this much activity; she felt her stomach muscles complain as she
stirred. Lee felt her move and woke up with her.

"You are beautiful when you wake up," he whispered to her.

"Yeah right.My hair is a mess, my makeup is gone, and my thighs are
sticky."

"That is called the "I just got my bell rung" look and it suits you"

She threw a pillow over his head and got up to go to the bathroom.She
had just adjusted the water temperature to what she preferred when Lee
walked in.

"Want some company?"

"Sure, you can wash my back."

"I'll wash more than that!" he mock growled.He relieved the pressure
in his bladder, and then stepped into the shower behind her.They were
both a little sore, so the groping was at a minimum.Rather, there were
loving caresses as they slowly soaped and rinsed each other.Charlie was
surprised, then very pleased when Lee turned her around and started to wash
her hair.His strong fingers felt so good massaging her scalp that she
lost herself in the sensations.The drop in the water's temperature
brought them both back to reality.They quickly finished and then dried
each other.Not even bothering with clothes, they walked downstairs hand
in hand.

Breakfast consisted of waffles, juice, and coffee.Neither had the
energy to want to fix a big meal.It was enough just to be together. 
Toward afternoon, they were once again on the couch.Charlie was perched
on Lee's lap, her arm behind his neck.He had his arms wrapped around her
torso cuddling her to him.

"Lee, could you get some time off and come with me on vacation?"

"I suppose I could, if you're sure you want me to."

"I am very sure."

"Then I will get the time off, but no more shopping trips.My clothes
are fine and I don't think the dressing rooms could stand another assault
from us."

Charlie laughed as she gave him a big hug.This would be a vacation to
remember, now that she had someone to make memories with.

"One thing sweetie," Lee said grinning at Charlie's questioning look. 
"You have to be sure and take THAT bikini along"

Charlie's laughter joined Lee's as she smacked him with a pillow.

~~~FIN~~~
