The emperor's court was situated at Kyoto whilst the empress resided in Edo. It was an arrangement that suited them both perfectly. Each had a palace and all the accoutrements of power and met occasionally to discuss the running of the empire. The Empress had done her duty and provided him with two sons who were happily being raised far from both of them.

Aya-no-bara pressed his face to the mat before his emperor and could not bear to look at him. He was sat upon a great throne from which scented steam emerged and silk blankets were wrapped around him. His nose was pink and he snuffled often for one of the maidens beside him to wipe at his nose. There was a thick woolen blanket wrapped around his head. "Onmyoji Crawford, it is good to see you returned to me." He said through a headfull of cold.

"Heika," Crawford said, bowing his head. It was customary in the presence of the Emperor to kneel with one's forehead pressed to the floor between one's palms, but Crawford knelt comfortably. "I am honoured by your request to see me." He made no mention of the obviously terrible cold that the emperor was suffering with.

"It has been several months since you went to negotiate for me between the Takatori and the Taira, perhaps you have news for me."

"I do, Heika," Crawford said smugly. "This is the boy Fujimiya you asked me to take into my custody, and it was done so legally by the largesse of the Elder Takatori son. As you can see he is well." The emperor nodded his blonde head, "and it has been arranged that he have supper with the Qin ambassador this evening, in fact, preparations for this are being made as we speak."

"And the point of this?"

Crawford's smile was cruel, "Takatori Masafumi is an acquaintance of the ambassador but owes him a large sum of money, in the nature of five kikou," this was enough to feed five people for one year comfortably, "the ambassador realises that there is little chance he can ask for the money back without risking an international incident he has no interest in pursuing, he cannot act against Takatori without it being seen as an act of Qin agression, which is what Takatori relied upon when he borrowed the money. I am led to believe by my sources that that money was used in the usurpation of the Fujimiya lands which are wealthy with wood for furniture and very fine sake."

The emperor nodded.

"So the Qin ambassador approached the Imperial negotiaters that he might gain recompense for his lost income, without insulting yourself or losing honour." Crawford's tone was even.

"The Dragon is not a man that i would easily cross." The emperor admitted, "he has a streak of cruelty that one could drive an ox cart through."

"I visited the ambassador last night as soon as I arrived from the country in secret, using information gained by your majesties inestimable network of spies that he wished to act against Takatori, as I am under your instruction." The emperor nodded. "Takatori Masafumi is a self proclaimed connoisseur of female beauty, this is how he and the ambassador became acquainted." The emperor nodded again. "The ambassador is currently being visited by a prospective bride whose beauty is said to be without compare. With some preparation Aya-no-bara will take her place at the dinner."

"Raise your head, boy," the emperor said and Aya did, looking at him. The emperor nodded. "And I suppose he will be poisoned?"

"If he is poisoned, heika, then suspicion might fall upon the ambassador which will negatively affect that trade so hard won with Qin, even if the ambassador acts in honour. Therefore it will be on his way home that he will be waylaid by a servant loyal to the Fujimiya who is acting on honour for his lost master, a Ronin, who can be seen as having no links to either the ambassador or myself."

"I suppose the boy is pretty enough, are you sure Takatori will not recognise him."

"When my twins are done with him," Crawford grinned, "his mother will not recognise him."

"and you, Aya-no-bara," The emperor used the full title that Rukia had given him. "How do you feel about this despite that your retainer might be executed for such action."

"There is no greater honour for a samurai than to die in service of his master," Aya said dutifully without a single quaver in his voice, as if he was coached - he had not been. "My only regret regarding this plan is simply that I will not be the one to meet him in that alley. My sword hungers for his blood, and I shall have to make do with it on a sword swung in my name."

"Blood thirsty, aren't you?" the emperor smiled, "cold too, I can see why Crawford likes you. He can be a little cold himself, but what I've found through long experience is that still waters run very deep indeed." His smile slid into a smirk, strange on his innocent face. The emperor did not look like his reputation suggested, the complete opposite in fact. He should have been a brute of a man wearing the blood of his enemies, instead he had a soft angel face and blonde curls, and was currently wrapped up to sweat out a cold.

He turned back to his negotiator. "And how does the Qin ambassador feel about the lost revenue?"

"I have spoken to those servants who manage my estates and for a small fee he is more than willing to let us enact our plan, you know the Dragon, he does nothing for nothing, even those things that might benefit him." The emperor nodded. "Five kikou will not negatively affect my standing." Crawford said. "It is a small price for what we will achieve."

"Five yen might arrange an accident in the street." The emperor countered.

"But it will not barter good will with the Dragon." Crawford answered, "which is in turn worth more than the money ever will, the Dragon knows this and it means that instead of being equal with him, in the act of negotiating his debt, he owes us a favour, which again makes it a small price to pay."

The emperor laughed. "That's why I like negotiators," he said, "you know what's important in life."

---

The Qin ambassador was a tall man with floor length ink black hair who wore an indigo kimono with a sort of loucheness that suggested that he was in fact a dragon, wearing human skin that he might slither from at any moment. He had eyes like stones.

Aya's head felt extraordinarily heavy from the elaborate wig and pins, which had chains of silk flowers that fell about his face. His skin, already pale, had been whitened with nightingale dust and his lids painted a soft pink, a red line upon his mouth. He wore an elaborate dress more suited to the Qin court than Kyoto.

To each side of him sat a Qin child, one boy, one girl, with heads appropriately bowed and dressed in miniature versions of what he and the dragon wore. They had been introduced as Moon and Star and would be permanent members of his retinue. They were related, cousins Aya gathered from their chatter, but were the same age. He also suspected that despite Crawford giving them Nihon names, Moon for the boy and Star for the girl, that they had their own names in Qin.

So Aya smiled politely and lowered his head in proper deference whilst Masafumi Takatori, sharp faced, ate facing him with a look of smug superiority, convinced that this evening was going to go entirely his way. He was sprawled out across his cushion whilst a paid whore poured him sake. She was not one of the lights of Gion, who usually attended him on his way, just some girl, and Aya couldn't bring himself to care that she would probably be cut down that night as well.

"So, Dragon," Masafumi started addressing the ambassador, "how much for a night with your beautiful lady?"

The Dragon blinked in shock and then smiled, "My Lady's will is her own, but I imagine her father would set a very high price for such a liaison for my lady has only reached menarche and such makes her very valuable despite her beauty. So without her father here to set such a price, even though Chia Chi," that was the name Aya was using for the ruse, "is my kinswoman, I must decline your offer."

"What about the little one?" Masafumi leered at Star.

Aya spoke up, his voice a breathy whisper just in case, "it is the ruling of my house that none shall be sent to the mat of another without their will, if my maid servant wills it she will be given leave to please you. So, my Star, will you lie with Takatori-sama."

"My lady needs my help with her bed," Star answered in a soft piping voice. "Therefore I must decline, and I am sure there are many ladies of Kyoto who would be honoured by your attention."

Aya couldn't really help the small smile those words caused. "And my Lord Dragon has requested me," Moon blurted out, "and I have accepted so it would be remiss of me to accept another offer."

"Madam, you allow your servants to talk in such a frank manner?"

Aya's expression turned steely although he maintained a sweet smile, the one Hikarin had so patiently taught him, and sure Masafumi would recognise it. "Actually, Takatori-sama, I encourage such willful behaviour in them. I find a servant who is outspoken and coddled to be more loyal than those paid with heavy coin."

Masafum's narrow eyes tightened. "And you, Dragon, will you allow your kinswoman to insult me like this?"

The Dragon blinked long and slow, "I heard no insult," he drawled, exhaling a long plume of smoke from his mouth, sucked down from his pipe, "you asked her a question and she answered, she offered no falsehood or insult. If you choose to take it as such then that is your prerogative, more sake?"

Masafumi got to his feet, "I don't have to stay here to listen to this," he stuttered, angry.

"No," the Dragon said calmly, "you don't, but of course, Mie," he addressed the young courtesan, "you are more than welcome to stay."

"My lord ambasador," the girl nodded, "I would like that, I am honoured that you think of me." She moved to show him more of her nape, that dancing white vee at the back of her kimono.

Masafumi kicked the futon as he left, and Aya realised he really didn't care that he was on his way to his death, it was just one less Takatori to get rid of, and Crawford would like the dress, and the bed would be warmer now with two more servants to sleep among. Until Takatori Reiji was dead he might as well appreciate the little things.