The Fall of Stephanie Dolores Stein - NYSC 2022
by Humilatron 

Note: Any resemblance of names is purely coincidence… well… sort of… they’re intentional but more so just for fun 😏

St Trinity’s was a school for troubled girls. Girls of all ages would attend and be disciplined, and it didn’t matter how old they were, they were all treated the same.

Stephanie Dolores Stein was a strict teacher, but she was also young. The students would call her Frankenstein whenever she wasn’t around because she was a petite little woman who had the bite of a viper. No one wanted to be spanked by her, and no one wanted to mess with her.

One thing people didn’t know though was that Stephanie was a lot… smaller than she let on. Her already petite size had left her to padding her bras and her underwear to give off a curvier look. Unfortunately, one day as Steph was traveling to work, there was a horrible downpour. As she raced inside, she was drenched with water. She had no choice but to duck into the staff bathroom as she stripped her clothes off, trying to dry her clothes off. She undid her bra and stood naked in the bathroom.

As she desperately tried to dry her clothes, she caught a glance in the mirror. She stopped in her tracks as she took in how she looked. She had long brown hair which was now frazzled from the rain.

She stood at almost a 4’8”, but not quite. She had stubby short legs and a flattened AAA chest, her tiny pink nipples sticking out at least a centimeter. Her crotch was bare and bald. No stubble, no hairs, nothing. It even looked tight as she was still very much a virgin, never daring to go too far in her relationships.

She looked no older than 9 despite being nearly 30 years old. She even turned around and gazed at her round butt that had no curve at all.

“I look ridiculous,” she muttered.

She gathered her clothes which were still damp and was about to try and put them back on, but just as she was going to, the door suddenly slammed open. “What are you doing?”

Steph froze in shock as she turned towards the door, dropping the clothes on the floor to see Amelia Trinity, the headmistress standing there, the only woman Steph feared more than anything. “I… I was…”

Amelia’s eyes darted to the wet clothes, the damp pants on the top of the pile. “I see what’s going on,” Amelia said. “Thought you could hide your little accident, did you?”

“W-what? No!” Steph said, looking down and back up. “I… it’s…”

What could she say? She couldn’t just say that she… the naked little girl… was THE Stephanie Stein. She would never regain her reputation. She stopped as Amelia stepped forward.

“You know the rules, young lady. When you have an accident, you need to report to a professor immediately. No exceptions,” Amelia said, taking the clothes from her. “And you know what happens when you try to hide your accidents.”

Steph watched as Amelia took her clothes from her. “P-please, I’m sorry,” Stephanie said.

“What’s your name?” Amelia asked.

“M-my name…” Stephanie said, trying to think of what to say. “My name is Lucy… Lucy Lane.”

“Ah, you must be a newly enrolled student,” Amelia said. “Still, you know the rules. So for today, you’ll be attending class naked. And the disciplinary rules WILL be enforced. And of course, since you seem to need them, you’ll wear the standard pull ups. If you can keep them dry the whole 12 hours, you will be allowed to remove your pull ups, but you will still attend school naked.”

Stephanie’s eyes widened. Any student who attended class naked was to be spanked by their professor in front of the whole class and given a timeout. There were no exceptions. Not even for the older students. “B-but… yes, ma’am.”

“I’ll hold onto these,” Amelia said. “Now go to the nurse’s office and get a pull up.”

Stephanie couldn’t believe it as she reluctantly left the bathroom trying not to be seen by anyone as she made her way to the nurse’s office. If anyone figured out who she really was… she shuddered to think what would happen. She gently knocked on the nurse’s office. “Come in,” Nurse Anzuela said.

Stephanie reluctantly opened the door. “I…I’m here f-for a… p-pull up,” she said.

“Come here,” Nurse Anzuela said sternly.

Stephanie gulped as she stepped forward, scared that Anzuela might recognize her. “Madam Trinity sent me,” Stephanie said. “T-to get a pull up.”

Anzuela gazed at Stephanie intently. “What’s your name?”

“Lucy,” Stephanie said.

“I don’t remember a Lucy being enrolled here,” Anzuela said. “Are you sure, that’s your name?”

Stephanie nodded. “Y-yes,” she said.

Anzuela thought for a moment. “What’s your last name?”

“Lucy Lane,” Stephanie said.

Anzuela typed onto her computer. A smile formed on her face as she gazed at Lucy’s file. “Ah, yes… Lucy…” Anzuela said. “Now I remember. I can give you a pull up, but I’m afraid that I only have the ones intended for… younger students.”

Anzuela turned and opened a big drawer and pulled out a package that made Stephanie go white. “W-wait,” she said. “N-not those…”

Stephanie stared at the baby pull ups decorated with ABC blocks and rattles. Her jaw dropped. “Are you arguing with me, young lady?” Anzuela asked.

“B-but…” Stephanie said. “They’re… they’re for… t-toddlers!”

“Well no,” Anzuela said. “Our youngest students are at least 5, definitely not toddlers. Although these are the ones we use for punishment. Still, they’re all the same, besides, you know the rules, don’t you?”

Anzuela grinned as she watched Stephanie squirm, unsure of what she could do.

Stephanie was so concerned about playing her part she didn’t even question the look on Anzuela’s face. Stephanie frowned but reluctantly nodded. “O-okay. I’ll wear them.”

Anzuela opened the package and pulled the childish pull ups out letting it crinkle as she unfolded them and held them out. “Remember these have to stay dry for 12 hours,” Anzuela said. “And you must ask your professors to use the bathroom. You’re not allowed to go alone.”

Stephanie nodded as she stepped into the pull ups. She blushed as they were lifted to her waist as Anzuela patted her bottom. “T-thank you for the diaper- I mean,” Stephanie squeaked.

“No no,” Anzuela said. “You’re right. It is a diaper. No need to beat around the bush, Lucy. So just keep it dry if you want it removed.”

Anzuela winked as Stephanie turned to leave. She smirked as she sat back down at her desk, gazing at Lucy’s file.

Name: Stephanie Dolores Stein
Age: 28 (attending as 9)
Nickname: Lucy Lane
Punishment: Level 10
Reason for attending: Insufferable, many complaints from staff and students, needs to be taught a lesson, taken down a notch or two

Note from Trinity:
She is to be treated like any other student
She is to get the max punishment
She is not to know that we know who she is
All punishments must be recorded
She must be naked or in a pull up at all times