The Day That Changes Emma's Life
by HappyComet

Chapter 5

Sunday morning, I woke up and it felt weird to me being naked in my bed. I thought I had a really weird dream until I slide my hand down to my pussy and felt that is was indeed ... hairless. The smell of breakfast was filling my room, and I was hungry. I remembered the “rules” and knew I had to remain naked. I went to the bathroom and closed the door. Every morning I used the toilet and brushed my teeth and brushed my hair.
When I was using the toilet the door opened, and my mom said “Remember dear, you must keep the doors open at all times” turned and walked away.
I finished in the bathroom and made my way to the kitchen, my parents were in there drinking coffee and eating breakfast. My dad looked up at me and gave me a big smile and said good morning.
My mom said “ Good morning sweet girl, your plate is on the counter.”
I walked in and I knew I better give them both a hug and a kiss and say good morning. So I walked over to my dad, his eyes were on me and looking me up and down. I leaned over and gave him a hug his arm went around my waist and he pulled me unto his lap. Yes, he was nude, I was sitting on his dick. He held me there for a few seconds and gave me a little kiss and told me to enjoy the breakfast and to hurry for we had plans today. As I got up he smacked my sore ass and I made my way over to my mom. As I approached she said “ Let me take a look at you, turn around slowly. Your sunburn looks better this morning. Come closer.”
As I did her hand went right for my bald pussy and she felt it for a few seconds. And continued “ Still very smooth, and a little red. Turn around let me see your ass. Oh, that is still very red.”
With that she reached out and rubbed her hand across my ass and asked “ Is that still sore?”
I answered “ Yes, a little.”
I turned around and gave her a hug and a quick peck on the cheek, and sat down to eat.
I asked “What are we doing today?”
My dad spoke up and said that we were going shopping. Your mom and I think it is time for you to start wearing some different clothing. So we are going to go to the mall and other stores today to get you a new wardrobe. Then we are going to a birthday party.
I did not want to start the day off with a spanking so I just said, Oh that sounds like fun, but what I was saying in my head was, I like my clothes just the way they are. There is no telling what type of clothes my parents were thinking I should be wearing now...
We finished breakfast I did the dishes. Then asked my mom what I should wear once we left the house.
My mom answered “ I already laid your outfit out on your bed. You can only wear what is laying there, nothing else, understood?”
I nodded my head and said yes. And my mom added “ You can go up there now and get dressed. We are planning on leaving soon.”
I was looking forward to wearing something, since I had been naked for almost 24 hours. As I got to my room and looked at my bed I saw a cute summer dress and a pair of sandals and that was it ... No panties or bra. True, it was not like I have big breast but at least I had been wearing a 32a bra, but now my parents want me to wear only a summer dress to go shopping. I guess I should be happy that I had shoes to wear. I put on the dress, and it was fairly short mid thigh. As I bent over to put on my sandals, I felt a cool breeze on my ass and realized that if some one was behind me they could see my ass. I fixed my hair and headed to the living room.
My parents were dressed and ready to go, my mom had on a matching summer dress. She told me to fix my hair in a double pony tail. Which I am sure my face said what I was thinking but I just turned and walked to the bathroom, and fixed it as she wanted. As I looked at myself in the mirror, I looked younger by a couple years. UGH!
My dad called out and said to hurry up. I spoke up and said “Be right there” and made my way to them.
My mom looked at me and said “ There that is much better” held her finger out making the come here gesture. Once I was standing next to her she grabbed the bottom of the dress and pulled it up, almost pulling it all the way off. I just stood there.
Then I heard my dad say “Yes that will do nicely.” What I heard next made my heart stop. “Deb, make sure you grab the camera.” And he opened the front door. Then my mom let go of my dress, and grabbed her camera.
As we drove, my dad asked me what I thought of all the changes. I told him that it was all very new to me and that I was not really comfortable with it all that has happened. Then I asked them about the Mathews.
My dad said that Wil and he work together and have been friends for many years. This all started because of a bet. One day at work Wil wanted to bet on the game. I was 98% sure that the Green Bay Packers were going to beat the Chicago Bears. Wil was sure that The Bears were due and would bet something very valuable. I offered up $100 as a bet. He did not want $$$ but something personal and priceless. At first I did not get what he was saying, until he broke it down. He said if the Bears win then he wanted at least a dozen pictures of your mom, nude and if I won then he would give me a dozen pictures of his wife. His wife, as you know is very pretty, and I just knew that I was going to win ... Well, I lost and now had to talk your mom into allowing me to take some nude photos of her and part of the deal was your mom had to know that Wil was going to be looking at them.
So that night I talked to your mom and told her that I lost a bet and she was the prize. I was very surprised when your mom agreed pretty quickly. She told me that she did not marry a man that did not pay his debts. She also added that if my husband thought it was a good idea to make this bet, along with the payment, then she would stand by her man. That night was a lot of fun. Your mom got out her camera and we took a lot of pictures over the next hour. Then we loaded them on the computer and selected the best 12 to give to Wil. Then we had some amazing sex.
My mom and dad were giggling at this point but I was still in shock over what I was hearing. My dad continued his story. The following week Wil wanted to make another bet on his favorite team, the Bears. This time I won the bet and was given over a dozen photos of his wife Stacy. I was told that I should share them with your mom. That night I did. We looked over the photos. The first one was just her sitting on the bed, nude, giving a cute smile. Then next one was of her on her back with her leg spread showing her bald pussy and asshole. Each one got more and more revealing and she exposed herself in each pose. The last two show her sucking Wil’s dick. We were both pretty turned on at this point and had another great night.
It was the following week the same bet was placed. The payment however was a little different. The loser had to take photos of their wife having sex. Those Damn Bears were doing pretty good at the start of the season and had won another game. Your mom was a little unsure but within a few minutes the camera was in action and so were we. We took many photos of us having sex in many different positions. Wil really liked the ones of us doing it doggy style.
Things went back in forth for a few weeks. We had progressed to public nudity, to public sex, to this weeks current bet. We were to go to a club and I was to take pictures of your mom dancing with another man. She was to were a sexy dress no panties or bra and while on the dance floor, your mom had to expose her pussy and ass for the camera. This was the first week that your mom had removed the hair from her pussy using the laser tool. That night was an epic night of sex and we did not even do it at home.
There was more laughing and my mom spoke up and said it was a great night. My dad then asked “So Em, do you have any questions so far?”
I just looked at him and them my mom and said “ I ... don’t know ... It is just a lot to take in. We are a pretty normal family and the things you are talking about are not normal. The things that have happen to me yesterday are not normal. I ... just don’t know...”
My dad took a moment then said “ Well, Em that may be true, but in the past few months your mom and have never been happier. We feel alive and it is fun to try new things. Though some of the things that we have tried might have seemed strange or even a little scary, but once we got over our fear, most of the things we really enjoy now.”
My mom added “ Em, this is a big change and true we did this change over many months and for you it has been a day. Please trust us and know that we will make sure you never get injured, maybe a little pain, but even that I have learned to like.”
As those words reached my brain, it sent a chill through my body. And I was screaming in my head “My mom likes a little pain! Who is this woman?!?”
My dad continued his story. “Wil invited us over to a party at their house. It had been about 6 weeks since the last bet. This week Wil and I made a new bet. It was on a Basketball game that I knew little about. I figured that up to this time even if I lost I was winning. I don’t even remember the teams I bet on. I just knew that I had lost. I payment was your mom and I had to go to a party at Wil and Stacy’s house, and I had to follow Wil’s led at the party.”
I remember the Friday night because my parents never left me alone, and made sure that I spent the night at my friend Tammy’s house. My dad continued his story saying “That night your mom and Stacy hit it off and became friends. Once everyone left the party, Wil and Stacy shared their desires for them to join them the next day, to visit the same beach we went to yesterday. After a short talk with each other, we agreed. We proceeded to head out back by there pool, and both Wil and Stacy stripped right there in front of us. We were a little shocked, but after a few minutes we too were nude, and swimming around. Wil started talking to me about how I was feeling, I admitting to him that it was really cool and that I was turned on. Wil laughed and said he was as well and that he thought your mom was very sexy. Wil then asked me if we ever shared ... I was not quite sure I knew what he was asking. He then made it very simple, he asked if we even swapped partners. I said no, but the idea was pretty hot, and even more so since Stacy was very good looking, and I kept trying to get a good look at her body. The music was playing and we ending up in the shallow end and started dancing. A couple songs went by when Wil cut in and we switched, he did not ask but was not demanding. So here I was dancing with a naked lady that I had only meet a couple times over the years. I watched your mom and Wil dance and Stacy got very close. So close that she had to feel my rock hard dick. After the song we got out of the pool and I thought that we were done dancing. Until Wil grabbed your mom and continued dancing, he did not try to hide his very erect penis. Stacy and I watched them for a few minutes, your mom looked at me a few times to make sure that I was ok with what was happening, I was. Stacy then grabbed me and we started to dance, Stacy then kissed me, and grabbed my cock and began to stroke me. I was so turned on that I was about to explode.
My mom spoke up, right in the middle of my dad’s story and said “ Jack!? Are you sure you want to share this story with Em?
My dad responded “Yes, I believe that she should know, I do not want to keep anything from her. This is part of our new lifestyle. We will share everything and have no secrets,”
My mom responded with “Ok I will follow your lead” My dad laugh and said as you have since that night.
My dad then continued his story. “As Stacy was stroking my very hard cock. I looked over and saw that Wil had his hands all over your mom. One on her breast and the other was sliding over her pussy. Needless to say that that night we experienced our first swapping, and it has not been our last.”
I was getting turned on listening to the story and it was a little weird hearing what my parents have been doing. But it make sense why they were so comfortable with the Mathews last night. My dad said he would finish the story later. As he pulled into a parking spot at the mall.
We all went into a few stores, looked around. I found a few things that I liked but not my parents. We went into the corner shop that did not look very big, my dad spoke with the store clerk and then we were escorted into the back of the shop. The back of the shop was triple the size of the front. And the clothes in there were very sexy and revealing. My mom and dad started picking things out that I would never wear. Miniskirts, and halter tops and short dresses, shirts that looked more like shredded cloth than shirts. They even grabbed a pair of pants that at first I was all for, until I seen them up close, holes all over the place, even one in front very close to where my pussy might be visible, and one that most definitely showed my ass crack. They had about 20 pieces and we went to the fitting room. The fitting rooms did not have doors!?! I was told to try on each piece and to step out a model each of them. I was to walk down the row about 15 feet then turn around and come back. I was not happy with this at all, since there was a few couples in the and a few men. I was then told to strip, and was given the first piece once I was naked. It was a mini skirt that barely covered my ass. I thought I would be given a shirt ... I was wrong. I was told to model it. The crowd grow quickly and then as I turned to walk back my heart stopped ... My mom was taking pictures. I was even given the shirt. Which I modeled. Then I was given the pair of pants, So I removed the skirt and carefully put on the pants, not so easy since there were so many holes. I was right, about my pussy being almost visible, I am sure if I was sitting down, and spread just a little it would be. It was like my mom was reading my mind. Because I was made to sit down and try on a pair of shoes. It was bad enough to have my ass crack exposed. Now here I was clothed but exposed. This went on for almost an hour. During that time I got many comments. Most were rude and embarrassing. But I was happy that no one was touching me, and only looking, although embarrassing, it did not cause me any pain, or pleasure. I was allowed to put on the dress I left the house with.
We got some food at the food court, and was told to sit with my leg parted. Anyone looking would have seen that I was not wearing panties pretty easily. It was about one o’clock when we were finished eating. We walked around the mall for about 30 minutes when my dad said we needed to leave that we had some place to be. We left the mall and thought or rather hoped we were heading home but if I had learned anything the past day ... If I wanted it, it probably would not happen.


Chapter 6

After about 20 minutes we pulled into the driveway of a very nice house. We all got out and knocked on the door and Stacy answered the door wearing a very skimpy bikini. She greeted each of us with a kiss and a hug. When she kissed me her tongue played with mine for a few seconds and her hands went to my ass and pulled my dress up. The door was still open and now anyone passing would have seen my naked ass. She proceeded to grope my ass, then with a smack she allowed me inside. And told me to go out back and enjoy the birthday party.
In the back yard were about 30 people, ranging from just kids to people who could have been my grandparents. There was music and a BBQ even a bounce house for the kids. What I was not expecting was they were all nude! Wil walked up to me and gave me a hug and a kiss, just a peck but his hands went right to my dress and pulled it off in one smooth motion. Here I was once again naked, and in front of more people I did not know. He told me to enjoy the party and go make friends. With a smack on my ass he walked away. I decided to walk around a bit looking for a place to hide. Kids were in the pool playing Marco Polo. Adults were lounging around the pool. I got many looks and comments of hello. Most were very nice to me. I did see a few eject penises. Most of the people were in good shape and very good looking. I found an empty lounge chair and took a seat. It was right in the sun, and after only a few minutes my skin seemed to be on fire from my sunburn. So I got up and started to move the chair into the shade. An older man, who looked to be in his 50’s walked over and offered to help. I thanked him and he made small talk for a couple minutes all the while his eyes were checking me out. He said his name was Robert. And asked if I liked the party. He left after a hand shake. And I sat back down. The shade felt good and must have dosed off for a few minutes.
The next thing I remember was someone pulling my hand, it was one of the kids asking me to come and play with him. Saying they needed another person to make the teams fair. I tried to refuse, but my dad was watching, and motioned for me to join. I dare not refuse, for I did not want a spanking here in front all these people.
They were playing a pool volleyball in the shallow end. As I walked over there my dad’s story came to mind, this must have been where ... I was snapped out of my thought when the other kids started arguing over which team I would be on. I was not the oldest kid. He looked to be about 15. and spoke up saying that I had to be on the other team to make it fair. I was very weird seeing other kids naked, up till now I had only seen adults naked up close. Sure they were a few at the beach but not close. The kids here did not seem like it effected them. As I was getting in the pool and got up close to the boy on the other team I screamed in my head “OMG that is Kenny from the beach!” I was a little stunned.
He spoke up saying “ Hi Em it is good to see you again.”
I ask Kenny where his cousin Rebecca was, he answered “ Oh she working right now she should be her later.”
My heart skipped a few beats and tried to focus on playing. We played the first game, it was pretty fun but my mom called me over. I ran over to where she and my dad were sitting. They were sitting next to a couple that I had not meet before. This couple was much younger than my parent. They looked to be in there 20s and she was very pretty, and he was very good looking as well, I could not help but look at his penis. It was bigger than my dad’s and it was erect. I could see the veins popping out on the sides. My mom got my attention. I blushed for I knew I had been caught looking. She spoke up and said “Em, I would like you to meet Jonny and Linda. I have known them about 6 months and has become very close. Jonny works at the same place as your dad. And they like making bets as well” The way she said it lead me to believe that they were very close and I could image that they bet the same things. I stepped up and shook Linda’s hand and said hello. Linda made a comment about how pretty I was and how she really like my pretty hairless little pussy. I blushed some more. Because now once more my pussy was the center of attention. Jonny agreed as I shook his hand. His eyes were looking right at my pussy. Then asked if I could turn around. I did, and he reached out and grabbed my ass. And said it looked very red and was very hot. My dad spoke up with out missing a beat and said “ Here Jonny, have some lotion. Make sure you get it everywhere. We don’t want her getting more sunburned. So once again I was being touched by a man I did not know. His slippery fingers were now on my body, first he started on my shoulders and went all the way down my leg. When he got to my feet he grabbed my calf and told me to put it up on the chair. I place my foot on the chair and was now giving him a great look at my backside. He told me to bend over and place my hand on the chair. This opened my ass checks and in this new position he was able to slide he fingers down my ass crack with ease.
My dad spoke up and said “Em, make it easier for Jonny, and spread your cheeks.”
I did as I was told, those spankings are no joke. As I gave Jonny a better view and access, he wasted no time and applied more lotion to my already slippery ass crack. I closed my eyes and just held that pose, while Jonny felt my body. There was nothing off limits, his fingers slide through my pussy lips and over my butthole. He worked the lotion into my skin and made his way down my legs. Then back up taking a few moment to play with my hairless and very exposed pussy. Making his way back to my shoulders he slapped my ass and told me to lay down on the lounge chair. As I did I looked around and saw that I had a audience. Many of the people at the party were watching. I spotted Kenny and he had a camera. He gave me a big smile, my attention was brought back by Jonny when he told Linda to join him. He told her to start at my left foot and work her way up and he would work on my right side starting from the top. Linda took little time to get next to me. Shae grabbed my leg and pulled it away. Spreading my legs wide enough so that everyone watching could get a good look. ( I knew that Kenny was getting more photos of my very exposed and now hairless pussy.) They were both working slowly and got to my midsection about the same time. Soon I had 4 hands on my bare pussy. It felt at one point both Linda and Jonny had a finger each inside of my pussy. Which was now on fire, I was so turned on. Not that I wanted to be but it was feeling really good. Then one of them started massaging my clit and the other I believe it was Jonny, put his thumb of the same hand that was inside my pussy, into my ass. It felt bigger then the fingers I had in there yesterday. I was so ready to have an orgasm, I fought it for as long as I could. But the stimulation was too much. Right there with all those people watching I came very hard and to my complete embarrassment I heard people clapping and whistling.
Linda leaned in and whispered to me “That was so fucking hot! Thank you for allowing us this privilege.”
I was stunned and all I could say “Thank you”
My mom spoke up “Well, I do believe that she has been properly covered. Em, you can go play some more. Make sure you get something to eat and drink before you do.”
I gave my mom a smile, and said ok. Then went over to the table were all the food and drinks were. I ate and then went back to playing volley ball.
As the sun was going down we were all told that the birthday “boy” wanted to cut the cake. So we all gathered around Wil “the birthday boy” and sang happy birthday. He made a wish and blew out the candles. After we all ate some cake and ice cream, it was time for his birthday spanking. That was kind of fun to watch as the men took ahold of Wil and held him down, then all the ladies took turns giving him spankings. When they got to 45 they called me over and told me to give the last 3, I refused at first, until me dad looked at me, with “that look”. I step forward and saw his very red ass, and his hairless balls were dangling between his legs. I thought about hitting him as hard as I could, but then knew if I did I would get a spanking myself. So I just gave him 3 little smacks and then they all cheered.
The music started back up and everyone started to dance. I was headed for the lounge chair when I was grabbed and spun around. It was my dad, He gave me a big smile and said “Em, I am very proud of you. You have been acting very good all day. I know this is all new to you but I am sure you will enjoy this new lifestyle as much as your mom and I do.”
Then he spun me around as we did a few dance move, and as the song ended he dipped me pretty far down. The next song was a slow dance and he pulled me in very close to him. I could feel the heat of his skin on mine. My little breast were rubbing on the top of his belly. It was making my nipples get hard. I also could feel his semi erect penis rubbing on my belly. His hands were now on my ass, as we moved back and forth. His fingers were sliding through my ass crack. He then lifted my chin up and as he looked me in the eye. He kissed me and it was a little peck it was a full on make out kiss. He was now sporting a fully eject penis and he hand were a little aggressive. He even reached around a took my little breast and was squeezing it. Then he focused on my now eject nipple.
The song came to an end and a man that helped me earlier with the chair stepped up and asked “Can I have this dance?” My dad looked at me and smiled, then passed me to this guy.
Here I was naked, dancing with Robert I believe his name was. He was being very gentle. His hands were gliding over my backside and then grabbed my ass a few times but it was pretty soft and it sent chills through my body. I knew my pussy was starting to lube up pretty good. I was thinking that I needed to stop this and soon but knew I could not. Robert gave me one last squeeze and a little peck on my check and said “Thank you Em, that was a very nice dance. I hope we can do that again later.” I smiled and gave a nod.
I thought here my chance to get off this dance floor but that thought was cut short. Kenny stepped up and started to dance with me. The song started and it was a one of those hip hop song that talked about stripping. Soon Kenny had me dancing, well it was more like grinding. He was behind me and held my hips as he gyrated his hips, forcing his very eject dick into the crack of my ass. He held me tight, and controlled my movements pretty well. At one point he spun me around, and dipped a little bit so now his cock was rubbing against my hairless pussy. He even grabbed one leg and pulled it up and held it against his hip. This caused his dick to now be rubbing along my very wet pussy lips. One hand was on my ass pulling me to him, the other on my leg keeping it on his hip. He soon was going to his own beat. I was not sure what he was doing. Then all of a sudden he tensed up and squeezed me very hard and I felt my pussy get even wetter as he jerked in front of me. He released my leg and ass and had an embarrassed look on his face. Without saying a word he just turned and walked away. I stood there for a moment trying to figure out what just happened. I felt stuff running down my leg and as I looked at it I released what just happened. I made my way quickly to the bathroom to clean up.
Surely the rules do not apply here in this house, do they? I started to close the door when my mom blocked it and stepped inside the bathroom with me.
“Em, the rules apply here as well, that is the second time I have told you about this. Doors must stay open.” My mom said
“Sorry mom. I am a little grossed out right now and not thinking clearly. Did you see what happened? That Kenny kid just came on me out on the dance floor!” I said.
“I know I saw it, so did many others. You guys were really getting down out there.” My mom giggled. “Here let me help get you cleaned up. Sit on the counter and spread your legs.”
I did as I was told. My mom got a towel and got it wet and started to clean the sperm off my legs. She worked her way up to my pussy and took her time cleaning that whole area.
“Oh my! It looks like a little may have gotten inside your pussy! My mom said. Then proceeded to use her fingers to feel the liquid that was around and inside my pussy.
Then I about had another heart attack when she put her finger into her mouth and said. “Oh good, that is not Kenny’s sperm.”
She return to my very exposed pussy and was searching for more of the liquid around and in my pussy. Then she held her finger up to my mouth. I opened my mouth and she put her finger inside and told me to taste it. I did, it tasted like me, it tasted good.
“See it told you. Not Kenny’s sperm. Just your own pussy juice. He must have gotten you pretty hot out there on the dance floor.” My mom smiled as she said it.
“Mom I have been aroused often today, not that I want to be, but when people start to touch me it starts that fire inside of me. Dad started it out of the dance floor. Then Robert made me fell really good. You are right about Kenny getting me very turned on. The way his dick was sliding over my ass crack and then my pussy lips was almost too much.” I said with a deep breath. “Let’s not forget what Johnny and Linda did to me earlier.”
My mom smiled and said it was very hot for her to watch her little girl growing up and that she was glad that I was enjoying this new lifestyle.
I did not answer, we finished cleaning up and rejoined the party.
It was getting late and many people were saying goodbye. That left the 3 couples, Kenny and myself. We all were talking and enjoying some really good tasting fruity drink. Every time my glass was almost empty it was filled back up. After the second glass I was feeling pretty good, I started to sway to the music. I found out that Kenny was the grandson of Wil and Stacy and that Jonny also worked with Wil and my dad. Kenny’s parents were on vacation and would be back next week.
My dad asked Kenny “How did you liked dancing with Emma?”
Kenny responded quickly “I thought it was amazing! and would like to do it again.”
Everyone was laughing then my dad spoke up “Well, Kenny you should be able to dance with Emma often, as we will be spending a lot of time together over the summer once school gets out.”
That sent a chill through my body. I was hoping that we would be leaving soon, but I should have known that if I wanted it, it was probably not going to happen.
“Honey, would you care to share your birthday wish with us all.” Stacy said as she looked right into my eyes. I knew my night was not over...


Chapter 7

Here we are at Wil’s birthday party. I have been naked for most of the past 36 hours. Been made to expose my naked body while at a nude beach, my own home, the mall, and here at this party. I have been spanked while being naked in front people I hardly knew. I have had my picture taken by some kids at school and my mom, in many different very revealing poses. I have had fingers inside my now hairless pussy and ass for the first time in my life. I even had an orgasm at the hands of a couple I just met, while others watched it happen. All this with my parents full consent and encouragement. This has been a weekend that I would have never thought possible on this past Friday night. I now have a feeling in the pit of my stomach, that this night is not over for me...
Wil smiled as said “Well, I did make a wish.” Then he turned and looked at me. So did everyone else. Once again I was the center of attention.
My dad then said “So Wil, What is it that you wished for?”
“I wished that I could spank Emma and then I wanted to taste some of her virgin pussy juice.” Wil said boldly and without any hesitation.
“Well, Wil today is your birthday, and if that is your wish I am sure that Emma would love to help make your wish come true.” My mom said as she gave me a look that I knew meant that I better...
I was feeling pretty good from whatever we were drinking. My body was already tingling all over about him wanting to taste my pussy juice. My brain was screaming “NO!” because of the spankings. I knew I really did not have a choice in the matter.
So I Stepped towards Wil and said “ Where would you like me Wil.” The words came out of my mouth but I was sure that I did not say them.
Wil pointed to a coffee table that was now on the dance floor and said “Emma I would like you to go there and get on top of that table, get on your hands and knees. I want your ass sticking up and your head touching the table. I also want your legs spread apart. Please go now and assume that position’”
I just walked and did what I was told. Then everyone just stared at me for about a minute. Then they all walked over and started to circle me. Pretty soon everyone was taking turns touching me. I had hands everywhere on my body. Just sliding around feeling every part of me. They stopped when Wil spoke up. “Emma are you ready?”
I shook my head and said. “ Yes. With a shaky voice.
Wil got behind me and wasted no time. His first strike was not very hard but it was enough to bring tears to my eyes. Then then said “Ok everyone, you each get 2 swats.”
For the next couple minutes I was spanked by each of the 7 people there. When they were done I was told to lay on my back and put my feet on each side of the table and touch the ground. As soon as I was in that position I felt something warm and wet sliding from my knee towards my exposed and somewhat aroused pussy. I looked up to see that it was Wil making his way up my leg. When his tongue made contact with my smooth pussy all the air I had in my lungs escaped instantly and I tensed up as if someone had just shocked me. What followed was something I would not have expected. I was in pure ecstasy. The feeling from his tongue was magical. It was very hard to stay still and my breathing was getting very ragged. The next thing that I felt was someone was now twisting my nipple. Within a few seconds another set of fingers were playing with my other breast and nipple. As I was on the verge of have my second orgasm of the day. Everyone stopped.
“Stacy, would you like to taste this vey delicious virgin pussy.” Wil said.
“You know that I would!” Stacy moaned.
What threw me for yet another head spinning moment. Stacy crawled over my body starting at my head. She had her head at my very wet pussy. I could feel her body all around mine. I opened my eyes only to be greeted with Stacy’s very wet and hairless pussy only inches from my face. I was getting a very close up look at this older woman’s pussy. Then I felt her tongue working on my pussy. Within a few seconds I felt a finger sliding into my pussy with ease. I was so wet that it slide in without any effort.
Once again, I was nearing the point of no return. I was going to cum but my mind went blank, when I felt Stacy’s pussy start to rub on my nose. Stacy was moving her pussy on my face. She paused a moment from the assault on me and said “Emma, return the favor and eat my pussy as I am doing to you.”
She did not smell bad, and her juices were all over my face. My mind was still in a fog but I did as I was told. My tongue slipped out of my mouth and was quickly right inside of a very wet and surprisingly not bad tasting pussy.
I began to cum and I felt myself clamp down on the finger that was inside of me. My body tensed up even more than it did earlier that day. I moaned but it was not heard for Stacy’s was firmly on my mouth. I was having a hard time breathing and began to try to escape but all that did was make Stacy push down harder. I began to relax and for a couple minutes I just really focused what was going on. Stacy began to speed up and gyrate her hips. My tongue was getting tired and then it happened. Stacy came and filled my mouth with so much pussy juice I thought that she might have peed on me. The taste was stronger than before and I did my best to not die from not breathing. I was so relieved when Stacy removed herself from my face and I could breathe.
I was not really thinking of the finger inside of me until Wil spoke up and said “Ok Em, time to repay the favor.” I was not sure what to do until Wil Spoke up “ Em I want you on your hands a knees again.”
I did as I was told and got into position. I took that time to look around and was my mom taking pictures. My dad was rock hard and was stroking his cock. Kenny was there talking to Rebecca. ( “OMG Rebecca is here now!” I said to myself) Yes I was the center of attention once again.
Wil got right in front of me and put his very hard cock right to my lips. I thought to myself there is no way he wants to put that in my mouth. I was wrong once again.
“Em open your mouth and let in me. Be careful not to have your teeth touch my dick. Move your tongue around and then suck on it a bit.” Wil said as my mouth opened and he slide in.
I knew I was being watched and having photos taken of me performing oral sex for the first time. I had no idea what to do, so I just did as he had said. Wil was getting into it and started speeding up his in and out motion. Then I felt hands on my ass. They were kind of rough and wasted no time in finding my wet hairless pussy. It felt as if they had a couple fingers inside of me. That lasted a few minutes and then stopped. Wil was getting more aggressive with his thrust into my mouth and then he tensed up and my mouth was being filled with his sperm. I did not know what to do. I just knew I needed air. I started to back away and Wil grabbed my hair and said that I needed to swallow as much as I could. I did as I was told and kept his dick inside my mouth and stayed there until he finished emptying himself into me. I thought I was done for the night. I mean what more could they do to me?
Well as I started to back away from Wil I was meet with someone behind me. I looked back and saw my dad. He reached out and grabbed my hips and pulled me towards him. He told me to keep moving to the edge of the table. My feet were now hanging off the table and my dad move right behind me. He began sliding his dick up and down from the top of my ass crack all the way to my clit. I heard the clicking of the cameras. My mom and Kenny were both busy taking photos. My dad only did the sliding thing for about a minute. Then he shifted a little and then I felt it. His cock was right at the entrance of my pussy. I was very turned on but I did not want to have sex and I really did not want my first to be my dad. If I have learned anything this weekend, it was what I want matters very little. Then I felt it, a push, the pressure, then the giving way as my dad busted my cherry and slide his dick into me. He did not stop until he could go no more. He paused a few seconds allowing my mom to get a close up of her husband’s dick inside her daughter’s no longer virgin pussy. Then he slide almost all the way out and paused again. More photos were taken and then he slide all way back in. I am sure pictures were still being taken but my dad did not stop. He moved slow and steading. Just sliding almost all the way out, then all the way back in. He spoke for the first time since this started “Deb, your daughter feel fantastic! I don’t think that I will last much longer.”
Then he speed up and starting pushing a lot harder. When he changed his tactics it sent a wave through my body and he starting hitting a spot inside of me that was awaken for the first time and it felt amazing! My dad was going faster and faster and pushing harder and then all of a sudden he lounged forward and went deeper than I would have ever thought was possible and that is when I lost it. I came once more and this time I was being fucked! After what seemed like several minutes I opened my eyes to see the people clapping and yelling. I was embarrassed once again. Here I was once again naked in front of a lot of people, only this time I had my dad’s dick inside of me.
My mom stepped over and told my dad that she needed to help me get cleaned up. He agreed and then slide out of me slowly. As soon as he was out. I felt a lot more wetness coming out of me. My mom helped me up and we went into the bathroom.


Chapter 8

My alarm went off Monday morning and I woke up in my bed Naked. I had to go to school today so I slowly made my way out of bed and made my way to the bathroom. My head was still foggy and I was trying to remember when and how I got home last night. As I walked into the bathroom I went to close the door, but it was gone! They took the door off! Ugh! I sat down on the toilet a began to pee, as on cue my nude dad was there in the doorway watching my pee.
“Good Morning Em, How did you sleep?” my dad asked.
I just looked up at him and thought to myself for a second, Really how am I doing? This weekend has been hell! I have been made to be naked, forced to allow strangers to touch my body, been spanked more times than I have my whole life, while being naked and people watching. Hundreds of photos of my naked body in different very revealing posing have been taking. I have had fingers inside my now bald pussy. I gave my first blowjob to a guy that I only met the day before and to top it all off ... My dad took my virginity while at a party with people taking photos and watching the whole thing ... How am I doing?!?!?!?
“I am doing good dad, Thanks for asking” I said, instead what I had just thought.
“Em, I know this weekend has been a lot for you. I just want you to know that I am proud of you and that I love you.” He said as he watched me grab some tissue and wipe my very sore pussy.
He saw the discomfort on my face and ask me to follow him. He lead me to his bed where my mom was still lying in bed. He told me to lay on my back so they could take a look and make sure everything was ok. My mom moved around and patted a place on the bed and I crawled over the bed and then laid down. My dad took each of my feet and spread them as far as he could go. My mom then started to feel around my pussy and asshole.
“Em, does thing hurt?” She asked in a concerning mom voice.
“Yes mom, it is very sore, I have had more fingers, tongues and even a dick inside of me for the first time ever over this weekend. And have been spanked very hard as well. So yes it is all very sore.” I said without trying to sound mean.
Then my dad slide his lubed finger all the way inside of my hairless pussy and then asked. “Em, how does this feel?”
“That too is very sore. Please take it out.” I responded
He did not, what he did do was start to saw it in and out of me, then my mom made her way down to watch. Which she did for a minute, then to my surprise she ran her tongue along my very sore pussy.
“Don’t worry honey I will kiss it and make it feel better.: my mom said between her licks.
It did start to feel a little better, then my dad, who was very erect, Presented me with his dick. I open my mouth to take him inside.
“Wil got to see how well you can give head, now it is my turn” my dad said as he slipped his dick into his daughter’s mouth. While I was trying to concentrate on sucking his dick my mom made it difficult because she was doing a very good job of eating my forever hairless pussy. After a few minutes of this my dad had us all switch to a different position. He wanted mom on her back and me on my hands and knees with my pussy right over her face. And her pussy was now right in front of my face. My mom wasted no time and started probing my pussy and even my ass. And then dad said, “OK Em, return the favor and suck on your mom’s pussy.”
I did not want to do this but I knew I had no choice. After a minute my dad got between my spread legs and starting rubbing his dick up and down my slit. As he worked the head of his dick into my pussy my mom kept her assault on my clit. Within a minute he had his entire dick inside of his daughter once again. This time though his wife was participating ... I about jump off the bed when I felt my mom slide a finger into my asshole. This way too much and I came right there! My pussy was spasming around my dad’s penis. Which started a chain reaction. My dad began to unload his sperm into the very back of my pussy. Then my mom came and I tasted her juices as they flowed out of her. As soon as we all calmed down and my dad slowly slide out of me ... my mom attacked my pussy and started to clean out the sperm, she would suck on her husband’s dick for a minute then go back to her daughter’s freshly fuck smooth pussy...
After a few minute my mom was done cleaning us both up. I was told to take a shower and get ready for school ... As I got slide off the bed and headed toward the bedroom door.
My dad said “Em, you have a great body and your tight little pussy feels amazing, I am looking forward to enjoying you often, and watching others enjoy you as well.” Did he just say that other people were going to fuck me?!?! and he was going to watch?!?!
I did not answer him, just looked at him gave a smile and headed for the shower. As I got into the shower and started cleaning my body I started thinking of all the things that had happen to me over this weekend. While I was thinking about all the new things that I was made to do my body responded and my nipples got hard and my pussy began to tingle. I yelled at myself NO! this is not ok ... I did not want any of those things. I thought about last night and how there were people watching my dad fuck me for the first time and how there were pictures being taken of the whole thing. I remembered my mom helping clean me up afterwards. Then I remembered something else, it was a little foggy I think I had too much to drink of that birthday punch. I kind of remember that Kenny came into the bathroom with me and my mom. I told then that I was tired and I think they both carried me into a room so I could sleep. I had flashes of Kenny touching my past out body. Another flash and he was between my spread legs and licking my pussy. The next thing that came to mind was Kenny on top of me, kissing me, and I felt his dick sliding up and down my slit. The next flash I remembered was him cleaning my body. DID Kenny fuck me too last night?!?! OMG I can’t believe my parents would let that happen!!!
I tried to forgot the images that flashed into my mind and got out of the shower and dried off and went to my room. I heard my mom and dad having sex in their room next door. My mom was loud and saying things I never heard her say before ... I looked on my bed and saw clothes that were laid out, it was one of the outfits that they had picked out at the mall. It was a short skirt and a very tight fitting top. I was happy to see that there was a pair of panties there ... Even if they were a G-String ( that I have never worn before this weekend) and the part covering my front was not covering much at all...
I got dressed, and I felt very uncomfortable with how I looked. I mean I was not a slut, and yet that is what I looked like. I did my hair into a single ponytail like my mom had told me to do and then heading to say good bye to my parents.
I stood at their doorway and said. “ Ok mom and dad I am off to school. I hope you guys have a great day.”
I turned to walk away but my dad “ Oh Em, come in here and let us look at you.”
I did as I was told, my dad let out a wolf whistle and my mom said “WOW Emma, you look very sexy, turn around please, oh very nice! Now spread your legs a little and behind over and touch the ground. OH WOW! Emma that G-String looks great on your perfect little ass.”
I stood up and said thank you and asked if I could go. My dad said “ Sure kid have a good day at school, come give me a kiss first.”
With that I went over to my parents where my dad was still inside my mom. I crawled on the bed and got next to my dad and gave him a kiss. He return my kiss with a hungry kiss. His tongue wiggled into mine and as he kissed me my mom started to feel my ass. She slide her finger under the very thin fabric running down my ass crack and slide her finger right over my butthole and kept going all the way through my pussy and rubbed my clit for a few seconds. My dad started to fuck my mom again ... His hips were moving pretty fast now and within a minute he unloaded his seed into his wife. He stopped kissing me and my mom stopped working her fingers on me. She then gave me a quick kiss and told me to behave myself at school. I crawled off the bed but not before my dad had somehow was able to smack my ass. I said goodbye. And heading for school.



