Author: Casay
Title: A Tale of Two Friends
Part: Chapter 4
Summary: Kate and Jake go to school, become guitar heroes, and have fullon (in?) sex
Keywords: mf, cons, rom

Author's note: Just got Guitar Hero III, and I'm already working my way through Medium. Too bad all the female characters look freaking stupid. =/

Frustratingly, Kate woke up alone. It seemed this was becoming a ritual; at this rate, she'd never wake up with her love.

She clambered out of bed, pulled on a t-shirt, and padded downstairs into the kitchen.

"Good morning, sleepy," said Jake from the table. He had made himself toast and an omelette. "Do you want me to make you some egg?"

"Nah," she said, "don't go to the trouble." She pulled a box of fruit loops from the cupboard. "Cold cereal over eggs any day."

Jake put down his fork, finished chewing, and said, "By the way, I'll be skipping afternoon classes, there's something I need to do. If anyone asks, I went home sick, ok?"

"All right." Kate was puzzled. "What are you doing?"

"You'll see when you get home." Jake smiled at her. "You remember which bus to take to get here?"

"Yeah. But what are you doing?" she insisted.

"I'm just buying something for this afternoon." Jake waved his hand, as if the gesture explained everything. "And you need to eat, we'll miss the bus to school."


Jake and Kate ate lunch on the roof, again. Kate pestered Jake about what he was going to do, but he avoided the issue, redirecting the conversation towards things such as ninjas, Indiana Jones, and the taste of her pussy.

Eventually the bell rang for class; Jake kissed a rather frustrated Kate, and took off. She followed, grumbling about ninjas. She sat through her afternoon classes, not really paying attention, trying to figure out what Jake was doing.

Meanwhile, Jake was at Metrotown, walking past stores in the huge shopping mall. Eventually, he came to the store he was looking for. He went in.

He came out. He had a long, thin box in a large bag. He headed to the doors out of the mall and into the bus loop; the bus passed his house started from here.

Hopping on his bus, he went home, and set his purchase up in the living room. He grabbed the phone from the end table by the couch, and dialed a number.

"Yes, hello," he said to the phone, "I'd like to place an order."

"Yes, I have an existing account." He spoke his father's name, and his home address.

"Yes."

"Product numbers 0223, 0072, 1640, 0375, 1974, and 0839."

"No, thank you."

"Well... Why not?"

"Yes," he laughed, "sure. Why not?"

"Yeah, she is."

"Cash, as always. When can you deliver?"

"Damn. I'll be out of town that day. My son can get it, he's always home."

"Of course."

"You, too. Bye." He ended the call, and put the phone back on the table.

Just then, Jake heard the door open. He made sure everything was set up properly, turned on, and ready to go. Then he ran to greet Kate.

"Ok, Jake, what did you do?" demanded Kate. "I've been trying to figure it out all afternoon, what'd you do?"

Jake grabbed a guitar from out of view and held it out to her. "Fancy being a hero?"


Half an hour later, the two were standing in front of the TV, playing Co-Op Career in Guitar Hero. They each had small, wireless guitars, and were plunking along to Barracuda on Easy. Jake growled as she missed a series of notes.

"Come on," he muttered. Meanwhile, Kate had a 100 point streak, and was hitting everything.

"What is this Jake? You're the gamer, come on! I shouldn't be doing better than you!" Jake had bought Guitar Hero III; he had heard about it online, and thought the idea was intriguing. Something a nongamer could pick up with a minimum of difficulty, but still with a heavy gaming component. Good music, too, and great design work. Too bad he sucked.

Kate, however, had picked it up right away - she was forcing him through Easy. Incredibly frustrating for Jake, incredibly entertaining for Kate. She had surprisingly fast reflexes; she had certainly left Jake way behind.

It wasn't long - or so it seemed - before Easy mode was behind them, and they decided to take a break for dinner. To their surprise, it was past seven. "Addicting game," Kate commented. "I'm doing pretty good, eh?" She elbowed him playfully.

"Yeah, whatever," said Jake into his milk. "You're kicking my ass."

"Yeah, I guess so," said Kate bashfully. "So, on to Medium?"

Jake laughed. "Right. One concert, then? My fingers are sore. I can't do much more." He groaned and put his empty cup in the sink. "Let's do this."

One concert turned into two, which turned into three. Finishing the encore, Kate pulled her guitar strap up over her head. "Whew," she panted. "That is absolutely exhausting."

"I'll say," said Jake. "I wonder why my fingers aren't bleeding."

"Want to keep going?" She grinned.

"Oh, hell no. My fingers are sore as anything. Come on, let's go have a shower."

"Aww, do we have to?" Kate sniffed and giggled. "Yeah, we do. Who knew video games would take you sweat?"

They headed up to the shower and began undressing.

"How many changes of clothes do you have?" asked Jake.

"Uh, not many. Maybe five full sets of clothes. Why?" Kate unhooked her bra and dropped it on the floor with her shirt.

"Well, we'll need to do laundry eventually, and - Mmm, titties!" He darted behind Kate and placed his hands over her boobs.

"Ahh," she laughed, "cold! Also, pervert! Pervert!" She pushed him away, then turned around and pulled him in for a kiss. Jake hugged her as they did, moving a bit so her boobs squished up against him.

Having ditched the rest of their clothing, Kate stood shivering as Jake turned on the water. He stuck a foot in the shower to test the temperature and bounced on his free foot, trying to keep his balance. Kate laughed as his erect cock bounced in and out of view between his legs.

Satisfied, Jake pulled Kate into the shower with him, underneath the water curtain. It was just warm enough that her shivering ceased, and they stepped into each other. Jake put her hands on the small of her back and pulled her into him as they joined at the lips.

Jake reached up for the cord and gave it a pull. Startled by the water, Kate gave a quick scream into his mouth and then relaxed, starting to feel hot - and not just from the water. She rubbed her hands up and down his back, and down over his ass. She could feel his dick rubbing against her. It was blissful.

They didn't wash; after a time, soaking wet, they simply pulled away and stepped out. The soaking alone would keep them smelling fresh. They toweled off, collected their clothes, and ran for the bed.

Once again, Kate was first. She leaped into bed and under the covers, snuggling up. Jake came right behind her, slapping of the light as he went in, leaving the room bathed in the red glow of the lava lamp. He pulled the sheets away from Kate, which led to a brief battle for the warm cloths.

Coming to a truce, they snuggled up together underneath the blankets. She smiled and signed happily. They lay in each others' arms for a while.

Then Kate said, "So?"

"So what?" asked Jake.

"You know," she said, blushing.

"Tell me," he said.

"Are we going to... You know." She was deep red; Jake liked her like that.

"Go in, say it," he prodded.

"Are we going to have..." She faltered. "Are we gonna have sex?"

Jake sighed and said, "Are you ready to have sex? I don't want you to think I expect you to."

"I know," said Kate quietly. "I want to do this. Please?" she begged.

"All right." Jake grinned. "If you're going to be like that. I just wanted to be sure this was your choice." He pushed the sheets off them. "You know how this works?"

"I guess," she said. "You just put your cock in me, right? And then it's kinda like when I use my mouth?"

Jake laughed at this comparison. "Kinda. You're not quite ready yet, though. It'd hurt too much if I went in right now. We need to get you ready."

He leaned in and kissed her; at the same time, he reached between Kate's legs. She inhaled sharply at the contact, then sighed as he began to rub a finger up and down the length of her pussy.

He began to focus on the top of her pussy, at her clit. Rubbing in slowly in small circles, he pulled out from his kiss and moved down slightly, for access to her breasts. He placed his mouth over a nipple and sucked lightly, as he brushed it with his tongue. Kate sighed again, deeper, and moved one of her hands to join Jake's between her legs.

Jake moved his mouth to her other nipple; then he started kissing along her boob, down onto her chest, up her neck, and onto her lips.

"Mmm," she moaned. "That's really nice." Jake brought up his hand from between her legs. It glistened slightly, and he licked it.

"Mmm is right," he said. "You're ready to go, and you're yummy. Are you ready?" She closed her head and nodded. "Well then, let's do this. It'll hurt a bit, though. Tell me if you want me to stop." She closed her eyes and nodded.

He rolled Kate onto her back, and pulled her legs up, so that her knees were bent and up in the air. He had clear access to her pussy; he lifted himself between her legs and leaned down. Kate opened her eyes and gave Jake a look - a loving, trusting, passionate look. He supported himself with one hand, and used the other to guide the head of his cock to the entrance of her pussy.

Kate nodded. Slowly, Jake pushed forward. Kate grunted; she'd never had something inside her like this before. He hesitated, by she said, "Don't stop. If you stop, I'll chicken out. Just do it."

Jake pushed forward again, followed by another grunt from Kate. He worked his way in until he felt resistance. He looked down at Kate's face, her eyes squinted. He pushed forward, and she whimpered a little bit. He continued, feeling the barrier starting to give. Tears came to Kate's eyes, but she nodded again. Jake pushed through the resistance, and felt it tear. Kate gasped, and let out a small cry.

Jake could see the fear and pain in Kate's eyes, but knew she wanted him to do it. He leaned forward and kissed her screwed up face as he pushed in further. Kate was crying now; the pain was intense. She didn't make a move to stop it, though. She wanted it; she wanted to know she and Jake had done this, this ultimate act.

Finally, Jake was in as far as he could go - to Kate, it felt like he was in her stomach. She sobbed quietly. Slowly he pulled out, and slowly he pushed back in. After a few thrusts from Jake, Kate began to calm down, the pain slowly disappating. It still hurt, but there was the slightest of good feelings coming through. Jake continued his steady thrusts, enjoying the sensation of his cock fully enveloped in warmth, but at the same time fearing he was harming the girl he loved so much.

He leaned down and kissed Kate again. "How are you holding up?" he asked.

"I'm holding up okay," she said weakly. "It doesn't hurt very much anymore; it almost feels good." Reassured, Jake continued the slow penetration, and the pain for Kate was reduced to a slight throb.

She gave a quiet moan as a tiny wave of pleasure hit her. Reaching down, she tentatively felt for Jake's cock. He looked down when he felt her touch. She felt his cock as he penetrated her, and then felt herself. It was the most bizarre thing ever, having something inside her like that. She moved her hand up to the nub that was her clit. It was swollen, and she gave it a rub.

Another wave of pleasure rolled over her, stronger than the last. She untensed, slowly rubbing herself. She no longer felt the throbs accompanying every thrust from Jake.

He began to pick up speed, as did Kate with her hands. He was starting to feel the tingling that promised his own waves of pleasure. She was already feeling small waves, now coming every few seconds. Kate concentrated on the warm space between her legs, working faster with her hands. She moaned, loudly. Jake replied with his own, increasing his speed as well.

"Kate," he panted, "I'm going to cum soon."

"I am, too," she panted back.

"Can I cum inside of you?"

"Yeah," she said through clenched teeth. "Oh, God, keep going!" Her hands were working furiously.

Suddenly, she started giggling, then laughing as waves of orgasm hit her. Jeff was startled, but he felt her clench around him and it didn't matter. He pushed into her as she laughed and pleasure overcame him. He came hard, and she felt a wet warmth inside her. He slowed down, starting to go limp. Pulling out, he lowered himself onto Kate and rolled her over so that they were lying on their sides, facing each other.

Kate was still giggling, and Jake put a hand to her face. "Are you all right? Why are you laughing?"

Red in the face, she replied, "I don't know. It was incredible; it wasn't funny, it was just really good and..." She looked down at her pussy. "I'm leaking." She reached down and pushed on her abdomen, and a little bit of semen trickled out of her.

She stuck her finger inside herself and pulled it out, followed by a few globs of cum. She scooped it up and brought it up to her face. "On the one hand," she said, considering it, "it's probably yummy. One the other, it came out of me. Do I eat it?"

"Well, I - " Jake began. He was cut off when Kate stuck the sticky finger in his mouth. Surprised, Jake paused, and then sucked her finger clean. "Blegh. Still tastes like me."

"I'll have it then." She laughed, and stuck her finger back inside herself for more. It came out goopy. "There's a lot," she commented, sucking on her fingers.

"Yeah," he said, "I guess there's a lot more of everything during sex. I cum a lot, you laugh when you orgasm."

Kate blushed. "I'll try not to next time."

Alarmed, Jake said, "No! I liked it. I didn't know why you were doing it, but it was really cute, and really hot." This got a deeper blush out of Kate.

"Well, it's a mess, however you look at it." She crawled over him to the edge of the bed and grabbed her tshirt from the floor. She put it between her legs and began to wipe herself clean. "I guess I can't wear this shirt anymore. We'll be needing that laundry you mentioned before you grabbed me."

"Mmm, titties," said Jake quietly, giving her boob a pat. She giggled.

"Thanks a lot, Jake," she whispered, her eyes half closed.

"No, thank you, Kate," he said back. "I love you." But the comment was wasted: she was already asleep. Jake put his head down on the pillow and stared at Kate's face, admiring her. He was an incredibly lucky guy.

He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close as she unconsciously snuggled into him. He fell asleep, wrapped around her, happy.