CHAPTER 10: Exchange

Light was burning with shame as soon as Mello left. He lay on his stomach on the table, not moving to clean the stickiness that was trapped between himself and the tabletop, not moving to pull up his panties. He tried to ignore the catcalls and jeering that had started up on Mello's exit, only taking a slight glance to see that they were still filming. It looked like they were doing some zooming close-ups of under his skirt.

That mail order bride script, it had been an obvious attempt to humiliate, to provoke. Anger burned in Light's gut. That it was so pleasurable had only made the whole experience worse in the end, once Light allowed himself to think of what he'd done, of that terrible, terrible dialogue.

Mello... what a guy. Light had wanted something like Mello for a long time, a man who looked like a girl, but he'd always curbed his impulses. Although, Light's Mello-like fantasies had never involved being on the bottom. There had been quite a bit more oral in Light's imagination, and less kink. The rapes... what a joke, that Mello thought he could rape Kira. Mello had been thoroughly fooled. Light was only playing, experimenting, taking advantage of an opportunity.

If he really hadn't wanted sex, he could have done something else. Light was sure that he could have outsmarted the thugs in a dozen different ways. When he was in a difficult situation and wanted out, some idea would always occur to him, some trick that he could use to force his way. That was his talent, Light knew, and it had never failed him.

Mello was just a pawn, a tool, not a real rapist. He'd been fooled into performing a role.

With a few furtive moves, designed to be hidden from the cameras, Light snuck some of his semen into the bowl of cookie dough, hoping that Mello would eat it later and get a small dose of humiliation back. That horrible English... the ridiculous dress... Mello had a lot to answer for.

Although, something about the sheer audacity of it all sparked Light's interest, turned him on, made him wonder what else Mello could think of, given the chance. When Light had imagined a male lover, he'd never pictured a creative one, only an obedient one, and now that he had a real taste of what a disobedient, kinky lover could do... someone completely unlike the Misa experience, where Misa gave in easily to each one of Light's suggestions...

One of the cameramen put down his camera and pulled a cellphone from his pocket. Light listened. The guy said almost nothing, but the deduction was simple to make anyway. He was having a short conversation with someone who was obviously Mello.

Light wondered why his father hadn't handed over the death note after the first sex video had been delivered. Had he perhaps lost the death note? It had been hidden for years, after all, in whatever secret place his father had chosen.

Light squelched the panic trying to rise within him. No, that couldn't be the case. His father was meticulous and careful and would never lose the death note.

It was odd, though, that two "rape" videos would be required.

Light stood up and said, "Where are my clothes?"

The mafia thugs laughed, and then the one Light knew was called Rod Ross said, "You're not going to see those clothes ever again. You better clean yourself up, 'cause you'll be wearing that dress until your daddy comes to get you."

The men laughed at that, as if it was the funniest thing in the world, and one of the guys tossed Light a wet dishcloth.

My watch! I'm not going to be able to kill anyone until I'm home again.

As Light cleaned the semen off himself, his hands itched to touch his own death note. No, it wasn't his original death note. The original was the one that had been hidden somewhere by his father after being taken from Higuchi. Light's own death note, the one that he now derived his memories from, was the one he had earned by manipulating Rem into killing herself, the one that he had found on her pile of ashes after finally arranging the death of L.

Having been earned, it was so much sweeter than the one that had come to him by chance alone. The touch of it soothed his hands and his mind. It had been too long. Light wanted to kill somebody. Anybody, anybody who deserved it, and there were always more of those, always more people the world would be better off without.

After long practice, the act of killing was almost like an instinct within Light. He needed it for his equilibrium, just as he needed food and sleep.

Just as Light finished cleaning himself, the men announced it was time to move, to go to another location. Light tried to leave the maid's cap behind, but the men held him down and fastened it back on, laughing their crude laughter and then handcuffing and blindfolding him as well. He was herded blindly along various hallways and stair steps, from what he could feel certainly being taken out a different way than he came in, halfway along accompanied by Sayu's highly recognizable whimpering.

It was into another shipping container after that, or perhaps the same one, being driven around, being left entirely alone except for meals and bathroom breaks. The handcuffs made Light's wrists sore and the straw or hay that lined the bottom of the shipping container made Light's skin itchy.

It was always Mello who helped Light. Light couldn't see but he recognized the voice, the touches of the hands, and the smell of chocolate.

And every time Mello pulled down Light's panties and tried to get him to piss in a bucket, Light found himself getting hard enough so that he couldn't pee, and then he'd have to wait for his erection to go away while Mello snickered wetly in his ear and gave Light's cock little teasing strokes just to cause extra frustration.

Something in Light wanted to beg for sexual release at those times, but he didn't. He couldn't afford to, with his sister listening nearby and with needing to keep up the pretense of being a rape victim. If only he could get Mello alone, in a situation with more equal footing and total secrecy, where he could slam Mello into the ground and mount him, victorious, fulfilling all their pent-up cravings in the most delicious ways...

But instead, each time Mello assisted him, Light forced his mind to stop those imaginings, and in the end he would always calm down and be able to use the toilet bucket, in humiliation.

Their time in the shipping container seemed to last forever, but from Light's counting of their meals, it probably wasn't much more than a day.

They were knocked out again before the final segment with what tasted and smelled like the same kind of sleeping gas, and Light woke up some time later, feeling like hell, like a terrible hangover. Hands were on his shoulders and a wet, cool cloth was being applied to Light's face.

He opened his eyes only to get jabbed with the cloth, and jerked his head back, blinking wildly, feeling a floor hard and cold as rock underneath him, hearing his father's voice first and then his sister's.

"He's awake, he's awake!"

"Are you okay, Light? I'm sorry, I'm so sorry!"

Both of their voices sounded weepy, as if they were on the verge of crying but holding it back.

The room resolved into a very low-angle view of something huge and dim, concrete floors and walls, and bright light filtering in from a large distance away at just one end. Light guessed it was perhaps an underground garage. Or, no, it looked more like an underground airplane hanger. The opening at one end was huge. Light tried to sit up, but the handcuffs were hampering his movements, he still felt distant and a little stupid, and his head throbbed.

Sayu's hands were on his shoulders, helping him to sit up.

Sayu's voice said, "Light, can you talk? Are you sick? What did they do to you?"

Light blinked again. The room was swaying, dizziness making him nauseous. He looked down and saw the frilly skirts of his dress smeared with dust from the floor.

Soichiro said, "Son, just rest if you can. There will be a medical crew here as soon as possible. We've got you now. We'll take care of you. We don't have a key for the handcuffs but we'll get them sawed open."

Light tried to make his tone sound pitiful and said, "Yes."

At that, Sayu put her face in her hands and started crying. Light looked to his father and saw him wearier than ever before, incredibly old and tired. His face was stern and resigned, and he was pulling a cellphone out of his pocket.

Soichiro flipped the cellphone open and said, "I have both of them. We're going to exit now. How soon can you have a van here?"

After listening for a moment, he said, "Good. I'm sure they are hearing everything I say as long as I'm here. I'll stay on this phone, and if they kill us before we can get free, level this place with the bomb, destroy everything."

Light said, "What is this place?"

"It used to be an American military installation, but it was abandoned decades ago, and apparently the mafia moved in and repaired it. It's in the middle of a desert. There's nobody for many kilometers around. It'll be a long wait until they can pick us up."

In that case, it's unlikely they can successfully retreat with the death note. They'll be tracked easily. What idiots.

Sayu said, "That notebook, was it Kira's notebook? The man with the gun, he wrote in it and said he was testing it to see if it really killed, and then... and then... he said he had confirmation on his phone that it did kill somebody."

So that's what happened while I was unconscious. Now that Sayu knows how Kira's power works, I may have to kill her someday, just to make sure she stays quiet. But as long as the task force is still alive, I would lose more than I would gain from killing her, and in the short term the task force will ensure she's ordered not to talk.

Soichiro said, "We cannot discuss these matters yet. I'm sure this entire building is bugged."

"Yes," Sayu said, "I forgot. I'm so useless."

After a few moments Sayu added, "But if it was the source of Kira's power, you shouldn't have traded it for us. It would be better for both of us to die. We're just two people."

Sayu is kind of noble, but her loyalty is entirely misplaced.

Soichiro cleared his throat and shuffled his feet, and then everything became an awkward pause punctuated only by Soichiro occasionally speaking into the cellphone to prove he was still alive.

Soon there was a muffled sound as of immense machinery moving and grinding, following by a loud roaring and a vibration Light could feel through the floor. His head was clearing a bit by that point, enough for his mind to put together the clues, enough for him to think that a rocket was being launched and to admire the perverse, misguided ingenuity of it all. In a place this empty and open, it was the only real way to get the death note far enough, fast enough to possibly avoid being traced to the new location.

Well, the rocket would surely be traced, but it could be programmed to eject a small package at some point along its route, a point that Mello's henchmen were surely waiting at, ready to intercept it and disappear long before the entire route of the rocket could be searched.

If the package were well-designed and small enough, it would not show up on radar at all. The only possible way to know where it would land would be to have an insider in Mello's group confess the location. Light hoped the task force would be capable of capturing someone fast enough to intercept the death note. He itched to be in command of the group, in his rightful place, planning for them, giving orders.

If only he had his death note or a piece of it, and a name from the group, he could write that the criminal would turn himself in and answer all questions honestly. The others would never realize it wasn't a normal interrogation.

The thought that his old death note might go to criminals was almost intolerable. Almost equally awful was the thought that someone with the intelligence level of Aizawa was probably temporarily in charge of things during this critical time when the death note could slip away.

Soichiro was staring at the floor, an odd expression on his face. After a moment, he said into the cellphone, "Still here, still alive."

Light said, "Dad, we don't have much time. We need to do something. I know we can't say anything critical here, but can't I talk on the phone? I'm sure that the listening devices in this room aren't sensitive enough to pick up the other side of the conversation, and I could give orders by using any of the codes we already have set up for this purpose. If we need to, we can just walk out of here and go far enough into the desert that they shouldn't have listening devices."

Soichiro said, "The others have it under control. A helicopter and a rocket left here, and the helicopter exploded a few minutes ago. It must be on the rocket."

Sweat was beading on Soichiro's forehead. He pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped it away.

Light had the feeling that something was distinctly wrong. Something was off about his father's mannerisms, and normally there should be no reason for the task force to not immediately start accepting orders from their leader.

Light's arms ached behind him, chafing against the handcuffs. He continued to sit on the dusty floor, too tired to stand up. He wanted to lie down, but it was so filthy.

Something was certainly going on. Soichiro was avoiding eye contact. He shuffled uncomfortably and continued to speak into the phone at intervals, while Sayu stood by helplessly.

Light almost wondered if he'd become a suspect again. No, that should be nearly impossible, and yet... and yet...

The 13-day rule, plus my airtight alibi before L's death that was created by being filmed all the time and getting Rem to do it for me, together these things should have freed me from suspicion for all time.

Sayu's eyes were wide and shiny with held-back tears. She was sniffling, staring at Light.

Had Misa messed up in some way? She already performed most of the judgments personally, so the pattern of deaths should not have changed in any way, and she knew all the tricks she'd been taught with how and where to hide both death notes. She knew how to smuggle pieces of paper on her person in places too intimate to search and only use them when she was completely unobserved, and how to dispose of them without being caught if she were ever cornered, and how to get Ryuk to search for hidden cameras.

Sayu mumbled, "It should have been me, Light. I was such a coward."

Light made his expression even more upset and weary, and he was rewarded by a pitiful look from his father.

Misa lacked common sense, but she'd been trained very well, and the tests Light had set up for her had never yet exposed any inadequacies. She knew that to slip up even once on something important would cause a cutting off of love, perhaps an end of the relationship altogether.

Light twisted and rubbed his knee at the floor, trying to remove the black garter that was still on his leg. Sayu helped him and threw it far away.

Misa even knew by heart the emergency plans for what to do if things became very dangerous, for how to get a fanatically loyal Kira supporter to take over the duties with either periodically sent pages or with a borrowed death note, if the situation was dire enough that there would be no opportunity to send more pages at intervals.

Light was increasingly thirsty, the dust of the place lingering in his throat as his mind raced ahead, his suspicion beginning to focus on Misa, on anything that she could have done wrong. She'd never been left completely to her own decisions before, and suspicion wouldn't appear again for no reason at all.

If he had become a suspect, after everything he'd done to secure his innocence, after the right he'd earned to not be investigated ever again, then it was probably the end for the task force. There would be a choice between killing them all or figuring out some method to throw off suspicion again. But it was likely that any new suspicion could never entirely be gotten rid of, considering that it had cropped up when it wasn't supposed to, when Light should have been clean forever.

They were stupid, but there was a limit to how many times you could fool anyone. That's why killing was so useful. If the suspicion were anything serious, the entire task force would need to die at the earliest possible time.

Light rolled his shoulders, trying to dislodge the knots that had settled there, but nothing happened other than his hands chafing against the cuffs behind his back.

The right decision would depend on the situation. There might be a way to blame everything on Misa without sullying himself, though that would be tricky, considering how close they were. There might be a way to "prove" that some task force member had turned into a Kira themselves, and was trying to frame Light and Misa. Matsuda would be an ideal victim in that circumstance. He was known as a Kira sympathizer and he'd be so clueless that he wouldn't be able to defend himself.

Light assembled various plans in his mind, depending on which situation he'd face, carefully evaluating each one for risks and benefits, and, most importantly, for points of no return. Certain courses of action were limiting once you'd taken them, forcing you to commit to them. Some lies naturally led to unavoidable conclusions and further lies, so you needed to be sure of your path.

After what felt like an exceptionally long wait, Light could just barely hear the distant sound of a vehicle. Moments later, his father said into the phone, "We'll be coming out to meet you."

Light tried to make the tone of his voice as pitiful as possible and said, "I'm not sure if I can stand up on my own."

Instantly, Sayu was at one side and Soichiro at the other, both helping him to his feet. Light took his steps forward gingerly, as if bothered by a sore ass. In reality, it was tender, but not enough that he'd have to walk funny if he didn't want to.

They made their way across the huge room. The noise of a motor was getting steadily louder, and Light almost thought it now sounded like two vehicles. The bright open square at one end of the huge room was getting brighter, now showing blue sky through it. A slope in the floor led up to it, and as Light climbed, he at last got a glimpse of the approaching vehicles, two black vans with darkened windows.

Soichiro turned to Sayu, hugged her and said, "You'll be separated from us, but it's okay. The people I'm sending you with will hide you until it is safe to take you home."

Sayu clung to him and said, "Dad, don't leave me."

Soichiro patted her back and said, "We have work to do, Sayu. Now, it's very important that you don't talk in front of these people about anything that happened since you were kidnapped. There are secrets we need to keep in order to catch Kira. Those secrets are only for the task force. Do you understand?"

"Yes."

The vans were pulling up and stopping.

Good. It is time we started work on getting my death note back from Mello's criminal scum.

A bulky guy in a suit got out of one van and motioned to Sayu. Light memorized his face in case he might become important later. Anyone with potential access to even the most minor of Kira's secrets might need to be killed, and there would surely be a way of discovering his name. Perhaps the names of everyone in that van were already in the task force's files.

Then the other van's back doors were opening, and Light saw Matsuda inside, along with a snarl of electronic equipment and screens, all blank for the time being. Light kept up his funny walk as he went to the van and climbed in, disappointed to see nobody else hiding among the equipment. Matsuda's face immediately went red and his gaze dropped to the floor. He fumbled around under the small ledge that held up some of the monitors, and brought out a little saw, kneeling behind Light and sawing as Soichiro shut the back doors.

Matsuda said, "Light, I'm so sorry."

Soichiro said, "Where are the clothes?" and began moving things, looking under them.

Light said, "What intelligence do you have on these criminals?"

He was only met with silence.

The van started moving and at the jolt Matsuda barely grazed Light's skin with the saw. Light hissed in irritation and said, "We don't have time right now. The notebook is getting away."

Matsuda began babbling about how sorry he was and pulled the first handcuff free, rummaging around in the equipment while saying something about a first aid kit.

Light stared at his father's back, trying to etch deep trauma into his face, but when his father turned around, Soichiro looked away and simply shoved a pile of clothing into Light's arms.

Thinking furiously all the while, Light got rid of the dress and panties and dressed himself in the offered suit, and then sat on one of the available chairs.

Matsuda hovered nearby, trying both to start sawing at the second handcuff and to bandage the small cut on Light's wrist, but Light waved him away.

Light said, "Dad, the criminals will keep the notebook unless we act now. Don't you know how hard it will be to ever find it again?"

Soichiro said, "The others have the situation under control. There is no need for us to rush."

Matsuda said, "Yeah, now there are these great guys-"

"Matsuda!" said Soichiro.

Matsuda ducked his head, apologized and grabbed at Light's cuffed wrist, bringing the saw around again. Light sat stiffly where he was, not resisting.

Light whispered, "What's wrong? Are the criminals still bugging us? Or have they gained control over you two in some way? Is Sayu safe?"

Matsuda looked as if he might say something, but he bit his lip instead and looked at Soichiro.

Soichiro said, "Light, it's a very difficult situation. We've been told to tell you the truth, and I think I agree."

"You've been told? By whom?"

Others are involved? If this knowledge is spreading, I'll need to kill a lot of people, fast.

"It is a group," said Soichiro, "called the SPK. They are an American organization that has apparently been investigating Kira for a few years. They approached us after the kidnapping and offered to help. Their leader is called N, which we were later told stands for Near and-"

Light crossed his arms, inconveniencing Matsuda's attempt to continue to saw off the remnant of the last handcuff, and said, "Dad, is this a long story? Our first priority right now should be getting the notebook back, and our time is very limited."

Matsuda said, "Oh, that's been taken care of already."

"Yes," Soichiro said, with a glare in Matsuda's direction, "the SPK has infiltrated this criminal organization. They know exactly where the notebook will be dropped, and they believe they will be able to secure it and capture most or all of the members of this gang."

Light said, "How can we trust them? I assume that they are thinking of keeping the notebook for themselves, aren't they?"

"That is what they say," Soichiro replied, "but I do not see that we can do anything about it. They won't tell us the drop site. Perhaps it is for the best. We were not very good guardians of the notebook, or we never would have handed it over to criminals. Sayu is right."

"The Americans won't be better," Light said, "they will be worse, because if their superiors hear any hint of how Kira's power actually works, they will demand the notebook, and then it will keep traveling up the chain of command. It will either disappear with someone who intends to use it for self-serving purposes, or it will land in the hands of someone who wants to use it as a tool of war, for bending the entire world to America's desires. That would be a much worse disaster than Kira."

After a moment, Light added, "When did they infiltrate this criminal organization?"

Soichiro answered, "Weeks ago, we think."

"That," said Light, "is extremely suspicious. If they had infiltrated the group in any time before Sayu and I were let go, then they could have freed us. We didn't have to-"

Light made his voice break with strain, then averted his eyes and said in a lowered voice, "we didn't have to go through everything that happened."

Matsuda frowned and awkwardly patted at Light's shoulder. Light flinched and Matsuda's hand was removed.

"I'm sorry," Light said, his eyes still averted, "but this makes the SPK complicit in rape, kidnapping and blackmail. Those men... they nearly raped Sayu. I had to protect her... I had to offer myself. I had nothing except my body..."

Light forced out a few tears, put a shamed expression on his face and said, with a glance to the dress crumpled on the floor, "I suspect this entire situation was a ploy by the SPK, a terrible scheme to force the notebook away from us. Surely their real purpose is not to capture Kira, but to make a grab for Kira's power."

Light looked to his father's face and he could see he was getting through, he was making progress. Soichiro's expression was uncomfortable, strained, immensely sad, and beginning to redden his cheeks with shame.

Soichiro shuffled his feet on the floor, clenching and unclenching his hands helplessly, uselessly, in his lap, and said, "We don't know much, we only know what the SPK has told us about itself. Near has said to tell you everything that they tell us."

"Why," Light said, "why would you even be thinking about withholding information from me?"

Matsuda blurted out, "Because Near says you might be Kira."

Light was shocked speechless for a moment, but then his mind was quickly racing ahead to assemble the best things to say in the situation.

"What is this nonsense again? Has one of our members been getting drunk and blabbing about the former L's theories to strangers?"

Soichiro said, "Light... there is... Misa..."

I knew it! Misa made some mistake. I should have killed her and found someone else to perform the judgments before this ever started. Anyone can trade for the shinigami eyes. I should have had a proxy Kira who can be caught without any danger of implicating me.

Soichiro continued, "Misa is under suspicion again. A video made by someone with Kira's power arrived at Sakura TV. It was broadcast, and it said it was from the second Kira. The video said Kira had been kidnapped, and it tried to both threaten and bargain with the kidnappers for Kira's return."

That stupid bimbo!

Light had to exert all his willpower to keep his expression perfect. He wanted to kill Misa, painfully, slowly. What she had done... it was almost the worst imaginable reaction.

If it is even true. Perhaps something else happened to cause suspicion and they've been instructed to lie to me, to see how I react. Well, I'll never confess. I'm up to this challenge even if things are truly that bad. I've already got my father and Matsuda mostly convinced that the SPK is scum and just wants power. Only a little more pushing, and this way they'll let me investigate Misa even while I'm under suspicion.

Light said, "I didn't... I didn't want to think it, but... I love her... it can't be, but if it is true, as you say..."

Light bit his lip, waiting exactly the right amount of time, and then looked directly at his father with the most piercing and haunted gaze he could muster.

"We know," Light said in a halting voice, "we know that Misa had some connection to the second Kira years ago. The evidence proved she sent those videos, and she admitted it, though she said they were poltergeist hoaxes rather than Kira tapes. I let my feelings blind me, or we should have continued to investigate her, to discover that link. She's a Kira sympathizer with the strongest reasons for it. I told myself that even Matsuda is a Kira sympathizer, so it shouldn't matter-"

His voice choked.

In the pause, just as Light had anticipated, Matsuda said, "Light, it's not your fault. Lots of people think Kira is kind of cool, and Misa is so nice. Nobody would think anything bad about her."

Light brought his voice almost steady with a faked effort and said, "Misa could easily be a leak, a plant to watch over us, to make sure we never make progress with the investigation. Why should Kira kill us when we would just be replaced with others that Kira might not be able to watch? Or, maybe, Misa only has a link to the second Kira, and the second Kira just recently found the primary Kira. Whatever it is, Kira is acting now, starting some plan. I wish I knew what it was. Perhaps the SPK is even part of that plan. Kira might want his notebook back."

Light choked again and said, "I don't wish to think it of her, but who else could leak information like that? Nobody else knew I was kidnapped, did they? If there's any other possibility, other than Misa, I want to know."

This way they have no reason to doubt the 13-day rule. As they think things over, I'll become less suspicious by the hour.

"No," Soichiro said, "only the task force and Misa knew. We didn't notify anyone in the NPA. I haven't even told your mother yet. I've pretended it was a sudden holiday for Sayu."

Matsuda said, "Poor Misa-Misa. Do you really think it is her?"

"I hope not," Light said, "but we have no choice but to investigate her."

"Light," Soichiro said, "will you do it? I know this is hard, but if she's a criminal, if she's helping Kira, it's intolerable."

"Yes, Dad, I'll do it. I think it will work best if I pretend I still trust her. We could do that by letting her go and giving as our reason that another task force member is under suspicion for being the leak, perhaps Ide. We could tell Misa we've locked him up, and he could just hide out in his apartment until this is resolved."

This way, if the SPK decides to watch us, their resources will be divided.

Light thought some more and then went into detail on his supposed plans about Misa, taking pains all the while to look suitably worried and disgusted. The real plan, which he was mentally working on at the same time, was using the "investigation" of Misa to secretly communicate with her and get the information needed to fully evaluate the new situation.

Once that had been done, Misa would almost certainly be memory-wiped the moment it was feasible and probably killed soon after that. The task force would live just long enough to be used as a tool to bring down the SPK, but the exact details would depend on which emergency plans Misa had followed and several other factors.

After a long explanation of Light's fake plan, including making an outline and plenty of notes, Soichiro's cellphone rang. Soichiro answered, then his face flushed, and he handed it to Light.

A distorted voice said, "Light Yagami, I am pleased to make your acquaintance. I am Near."

"What do you have to tell us?"

"I don't have any updates for you, Kira. I will contact your team later to give a report on the situation and to receive a report in return. I asked to speak with you personally because I have a message for you. I don't know if your father delivered it as he was supposed to."

Light's stomach twisted slightly, but he said, "What is it?"

"The SPK will be watching you, Light. If any of your team members die soon, or if any of the criminals we have arrested die soon, or if those videos of the criminals' faces are released on the Internet or in any other way that would create plausible deniability for you if Kira kills them, you will be executed on the suspicion of being Kira."

Executed?

Light said, "Those criminals had the notebook in their possession for at least fifteen minutes, and they have already killed at least two of their own, one for the test and another for the helicopter decoy. We have no way to know if they turned on each other and killed more, more who could die over the coming days. Those thugs also knew the names of everyone on my team. What you are suggesting is meaningless as a test."

Near's voice said, "You have not convinced me to change my position. The SPK has been authorized to perform any field executions we deem necessary, and this authorization comes directly from the United States president. With the notebook, there would be absolutely no bother to carrying out your execution."

The line suddenly went silent.

Light said, "Dad, they're thinking of murdering me."

Soichiro sighed and said, "They told me to tell you their threats, but after everything you said, I wasn't sure if I should follow their plan. It would be giving up our wills, to do everything they tell us as if-"

"Executed on a mere suspicion! They are criminals, Dad. They aren't working within the law at all."

Well, this just means I need to kill the entire task force and the SPK at the exact same time. I was already planning that, so this doesn't affect anything.

A/N (Author's Note):

After some lemons, the plot has finally returned. Well, this chapter is about one thing I've speculated about. I've always thought that Light would implicate Misa if given a chance to do so without implicating himself, but that circumstances restrained him from doing it (first there was Rem, and then the 13-day rule was just too important to Light's innocence).