News of the death of Takatori Masafumi reached the dairai the next morning and Aya was informed by the servant who brought him the food with which to break his fast with his master. It seemed that on the way from the house of the Qin ambassador that he had been beset by no less than a hundred bandits and cut down. Aya knew it had only been one but exaggeration was normal. Captain Kuchiki Byakuya of the city guard was aparently apoplectic with rage that one of the nobles in his city had been done in by mere bandits. This was worth news because the last time that Kuchiki-dono had even shown an expression he had accidentally invaded part of Qin.

Also the Lady Rukia was with child, which was amazing because she had been absent since forever, and obviously when she had gone to visit her husband the two of them had been at it like squirrels which was amazing because she had heard that Lord Crawford was cold as stone. Then she had been embarrassed for chattering on at him about such things when he was the Lord Crawford’s concubine and all, and well she hadn’t heard anything during the night, and normally people were loud about such things, even when they hadn’t intended to be, and well, it was only right that Lady Rukia was pregnant because it meant that the young princess would have company which was only fair it being her first time and all, and everyone expected her to keep the baby because everyone knew it was Sohma because she was laying with Sohma Hatsuharu and wasn’t he just the handsomest man in all the court, and she didn't blame the young princess because the maid wouldn’t mind herself.

That was when Aya cut her off taking the kettle of water with a hn that he might continue to finish his master’s breakfast.
Too many details cut close in the woman’s chatter. Crawford had not touched Aya at all since he had come to the capital.

He didn’t know whether to confront Crawford, who being onmyoji clearly knew these things, or worse he had manipulated them. He didn’t know how it was important that one of the empress’ handmaidens was pregnant, or that it was the child of one of the premier negotiators and the empress’ own cousin.

Aya had met Sohma Hatsuharu when he had first been taken into Crawford's service, when he was still training with Hikarin, he was a tall thin man with a sort of dangerous presence and the top of his hair was white, but underneath it was black, like the spots on a cow. He had rings in both ears and walked with his katana firm in his hand even when in safe surroundings.

He was angry when he entered the room of the Dairai that Crawford was using as his own. Crawford had, for his own reasons, made sure that Ken had laid out the more elaborate woman’s kimono for Moon and Star to help him dress saying that there was need of them to learn, but as far as Aya could tell they were perfectly adequate, then he had sent all of Aya’s servants, little Sena included, to help prepare the Crawford townhouse for them. Naoe had said that Aya was cold when he was angry, the colder he was often the more angry but he felt calm as he knelt and opened the door to enter, as a woman would.

Crawford was not alone. A small zesshai had been set out for breakfast and was merely waiting upon his returning with the kettle of water. Sat around the table was Rukia, who was peeling lychees, her elf slightly to the rear of her. Fuji, who had a blissful look of contentment on his face even if he was clearly sat uncomfortably, and a tall dark haired man that Aya did not know. He was rigid in his posture, and his long hair draped over his shoulder. Strangely he wore white, which Aya knew to be an impractical colour, but it wasn’t heavily embroidered, it was simple white fabric, gathered at his waist by a belt, and thick black hakama.

“Ah, you’ve finally returned,” Crawford said as he picked up a slice of fish with his chop sticks, “we were just discussing the terrible murder that happened last night. I wasn’t sure if you’d heard already, the entire palace is abuzz with information.”

“Yes,” Aya said as he carried the water over, “I was informed as I fetched the kettle, a hundred bandits I heard, lurking in the shadows. I imagine it has caused a stir in the city.” He didn’t know this man and Crawford didn't seem to want to introduce him so Aya was playing dumb. “It is terrible when even a noble of the blood can be waylaid for what trinkets he carries upon him. There are places of course, in the country, where one expects this kind of behaviour, but in Kyoto, it is truly terrible. It makes one wonder if one will be safe in their bed if they leave the Dairai.”

“The gossip over exaggerates.” The man said in a voice with the same tonal inflections as Crawford’s if slightly deeper. “Takatori Masafumi was murdered, that is true, but by a single man, a Ronin who commited seppuku rather than be apprehended. It seems that he had affiliations with the Fujimiya before the fall, I was wondering if you knew him.”

Aya looked wide eyed. “It is true that I was born a Fujimiya but my father had many servants and I cannot say that I knew them all, as they travelled in trade. They were loyal however and if they believed that the Takatori had betrayed them I could understand such behaviour even if I could not condone it.” Crawford seemed impressed by the way that Aya lied, but there was truth in it, Aya didn’t know who had killed Masafumi, only regretted it could not be him.

“And where exactly were you last night, Aya-no-bara?” The man asked, his gaze was cold and somewhat penetrating.

Fuji suddenly laughed, “always the guard, eh, aniki?” he batted the man on the arm and recieved a curt hn in return. “You are here not to interrogate poor Aya but instead to congratulate our lovely Rukia on her impending motherhood.”

Rukia raised a delicately painted eyebrow. “Syuusuke,” she chided, “you know Byakuya-nii-san hates when you call him that.”

“Of course,” Fuji replied, “but it is true, he is my brother, his mother married my father, that makes us family, and he is older than me, therefore he is aniki, it’s all very logical isn’t it, Aya?”

Aya didn’t know what to say, so he said nothing.

“Rukia’s impending joy must impinge upon your own place here in the Crawford household,” Byakuya said, and Aya mused over him, so this was the commander of the city guard, Kuchiki Byakuya. He noted the information away in his head, along with what Fuji seemed so determined to tell him, that he was Rukia’s maternal brother, where Fuji was her fraternal brother only. It was not uncommon for a man to have as many wives as he could afford households for, and Lord Fuji was rich indeed, but at the same time he was not known to be a lover of women, so Rukia’s mother must have been spectacular for him to accept her as a second wife, which she had to have been as a widow.

However looking at her children it was clear that she had more than merely beauty to recommend her. Crawford had revealed, slightly drunk at the time, and sated, that it was not the men of house fuji who were dangerous but their women. Aya did not know how to assess Kuchiki Byakuya yet, but he already knew that he was dangerous.

“My place is at my master’s whim," Aya answered carefully as Fuji smiled that dangerous half smile. “I imagine if he intends to set me aside when his heir is born he will at least wait until the child is ready for weaning, that gives me yet another year in his service, perhaps by then I will have cemented my place with him, after all I have only been in his service for a few short months.

“And yet you still didn't answer my question about where it was that you were last night.” Kuchiki was not going to be swayed.

“I was at the townhouse,” he answered calmly, “upon my master’s will, we argued and he asked that I sleep apart from him.”

“And what did you argue about?” Kuchiki pressed.

“Aniki," Fuji dragged the word out to change the subject but Kuchiki was having none of it.

“His majesty intimated that I might be welcome to share his futon but my master avoided the subject, when we were alone I suggested that it might be best to take him up on his offer as it would improve my master’s standing with his imperial highness, but we disagreed, that is when I and my retinue left for the townhouse to give my master time to cool his temper. Upon dawn I returned this morning to make amends. You may check with my servants, but I was in the town house all night. It was cold and dusty and I have instructed my servants to remain to help with the preparations for us moving there permanently, although I understand Lady Rukia has been asked to stay here to attend the empress and her handmaidens during her pregnancy.”

“And why did Crawford turn down the emperor’s offer do you think?”

Aya adopted a rather empty eyed look as he reached across to pour tea, first into Crawford’s cup, then Kuchiki’s, then his own. “I am merely a concubine,” he answered, “it is not my place to question the decisions of my master, I do not know the ways of court and he does, I am here to entertain and to please.” He flicked his eyes deliberately to Crawford as he said this. “If you have such questions perhaps it is best to ask him yourself.” Kuchiki suspected him, Aya knew, but Aya had not been anywhere near the murder, he had been with the Qin ambassador but the emperor had put in place this story in case people questioned it. “I have no grudge against either the Takatori or the Taira for what happened to my family, my father made his mistakes and I only hope that they can be rectified quickly with little blood shed.”

Kuchiki mused on what he said for a moment before he spoke. “And yet you were disinherited and your sister stands to inherit the Fujimiya wealth on behalf of the Takatori if she ever consummates her marriage.” It wasn't really a question.

“As a concubine I have no concerns over the estate," Aya answered, “In Takatori possession it has been given over to the use of my master so I live in the home I was raised in amongst the servants who raised me, in his service I am given access to wealth that I could not as master of the Fujimiya and have access to the capital as the servant of an imperial negotiator. Perhaps I am shallow for although I mourn my father i do not mourn what might be considered as my loss of status.” That was a complete lie, Aya knew, and waited for the guard to call him on it.

Kuchiki did not, either he decided that Aya was telling him the truth or that machinations were going on behind his back that were happening above his ability to control that he didn’t have to like. “Nevertheless the murder was in Kyoto, which is troublesome for me, as I am tasked with keeping all of his majesties subjects safe and for a simple Ronin to kill a member of the Blood.”

“I can’t imagine it will happen again." Crawford said politely, putting his bowl unto his plate with a loud chink of porcelain. “After all none of the other Takatori are even in the capital. Perhaps Masafumi knew of a threat to his person and came here in the hope that you would be able to save him.”

“Masafumi was an idiot.” Kuchiki corrected him, “he wandered the streets late at night in the Qin quarter, it is merely unfortunate that a Fujimiya Ronin killed him and not a simple cut purse. I just wished to know that it would not happen again.”

Kuchiki definitely knew but Aya had learned the hard way that walls had ears and people were always listening.

“There were not many samurai in my father’s court,” Aya answered honestly, “and most of those were taken in by the Taira, if you wish to enquire of their whereabouts it is worth asking them, I no longer have a hold on them.”

“And yet you spent over a month this winter with the Taira in Gifu.” Kuchiki was far more aware than he had let Aya believe.

“Yes," Aya answered, “Tai’itsu’kun is my kinswoman and I was raised with the two sons of the Sano who are set to inherit the Taira house, but also my kinswoman Rao owns a small estate upon the Taira lands and I spent well over a week with her, my master was adamant that my unfortunate circumstances did not distance me from those who loved me.”

Kuchiki was digesting the information, “I imagine, nii-san,” he said to Crawford, deliberately focussing on the honorific, “that you wished to exploit these bonds of love.”

Crawford smiled, “I am an imperial negotiator,” he answered blithely, “I like to keep my options open. Now, Byakuya-nii-san, it is a simple family breakfast, can we not leave the negotiator and watch commander at the door and simply bask in the time we have here, you should have brought your wife, but I imagine she would not be so tolerant of how you talk shop as our Aya.” Crawford smiled sweetly at Aya and it cut like a knife. “You are yet to congratulate Rukia-kun and tell her how she is glowing, your wife will be displeased with you.”

“I merely think it odd," Kuchiki said quietly as he finally lifted his chopsticks, “that the murder of Masafumi so nicely coincides with the announcement of Aya-hime’s pregnancy.”

Aya dropped his tea bowl in his lap spilling water all over the fine kimono, Fuji moved across to help him. “Ah,” Kuchiki said then, “you didn’t know.”

“If you think the timing odd,” Rukia said, finally joining the conversation, “then you should speak to Haru," she matched her brother’s gaze and for the first time Aya noticed that they had the same eyes and chin, “afterall we know that our Aya has no grudge against the Takatori but what about Aya-hime?”

“I have arranged that I might speak to her later, shall I carry her your congratulations?” he looked at Aya as he said it.

“I," Aya stammered, “I,” then he lowered his eyes, “please excuse me, I must change. Thank you for your consideration and I do hope that there is no greater conspiracy around this terrible murder, and that I am glad that it was merely one man and not one hundred bandits. I,” the words were gone as he scuttled to his feet, suddenly clumsy, and unsure of himself, and went into the next room.

Lying beside the futon was a length of string, perhaps half as long as Aya was tall, which had clearly been used to tie the mattress into a round for storage, that it might not come undone. Aya sat heavily on the futon, as if his legs had been cut out from under him, and toyed with the piece of string, first wrapping it around one wrist and then other other. It was long enough, he mused, to tie around both ankles and fix them to his wrists, as if he was hogtied. He put down the string and removed the stained outer kimono, then the layers underneath until he sat only in his nagajubon and hakama. He was angry and upset and a million other things and suddenly the few mouthfuls of ginger tea he had had for breakfast felt like they were curdling in his belly.

The string coiled and stretched through his fingers. He thought of the myriad ways it could be used to tie him up, because if he was tied he wouldn;t murder Sohma Hatsuharu and have to commit seppuku before he could kill Takatori Reiji for the destruction of his family, but he wouldn’t have to act out this farce.

And what was worse was that Crawford had to have known.

When Fuji came in, carrying another bowl of the tea for him, Aya had not realised that he had wrapped the string about his wrist very tightly, the flesh around it red and puffy.

“You know most people use rope because it’s less likely to cut you or cut off the circulation.” His gaze on the string was assessing, as if he understood things that Aya possibly couldn’t. “Here," he handed him the bowl and Aya was surprised that it was green tea and not ginger. He took healthy slurps of it, “Aniki is," he smiled and his eyes flashed blue through his lashes, “more dangerous than he looks, he knows Crawford has something to do with Takatori’s murder but can't prove it, and even if he could he wouldn’t be able to act against a negotiator. That doesn’t mean he won’t do his job though.”

He stopped for a moment and then swept his hair back for a moment, “the news about your sister, are you well about it? I understand it must be a shock to you.”

“Hn," Aya snorted. He didn't know what to think, he’d work that out later when he had done what he needed to do. He might only have been a silly concubine, powerless and without allies in a court of sharks, but Sohma Hatsuharu needed to die.