Dave ignored Derek's questions as they sped towards Hotch's apartment. He'd been there half a dozen times, sometimes after cases that had been difficult, a couple of times just to spent a little time with a friend. He knew where he was going, and he intended to get there fast. He was trying to put together the facts he'd been given, but they didn't seem to add up. How could Hotch be missing? That sort of thing didn't happen to BAU agents. Not at home, anyway. Sure, you could end up in a situation like Gideon had had in Boston, or the way Reid and Emily had in Colorado. But Hotch was at home.

Derek's fist slammed against the dash. "What is going on, Dave?" He was pissed off, and Dave shook himself.

"Hotch is missing," he said tersely. "Someone made a 911 call from his apartment, reporting an intruder. They heard a gunshot in the background. When the police arrived at his apartment, they found signs of a struggle--furniture overturned, blood and whiskey spilled on the floor."

Derek swore. Dave agreed whole-heartedly. "What the hell? Was it Hotch that made the call?"

"They don't know. They're getting a copy of it rushed to our office. We'll be working this case ahead of anything else, of course." Dave's heart was thudding in his chest. He didn't have so many friends that he could afford to lose any. Especially not someone as close and important to him as Aaron.

"What are the odds of a random intruder at the home of the BAU unit chief?" Derek asked.

"Reid could tell you." Of course, it wasn't a random intruder. Dave forced himself to relax his white-knuckled grip and pulled a hand away from the steering wheel to flex it. He wished to God he didn't have to say the next thing. "They found a Glock 17 on the floor too. They said it had been reported stolen from an FBI agent in Boston several months ago." He glanced over at Derek. "It had been fired twice."

He was expecting Derek to explode. Instead, the younger man just stared at him for a long time. Then he slowly shook his head. "No," he muttered. "No, no no. That...that can't be..."

"He could have gotten rid of it," Dave said. It was possible. Not probable, but possible.

"Foyet. George Foyet. Fucking bastard." Derek's voice was still too quiet. Too controlled. Dave almost wanted him to explode. He knew what to do with Derek's temper--you just rode out the explosion and a few minutes later he'd be seeing sense. But this calm, this was something Dave didn't think he'd seen before. He didn't know how to take it.

"We'll get him," Dave promised. He took a corner too fast and felt the back wheels skid a little before he regained control. He eased up a little on the gas, but then he felt himself straining forward in his seat, as if that would make them get there faster. "Hotch is counting on us."

"I hope so," Derek whispered. He rubbed his face with a hand and said something else that Dave didn't catch.

"What?" he prompted. But Derek didn't repeat it.

They pulled into the apartment parking lot with a squeal of tires. Derek had the door open before Dave had even finished braking. Dave was barely moments behind, and they were pounding up the stairs to the crime scene.

When they got inside, they found crime scene analysts all over, taking pictures, collecting fibers, doing their thing. The police detective in charge of the scene saw them arrive and came over.

"Agent Rossi? Detective Markham. It's a pleasure to meet you, but I wish it were under different circumstances. We've put a rush on processing all the evidence. Your technical analyst said she would work on the 911 call. We've lifted prints off the gun, and I'm getting those processed as we speak."

"No need," Dave said. "Your perp is a man by the name of George Foyet. He's killed over thirty people in Boston over the past ten years, and he targeted Agent Hotchner specifically."

Markham got a recalcitrant expression on his face. It was one Dave got really damned tired of seeing on local cops. Why couldn't they understand that the BAU was there to help them, dammit? He felt like he wasted more time explaining things to the cops than actually looking for the bad guys.

"No offense, Agent Rossi, but I'd like to run the prints."

"Go ahead," Dave said. "Foyet's the guy who assaulted Agent Morgan here and stole his Glock. We know who he is and how he operates. So while you're wasting your time and resources running prints, the BAU is going to be looking for George Foyet."

Markham looked at Derek. "That your gun?" he asked, gesturing to it.

"Looks like it. But you said you already ran the serial number, and it's registered to me. So maybe you oughta take on faith that we know what we're talking about." Derek wasn't being any friendlier than Dave. Which wasn't a surprise under the circumstances, but usually he did a better job at sweet-talking people than Dave did.

Markham all but rolled his eyes. "Okay, how about you guys work your angle while I work mine, huh? I'll share all my information freely if you'll do the same."

Dave shrugged. "We already have," he said. "You didn't like it."

"What time did Agent Hotchner arrive home?"

"It's hard to say, but I know he left Quantico at the same time I did," Dave said. "We walked out to the parking lot together. He got a call on his cell phone when we were almost at my car. It sounded like he was talking to his son, but I wouldn't swear to that." He would, actually, and he was planning on calling Haley and Jack the minute they got out of here, to see how long they talked.

Detective Markham was nodding as he took notes.

"Did you stick around for any of that conversation?" he asked.

"Didn't see any reason to," Dave admitted. "Hotch said he was heading home, so I took him at his word. I assume he went straight home, but I'd have to check his phone records against the time of the 911 call to be sure."

"Yeah, we'll do that," Markham said. "I suppose I can pretty much count on you feds working this case." He didn't look too hopeful that Dave was going to dash his hopes, and Dave didn't see any reason to disillusion him.

He opened his mouth to reply, but Derek spoke first.

"Yeah, you can," he said. He got up in Markham's space, and Dave saw, not for the first time, how incredibly imposing Derek could be when he needed to. "And you can count on us being the ones that find him."

Derek shouldn't be sexy when he was threatening a local cop. Shouldn't be. But without question, he was.

***

Derek stormed out of Hotch's apartment pissed off at himself, Foyet, and the world, in that order. He could tell Rossi was behind him, but he didn't pay any attention. He didn't give a shit what Rossi had to say. Derek just wanted to find something--or someone--to hit. Hard.

"Derek--"

"Save it, Rossi," Derek bit out, cutting him off.

"Save what? You don't even know what the hell I was gonna say."

"Don't care, either," Derek said. He paused and wheeled to glare at Rossi. "I don't care if you were gonna tell me not to blame myself. I don't care if you were gonna promise me that we're gonna catch Foyet. I don't care if you were gonna ask me what we should do first. I don't even fucking care if you were about to tell me the sky is falling. Just get out of my space and leave me the fuck alone."

Dave didn't look impressed. "What exactly do you think any of us could have done differently?" he asked. "Hotch could have moved, changed his name, gone into hiding? You could have magically kept from being knocked out? Granted, your head is hard enough, but obviously even you have your limitations."

"Fuck off, Rossi!" Derek burst out.

To his shock, Rossi lunged forward instead, grabbing Derek by the shoulders in a move that almost got him punched in the gut. Instead, once Derek realized Rossi wasn't trying to hurt him, he had to focus his attention on pulling his punch, so Rossi had born him back against the wall and was in his face before Derek quite realized what was going on.

"Do you think you're the only Goddamn person who loves Hotch? You think you've got a monopoly on blaming yourself? Think there's a mystical connection between you and Foyet that should have let you know what he was intending?" Rossi laughed derisively. "Get over yourself, Derek! You're only one man, and you're only human. You couldn't have known what was going to happen any more than the rest of us did. And while you're a smart man with your own talents, you're not a special unique snowflake who has the right to brood because Hotch is gone."

Derek stared at him, opened his mouth, but couldn't form any words.

"I'm sick to fucking death of your drama queen habits, and I'll tell you right now that it's not going to fly. Not here, not now. Not while Aaron is out there somewhere, hurt, probably scared, and counting on us to find him and make things right." Dave's hands squeezed Derek's shoulders. "He's relying on us. You, me, JJ, Emily, Spencer, Garcia. Us. He knows damn well that no local cop in the world is gonna find Foyet in time. But we know Foyet. We've hunted him once, and we'll hunt him again. So get the fuck over yourself and get to work."

Rossi let go of him and pulled away, and only then did Derek realize that they'd been pressed hard against each other. Rossi's fingers were probably going to leave bruises. And Derek was breathless with something more than anger.

He leaned against the wall, nursing hurt feelings and the sickness of guilt, and couldn't deny that Rossi was one sexy motherfucker.