3. – Puppets

I feigned a yawn to cover a sneer and masked it all with the back of my hand. The interminable bureaucracy of Esset had not died; time and action slid further away with every damned meeting.

“Yes, yes, we’ve heard this all before,” I cut in. “You’re very good at telling us what we do not have. I’m rather more interested in what we do have, Herr Edelmann.” My lips curled into a smile as the young despot squirmed. He had come here to become a teacher, fresh from the officer’s corps in Berlin, and now fancied himself our better. Very well, let him prove himself.

Edelmann glared at me, then addressed the assembly. “As I was saying, we know that the revered Elders are no longer with us, and we suspect that the field team of Herr Crawford was involved in their demise. We have searched their apartments and canvassed the vicinity, to no avail. Divers have found no trace among the wreckage.”

As the pompous little man droned on, I studied my fellows. Most were far too young. Aside from Garrick and Mendez, I would be the oldest here, and that at barely forty. These arrogant pretenders didn’t know what they were looking for, and they had no clue how to find it. They did, however, hold our lives as hostage. My teeth clenched against the bitter taste of that fact.

“Our stronger telepath units are even now being deployed to Japan, in a wide-angle search dispersal. They should be able to triangulate on the targets within a matter of days.”

“Presuming, of course, that they are still on those islands,” Garrick pointed out, his tone at once bored and frosty. “Come now, what makes you think Crawford would keep his team within the search zone? He knows procedure, why would he sit and wait for us to come fetch him up like a lost puppy? Logic, man!”

A smile tugged at my lips, drawn by an idea of flawless strategy. I wallowed in my certainty for a few moments, watching the interaction between Herr Garrick and Herrchen Edelmann as the two began a stare-down across the table. Hesitation had the power to make some things sweeter, and the coming moments should be sweet.

Twenty-four days of hyperbole and rhetoric, of accusations and finger pointing. Three weeks plus three, dead and gone, never to be had again. Plenty of time for a resourceful team leader to devise a plan and execute it. They could be anywhere, and this young buffoon couldn’t think of a more effective use of our time than to sit in meetings and discuss it ad nauseam.

The room fell silent. Edelmann had lost the staring contest, turning away with clenched jaw. If our little Napoleon were armed or willing to use his gift, and if he were the fool we thought he was, Garrick would be a dead man by nightfall.

I cleared my throat and raised my hand, the glove seeming to draw light to it in the overcrowded room.

“What is it, Schoenberg?” Edelmann snapped, clearly at the end of his patience.

My voice did not betray my smile as I said, “It is customary, is it not, in the event of an accident, to question any eyewitnesses present? Tell me, who were the last persons to see Crawford’s team alive?”

Edelmann frowned, thinking hard. But not hard enough. “The Elders. What’s your point, General?”

“No, you idiot,” I stated, making my point without delicacy, “I mean who are themselves still alive! I am not a trance medium, nor have I ever met one of any accuracy.”

The room once again fell silent, but this time my colleagues glanced from one to another with new interest.

Edelmann had just lost his fragile new command.

“Kritiker,” Mendez observed, nodding confirmation. He addressed me alone as he said, “There were swarms of Kritiker agents that day, Konrad. Our operatives dealt with a number of them, but traditionally that organization uses heavy backup.”

“And we have no idea what happened within the chambers,” commented a young teacher whose face was not familiar; probably a physical talent. “There was a fire, of course, most likely the armory. This compromised the structure of the building itself, but we have no way of knowing if it was set on purpose, or if it was an accident.”

“Don’t we?” I queried, once more firmly in control and quite pleased with that fact. I noticed that young Edelmann had seated himself in a far corner; I may yet find worth in that one. At least he knew when to concede. “Don’t we? Surely we have one or two telemetrists left among the fold?”

The speaker blanched. “You mean have someone read the debris from a fire that devoured at least three hundred and sixty lives, General Schoenberg? Do you know what that could do to a reader?”

“Yes,” I replied. “I do.” I steepled my hands on the table, noting as I did so a smudge on my left glove. I frowned at it, then turned my attention back to the assembly. Twenty-eight pairs of eyes were fixed on me, as it should be. “Gentlemen, ladies, I confess that I have presumed that finding this missing team ranked high in your priorities. If this is not the case, then please, allow me to withdraw the suggestion. We should perhaps take a few minutes to clarify our objectives.” My gaze traveled from the first pair of eyes to the next, surveying the crowd one by one.

“We do need to know what went wrong,” Mendez murmured, “and Schwarz would be the only reliable witnesses. They were closest to the Elders. If they still live, they alone would know the truth of it.”

“Perhaps not,” Garrick offered. “There were Kritiker agents present. Could Schwarz have been captured?”

“There are several avenues of information,” I reminded them. “I still recommend the reader, along with a thorough forensics review. That, and…find out who, precisely, was present in the name of Kritiker, who is not among their listing of the dead.”

A/N:

Herrchen – diminutive version of Herr (“little Mister”), meant here as an insult.

Telemetrist – Rosenkreuz term for object reader, rather than the traditional term “psychometrist”. The initials “TM” are used for their object readers while “PM” is reserved for the psychometabolic talent family. Similarly, telekinetic (“TK”) instead of psychokinetic, as “PK” refers to pyrokinesis, a different animal entirely.