
The Incident at Your House  -  (An `Incident' Fantasy)
MF reluc oral toys force anal


Warning.!  Adult Material - Adult Themes - Adult Content  -  Warning.!
This material is copyrighted.  Oscar Hargraves 2011.
This is a work of Fantasy and Fiction.  It is NOT a true story and is not based on any known facts.  Any resemblance between names, places and characters in this story to anyplace or anyone, living or deceased is purely coincidental.  The author does NOT support or condone the behaviors portrayed here.  This work is copyrighted and you do NOT have permission to copy, post or use this for any reason except your own personal reading pleasure.  Copyright Oscar Hargraves, 2011.  By continuing to read beyond this point you are guaranteeing: 
1.)  You understand the above statement and agree to the limitations below.
2.)  You are NOT an agent of the government, 
3.)  You are not affiliated in any way with any law enforcement agency,
4.)  You are not breaking any laws in your area by reading this material.


	I walk in and find you where I left you.  You are lying on the bed face down with your hands tied behind your back and your ankles tied together.  My gag is still in your mouth preventing you from crying out.  
I have decided that I want to have some fun with your body and I don't want you to be able to stop me.  I reach under the bed and pull up the straps that are normally wrapped around the mattress to hold your wrist and ankle restraints.  This time however I pull the straps over the top of your body and snug them down securing you helplessly face down to the top of the mattress.  One strap is across your shoulders and the other one has you held just below the knees.

My hand finds the bag located close by and I extract the huge long dildo that is secreted there.  My other hand has found the lube and a tiny bit is applied to the tip of this massive soft rubber cock.  Then I force my hand down between your tethered legs and slowly drive this huge member between your tiny pussy lips going deeper and deeper until the head is tightly pushed up against your cervix at the top of your cunt.

Again my hand dips into the bag and this time it returns bearing a large butt-plug.  A small amount of lube is applied to the top of this and the tip is positioned at the opening to your dark cavern.  Just a little pressure to open the gate and then one huge shove drives this hard invader all the way up your butt `til the entire thing is buried in your tight brown hole.  I receive a satisfying grunt from you for my efforts.

Now I locate the leather paddle that I want to use.  This is the nice flat hard one that can turn your ass cheeks cherry red in no time at all.  I stand there and look down at your wonderful tiny butt for just a moment and enjoy the feelings that are coursing thru my blood.  Then I raise the paddle and bring it down with a resounding whack hard on your ass.  I enjoy the way you buck and fight the restraints as the color starts to appear on those tiny cheeks.  After a moment's delay I smack you again, ensuring that the paddle finds a slightly different spot on your legs.  I watch as you fight and cry and try to move but there is no escaping what's coming.  Then I start.  One after another the red patches appear on your ass and legs as the paddle raises and falls time after time.  I started out carefully aiming and taking my time with each swing of the paddle, but soon I'm wrapped up in what I'm doing and the passions take over as I repeatedly spank you. 
I've thrown the paddle aside now and I'm using my hand.  I watch and enjoy as you buck and fight against my restraints with each slap of my hard hand on your rear and legs.  The sting of your tight skin as my hand descends time after time to spank your little butt is exciting me even further.  I am enjoying this immensely and the more you cry and fight the better I like it.  The feeling of power is unbelievable as it races thru my blood and blurs my vision and my judgment with lust.

Now it's time for the coupe de gratis.  Reluctantly I stop spanking your ass and release the straps that are securing you to the bed.  With your hands still behind your back and your ankles tied together you are at my complete mercy.  I check to be sure that the dildo and butt-plug are still in place completely filling your two lower openings.  Twisting the dildo while I pull it out and then roughly shove it back into your cunt gets me a satisfying reaction of pain across your face.  I do this several times to enjoy the view before continuing on to the next step.

With both hands I grab you and spin you around on the bed until you are facing me where I stand.  My hands work quickly as I tie the rope between your wrist cuffs and those on your ankles.  With one quick tug I pull the rope taut arching your back and bringing your hands and feet together behind you.  One knot and then two secure the rope and ensure that you will stay in that position until I decide to release you.

This gives me the perfect opportunity to enjoy those great soft melons on your chest.  In this position they stick out nicely and invite my fingers to squeeze and pinch those large brown nipples as they hang there temptingly.  First the fingers squeeze gently but soon the lust drives them deeper into your yielding flesh and I feel the glands inside as I continue to kneed and dig at your boobs and abuse them.

My next move is to remove the gag in your mouth.  I untie it and let it drop but before you can speak or protest I quickly replace it with the head of my hard cock.  You try to stop me and keep your mouth closed but I grab your hair and force my hard dick into your mouth and up against the back of your throat.  I tell you that you will either suck me or I'll gag you by driving that rod down your throat and hold it there 'til you turn blue.  You know I mean it and I'd do it.  Reluctantly you begin to work your tongue and lips around my throbbing member.  I start to gyrate my hips and stroke my shaft in and out of your hot mouth while you use your tongue to further excite me.  I also notice the smell of your hot sex and I can tell that this treatment is really getting you excited too.

In almost no time at all I'm at the brink.  Soon I feel that searing heat and the surge of my jism as it rises out of my balls and races along the bottom of my throbbing cock towards it's ultimate escape route at the tip.  I grab your head with both hands and drive my cock into the back of your mouth.  With my fingers wrapped tightly in your hair, I hold your head in place and tell you that you'd better swallow every drop ...OR ELSE.!  Valiantly you try to swallow even more of my pulsing member knowing instinctively that this is what I want.  There is an instant of motion as you slip your head ever so slightly down and I feel the head of my dick slide past your tonsils and into your throat gagging you completely.  Then I can't hold back anymore and I salvo once, twice and finally a third time as my hot man-spunk leaps from the tip of my cock into your waiting mouth and straight down your throat into your tummy.  I continue to hold your head tight forcing that man-meat into you until your face is pushed tightly into my pubic hairs while you fight and gag until you have swallowed every drop of my cum.  Then I tell you to carefully lick and clean me as I slowly pull back and withdraw my dick from your lips.

When I'm sure you've really swallowed all of my cum I push you back onto your side on the bed and roughly pull out that dildo.  Then I grab the butt-plug and rip it out of your tiny brown shit-chute, again receiving a grunt and a cry for my effort.  I toss both of these onto the bed alongside you and I walk away into the bathroom to clean up.

Several minutes later when I return I untie you and tell you to take the toys and get yourself cleaned up too.  Then you can get me a beer and something to eat.  No, you can't put any clothes on.  I enjoy watching you naked in the kitchen and I may want to play with you after I eat.   I figure you don't need to eat anything since I just fed you a nice hot meal.
After I've eaten is when I tell you that I'm going in and sit on the couch to watch TV.  If you want some of YOUR sex this afternoon then it's your job to get me hard again to give it to you.  You are perfectly welcome to lay on the couch with your head in my lap and get started now.!  If you do a good job of working on my rod I might just bend you over the back of that couch and shove it up one hole and then the other to see if I can get your rocks off.  `Course if that back hole is still sore from the reaming that huge butt-plug gave it, then I wouldn't think of hurting you by taking my hard cock and slamming it in and out of there.......yeah, right.!

