Although not entirely agreeing with Ethan’s theory that he was Rimmer’s bitch, Lister decided to take his advice and leave it to Rimmer to decide what they were going to do for their anniversary. Looking back on it later, Lister realised that things could have gone very differently if he’d asserted his right as a man to do the organising, but hindsight is never much comfort in these circumstances.

One night, after Rimmer had rolled off Lister with a deeply satisfied sigh and they’d curled into their favourite post-coital position – with him spooned against Lister’s back – Rimmer made his push.

“There’s something I’ve been meaning to talk to you about,” he murmured into Lister’s ear.

“Mmm?” Lister managed, already drifting off to sleep.

“You might be a little shocked. I’ll understand if you decide you don’t want to discuss it.”

“What is it?” Lister yawned.

“Well...” Rimmer slipped his arm around him and pulled him back tighter against his chest so he could nuzzle the back of his neck. Lister smiled sleepily and wriggled so that his butt fit more snugly into Rimmer’s lap. “...You know I love you, don’t you?”

“Of course I do,” he whispered.

“And you know how our anniversary is coming up? Well, I thought it might be fun to do something a bit wild...?” He made the last part a question and Lister, despite being half-asleep, picked up on it. “I’m listening...”

“It’s just that I’ve noticed recently that I’m not the only one who thinks you’re gorgeous round here.”

Lister laughed softly and squeezed his hand, “You’re so daft sometimes, man.”

“I know, but I don’t think I’m being daft about this. I think Jason’s got the hots for you. That necklace he gave you for Christmas...and he always seems to be staring at you...”

“Silly,” Lister said weakly, but he could feel his heartbeat had quickened.

“So,” Rimmer continued cautiously, “I was thinking of asking him if he’d have a threesome with us.”

Lister’s eyes flew wide open. “What?!”

Wide-awake now, he rolled over in Rimmer’s arms so they were face to face. “Are you serious?”

“I know it sounds odd,” Rimmer said, “But the more I thought about him wanting you, the less jealous I got and I started to feel kind of...turned on by it. That somebody else wants you and can’t have you because you’re mine.” 

He leaned over and gave the stunned Lister a gentle kiss on the lips. “I started to imagine inviting him over for dinner one night,” he continued softly, “And I’d be so loving to you; kissing and stroking you in front of him so that he’d be going mad with jealousy and the desire to touch you. And then, just as he’s about to leave because he can’t take it anymore, I say, “What? No kiss goodnight?” And as he kisses you, I start to take your clothes off...And between us we strip you and tease you and fuck you all night long. And even though he’ll have had that one night of sharing you with me, he’ll know you’ll never be his and that he can never have you again. Only now he’ll know exactly what he’s missing.”

Lister let out his breath. “Rimmer...That’s...” He didn’t know quite how to complete the sentence. Beautiful? Twisted? Cruel? The most fucking erotic thing I’ve ever heard in my life? All sleepiness was gone now and he had another erection, a huge one at that, but still... “I don’t know. I think it would upset you more than you think. You do get jealous, after all,” he pointed out cautiously.

“Lister,” Rimmer reached over to touch his face, “Don’t you understand? This proves how much I trust you! That’s why it’s such a turn on! Because I know that when it’s all over, he’ll be the one who has to go home alone while you fall asleep in my arms. That’s the beauty of it! It doesn’t damage our bond, it strengthens it! The knowledge that after he’s been and gone we’ll still have each other.” He gazed deep into Lister’s eyes, “That he couldn’t take you from me. That you’re still mine and always will be.”

Lister said nothing for a moment, just stared back into Rimmer’s eyes; then, reassured by what he saw there, broke into a smile. “Kiss me, you soppy smeghead!”