This is a true story of a wild hookup I had when I was a young professor with a student who was, unbeknownst to me until we were in the midst of it, a Japanese porn star. This was also my first affair. Names have been changed.

I can still remember the first time I saw Alex. I was scrolling through Facebook during Thanksgiving break and spotted him in a picture with some other students I'd worked with years prior. He was astonishingly beautiful, an Asian man with an amazing body. His devotion to lifting was obvious even through clothes. He had an infectious smile that made my stomach quiver. I clicked on his profile, surprised to see that while he wasn't in my area at the University, he was in a closely related one. It was unusual that we hadn't met given this, and I knew instantly that I had to change that, if I could. I had a gut feeling that we were meant to connect.

In February, I received an email to be a last minute substitute at a professional event close by for a colleague whose travel was cancelled due to weather. On a break during the event, I bumped into Melissa. I'd known her as a student and we'd continued occasional work together in her early career, but hadn't seen her in a while. In passing we agreed to get a drink when we got back in town later that evening. I didn't think much about it, but a few hours later my phone buzzed with an invite.
"Hey, Matt! Headed out with some friends. Wanna join?" she texted.
"I think I'm just staying in," I replied. I'd really been strict on my diet since the New Year and was trying to avoid going out. This was made easier by the fact that my partner of many years, and soon to be husband, had been away on business for a couple months. He'd be home in a few more weeks, and I'd been pretty cooped up. Well... maybe...
"Actually, who are you with?" I texted again.
"My friend Alex. Join us!" came her reply.
Wow— this was it! A chance to meet him. I had to accept. "K, 30 min." I replied. I showered and changed into one of my cutest outfits. When I got to the restaurant, they were just getting served food. I ordered a drink.
I wish I could say that the evening was amazing, but I found Alex to be quiet and standoffish. He dropped the conversation anytime I tried to include him and rarely held eye contact with me. After a couple drinks, I excused myself and they went elsewhere to keep the party going. I felt disappointed when I sat down in my car to head home. This had not gone well. All looks, no personality. I mentally wrote off Alex.
Much to my surprise, a week later, a friend request popped up from him. Then a few days after that, a Facebook message asking if I'd be willing to help him with a project. I believe in second chances, so I agreed.
When we met, I chatted him up trying to be very personable. Finally after a few minutes of awkward conversation, I flat out asked him, "Are you going to relax and open up or is this just how you are?"
"It takes me time," Alex replied. So we focused on our work.
The layout of the room where we were working kept us a distance apart from each other, but at one point I needed to look at something with him and we stood together. When I moved close, I could feel my dick tingling in my pants. At that moment I knew something would happen between us.
"I like your cologne," I said, as I stood beside him.
"Is it too much?" he asked. "Sorry, I think my sense of smell is diminished."
"Come on," I said chuckling, "I didn't notice it until just now. Take the compliment. Alright, how about this," I proposed, "because I'm helping you, buy me a drink one day after working so we can get to know each other better. It'll help the project go more smoothly, don't you think?"
Alex agreed and we set the date. However, because of our crazy schedules and the work running long on the project, this ended up being a get together late on St. Patrick's Day. When we finally left the campus around 10 pm, he suggested heading to a place that'd be closing in an hour.
"Are we having just one drink?" I asked. "I know it's a Tuesday, but I want to enjoy this night and get to know you, not rush." I had no idea at this point how the night was going to go, but I wanted as much time with him as I could get.
After a quick Google search, he suggested a new bar I'd heard of, but not been to. It was a speakeasy, underground and dark, no windows, in retrospect a perfect venue for an affair. (I still think about this night whenever I go there now.) I volunteered to drive to maximize time together. As we drove, I remember flirting hard with him, touching his leg briefly once to emphasize a point I'd made. I was wondering if he was into me, what he was thinking and feeling. I assumed based on check-ins I'd seen on his Facebook that he was gay, but I didn't know his sexuality for certain yet.
After a couple of drinks, Alex opened up, a lot, and fast. We talked for hours about our pasts and our future dreams, which being in related fields, were nicely interconnected and gave us relatable common ground. He also came out to me.
"So what'd you do to celebrate St. Patrick's Day earlier, Alex?" I asked off- handedly, close to midnight. "Green beer?"
"Actually I did have a green beer after class, then went to the campus glory hole," he replied.
"Wait, what?!" I stuttered, spilling a bit of my martini.
"Do you know the website, Squirt? You can find places to cruise," he explained.
"OMG, of course I know the site exists, but I've never used it. And, yes, I know where the glory hole is on campus. My faculty mentor is gay and told me about it. I'd never go, though. The admin sends the campus police there every so often and it'd be just my luck that would happen when I was there. I never would have guessed you'd do things like that!" I exclaimed. What kind of double life was this seemingly shy guy leading?
In the days leading up to this date I'd been flirting with him, sending him goofy texts. The most egregious was sending a gif of Eugene Lee Yang in a European bathing suit smacking and wagging his package as an example of someone I found attractive to drop the hint that Alex would be my type. I'd been laying it on tonight too, but I was also nervous. He was a student at the university where I worked— though not my student— and I was a newly hired young professor. Although I was only a few years older than Alex, I didn't want to misread anything and screw up my career. But he definitely had a wild side if he was getting understall action earlier in the day. Maybe...
Alex continued the conversation unaware of my mental gymnastics. "I made a porn. Wanna see?"
"What?! Um, of course!" I replied, in disbelief. I expected him to show me a homemade video from his camera roll. I glanced at his phone as he got it out and it opened on the Squirt webpage, legitimizing his earlier story, and giving us both a laugh. When he handed it to me a moment later, he'd pulled up PornHub Japan and I was looking at a professionally produced video of him being spit roasted. I scrubbed through it, astounded. The volume on his phone was so loud in the bar, blaring sex sounds. I'm an iPhone guy and he's Android, so I'd didn't know how to turn it down and handed it back to him quickly.
"That's kind of awkward," he said, laughing and looking around the bar to see if we'd attracted attention.
I tried to pick my jaw up off the floor. "Uhhh, how did that come to happen?" I asked.
"I wrote to this porn duo I liked and told them when I'd be traveling to Japan, sent them pics and a video, and we set this up. It's actually a really popular gay movie in Japan," he admitted, still laughing.
"Oh, Alex," I said with wide eyes and shaking my head, mouth agape, "we're going to be very good friends." I put my hand on his thigh. I could see a prominent bulge in his jeans that hadn't been there earlier.
"Last call," the waitress interrupted, clearly ready to close.
"We're done here," I replied to her. "Bring the bill to me."
"That's generous. I was supposed to pay for your helping me," Alex reminded.
"Nonsense," I said, settling the bill quickly. "Come back to my place, Alex. We're not done with each other yet tonight."
"I can't," he said, "I have a dog... My place?"
"Alright then, let's check on your dog," I compromised.
Alex lived less than 10 minutes from the bar. I drove there with one hand on the wheel and the other drifting between his knee and his groin. I was already hard and leaking in my pants with anticipation. This was clearly about to go down. When we walked in to his apartment, he introduced me to his dog.
"Should we walk him?" I asked.
"Oh, he's fine," Alex replied, "I have to pee, though."
While he was in the bathroom, I took in his apartment, petting his dog. Why had he wanted to come here if the dog was fine? Also, I hadn't been in student housing in a while; this place was messy. I started to check out what video games he had on the shelf when I heard him coming back. He was texting on his phone as he walked in front of me toward his couch. I couldn't wait another instant. He had this energy that transformed me into an Alpha.
I grabbed Alex from behind and started to feel up his muscular chest. I stuck my nose in his hair inhaling deeply and then started kissing his cheek. Our slight height difference put us at the perfect levels for this to happen. He tilted his head back, opened his mouth, and moaned. I continued to kiss him, now on his neck, and ran my hands down his body. My left hand found a fast growing bulge in his jeans, making him gasp, and I massaged his cock, feeling it get hot and hard in my hand.
"What do you think of beards?" I asked, feeling my stubble rub against his face. I'm a blonde haired, blue eyed guy, somewhat hairy between otter/bear and I had three day stubble that I'd shaped so it looked neat. I could tell he was totally smooth and couldn't grow much facial hair. We always want what we don't have, right?
"Beards are ok. Your stubble look is great," Alex murmured between moans.
I spun him toward me and pulled his shirt off. I took a moment to appreciate what I was seeing. His body was incredible. I could see why he'd been a porn model: broad shoulders, sculpted pecs, and a flat stomach with hints of abs, but not too much muscle and not too cut where the person can start to look unnatural. Without doubt, he was the most 'Greek God' type I'd ever been with. He had a narrow, faint treasure trail that disappeared into his pants. I bent down and licked, sucked, and pinched his nipples, first the right and then the left. They must've been incredibly sensitive based on the sounds he was making.
I stood and started kissing him again as I undid his belt and jeans. He tilted his head back and opened his mouth, reminding me of a baby bird. I don't know if I've ever been with someone more purely bottom— he was completely receptive to everything. He simply stood there, waiting, willing, open, and enjoying.
Alex's jeans dropped, revealing pink Calvin Klein boxer briefs and a delicious looking bulge pointing to his left. As he stepped out of them, I noticed that unlike his smooth torso, his legs were hairy. I dropped to my knees and could see a few wet spots on his Calvins, no doubt from earlier arousal, and a growing wet patch forming by the tip of his dick. I traced my hand along the length of his cock.
"I have an underwear fetish," I admitted. "Normally I'd draw this part out, but I'm too horny." I stuck my hands in the back of his boxer briefs, grabbed his small, muscular ass and pulled him toward me. He moaned loudly, just as he would continue to do all night, either not shy to show, or unable to contain, a vocal appreciation of each sensation.
I quickly shucked his underwear. Again, I paused, sitting back on my feet for a moment to take in the view. His broad shoulders and perfect pecs tapered down to his Adonis belt. His whole upper body was a V, basically an arrow that pointed straight to his dick. I ran my hands all over him from my lowered position, worshiping his muscles.
"Great dick!" I said, as I admired it from eye level on my knees. It was fully engorged, but not yet rising away from his body. His cock was perfect, similar to mine, average sized, but on his 5' 7" body and his toned, athletic 145 lb frame (3 inches shorter and almost 50 lbs less than me) it looked massive.
"Thanks. I see it all the time," he smirked, wagging it back and forth in front of me hypnotically.
"I'm surprised you're cut," I mused. I am too.
"I was born in America," Alex explained.
"And such short pubes!" I added. They were trimmed way down, maybe a half inch or less.
"Usually I keep my pubes much shorter." I could only imagine that meant he shaved.
I grabbed his dick in one hand and smacked it repeatedly against my face, dragging it along my stubble. This made him suck in his breath at the sensation. I lifted it to see his nuts, which were normal in size and somewhat low hanging but not saggy. I rolled them in my fingers and then sucked them lightly, looking up to make eye contact with him, his dick lying across my face, while he moaned and whined, pinching his own nipples.
"I was not expecting this," he gasped.
"You weren't?!" I asked in disbelief. "After the flirtatious texts? And then tonight?" I froze, his cock in my hand. "This is completely consensual, right?"
"Absolutely," Alex replied smiling, ruffling my hair.
That was all I needed to hear. I started sucking his cock, trying to give the best blowjob of my life. His dick hardened completely and started precumming a LOT. When fully erect, the head of his dick was plump and filled my mouth nicely, but I was delighted that I could still get his whole cock in my mouth without gagging. It was nearly straight, like mine, but whereas I have an upward curve, he had the slightest downward curve now that he was fully aroused. He moaned and whined continuously.
I stopped for a moment and looked up at him, cock still in hand to say, "Damn, you precum a lot." The taste was sweet and aromatic, still vividly in my mind as I write.
"Yeah, I'm a faucet when turned on," Alex admitted.
I spun him around and parted his ass checks with my hands. His hole was slightly hairy, trimmed to be very neat and short. I dove straight in, not caring at all about when he'd last showered. He'd obviously been prepared as he was impeccably clean. He squealed and squirmed, bending over to allow more access. I ran my tongue all around his hole and teased him with my stubble, which made him shiver and whine.
I twisted him back around and saw that his raging boner was dripping a strand of precum nearly to the carpet. After licking that up, he gently pulled my shoulders upward. I stood and he took my hand, leading me into his bedroom.
Alex reached in a drawer, pulling out a nearly empty tube of lube and handing it to me. He turned back to face me and I shoved him down on his bed. I ripped my shirt, pants, and underwear off, then squirted some lube on my hand. Reaching my middle finger into his ass, I massaged his prostate with a 'come here' motion. His face squinted and he whimpered while twitching. His dick was dancing, flexing in pleasure, with a string of precum dripping onto his stomach, which I bent down to lick up every so often. Needless to say, I was rock hard and as ready for the next step as he.
I lubed my dick with the last squeeze from his depleted tube and some spit, then tossed the empty tube in a corner of the messy room where, though I had no idea, I imagined a trash can might be. "Sorry," I chuckled, "you need to get more of that."
I put his legs on my shoulders and bent him heels over head. "I can't wait for this," I whispered, smiling as I looked in his eyes, teasing his hole with my cock. I slowly entered him; the feeling was heaven. I held still for a moment not just to give him time to adjust to me inside him, but also to savor the feeling of his ass spasming lightly around me. I started thrusting slowly and took in the scene. He lay there, locked into eye contact with me, probably the most beautiful man I've ever fucked. I began to speed up and all the while his moans grew in volume. I was certain his neighbors in the adjoining apartments must be waking up.
"Really pound me," he begged. I pressed my shoulders into his legs hard, putting his knees by his ears, and sped up, using the full length of my dick like a jackhammer. My balls were slapping against his ass. His eyes rolled back in ecstasy. Thankfully, all of the foreplay had been about him; he hadn't done much to me. Otherwise there's no way I could have delivered the kind of fuck he clearly craved. After a minute of maximum intensity, with him squealing LOUDLY, I relaxed and slowed.
His dick was now on his belly, sitting in a puddle of precum, which was running down the side of his stomach and onto the bed. I took his dripping cock in hand and started stroking in rhythm with my fucking. He grabbed the back of my head and pulled me toward him. We kissed sloppily, all the while he was whimpering and whining with each pump.
"This. feels. so. goooOooOOood!" Alex cried, one word with each thrust and then his voice breaking into a yodel as he sustained the final word. Damn! Hearing a guy get so vocal was new for me and a tremendous turn on. Instantly, I was dangerously close.
I paused, dick inside him, pulled him closer, and adjusted his legs on my shoulders. I ran my hands up and down his legs, even massaging his feet for a moment. I took some deep breaths to calm down from the edge while I pinched his nipples. Even not moving, just feeling the twitching of his ass around my dick was pushing me toward orgasm.
I grabbed his dick, pressing my hand down hard into his nut sack and then pulling up, stroking its length with a slow twisting motion. I matched this rhythm with very slow thrusts. I took advantage of my long dick, going from the very tip just touching his hole to burying it inside him with my balls pressed tightly against his ass. I accidentally pulled out a little too far and my dick popped out. It thwacked loudly against my stomach, pointing at the ceiling. I was so hard, it was almost painful to push it down enough to line back up with his hole. When I inserted again and felt his ass encase me, a big puff of air escaped my lips and my eyelids fluttered. Despite my slow pace, I could feel my nuts tingling and tightening. As much as I wanted to, I just couldn't last much longer. For the first time all night, a worry went through my mind: would I be able to satisfy a porn star?
Alex seemed to read my mind and reached up again, running his fingers through my hair. "Your dick feels so amazing inside me. You're so fucking hard right now," he whispered. Panting and gasping, growing in volume he continued, "I don't know... how much longer... I can hold..." I could see a pleading in his eyes that immediately alleviated my worry. His ass was tightening around my dick, his dick swelling in my hand. We were at the same place.
"Shoot it everywhere," I instructed him.
His dick burst in my hand, spraying thick ropes of cum all over his torso. Feeling the spasms of his ass around my cock put me over the edge and at the same moment I buried my load deep inside him. He continued whining and moaning during my last thrusts with a slight change in tone as happens once the bottom has blown and the pleasure begins to morph. Before I pulled out, I scooped up some of his load off his stomach in my hand and put it on my tongue. Then I smeared a second handful on his face and mouth, which he eagerly licked up.
I lay beside him, holding him. "Alex, I knew we would have a special connection the first time I saw you. I want to know you forever, even when we're old and gray." He turned toward me, brushed the side of my face, leaned in, and kissed me. We lay there a sweaty, sticky mess, holding each other for several minutes until he yawned. I realized it was nearly three in the morning and I had to teach later that day. He handed me a towel to clean up and we got dressed quickly. I drove him back to campus where he'd parked. He thanked me for an awesome night. We kissed passionately before he got out of my car.  
Alex and I have continued to collaborate together professionally for many years now. Though we live far apart, we occasionally meet when we travel for work. We've become good friends as well. Of all the hookups in my life, not only did this check the box I had of wanting to sleep with a porn star, but it's also so memorable because of the lasting connection we've made. There are plenty other stories I could share about Alex, but to date, this is my favorite.