Entry tags: 

bdsm, my fic, rps, sex corps, supernatural

Fic: Seven Days to the Wolves (JA/JDM) Sex Corps (3/4) 

Part 1 - Part 2 - Part 3 - Part 4

Jeff watched Jensen sleep. He had slid out from the covers as soon as he was certain he wouldn't wake the other man up. A glass of water sat on the table next to the bed, along with some toast from his kitchenette, in case Jensen woke up hungry. Jeff had pulled on his sleep pants, and dropped into his desk chair and just watched Jensen's chest rise and fall, his eyelashes curved over his still flushed cheeks.

God, if the kid gave that much of himself every time he did this, it was a wonder he could hold it together at all. Jeff didn't know if all of Jensen's scenes were like this or if it was something just between the two of them. He snorted, yeah, old man, you'd like to think that, wouldn't you? He'd like to imagine some sort of connection, built on nothing more than their bodies. Jeff knew better, knew that it was duty that bound them, instead of mutual liking, an attraction that might be turned to something more and a sharp spark of lust couldn't change that.

He could use a drink, Jeff thought, thinking longingly of the whiskey Rick had given him before he joined the Reclamation crew. It would be irresponsible for him to indulge, but he missed the burn of it down his throat right at the moment.

How much of that was an act? He wondered. Women, he knew, could fake orgasms, but Jensen couldn't hide his body's responses, couldn't fake one like that. He had looked so at home on his knees, so desperate for whatever Jeff could give him. And when he had finally come – clamping down on Jeff's cock like a vice – it had been a revelation. Maybe, Jeff thought, just maybe they had a chance of this whole thing working out.

The comm chimed on his personal terminal, flashing blue to indicate an off-ship call. Jeff pulled on his t-shirt from the gym that morning – still where he had tossed it on the back of his chair, sloppy that – and shifted the screen away from the bed and Jensen before he flicked it on. "Morgan," he said.

An image of a young man came to life, flickering like all images from Earth tended to do out here. Even so, Jeff could see he was good looking, with shaggy dark hair, exotic looking eyes and a strong, pointed jaw. "Oh, hi," he said, in a deep baritone of a voice. "I'm looking for Jensen Ackles, someone transferred me to this comm signal."

Of course, Jeff thought, there had to be a boyfriend back home. What did he think, despite his job, Ackles didn't have any other lovers, any need for a connection beyond the sex required as part of his duty? A flare of anger rose in his chest and Jeff fought to push it down. He had no reason to be angry, he had known from the start this was for the mission. Jeff didn't have a claim on Jensen, despite the temporary collar around his throat.

"Yes, I can get him for you," Jeff said, reaching to flip the comm onto mute.

"Tell him it's Jared," the young man said.

Jeff nodded and hit the button. He moved to the bed, where Jensen curled on his side, arms tucked under the pillow, chest moving slowly with his soft snores. For a moment he hated to wake him, Ackles looked peaceful and much younger than his thirty-odd years. Jeff touched Jensen's shoulder, shaking him gently.

Jensen's eyes opened, and blinked up at him, cloudy with confusion. As he sat up and stretched, awareness returned to them. Jeff gestured to the bottle of water he had placed on the end table and waited until Jensen took a long drink before he spoke. "There is a call on the comm for you.

"He says his name is Jared."

Jensen's face changed completely, his eyes widening and eyebrows shot up high on his forehead. He bit his lip and Jeff could see him fighting to stay in character. "May I speak to him, sir?"

A dark part of Jeff wanted to tell him no. No, you can't talk to your little boyfriend. Not where Jeff had to hear anyway. But Jeff wasn't that petty. "You may," he said. "You have ten minutes."

Shadows darkened Jensen's face. But no anger showed in his tone as he asked. "May I wear clothes to speak with my brother?"

Jeff felt twelve kinds of foolish. The good-looking young man with the floppy hair was Jensen's brother, NOT his lover. He swallowed. There was no way to apologize, but Jeff could be less of an asshole of a master. "You may." Jeff turned and left Jensen in peace, retreating to the kitchenette in the corner of his quarters to give the soldier an illusion of privacy at least.

When he looked back, Jensen had pulled on a pair of sweat pants and a t-shirt from his duffel bag of clothes before sliding into the rolling chair in front of Jeff's terminal. He switched on the button and said softly, "Hey bro."

"You were supposed to call me yesterday." Jared's voice came accusingly from the speakers. Jeff was glad he hadn't lowered the sound any. He wanted to hear this, even if it did make him as bad as his sisters during a family barbecue. Jensen was such an enigma, Jeff didn't know anything about him other than he was damn good in bed and did that for a living.

"I'm sorry," Jensen said. "I'm in the middle of a mission, and it slipped my mind."

"You usually call before you go. Never heard from you during one before."

"This one is a little complicated." Jensen took in a deep breath of air and almost looked over his shoulder, catching himself at the last moment.

"I know, you can't talk about it." Jared sounded exasperated, but not surprised. "I wanted to show you the ring. Before you left and I couldn't get in touch with you."

Jensen laughed. "You're finally going to ask her? It's only been what, seven years."

"Shut up. You know I wanted to finish my residency first. Anyway, here."

Jeff couldn't see the picture from where he stood. He could only imagine what an engagement ring would look like and moved to the sink and started washing the glasses he had in the drying rack, just to distract his hands. There hadn't been a ring, with Katie. She wasn't exactly that type of woman.

"That Mom's?" Jensen asked, or at least, that's what Jeff made out over the sounds of the water. He turned off the sink and started to dry.

"…made it over for me," Jared was saying. "Do you think she'll like it?"

"Yeah, kid, I think she will."

"You gonna be my best man?"

"What makes you think she'll say yes?"

"Shut up."

"Jared," Jensen started, and then paused. "I'd be proud to be your best man."

"Thank you."

***

Jensen shut off the terminal after Jared cut the connection. Immediately afterward, he stripped off his clothing and dropped to his knees. Jeff had given him rules and he had to follow them. He hadn't called Jared yesterday, not having expected to be bound like this until actually leaving for the planet. Jensen always called his brother before going on a mission. They tried to pretend it wasn't because Jensen didn't expect to come back.

He didn't know what had crawled up Jeff's ass, the commander had taken a complete shift in persona at Jared's call, almost angry at something interrupting them. Maybe he didn't want the outside world to break in on this little experimental scene. Tough, Jensen thought, Morgan would have to be prepared to do this in public, as well as private

"That was your brother?" Morgan said, coming back around from the kitchenette. It had sounded like he had washed a million dishes in there.

"Yes, sir," Jensen answered, keeping his arms behind his back and his head lowered.

"You often have family call when you're on-duty?" Jeff sounded disappointed.

"Just my brother," Jensen said. He clenched his hands into fists, glad they were hidden behind him, where Jeff couldn't see. "Sir," he added at the last minute, noting the stormy expression on Jeff's face. It was hard to get back into the headspace he needed for this, having to break out so thoroughly to talk to Jared.

"He's the only one who finds it worth his time to talk to you?"

Jensen turned away, clamping his jaw shut, teeth grinding together as he fought not to answer. He didn't want to. "He's the only family I have."

"No parents?"

For a moment Jensen wondered if Jeff served as an interrogator for the Space Corps. He was like a dog stubbornly going after the same ball, again and again. "They're dead." Jensen knew his tone bordered on insubordinate, both military and sub, but damn it he didn't want to talk about this to a man he hardly knew. Before Jeff could ask any more he anticipated the next question. "They were killed. At Alfani."

Jeff drew back as if struck and Jensen felt a surge of satisfaction. He had known Jeff had been there, done something – stupid Hartley and his insinuations and Jensen with no time to find out exactly what had happened there.

If he couldn't gain control of his temper, they were done before this mission had even started. Jensen remembered his signals and moved so his hands rested on his thighs, where he put them into the position for "Stop." So stupid, he should have done this at the very first question. For some reason, Jeff got under his skin in a way Jensen hadn't experienced in a long time

"Do you…" Jeff stopped himself mid-question. "You have twenty minutes to shower and…groom. Get to it."

Jensen turned and crawled to the shower gratefully, glad for the reprieve. Once inside, he stood luxuriating under the warm water. Thank goodness this ship had been designed for comfort, for the long haul unlike the warships that barely had enough beds for the entire crew, the ships they didn't expect to last very long. He wondered what it would be like to visit 328, to find a planet of humans who didn't know entire galaxies of planets existed nor where they had come from. If anything could have gotten him interested in the Space Corps before everything happened, Jensen thought he could have gotten into the idea of this kind of exploration. Not the looking for new resources, for planets with the precious fuel the UP needed to power everything, or raw materials to create new and more powerful weapons, but just seeing what was out there.

He closed his eyes under the water and washed quickly, knowing he was on a time limit. Jensen tried to slip back into character, into the Sub he knew he could be. Something itched under his skin, keeping him on edge, even under the soothing patter of the water. Slipping out of the shower, he shrugged and stopped trying to force it. It would come, or it wouldn't. He could fake it if necessary, he had on more than one occasion. This was too important not to.

Jeff waited for him when he left the lavatory, sitting on the bed and just watching as Jensen crawled across the room towards him. He focused on the uneven feel of the carpet beneath his skin, scratchy and rough, the kind designed to deal with anything but bare flesh. Would it kill someone to actually put soft carpet in a military bedroom? Even the plain metal decking would be better for crawling, no chance of rug burn. Jensen swallowed to keep from laughing; perhaps he had been on his knees in far too many similar places.

"Are you hungry?" Jeff asked softly.

Jensen was about to say no, but he thought about it first, considering when he last ate. "Yes, sir."

"Get something from the kitchen. You may walk."

Jensen obeyed, conscious of Jeff's eyes glued to his bare buttocks as Jensen crossed the room. He found sandwich fixings in the tiny fridge, the only thing Jeff must have taken from supply. Only higher officers had these kitchenettes, the rest of the crew took their meals in the mess. Jensen filled a plate and carried it back into the bedroom. He placed it on the bed, then slid back to his knees, eying Jeff expectantly.

Jeff's brow furrowed, and he stared down at Jensen and then the food, clearly not putting two and two together. Jensen nearly rolled his eyes, but he merely took on the role, lifting the plate and holding it out to Jeff, flat on both of his palms while he held his mouth open. Finally, Morgan figured it out and reached out to pick up one of the pieces of sandwich, Jensen had cut it into bite-sized portions before bringing the food out here, and carefully fed the food to Jensen.

None of his teeth touched Jeff, but Jensen's lips clamped down on his finger, sucking on the digit before he could pull away. He looked up from under his lashes, giving Morgan the look that had ensnared so many others.

But Jeff didn't look aroused at all. His brow furrowed as he started down at Jensen, a strange expression on his face, he looked almost – disturbed.

Finally, Jensen thought, pulling away with one final lick on the very tip of Jeff's finger. Finally, he gets it. Jeff should be disturbed. Jensen would be entirely dependent on Jeff for everything on 328, and it was about time the man realized the weight of that responsibility. If it took feeding Jensen for him to understand, well, there were a hell of a lot worse ways for him to realize. At least he figured it out now and not in the middle of the mission.

Jeff fed him the rest of the sandwich, but Jensen refrained from any more finger sucking. It was mechanical, a duty to get through. Jeff wiped his hand on his lap after Jensen took the last piece. He cleared his throat. "I picked out clothes for you to wear. We're going to the officer's lounge tonight."

In public? Jensen felt a chill race down his spine. He never had a problem being put on display, the four years at the Academy had gotten rid of any sense of shame he had left. 
But this, this was different. The people at the lounge weren't Scuts, they weren't anonymous Confed citizens he'd never see again; they were Space Corps military, like Hartley. Jensen wouldn't be able to escape the whispers, and showing up at Jeff's side like this would just give credence to the rumors.

He met Jeff's eye and nodded, because they had to do this. If they couldn't play the role outside of this bedroom, how could they play it for the aliens on 328?

Jeff had picked out civilian dress which made sense seeing as how they were going to one of the locations the crew gathered when off-duty. The Mercury included several places like that, soldiers would need them to unwind, being too far from any safe planet for shore leave. Jensen had thought he wouldn't have the chance to explore any of the sites, though now it looked like he would, albeit not exactly how he would have chosen.

The pants were a dark navy wash, the black shirt long-sleeved and molded to his skin, cut low enough to show off the collar on Jensen's neck. The dark colors highlighted the pallor of his complexion. A little liner around his eyes would help, Jensen thought, looking in the mirror after slipping on his black regulation boots; the were the only footwear he brought to Jeff's room and Jeff would not let him go barefoot.

"Let's go," Jeff said, looking uncomfortable in his own civilian dress. He wore a pale button-down shirt over a dark pair of jeans, the scruff Jensen liked so much cleared from his face, which looked shiny and unfamiliar in the room's bright lighting. "You will walk with me."

Good, Jensen thought, following a pace or two behind Jeff's left shoulder, otherwise it would take them forever if he had to crawl across the ship. Jeff seemed to have no trouble giving orders outside of sex, but of course he was a military commander. He was getting better at commanding during sex as well, and Jensen's face heated at the thought, remembering being bound and just waiting for Jeff to come to him.

They took a lift to the lounge, which occupied the same level as some of the other recreational activities – one of the pools, the restaurants for the civilian personnel, the supply center, and the non-military gyms and tracks. Outside the double doors that led to the officers' club, two heavily muscled crewmembers stood, obviously given bouncer duty for the evening.

"Evening, Commander," one of them said to Jeff.

"Evening Sergeant. Everything quiet tonight?"

"Hope so, sir." The Sergeant pulled open the glass door for them. "Enjoy yourselves." He even gave Jensen a polite nod, minus the knowing smirk that usually accompanied the gesture, which Jensen appreciated.

The whispers had started from the moment he stepped aboard the ship, fresh from the cruiser dispatched especially to bring him here. Ferris had pulled him off his previously scheduled mission, and only her clout and faith in him had gotten the Space Corps to get him here from so far away. She knew and valued his expertise over anyone else in the service. It was a pity none of the crew thought the same, that his very experience was what set him apart as a whore and a slut, not the soldier who was going to save the asses of two of theirs, never mind get a treaty in place with 328.

He had to do it first, Jensen reminded himself, squaring his shoulders as they entered, and with Morgan's help, not alone. There couldn't be arrogance in this, unlike the vanity in the ones who mocked him; Jensen needed to be aware of his weaknesses as well as his strengths.

Dim blue light surrounded the officer's lounge, a startling contrast to the bright lighting in the rest of the ship. A square bar took up much of the center, in classic faux wood, colored glasses stacked in the center, and several tenders made their way around, passing out drinks and food to the off-duty crew. Tables dotted the area around the bar, with soft couches across the very far back of the room. Jensen could see a stage area set up, with a microphone and a spotlight, but no singer just yet.

Jeff led them through the crowd, Jensen following a few steps behind him as Jeff nodded and waved at people he knew, responding to the shouts of recognition, but not stopping. He commandeered one of the couches at the back, settling into it with a contented sigh. Before Jensen could drop to his knees by his side, Jeff snapped his fingers and pointed to the couch. "Sit."

"Yes, sir." Jensen sat. He perched on the edge of the couch, slightly uncomfortable. He should be kneeling, that was only proper, yet Jeff had ordered he sit, and those orders came before anything else. Can he order me to do something he doesn't want to do? Jensen wondered, knowing that was key. It didn't matter how willing or comfortable Jensen was being bound or flogged, if Jeff couldn't bring himself to give the order. Jeff needed to be the one to lead, Jensen needed to be sure he could count on him.

"So this is where you've been hiding him?" A wry voice broke into his thoughts and Jensen looked up to regard the speaker. For a moment he didn't recognize her in the red sequined dress that made her sparkle against the dimness of the lounge, the dreary blue lights. All eyes flickered to her, of course; she was the Captain.

"Captain Devine," Jensen jumped to his feet.

"At ease, soldier," she rolled her eyes. "Tell the boy to heel, Morgan."

"If you tell me who's running the ship while you're here," Jeff said and Jensen turned in shock at his teasing tone.

"You know, Neil Harris is actually a competent First Officer," she gave Jeff a glare, her shoulder tilting as she propped one hand on her hip. "We need to talk."

"Have a seat," Jeff gestured.

Jensen moved out of the way so the Captain could take his place on the couch. He looked to Jeff for direction. "Kneel," Jeff mouthed and he obeyed, kneeling next to the glass table just in front of the couch, at the Captain's side.

"Making progress I see?" she said.

"General Ferris' idea," Jeff explained. "Twenty-four hours without breaking character."

She stared at Jensen, eyes narrowing. Jensen felt like she could see right through him. "And what about you, Ackles? When can I send you both back to that hellhole?"

Jensen looked over at Jeff who nodded. "I believe as soon as we complete General Ferris' assignment we'll have a better understanding of how to proceed."

Devine snorted. "Sam sure was right about your tongue, boy."

He blinked at the use of General Ferris's first name. Jensen's mind whirled, and he wondered how the two women knew each other.

"Look, I'm not going to pull any punches. We are counting on you both to get this done. The sooner the better. I've got two Admirals and a General breathing down my neck, wanting to know why you aren't down there yet."

"Understood, Captain," Jeff said softly. "How much of a priority is the rescue?"

At first, Jensen didn't understand the question; he thought the rescue was the priority. Devine leveled a look at Morgan, she looked almost resigned.

"You know they care more about the technology than two lost soldiers. Not when we're losing more every day defending the border planets. I'm not going to tell you to choose, Morgan. You do this right, we'll get both – our men back and enough goodwill with 328 to get something shiny to show the Senators." Her shoulders dropped and she rubbed her forehead tiredly. "I passed up retirement for this?"

Jeff laughed softly, the smile not touching his eyes. "We'll get the job done."

"I know you will." She patted Jeff's shoulder. "And you." The Captain touched Jensen's chin, forcing him to meet her eyes. "Yes. I think you will do just nicely."

Jensen got a flash of something in her dark eyes, a bit of knowing. Now he knew exactly who had called in the Sex Corps. He wondered if she played, but even if she did, regulations kept a Captain squarely with her ship. And this entire Reclamation Project belonged to Morgan. For the first time Jensen realized the heaviness of the responsibility that weighed on his temporary master's shoulders. Despite having to learn a whole new way of thinking, Morgan handled it well, probably being one of those rare men who thrived the more he was given. He put that insight aside for later, perhaps he'd need it once they were down there.

"Now excuse me, boys. I have my own form of stress relief." She nodded towards the stage and took off, leaving Jensen staring at her open-mouthed.

Jeff's hand brushed the back of his neck, a soft touch against the very top of the collar. Jensen shut his mouth and fought to keep from shivering. "She's not quite what you expected?"

"No, sir," Jensen said. She wasn't even like when they were first introduced, shortly after Jensen boarded the ship.

"She'll sing a song or two before the band goes on. Captain's prerogative." He could hear the smirk in Jeff's voice. "Before it gets too crowded, go up to the bar and get us drinks."

"Anything specific?" Jensen turned, one hand on the glass table. "Or should I surprise you, sir?"

Jeff slipped his hand along the edge of Jensen's jaw, a nonverbal response to the flirting, the approval one would give a beloved pet. "Siennan wine for us both, I think. And order a plate of appetizers."

Siennan wine didn't have any intoxicating effects, Jensen knew and approved. Jeff was not a man to let his wits get away from him. "Yes, sir." He stood and made his way over to the bar, conscious of the stares and whispers as he moved through the crowd. More people had arrived since the Captain took the stage, possibly to show their respect, or, more likely, suck up to their boss.

Captain Devine's deep tones filled the lounge, her voice clear over the continuing hum of conversation, though the crowd that gathered just to watch her seemed to be enthralled by her song. He didn't recognize it, but Jensen hadn't been given the luxury of leave in a while, so he was out of touch with the Top 100.

"What can I get you, sugar?" A girl at the bar asked brightly as he shouldered his way past the crowd there.

Jensen placed the order and she scurried off to grab some glasses. He guessed she was one of the civilian members of the ship – a bit young, and he doubted anyone joined up to serve drinks. Maybe when he had some leisure time he could read up on the breakdown of the crew, how they managed the careful balance between military and civilian.

Someone bumped into him from behind, pinning him against the counter for a moment. Jensen grasped at the hard surface to keep his balance and turned to glare at whoever it was. He didn't recognize the group of soldiers standing there, and all were in civilian garb, so he didn't even have a clue as to their ranks.

"Pretty boy's wearing a collar."

"Hey kitty, kitty."

"I told you he was a pussy."

They laughed at their own less-than-clever wit and Jensen barely refrained from rolling his eyes. He needed to be good. They wouldn't start anything with the Captain only a few feet away, but he knew from experience they'd do whatever they could get away with. Where was the girl with the drinks? He glanced back and saw she'd been pulled aside in conversation, a very familiar blond head next to hers – Hartley. Of course.

Fuck it, he could get the drinks later. "Excuse me." He tried to go around the trio. A hand on his chest pushed him back. Jensen scowled at them. "Let me just get out of your way."

"Funny, the way Hartley tells it, you love sticking your dick where it doesn't belong."
On the stage the Captain was taking her final bows and introducing the band to follow. The noise level ratcheted up, and they closed in on Jensen, keeping him pinned there.

"Funny," he said, "I don't recall Hartley ever being that familiar with my dick. I bet that's why he's so cranky."

"Shut up, Scut."

"You know, I bet the Captain would be shocked at what passes for wit these days," Jensen raised an eyebrow. "What is your problem, anyway? That I fuck for a living or that I'm fucking Morgan?"

"You think you're better than us, don't you?" The taller one whispered, he was broad around the shoulders and had a scar bisecting his upper lip, it gave him the appearance of perpetually snarling.

"They're torturing Johnson and Tappen down there and they're sending you to save them? Bullshit." Skinny guy said, nearly spitting his words at Jensen.

"Well, seeing as how First Lieutenant Ackles outranks all three of you and has ten years of experience in the field," Jeff's drawling voice could clearly be heard from behind the trio. "I think he's a damn good choice for the mission."

Skinny boy's face went white and Jensen bit his lip to keep from grinning in glee. They moved apart, letting Jeff in the circle. Even in his civilian clothing, standing there with his arms crossed over his chest, Jeff looked damn intimidating, his eyes flashing at the three.

"Ensign Jones. Ensign Mancini. Ensign Leaver." Jeff made eye-contact with all three of them, making it clear he knew who each of them were, and, Jensen thought, that he wasn't going to forget any time soon. "Do I need to have a talk with your commanding officer about respecting all members of the service?"

"No, sir!" they replied, nearly in unison.

"Then I'd better not hear a whisper about any of you harassing Lt. Ackles again. Clear? Dismissed."

Jensen stayed where he was, looking up as Jeff caused the three to scatter, tails between their legs. His heart beat wildly in his chest at Jeff's display. He'd cut them to the core, protected Jensen without once making Jensen seem weak. "Sir?"

"Let's get out of here," Jeff motioned towards the door. "I think I'd rather have a drink in my own quarters right now."

"Yes, sir."

***

The door had barely slid shut behind Jeff before Jensen had stripped out of his clothes and dropped to the floor, kneeling in that graceful pose, hands caught behind his neck, back arched to display his pink nipples and perfect chest. His cock curved up towards his belly, thickening slowly. Jeff circled Jensen, as if inspecting him, giving the anger time to settle. Yes, the ensigns had been assholes, but part of Jeff felt irrational rage at Jensen himself.

"Did you find it necessary to talk back? How did you expect them to react if you kept goading them?" Jeff found himself speaking before he thought, his voice bitten out quick and deep.

"They were nothing I couldn't handle. I'm used to it…sir," Jensen protested, keeping his eyes lowered.

Jeff stopped right in front of him. "This is my ship. You will let me handle it. Is that clear?"

"Yes, sir," Jensen said, swallowing hard, his Adam's apple bobbing in his throat, causing the collar to shift. His long eyelashes fluttered over his cheeks.

Jeff bent and hooked a finger in the collar, pulling it tight around Jensen's neck and forcing the other man's head up. For the moment, until tomorrow, Jensen belonged to him. His to protect, to keep from harm, his to use for pleasure, his to hurt, if he so chose. Jeff suddenly wanted to hurt Jensen, to mark that pale skin, show everyone to whom he belonged. He remembered Jensen trying to beg earlier, ass in the air, so desperate for his orgasm. He wanted Jensen to really beg, not as part of his persona in bed, but because without Jeff's approval, he could do nothing, was nothing.

Maybe this morning he would have quashed the notion, pushed it aside. He'd never treat a lover like that, never push and push for the sake of pushing. But Jensen wasn't his lover. Jeff needed to be his master, and he rode the high of the rush that filled him as he rescued the boy from those three in the lounge. Jensen was his and Jeff would remind him of that. 
"How many people have owned this body?" Jeff murmured, tilting Jensen's head to the side, inspecting the smattering of freckles over pale skin. "How many men have you given yourself to?"

"I don't know…sir," Jensen's voice went up on the end as Jeff released the collar to grab his hair, tilting Jensen's head far back, exposing his throat.

"Bullshit. I bet you've got a little tally, a file somewhere perfectly neat, the name of each man who's fucked you, and a little notation when you didn't even know the name."

Jensen didn't answer, and Jeff didn't expect him to. If he was the master here, he intended to rule.

"You've let all of them touch your body. You've been on your knees for them. How many of them did you let inside here, huh?" Jeff touched Jensen's forehead with his free hand, sliding down his skin, catching on the collar, before resting on the center of his chest, feeling the heart beat loudly beneath the flesh.

"You can't, you can't make me," Jensen blurted, before snapping his jaw shut with a hard click as his teeth slammed together.

For once, a non-programmed response. "Maybe I'll be the judge of what I can or can't do."

Jeff let go, all but throwing Jensen back down, watching as he had to catch himself with his arms or collapse to the floor. No signals from those delicate fingers, just splayed straight on the rug, no sign to stop. No encouragement either, other than the flushed erection caught against one thigh. Jensen had told him he could take whatever Jeff could dish out, and now he was going to take Ackles at his word.

The desire rose in Jeff, with a fierceness that surprised him, to hurt Jensen. He wanted to hit him, to bend him over his lap until his ass was shiny red from Jeff's hand. And he could have that, have all of it. Jeff pulled off his shirt and shucked his pants before perching on the edge of the bed. He wanted to feel all of this, Jensen's skin against his, his cock over Jeff's thighs.

"Bring me a paddle from your bag," Jeff said. He sat and watched as Jensen scrambled on all fours to the duffel on the side of the bed, searching through the toys for the one Jeff demanded. It had gone from completely organized to scattered after Jeff had gone through it, so it took a moment for Jensen to emerge with the smooth wooden object. He turned and handed it to Jeff, handle first. Jeff took it, hefting it in his hand to get the weight of it, heavy enough to cause a good smack, but not so heavy as to tire his arm. He remembered the moment Jensen had handed him the leather collar, the only bit of clothing he wore now, the object that marked him as belonging to Jeff.

Jeff held out the paddle. "Kiss it," he demanded.

Jensen's eyes were wide and a deep blush filled his cheeks, rising from his chest, pink nipples now flushed and pointed. His cock dripped, smears of pre-come staining his belly. It looked almost painful as he crawled closer, leaning forward to purse his lips and gently kiss the wood with reverence.

Jeff stopped him from moving away, grasping Jensen by the chin and tilting his face up. He took a kiss for himself, biting at those plump lips before pulling away, wanting to see them swollen for him. Jensen tasted like freedom, desire and plums, sweet and sour and everything Jeff ever wanted. He pushed him away. "Over my lap," he said. "One hand may touch the floor or the bed for balance."

Jensen nodded and moved to comply, his body still graceful as he struggled to fit himself over Jeff's lap, his cock brushing Jeff's thighs, ass in the air as he stood on his toes, one hand on the carpet as Jeff had commanded. Jeff took the other hand and bent it behind Jensen, holding it tight against his back. Jensen made a sound at the back of his throat, but made no other comment, his breath coming in faster and faster gasps.

Jeff put the paddle beside him on the bed for a moment, and slowly stroked along Jensen's back, down between the crease of his ass, teasing at the soft skin of his balls. "You will not come from this," Jeff hissed, pinching at the sensitive skin, causing Jensen to shriek. He lifted his hand and came down hard on one pale buttock, gratified to see the red handprint appear, hoping it stung as much as the palm of his hand. Jeff rubbed the mark, feeling the warmth from his strike.

But he didn't want to tire out before Jensen. Jeff picked up the paddle, curling his fingers around the handle. He drew up, holding the paddle in mid air for a moment, building the tension in his arm. He waited the space of a heartbeat, till he could hear Jensen's breath catch before swinging down, the sharp smack harsher and louder in the stillness than his hand had been. Easily, he raised it again, coming down even harder on the opposite buttock.

Jensen writhed over his lap, his ass lowering at each strike, as if trying to get away from the paddle. He drove his groin against Jeff's, the weight of his erection solid and unfailing, no matter how many times Jeff let the paddle fall. Jeff lost count of how many times, guessing by the dark red blooming across the formerly pale skin how long this had gone on. He would not let up, entranced by the movements of the boy on his lap, who tried to twist away and yet gasped and moaned at each smack.

"Beg me," Jeff hissed. "Beg me to stop."

"Please!" Jensen sobbed, his voice cracked and muffled. "Please, stop. Please."

Jeff let the paddle fall once more. "I don't believe you. Make me believe you, boy."

He could hear the hitch of breath, the struggle as Jensen attempted to gain control of himself. Finally, he gave up, collapsing against Jeff's legs, all the fight gone out of his limbs as his whispered, "Please, sir."

Blood pounded in Jeff's ears. For the first time he realized that softly spoken "sir" meant "master," and referred to a relationship far more intimate than commander and subordinate. He dropped the paddle and let his fingers smooth over the heated skin. If he wanted to keep going, keep hitting until that fragile skin broke, Jensen would let him, would give him everything he asked for and then some.

Jeff released his hold on Jensen's arm and gently rolled him off of his lap, back onto his knees. He caught his fingers in Jensen's hair, forcing their eyes to meet – Jensen's red-rimmed and heavy with the tears that streaked down his face. Jensen's breath came in little gasps and hiccups and he winced as he sat back on his knees.

"So good," Jeff praised. He sat back, spreading his legs and letting his hand fall on his dick, hard and leaking. He watched as Jensen eyed his movements, fingers twitching on his thighs. "Suck me."

Jensen leaned forward, clasping his hands behind his back, and took just the head of Jeff's cock in his mouth, those perfect lips stretched around his thickness. He didn't pose, didn't flirt or use any of those tricks he'd been using all day. No, Jensen just slid down, taking Jeff's dick deep into his mouth, till his lips met the base, kissing Jeff's balls.

Jeff bit his lip attempting to hold it in, but fuck it, Jensen was too good at this. He groaned, fisting his hands in the tousled sheets, just feeling as Jensen licked and suckled at him, twirling his tongue around that sensitive part just under the head. Jeff felt his orgasm building, the entire night had been far far too much, and he knew he couldn't last. Still, he had presence of mind enough to grasp Jensen's head and pull him away just as he came, white stripes of come splattering over that too pretty face, dripping off those pink lips and dribbling down that flushed and heaving chest.

With one finger Jeff smeared the fluid over Jensen's lips, pushing in just the very tip to give a taste. He ran a thumb under the collar, fascinated once again by the skin hidden there. Jensen wore his mark on his entire body now, subdued and waiting for Jeff's next move. "Go clean up," Jeff said, pulling away. "And don't you dare come in the head. I'll know."

Without a whimper or a complaint, Jensen obeyed, crawling to the bathroom, but keeping the door open behind him. Jeff grinned when Jensen couldn't see, feeling the high from his orgasm. God, they were right, absolute power could corrupt. He wiped himself down with his shirt before he started fiddling through Jensen's bag of toys. Their night together wasn't over yet, and Jeff had a few tricks still up his sleeve.

When Jensen emerged from the shower, hair damp and skin flushed and warm from the water, Jeff ordered him on the bed, ass in the air. With a soft "Yes, sir," Jensen moved into place, his dick still heavy between his legs.

"If you're good, you might get to come," Jeff told him just before slipping the lubricated plug inside. "You're gonna sleep with that in you," he said, working the rubber length between the tightly clenched checks, "so when I want you, I can just turn you over and fuck you, and you'll be wet and open for me."

Jensen shivered at his words, making a sound deep in his throat. Jeff fitted them together, Jensen's back to his chest, and buried his face against the leather of the collar, biting and sucking a mark just under Jensen's jaw. "Mine," he hissed, pulling the other man closer and twining their legs together.

"Yes," Jensen whispered.

Jeff ordered the lights off and let himself drift off into sleep. At least this time he knew Jensen would still be there when he woke, still mandated to be Jeff's slave for a few more hours at least. He smiled and clutched him a bit closer.

He woke a little bit later, the digital light on his terminal showed 0400, still a good few hours before even he would think about waking up. Jeff already had morning wood nestled in the small of Jensen's back. "Lights, ten percent," he whispered, low enough that the computer would pick it up, but not loud enough to wake Jensen, who still slumbered on. He wanted just enough to see by, the shadows playing on the soft planes of Jensen's body.

The plug slipped out with merely a twist of his wrist; Jeff made sure to keep it in reach. Then he took Jensen's leg by the back of the knee and lifted it, exposing that slightly swollen hole. Jeff braced himself against the bed, but found it so easy to slip into that stretched opening, still slick, always hot. A moan escaped as he eased inside, clenched so tightly by Jensen's body.

"Fuck," Jensen hissed, coming awake with a start. Jeff tightened his hold on Jensen's leg, keeping it in place. He reached out and clamped his other hand over the kid's mouth.

"Quiet," he whispered. "If you can keep quiet, I'll let you come. Understand?"

He could feel Jensen all but vibrating beneath his fingers, could hear his throat working to swallow, his breathing speed up. Finally, he just nodded and Jeff let go. He needed that hand to keep his balance as he hiked Jensen's leg up higher, and began to pound into that tight, sweet ass.

Sweat slicked between them, Jeff keeping his movements slow, going from slamming his hips to rolling them slowly, drawing this out. Jensen gasped, but never moaned, never cried out. "So good, boy," Jeff moaned, caught up in the tightness. "Touch yourself, lemme see you."

To his credit, Jensen didn't make a noise at this prompting. He merely slid one hand down around his cock and stroked himself in time with Jeff's thrusts. He clenched his eyes shut tight and bit into that lovely, plumped lip, so hard Jeff worried Jensen would draw blood. "Come, boy, I wanna feel it."

Jensen let out a coughing gasp, not quite a sound, but Jeff figured no man could hold out as long as he had, as he came, milking Jeff's cock with his inner muscles. Jeff gripped Jensen tight and knew he left marks as he followed, his vision whiting out for a moment. He tucked his forehead against Jensen's neck, taking a deep breath to get himself under control. Then he reached for the plug and make sure to insert it as soon as he pulled his dick out.

At the whimpering sound Jensen made, Jeff chuckled. He thumbed the handle of the plug. "I like the idea of you keeping me inside."

"Fuck," Jensen said again.

"In the morning," Jeff said, shifting onto his back with a grin

He ended up rolling out of bed at around 0700, leaving Jensen to sleep some more while hitting the shower. While under the spray he entertained the idea of having Jensen in here with him under the pounding waves of water. He pictured Jensen on his knees, his hair plastered to his head, the rivulets of water running down his back, dripping down his chest. There was no reason he couldn't, Jeff thought, no reason he couldn't demand Jensen do anything at all.

Except his own will. Jeff rinsed himself off, shaking the shampoo out of his hair. He needed to remember this was a responsibility, that Jensen was his responsibility. No one else would get to hurt him, and in return, Jeff needed to be the leader, needed to keep control, to provide discipline. For the first time, he realized, he just might have gotten it.

When he emerged from the shower, it was to find Jensen kneeling upright on the bed, his bruised ass avoiding any pressure, the black leather collar held tight in one hand. "I think you're ready," Jensen said. "We don't need the rest of the 24 hours. We should tell the Captain."

Jeff nodded. "I think you're right."

tbc