Michael knew what most Bottoms craved since it was his favorite role to play during sex. The first time he entered Brian, to prepare him for the real thing, he began with two fingers. There was no reason to play around with getting him stimulated with just one. Brian was already there and his body was calling out. The glorious sight of the lithe frame rising above him, arced, head back and the lower torso giving equal time to each action, made Michael thirst for more. He clenched his walls around Brian's cock and increased penetrating with three fingers. Brian ejaculated while moaning out Michael's name like a benediction. 

Brian flipped them over quite fluidly, pulling out of Michael while watching Michael unroll the rubber on his erection. Brian bent his knees, feet planted firmly, spreading his thighs wide. He knew exactly how to raise his hips off the mattress to meet Michael as he sat on his knees. He grabbed for Michael's hips, fingers clutching ass cheeks, while Michael took himself in hand, running the head of his cock over Brian's sensitive skin. 

"Do you want me?" Michael crawled on hands toward Brian, hovering over his face.

"Yes." Brian leaned back on the pillow surface, offering his neck.

Michael took the sweet offer, licking and lapping up the sweat. "Where do you want me?" He thrust his hips, but he was meshing his length against Brian's, causing pleasurable friction for both.

"Right here." Brian tightened his hold on Michael's waist.

"Where?" Michael rubbed his cheek against Brian's face, heading toward his ear.

"Here... between my thighs..."

"What would you like me to do for you?" Michael kept lowering his voice, licking and blowing in Brian's ear, biting as much flesh as he could find.

"Ah... jesus... fuck me..." Brian let go and placed his fingers back against the wall, holding firm. He had no idea how Michael's dick would feel filling him. He had to brace himself for precaution. "... I want you to fuck me..."

Michael ran a hand along Brian's face, rolling the fingers down the long body. "You want me inside?" His cock tip was right at Brian's entrance, poking and teasing.

"Yeah... yesss..." Brian rolled his hips to bump against Michael's pelvic bone.

"Soft and long? Or hard and quick?" Michael taunted Brian by dragging his tongue down his chest, licking circles and crazy eights around the pert nipples.

"Michael... I need you... now... I don't care..." Hazel eyes went bleary with passion and lust, needing release soon.

"But I do, Brian. We'll start off soft and long, then work our way toward hard and quick."

"Please... anything..." Brian reached up to latch on to Michael's torso, grabbing the frame of the rib cage and tweaking the dark rosy nipple nubs. He heard Michael giggle, and knew his lover was simply playing a game, "Michael" was still in there.

"God... you are so gorgeous when you want me." Michael stared down in fascination at Brian's features, knowing every intricate detail. Every once and awhile just staring at his beauty... because it was so breathtaking to watch in a man.

"Michael..." Brian was about to reach down and take Michael in his hand to guide him in, but he stopped himself, trusting Michael.

"I'm here. How about you close your eyes?"

"Never." Brian's arms went rock solid across Michael's back, holding them flush with one another. "I'm not doing that with you. My eyes stay open from now on."

Michael was only suggesting it because Brian seemed to be watchful of his every move. "Good. Happy to hear that." He lifted himself off of Brian, lowering his head to speak into an ear. "Trust me... I'll never hurt you... I love you." He inched his cock in, feeling the walls hold him tight. "Brian..." He paused at a certain point, feeling resistance. "... loosen up, please... I'll cum before I can really get us started." 

"Sorry." Brian winked up at Michael to show he was "playing" this game as much as Michael was. He looked down between their bodies, watching Michael slowly pump in and out of him. "That... is a beautiful sight." Michael hit the prostate, causing Brian to groan out loud, clutching the sheets. "... you feel so good in me."

Michael drifted his body to lay down against Brian. "You look good under me."

"You can, uh... go faster, if you want."

"I know I can." Michael rested his forearms beside Brian's head, his face mere inches from Brian's mouth. “Why? Am I boring you?” He attacked the lips lovingly, then built up to a maddening crescendo. "I'm pacing myself."

"No, you're not... bor-ing-me.” It was tougher to talk during this moment, when receiving this kind of long-awaited pleasure. “You keep staring. It's unnerving..."

"You don't look vulnerable to me." Michael shook his head in astonishment. "I've actually never seen you look more... arousing."

"You make me feel something. Don't know if I'd call it 'arousing'."

Michael began to pick up speed, thrusting twice each time. Brian arched off the bed, rolling his hips upward. "I could do this for hours."

"Please don't." Brian begged in a mournful plea.

"I promised to be gentle."

"You always are, even when I don't ask." Brian dipped his head to tuck into Michael's neck.

"You want more?'

Brian furrowed his brow, not able to imagine what Michael was asking of him. "Huh?"

"We can lift you higher, so I'll go deeper." Michael was already dragging over a pillow. Brian lifted his hips to accommodate the plushness at his back. Michael slid in, finding it was perfect, where he wanted to end up. "How's that?'

"God, Michael... sen-say-shun-ul..."

"Good, because I'm about to climax soon."

"I wanna cum with you."

"Fine by me. I could use the company."

"Ugha... Michael!... jesus... yes, yes... right there... oh, god..."

Michael pounded into Brian until he felt the anal walls constrict about him. He knew Brian was close, like him. Michael could control his release to coincide with Brian's. He reached down to take the heated, pulsating length in his hand, stroking tenderly. He was coaxing the orgasm to burst through. He bent low to Brian's ear, saying some colorful phrases he would never say to anyone else. He knew how Brian liked his sex served to him. The first spurt of semen caught Michael by surprise. He giggled and that noise became the quirkiest pleasure for Brian's ears. Because he came... and he came, crying out his release as if he hadn't been having sex in months.

Michael realized too late that he missed his chance to join Brian, so he simply trailed behind. As he continued to plunge in, he found that Brian had been holding back. His series of climaxes was far from over. Michael shot his load in the condom tip as Brian clenched around him, milking him dry. He lay his forehead in the center of Brian's chest and tried to breathe correctly again.

When they both were finally spent, completely exhausted, Michael slid out, watching Brian wince a little. He discarded the used condom. He moved to lay on top, letting Brian choose their new position. Brian shifted them to rest on their sides, facing one another. They both drew up the blankets and comforter.

Michael was intent on further taking care of his lover, Brian sunk his head to Michael's chest. "So... was I everything you had hoped I'd be?" He teased, rubbing his palm over the wide expanse of Brian's back.

"Don't ask me that." Brian kissed the bare skin, closing his eyes.

"Why not?" Michael buried his face in Brian's drenched locks.

" 'Cause I have no words to describe what we just did. I may, or may not, have seen a 'white light', but I didn't go toward it."

"Why?"

"You weren't only in my mind, you were real. I didn't want to leave you."

"Could be fun on the other side."

Brian hugged his arms about Michael tighter. "I'm not going anywhere without you."

"I'd find you." Michael's hand caressed the back of Brian's head, along his nape. "Never fear."

"No. Not anymore. And... I'm not closing my eyes, either."

"Well... only when I'm not around."

"Yeah... that might happen once or twice during the day."

"Work can be such a bummer sometimes."

"We can always call in sick."

"This is very true."

"Next time we wake up that's what we'll do."

"Well, I'm the boss. I'm right here. Should I call myself and leave a message or just--?"

"Michael?" Brian began to threaten a tickle or two.

"Hmmm?" Michael chuckled deeply, his belly brushing against Brian's stomach.

Brian lifted his head, leaning forward to press his lips hard, solid, to Michael's mouth. "No one would doubt you were a 'man' tonight."

“You mean...”Michael held back a little, staring into Brian's eyes. "... you did this... for me? Because of what I--?"

“You mean everything to me. I want you happy...” Brian brought up his hand to caress Michael's cheek and touch his lips. "... and proud of who you are." He bent to kiss the lips again, this time achingly soft and tender. "... because I am."

"Can I say -- if you'd like to know -- watching you as I fucked you... made me want you even more." Michael cupped Brian under his chin, sliding fingers through the hair and grabbing the scalp.

"Only with you, Mikey."

"Yeah... our secret." Michael whispered against Brian's lips. "Only with you too."

They kept kissing, lost in the trance of physical exhaustion and needing sleep. At one point, they lay on the pillow to kiss, foreheads leaning toward one another... and they found themselves succumbing to sleep rather quickly.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

The next morning, Ben was nearly late getting up for work. What woke him was the smell of food, like a real breakfast being cooked in his kitchen. He hadn't felt this way since he had been at home, in high school. He turned to see Lukas gone. The last time Ben had shut his lids, the warm body had been curled to his side, strong arm across his chest and head resting on his shoulder. Ben remembered this only because he'd fallen asleep sifting his fingers through the silky blond curls. The flannel robe had been thrown over Ben's side of the bed, for him to put on once he was awake. He picked his glasses off the bedside table, deciding not to put them on. Ben followed the wondrous smells wafting directly from his kitchen. 

Lukas was freshly showered and donned in clothes he normally wouldn't be caught dead in. As if he was on his way to a funeral, a wedding or a job interview.

Ben almost didn't recognize his best friend. For a second, he stared in fascination, falling in love all over again. Lukas certainly cleaned up nicely and the colors he was wearing contrasted his tanned skin and blond hair. Even the curls were tamed, brushed back from the high forehead, the green eyes sparkling with subdued excitement. "Jesus, something tells me you're not going back to sleep today. Nor are you sitting around the apartment watching bad daytime TV drama."

"Fuck!" Lukas licked his index finger of melted butter. "I don't need fake drama. Got enough of my own, thank you. Sit down." He tried to steer Ben out of his way to take a seat at the table. There was only so much room he could work with in this cramped space. Neither of them were small men. "I'll cook you something."

For Ben, it was tough to imagine that what Lukas was cooking was only for him. Ben knew Lukas was attempting to be kind. "Luke... you don't have to. I usually jus'--"

"Drink a protein shake, pick up your Tricycle and grab a twig from one of the tree branches outside to munch on while you pedal to school." Lukas did a five-fingered push for Ben to take a seat. He turned to head back to the stove.

"Ah! I knew it! You do like cutting me down."

"Jamie, you eat like a hippie." Lukas shook his head as he cracked a few more eggs in the pan. "No wonder you're such a tight ass."

Ben leaned on the wall, crossing his arms. "I'm not gonna eat a damn thing if you keep--"

Lukas chuckled, putting up a hand with a wooden spoon in his grip. "Relax, ZenMaster. I went shopping on my own while you were asleep. Your protein shakes haven't been thrown out... yet. And I see you got enough oat bran in your cabinets to build some decent furniture." He hated to say how much Ben had changed, but maybe he'd caught it soon enough where he could salvage a bit of Ben's old self. “Did you ever think going vegetarian is why you've turned into this boring robot-like Ben Bruckner?”

Ben was watching the pork being thrown in the second fry pan. The crack and sizzle of fat in its own grease making him inwardly cringe, and still salivate over the decadent smells. He felt his arteries clog and his heart quicken at being given such unhealthy food. "They help me deal with my HIV meds. I'm not so nauseous all the time."

"Uhm... because you aren't eating. You're trying to grab all your vitamins in one shot or in supplements that aren't even 100% natural. Jamie... food is comfort and can be amazing throughout a healing process, if you use it wisely."

Ben wiped a hand over his forehead, not really fathoming why this subject was even important. He didn't know why he let Lukas browbeat him into taking his advice so often. Ben had been doing fine on his own, without anybodys' help. "I splurge. I'm not always stuck in a freakish health rut." He knew one thing -- more than anything he loved to fight with Lukas, like this. It often gave him this idea Lukas actually cared.

Lukas leaned his hip on the kitchen counter, two plates in front of him ready to place food on. "When was the last time you had something out of your usual food pyramid?" He made a slight gesture toward Ben's fridge door where a diagram hung of some famous monk's “special diet plan" that pretty much told way-too many false urban legends about food.

"The other night. Brian ordered pizza and Chinese."

"Good." Lukas didn't mean to act like a Food Nazi, but taking a serious look at Ben's food staples and what he considered "normal" in the cupboards and pantry... he could have cried. "And what did you have?"

"Brian got an order of vegetables and chicken, in a garlic sauce. I had rice, with the little soy sauce packets."

"Uhm... yeah, you're slipping." Lukas rolled his eyes. "Did you have any pizza?"

"A slice... or maybe, uh, two."

Lukas went to grab the orange juice container and set two glasses on the surface of the table. "Ooo, let me guess, I bet you scraped the good stuff off. Only eating the pizza sauce and dough." He could recall days when Ben wanted to bulk up and they could finish off two extra-large pepperoni pies.

"The cheese was suspect to actually being truly mozzarella." Ben poured both glasses out, filling them half way. "I couldn't take the chance. They used butter to cook their pizzas. That would have been two dairies in--"

Lukas shook his head in mock sadness, venturing back over to the stove to dish out the food evenly. The toast popped up just as he was done. "Sheesh! I know... two diary products away from death. Your food diagram from Hell scares me. That monk even recommends you stay away from too many fruits. That is fucked up." He brought over the two plates, handing one to Ben. “Fruits are God's way of saying he loves us.” He moved to pick up the small dish with stacked toast, swiping utensils out of the drawer on his way over.

There were already condiments they'd need on the table in the center.

“Luke, I do fine.” Ben swiveled to face his plate, his tongue wanting to come out and lick his lips. The food looked too good. "And my shakes and bars are just quicker than--" He gestured his hand to what Lukas had finished doing. He pulled the cloth napkin down over his lap.

Lukas grabbed a slice of toast, lathering it with butter and then jam. "Maybe... you need to get your tight lazy ass out of bed a half-hour early."

Ben picked up his fork, prepared to dig in. He stared intently at Lukas, a smile of disagreement on his lips. "You used to get up at 5am to surf. Your sleep patterns were never the best, either." He took a bite of the scrambled eggs and shut his eyes in pure heaven. God, if he could have this every day of his life from now on... he'd be a very pleasant person in the mornings.

"I can cat nap. Always could. Light sleeper."

Ben went to wipe his mouth, his eyebrows raised in curiosity. "Tell me about it." There was certainly proof of that last night and into this morning.

"Sorry..." Lukas took a piece of bacon and chomped away. "... did you not want me to suck your cock early this morning?" There was a sparkle of mischief in the green eyes.

"No. Well, yes -- wait..." Ben didn't know how to reply, because he usually wasn't this unbalanced about sex until after he was sick. "Yeah, of course it was, uh... and the other things we did. I thought you'd be more tired. Like I am."

Lukas let his hand slip under the table and venture toward Ben's bare thigh and knee. "Nah... sex has always energized me. Given me the boost I've needed to get motivated."

Ben liked the hand sliding between his legs. He brought his own hand up to soothe Lukas' smooth cheek. He missed that perpetual stubble adorning the handsome face. He felt his heart lurch a bit as he saw Lukas lean into his touch. The hand on his thigh was attempting to slip up his gym shorts. "Is that why you look so gorgeous dressed up in your grown-up clothes?" He drew his whole body away, afraid of what could happen if they kept touching one another. He reached to grab Lukas' hand on his thigh and lifted it to the table top.

Lukas pulled back, using both hands to eat again. "Yeah. You like?" He spread out his arms to show the entire ensemble, sitting down. "Danny's influence. All my 'nice' clothing was his fault."

Ben grabbed two slices of toast from the stack. "And the reason you are dressed this way would be?"

The phone rang. Both men looked at one another not expecting anyone to call this early in the morning.

"Hold that thought." Lukas held out one index finger, walking over to pick up the cordless extension. "Hello?... Uh... yeah... Benjamin Bruckner lives here. Who are you?... What?... uhm, yeah... hold on a minute..." He quickly walked back over to the table to sit down. His brow furrowed in puzzlement. He covered the mouthpiece, handing it to Ben. "Sounds like some kid. Is he a student of yours? Justin Taylor?"

"Justin?" Ben wrinkled his brow in bewilderment. He saw how lost Lukas was in placing faces with names. "Brian's... uhm, blond twink, from the other night at Babylon."

Lukas then nodded his head in understanding. "Oh... the one who thinks he's Kinney's boyfriend."

Ben spoke low so Justin couldn't pick up his voice, then used the phone to gesture a "flip" motion. "Other way around. Justin thinks Brian is his boyfriend."

Lukas crinkled his brow in confusion. "What's the difference?"

Ben chuckled, reaching out a hand to rub over Lukas' forearm, petting the dark blond hair. "A big one. I'll tell you about it one day." He placed the extension to his ear. "Justin... yeah, hey! It's, uh... Ben. How can I...?" He got up from the table to head toward the fridge. Once he reached the appliance, he leaned on the chilled door. "Yeah... uh, huh... wow... that's... really interesting." His gaze moved to watch Lukas, admiring the gray wool slacks and the long-sleeved, lavender buttoned-down shirt. He couldn't get over how sexy his best friend was in or out of whatever he was wearing. "Uh... sorry... what did you say? No... no... you didn't call at a bad time. Getting ready for work, eating breakfast..." He caught Lukas' questioning green eyes.

Lukas had felt like he was being watched. When he turned to see Ben looking at him, he knew what had distracted Ben from the conversation. He noticed how Ben's voice and body language permeated the non-emotional state he had about the call. But those intense blue eyes kept staring at the way Lukas looked. Lukas tried not to laugh, knowing how pathetic he had been at eighteen, when it came to guys he thought he liked, who may have liked him.

“ Yes, thank you. Oh, well... I'm glad you called me. Uh... you, too. Uh-huh... bye." Ben hung up, resting weakly on the counter next to the fridge. 

"Problems?" Lukas only asked to be nice. He didn't really care to know.

Ben used the antennae to rub along his mouth and cheek. "Justin thinks he saw Brian and Michael at Babylon last night..."

Lukas shrugged his shoulders, scooping out the last of his eggs with a toast slice. "So... it's where the boys are. Where they chill out."

"Justin saw them in the backroom. Together." Ben tried to stress the word to secretly mean something else entirely.

"Oh. Think he stayed for the whole floor show, like you did?" Lukas didn't mean to sound like such a smart-ass, but Ben was being suspiciously jealous for someone who had created the situation he was jealous about.

"Luke, I'm not--" Ben walked over, his arms spread wide in explanation. He grabbed the back of his chair.

"What is with you people?" Lukas shook his head, hard pressed to learn why so many of Brian and Michael's supposed friends and/or family were wanting to poke their noses where they didn't belong. "What's so amazing about these guys that makes every single one of you wanna sneak around where you truly don't belong?" He held a hand up before Ben tried to give out excuses. "And... I told you this would happen, so don't get all pouty and mope now."

"I know. You're right. Like always." Ben sniffed in frustration out of his nostrils and sat back down in his seat.

"Shit!" Lukas was almost disgusted over this entire issue. Especially when Ben was doing two different actions, one negating the other. "Don't even try to make this about me being difficult. Because you know what I'm getting? Tired. The second I got here you couldn't talk about your boyfriend without mentioning Brian Kinney. So much so, you frustrated yourself.” He was drinking the last of his juice in little sips, pausing to talk in between. “Maybe you should start eating normal food to grow some of your brain back. At least, show some common decency."

"Technically, now..." Ben returned to eating his food. He placed the phone down, upright. "... Michael's cheating on me. If it's true."

"Well, I wonder what genius put that thought in his head?” Lukas let the silence fill the room for a little before he spoke, “You're no better than Michael or Brian, Jamie." He chomped down on a second piece of toast. “Unless last night means nothing to you." He kept his head bowed, unsure if Ben was serious about him or not -- the way he was passionate concerning Michael. Lukas wished he could read Ben better, like before.

"Luke, it meant more than you know." Ben reached out a hand to cup the back of Lukas' neck, massaging the skin. "Can I not be hurt, knowing I was right all along?"

"Don't sound so smug." Lukas drew away in a flinch. "You didn't exactly make it easy for them. Or for Michael."

"So you did watch any the footage?" Ben's eyes widened and his eyebrow rose in interest to what insight Lukas could give him.

"Yes.” Lukas was feel a bit sick to his stomach. “I felt not only did you need an objective eye... I felt I owed Brian and Michael a bit of respect." He knew it was mostly because of his medications, but also... the stress of Ben's predicament harping on their relationship. “Respect enough to know when someone had crossed the line.”

"They agreed to be filmed." Ben was surprised he was eating so much of the food Lukas had cooked. He didn't even eat this way at the Liberty Diner.

"I know! What hurt the most, as I watched the film, was witnessing them have to turn their first time together into some 'Dog and Pony Show' for you and Dad. And that ridiculous thesis." Lukas got up to carry his plate and glass to the sink. He began cleaning up the rest of the pans on the stove.

"That ridiculous thesis will help keep my job.” Ben had to turn in his seat, to the right side in order to see Lukas while he cleaned up his mess in the kitchen. “Not to mention my health insurance status, should I get sick."

"But cause you to lose everything else you've already gained?" Lukas shook his head at the audacity Ben had to think his actions wouldn't affect him to suffer greater consequences. When Ben had no response, Lukas went on. "That's why I'm dressed this way."

"Excuse me?" Ben wiped his napkin on his mouth, crossing one leg over his knee. He slid his bathrobe over the bare skin.

Lukas was pacing back and forth to pick up each of the condiment bottles and jars to stick back in the fridge. "When Danny died, he set aside some money for me to... well, let's put it this way... we were planning to get married and before he was truly incapacitated, he made arrangements for me to be 'taken care of'. If or when he should pass on." He brought over the sponge to wipe down the crumbs from the table surface. "I suppose he knew in the eyes of the law that I would never be seen as anything but his longtime companion and caretaker. He set up a separate bank account without my knowledge. I was so angry I thought I'd never touch the cash, because the mere thought of what Danny did to put aside that money, when we should have been using it for him. I mean... we did fine, some days. But I think I get it now." He set the nearly empty plate of toast in front of Ben, leaving him some butter and the jam he liked.

"What?" Ben was simply flabbergasted to watch Lukas acting domesticated. He was barely in their dorm or their apartment to pick up on bad habits or even if Lukas had any. Watching him now gave Ben a secret desire to see this every day. To know that this man... this beautiful soul who seemed to love the sun, sand and sea... wanted him. To give up everything he used to be, to be whatever Ben needed or wanted.

"It's true. Danny knew he wasn't my first love. Knew for damn sure he wouldn't be my last.” Lukas retook his chair, sitting to his left to face Ben. “He figured out on his own who you really were to me." He crossed his left ankle over his right knee, hooking his arm over the back of his seat.

"He knew that much about me?" Ben was done with everything else on his plate. He plopped the last two pieces of toast on his plate.

"Why do you think he let me come back to The Mainland to be with you, after you were first diagnosed?" Lukas tilted his head to the side, looking at Ben in earnest contemplation.

"He knew I had what he did?" Ben was pausing in his jam spreading, in total shock.

Lukas nodded slowly, his eyes never wavering from Ben's intent gaze. "And he knew someday I'd be brave enough to show up on your doorstep and ask you to love me." He always felt a little ashamed to have waited so long to come to his senses. “Like I'd always wanted.”

"Danny set aside his own money for you to take care of me?” Ben was utterly bowled over, not believing what he was told. “For both of us? Knowing how hard it was to be sick and survive HIV?"

"I know. Sounds crazy, but that was Danny." Lukas scratched at the side of his nose, snickering lightly. "If you gave him a chance, he liked showing you how much heart he still had."

"Luke, I'm speechless. I don't know what to say."

~~TBC...