For three summers Callisto and Theodorus roamed the countryside. Almost all of their idle time was spent practicing many ways and means to defeat Xena. Callisto quickly learned from her childhood friend varied techniques in fighting and soon surpassed her mentor. Although they were of the same age, Theodorus had been privileged as a boy to practice self-defense with the town's militia. Of course, those humble farmers had been no match for the Warrior Princess so Callisto promised herself she would be. Every traveler on the road, who even remotely knew any kind of fighting skill, she badgered into teaching her. Most would, just to get the little blonde kid out of their hair. She also kept her wild streak intact so as to deter any man who would dare get further ideas.

Every day Callisto and Theodorus tracked Xena's army going mostly unnoticed as they kept their distance. On occasion they would cross paths with her soldiers in a crowded tavern but never did they come face to face with Xena. Callisto knew if her plan were to work, her identity would have to remain anonymous. Of course that didn't stop her from getting close enough to wonder at the powerful effect Xena left in her wake.

It was just after she had survived her eighteenth winter when Callisto saw a completely different side to the dark warrior. She and Theodorus sat in a hideaway tavern frequented by warriors called the Wicked Wing in Athens. It was dusk and they leisurely ate their evening meal. An attractive woman emerged from the back room with a strong-armed warrior behind her. He pecked her cheek and pressed some dinars into her hand as he waved goodbye and left the tavern directly. Callisto eyed the woman with curiosity, fascinated by the long chestnut curls that hung loosely around her shoulders and framed her cherub face. Her smooth olive skin glowed faintly in the candlelit tavern. Her dress flowed freely about her curvy figure and the deep plunge of her neckline revealed voluptuous breasts. Callisto surmised she was at least ten winters older than she was, but nonetheless, the woman radiated an understated beauty. The woman casually returned to the back room from whence she came.

Shortly thereafter, a band of soldiers noisily entered the half-empty room. Callisto immediately recognized the lavender colors of Xena's army. The sparse crowd didn't recognize the identifying crest until it was too late. The magnificent Warrior Princess entered the tavern. Her men cleared a space for her and guided her to an empty table across the room. She sat, evidently expecting a meal and port to be brought to her. Both were forthcoming. Xena quickly downed the contents of the mug and ordered another.

Callisto upturned her lip in disgust. There was no way in Tartarus she would ever drink that stuff. It would dull her senses and distract her from her reason for living, her mission to destroy the Destroyer of Nations across the room. No, she wanted to keep every nerve fibre intact, every memory intact, every nuance about Xena that would make revenge upon her that much sweeter. Nevertheless, she was mesmerized by the imposing presence before her. Xena held her unwavering attention.

"Xena!" a woman cried out. It was the same unassuming woman who had enthralled Callisto earlier. The woman sprinted to Xena's table and the warrior hugged her tightly. She planted a long wet kiss on the woman's mouth. Callisto watched in fascination as the woman sat comfortably on Xena's lap. The warrior's hands roamed playfully underneath the woman's dress as she nuzzled her neck affectionately. They were obviously very intimate friends, Callisto concluded.

Callisto bit her lip to hold back the rage that threatened to consume her. For reasons she could hardly fathom, a wave of jealousy washed over her as the lovely woman responded under Xena's touch. Part of Callisto wanted to be Xena and explore the woman's luscious curves but another part of her, a much stronger part, wanted to be the woman on which Xena lavished all her attention. She cursed the gods for the little war being waged inside her.

Distractedly, Callisto wondered what it would be like to be seduced by the power that was Xena and her faced flushed at the possibility. She had no idea what it would be like to give herself completely to another woman but she imagined Xena was a woman who threw herself headlong into these passions. She envisioned herself sitting in Xena's lap and then having the warrior succumb to her pleasures just before she slit her throat.

She thought about the mediocre experiences she'd had with Theodorus. She had only joined herself with him twice. Once, just to see what it was like and a second time to make sure she wasn't mistaken about the first. Mostly, she had been bored. Sure, there had been a bit of pain, but after the suffering she'd already endured at the hands of Xena, it was weak by comparison. Theodorus never made her loins tingle or her face flush the way the dark warrior was making her feel in the noisy tavern. Someday, she vowed to herself, she would get her satisfaction.

Xena quickly finished her meal and rose from the table, her old acquaintance in tow. The woman led the warrior to the back room from which she had initially emerged. Callisto's eyes followed the two women. She composed herself and stood to leave.

"Let's go," she instructed Theodorus.

"Callisto! What are you going to do?!" he whispered hotly. He saw the glint in her eye and didn't like it one bit. He knew that Callisto could be extremely erratic and the wild streak in her spurred her on many times. But he didn't want his childhood friend to ruin their plans for Xena. They had been following the notorious warrior for too long.

"Let's go, I said," she answered through gritted teeth and headed for the door. But not before Theodorus saw the reddish tinges in her face and knew Xena was the source of her agitation. He followed meekly behind her.

For three days and three nights, Callisto and Theodorus waited for Xena's army to leave Athens. They kept to themselves, easily remaining anonymous and out of sight. Her soldiers were never the wiser. When they left town, Callisto sauntered over to the Wicked Wing to ask the brown-haired woman a few questions. She pressed some dinars into the barkeep's hand and asked for her favors. The man eyed her suspiciously, and then a smirk crept up the corners of his mouth. He dropped the dinars on the counter.

"Aren't you a tad young to be asking about her, go home to your mother, little girl," he chuckled, then turned his back on Callisto. He'd made a big mistake.

Instantly, Callisto leaped across the counter and onto his back. She jabbed her dagger at his throat and one arm cut off the air to his lungs.

"Now. The last time someone told me I was too young to do something was my mother," she paused for effect. "She's dead now, you know." She let those words sink in on the now terrified barkeep. "Now you go find your beautiful friend and tell her I want to see her." Callisto pressed the tip of the blade harder into his throat and drew a minuscule drop of blood to emphasize her point.

"I.I.I.I.I . . . will," he stammered. "SSSShe's in the bbback rrrroom."

"Good. Now take these dinars to her. I wouldn't want her to think I'm not a good paying customer." Callisto released the barkeep. He rubbed his neck and to his horror, he saw the blood she had drawn on his fingers. Quickly, he picked up the dinars from the counter and raced to the back room. Moments later, he returned. He nodded at Callisto.

"She'll see you now," he announced as he wiped his brow nervously and eyed her warily.

"I knew she wouldn't think I was too young," Callisto snickered. She strolled nonchalantly into the back room to meet the brown-eyed beauty that had touched Xena.

"How can I be of service to you?" the brown-eyed woman asked. She was seated on the bed; a low cut dress emphasized her well-endowed chest. Her long curly hair fell loosely around her shoulders and Callisto instantly wanted to get lost in her wild tresses.

Callisto's voice caught in her throat as she drank in the radiant beauty before her. To her surprise, she was trembling. She had always prided herself on having nerves of steel but her anticipation for the past three days overwhelmed her. This was the woman who had touched Xena. This was the woman who would provide her with still more weapons and knowledge to defeat the Warrior Princess. It took Callisto a few moments to regain her composure but she did so with due haste and found her voice.

"I.I.I.I . . . never . . . you . . . so beautiful," she faltered, stumbling over her words like the childish girl she was expected to be. She bowed her head in feigned innocence pretending to be ashamed of her desires.

"Come here, young lady," the woman beckoned and patted the space on the bed next to her. "Don't be afraid. What's your name?"

"Neenah," Callisto meekly replied as she drew closer to the enticing woman. She sat on the bed and nervously fidgeted with her fingers. She pretended to be reluctant to make eye contact.

"My name's Isiphae," she said as she encircled one arm around Callisto's shoulders. "My friends call me Isi. Now tell me why you're here."

Callisto giggled and her words faltered again, "I . . . you know," she smiled shyly.

"Don't you know any girls your own age that you could . . . " she left the question unfinished as she remembered the barkeep's wild story of how desperate this young girl was to see her. "No, no of course not," she added quickly. "Why else would you be here?"

"Yes, please teach me," Callisto pleaded innocently. She turned her body towards Isiphae and buried her face into the woman's wavy locks and breathed in the scent of her beauty. She wrapped her arm around the woman's waist and moaned deep in her throat. Xena was here, she sighed with glee, Xena smelled this scent, Xena licked this velvety skin, Xena aroused this woman's passions. Although she'd had never made love to a woman before, she instinctively knew what to do. It had helped her immensely when she had vividly imagined it for the past three days as she anxiously awaited Xena's departure to fulfil her dreams.

Callisto searched for Isiphae's mouth anxious to taste the mouth that had only very recently tasted Xena. The woman held her back.

"Wait, no need to rush," she said as she pushed Callisto away from her. "Here, why don't you take these clothes off." She began to undress Callisto as the blonde girl watched her intently. She breathed in the power she felt at knowing her plan was working to perfection.

Shortly thereafter, the two women were naked on the bed, their clothes a heap on the floor and their bodies intertwined in the afterglow of heated passion.

"Neenah?"

"Hmm?" Callisto answered her mind deep in thought. She had surprised even herself with the intensity of the climax she'd reached by Isi's dexterous fingers. She had not expected to enjoy her little task so much. She had expected their lovemaking to be a little more exciting than her encounters with Theodorus but not by much. After all, her visit to Isiphae was only a small part in her overall mission. Up until now, she had always thought that love was a trick nature played to get people to reproduce. She didn't realize that there could be more than a little pleasure in the physical act itself. She smiled deviously. Eventually, she promised herself, she would find out what this simple pleasure would be like with Xena.

"Neenah?" Isiphae repeated.

"Yes?" Callisto was coaxed out of her reverie.

"When you . . . um . . . let go, did you know you called me Xena?"

Puzzled, Callisto said, "I did?"

"Yes, you did. Do you know Xena?"

"Which Xena?"

"The warrior, some people call her the Warrior Princess," Isi confided.

"Oh, that Xena, actually I don't know her, do you?" Callisto raised herself up on one elbow to watch Isiphae's reaction. She was pleased that Isiphae had taken the bait so easily.

"Yes, she's a friend of mine," Isiphae answered. Is that right? Callisto thought, I didn't think that evil woman had any friends.

"What's she like? I heard she's pretty scary," Callisto enthused breathlessly.

"Well, all I know is she's a brave warrior and she's good to me," Isiphae answered, her face beamed at her recent memories with the warrior. Isi's excitement did not go unnoticed by Callisto. However, she decided it would be a good time to change the subject. If she continued with her plan, there would be plenty of time later to get all the information she needed out of the brown-haired woman, including the curious scar above Isi's right breast. She was sure it was a mark left by Xena.

"I'm sure she is, but let me be the one who's good to you this time." She kissed Isiphae on the lips and closed her full mouth over the older woman's. "Teach me how to please you, Isiphae," she murmured as she anticipated the taste of Isiphae's wet centre where she was sure Xena's mouth had been very recently.