"So…"

"Yeah."

"That was…"

"I don't know…"

Lex glanced at the people sitting around the Kent's kitchen table. He knew shell-shock when he saw it. He wouldn't deny feeling it himself. A little. He should say something. He should snap them all out of it. He was responsible for this mess, and he should be cleaning it up. You don't lead from behind. That's what his father…what Lionel Luthor would say. Lex lowered his head and stared at the table. He felt Clark's arm go around his shoulders.

"Lex. I'm sorry." It was Chloe, and Lex wondered what on earth she should be sorry for. "I mean, about your brother."

Oh. Lex forced his head up and tried for his tried-and-true casual smile. It didn't come. Not even close. The dismissive remark he attempted died somewhere between his parietal lobe and his tongue. He nodded at Chloe. "Thank you."

Pete fidgeted in his seat as Chloe turned to regard him with raised eyebrows and an expectant expression. "Nice left hook."

Chloe sighed and rested her head in her hand, but Lex actually felt part of a smile teasing one corner of his mouth. "Thank you, Pete. I had an excellent teacher."

Eli snorted. "Had you an excellent teacher, the dog's nose would be inside his frontal lobe. When he was breathing his brains I would be excellent."

"God, Mr. Cohen, that's just gross." Chloe grimaced and took a sip of her tea.

"I think we've had enough of that for one day, Callahan," Jonathan said from the other end of the table, glancing up from his notebook. 

Eli actually looked contrite, glancing at Chloe's pale face. "I beg your pardon, Miss Sullivan."

"It's okay, it's okay. Are brains any worse than Dr. Glowsticks shoving his arm through somebody?" Chloe rolled her eyes. "I can't believe you guys have been dealing with this Twilight Zone stuff for months."

Pete glanced at the stairs. "Do you think Lana will be okay?"

"Moira is an excellent physician," Eli said gravely.

Jonathan made a rude noise.

"She is," Clark said, giving his father a firm look. "She's taken great care of you, Dad."

"Oh, she has," Jonathan growled. "In fact, she's inspired me to get well as quickly as possible so that she'll get the hell away from me."

"She is also an excellent interrogator," Eli said in a mild tone.

Lex sighed. "Eli." Damn, he wasn't up to this.

Clark bristled. "Interrogator?"

"Lana doesn't need to be interrogated. What the hell are you talking about?" Pete leaned forward with a belligerent expression.

"Eli, the girl's been beaten up." Jonathan tossed his notebook down. "I'm pretty damn sure she doesn't need to have bamboo shoots shoved under her finger nails."

Eli shot a wry glance at Lex. "Excuse me. Perhaps I should have said interviewer."

Lex shook his head. "Given her current state, I don't think she's likely to respond coherently to questioning whatever techniques you use. I was only able to glean a few pertinent details from her on the way over. I think she's in shock."

"Gee, I wonder why." Chloe drained the last of her tea.

"And these pertinent details are?" Eli regarded him with remarkable patience, given the circumstances.

"I don't think I like where this is going, Eli." Jonathan rose from his chair and walked to the refrigerator, scowling. "Lana isn't the enemy." He yanked the door open, rooted for a moment, and reappeared holding two beers.

"Perhaps not. But she has been aiding and abetting the enemy, willingly or not—"

"Not," Clark said in his most truculent tone. If his arm hadn't been around Lex, Lex might have let his non-existent jealousy run away with him. But Clark's arm was around him, and jealousy required energy he didn't have at the moment. Clark leaned toward Eli. "You don't know Lana, Eli. She'd never hurt anyone."

"She gave the man who wishes to abduct you a time and place where you would be alone and unprotected."

Lex shot a sharp look at Eli. "And strangely, this is the first I'm hearing of it. What time and place?" He looked up in surprise as Jonathan set a beer in front of him.

Jonathan smiled at him. "Never saw a man more in need of cheap beer." He went back to his seat, and Lex opened the can, blinking hard.

"She made it up," Pete cut in angrily. "She made it up to save Whitney."

"There's no time or place when Clark is alone or unprotected," Jonathan said, sliding back into his chair. "You're barking up the wrong tree, Eli."

"She said here, this afternoon." Chloe was playing with her mug. "It doesn't make any sense. There's like an army here."

"Duh. That's why she told Glowsticks that." Pete leaned back with his arms crossed over his chest, glowering.

Lex sighed. "Eli, there's a small metal box under the driver's seat of my car. I want you to have a look at what's inside."

Eli gave him a quizzical look as he rose. "Certainly. I will bring it—"

"No!" Damn it. "No. Just…examine it outside. I need to know everything you can tell me. And find a safe place for it when you're done."

Eli nodded and disappeared into the living room; the screen door closed softly behind him.

"Lex? What?" Clark's head nearly touched Lex's. "You're not breathing again."

"Occupational hazard, Jiminy." Lex rested his hand on Clark's. His gaze went from Clark's anxious face to Jonathan's grim one.

Jonathan drained the last of his beer. "Let me guess. Things just got worse again."

***

"He was angry. When the helicopter showed up, he thought I'd told someone where we'd be meeting."

"Whitney?" Martha asked gently, slipping off Lana's shoes and tucking her into bed.

"No! No, Whitney would never…" Lana swallowed. "Dr. Hamilton."

"Keep that on your eye," Moira said, firmly guiding the ice pack to Lana's face. "Some bruises, but nothing broken. I still think a quick trip to the ER would be prudent—"

"No. No. I'm fine."

Martha and Moira exchanged glances. Lana kept repeating that like a mantra. Martha was beginning to suspect that the girl had been saying that to herself for a long time.

Moira shook her head, frowning. "If you start feeling worse, I want you to tell me immediately. I don't think there's any permanent damage, but you need to rest."

"I need to find Whitney. He's in trouble. When Dr. Hamilton finds out I took the box—"

"Whitney is at Belle Rève." Martha stroked Lana's hair as she perched on the side of the bed. "If we can find a way to help him, we will. Would you like me to call Nell?"

"She's in Metropolis. She's always in Metropolis these days."

Martha ruthlessly squashed her opinion of Nell Potter, or anyone else who would leave a sixteen-year-old girl on her own for weeks at a time. "Well, you can just stay with us until you feel better."

Lana took a shaky breath. "Mrs. Kent, Clark's in real danger. I mean, now, today. I saw him, here, alone, and Whitney was—"

"Honey, we would never leave Clark alone. Not anymore. There's always someone with him."

"But I saw it." The soft shimmer of luminescent green in Lana's eyes became brighter with tears. "You have to believe me."

"I believe you," Martha said in her most soothing tone. She felt in desperate need of being soothed herself. "I just don't understand how it could possibly happen."

"Perhaps Whitney Fordman understands how it could happen," Moira said dryly.

Lana shot her a pleading look. "Whitney never meant for any of this to happen. He was just so desperate for the money. His father's medical bills… Mrs. Kent, he loves his dad more than anything."

"I know."

"And it seemed so harmless. The doctors at Belle Rève were so nice."

Martha saw Moira roll her eyes as she turned away to pick up her medical bag, and resisted the impulse to throw a pillow at her.

"They said they were testing a new way to calm down violent patients. But Whitney…those tests changed him. He remembered things that made no sense. He started doing things that Whitney would never do. And when Dr. Hamilton explained what they had really done—"

"Wasn't that nice of Dr. Hamilton," Moira muttered.

"It must have been horrible for him," Martha murmured, pushing thoughts of Lionel Luthor's bloody face far away.

"He got even worse. I don't think he knew who I was, sometimes. He talked like a completely different person."

"Like Eddie Cole?" Moira was pulling a bottle of medication from her bag.

"Yes." Lana shuddered. "God, what a horrible man."

"And when did Whitney decide to eliminate this horrible man?" Moira's tone was horribly conversational.

"Moira." Martha put a hand on Lana's shoulder as the girl's eyes filled. "This can wait."

"Sheriff Millar might not think so."

"He wasn't in his right mind," Lana blurted, wiping her face. "Dr. Hamilton kept on him and on him, telling him that if Eddie Cole were…gone, then the symptoms would fade." 

"What happened?

"I wasn't there. Whitney said…he said he lost it, and hit Eddie over the head with some piece of metal junk he found out in the yard, until he stopped moving. And then he buried him under the woodpile out back. But he said…it was like…almost the minute Eddie stopped moving, he got worse."

"More like Eddie." Moira's tone raised goosebumps on Martha's skin. Now what was Moira thinking? Maybe Jonathan was right; she was a she-Eli.

"Yes."

"Take this." Moira handed Lana a glass of water and a small green pill.

Lana looked at it doubtfully. "What is it?"

"It'll help you sleep."

Lana sighed and swallowed it. "They're both at Belle Rève, then. Together. That's not good."

Martha eased Lana back onto the pillows. "We'll think of something, Lana."

"Has Dr. Hamilton's temper always been so violent?" Moira took Lana's glass and put it on the nightstand, her dark eyes locked on Lana's face.

"It got worse after the accident." Lana closed her eyes. "He hates the other Lex so much now."

The other Lex. Oh, Lord. "The accident?" Martha hoped her voice hadn't squeaked.

"He was working in one of the access tunnels. He said everyone knew he was there, but all the doors shut anyway, and the particle accelerator—"

"Particle accelerator?" Martha knew she'd squeaked that time, and hastily closed her mouth.

"Lex's particle accelerator…they were…" Lana drifted off mid-sentence, leaving Martha and Moira staring at each other.

"Well," Moira said acidly. "You folks don't stage your disasters on a small scale, do you?"

Martha rose, forcing herself to speak. Today was not a good day. Today was as far from a good day as it was possible to get. "That lab has been locked down for months."

"I'm sure our Dayglo friend Stephen will be glad to hear it."

"Lionel and the clone have tried everything to force Lex to give them the access codes. Why would they do that if—"

Moira raised her hand, shooting a sharp look at Lana. "Let's take this outside." She took Martha's arm and guided her through the door, shutting it firmly behind her. "That girl has got to go, Martha."

Martha bristled. "Go? She's been beaten and frightened within an inch of her life! She's not going anywhere."

"Every minute she stays here she gathers more information for Hamilton."

"You think she's a spy? Oh, for heaven's sake. She's a child, Moira."

"She's no child. She's a woman with an agenda, and, oh yes, a mutation which enables her to see into the future. Don't fall for the little girl lost routine."

Martha found herself assuming a battle stance. Maybe Pamela was right about Boudicca's chariot motifs. "If I had made assumptions like that about Lex, he'd be dead now. Lana is not leaving this house until she's well enough to do so. My house, my rules, Moira."

Moira raised an eyebrow. "Eli may have something to say about this."

Martha turned on her heel and headed for the stairs, fuming. "It's not Eli Cohen's house either."

***

Lex drummed his fingers on the kitchen table, scowling. "Worse?"

Clark knew the signs of a gigantic brain overheating when he saw them. "Lex. Maybe you should take it easy for a while, huh?"

"Yeah, Whitney said it got worse when he whacked Cole." Pete stretched.

Chloe smacked his invading arm away. "Does that mean something?"

Lex leaned back in his chair, but Clark refused to let go. "Insurance? That would be in character. Yes. A trigger. A dead man's switch. Ingenious." It was almost a chant; Lex's eyes were half-closed.

Clark tightened his arm around Lex's shoulders. "Lex. Enough."

"It's significant. These matrices never coalesced. They've been discrete from the beginning. Intentionally so."

"Lex," Jonathan said sharply. "Son, let it go."

"I think it's time for a break," Clark said firmly, rising from his chair and hauling Lex up with him. 

Pete and Chloe glanced at each other, apprehension in their faces.

Lex didn't resist, but turned to Clark and continued to babble as if Clark had the faintest idea what he was talking about. "He needed information. All this time…the meetings…mentioning Julian…it was an intelligence mission."

Clark could see the intuitive leaps behind those blue eyes, but it did nothing to quiet his alarm. "Damn it, Lex, stop." He could hear Martha coming down the steps.

Jonathan rose, his eyes locked on Lex. "Martha, we have a situation."

"He knew we had Karloff's journal. He probably encouraged Karloff to write it in the first place. All that was required was enough pressure…"

"Lex?" Martha appeared and made a b-line to Lex's side. "Lex." She laid a hand on his cheek, and Lex fell silent; he turned to her with a lost expression. "You're overtired, sweetheart."

Clark watched as the calculations behind Lex's eyes melted away at the endearment. Lex swallowed. "I'm fine. I'm just… I'm fine." He was leaning into Martha's hand.

"Upstairs, now. Clark, make him rest."

"Upstairs?" Clark asked in surprise.

Martha fixed her firmest stare on him. "Upstairs. House rules in full force. Understood?"

"Yes, ma'am," Clark said hastily. "Come on, Lex."

"There's work to do," Lex protested, but Clark knew one look from Martha would be enough, and it was. Lex sighed, letting Clark guide him away from the table and toward the stairs. Jonathan rubbed his shoulder as he passed, and Lex gave him a ghost of a smile, his gaze dropping to the notebook on the table.

"What are you going to call your comic, Jonathan?"

Clark rolled his eyes at the blatant delaying tactic. "C'mon, Lex."

Jonathan snorted and gave Lex's scalp a quick rub. "I'm thinking Infinite Crisis. That pretty much sums up life around here."

Pete and Chloe shot him doubtful looks, and Clark couldn't help laughing. "No offense, Dad, but that's pretty bad."

"Oh, you think so?"

"Most comics are named after the superhero," Lex said, his smile deepening.

Jonathan raised his eyebrows. "My comic has two superheroes," he said softly. 

Clark tried to say something and couldn't.

"That does complicate things," Lex said unevenly.

Jonathan cleared his throat and sat down. "Now when you've figured out a title for that, smartasses, you just let me know."

"We'll work on it." Lex turned to Clark, wobbling a little on his feet, and Clark steadied him.

"Talk to you guys later, okay?" Clark shot Pete and Chloe a reassuring smile over his shoulder.

"No problem," Pete said, watching Lex's unsteady gait with narrowed eyes. "We'll catch you tonight."

"Is he all right?" Clark heard Chloe ask Martha in a whisper.

"He will be. Now you two need to go home and rest, too. No, I don't want to hear any arguments. I've had enough arguments today."

"She's sending the Marines home?" Lex murmured in Clark's ear as they climbed the stairs. "Good God, who will protect us?"

Clark shot him a dirty look. "Very funny. You're scaring the shit out of me, mastermind."

"I'm scaring the shit out of myself. Oh. Did I say that out loud?"

"Uh-huh."

"Damn. I shouldn't have had the beer."

Clark pulled Lex down the hall and into his bedroom, easing him onto the bed. He knelt to remove Lex's shoes, but Lex seized his arm. "Wait. Wait."

"What?" Clark looked up into Lex's ashen face, startled.

"I'm having the most incredible sense of déjà vu—"

Clark slapped Lex's hand away, relieved enough to be annoyed. "I swear to God I'm going to smack your shiny head, Lex. I swear to God." He pulled off Lex's shoes and hauled his legs onto the bed. 

Lex made vague gestures at the ceiling. "This has all happened before. I have a vision of—"

"Shut up!"

"Raiding your sock drawer, and being carried – thanks for not doing that in front of Pete, by the way – and this fisheye lens montage of injuries and altered states of consciousness."

"Move over, you asshole." Clark kicked off his shoes and climbed into bed, nestling close to Lex, almost nose-to-nose. He wrapped his hands around Lex's. 

Lex took a deep breath. "It was all a ploy."

"Shhhh."

"He needed a status report on Karloff's development, and we gave it to him."

"Lex, I want you to stop thinking about your…Lionel Luthor."

"I'd have to stop thinking about Julian to do that." Something deep in Lex's gaze flashed. "I'll never forget Julian."

"No." Clark pressed closer. "You won't."

Lex's breathing became uneven. "He killed him. He killed Julian. Did you hear him, Clark? He fucking admitted it, admitted killing his own son. He justified it."

"I heard. God, Lex, I'm so sorry."

"Julian might have loved me."

"He did love you. He still does."

Lex closed his eyes. "You really believe that? That we go on?"

"Yeah. I do."

Lex was silent for a second. "Thank you," he whispered.

"For what?"

"Where do I start?"

Clark leaned forward and kissed him. "You're welcome."

Lex kissed him back with so much enthusiasm that Clark had to remind himself about the house rules. "You let me off too easy, you know," Lex whispered. "You should have broken my face."

"I like your face the way it is."

"You told me the truth. You knew I'd be a complete asshole, and you still told me the truth."

"All in a day's work," Clark said wryly.

"There's no one else in the world who'd care enough to do that, Jiminy." Lex hung onto Clark's hands as if it were a lifeline.

"Lex, there's a whole damn house full of people who care enough. I just get first dibs."

Lex smiled a little. "Tell me why."

"Because I'm the junior partner."

"And the junior partner is staging yet another takeover?"

"Nope. That's just my trite and clichéd way of saying I love you more than anything, and there's nothing I won't do for you."

Lex seemed speechless for all of five seconds, and Clark congratulated himself. Personal best. Lex opened his eyes and smiled at him. He kissed Clark again. "This seems like an opportune moment to ask for a favor."

"Anything," Clark said a little breathlessly. He wondered if Lex understood what "anything" meant when it came to Lex Luthor. He wondered if Lex knew what an amazing kisser he was, too, and whether a guy could come from his boyfriend smiling at him, but he wasn't going to think about that right now.

Lex gently pulled one hand from Clark's grip and fished something out of his shirt pocket. "Take this." He placed the warm piece of metal in Clark's hand. "Take care of it."

Clark frowned. "Why?"

Lex drew a shaky breath. "My judgment can't be trusted right now."

"I trust you, Lex. That's why I gave it to you in the first place."

"Clark. I have nothing left." Lex's voice wobbled.

"Nothing—"

"I don't have a plan. Not even an idea. We're surrounded and they're closing in and one of them has fucking built a gun that fires meteorite bullets and I have no idea how to protect you."

Clark clutched Lex's hand, pressing the key between their palms so hard that he could have sworn the thing vibrated. "Lex. We're not alone. We have a family. We all protect each other. We'll think of something."

"Lionel Luthor is now a complete wild card. He'll either take off the gloves and declare total war or stage some spectacular and dangerous stunt to maintain contact with us."

"Lex, you're doing it again."

"God only knows how, but Stephen Hamilton has been exposed to a massive dose of meteorite radiation and has wound up both mutated in a manner potentially lethal to you and mad as a march hare."

"I see. We're going to list the bad guys, now. Good for you, Lex, that'll help."

"Whitney doesn't have much longer to be Whitney; but like many of us he's in denial about his little identity issues and he'll do anything Hamilton tells him in a pointless effort to save his sorry ass."

"Do I have to tie you up and gag you?"

"I'll take a raincheck. Karloff—"

"Karloff warned us about Hamilton and told me about the journal."

"Karloff has a mutated madman in revolt on his hands and is probably trying to maneuver us into taking care of his problem for him."

"And how exactly do you take care of a guy who can walk through walls, mastermind?"

"I don't have any ideas on that subject, either. Just deus ex machina fantasies about that hunk of useless metal sitting in my cellar."

Clark let loose a breath of relief and understanding. So that was it. "Lex. Do you think I haven't thought about starting up Bessie? Seriously?"

Lex studied him. "You've thought about it."

"Sure I have. Who knows, maybe there's a photon torpedo or a phaser or something—"

"It is possible to carry Trek geekism too far, Jiminy."

"Well, what do you want to find?"

Lex uttered a weird laugh. "Anything. Anything that will protect you from these lunatics and their fucking meteorites. Do you know what I do every day before I go to see Pamela?"

"What?" Clark asked, trying to imagine what could put that look on Lex's face.

"I sit with Bessie. I talk to her." Lex regarded Clark with sharp blue eyes. "Still trust me?"

"Yes," Clark said gently. "Does she talk back?"

"Sometimes."

"What does she say?"

"Whatever I want to hear."

"Aw, Lex." Clark kissed him again, and Lex blinked in obvious surprise. "You should have told me that, too."

"I thought I was going insane," Lex whispered, clearly taken aback by Clark's reaction.

"You weren't insane. You were alone. They feel the same sometimes."

Lex rested his head against Clark's. "We're in trouble, Jiminy."

Oh, man. Oh, man, things must be bad. "Yeah. So you want to go see what Bessie's got?'

Lex sighed. "No. I want you to talk me out of it."

"Why?"

"Pamela thinks it's a bad idea."

Clark frowned, surprised. "Pamela's usually right."

"She was right about you."

"Me?"

"She said you'd forgive me. I have an appointment this afternoon to tell her how right she was."

Clark laughed softly. "Well, I wouldn't want to wreck her batting average, but really, what's the worst that can happen? That there'll be nothing there, right?"

"Or something we can't operate."

"Something you can't operate? Come on."

"Or something dangerous. There's no way to know."

"Well, we know the bad guys are dangerous."

Lex said nothing for a few seconds. "I thought you'd debunk this fantasy, Jiminy."

Clark drew his arm around Lex's waist. "I like your fantasies," he murmured as suggestively as possible.

Lex actually chuckled. "House rules."

"Let's see what Mom and Dad think. About Bessie, I mean. I already know what they think about house rules."

"Clark—"

"This is where you say 'yes sir whatever you say sir.'"

Lex buried his face against Clark's neck and kissed it. "Yes, sir, whatever you say, sir," he whispered. "Clark—"

"This is where you stop talking and start resting."

***

Jonathan sank to perch on the top porch step. "Destroy it."

"Jonathan—"

"Damn it, Eli, melt it down, blow it up, do whatever it takes!" Jonathan stared at the revolver and its glowing ammunition in horror. Somehow seeing the damn thing was worse than hearing Lex's brief description. Much worse.

"Jonathan, listen to Eli." Martha was looking like Martha always did when things were at their worst; pale, calm, and ready to fight the devil himself if he brought a meteorite anywhere near her son. She sat beside him and took his arm as she stared into the box.

"Ugly thing," Max said quietly, lifting the revolver out. "Heavy."

"I assume you test-fired it?" Moira pulled one of the bullets out and held it up to the light, scowling.

"I did." Eli looked like he could smell those dead fish on the dock he was always talking about. "It has no accuracy at any significant range. It would be necessary for the marksman to be only a few feet from the target to succeed. I believe it is a prototype."

"You mean there might not be any more?" Jonathan asked hopefully.

"Possibly. Yet."

"Who made this thing?" Martha took the gun from Max, with an expression that made Jonathan's heart ache. "Hamilton?"

"Dr. Hamilton has neither the skills nor the resources to manufacture such a mockery of the fine art of the fire arm."

"Luthor? Black Lagoon Boy?" Jonathan heard a car turning into the lane, and glanced over his shoulder. Oh, crap. Ethan Millar was coming up the drive. "Cheese it. It's the fuzz."

Martha laughed quietly. "And the boys think you're not cool."

"The boys do think I'm cool," Jonathan growled indignantly, weary of the constant assaults on his coolness. "That fuzz was ironic."

"Put the weapon away," Eli said, showing unmistakable signs that his patience was running thin with the amateurs.

Martha complied, and Moira tossed in the bullet she had been examining. "What is Deputy Dawg doing out here?"

"His job," Jonathan snapped as Eli closed the box and latched it. "Which sure as hell hasn't been easy lately."

"No offense intended," Moira said mildly.

"Martha, if you would be so kind." Eli stepped closer and handed her the box. "You are by far the least unsavory character among us."

Martha gave Eli an exasperated look and took the box. "I could be unsavory if I wanted to."

Eli's mouth twitched. "I have no doubt of this."

"So watch it."

"I am all attention."

The sheriff's car came to a halt in the drive, and Millar climbed out, looking like he hadn't slept in a while. "Afternoon, folks."

"Ethan," Jonathan said in as close to a normal tone as he could manage these days. "What's up?"

"Figured since I was out this way, I'd stop in and see if you'd found that phone number." Millar's inquisitive gaze swept over Max and Moira.

"Eddie Cole's brother in Metropolis," Jonathan said to Martha, and Martha nodded.

"I'll get it, Ethan. Just a second." Martha disappeared inside with the box.

"Don't believe we've met," Millar said to Max.

"I beg your pardon, Sheriff. This is my nephew Max and my niece Moira. They are visiting." Eli's pleasant smile was entirely too convincing. "It is so comforting to have the young people visit their old uncle. They are a blessing, yes? Always a blessing."

Strangely, Max and Moira didn't appear to be deeply touched by the sentiment, but shot dirty looks at their elderly uncle whenever Millar looked away.

"So it's definitely Eddie, then," Jonathan said, managing to keep a straight face, and kicking himself for having to try. He shouldn't be wanting to laugh when there was a man dead, even if that man had been a son of a bitch. He chalked it up to Eli's influence.

"So the coroner says. Dental records a match. Old Doc Wade wasn't very happy about opening his office on a Saturday, but there you go."

"Any clue yet what happened?"

Millar shrugged, his gaze sliding to Eli and back to Jonathan again. "Eddie was dead before the fire, that's for sure. Somebody smashed his head in. So it's homicide."

"Jesus. Who'd want to kill Eddie Cole? The man was a hermit."

"Believe it or not, he was working."

Oh, crap. "Flying?"

"No. Some kind of part-time gig at Belle Rève. I'm going out there later."

Oh, crap. "Watch your step. I've heard stories about that place."

Millar snorted. "Urban legends, Jonathan. You ought to know better than to believe that scuttlebutt."

"Here you go, Ethan." Martha closed the screen door behind her and crossed the porch with a paper in her hand. "Address and phone. It's a few years old, though."

Millar took it. "Not a problem. At least it's a place to start. Thank you, Martha." He folded the paper and tucked it in his shirt pocket.

"Is it true that someone blew up Mr. Cole's house?" Moira asked with wide, frightened eyes. "I thought this was a safe place for your retirement, Uncle Eli."

"The criminal element creeps in everywhere these days." Max looked appropriately disgusted. "The man was probably a drug-dealer or—"

"Now, now, Max." Eli gave him a reproving look. "Let us not speak ill of the dead."

"Oh, you'll find plenty of folks around here who are happy to speak ill of Eddie Cole, dead or otherwise," Millar said dryly. "He was a hell-raiser back in the day. But I can assure you, ma'am, that this is a peaceful community nowadays."

Jonathan dissolved into a fit of coughing.

Millar looked concerned. "You okay, Jonathan? Not pushing yourself too hard, are you?"

"Always," Martha said in an exasperated tone, sitting down beside Jonathan to rub his back, sneaking in a pinch or two. "Could I borrow some handcuffs, Ethan?"

Millar snorted. "Geez, Jonathan. Take it easy, will you?"

"Yeah, yeah." Jonathan caught his breath and cleared his throat.

"You should go inside and lie down," Martha said firmly. "Is there anything else you need, Ethan?"

"No, that's it for now. Oh, wait, there was something."

Oh, crap, crap, crap. Jonathan made a show of getting very slowly to his feet; Martha rose with him and put an arm around his waist. "Yeah?"

Millar turned to Max. "Why were you all over town looking for Whitney Fordman earlier, Mr….I'm sorry, I didn't catch your last name."

"Cohen," Max said with a harmless smile that made him look a lot younger than he was. "Because the little bastard rear-ended me and took off before I could get his information. I finally found a gas station attendant who could at least tell me his name."

"I see."

"Please tell me you're looking for him, too. That would make my day."

"I wouldn't mind having a word with him." Millar glanced up at Jonathan and Martha. "Or Lana, if I could find her."

Martha actually smiled. "I'm sure when you find one, you'll find the other. I hope this has nothing to do with—"

"Oh, probably not. Whitney's obviously been spending time with Eddie if he's learned how to fly that old eggbeater of his. We're just trying to cover all the bases."

Jonathan grimaced. Ethan never could tell a lie to save his life. "From what I hear, he's probably pulled off the road somewhere sleeping it off."

"Probably. Damn, I've never seen a kid self-destruct so quick." Millar shook his head and turned toward his car. "Thanks, folks. Jonathan, you take care, now."

"Thanks, Ethan." Jonathan realized he was holding his breath and let it go as Millar crossed the drive and climbed into his car. Goddamn. It was a hell of a thing when an honest man had to be worried about a visit from the sheriff, especially when he'd known the man his whole life. For the millionth time, Jonathan damned Lionel Luthor to eternal hellfire.

Max sighed. "Well, shit. Now I have to rear-end my car."

"I see I underestimated the good sheriff," Eli said softly. "He has intuition. They can be dangerous, men with intuition."

***

"I've come to ask whether you'd care to join my Owsla."

Lex knows he's flying, but not with Clark . He's flying like he did when his car flew off the bridge and into the river, alone over green hills and pale yellow primroses.

"If you're ready, we might go along now."

"Primroses aren't indigenous to North America," Lex said drowsily. 

"Lex."

Lex felt a hand on his cheek and struggled to open his eyes.

"You need to wake up now."

Martha. It was Martha. And something was wrong.

Lex's eyes flew open. He knew immediately that he'd slept too long; the sun's angle as it shone through Clark's window told him it was late afternoon. Martha was bending over him, pale and poised, and Jonathan and Eli were hovering by the door. Eli was speaking very softly into his cell phone. And then he understood.

"Pamela," Lex said, feeling nothing.

"Siobhan says to come at once." Martha's voice shook slightly.

Lex tried to climb off the bed, but found Clark's arm around him, restraining him.

"Lex." There were already tears in that voice.

"Come at once," Lex repeated calmly. "Of course." He started putting on his shoes. "I can be there in ten minutes."

"We can be there in ten minutes. I'll get the truck," Jonathan said briskly, exchanging glances with Eli.

"You're not going anywhere!" Lex staggered to his feet, half-leaning on Martha. "You just got out of fucking heart surgery, and you're not—"

"Get his jacket on him, Martha." Jonathan turned toward the door, only to be blocked by Eli, tucking his cell phone into his breast pocket with a grace Lex found profoundly obscene.

"The sedan is waiting." Eli's voice was somber and gentle. "It can accommodate us all."

"They're not going." Lex flinched inwardly as his voice rose, trying not to see Clark streaking into his shoes and seeing it anyway. "And where the hell do you think you're going?"

"Wherever you go." Clark took Lex's jacket from Martha and held it up. "Now, mastermind." 

God. They were all insane. Lex grit his teeth and shoved his arms into his jacket, then followed them down the hall, ignoring Moira's nod of sympathy as they passed Lana's door. Lana must still be asleep. Lex wished he were. He wished he were still flying over green fields of impossible primroses. He moved mechanically down the stairs, feeling Clark's hand on his back. Martha started putting her coat on, as if she were going to church, for God's sake. "The weapon. Hamilton. Fordman. Lionel. For God's sake, it's not safe, Eli. Make them stay home."

"Lex. We're not any less safe at your house than we are here." Martha kissed his cheek. "The safest place we can be is together."

"Listen to your m-- Listen to Martha, Lex." Jonathan was pulling on his coat; Lex could see him wince. "Whenever I don't, I wish to God I had."

Clark put on his jacket, his eyes never leaving Lex's face.

"I'm going to get you all killed." Lex's voice went hoarse. "Worse than killed."

"Sasha," Eli said with gentle authority. "Now." He held the door open, revealing Eli's black sedan sitting in the drive, and Max standing guard beside it. Lex could hear the engine running as Clark shepherded him through the door and down the steps into the dusk, Jonathan, Martha and Eli falling in behind them.

"You're not going to get anybody killed." Martha's voice was firm. "None of us have any intention of dying, Lex Luthor. Understood?"

The road to hell was paved with good intentions. Lex slid into the back seat after Clark, moving over to make room for Martha. She closed the door and instantly put her arm around him, as if he would either fly away or fly apart without her embrace. Eli and Jonathan climbed into the front seat, slammed their doors. 

"Vigilance," Eli said to Max through his open window.

Max nodded, uncharacteristically sober. "Understood."

Eli took off at an unusually high speed around the drive and down the lane. They were on the road to hell.

"Come at once," Lex said musingly, feeling Clark take his hand. "Isn't that what was in the telegram Mrs. March received?"

"Mrs. March?" Clark's voice sounded far away, even though Lex could feel him pressing close.

"Yes. Little Women. God-awful sanctimonious, maudlin drivel, for the most part, but it had its moments. Her best works were her sensation stories – published under a pseudonym, of course. A proper New England young lady doesn't write about murder and drug addiction and madness. Not unless she experiences them first, and I can't recommend the experience."

"You haven't murdered anyone, Lex." Jonathan's voice sounded like it was echoing in cave somewhere. "And you're not crazy or a drug addict."

"You have them in the wrong order. First comes murder. Then drug addiction. Then madness. The order is very important." Lex watched the blood-red sun sink behind the black clouds on the horizon.

"You are not going to murder anyone." Jonathan said it in the same tone he used whenever he spotted Lex in the vicinity of the washing machine.

"Oh, I think I am."

"Lex," Clark murmured in his ear. "Don't do this to yourself. Please." 

"And I'm going to enjoy it."

"You are not thinking clearly, Sasha." Eli's voice was like a rock. "This is not the time for momentous decisions."

"Momentous decisions. Yes, I suppose blowing Lionel Luthor's brains out would constitute something in the realm of the momentous."

"That's the last line," Martha said quietly. "You'd never be the same man again, Lex."

"I don't want to be the same man. I want…I want to be someone else. Someone else." Lex closed his eyes as Clark leaned his head against his. 

"I'm in love with this man," Clark whispered.

"Come at once," Lex mused, watching as the house came into view. He saw Eli draw a small touchpad from his breast pocket and key in the code to deactivate the exterior security grid. "The phrase is rather archaic. What do you think, Eli?"

"That the phrase is archaic." Eli parked in front of the house. "That you are the man you decide to be. And that someone is waiting for you who has not much time left to wait. Go." His voice was rough.

Clark opened his door, took Lex's hand and pulled him out of the car and toward the house; Lex was vaguely aware that Jonathan and Martha were at their heels, with Eli bringing up the rear. 

"It happened so fast." Clark sounded dazed as he pulled Lex up the porch steps and toward the front door. "How could it happen so fast?"

"It didn't." Lex clung to Clark's hand as they went through the door and across the main hall toward the staircase. "It's never fast." They both began taking the steps two at a time.

"She seemed fine yesterday." Clark's voice wobbled.

"She hasn't been fine for a long time." Lex's legs felt suddenly heavy. The second floor was looming into his field of vision. "Clark," he rasped. "Stay…stay where I can see you. Just stay—"

"I'm going to be right beside you." Clark's hand tightened around his.

"Beside me. Beside me is good." Beside him was essential. "Don't you think 'come at once' is an archaic phrase?"

"Yes." Clark pulled him gently up the last few steps. They had never seemed so steep before. Lex could hear Jonathan and Martha talking quietly with Eli below. "But it's the right thing to say."

Clark Kent, champion of all things archaic and quixotic. He could smell Pamela's room from here. It hadn't smelled that way a few hours ago, but it did now. It smelled like his mother's hospital room. He halted at the top of the steps, staring at the door to that dimly-lit room, unable to move. Clark turned toward him, his face drawn. Hurting when Lex hurt. It occurred to Lex that Clark had gotten the shitty end of the stick in that deal. He needed an agent.

"I don't know," Lex said, as if he were addressing the Board at LuthorCorp Headquarters. "I don't think—"

"Don't think," Clark whispered. "Remember." He pulled him down the hall.

Remember. Yes. Remember Pamela. Pamela lost, then found, and now lost again – but not in quite the same way. Now…now they'd always have Smallville. Lex suppressed a horrible desire to giggle. 

Teskey met them at the door. Lex was numbly surprised to see that her eyes were red, although not a tear fell, and not a trace of emotion touched that stern face. "It is difficult for her to speak." The words boomed down Lex's ear as if the woman were screaming them. "She has been in and out of an unconscious state for the past half hour."

Lex pushed his way inside. Yes. They all looked the same, the dying. From the inside out. He found himself moving to her side, sinking into the chair there as if this were just another visit, just another meeting of minds and hearts, of memory and hopeful futures, of books and battles of will.

She looked dead. Lex had seen dead, and this was it. He understood now why Clark thought it had happened quickly. Without the spark that was Pamela, this was a husk, like the dried corn husks he had trampled and tripped over six months ago in the snow, trying to hide from his loving father. The loving father who had made him hate this woman who loved him. Lex wondered if his loving father would make him hate Clark someday. Or Eli. Or Jonathan and Martha.

Lex could see the barely perceptible rise and fall of the covers over her chest. Breathing, and on her own. Even though she thought that she'd done everything she could do – for him, always for him – she couldn't stop fighting completely. It wasn't in her nature. If Lionel were to appear at her bedside, she'd kick him in the balls again, or stab him with her IV needle. Lex wondered what his mother would think of that. If she knew what had happened since she…left, she'd probably cheer Pamela on.

"Don't look like that." Lex started, suddenly aware of his surroundings again, of Clark kneeling beside him, of the Kents and Teskey and Eli hovering in the shadows at the foot of the bed. Of Pamela looking at him with sunken, sharp eyes. "It's not the end of the world." Her voice was feeble and raspy. "I'm just going to meet your mother for a girls' night out."

"God help the Great Beyond." Lex managed a passable imitation of his most acerbic tone.

Pamela actually smiled a little. "You know it. Well?" 

"You were right," Lex said unevenly.

Pamela's gaze traveled to Clark. "Not very bright about these things, is he?"

"He's a dumbass," Clark agreed, some of Pamela's smile mirrored in his face.

That smile faded quickly, and she groped along the bed until she found Clark's hand. She laid it over Lex's.

Lex knew he was breathing too quickly, too unevenly. Maintain. Maintain was a lie, a bad joke, a pointless exercise in hubris.

"I'll take care of him," Clark breathed. "I promise. We all will."

Pamela's weakening gaze swept the little group of people at the foot of the bed. "You're not alone. Take care of each other."

Lex nodded, not understanding a word.

Pamela drew a rattling breath. "Tell Lionel Luthor that every creaking door and cold draft is me."

"We'll tell him," Clark said with dark satisfaction.

"Eli."

Eli came forward to stand on the other side of the bed. "Tell me what I can do."

"Do not get yourself killed."

Eli barked a short laugh. "In this we are in agreement."

"Give him hell for me."

"He will know such hell as has never been experienced by mortal man."

"Keep them alive, Eli."

"I swear it."

"You've been a good friend," Pamela whispered.

"As have you. Always." Eli bent to stroke Pamela's hair, but a little choking sound from the foot of the bed drew Pamela's attention.

For one second, Lex saw a flash of the woman he had known. "Martha Kent, if you cry I will come back from the dead and kick your butt."

"Got it," Martha said shakily.

"There's no crying in the chariot."

"Okay, okay." Martha came forward to stand next to Eli. Her eyes were red, but her face was dry. "Boudicca has too many rules."

"Boudicca knows what she's doing. But it's your chariot, now, Martha."

"Where do I drive it?" Martha looked genuinely lost.

The light in Pamela's eyes turned wicked. "Right up Lionel Luthor's ass."

Martha visibly fought a smile, but the smile won. "I'll see what I can do."

"Jonathan Kent, you take care of yourself. I've heard about your shenanigans. If you show up in the Great Beyond before your time, you'll have me to deal with. Understood?"

"Yeah." Jonathan was grinning. "Understood."

"Do some good. You two have the power now. Do it."

"We will," Martha whispered. "I promise."

"Eli. The letters."

"I have them all."

"Good. Good." Pamela's gaze shifted back to Lex's face. She lifted her hand to rest it against his cheek. "Your mother will be so proud when I tell her who you are, Alexander. She will have bragging rights till the end of time."

Lex tried to say something, but his throat was closed.

"And so will I." Pamela's voice was fading. "No creaky doors. No cold drafts. Just a warm breeze and lavender for you. Remember."

"I'll remember," Lex croaked.

"Finish it."

Lex stared at her in confusion for a moment, then realized what she was asking. "The end?" he whispered.

"The epilogue," Pamela murmured. "Not the same as the end."

"But you already know the…epilogue."

Pamela started to gasp for air, but Lex had the oxygen mask in place before Teskey could move. He met Pamela's dwindling gaze, and knew that those were the last words he'd hear her say. Picking up the book on the night table, he opened it to the epilogue and began to read, barely hearing his own voice.

"One chilly, blustery morning in March, I cannot tell exactly how many springs later, Hazel was dozing and waking in his burrow. He had spent a good deal of time there lately, for he felt the cold and could not seem to smell or run so well as in days gone by." 

Eli's voice was no more than a murmur.

"B'ya-do af-kid ru-chi, 

b'eit i-shan v'a-i-ra

v'im ru-chi g'vi-ya-ti

Adonai li, v'lo i-ra."

Lex heard the translation as if someone were speaking it. Perhaps someone was. 

"Everlasting God, Creator of all that lives: although I pray for healing and continued life, still I know that I am mortal. Give me courage to accept my kinship with all who have come before me."

"He had been dreaming in a confused way--something about rain and elder bloom--when he woke to realize that there was a rabbit lying quietly beside him -- no doubt some young buck who had come to ask his advice. The sentry in the run outside should not really have let him in without asking first. Never mind, thought Hazel."

"Alas, over the years, I have committed many wrongs; I know, too, I left much undone. Yet I also know the good I did or tried to do. That goodness imparts an eternal meaning to my life."

"He raised his head and said, "Do you want to talk to me?" "Yes, that's what I've come for," replied the other. "You know me, don't you?" "Yes, of course," said Hazel, hoping he would be able to remember his name in a moment. Then he saw that in the darkness of the burrow the stranger's ears were shining with a faint silver light. "Yes, my lord," he said. "Yes, I know you."

"And, as You are with me, so, I know, are You with my loved ones. This comforts my soul, O God my Rock and Redeemer."

"'You've been feeling tired,'" said the stranger, "'but I can do something about that. I've come to ask whether you'd care to join my Owsla. We shall be glad to have you and you'd enjoy it. If you're ready, we might go along now.' 

"Into Your hands I commend my spirit, both when I sleep and when I wake. Body and soul are Yours, O God, and in Your presence I cast off fear and am at rest."

"They went out past the young sentry, who paid the visitor no attention. The sun was shining and in spite of the cold there were a few bucks and does at silflay, keeping out of the wind as they nibbled the shoots of spring grass." 

"Lex." Clark's voice was wobbling.

"It seemed to Hazel that he would not be needing his body any more, so he left it lying on the edge of the ditch, but stopped for a moment to watch his rabbits and to try to get used to the extraordinary feeling that strength and speed were flowing inexhaustibly out of him into their sleek young bodies and healthy senses." 

"Lex, she's…she's gone."

It meant nothing.

"'You needn't worry about them,'" said his companion. "'They'll be all right--and thousands like them. If you'll come along, I'll show you what I mean.'" He reached the top of the bank in a single, powerful leap. Hazel followed; and together they slipped away, running easily down through the wood, where the first primroses were beginning to bloom." 

Lex closed the book and laid it very gently on the night stand, as if it might shatter if handled too roughly. He raised Pamela's hand to his lips and kissed it, just like he always did. Then he released Clark's hand and rose to stride for the door.

"Lex, don't—"

"Let him go, son." Jonathan's voice was broken. "Give him a minute."

Yes. Yes. A minute was all it would take.

***