Roy was a soldier, Squall could tell by the way he held himself, his movements-- it was familiar, since he'd been trained alongside a whole group like him. The other three, though, they didn't move the same. They were strong, no doubt, but they didn't have the same enforced control of someone who'd run endless drills under a sergeant's watchful eye.

The one called Vincent had an entirely different kind of control, and it reminded Squall uneasily of the training drones the instructors had once brought out against his class. They'd been put in darkened rooms, and the drones had come sweeping down silently from the ceiling corners, smooth-jointed, there and gone again in a blink. That was the sort of control Vincent had, the kind of stillness that hid a threat until it was right on top of you. If he'd been trained as a spy or an assassin at some point, Squall would not have been surprised.

The other two were harder to figure out until he realized why the peculiar swagger they both had looked familiar: he'd seen the same type of movement from the few instructors at the Academy who still favoured swords as their primary weapons. It came from having a blade at your hip, learning how to move with it and not smack yourself in the legs all the time. Guy and Luke did it more naturally than even those masters had ever done, which made him wonder just how many years they'd been stuck in a tube.

All in all, they made an odd but dangerous group descending down into the city. Even if they didn't seem to have a single weapon between them, but good weapons weren't easy to come by. Who knew what the hell had happened to his own gear.

He found himself hoping the Academy was still there. It had always been a pain in the ass, but he was reasonably certain he could find a weapon there, or at the very least some clothes. He was keenly aware that he was wearing borrowed clothing, and not only because nothing fit quite right. He knew that when trainees didn't make it through the program, their belongings were boxed and sent to their families-- or stored in an infamous room in the main building's basement.

It would probably feel a little like grave robbing, going through all of those boxes, but Squall wasn't entirely sure he cared.

Once on street level, Squall quickly figured out that they were in one of the industrial districts, formerly filled with neat blocks of dull grey buildings, nameless and windowless and official. Whatever they had once been, they'd fallen into disrepair along with everything else, but Squall had to admit they were the perfect location for an operation like the one he'd somehow found himself in the middle of.

It wasn't hard to plot them a course through the city to their destination. It wasn't even that far, the Academy having been built away from the main residential and business areas-- in theory because the Academy's founders had wanted to avoid disturbing the city residents, but mainly Squall figured that those residents weren't too fond of having would-be-mercenaries shooting at things in any proximity to their back yards.

When they arrived, the gates at the edge of the Academy property were bent from their hinges, the metal plaque that had once announced its presence was scratched over and all but illegible. That, more than anything, served to bring home to Squall that it really might have been fifty years later than his mind told him it should be-- ridiculous to doubt it, given everything else he'd seen, but it was only in that moment that it somehow became real. There was rust on the broken hinges; the deeply gouged scratches were weathered to the same colour as the rest of the plaque.

Squall looked beyond the gates, at the bulk of the Academy buildings standing hazy in the distance, and wondered what else they'd find.

What a shithole, hunh, princess? They think I'm gonna cozy up with all these other guys, make my bed and shine my boots like a good little soldier, fuck, they got another thing comin'. You wait and see, I'm gonna rule this place.

In the end, it was a little disappointing. Whatever signs there might have been of what had happened, they'd weathered away long since. The buildings were even mostly intact, though the administration complex had gaping holes where its banks of shiny windows had been, and when they passed by their boots crunched on hidden shards of broken glass. Everything was empty-- the grass on the practice yard was waist-high and gone to seed, wilder than the groundskeepers had ever let it grow in Squall's day. It was quiet, no one yelling and no guns firing.

At a questioning look, Squall pointed them towards the barracks, and trailed along after them in a stunned kind of silence as they started out.

The barracks was just a series of long, narrow rooms filled with bunks, arrayed around a central mess hall. Inside, Squall saw with something like relief, the signs were a little more immediate. The tables were toppled, or broken, or in one memorable case charred at the edges-- though that could easily have been the result of an over-enthusiastic student with his first blast rifle. The floor was littered with the debris of the lives of those who had lived there once, papers and bits of gear mixed with the grass and dust tracked in by countless boots.

"This," Squall heard Luke mutter, "is freaking creepy. Where is everyone? You'd think even if the place had been abandoned, you'd have squatters or someone else coming in to use the space."

"Don't knock it," Guy murmured back, sounding kind of amused. "All the better for us; this'll be a great place to set up for a few days, if there's really no one around."

"Don't speak too soon. Look," Roy said quietly, pointing. They looked, and saw footprints marked into the dust on the floor, more recent than they had any right to be. "We should search the building," Roy went on, still not much louder than before-- there was something about the silence that was oppressive. "Split up, make sure--"

Even as he was saying that, one of the doors at the far end of the hall swung open hard, and a tall figure in a long pale coat strode through. It kicked at a fallen chair, cursed at a few random objects as he kicked them aside, and finally noticed the lot of them standing near the doorway. Broad shoulders squared aggressively as the newcomer started their way.

"Who th' fuck are you?" he demanded. "What th' fuck is goin' on here?"

The words sent a shock down Squall's spine; he was stepping forward before he knew it, taking a few steps towards the newcomer, not even really seeing their face-- he did see that person's eyes land on him, though, and widen, as the angry words cut off mid-breath.

Squall's feet kept carrying him forward; he was only a few steps away, within touching distance.

He kept moving, the other person kept moving. They met in mid-step, arms coming up to clutch, mouths clashing hard enough that Squall tasted blood.

From a distance, he heard a groan. "Not again," Roy's voice said.

"Come on," Guy's voice added quietly. "The least we can do is not give them an audience."

He might have heard the sound of a door opening and closing after that, but it didn't seem important. What was important was the way hands were clutching at his hips, pulling him forward, the way his own hand was holding a fistful of hair to keep their mouths firmly together. He didn't feel the impact of his knees on the floor, but he noticed when the other person gave a heave and pressed his back down on the stone, rolling over top of him, grinding down and down and again until he himself broke the lock of their lips and tossed his head back with a shout that was soon echoed into the skin of his throat.

Panting, Squall lay with his eyes closed, limp on the floor with the other's body on top of him-- and slowly, as he caught his breath, started to realize what he'd just done.

He went rigid under the other's body, felt the other jerk away a few inches at the exact same moment. Looking up, he met a pair of eyes that were just as startled and confused as he felt, which would have been reassuring if he hadn't recognized the face they were attached to.

"You," he spat, and saw the face above his go completely closed for the instant before an all-too-familiar smirk spread out to fill the void.

"Well, now," said the voice from his memory. "Hello, princess."

***

Guy made sure to make a little extra noise while digging through the pile of boxes in the corner--not that they could hear anything through he thick concrete of the walls, but it somehow seemed the polite thing to do, just in case. He noticed Luke being a little more enthusiastic than usual, too, in pulling out the few food supplies they had left and taking stock.

The turn of events wasn't surprising, not really-- it was something they had already come to accept as part of the whole mess that was their new and altered lives. Didn't make it any less awkward to see happening right in front of them. And for Luke and him, at least, it was personal-- they knew what it was like to be the ones in that position, after all.

Guy couldn't remember much about the moment Vincent had pulled him bodily out of the tank he'd been sealed in-- not as refined a design as the one in which they'd found Squall, being probably the better part of a century older. The hatch on the front of it very nearly hadn't opened at all, and he'd been running out of air, or whatever passed for air-- he'd been panicking, with his vision starting to go dark, and then there was a hand around his wrist and he was hauling in great gasps of air through lips that felt numb and swollen with cold.

Those moments-- he was grateful, most days, that he only vaguely remembered them.

What he did remember, with a vivid clarity, was looking over just moments later as Roy hauled a gasping Luke out of the tube next to him, both of them dripping with some dark, greenish liquid. Guy was pretty sure he could barely sit up at that moment, much less stand, but he'd somehow managed to be at Luke's side in the next moment, shoving Roy out of the way with a strength that surprised him.

He had barely been able to breathe himself until Luke had finally drawn a breath without coughing, and opened his eyes. They had looked at each other--

And then somehow, they had been clinging to each other, rolling across the floor heedless of the empty hatches gaping in the wall behind them and the two men looking on not more than five paces away. Later, he would never be able to describe why, exactly, it had happened-- it had simply been impossible not to. In that moment, the only thing in the world that mattered had been Luke.

They had been mortified, after; Luke hadn't been able to meet either of their new companions' eyes for days. He'd barely been able to meet Guy's eyes, after coming back to himself naked and wrapped around him on the floor of some mad scientist's laboratory.

It obviously had something to do with whatever had been done to them. He could tell when Luke was hurt; his own hands still itched from the after-effects of phantom mako burns. And there were times when he just needed to touch, needed to reassure some part of himself that Luke was alive and breathing and there. Beyond that, though, they just didn't have the information to say anything for sure. No one could adequately explain why the connection took them so hard the first time, or why it happened between some of them and not others. He and Luke had never been intimate before, not in all the years they'd known each other, but they'd come together without hesitation that first time, without even thinking about it, without being able to think about anything else.

It had gotten easier, in the long months since that moment. The overwhelming need that still overcame them sometimes was a little disconcerting, but it seemed unavoidable, so-- Guy had started trying to accept that this was simply the way things now were. In the long run, after all, there were worse fates than needing to have very good, regular sex with your best friend for the rest of your life.

"We need to resupply before we move on," Luke said at last, one hand rummaging in their packs and a faint frown on his face. "I don't really like the idea of spending too much time in the city, but--"

"There may be supplies here that we could salvage," Roy suggested, lifting a brow, and Guy wrinkled his nose.

"Freeze-dried crap," Luke muttered, clearly sharing the sentiment. "Yeah, I mean, we'll take that with us if we find it," he went on, louder, "but it'd be good to have something fresh for a change, don't you think, while we've got the cha--"

The door banged open with enough force to rebound off the wall as Squall came storming in, looking a little dishevelled and thoroughly pissed-- and not meeting any of their eyes, so probably embarrassed as well. Guy barely knew the man, but he seemed the type that wouldn't let himself be seen to lose control very often. There were a few bunks still standing in the room, though the mattresses were slashed or stained or just plain missing. Squall threw himself down on one of them, regardless. He put his back to the rest of the room, and didn't move.

Guy started to count down, knowing what was probably coming next. Sure enough, when he hit one the stranger shoved through the door after Squall, eyes immediately searching for and settling on the body on the cot. The body which was still resolutely turned away despite having undoubtedly heard the door.

When he saw Squall, only then did the stranger's shoulders relax, the faint frown on his face disappear. It was with a great show of nonchalance that he sauntered over to the rest of them and nodded a greeting.

"So," the man said in a tone of casual arrogance, "I'm guessin' I'm not the only one lost in the middle of someone else's fuck-up." He stopped at the edge of their circle, and jerked his chin in a kind of greeting. "Seifer Almasy."

Guy nodded slowly in return, eyeing the newcomer speculatively-- there was a scar between his eyes, a mirror of the one on Squall's face, and he wondered if there was a story there-- then shrugged it off with a faint smile. The guy looked cocky, sure, but he'd grown up around royalty and had a bit of a tolerance for that sort of thing. "Guy Cecil," he said in return, then went around the circle and made introductions.

Seifer took it all in with a deceptively careless air, then without another word settled himself next to their food and started rummaging. He pulled out a sealed, foil-wrapped package and made a face. "More of the same shit. What I wouldn't give for a steak, eh?" Seifer gave them all a sidelong grin, and Guy had to laugh. It was a universal constant: every soldier loved his food.

"Have you found supplies in here?" Luke asked.

"Like this? Yeah, there's stuff stashed in a few places, if you know where to look. Looks like the entire Academy got pretty much stripped clean, but obviously not by anyone who'd actually gone here, y'know?"

"The armory?" Squall asked, breaking his silence and rolling over.

"Still there," Seifer answered, then swung to his feet when Squall rolled over and started for the door. "Whoa, whoa; hold up, princess. Plenty of time for that. Right now I'd like to hear what the nice people have to say about what the fuck is going on."

"Feel free," Squall muttered. But when Seifer stepped between him and the door, he stopped instead of moving to step around. "Fuck off, Seifer," he said lowly.

"Yeah, you looked like you enjoyed that," Seifer shot back with a sharp little grin. "But maybe not right now, hunh?"

Squall's glare intensified; Guy winced and wondered whether they were going to be witness to a fight-- or to another awkward scene like earlier. But in the end Squall just growled under his breath and spun on his heel to come sit near the rest.

"You care to elaborate on all those things you don't know?" Squall said challengingly, obviously still pissed, and embarrassed, and pissed as a result of being embarassed. He was very carefully ignoring the presence of Seifer in the room, now that he wasn't facing the man directly. "I think there may be a few parts you left out."

Seifer, for his part, snatched up one of the packets of rations and tore it open as he settled to the floor, appearing to ignore Squall as well.

Guy sighed inwardly. Yeah, this wasn't going to be awkward at all.

"This is what we've been able to piece together," he said, when no one else volunteered to start. "Sometime in the past, a group of scientists started to collect human subjects. It started at least a couple hundred years ago, because that's when Luke and I were taken," he added tonelessly. Seifer's eyes went a little wide for a second; Squall remained expressionless. "We don't know why they did it. We don't know exactly what they did to us. Whatever it was, it's made us stronger, faster than we were before. We've been reluctant to be seen to carry weapons, but the times we've used them, we were all better with them than we ever remember being."

"Whatever they did," Roy added quietly, "it was intended to make us better soldiers. It seems obvious to me that they meant us for war."

Guy nodded, conceding the point without a fight. "We, personally, have investigated four facilities like the one we found you in, Squall. Looking for information and survivors, as we said. There are two other teams out looking, as well, in different parts of the world, and we'll meet up again with them once we search one last location."

"How many of you are there?" Seifer asked curiously.

"Alive?" Roy remarked. "Far fewer than were the alternative."

"When we split up, there were eleven of us," Luke said. "Now there are the two of you, too, plus anyone that the other teams managed to find. We're out of contact with them, so we can't say for sure."

"Why not just ask?" Seifer asked snidely. "How long you guys been locked up, anyway, that you haven't heard of phones?"

"Communications are mostly down," Roy said sharply. "Planetwide and inter-world, save for a few very tightly controlled private networks. You've been out for a while too, remember; don't assume you know anything."

"That's the next part," Guy cut in, before things could get ugly. "At some point, while we were all out, something big happened. Whatever it was, it ended in riots and the complete and total collapse of government."

"Which government?" Squall asked.

"All of them," Roy answered somberly.

"In any case," Guy continued, "when all of that went down, the labs were abandoned with the test subjects still inside. The worlds went to shit, and here we are," he finished with a shrug.

"Sounds like fun," Seifer commented, with a smile that said he maybe wasn't joking. "Wish I coulda seen it."

Squall very nearly glared at Seifer, but Guy saw him catch himself in time. "None of this answers the question of why," he challenged, staring intently around the rest of the circle instead.

"That," Guy said flatly, "is what we really don't know. And what we've been working on finding out."

***

"So," Seifer drawled when the conversation had lagged too long-- he'd never enjoyed silences, especially when there were still things that people needed to tell him. "What about what happened to me an' the princess here? Not that I've ever been that picky about what I fucked," he added, just for fun, "but this is a bit much even for me."

Squall didn't say anything, didn't so much as twitch a muscle in that tight little scowl of his, but long practice let Seifer know that the remark hit home.

"It happens sometimes," the skinny blond one, Guy, said uncertainly, looking back and forth between him an' Squall, kinda wary. Smart, that one; they'd nearly broken one of their classmates' ribs for him once when the guy was stupid enough to get between them. Hadn't meant to, but really, the guy shoulda known better. He wouldn't've made a good SEED anyway, if he didn't know how to read the situation. "This'll be the third time that we know of. So far it's been between people who knew each other before-- sounds like that's still true."

"Oh yeah, me an' Squall here go way back." He tapped a finger against the scar on his forehead, and knew the others would draw the connection between it and the one decorating Squall's own face.

"Okay, well, best guess is that it's either a side-effect of something else they did to us, or something they tried that just went wrong."

Luke snorted. "Yeah," he muttered, "if they actually intended that, then they were all just a bunch of perverts."

Seifer couldn't help but agree.

"So, what happens, then? I wake up, I see the princess here and get the urge to fuck him through the floor, that's it, we're done?" he pushed on, and not only because it was making Squall squirm on the inside. Because that wasn't it, and he knew it even before the others exchanged those fucking annoying looks that people gave each other when they didn't want to tell the truth. He could feel Squall like an itch in his brain, and he'd already had to stop himself twice from reaching out just to touch his arm or some shit, what the fuck. Whatever was going on, it wasn't over.

"You know what," he said before anyone else could decide, "never mind. I'm sick of talkin'." He grabbed another pack of the tasteless rations, and stood-- feeling the pull of Squall behind him like a cord hooked into his gut, trying to haul him back to the sullen bastard's side. It wasn't any words of his that had made Squall stay earlier, he knew; it had to be the same sort of pull in him.

Just fuckin' peachy, he thought sourly. And the worst of it was that he had no fucking idea what to do about it.

***

"You guys wanna get yourselves some weapons, or what?" Seifer called over his shoulder, heading for the door.

Squall was up almost instantly, though he managed to do it while still maintaining an air of indifference, which was impressive. Roy had to admire the man's stubborn, sullen adherence to his grudge, even if it was more than a little childish.

Roy himself stood and stretched, following more sedately-- more out of curiousity than anything else, but he supposed it couldn't hurt to see what sorts of things the famed mercenary academy was capable of squirreling away. The others fell in behind as well, and they made an odd little cavalcade following the broad form of Seifer through the twists of hallway. They eventually found themselves in some remote corner of some basement of a building at the far edge of the complex, shouldering open a heavy door that showed only darkness inside until Seifer slammed a hand into the solar switch, activating the single dim bank of lights that, by some miracle, still worked.

The collection revealed, Roy had to admit, was impressive.

"Holy shit," he heard Luke breathe behind him. "Where did all of these come from?"

"It's not the official Academy armory, if that what you're wonderin'," Seifer said, remarkably offhand for someone standing in front of enough various weaponry to arm a small country. "This is stuff the students found, bought, stole, borrowed, built, salvaged, whatever. Unofficial, y'know? Kind of an unspoken rule that you take what you need, give back what you don't, and don't rat to the instructors about it."

"Like they didn't know," Roy heard Squall mutter. Seifer obviously heard him as well, because he snorted.

"Yeah, well, most of them graduated from here, so, obviously. But that just meant they knew the rules, too."

The others finally broke tableau, wandering into the room to poke at the items lining the walls. Roy glanced over some of the pieces right near the door, smiling bemusedly when he caught sight of something that looked like plate armour at the back, directly off a page in a history book. He wondered just how long the students of Balamb had been building their collection, and whether they ever actually threw anything out.

"Here's a question," Seifer said, drawing his attention. The tall man was standing a few short steps to one side, watching the others search. "Why aren't you guys armed already?"

"We had weapons," Roy corrected, "but we left them outside the city. Didn't want to draw that kind of attention with so many people around."

Seifer arched an eyebrow, looking down at him from that annoying height. "Can't say I think that much of you leavin' your defences behind like that."

Roy sighed inwardly, not surprised that it had come to this-- Seifer was obviously used to being in charge of his own little sphere, and to challenging anyone who entered it. Roy, however, figured that he was far too old to be involved in that sort of business, and quite frankly he was tired of the posing and posturing. So he bent and picked up a piece of that old armour, some heavy molded thing that probably weighed as much as some children. He held it up between them at head-height-- and squeezed, bending it easily into a twisted scrap of iron. When he let go, it felt to the floor with a clang, the marks of his fingers still clearly visible at the narrowest point. "If we needed to defend ourselves," he said mildly, "we could."

Seifer's eyebrows went up; Squall, watching from a short distance away, looked reluctantly impressed. And moments later both gained a speculative look about them; Roy caught Seifer eyeing the rest of that suit of armour, like maybe he wanted to try, and sighed again.

Children.

Luke made a vague sound of discovery from deeper in the room; they turned to find him holding up a sword, solid and worn but obviously well-made even to Roy's admittedly limited experience. Guy, curious, started poking in the same corner, and eventually he pulled out another sword, long and slender and desperately in need of honing, but he gave it a long speculative look and brought it over into the light regardless.

Vincent was looking at the selection of guns; Roy went over to join him, a little more curious than he'd been. The quality of the collection truly was far better than the few stockpiles they'd been able to find to that point, he admitted to himself. If he could find something that suited him better than the substandard stock they'd scavenged before--

Vincent tossed him a piece before he'd done more than glance at the first rack. "Incendiary rounds," he said. "Limited stock, but there's a reloader."

"Really, now. That sounds promising." He looked at the piece with a new interest, hefting it experimentally. Not too heavy, not too big-- it might be useful to have. Most people these days, as they'd seen in their travels, had moved away from projectile weapons, likely due to the increasingly limited supply of ammunition. Even the energy technology that had been under development when he remembered being free, which had apparently seen much heavier use in the following decades, had also been set aside because they were difficult to recharge and maintain without dedicated facilities. So they were back to melee warfare once again, which was rather amusing in an abstract sort of way. Hundreds of years of development, and they were still left to kill each other with their bare hands.

Still, it meant that warriors like Luke and Guy weren't at nearly the disadvantage they might have been. And it meant they could all be confident that they could defend themselves with their bare hands, if need be-- the weaponry that could have stopped them was, for the most part, long gone.

The sound of metal on stone, ringing, came from behind, and he glanced over to find Squall pulling out a bright, deadly-looking gunblade. Obviously familiar to him, from the comfortable way he held it, the way he automatically flicked open all of the appropriate chambers to check for wear or rust. If Seifer's explanation of this room was to be believed then maybe it had been his, once upon a time. Or maybe he'd just used something similar; either way, it was good choice so long as he knew how to use it. Best of both worlds, the new and the old.

Seifer waited by the door, arms crossed over his chest, waiting for them and looking vaguely amused. When they were done, they each had a few things of interest, to be picked over and cleaned upstairs where it was more comfortable.

Seifer led the way again, though he broke off briefly to duck into another of the barracks rooms. He was back before Squall could do more than twitch in his direction, carrying a small bundle of clothes and a gunblade of his own slung over one shoulder. He wordlessly carried those few of his belongings in to the room they'd claimed as their own, settling them with the other packs and just sort of-- making himself at home. The boy certainly didn't lack for confidence, Roy reflected wryly, that was certain.

Luke yawned, and tried to stifle it; Guy said something quietly to him, prompting an equally quiet laugh, and the two of them wandered off to the bunks, arranging their blankets on one of the more intact mattresses and curling up together. Roy saw Seifer following them with a quirked eyebrow, before his eyes slid to Squall again, narrow, considering.

Squall, stiff-backed, went back to the bunk he'd been using earlier and sat down with his gunblade across his lap, beginning to clean it carefully. Roy snorted to himself; the message couldn't have been clearer. He'd probably sleep with the damned weapon beside him that night, too.

Those two would really have to work things out, soon, if they wanted to be able to function at all. Though it certainly was amusing to watch them try to pretend nothing was going on, he imagined there was only so much of it any of them would be able to take.