Rimmer jabbed the 'up' button again and glared at the stubbornly closed lift doors. He'd just finished another wholly unsatisfactory day with Z-shift and saw no reason to finish his bad mood just because he was off duty. He was exhausted -- thirty-three vending machines had needed maintenance today and he was ready to go and sleep for a couple of hours before he got stuck into some serious studying. Four hours of Pierre Chomsky whittering on about his impending promotion had done nothing for him either -- the only reason Chomsky hadn't been promoted already, like most of the rest of Z-shift (bar Lister, and Rimmer himself of course), was because he was forty-eight, only knew a few words of English, and had two hearing aids.

Finally, the lift arrived. It disgorged no passengers -- at this time of the day everyone who had a proper job was still working. But there was one person in there when Rimmer went in, and it was a woman. Rimmer deliberately took a long time choosing his floor from the touch-screen so that he could sneak little sideways glances at her. Her head was swathed in a white bandage, but the hair curling from underneath it was brunette, and her face was very pretty. Rimmer sat across from her and tried not to stare openly, but it was difficult. She looked at him and smiled.

Something inside Rimmer's mind ticked over. His mouth opened, and he winced, prepared for some kind of inanity to babble out. And as it happened, he wasn't far wrong... at least to begin with.

'Um, excuse me for asking, but why the... white? Are you a Buddhist or something?' He thought it was Buddhists who wore turbans, wasn't it? Or something like that. Maybe it was Hindus. Maybe it wasn't anybody. Oh God, what a stupid question to ask, no matter who it was!

She smiled again. 'No. Actually, I've just come from the medi-bay, concussion ward; I was down in the cargo bay looking for someone when I got hit on the head. They told me later that someone dropped a winch on me. I was lucky to get away with only a concussion. I'm so glad I'm free -- I was in there for weeks.'

'Oh.' Rimmer's mind thought frantically about something clever to say while his mouth continued on its merry way without him. 'That's so sad. I mean, I'm sorry. Um... do you feel all right?'

He couldn't believe it; she actually giggled. 'I'm fine, Rimmer.'

'Whu- how did you know my name?' He still didn't know hers, and couldn't see her nametag from where he was sitting.

Getting up, she came and sat beside him. McGruder, he read. 'I know you. Actually, I've known you for a while. I just never got a chance to speak to you -- you were always so busy.'

Why on Earth did she pay any attention to him? 'Sorry.'

'It's not your fault.' She held out one hand. Though short, her nails were well-kept, and her skin was soft when Rimmer touched it. 'Yvonne McGruder. Geo-mapper, second class.'

'Arnold J. Rimmer, first tech... wait, you already know that.' Nervousness had given way to a kind of boldness. 'Where are you headed now?'

'Quarters. I need a bath and a decent sleep.'

'I'd like to see that,' Rimmer said without thinking. Then he went red. 'I mean... because nobody ever gets proper sleep on here, I mean because there's always something, jobs, work to be done...' Nervousness was king again.

McGruder was laughing again. 'Rimmer. I knew what you meant. Don't worry.' She squeezed his hand and let it go. 'And don't panic.'

For want of anything to say, Rimmer looked up at the floor indicator, and realised that they were crawling even slower than usual. 'This lift's slower than rush hour,' he muttered.

'Why do they call it 'rush' hour? It's the slowest time of day. Everything gets backed up,' McGruder said. 'It's worse on some planets than others, though.'

'Where do you live?' Rimmer asked.

'I have a place on Miranda, but it's probably been condemned,' McGruder said. 'I brought nearly everything with me. It's alright. I don't even miss it any more.'

'I miss home, but not my family. They were all terrible,' Rimmer said.

'You're roommates with Dave Lister, aren't you?' McGruder asked.

Oh. Here it comes. He'd seen this before, once or twice. Some woman would talk to him in hopes of getting a date with Lister. Why any woman would be so desperate to be with Lister, let alone to go by such a circuitous route to get him, was right over Rimmer's head.

'If you mean the curry-eating semi-human bloke who sleeps in the top bunk, yes. "Lister"'s only a nominal title for him. "Scumbag" might be better. Or "Human Garbage Disposal".' Great one. That's really going to ingratiate her to you.

But she was laughing again. 'You're funny. I like you!' She looked at him closely. 'You're cute, too.'

Rimmer felt a hot flush spread over his face from the chin up. Simultaneously, a hot flush spread somewhat lower down. She really did like him. His mouth opened and responded completely independently of his brain.

'Are you sure you're not still concussed?'

Rather than taking offence, she shook her head. 'No. I know what you mean -- you don't get much attention, do you?' A polite way of saying that she'd noticed that nobody ever spoke to him unless they were insulting him, and that the only women who noticed him were the ones who fell over him in the corridor when he was trying to fix a dispenser.

'Not really...' Rimmer tried to look disinterested. 'I don't really care.'

'Oh.' McGruder recognised this game. 'Then I guess you don't really want to come have supper with me in my quarters tonight. I guess I'll have to ask Todhunter instead.'

Rimmer's vaguely indifferent front collapsed. 'Oh... no. No, I'll come, if you want. Where's your room?'

She wrote the number for him on the back of his hand, her little hands holding his feeling warm and gentle. He had to quell the thought of those hands elsewhere on his body. 'Seven o'clock all right?'

'Sounds good.'

They kept talking until the floor indicator beeped softly, and then Rimmer had to get off the lift and wave goodbye, calling 'See you later!'... and meaning it.

'Oh, you liar. I don't believe you.'

'It's true, Listy.' Rimmer waved his hand in front of Lister's face. 'Look, she wrote it herself. Her room number, the time. I have a date! I have a date!'

Lister's face split into a reluctant grin. 'Well. I guess I'm forced to believe you. What's her name again?'

'Yvonne. Yvonne McGruder.'

Lister hooted. 'Ha! She's just come out of the concussion ward! She probably has no idea who you really are, Rimmer. Obviously no sane woman could possibly want to date you.'

'She does! She's fine, you gimboid, or they never would've released her.' Rimmer was seething. 'You better not have spilled anything on my best shirt -- I know you were the one who left those dried peas stuck to it last time.'

Lister fished under his pillow and threw a white -- ish -- shirt at his roommate. 'There ya go, smeghead. Enjoy. Need any instructions?'

'I think,' Rimmer said in a very sarcastic tone, 'that I know how to behave around women, Lister.'

'I think,' Lister said, 'that I'm gonna be so happy when you finally get laid. You're such an uptight virgin that it's not funny. You need to learn that work is no substitute for the love of a woman.' He grinned, blew Rimmer a kiss, and jumped down off the bunk.

'Where are you going?'

'For an idle walk through the Drive Room.' He grinned. 'Be a good boy.' And then he was gone.

As soon as he'd closed the door behind him, Rimmer yelled, 'Lock!' and dove for Lister's bunk. He knew there were a few Playboys hidden under the mattress. There wasn't time to sleep this afternoon. He had to get ready, and that included brushing up on a few... details.

'Who?'

'He's a technician, Fel. I know I've mentioned his name before.' McGruder squinted into the mirror, holding her tweezers. 'Come and check my eyebrows, will you?'

'They're fine,' her roommate said without looking. 'I think I know the name Rimmer... isn't he the one who failed the nav exam because he didn't sleep the entire week before and started hallucinating that the other examinees were actually a posse of miniature giant space hamsters?' She grinned. 'Von, you're pushing it. You're concussed and he's a moron... what a pair.'

'Fel, shut up,' McGruder said.

'I wouldn't worry about your eyebrows. He'll probably think they're caterpillars anyway.'

'Fel...'

'That's if he doesn't think you're a caterpillar making a cocoon, with that great thing on your head.'

'FORTUNE! SHUT UP!'

'He he,' Fortune said.

McGruder sighed and went back to staring into the mirror. 'What if he doesn't like me?' she said to it. 'What if he thinks I'm revolting?'

'Well, not to put too fine a point on it, but Bachman told me, and I quote, 'He's not copped a root yet'. He won't be too fussy. Besides, anyone who doesn't think you're absolutely ravishing is insane.' Fortune hopped down from her bunk and started pulling on her thigh-high boots.

'Where are you going?' McGruder asked.

'Idle stroll through the Drive Room to see who and what's happening.'

'If you're going after Kochanski again...'

'Trust me, Von.' Fortune grinned. 'I'll stay away tonight.' She wriggled out of her uniform shirt and into a boob tube. 'I bet I'll find someone kind enough to lend me a bunk for the night. Failing that, I can always pass out on the dance floor.' She traded her regulation skirt for a mini. 'See you later, all right?' she sashayed out of the door and was gone.

As soon as she had left, McGruder locked the door and ran for the shower. She felt disgusting after all that time in the medi-bay with only sponge baths, and she needed to get clean.

At seven, on the dot, Rimmer knocked on the door of McGruder's quarters.

Now, neither of them actually said, 'Hey, let's procrastinate for thirty-one minutes then have sex.' It was just that Rimmer was there for ten minutes, they read through the entire list of pizzas available from the delivery service, and then settled on the one Rimmer always had: Quattroformaggio, with extra olives.

The other twenty-one minutes was how long it took for the pizza to be ordered, cooked, and delivered.

In those twenty-one minutes, it wasn't as if Rimmer and McGruder sat around and did nothing. They talked. In fact, Rimmer found himself holding his first remotely intelligent conversation with a female since talking baby talk to his little sister Natalie when she was first born. He managed not to revert to it whilst talking to McGruder.

Just.

It turned out that McGruder was quite interested in him. And his job. And in his opinion that the technicians were the backbone of the Space Corps (even though everyone thought Rimmer, personally, was spineless). It was probably fortunate that she wanted him to talk about himself, because he didn't have a clue what a geo-mapper did.

The pizza arrived, just as Fortune's bedside clock ticked over to seven-thirty-one. They split the bill - Rimmer insisted -- and McGruder gave the delivery boy an extravagant tip, as well as a fairly good view down the front of the shirt she was wearing with an extra button undone at the neck.

They sat in silence, eating, for perhaps five minutes. Then a strand of mozzarella, stretched from the slice McGruder had just bitten into, snapped and fell down her chin into her cleavage. Before he could stop himself, Rimmer had reached out to catch it, and found himself cupping one hand over her breast. She didn't back off. In fact, she reached up and held his hand there. Actually held it closer! Rimmer nearly fainted.

That was the beginning of the next part.

McGruder fell backwards onto her bunk, her black skirt riding up high around her thighs. Her hands were at Rimmer's waist, unbuckling his belt. She pulled it free and lightly swatted his arse with it. Anxious to please, Rimmer fumbled his own trousers down, not waiting for her to hit him again, then slid one nervous hand up under her skirt to...

...and she wasn't even wearing panties. Had she been planning this?

'God, Yvonne...'

'Shut up and come here, tiger.'

She pulled him forward -- not by the hand -- and though they were awkwardly positioned, her half off the bunk, him nearly on his knees, he slid into her easily and smoothly. She sucked in a quick breath and grabbed his buttocks, pulling him hard against her, and bucking her hips up to meet his answering, tentative thrusts.

So it was true... he was untouched... she could tell just by how careful and nervous he was. But he was eager and willing, and his hands popped the buttons of her shirt easily enough. They weren't exactly in a position for him to get at the clasp of her bra, but his hands slid up to cover the rough lace and sleek satin and she moaned as his thumbs circled over the taut peaks of her nipples.

'Do it to me, baby.'

He was whimpering and she could feel that whatever he was going to do for her, it wasn't going to be for long... but then he moved slightly and suddenly, somehow, he was rubbing against her clitoris when he moved, and she clawed her neatly trimmed nails into his skin as she came, hips slamming upwards again and again.

Her climax brought his on, and she felt him pulsing hard inside her... but more than that, more than her orgasm, what gratified her was the expression of pure ecstasy on his face, and the sound of her name torn from his throat.

Neither of them realised that she hadn't spoken his name since the pizza arrived.

Fortune's clock ticked over to seven-forty-one.

Rimmer rose, sliding out from her sweetness, and grabbed for his trousers and underpants, pulling them on hastily, embarrassedly. McGruder reclined there a moment longer, watching him, then pulled the sides of her shirt closed and poked a few buttons back through their holes. She patted her skirt back into respectability and went to him, pulling his face down for a kiss.

The in-room computer binged and Holly's face appeared.

'Yvonne, you're wanted in the Drive Room.' No explanation. She didn't even think there was a reason. If this was Fortune playing tricks with her...

'I have to go,' she said. Her cheeks were a little red. 'Imagine if Holly had come a moment earlier...' She giggled, unselfconscious.

'When you did...' His eyes showed his awe of her. 'That was incredible.'

'I know, tiger, but I really have to hurry.' Now this felt weird... hurrying out of her own room. 'Come on... quick quick...'

They left the room, the door sliding shut to lock behind them, the pizza left to congeal on the plates, and beside the bunks Fortune's clock clicked over to seven-forty-three.