"How did it go with Momzilla?" House asked when Wilson walked through the door. House was sprawled on the couch, trying to look bored but obviously not.

Wilson carefully hung up his coat. "Fine. Great. She's having a great time."

"And?"

"The invitations went out. I gave her our guest list. We discussed the wedding party."

"What wedding party?"

"Oh…well…it's not settled. Only that you can't be the best man."

House smiled. "Come 'ere." He raised one arm toward Wilson, who gratefully snuggled into House's chest, sitting next to the couch. They kissed lightly in greeting.

"I'm already the best man."

"Oh god, House, my mother—"

"Fuck your mother."

"In your dreams."

"No, you're in my dreams. Not that your mom isn't a smokin' hottie, she—"

"Then imagine I'm Mom, if that's what gets you hot, you pervert." Wilson grinned and kissed House hard, thrusting his tongue into House's mouth. At the same time he took House's head gently with his right hand. Stroking House's hair, Wilson felt a wave of love for this man who was the only person in the world who truly knew him, the only person Wilson could ever let truly know him. And who also had the body of death, if you left out the right thigh. House was love-starved; he cuddled and snuggled and was constantly touching and stroking Wilson when they were alone, almost like a pet. Verbally he was more inhibited. But House had been the one who proposed, putting an enormous fake engagement ring in a piece of banana cream pie, then enjoying when Wilson nearly choked to death on it. (Nevertheless they'd had a lot of fun with the ring that night, using banana cream to slide the ring on Wilson's penis and House licking it off. That was one for the white-quilted "Memory Book" Wilson's mother was giving House as a present.)

House pulled back his head, his large blue eyes studying Wilson. Then he kissed Wilson lightly on the cheek, then the other cheek, then the forehead, each touch of his lips sending a frisson of anticipation through Wilson's body. Finally he kissed him on the mouth, smiling at his own sappiness, and stroked Wilson's face.

"You are loved," he said. That was the closest House had come to saying "I love you."

"I love you," Wilson said, letting House's hands slide down the sides of his head, feel his ears, his chin, his neck, and then start to unbutton his shirt. Wilson was still kneeling, and he could feel House's dick getting hard against his back. Nevertheless, Wilson sat passively, letting his partner undress him, knowing that House cherished doing this, unwrapping him like a birthday present. When his shirt was unbuttoned, Wilson wiggled out of it, folding it neatly and putting it on the coffee table.

"Did anyone ever tell you you need professional help?" House said fondly.

"Look who's talking." Wilson hitched up on his knees so that House could unbuckle his belt and undo his pants. House's face was soft and beautiful with lust; it almost made Wilson want to cry.

Then Wilson scooted back on his ass on the floor, so that House could untie his shoelaces, remove Wilson's shoes and then his socks. House softly ran a hand along the top of Wilson's foot.

"Hee!" It tickled, and Wilson jerked back his foot.

Suddenly House lunged forward and tickled Wilson, laughing at how Wilson squealed and try to bat away his hands. "House! Cut it out!"

"You love it, you horny bastard," House giggled. "You can't get enough of my hands."

"This I can get enough of!" Wilson yelped. "Okay, okay, I give! I give!"

House drew back with a smile of triumph and Wilson lay on the floor, his arms still defensively crossed across his bare chest.

Wilson watched as House tugged off his t-shirt, tossing it into the corner (and yes, he'd wear it afterwards…didn't he know the five-second rule?), unzipped his jeans, and pulled them down, toeing off his sneakers, then slid out of his briefs, leaving himself naked, cock ramrod straight, on the couch. Wilson still had his pants around his calves, so he took the pants off, also folding them neatly, making sure the crease was right, before putting them next to his shirt.

"Watching your OCD kills the mood, Wilson."

"It's not OCD." Wilson stood up and stepped out of his briefs, which were bright white. House preferred to buy purple, red and black briefs. Today's pair was dark red. "I like things tidy, unlike some others I could name."

He leaned over House's body, his own penis throbbing, and kissed the lean stomach, and, imitating House, each nipple, each side of the face and finishing with the forehead.

"Get up," said Wilson, helping House to his feet. They pressed their naked bodies together, kissing, lips caressing each other's, voluptuous waves of pleasure washing over them. Wilson moved so that House could lean on him slightly and take the pressure off the bad leg, but still keep standing and pushing against him. House had to bend slightly so that their cocks could rub together. When they did, House gave a tiny gasp and turned his face away, looking over Wilson's shoulder. They swayed together, every available surface touching, skin and hair and delicious body heat, and the smell, the smell was glorious, the odors of their bodies and sex.

Wilson let go, and lay down on the couch, his legs wide. He grinned as House gingerly lowered himself down at the end of the couch, then leaned forward and took Wilson's dick in his mouth. The first time it had happened, Wilson had been astonished. He had assumed House would be the one receiving the blow job, not him, but House had been aching to blow him for months.

And House was incredibly good at it—Wilson gave thanks to all of those hookers who'd blown House and given him mad skills. House licked the underside of Wilson's penis, tonguing around it, using his large lips for maximum suction, send jolts of ecstasy through Wilson's body.

"Jesus fuck, House," Wilson panted, getting louder as House deep-throated him. "Holy crap! Oh, yes, suck me, suck me, oh God, I love you so much, suck me harder!"

House obliged, sucking harder and faster, one hand caressing Wilson's balls, while Wilson flailed and batted at the air.

"Watch those nails," House muttered around Wilson's cock. As if Wilson cared about nails right now! He didn't even know if he had fingers! Blinding fireworks were going off inside of him, it was too much, he couldn't endure it, he would die from pleasure—

He came volcanically, causing House to gag and pull his head back. Wilson grabbed his dick and kept jerking, until finally he was finished. House coughed and swallowed. Then he tenderly kissed the top of Wilson's left thigh.

"You are so cute when you lose it," House said.

The strange thing was, House would have been perfectly happy to jerk himself off without Wilson's help. The first few times they'd had sex, House had a difficult time reciprocating, as if he didn't deserve that much enjoyment.

He got over it, though, in no time.

"Your turn," Wilson gasped. "Lie down. No, help me up first. God, that was amazing. You wait."

Wilson staggered to the refrigerator and after perusing the shelves, took out a jar of Kraft butterscotch ice cream topping. He was going to use the Reddi-Whip, but he didn't actually like it that much.

"Sweet stuff for my sweet stuff," Wilson said, assuming the same position House had. He opened the cold jar, and poured the butterscotch sauce liberally over House's crotch.

"Hey! That shit's FREEZING!" House started to sit up, but Wilson dipped his fingers in the butterscotch and thrust them into his partner's mouth. House sucked his fingers clean, so Wilson dipped his fingers again and repeated the process. It gave Wilson so much happiness to see House relaxed, smiling, and horny as hell.

"Okay, one banana split coming up. Sorry, no cherry on top." Wilson carefully put the lid back on the jar and set it on the floor (it would leave a mark on the table; he'd clean the floor later). Then he lowered his head and started licking.

"Wow, this is good," he remarked, feeling House's hips buck underneath him. "Premium brand, wouldn't you say?" He gave House's dick another long, slow lick, swirling his tongue.

"Shut—the—fuck—up," House growled.

Wilson grinned. "Eat me."

"No, eat me."

"Okay," Wilson said, and buried his face in House's pubic hair, licking the butterscotch pooling inside of his thighs, on his balls, listening to House moan and swear. Good thing he hadn't used that brittle chocolate they put on soft serve, because House was anything but soft serve now. Wilson continued to lick off the butterscotch, alternating licks with taking House into his mouth, sucking hard a few times, then going back to licking. 

"Please, Wilson, finish me off…" House panted.

Patience, Wilson thought, and licked the base of the cock. It was relatively free of butterscotch now, so he took it in his mouth and sucked hard and fast. He couldn't deep throat the way House could, so he used energy to compensate. By now he could suck so fast any lesser mortal would get whiplash. House's body went rigid, then he came hard in Wilson's mouth, and Wilson swallowed it, sucking hard, pulling out every possible drop until House dropped back onto the couch, exhausted.

Wilson sat up and wiped his mouth on his forearm.

House smiled at him contentedly.

"The honeymoon's gonna kill me," he said.

#################################################

Wilson convinced his mother not to let his brother be the best man. Instead, he picked Foreman, for two reasons.

Nothing fazed Foreman;

Nothing fazed Foreman.

Fortunately, House had a case to obsess about, a patient he called "Bleeding Armpit Guy," so he didn't ask Wilson anything more than cursory questions about the wedding. Wilson felt a growing sense of dread. His mother really was The Mother Of The Bride From Hell. All of that pent-up frustration, watching her sons get married, came flooding out in piles of white roses, cages of white doves, swags of white satin, and worse, everything that wasn't white was gold. The Wilson backyard was going to look like a cheap Italian furniture store.

"A huppah, Mom?"

"You have to have a huppah, Jimmy. And House will break the glass. You've done it three times, it's his turn." Mrs. Wilson was glowing with happiness. "You have no idea how much this means to me, baby. Your father is a putz, but he can sit upstairs and smoke his damn cigars and watch the ballgame if he wants."

"We—we're not using a rabbi, are we?"

"Relax, he does interfaith marriages all of the time."

Wilson blanched at the thought of House confronting a rabbi. But looking at his mother's face, how could he say no? She was his mother, and this was the happiest he had ever seen her.

"All right, Mom, just ask him not to mention God, okay?"