The Tropical Island Girl.
by Vanessa Evans

Part 2

The next thing that I knew was that it was getting light outside, Teddy’s hand was still holding one of my tits and I could feel his hard cock between my legs. I was a bit shocked for a couple of seconds then I realised that I liked what I was feeling.

“That’s nice Teddy.” I whispered but got no response.

“Teddy, are you trying to fuck me?” I whispered and still didn’t get a response.

I didn’t really want to wake him so I just lay there and enjoyed the feelings.

After a minute or so I couldn’t help myself and my hips started slowly sliding backwards and forwards so that Teddy’s hard cock was sliding along my slit which I could feel was getting wet. It was a nice feeling that was getting nicer by the second.

My hand that was attached to the arm that was on top slowly made its way to my clit. As I went back each time the tip of Teddy’s cock rubbed over my clit and I felt the end of his hard cock. It felt so big that I could never imagine it going inside me.

I kept slowly going back and forward and rubbing my clit when my hips came forward and I felt one of those orgasms building inside me. The orgasm erupted almost instantly and my body started shaking; and that disturbed Teddy.

“What the fuck?” Teddy said, “Leia, what the fuck are you doing? Why are you here?”

Teddy moved away from me but for a few seconds I wasn’t able to do anything. When I finally stopped shaking and was able to say anything I said,

“I’m really sorry Teddy, I was feeling all sad so I came for one of your hugs but you were asleep. I climbed under the sheet and cuddled up to you didn’t wake up and I fell asleep. When I woke up your hard, huge cock was between my legs touching my pussy and it felt so good that I started sliding back and forwards.”

By then I was crying and I was scared that Teddy would throw me out of the house and I’d have nowhere to go.

“It’s okay Leia,” Teddy said as he put his arm over me, almost resting his hand on my tit,” don’t cry, I guess that you only did what is natural.”

My tears started to dry up and I turned and lay on my back. Teddy’s hand moved as I turned and it ended up on top on one of my tits.

“I’m sorry Teddy, I was just so sad, I just needed a hug.”

“It’s okay Leia, you can have a hug anytime, but you shouldn’t really be climbing into my bed, you’re only 14 and I’m a grown man.”

“But it was so nice cuddling up to you, I felt relaxed and fell asleep.”

“It is nice cuddling you Leia but we shouldn’t be doing it in here, people will get the wrong idea.”

“What do you mean Teddy, we’re only cuddling?”

“I know that and you know that but most people will think that we are fucking.”

“Well that’s not possible, your cock is way too big for my little hole, I can only just get one of my fingers in it.”

“Well you don’t have to worry about that Leia because it isn’t going to happen.”

“But we can still hug and cuddle can’t we?”

“Of course we can Leia. Now off you go, I have to get showered and ready for work.”

I went and got breakfast ready for the 3 of us then Chuck and Teddy went to work. I showered then did all the jobs that I said I would do then I decided to go for a walk. There was so much around there that I hadn’t seen and I was sure that it was nothing like the rest of the island.

I wandered all around, even going up to the Base fence and main gate. There were guards with guns there and they stared at me for ages before telling me to go away. As they stared at me I stared at them and I couldn’t help wondering if their cocks were as big as Teddy’s. Thinking that made my clit and nipples tingle and my pussy feel all wet.

I watched some enormous aircraft and 2 helicopters take off and they were VERY noisy.

I saw some other men and women, all in uniforms, walking around. They didn’t pay much attention to me and I wondered if other island girls walked around there with no clothes on. 
 

Back at the house I watch some more cartoons. However, I couldn’t stop myself from thinking about Teddy’s cock and did girls really get things that size inside them?

I just couldn’t concentrate on the cartoons and when one ended I was feeling so horny that I went to the kitchen to look for things around the size of Teddy’s cock. There wasn’t anything but the handle of what Chuck called a Fish Spatula looked to be a smaller version and I thought that if I could get that in my hole (which I had my doubts about) then I could look for something as big as Teddy’s cock.

I took the Fish Spatula outside to the grassy area at the back of the house where the light was brighter and I could lay on the grass thinking that it would be easier if I was on my back. Spreading my legs as wide as I could get them I rubbed the handle up and down my slit. When it touched my clit I gasped then rubbed it around my clit a few times before putting the end to the entrance of my hole and gently pushing.

After 4 or 5 tries it still wouldn’t go in then I remembered my mother telling me that I had to relax to be able to push a tampon in, so I did my best to relax. 

It must have worked because the next time I gently pushed I felt my hole opening and the handle going in. The other thing was that it felt good, the nervousness had gone and my whole crotch area, and my nipples were tingling, a lot. I just held it there for a good minute then slowly pulled it out then started to push it in again.

This time it went in easier and it felt just as good if not better. Then I did it again, and again. It only took about 6 or 7 times for me to have an orgasm. As I lay there getting my wits about me I saw a couple of men in uniform walking along the path just a few metres from me. They stared at me but kept walking,

Then I thought about the size of Teddy’s cock and that of the Fish Spatula. There was little comparison so I got up and went inside. Remembering to wash all the slimy liquid that was on the handle of The Fish Spatula before putting it back where it belonged before looking for something bigger. All I could find was a banana. My teacher had told us that the bananas on our island are bigger than the ones on the other nearby islands, I can’t remember why, but when I pulled it off the bunch I wrapped my little hand round it my fingers and thumb couldn’t touch. I imagined that it was Teddy’s cock.

I quickly ran outside and lay down again. The end of the banana was a bit rough on my delicate skin but once it started sliding in it felt much bigger than the Fish Spatula handle.

Soon I was doing what I imagined fucking was like, the banana going in and out. Faster and faster my hand went and I knew that I was going to cum again. I reached the edge and went over it then I just lay there with the banana half in and half out of my hole, thinking about how good it had felt and imagining fucking with Teddy, or other men. I imagined a whole line of men waiting to fuck me one after another. That idea really appealed to me.

I was still laying there daydreaming when I heard Chuck say,”

“Girls usually do that sort of thing somewhere private Leia.”

“I don’t have a house or even a room, besides, why do they do it somewhere private, what’s wrong with out here?”

“Nothing I guess.” Chuck replied. 

I pulled the banana out, peeled it and started eating it as I walked back into the house.

“You won’t want to eat your dinner Leia.” Chuck said when he saw me eating.

“I’ll be okay.” I replied.

“I’m sure that you will Leia, you hardly eat anything anyway. Hey, I was talking to Lizzy earlier, she really likes you. She says that she likes that you don’t wear any clothes, she says that it would stop all the bitchiness about each other’s clothes at school. I hope that you haven’t given her any ideas Leia.”

“I haven’t suggested anything Chuck, just told her what it’s like here. Besides, it was you who held your video phone in front of me and showed her that I was naked.”

“True Leia, sorry, not your fault. Lizzy says that she’d like to talk with you again sometime, she suggested that you might like to have a video call with all her class to tell them what it’s like being a girl in this part of the world.”

“Me! A video call where a whole class of girls and boys can see and hear me? That sounds cool. I’d like that. I’d be able to see all their silly clothes, life’s so much better not wearing clothes.”

“Leia, you have to remember that it’s like living in a fridge where I come from.”

“Oh yes, I forgot. Shall I start getting dinner ready?”

I did, and Teddy timed it perfectly, coming through the door just as I was about to tell Chuck that it was ready. Over dinner Teddy told us that he’d spoken to the CO and that he’d agreed to let me work for Teddy in the Stores but there were conditions: -

1.That I could read and write and do basic maths enough to do the job.

2.That if me not wearing any clothes started to become a problem I had to either start wearing some or find another job. 

3.That there was no sexual activity on the Base.

When I’d cleared away after dinner Teddy called me over and told me to sit on his lap. When I did he picked up the notebook and a pen that was beside him and told me to write my name. I did, and as I was doing it I remembered my teacher telling me that I was a neat writer. Then Teddy gave me a piece of paper with some words printed on it.

“Copy those words onto the space under where you have written your name Leia.”

Again I did, then Teddy asked me to add up, take away and multiply some numbers. I got them right and Teddy told me that I’d just got myself my first job. I was so happy that I got to my feet and started jumping about, much to the amusement of Teddy and Chuck.


Teddy and Chuck went out after that and didn’t come back until late. I’d been watching a cartoon then played with the TV control and saw some strange programs which I only half watched because I was both happy and sad. I also thought about those feelings that I had when I’d fucked myself with the Fish Spatula and banana. My hand wandered to my pussy and started rubbing.

I remember having an orgasm then feeling tired. The next thing that I knew was Teddy putting a blanket over me. He was gone before I had a chance to thank him but I was awake and couldn’t get back to sleep.

After about an hour or so I decided to go and see if Teddy was awake. He wasn’t but I still got onto the bed under the sheet next to him. He didn’t wake up so after a while I turned onto my side facing him and put one arm and one leg over him, if he couldn’t cuddle me then I could cuddle him.

As I got into that position my knee rested on his bare cock and once I’d been there for a minute or so I decided that I wanted to touch his cock so I slid my knee down and replaced  it with my hand.

His cock felt so warm and soft. I tried moving it about and it started to get a bit bigger and a bit harder.

“Teddy.” I whispered.

When I got no reply I said his name again, this time in my normal voice. Getting no response, and his cock was getting a little harder, I wondered if I dare lick it. Lizzy had told me that blowjobs were nice so I decided that I was going to find out for myself. I carefully shuffled down the lovely soft bed until my face was just above his cock. It was dark but I could feel it and taste it.

It didn’t taste of much until it was hard and I could feel some thick liquid coming out of the end. It didn’t smell like piss so I wondered if Teddy was having an orgasm. After a few seconds I decided that it couldn’t be that because he wasn’t shaking, apart from me holding his cock he was perfectly still.

Then, without thinking that I was going to do it, I licked the the end of his cock and then opened my mouth and tried to put my mouth over the end of it. I managed that but couldn’t get much more of it in my mouth. Again without thinking about it I lifted my head off his cock then put my mouth over the end of it again.
 
I did this about 6 times before I felt Teddy’s hands go onto the back of my head and hold it on his cock. Then Teddy said,

“Oh Cindy, that’s amazing. Ohhhhhhhhh.”

And I felt lots of warm creamy stuff fill my mouth. It didn’t taste bad, but it also didn’t taste as nice as some of the fruit that there is on the island. I had no choice other than to swallow and as I did I decided that I liked the taste. 

Then Teddy’s cock started to go soft. As it flopped out of my mouth I thought,

“So that was a blowjob. I want to do that again, and again.”

“Teddy,” I whispered.

Getting no respose I decided that men must be able to have orgasms whilst they slept and I wondered if girls can as well.

With Teddy still not stirring I slowly shuffled up his body until my head was on his shoulder  and my arm and leg were over him.

It wasn’t long before I was asleep.

*****

“Leia.” I heard Teddy say but I was still half asleep.

“Leia.”

“What?”

“You’ve done it again, you shouldn’t be here.”

“Sorry Teddy, I needed a hug.”

“Leia, as much as you want a hug, you need to control yourself and only want them when I’m not in bed.”

“Sorry Teddy, it’s just ………..”

“I know Leia, I know.”

Teddy had put his arm round me and was hugging me to him. I wondered if he knew that he had got hard and had cum in my mouth, but I didn’t dare mention it just in case he got really mad with me.”

After a couple of minutes hug Teddy untangled himself and told me to go and have a shower. It was going to be my first working day and when I remembered that I got all excited. As I quickly showered I wondered if Teddy was going to come and join me but when I had finished I went out and found him cooking breakfast.

“Ah, good, can you finish this whilst I have a quick shower and wake Chuck.”

He did, and I did, and before long the 3 of us were sat eating breakfast.

Once finished, Teddy and Chuck got into their uniforms whilst I cleared up. The 3 of us were soon walking towards the Main Gate of the Base, two big uniformed men with a much smaller, very naked young girl between them.

“What’s this First Shirt, procuring young girls for people now are you? Who’s she for?” One of the guards on the Main Gate asked.

“It’s Master Sergeant Tubbs to you Jones. Not that it’s any of your business but Leia is coming to work for me now that I’m short-handed.”

“Working naked is she Master Sergeant?”

“Yes Jones. Do you have a problem with that?”

“No Master Sergeant.”

We started walking again with me pleased with the way that Teddy silenced the guard.

There were quite a few uniformed people walking around and it was mostly the young men who gave me more than a cursory glance and I couldn’t really understand why my nipples and pussy were tingling.  

We went into this massive building which was full of military equipment and in one corner was the mangled mess of a jeep and other things that I didn’t recognise. Teddy saw me looking at the wreckage and said,

“Try not to think about it Leia.”

I was right, that was the wreckage from the explosion that killed both my parents. Fortunately there was a lot of things that were new to me going on right then so my brain was distracted.

Teddy took me to an area of the big building that was fenced in by lots of massive boxes. I saw a couple of tables with lots of papers on them and a chair at each table. Teddy pointed to one of the tables and said,

“That’s where you will be based Leia, have a seat, make yourself comfortable and I’ll be with you in a couple of minutes.”

It turned out that Teddy was a busy and popular man, it was ages before he got back to me and during that time he took 4 phone calls and had 5 people come to see him. Each 1 of the 5 had something to say about the naked girl sat at the desk. Nothing bad was said, in fact I liked what they all had to say and them staring at me whilst they talked kept my nipples hard and my pussy tingling and wet. 

I so wanted to rub my pussy but I managed to keep my hands on the table although I did see some of the men standing back and looking under the table at my bare legs. Those who stood far enough back wouls have been able to see my legs right up to my stomach and what was between my legs because I was sat with my knees quite far apart.

Finally, Teddy turned towads me and said,

“As you can see Leia, it gets quite busy in here with everyone wanting something. I sent that lot to go and get what they wanted themselves but I need you to get familiar with what we have in here and to get small things for some of the people. If they want bigger things I will send them with you just to make sure that they don’t leave with things that they shouldn’t. In this game you have to be able to get things my means that often aren’t by the book. That’s okay for me because I get things from other bases and back home but I can’t have people taking things out of my store without my permission.. Now, the paperwork.”

Teddy talked me through what I had to do and I found it a bit too much for me. When it got to that point I stood up and turned to Teddy and told him that I didn’t think that I could do the job. Teddy put his arm round me and told me that he was sure that I could manage and said that it was his fault for telling me too much all in one go. 

I turned and faced him and hugged him, his big arms coming round me. We were still hugging when I hearda familiar female voice,

“Now now Teddy, no fratanising with the staff.”

“Hi there Andrea. I just pushed too much onto Leia in one go and it got too much for her. She’s okay now, aren’t you Leia?”

“Oh hi Andrea, I’m okay now thanks.”

“Don’t you let him bully you Leia, if he does you come and tell me. So how are you doing Leia?”

“Okay now that I’ve got a job and can pay for my keep.”

“Don’t you let this man take all your pay off you, keep some for yourself to pay for some clothes and other things that us girls need. You’ll be able to get them on the Base. I’m surprised that the CO would let you work on the base without any clothes on.”

“She’ll be okay Andrea, if anyone tries to put a hand on her they’ll have me to deal with.”

“Good, but don’t make them need more than the Doc can provide Teddy, we don’t want to have to fly them back home for treatment, talking about the doctor, have you been for your checkup yet Leia?”  
 
“What checkup?”

“The doctor has to examine everyone who starts working on the Base, standard procedure. Don’t worry, he won’t hurt you and it doesn’t take long. Shall I take her there now Teddy, save you leaving this place?”
  
“Will I get that implant thing that you told me sbout Teddy?”

“You’re 14 Leia,” Andrea said in a surprised tone. “You shouldn’t even know what those things are never mind thinking that you need one?”

“Yes please Andrea, I spoke to the doc yesterday and he’s expecting her.” Teddy said.


We had to walk ascross the Base to get to the medical centre and my naked body attracted some more attention which I just ignored. As we walked Addrea again tried to persuade me to let her get some clothes for me to wear.

“No thank you Andrea, Teddy has cleared it with the CO, strange nane for a person, and they say that it’s okay unless it becomes a problem. Besides, no clothes, no washing of clothes, better all round.”

“Well I suppose that’s one way of looking at it, but if you do change your mind come to me and we’ll sort something out. Now, I know that we’ve walked right across the Base but do you think that you’ll be able to find your way back on your own?”

“Sure, it’s a straight line.” I replied.

“Before I show you to the doctor, I’ll show you the admin block. They’re right next to each others. After you’ve seen the doc go next door and they’ll fix you up with your photo ID so that you can come and go as you please.”

“Like those cards that mum and dad had hanging round their necks?”

“That’s them.”

“I’ve never had my photograph taken before, but I did have one of those video calls to Chuck’s daughter Lizzy, she seems a nice girl.”

“She is, did she see that you didn’t have any clothes on?”

“Yes she did. She wants me to have a video call with all of her school class so that they can ask me what it’s like here.”

“Did Lizzy say anything about you putting some clothes on before that video call?”

“No, why?”

“I just thought that it might be a good idea before all her class saw you.”

“Lizzy wasn’t bothered by it so why should the other kids?”

“Maybe it’s just us adults that have these hang-ups?” Andrea asked.

I didn’t really know what to say to that, and besides we arrived at the building.

“Right Leia, when the doctor has finished with you go through that door over there and tell them that Senior Master Sergeant Teddy Tubbs has sent you to get your ID card. They’ll sort you out then you head on back to Teddy’s store, okay?”

“Yes Andrea, thank you, are you coming in to the medical centre or do you want me to go on my own?

“Can you manage on your own Leia?”

“Yes, of course I can. I’m not a baby.”

“You certainly are not a baby Leia, okay, off you go and I’ll see you around.”

Andrea left and I went into the medical centre and told the first person that I saw who I was and that I was supposed to see the doctor for a check-up.

“Yes, we are expecting you and it’s very obvious who you are young lady. Come with me.”

The old woman in the very white uniform led me to a door that had a sign on it saying,

‘Captain Peters.’

I wondered why I had to see a Captain and not a doctor but when I went in the man looked more like a doctor than what I imagined a captain would look like.

“Ah yes, Master Sergeant Tubbs’ new local help, thank you nurse.” the man said, “take a seat young lady.”

I did, then he started asking me all sorts of questions, a lot of which I had no idea what he was talking about so I just said that I didn’t know.

Then the doctor told me that he had to physically examine me and that I didn’t have to worry because he wouldn’t hurt me. He told me to lay on a padded table then he started prodding my little tits and pulling and twisting my nipples. That part felt nice .

Then he moved down to my stomach and continued prodding. While he was doing that he asked me if I was sexually active.

“Well I haven’t been fucked by a man,” I replied, but I have put things inside me, like a banana.”

I saw the doctor smile then he told me that he’d have to examine inside me. That puzzled me because I just couldn’t understand how he could do that, even when he got me to lift my ankles onto the strange things that held my legs spread really wide.

“What’s that thing?” I asked as he held up this strange plastic thing.

“It’s called a speculum and I insert it into your vagina then open it. It lets me see if everything in there looks healthy.”

“You’re going to fuck me with that?” I asked.

“No, intercourse, or fucking as you call it, is when something goes in and out of you over and over, the speculum will go in just the once. I see that you are producing lots of natural lubrication so it won’t hurt and I won’t need to use any atrificial lubrication, are you ready Leia, Just try and relax.”

I felt the speculum thing slide inside me and it felt nice. I think that I actually moaned a little. Then when the doctor opened it I felt like I imagined it would feel like if Teddy’s cock was going inside me, and this time I know that I moaned. I moaned again when I felt the doctor blowing air on my pussy. I know that it was just him breathing but it felt like he was blowing into my hole.

All too soon it was over and the doctor was telling me to sit on the chair again.

“Everything is good Leia but there’s just one more thing, Master Sergeant Tubbs tells me that he wants me to give you a contraceptive implant, are you intending to have sexual relations with the Master Sergeant Leia?”  

“No, he’s said that it will never happen.”

“Good, there’s lots of reasons why that shouldn’t happen but if he’s said that it will never happen then I have nothing to worry about, I guess that he’s just worried for you in general.”

“He is a nice man doctor.”

“Yes, he obviously is, looking after you like he is. I guess that there’s touch of guilt there. Normally I would tell the woman to roll her sleeve up at this stage but you don’t have that problem.”

“Will it hurt?”

“No more than a pin prick or a slap on your bottom.”

I looked away as the doctor did whatever, and he was right, I hardly felt it. Then the doctor told me that there might be some side effects, and that I was to go and see him if I felt strange at all. Then he added that my perionds might stop.

“So I won’t need to use those tampon things again, that’s good because I haven’t got any.”

The doctor smiled then told me that if I did need any to come there and ask any of the staff there for some.

Then it was all over and he told me that I could leave. That old, unpleasant nurse gave me a filthy look as I walked out but it didn’t bother me, I’ve had a lot worse.


Next it was to the admin office and a young man in uniform looked me up and down then said that he was expecting me. He got me to stand against a blank, white wall and he took a photograph of me. As he was printing my ID card I saw that the photo was of all of my front unlike all the others that I’d seen where they just showed the person above their shoulders. I thought that there must be different rules for Islanders although I couldn’t remember my mother or fathers ID cards showing them totally naked.

Not caring about the difference I put the lanyard thing round my neck and started walking back to Teddy’s store. 
 

There wasn’t a lot less people there with Teddy and he was soon able to show me more about what my job was. It all seemed quite straight forward and when the next person came in Teddy told the young man to ask me. I was pleased that I knew what to do and as I was doing it I saw that the young man was looking up and down my naked front.

Teddy asked me if I was okay and that I knew what I was doing and when I said that I was good he told me that he was going to see someone and that he’d be back in 15 or 20 minutes.

No sooner than Teddy was out of the door than the young man started talking to me, and it wasn’t Air Force related things that he was telling me about or asking me, he wanted to know if I gave blowjobs. When I told him that I’d given my first one the night before he asked me if I’d give him one. I thought for a couple of seconds wondering if this man’s cock would taste different to Teddy’s and I decided to find out.

“Okay then.” I replied.

“Nice one Leia, come with me, we don’t want the Master Sergeant walking in and seeing us, you might get in trouble and lose your job.”

That made some sense, so I followed him towwards to back of the warehouse where I watched as the man dropped his trousers and I saw his hard cock. It wasn’t as big as Teddy’s and it had lots of skin right to the end of it.

“On your knees girl and get to it.”

I did, and was amazed at how the extra skin slid back and forwards with my hand. That clear, thick liquid started comng out of the end although it was difficult to tell because it was mixed with my saliva. 

I really got into going up and down with my head and I was feeling quite proud of myself as I kept feeling the end of it go into the start of my throat. 

I was feeling good, and as my head went up and down my right hand found its way to my pussy and was rubbing my clit which made me feel even better.

Then the man put his hands on my head and held me with his cock at my throat entrance. He started to say,

“I’m gonna cuuuu,” and I felt his cock jerk and most of his cum went down my throat. Some didn’t and was left in my mouth. For a few seconds I couldn’t swallow or breathe, then he pulled my head off his cock.

“Let me see,” the man said so I opened my mouth knowing that there was still some of his creamy cum on my tongue.

“You look good slut, swallow it and show me your empty mouth. Were you playing with yourself whilst I fucked your mouth slut?”

“Yes sir.”

“Stand up and lean back against that pallet and finish yourself off slut.”

I assumed that he meant play with my pussy again and make myself cum. So I did and it felt really good doing it with that man watching me. Unfortunately, it didn’t take long for me to cum and the man put his hand over my mouth to stiffle the moans that I couldn’t stop myself making.

“Well done slut, now where’s that carburetor?”

I picked up the piece of paper and saw that we weren’t far from the location so we went there and the man picked one up.

“I need you to sign for it.” I said.

“Yeah, can’t have my favourite slut getting into trouble can I?”

The man signed the piece of paper and started walking to the way out leaving me standing there. For a few seconds I thought about what had just happenned, I’d given my second blowjob and the man seened to like it. I knew that I did, and his cum tasted very much like Teddy’d did. I’d also cum in front of a stranger and that feeling was really nice.

As I started to walk back to my desk I decided that I liked what had happened and I wanted to do it again.

Back at my desk I started sorting some papers like Teddy had told me to and I was still doing that when Teddy came back.

“Sorted that carburetor for that guy Leia?” Teddy asked.

“Yes, and I got him to sign the receipt like you said.”

“Well done Leia.”

As I got on with my job I remembered that man calling me a slut amd I wondered what he meant by it. A bit later I turned to Teddy and asked him what a slut was. Teddy coughed then asked me to repeat myself so I did.

“Well Leia, a slut is a woman who gives sexual favours to just about any man that she comes across.”

“So I’m not a slut then?”

“Do you let any man that you come across fuck you Leia?”

“No.”


“Then you are not a slut Leia.”


Later, Teddy took me to the Base shop to get something for lunch. Wow, I’d never seen a shop that big before, so many things to buy, not that I had any money. There was a local girl working there, I didn’t know her, and I wondered why she was wearing clothes. Teddy introduced us and told her, Nuanua, that she’d see more of me because I’d be coming there most days to get Teddy’s lunch.

When Teddy said ‘see more of me’, I smiled to myself, there was only between my legs that Nuanua hadn’t seen and I doubted that she’d be interested in my pussy. Anyway, Teddy took me round the shop to get a few things and a couple of young men that were also in there seemed to be following us around. 

I liked the look on their faces and then Teddy got me to bend over to pick up something from the floor. My back was to the 2 young men and I’d bent at the waist. When I’d stood up Teddy said,

“Leia, when you bend over you may want to make sure that there are no men behind you, you just gave those 3 guys, and me, an amazing view of your pussy.”

“You’ve seen my pussy before Teddy, and you didn’t complain.”

“I’m not complaining now Leia, your pussy is a beautiful sight, I just thought that you might not want to show it to other men on the Base.”

“It doesn’t bother me if the whole world sees my pussy Teddy, do you want to see it again?”  

“Not now Leia, this place isn’t the place for flashing your goodies, well not the intimate parts of your pussy, there’s enough of you in display as it is.”


We carried on getting what Teddy wanted with me wondering if Teddy wanted to see more of what was between my legs.


The afternoon went well, although there was a lot to learn. The only sort of break that I got was when Teddy sent me with a young mechanic to find a part for a jet engine. When we were at the other side of the warehouse the young man said,

“Leia, Andy tells me that you like giving blowjobs and playing with your pussy, is that right?”

“Yes, that’s true.”

“Would you like to give me one?” The guy said as he unfastened his overalls.

“Okay then.” I replied and got down on my knees in front of him.

This guy’s cock wasn’t as thick as the last guys, but it was longer and it didn’t have all that skin at the tip, just the purple end. I was able to got right down on him and get the end of it right in my throat although I had to keep coming up for air. The only thing that I didn’t like was that some of the hair around it got free and into my mouth. I wished that the men on the Base would pluck out all the hair around their cocks like us local girls do with our pussies. I wondered if Andrea plucked her’s out.

Anyway, my right hand had made it’s way to my pussy and my fingers were just as busy as my mouth was. The guy shot his cum straight down my throat and I didn’t get to taste it. When he pulled my head off his cock he lifted me up onto a big wooden box and told me to finish myself off.

By that time I wouldn’t have been happy if he’d just fastened his overalls and told me to keep looking for the part that he wanted. I spread my legs and my right hand went to my pussy but the guy lifted my hand away and his face went straight to my, by then, very wet pussy.

I gasped as his tongue licked my clit and I thought that I had died and gone to heaven. Somehow, in the midst of the rush of pleasure, I managed to think that what was happening to me must be what Teddy had called ‘eating my pussy’. I was loving it, it was so much better than what my fingers could do to me, and I wanted lots more of it.

All those thoughts happened during the first few seconds of the guys tongue on my clit because that is all it took for me to have an orgasm, cuming as Teddy called it. Again I managed to keep relatively quiet and I hoped that Teddy hadn’t heard my screams of pleasure.     

When it was all over the guy lifted me down and as we got on with finding what he was looking for he said,

“That was wonderful Leia, I’ll definitely be back for more, and I’ll let the other guys know that the Master Sergeant is now providing an unwritten service to the Base.”

I was a little puzzled by that and as we looked I thought,

“Well I certainly enjoyed both encounters and want many more similar things to happen.”

The guy went on his way with the part that he wanted and I went back to Teddy. There were no more ‘encounters’ that day and Teddy and I walked home together at the end of the day.


That night I went to bed on the couch early because I was tired but I woke up early and went to Teddy’s bed again. He was still asleep but the sheet had come off of him and he had a hard cock. I stared at it for ages then got very brave. I carefully and slowly got onto the bed and straddled his hips then I gently held his cock and lowered myself on to it. It felt as big as it looked and I had to raise myself up and then lower myself a bit more each time until I thought that it might come out of my mouth. 

I felt Teddy shoot his load into me first then after another couple of times lowering myself I too orgasmed. I think that it was my moaning, shaking and jerking that woke Teddy and when his eyes opened and he saw me still impaled on his cock he said,

“What the fuck, what the fuck are you dong Leia? You shouldn’t be doing that, hell. You shouldn’t even be in here.”

By then his cock had gone all soft and I started to say that I was lonely and sorry, but that turned into tears and Teddy put his arms up around me then pulled me down onto his chest.

“It’s okay Leia, don’t cry, no harm done.”

As he hugged me, my body was bent almost double with his cock still close to my pussy, I pushed down on my hips a little and felt the tip of his cock touch my pussy. 

“I’m sorry Teddy, but your cock makes me forget about my parents, it makes me feel very good.”

“You being on me makes me feel good too Leia but we shoudln’t be doing this.”

“Why not Teddy, if it makes us both feel good then what can be wrong with it?”

“You’re 14 Leia.”

“So what, some of the girls in my class at school were married.”

“I guess that this Island doesn’t have such a thing as ‘age of consent’.”

“What’s that?”

“Never mind Leia.”

As I lay on his chest I felt Teddy’s cock start to press on my pussy and then my hole opened up to let his rapidly hardening cock go inside me again. 

“I thought you said that we shouldn’t be doing this Teddy?” I said as his cock went deeper and deeper inside me.

“We shouldn’t Leia, but if it makes you happy then I guess that there’s no harm done.”

“I do like it Teddy, I wish that I knew about fucking years ago.”

“Your body wasn’t ready for it years ago Leia.”

“Well it is now and I want to fuck a lot, will you help me please Teddy?”

“Of course I will Leia, but you must never tell anyone and I mean anyone because I’d get into a lot of trouble if anyone found out.”

“Tell you what Teddy, if we can fuck every day I won’t tell anyone, is that a deal?”

“Yes Leia. Oh, oh, yeez, that feels so good.” Teddy replied as I felt him cum inside me again.



That night, and the previous day at work was the real start of my new life with Teddy. He was fucking me every night and I was getting and giving oral sex to lots of the airmen when they called into the stores. It wasn’t just oral sex and I learnt a lot of different positions that I can fuck a man but I think that I prefer waking Teddy each morning by riding his cock.


I don’t think that Chuck realises what is going on between Teddy and me but if he does he doesn’t say anything. I did have that video phone call with Lizzy’s class, and their teacher somehow displayed what was on the screen of Lizzy’s phone onto a huge screen in the classroom. Lizzy turned her phone so that I could see a huge version of me.

Yes, when the call first got connected I heard a few gasps and giggles when Lizzy’s classmates saw that I was naked and I heard their teacher explain that it was normal where I lived for girls my age to not wear any clothes.

My voice was starting to get a bit rough by the time I’d answered all the questions about my life. As I talked I was looking at all the faces of the boys and girls and some of the expressions on the boys faces reminded me of those on some of the airmen who came to the stores and wanted something from the far corner of the warehouse so I tilted Chuck’s phone so that my little tits and my pussy were big on the screen.


I was really enjoying my new life.