In the half-light of the winter morning Kai dresses swiftly, picks up his axe, and thrusts his dagger into its sheath on his belt. Llud stirs and mutters under his heavy sheepskin blanket; Kai halts for a moment and looks down at him with a pang of regret, then shakes his head angrily at his own folly. He cannot afford to delay.

He wraps himself in his big piebald cloak, picks up his horse's harness from the corner by the door, being careful not to let the buckles jingle, and goes quietly out of the longhouse. Once out of sight of the door he breaks into a run, pelting across the muddy yard to the paddock, where his horse is standing alert, ears pricked, under the thatched shelter. There is no sign of Arthur's white steed and the ground is too wet to show clear footprints, but Kai needs no such signs to know exactly where Arthur has gone.

Kai saddles up with the brisk efficiency Arthur has taught him over the years. The black stallion whickers with excitement; he knows this means war.

Kai is bending over to check the last buckle on the girth when a heavy hand falls on his shoulder. It's Llud.

'And just where do you think you are going?'
Kai shakes his head 'That's my concern.'
'And where's Arthur?'
Kai shakes his head again. 'Gone,' he says through clenched teeth. 
'Gone? Gone where? Did you two have a fight yesterday?'

Silence.

'What is it, Kai?'
Kai shakes his head yet again and does not answer.
'Tell me, damn you!' Llud is suddenly furious. 
'I can't tell you.'
Llud sighs heavily, his anger gone as quickly as it came. 'You can't tell me.'
'No. Please, let me go, Arthur may be in danger, I have to go after him…'
'Kai…' The old warrior is struggling to find the right words. 'Listen to me. When you rescued your Saxon friend and hid him, and I came so near to the truth, and I asked you what the matter was, and you turned your back and walked away…'
His voice is suddenly unsteady. 'It broke my heart.'
Disarmed, Kai stops fighting against Llud's restraining hand, and looks at his foster-father as though he's never seen him before. 
Very quietly, Llud says, 'You are my son; there is nothing you cannot tell me. Nothing. I may not agree; I may not approve; I may not understand; but if you are in trouble, I will always help you.'

Once again Kai does not answer; but this time it's because of the lump in his throat.

'I know of your feelings for Arthur, and his for you. I can see in his face and yours that it isn't always a smooth road that you travel together. I know I can't stop you from going after him; you always have, and you always will. But it would be a kindness to me if you would tell me where, and why.'
Kai draws the back of his hand across his eyes and says hoarsely, 'Mark.'
Llud's eyes widen in surprise. 'Mark? What's he got to do with it?'
Then he sees Kai's face. It tells Llud more than he wanted to know. 
'Oh.' He doesn't need to add anything further. Their eyes meet and Kai nods grimly.

Llud lets go of Kai's shoulder.

Kai is in the saddle and turning the horse when Llud says, 'Let me go with you.'
'And leave the village leaderless?' Kai looks down and shakes his head. 'This is our fight. Arthur's and mine. Your place is here; this is how you can be of most help. What if the Saxons attack while we're away? '
He leans from the saddle, clasps Llud's hand briefly, kicks the horse into a gallop and leaves the village without looking back.

Llud stands thoughtfully by the track for a long time, until all sound of hoofbeats has faded into the distance.

Kai pelts off down the road westwards; he rides all day through the constant rain, only stopping briefly when it gets dark. He snatches some uncomfortable sleep on a muddy bank by the side of the road; before first light he is cantering down the track again. His horse is tired but doing his best; he knows as well as his rider the urgency of their mission.

On entering Cornish territory, Kai meets with no challenge. He heads for Mark's village, not knowing what else to do. Surely that is where Arthur will have gone.

It is after noon when he crests a rise and looks down the slope towards the river, and his heart lifts.

He is in time.

Through the rain he can see a stretch of level ground where the river has cut high, steep banks through the pasture on either side. Near the bend in the river he can see two small, distant figures circling each other: unmistakably, Mark and Arthur.

As Kai draws closer with what feels like painful slowness, he can see that Mark is no longer armed with a sword; he is parrying Arthur's strokes with what looks like a fallen branch, while Arthur circles around him, sword in hand, looking for an opportunity. Both men are exhausted. Mark's knees are bent and Arthur is moving stiffly and with care, trying to conserve his strength.

There is blood on Arthur's face.

Kai's heart is wrung; he kicks the horse to one final effort. But after only a few strides, disaster strikes: one hoof slides into a badger hole and suddenly the horse is falling, and Kai with it. Desperately he throws himself clear, landing heavily on his left arm; he hears the bone crack as he hits the ground. Head swimming, he struggles to his feet. His left arm is hanging numb and useless, and he can feel blood streaming from a cut on his forehead. The horse is a little way off; he can see that the poor beast is lamed, hobbling on three legs, unable to bear him further. Ignoring the pain of his injuries, Kai curses his luck and starts to run, stumbling on the slippery grass, the roaring of the swollen river filling his ears and masking the sound of his approach from the two combatants.

As he nears the bend in the river, his heart pounding in his throat and his breath short, he hears a cry; to his horror, as he looks up through the blowing curtains of rain he sees both warriors, disarmed now and grappling together, sliding irrevocably down the muddy river bank into the swollen torrent. Their bodies seem to fall slowly, so slowly, tumbling down the steep slope with limbs flailing, the splash coming faintly to his ears as he sees them both hit the water.

Kai flings himself forward with frantic haste, over the last few yards to the bank, barely able to keep his footing. He slips and falls headlong, sprawling on a patch of trampled ground; there is blood on the grass, and a glint of metal in a clump of rushes, but Kai is barely aware of it as he scrambles up and races to the edge, unwilling to face the truth and yet compelled to look.

Nothing is visible below him but churning, muddy water.

He screams Arthur's name, but his voice is drowned by the rushing of the river.

Suddenly, against all hope, Arthur's dark head breaks the surface. Kai catches a glimpse of an upraised hand, sees Arthur's beloved body being swept away downstream to lodge against the branches of a dead willow tree wedged part way across the river channel.

Kai staggers along the bank towards the roots of the tree, where the bank is lower. He watches in terror as Arthur struggles to pull himself up onto the trunk of the tree, out of reach of the river. Battered and breathless, Arthur coughs up a mouthful of dirty water, raises his head and looks about him.

And there is Mark; he has been swept past the top of the tree and is clinging desperately to some thin twigs on its downstream side. His grip is slipping as Kai watches him. In a few more moments he will be washed away…

A faint cry comes to Kai's ears above the surge of the water. Mark is in fear for his life; already weakened by his injuries, his big body's strength is failing. The greedy rush of the water sucks him inexorably away from the tree, washing the blood from the wounds striped across his back and shoulders, washing him into the swirling current. His head breaks the surface, struggling for air; his legs thrash uselessly in the muddy water. He looks up and sees Arthur watching; an expression of utter despair crosses his face. He expects no mercy from his adversary now. He closes his eyes so as not to see Arthur's triumph.

'Arthur!' Kai shouts again, and this time Arthur hears him, and looks up. Their eyes meet.

Arthur nods as though he's made up his mind, and starts to move, slowly and painfully.

Kai draws a shaken breath of relief.

And then cries out in horror.

Arthur is moving along the tree trunk, but to Kai's amazement he is not returning to the river bank but climbing further out, towards Mark. Kai yells again in protest, but Arthur can't or won't hear him. Summoning his remaining strength, Arthur heaves himself over the tree trunk and into the water, clambering over the branches and wading out until he is within arm's reach.

'Mark!' His voice barely carries over the noise of the torrent. But Mark's eyes open in surprise, and then in fear.

Arthur reaches out, holding onto a branch with his other hand. Mark hesitates, fearing some treachery; he shakes his head.

'Take it, damn you!' Arthur stretches out as far as he can. He grips Mark by one bloodied and bruised arm, ignoring the feeble resistance he puts up, and pulls him into the shallows by the roots of the tree. Unceremoniously he hauls him up the bank and with a final effort drags him away from the edge and dumps him on the ground in a shivering, unconscious heap at Kai's feet.

He does not say a word to his vanquished enemy, but turns away, as if he cannot bear the sight of Mark's body. He seems unable to speak; he looks to Kai, as if for comfort. Kai simply puts his good arm around Arthur's shoulders and holds him close for a few moments. He wishes they could stay like that for ever, but both of them are already too cold even to shiver, and he knows they need to reach shelter soon. Reluctantly, he lets go.

Arthur says quietly, 'Thank you… for coming after me.'

'I couldn't help you.' Kai's eyes fill with tears. 'I was too late…'

'No…you were just in time, believe me. But you're hurt.' Arthur looks at Kai with concern.

'A fall from my horse in my haste to reach you. Just my own carelessness. Broken arm – it'll mend.' Kai shrugs, then narrows his eyes at Mark's senseless bulk on the riverbank. 'You saved him.' There is a touch of accusation in his voice, as well as puzzlement.

'I had to; enemy or no, I couldn't just leave him to drown.' A grimace of pain crosses Arthur's face. 'I'll tell you about it later. But for now, we must be practical, or he'll die anyway. Where's your horse?'

'Along the bank a little way. But he's lamed, and if we put this great carcass on his back' – Kai kicks Mark's limp body vengefully – 'he'll fall over.'

Arthur puts his fingers to his lips and gives a shrill whistle; to their relief, his white stallion obeys the summons promptly, appearing out of the rain with Kai's poor limping mount following behind.

Somehow between them they hoist Mark onto the back of the white horse, wrapped in Kai's sodden cloak, and a sorry little procession heads for Mark's village. By the time they reach the gate, it is dark, and Kai is stumbling along in a nightmare of cold and pain, with Arthur's arm around his shoulders. He is aware of the welcome warmth and firelight of the Cornish longhouse for only a few seconds before his knees buckle and the world goes dark.