Just finishing his Transfiguration homework (Hermione would certainly be proud of him, he thought smugly), Ron glanced up from where he was sitting in the unusually quiet Gryffindor Common Room.

Anxious to the point where he almost tripped over his own feet, Harry came bolting down the stairs.

“Everything okay, mate?” Ron asked with a worried frown.

“Er- yeah, sure,” Harry replied awkwardly.

Not at all convinced, Ron put down his quill. “Where are you rushing off to?”

“Er… I’ve got an appointment with that lady from St. Mungo’s,” Harry said, and his face flooded with colour; he had always been a terrible liar.

“At this time of day?” Predictably, Ron didn’t believe him. “Will you be back in time to join us for dinner?”

“Yeah, she’s extremely busy, that’s why I’m going now,” Harry blurted out and then he stormed off without another syllable.

Ron frowned. His best friend’s behaviour certainly wasn’t getting any less bizarre.

“Oi, Seamus!” He turned to face the boy who was sitting at a table a few feet away. “Do you reckon he's seeing someone or something?"

The Irishman blinked. Truthfully, he had a pretty good idea of what was going on. He hadn’t failed to notice the looks that often passed between Harry and Malfoy these days. Sometimes those glances were conspiratorial, at other times almost yearning, and the other day, he had also spotted Harry heading up to the Heads’ quarters, and such definitely not to talk to Hermione; she’d been in the library at the time.

Still, Seamus had no desire to become the messenger who ended up shot or some magical equivalent thereof, so he shrugged and replied noncommittally, “I really couldn’t say, mate.”

At the same time, however, he also made a mental note to mention this to Harry, to encourage him to come clean before Ron figured it all out on his own. Because Ron would eventually. Of that, Seamus was quite convinced. Just because the youngest Weasley lad was a little slow on the uptake from time to time, that still didn’t make him a complete fool.

“Well, I hate to say it, Potter, but you’re not as powerful as you once were; or all that stable, for that matter, and your mental state, as we’ve already noticed, greatly influences your magic too.”

Draco smirked. “Ah, but when has the great Harry Potter ever been even remotely close to stable, Tom?”

“Hilarious, Malfoy. Really.” Harry rolled his eyes. “You’ve got a point though, Tom,” he added. “When I defeated Voldemort, some of my powers died with him, and I also discovered that I can no longer control my magic as well as I used to.”

Draco blinked. “You- what?”

“Didn’t you notice? That day you and I fought?“

“That night you attacked me, you mean,” Draco cut in firmly.

“Er- yeah.” Harry looked sheepish. “But didn’t you notice, though? I barely managed to defend myself when Tom showed up and intervened.”

“Yes, I did wonder about that afterwards,” Draco admitted. “Particularly how you seemed so weak, almost helpless, compared to him.”

Harry smiled wryly but didn’t comment any further.

“So,” Tom said, steering the conversation back to the matter at hand, “the three of us are all in agreement that it will be Draco and myself who will destroy the Time Portal, while Harry keeps watch and Stupefies anyone who comes close?”

He received twin nods in response.

Harry cleared his throat. He felt the need to say something, to add an additional element of closure to this day, which, if everything went according to plan, would mark both an end and a new beginning to their lives as they presently knew them.

“I er- still feel rotten about that night, you know,” he told Draco in hushed tones. “I genuinely thought you were- well, that you’d been on Voldemort’s side during the war, and that you’d willingly, er—“ Harry shuddered. He couldn’t bring himself to utter the remaining words. “Anyway,” he said instead, “when Tom set me straight, I realised I shouldn’t have jumped to those conclusions. I’m very sorry I misjudged you.”

Draco’s eyes widened in blatant horror as he understood what Harry’s apology implied. He turned to Tom. “You told him what the Da- … what Vo- Voldemort did to me?“ he practically yelled, his voice laden with accusation. “You told him I was-“

Tom only nodded.

“Oh God. Fuck, no!” Suddenly feeling embarrassed, vulnerable and all-round wretched beyond words, Draco burst into tears. There had been no need for Potter to find out about all that in even the slightest detail, surely?

“Draco?” Harry said gently and when he received nothing but violent sobs in response, he pulled the distraught boy into his arms and held him tight. “Shh,” he whispered. “It’s all right.”

“You did nothing wrong, Draco,” Tom supplied, his tone of voice betraying no emotion whatsoever, “and Harry does have a right to know the truth now, doesn’t he? The three of us shouldn’t have any secrets, not from each other.”

“No, all right, but still,” Draco choked out, “whatever mustn’t you think of me now, Harry, I-”

“All I think, Draco,” Harry said sincerely, “is that you’re a remarkable, wonderful person, one I should have been a lot kinder to much sooner.”

“Well, I was hardly friendly to you, either,” Draco pointed out. He moved back slightly, and pulled a handkerchief from his robe pocket to dry his eyes. “I bullied you and your friends for years; back in our sixth year, I tried to cast an Unforgivable on you, I-“

“Yeah, after which I magically sliced your chest open,” Harry supplied sadly. “I’m not proud of that either, you know, even if it was sort of an accident.”

“Yes, I know.”

They looked at each other for a few silent moments, two pairs of eyes shining with sadness, regret, and finally, understanding: an unspoken agreement that the past truly didn’t matter anymore, only the present and the future did.

“Everything’s different now, you know,” Harry said firmly, tracing his thumb along Draco’s cheek. He longed to say more, but they didn’t have that much time and he probably wouldn’t find the right words anyway and besides, he was certain that already Draco knew. He had to, after everything.

“Yes, it is,” Draco whispered. They kissed lovingly and Harry thought he never wanted to let go.

“All right, you two,” Tom interrupted them. “When you’re quite done snogging, we have a rather important artefact to demolish, if you recall, and not all that much time available to demolish it in.”

“So we do,” Harry said, pulling back reluctantly. He gave Tom a pointed look. “I’m not letting you go again, Riddle.”

Tom grinned. “As if I’d ever willingly give you the satisfaction of being rid of me, Potter.”

The three of them stealthily made their way to the guarded room. Overpowering the goblin a second time proved a piece of cake, especially since, courtesy of a powerful Confundus Charm from Hermione, the creature had no recollection of the previous attack.

“All right,” Harry said, as Tom and Draco were about to enter the room. “You’ll be careful, won’t you?”

“Of course,” Tom said. “Now, go on, end of the corridor, Potter. Chop-chop!”

Harry smiled. He gave Draco another fleeting look, turned around and did as he’d been instructed.

Concealed by his cloak, he took a deep breath, kept an eye out for any students or members of staff heading their way (Thank Merlin, he hadn’t spotted any so far), and he waited…

… and waited.

About ten minutes later (though it felt like an eternity) the noise of a loud explosion made him whip around.

His eyes widened and his mouth fell open when he saw the bright blue light streaming out of the room that held the Time Portal.

Harry squinted, seeing nothing but endless, captivating blue. He soon realised he had gone numb, couldn’t move, was fascinated, captivated and rooted to the spot…

The bright blue mist came closer and closer, gliding further down the corridor like a bodiless entity, enveloping him, absorbing him almost, until suddenly, he felt his legs give way and his head began to spin and then his whole world turned black…