Tessa the Toiler, Chapter 6  (MF, oral, con, anal)
By Paco Svengali
Released 04/23/2004
Updated 08/27/2007:  Format



Chapter 6 - Fatherly Love

	"Tessa, you've got to be kidding.  You're the hottest pussy in Chicago, you're planning on going with Jack to the Caribbean where you're going to cost him a bundle, and you're actually dating another guy who thinks your Miss Apple Pie.  Honey, give me a break!"
	The speaker was Tally, Tessa's best friend and another hooker.  Because of their life style, they could be honest with one another, and often supported the one another when the need arose.  They had worked double dates together and exchanged johns, but setting business aside, they were also close as sisters.  
	Both Tessa and Tally were exceptionally beautiful women.  Both were 5' 4" and had fabulous figures with a pair of tits to make any mortal man want to cum in his pants just thinking about them.  The biggest difference between the two, and when they were together it was breath taking, was the fact that while Tessa was a blue eyed blonde, Tally was a simmering brunette with dark eyes.  When the two of them were side by side, people marveled when they saw these two beautiful, contrasting women.
	Now they sat at lunch, dining alfresco, and catching up on gossip and laying out plans. 
	"Tessa, what are you going to do about Dan?  You haven't even let the guy get to first base.  He's still being treated like a boy scout.  Shit, he thinks you're the real thing, like you're someone who he could take home to mother. Honey, you're a hooker, and you're headed for a real mess.  You're going to get hurt and you know I'm right."
	"Look, damn it, let me have my dreams, let me enjoy it while it lasts," responded Tessa with a sigh.  "I know that nothing will come of it with Dan.  His family is wealthy, if not prominent, and eventually I going to have to break it off.  Christ, he comes from Highland Park.  I've probably been laid by half the town."
	"Tessa, sweetheart, look at us.  We're both hookers.  We make great money, live very nicely and enjoy what we do.  Hell, some would accuse us of being nyphos because we when we're with a guy, we like to get off with them.  We just don't lie there and let them use our pussies as a sperm depository.
	"But some day, Tessa, we're going to start to show our age.  It's going to catch up with us.  That's the time when we can think about settling down.  We'll be sitting on a damn nice bundle of money by that time.  We can move to another town and start over where everything will be new and fresh, or we can stay here and hope for the best, but the best better be with some middle of the road guy, not the type we're used to now.  After all, when you have the city's wealthiest as your clients, you limit yourself when you hang it up."
	Tessa sat there and listened.  She knew that Tally was right.  She had started to see Dan as almost a joke. The only problem was that Dan wasn't laughing.  He was treating Tessa as a girl whom he wanted to be serious with.  He made some advances, but when Tessa held him off, he treated her with respect.  A guy will only be this way when he wants the relationship to get serious.  On top of it, Tessa was dreaming dreams of Dan, starting to think of him in a serious light.  With this in mind, she knew was setting them both up for a pile of pain. 
	"Okay, enough lecturing for one day," said Tally as the waiter come up to the table.  "What do you have going for yourself today?"
	"Got a call from a guy.  His name is Maury."
	"Yeah, I remember that one."
	The waiter took all this in without blinking an eye.  Tally handed him her credit cart and he went off.
	"He said some guy by the name of Ben would be calling me.  It seems Ben is an old friend of Maury's.  Maury asked me to set up a date with Ben when he called.  The call is probably sitting on my answering machine right now."
	"Business always calls.  Do you have to get back right away?  We can stop at Saks and do some damage to our American Express if you have the time."
	"I better get back.  If this guy is a friend of Maury, that means that his has a good roll of money to play with, and he'd be a good addition to a girl's book.  Come on, I'll walk you over to Michigan Avenue, then be on my way."
	The two girlfriends left the restaurant and headed over to Michigan Avenue.  For all those passing them by, they looked like two beautiful women doing what becomes two beautiful women, shopping and helping support the economy.

	"Hello," came from the other end.
	"Hello, is this Ben?"
	"Yes this is.  And who is this?"
	"Tessa.  You left a message on my answering machine."
	"Tessa, thanks for calling me back.  Say, Maury thought I might give you a call.  He gave me your name.  I was thinking that we could get together possibly, you and me."
	"Sounds fine with me, Ben.  If Maury gave you my name, I'd like to meet you."
	"Great.  Now how would you suggest we proceed?"
	Tessa laid out a plan for the two of them.  Ben would hop a cab and get a room at the Hyatt just off of Michigan Avenue.  What he didn't know was that Tessa set it up so that all she had to do was walk across the street for the appointment.  She would give him and hour, the join him.
	"Sounds good, Tessa.  Say, I hope you don't mind, but I'm not what you'd call a kid anymore."
	"Ben, don't worry about it.  I'll just treat you like a sugar daddy, if you don't mind.  Anyway, I've never met a man who didn't want to seduce a girl young enough to her his daughter."
	"Hell, Tessa, you could be my granddaughter if what Maury tells me about you is correct.  See you in an hour."
	
	The door was opened by a man in his fifties.  He was a little over six foot with distinguishing gray hair and a body that was still in shape regardless of its age.
	"Tessa?"
	"Only if you're Ben," replied Tessa smiling at the man.  With this guy's looks, Tessa thought, he doesn't have anything to worry about.  Hell, at his age he should know how to do it and leave a girl screaming for more.
	"Come on in."
	Ben smelled the scent of her hair as she passed and admired the shapely figure.  He was glad that he finally worked up the nerve to do this.  Tessa was right about Ben.  He was at that age where he realized that he had better fulfill any of his dreams because age was catching up with him.  He had better get his flings in soon while his body would still let him.
	"You'll have to excuse me, Tessa.  I haven't done something like this since I was a kid in the service.  I mean, with someone other than, well you know, my wife.  And, yeah, I still remember it."
	"Don't worry, Ben."
	"I mean, I feel a little nervous, and yes, maybe feeling a little guilty.  But, hell, when you're about to bed a girl, and you're still a very young girl to me, who is probably younger than your own son, I guess man would be nervous."
	"Ben, as I said, quit worrying.  With your looks, I'll be there's many a woman who wants to bed you.  As to the guilt, well Ben, let's forget about your family right now.  There's just you and me for the next few hours."
	Looking over Tessa shoulder, Ben remarked, "I love my wife, Cynthia, and we have a fine son.  I'm real proud of my boy.  He's joined my firm, and he'll take over when the time is right.  Yeah, I guess that I should feel a little guilty being here."
	"Look, Ben, I don't want to cause you any trouble.  If you want to call it off, I won't be offended."
	Hearing that, Ben was startled and looked back to Tessa.  "No, sweetheart.  I getting old and just once, just this once, I want to forget all that I'm supposed to do, and do something that I want to do.  As long as no one finds out, I want to act like a teenager once more.  I want to make a fool out of myself."
	Looking at Tessa, Ben asked, "This is you're turf, Tessa.  Maury told me you were one of the best.  Tell me, how many times do you think I could do it?  I mean, how many times came I get it off, if you know what I mean."
	"Ben, first I know what you mean and, secondly, as you said, this is my turf.  Let me ask you one thing, you got a two or three hours to spare?"
	Feeling the thrill of what the next few hours may bring him, Ben's breathing increased in anticipation.  "Tessa, all I have to do is catch the 6:30 and I'll be fine."
	Smiling at him, this was the first time that she would have to work against the clock, Tessa asked, "So tell me about the last time.  Why do you remember it after all these year?"
	"We were in Korea and on leave.  We went to a cathouse and I got myself a real beauty.  It seems that the Orientals love their baths.  I spent the whole evening getting wrinkled from the water and having my pipes clean so many times that my balls ached for the next week.  Jesus, that was something."
	Laughing, Tessa said, "I'm in trouble.  How am I supposed to overcome memories like that?"  Stopping to look into the older man's eyes, Tessa smiled and said, "You good enough for a triple header?"
	"Tessa!  You're dreaming if you think that you can get me off three times before I have to go.  Hell, I'm in my mid fifties, not my teens.  What the heck do you think you can do with this old fart?"
	Tessa came up to Ben.  Without a word, she put her hands around his neck and kissed him, letting her body press against his.
	Ben felt her breasts press into his chest and her hips come up against his groin.  So lush was her kiss that he couldn't help himself.  He grabbed her by the ass and pulled her against him, letting her feel his growing member.
	Breaking the kiss, Tessa gyrated her hips and said, "My goodness, Ben, do I want to look down?  So much for you being too old, if you ask me."
	 Stepping back, Tessa quickly removed her outer clothes, leaving herself standing in front of Ben in only her demi bra and thong.  Neither of the garments left anything to the imagination.
	"Well," she asked, "are you willing to rob the cradle?  Come on over here Ben, let Tessa do her magic on you."
	Before Ben knew what was happening, he found himself standing in his shorts, the front of which were bulging outward from his half swollen cock.
	Going over to the bed, Tessa free her breasts from her bra, then turned and stripped the covers off.  Climbing into it, she cupped her tits in her hands.
	"Ben, come over here.  I need some love.  Kiss them.  Go ahead, suck on my tits."
	If Ben had any thoughts of his wife and son, they soon vanished as he looked at this beautiful blonde, lying in bed, offering her tits to him.
	With a groan he climbed into bed with Tessa, his hand holding his erect cock, which was still trapped within his shorts.  Coming up to her, he looked down at her offering.  Her tits were full and firm, crowned by full nipples in the center of ripe areolas
	"Come on, Ben, suck 'em.  Go ahead, they're yours."
	Ben bent down and ran his tongue across first one, then the other nipple.  They were firm and responded to his ministrations.  He took one of her hard buds between his teeth and sucked it into his mouth while running his tongue over it.
	"Ben, baby, don't quit.  It feels wonderful," Tessa implored as she responded to his actions.  Her hips came up off the bed, and her warm young thigh pressed against his leg, running up and down it.
	Ben looked down and said, "You have nice legs, honey," as he reached a hand out and placed it on her knee.  With heavy breath, he was aware of the heat emitting from her as he moved his fingers down Tessa's leg, rubbing them as they went, until they brushed against the elastic of her tiny thong panties.  Her legs automatically opened at his touch, inviting him to explore her further.
	Ben had stopped nuzzling Tessa's tits.  He leaned on one elbow looking down at the blonde, watching her face as he began to explore her body.
	" Ohhhhhhhh, Ben!" she moaned, spreading her trembling legs even further apart.  By the time Ben's fingers reached her prominent little mound, Tessa's ass was squirming around in circles.
  	 "You like that, don't you, Tessa?  You like me touching your little pussy?" panted Ben.  He could feel his cock, trapped between the bed and his body, hard as a rock.
 	"Yes! Oh, God yes, Ben! I love it!" whimpered the young girl, hunching her hips up against his probing fingers. She lifted her mouth to his, and Ben kissed her full on the lips, excited by their soft and pliant fullness. He slipped his tongue into her mouth, and Tessa's was right there to meet it.  God, thought Ben, Maury was right.  Tessa was a whore that knew and loved her business.  He didn't know how much this was going to cost him, but it would be worth every dollar of it.
	Ben slipped his hand firmly between her thighs, stroking the soft puckered lips of her pussy through the thin silk of her thong.  He felt the dampness of her leaking cunt.
	Tessa responded instinctively by groaning and squirming her hips even more.  
	"Christ, Tessa, your pussy is so hot!" he groaned as he cupped her tiny, quivering mound completely in the palm of his hand and continued to massage it.
	"Oh, Ben, you make me so wet.  Take my panties off.  I want you to touch me.  I want your fingers in my cunt."
Ben couldn't believe this was happening.  He quickly move between her legs and began to remove her thong.  Tessa tried to help as much as possible by lifting her thigh perfect ass off the bed as Ben tugged at the waist band.  Finally he managed to peel the thong over her hips and down thighs.  Impatiently, Tessa kicked the tiny wad of cloth from around her ankles and spread her thighs wide apart.
	Ben caught his breath as Tessa' cunt flowered open before him.  It was beautiful.  At light blond fuzz covered her mound, failing to hide the puffy pink lips of her compact twat.  With no hair to truly hide it, her narrow pussy slit stood out like a long gash, glistening with moisture.
	Tessa smiled.  Reaching down between her thighs, she parted the lips of her cunt with both hands.  As Ben watched in stunned silence, the pink innermost folds of her pussy were revealed.  Her prominent clitoris peeked out, begging for his lips.
	"Do you like what you see, Ben?" she moaned softly to him.
	"It's fantastic, Tessa.  I've never seen such a beautiful sight in my life," he mumbled almost to himself as he stared at the offering before him.
Ben reached out to touch her, dipping his fingers into her hot wetness of the Tessa's gaping cunt.  She responded by emitting a low deep moan as his finger stroked her aroused cunt.
"Ben, that feels so good, so fucking good.  Go ahead, put your finger all the way up my cunt, baby.  Shove it in."
	Ben couldn't believe what he was hearing.  Feeling his heart beat roaring in his ears, he inserted a finger between the Tessa's drooling pussy lips and pushed tentatively.  Tessa's pussy seemed to suck his finger into it, clasping his finger in a warm, wet grip.  She groaned with pleasure as it entered.   Tessa humped her crotch up against his hand, gasping for breath, wanting even more penetration. Ben was turned on by her brazen lust.
	"More, Ben.  Give me more," she panted as she squirmed her pussy against his invading finger.
"Tessa, you're a real hot bitch, aren't you!"
	"More, Ben.  More.  Please."
	Ben inserted a second finger into her tight twat, quickly followed by a third.  The only reaction that he got from Tessa was a squeal of delight as her hips rose off the bed to meet the invasion.  Tessa's almost hairless pubes looked like a baby's mouth sucking at his fingers as her pussy lips puckered and pouted and slobbered around his plunging digits. 
	Tessa's lithe young body was jerking and quivering with lust.  "Fuck me, Ben!  Fuck me with your fingers!  Make me cum," she cried.  Tessa's hips were bucking wildly up off the bed as Ben's fingers stabbed into her.  His thumb felt for her clit, rubbing the hooded little bud with varying pressure. Little Tessa went wild!
	"Oh shit, I'm cumming.  God damn it, you're making me cum1"
	Tessa came alright. She came hard, very hard, her cunt spasming and twitching around Ben's stabbing fingers until he thought she was never going to stop.   He could feel the juices running from her, across his fingers and down his hand, smearing up the bed.
	Jesus, though Ben, here he was with a whore and who was getting it!  The whore, that's who!  Maury said she was a whore who loved her work, and sure as hell, Maury was right.
	Coming back to reality, Tessa ass quit convulsing and slowly came to rest as her orgasm passed over her.
	"Ben, you were wonderful."  Throwing her arms around his neck, she pulled him to her.  Tessa opened her mouth and kissed him hungrily, ramming her demanding tongue repeatedly down his throat.  Ben returned her passionate kisses for as long as he could, finally pulling his feverish lips from her hot, clinging mouth. 
	Looking down at his still enclosed cock, Tessa reached for him.  Her fingers caught his shorts and pulled them down, only slowing as she worked them over his erect pole.  Tessa gasped for breath as Ben's prick sprang into view. 
 	"God! It's beautiful!  And you're worried about your age?  Hell, Ben, if half the guys had something like this between their legs, I'd be paying for it, and not the reverse," she said, staring at the thick, blue veined pole sticking up from between his thighs.
	"It's my turn now," she said as she reached for his member.  "Let me suck on it, baby."
	Ben was more than happy for her to suck his cock. He was beginning to believe that this gorgeous sexy bitch was going to make him cum like he had dreamt.  Right now, her hot mouth on his prick would do just fine! His fingers were still inside her cunt, and as Ben looked down at her juicy slit sucking gently on his fingertips, he had idea.  
	As her mouth went for his cock, he held her back, looking into her sparkling eyes.  "Tessa, slow up, wait a minute," he said.
	"What do you want, Ben?" she asked as she wrapped her fingers around his throbbing cock.
	Ben smiled as he extracted his fingers from her pussy and ran them over Tessa's conical breasts, rubbing the hard nipples between his greasy fingers until the Tessa began to shiver and moan softly.  Ben then ran his palms down over the curve hips, cupping her firm round, ass cheeks in both hands. They were incredibly firm.
	"Tessa," Ben grasped, "I want to suck your cunt, baby, while you suck me off! Get up over me."
	Tessa came to her knees and straddled his face with her crotch, spreading her legs apart so that her pink pussy lips gaped open only inches above his face.  She reached down and grabbed his throbbing prick as it stood up like a totem pole, and positioned the bloated tip between her hungry lips.  She loved the taste of a hard male cock.  She opened her mouth wider, wrapping her lips around the head of Ben's engorge shaft.  Slowly Tessa began to move her warm tongue up and down Ben's shaft as it slid slowly between her lips. She sucked him into her mouth until her throat was filled with his entire cock.
	As Ben felt Tessa's mouth envelop his stiff cock, he grabbed the cheeks of her firm ass with both hands and pulled her hovering cunt down onto his waiting mouth.  A muffled moan escaped her lips as Ben's eager tongue contacted her gaping slit and brushed over her swollen clit. He dragged his tongue slowly across her swollen cunt lips, up one side of her cunt and down the other.  He flicked his tongue back and forth across her clitoris making Tessa's hips quiver at the sensation.  The room became filled with loud, wet slurping sounds as Tessa sucked greedily on his glistening cock. 
	Ben ran his tongue back and forth between Tessa's cunt lips, getting her so excited she her hips until his face was buried in her slit and then she wiggled her juicy pussy all over his face. His hands cupped her firm buttocks, pulling her cunt hard against his open mouth as he thrust his tongue deep inside her drooling slit. He heard her gasp and felt her mouth increase its wonderful suction on his jerking cock.  Tessa's pussy opened and closed around his tongue as he used it expertly as if it were a small stiff prick, deep within her fuck hole.
	Ben's tongue found her hard, quivering clit again. The tiny bud was stiff as a little cock, and throbbed and pulsed between his lips as he sucked it gently in and out of his mouth, just like Tessa's lips were doing to his cock.
	Ben could feel every ridge and valley of her mouth as his cock slid ever deeper between the girl's lips as she swallowed his huge throbbing organ to the very base. Her tightly stretched lips worked vigorously up and down the slick pole, covering every inch of its hard length with her warm, slippery saliva.  Ben had made the hot little whore cum on his fingers like she'd never cum before, and Tessa was determined to return the favor by making him in her lovely mouth.
	Her lips were unbelievably tight around his prick, and Ben couldn't fight the urge to jerk his hips up off the bed, fucking his massive cock deep into her juicy warm mouth. Tessa was an expert cock sucker, and she knew exactly how to use her mouth on the male organ for maximum pleasure. On the upstroke, she sucked for a while on his fat, purple knob, sticking the tip of her tongue into the tiny slit in the head of his cock. Before too long, Ben felt his balls begin to expand urgently.
	"Oh shit, Tessa, baby! Christ! Here it comes! Suck it hard! I'm going to fill your gorgeous little mouth full of cum!"
	Tessa sucked greedily as Ben's hot jism began to spurt from the jerking tip of his cock. The thick, salty fluid filled her mouth and some of it leaked out the side of her mouth, running down Ben's balls.   Tessa had to swallow and enjoyed the saltiness of the cream as it ran across her tongue.
	"Ohhhhhh! God! Fucking Christ! Suck it, you gorgeous little fuck! Take it, baby! Eat it all!"
	Cum kept oozing from the corners of her mouth as Ben's orgasm began to subside. Tessa lifted her lips from his cock for a second, and with a ropy strand of cum hanging from her lips to his prick, and she licked her lips of the last of his cum.
	Holding Ben's cock, Tessa licked the shaft dry, and then continued sucking gently on it, keeping it hard. She didn't want him to go soft on her just yet.  If she was to get him off three times, she still had a way to go.   
	His cock had felt so good in her mouth, but now it was time to feel it slicing into her juicy slit. She turned around and lay on top of him, rubbing her tits and cunt over his sweaty body.
	"Jesus! You're fantastic, baby?" said Ben as he let his hands slide down over her back. He filled his hands with her ass cheeks, rubbing and kneading the firm round globes as she squirmed deliciously against him.
	"I'm hot alright!" replied Tessa, rubbing her juicy cunt against his belly.  "I'm hot for big cock, Ben! Will you fuck me now?  It's hard again.  I can feel it throbbing against my pussy!  Please put it in and fuck me, Ben!"
	Tessa smashed her lips to his and kissed him passionately, sucking his tongue into her mouth.  The young whore's 's hips moved in tiny humping circles, rubbing her wet, gaping cunt up and down his cock, leaving a thin, shiny film on him.
	"Okay, Tessa! I want to fuck you! Get down on the bed and let me see that pussy of yours."
	Tessa rolled off his chest and lay panting expectantly beside him. Her long, slim legs were drawn up, exposing her cunt to him.  Ben groaned at the unbelievably sexy sight.  Her pussy lips gaped sweetly open, revealing the moist, pink interior of her juicy cunt. The dark hole just below her prominent clit held his gaze.  Tessa looked up at him with pleading eyes.
	"Ohhhh, Ben! Do you like what you see?  Quick, fuck me, Ben! Fuck me.... Please!!" Tessa encouraged him, and her tiny hips humped seductively up at him.
	"Yesss! Oh God how I want your pussy!" hissed Ben scrambling rapidly between the girl's wide spread thighs.
	His cock was raging, fully hard, sticking out from his hairy groin like a baseball bat.  The bulbous purple head and pulsing veins along the massive shaft fascinated her.  Looking at it, Tessa smiled and thought that with a pole like that, Ben could satisfy any woman, regardless of her age.  She smiled and swallowed as she watched Ben's huge cock advance towards her gapping cunt.  She instinctively spread her legs wider, offering her slit to Ben. 
	Ben resisted the impulse to ram his shaft deep into her tight, juicy gash.  Instead, he used the tip to slowly probe her outer lips, smearing their juices over her cunt in anticipation of his penetration.
	Tessa caught her breath as she felt as his hard, fat cock press urgently between the moist lips of her pussy.  Holding her breath, Tessa reached around and grasped his ass cheeks with both hands as Ben panted above her.
	"Oh Jesus, Ben! For Christ's sake put it in me.  I want to feel you.  Come on and fuck me! Ohhhhh!" whimpered Tessa as she squirmed her crotch frantically up onto his teasing cock.
	"You want me to fuck you, Tessa, don't you?"  grinned Ben as he continued running the tip of his cock up and down inside the tight, wet lips of Tessa's drooling little snatch. 
	"Yes! Yes! God, yes! I want it so fucking bad, Ben! Come on!  Shove it in! Fuck me, please!" she panted knowing that the chanting of a woman begging to be fucked added to the male's excitement.
	The hard pressure of Ben's cock head rubbing slowly against her inflamed clit was getting to Tessa and soon she was whimpering and writhing beneath him, urging him on, begging him to fuck her.
	"Open your little legs as wide as you can for me!" Ben asked of the withering whore underneath him
	Tessa did as she was asked, spreading her thighs until her pussy gapped open before his swollen prick. Ben pushed forward a little, stretching Tessa's quivering cunt lips until the tip of his cock lodged suddenly into the entrance of her tight, juicy fuck hole.  As the thick, round knob began to penetrate cunt, she humped her hips up at him.
	Ben resisted the impulse to plunge right in and instead enjoyed the exquisite pleasure he felt as her cunt lips closed tightly around his knob.  
	Tessa looked down between her legs as Ben's huge cock pressed further into her pussy and gasped, "It's beautiful, Ben.  Your cock is so beautiful.  God damn, I want it."
	"And in a couple of seconds, baby, you're going to get all ten inches of it stuffed right up that hot, tight, juicy cunt of yours!"
	"Oh, yes, please!" cried Tessa as she urged him on, shamelessly reaching down and spreading the lips of her pussy with both hands.  She moaned and gripped Ben's huge, bloated cock with one hand and guided his prick into her drooling twat.
	Ben looked down and watched her lubricate his cock by rubbing it expertly up and down through her juicy lips.  "You ready, sweetheart?" Ben grinned.
	"Uh, yes, yes! Shove that mother fucker in me, Ben," she moaned, masturbating her erect little clit with the tip of her fingers.
	"Christ kid, you were born to fuck, you little slut!" Ben said as he began to push forward with his cock.  It slid into her tight, slippery cunt a lot easier than he expected. They both looked down and watched as her pink, hairless cunt lips stretched and parted, and Ben's long, thick cock sank slowly but surely into her tight pussy. 
	"Put it in and fuck me!" she squealed as she arched her hips up off the bed to give him easier access to her cunt. 
	Ben grabbed her by the waist and hunched forward, burying his raging prick the rest of the way into Tessa's pussy with a single, solid thrust of his hips. 
	Tessa gasped loudly and lifted her little ass with her legs spread wide, her eyes unfocused and her lips parted.  She moaned as Ben's big prick sliced between her pussy lips and drove deep into her belly.  He kept shoving his cock forward, stopping only when the head of his cock came against her cervix.
	Tessa's breathing became increasingly labored.  Grabbing Ben's arms, she started wiggling her ass up off the bed in an attempt to skewer more of his pole into her hot gaping cunt.
	Ben pulled almost completely out of her gripping pussy, and then slammed his hips forward, ramming his big cock back inside of her as far as it would go.
	"Oh Tessa, you little slut," he gasped. "You like my big fat prick way up there, don't you baby?"
	Tessa's could only grunt and wither under him.  Her cunt was filled with ten long inches of hard, throbbing cock and she was enjoying every second of it.  Tessa made whimpering animal noises as Ben stabbed his prick repeatedly into her creaming pussy.  Her shameless cries and moans of pleasure combined with the wet slap of her thighs on his, drove Ben on.  His cock swelled and throbbed within her, growing ever bigger as he plunged deeper and deeper into the Tessa's tight, heaving belly.
	"Fuck me, Ben!" she breathed hotly. "Oh, it feels so good! I love fucking! Your cock feels so big and deep inside me.  Come on Ben, give it to me!"  Tessa raised her legs high and wrapped them around Ben's waist.  She bucked hard, meeting his savage thrusts stroke for stroke. 
	"Ahhhhhhhh, baby, you're the best!" Ben groaned, feeling the girl's bubbling insides grip his cock like a vice.  He couldn't believe the effect Tessa was having on him.  He hadn't had a fuck like this in years and years.  Ben was thrilled and aroused beyond anything he had ever experienced before in his whole life.  Even in her prime, his wife never put out like this.  
	With each thrust, hot pussy juice bubbled out from around the base of Ben's cock and dribbled down between Tessa's thighs, coating her smooth young ass with a slick film of shiny moisture.  In no time at all, her ass and the couch beneath it were saturated with her warm seeping juices.
	Ben's cock felt as if it was going to explode inside her belly at any second.  Ben's balls quivered and swelled with the impending release.  Knowing that the end was near, Ben hunched low over Tessa's squirming body and pumped hard, feeling her hard nipples sliding deliciously across his chest. 
	Within a few seconds her whole body stiffened, and Ben felt Tessa's cunt contract around his cock as she came. Her eyes flew open and so did her mouth in a cry of ecstasy.  She tried to scream out her pleasure, but Ben covered her parted lips with his own, tonguing her mouth as her jerking young body took care of the fucking for both of them.  Tessa's blue eyes were unfocused and glazed over with passion as she felt every nerve in her body as wave after wave crashed through her.
	Her mouth was open and little animal grunts of pleasure escaped her lips as Ben kept on fucking her, driving the very air from her lungs. "Aaiiiieeeeee!" she cried, then in a wild rhythm to match her body's wanton jerks and twists, "Uhh! Uhh! Uhh!"
	Then Ben felt his own climax approaching.  Tessa's cunt was spasming around his cock so tightly, he couldn't hold back any longer.  Pinning her shoulders to the bed, he closed his eyes and concentrated all his feelings into his cock.  He pounded his rod so deep into her cunt that the tip was pushing into her cervix.  With a lusty growl, he knew that nothing could stop the massive explosion of cum that he knew would be bursting out of his swollen balls.  Another few thrusts and Ben was there.  His hips thrusting forwards and his cock began to spurt to the very depths of Tessa's cunt.
	"Oh, sweet Jesus, fuck," he cried as his balls jumped, releasing the first load.  He shuddered and gasped, feeling the load travel up his cock and jerk inside Tessa's tight cunt, sending thick wads of scalding cum exploding from the his prick.  Ben gritted his teeth and closed his eyes as he hammered his boiling cum deep up inside her.
	Tessa fucked back thrust for thrust. Her pussy felt so deliciously tight around his cock.  It was well oiled, slippery and greedy, the tight satiny walls squeezing and tugging at his meat.  In no time at all the professional whore was cumming again, gurgling with delight as she creamed all over his pistoning prick, sending even more slim over his balls and down the crack of her ass.
	Ben rode his orgasm to the end.  As his balls slowly drained, he could feel Tessa start to regain her control as her orgasm reached its end.  Inhaling, he pulled his cock from her pussy, leaving a rope of cum still connecting the two.
Looking down at Tessa's snatch as he knelt between her outstretched legs, he watched their intermingled juices leak out of Tessa's cunt.  He couldn't believe it, this beautiful woman had sucked his balls dry twice now, and he had a feeling just looking at her smiling face that the day wasn't over yet.
	Tessa sat up and gave Ben a quick kiss on the cheek.  "With a stud like you, a girl gets a damn heavy workout.  This woman smells like a whore, if you ask me.  Why don't you stay here while I get some of this goo off me."
	Ben smiled and watched as Tessa bounced off the bed and headed into the bathroom, her ass rotating as she walked.  Her body was covered with a silken sheen of sweat and had a slightly pink hue to it.  Soon he heard the shower running and her splashing.
	Lying there in the bed, naked, Ben rubbed his stomach.  It was still firm and flat.  Not as firm or flat as when he was younger, but, by God, after the last few hours he knew that he still had it in him.  Remembering their earlier conversation, Ben again thought of the time he was in the service and the night in the whore house.  Thinking about it made his cock give a slight, all be it weak, twitch.
	Getting up, Ben went into the bathroom.  The shower was just a stall equipped with regular curtains.  Ben could see nothing of Tessa but heard her humming as she splashed round enjoying herself.  Coming up to it Ben pulled the curtain aside and looked in, and was greeted by the sight of Tessa rinsing the shampoo out of her hair, her head tilted back, her breasts thrust forward.  His gaze wandered down Tessa magnificent wet body covered with a slight slick of soap, and his cock gave a slight jerk in response.  Jesus, he didn't believe what Tessa could do to him.
	"Can you spare some room in there, lady?"
	Smiling without opening her eyes, she had heard him enter the bathroom, Tessa said, "Come on it, Ben.  There's room for all in here."
	He stepped in, his body wetted by the water.  Tessa turned her back to him as she washed away the shampoo that trickled into her face and eyes.  In doing so, she presented Ben with her beautiful ass.  He touched her shoulder and she responded with a wiggle of her entire body.  He then put his other hand on her hip, then brought his first down from her shoulder and wrapped it around her waist.  Holding her by her belly, Ben pulled Tessa to against himself, her back nestled into his chest as his cock pressed into the crack of her ass.  
	"I love it!" he whispered harshly into her ear.
	"Yes, I can tell."
	Tessa tilted her head back and opened her mouth for a kiss.  Ben bent down and locked his lips on hers.  They snaked their tongues together causing his cock to continued to grow as it snuggled between her firm ass checks.
	Tessa turned to face her lover.  They kissed again as her arms went around his neck and her body plastered against his.  In response, Ben placed his hands on her hips and pulled her into his groin, letting his cock press into her mound.  She lifted one of her legs to part her tights just enough so that his cock could push between them.  Now resting the length of her labia, Tessa lowered her leg and captured his cock between her thighs.  
	Remembering Korea and one of the many pleasures he had experienced there, he slid his hands from her hips to her ass.  He dropped his hands to the bottom of her ass cheeks and grabbing the soft, yet firm flesh, he pulled her buttocks apart thus allowing the running water to run over her exposed asshole.
	"I was just going to soap myself down when I was done with my hair.  You know where I could get some help?"
	"Maybe" 
	"Wash me?"
	"Of course," he smiled.  
	"Okay." 
	How any man wouldn't want to touch every part of this woman, he couldn't imagine.
	Ben reached for the washcloth and bottle of soft soap.  Wetting the cloth, he squeezed a healthy amount of the soap into it.  His eyes never leaving hers, he started to circle the cloth on her chest.  After a few moments, Tessa's chest was rich in a thick lather.  Working his way down, Ben soaped her firm tits, her nipples hard and erect.  He stroked the cloth over the swollen buds as they grew in response to the attention they were getting, until they were like two ripe raspberries.  He then proceeded to her belly, then on to her sides from her hips to her arm pits.  
	Tessa giggled when he washed under her arms and her body twitched at the sensation.
	Through all this, Ben's cock continued to grow until it stood out from his groin in rigid anticipation of where his hands were to go next.
	Ben squatted down on his haunches and proceeded to wash her slim thighs that had gripped him minutes before.  As he stooped and washed her, he couldn't help but catch his breath from the sight of her pussy, which was inches from his face.  
	Ben couldn't help himself even if he wanted.  Gripping the back of Tessa's thighs while still holding the cloth in one hand, he pressed his face into her beckoning pussy.  She responded by bending and parting her thighs as she braced her hands on the walls of the shower.  His tongue sought out her pussy.  She tilted her hips even further giving him better access to her cunt.  He eagerly responded by licking her outer labia, the darting his tongue between the lips and licking her inner labia.  Moving up her slit, Ben found her clit and began to suck it between his lips as he rubbed the tip of his tongue across it.
	Tessa responded with a twitch of her hips as her breath became ragged grasps.
	Ben licked down to her opening and pushed his tongue inside her as far as he could, then turned and twisted it inside of her. He then dragged his tongue up along her entire slit until hr reached her clit again.  Ben repeated this back and forth motion causing Tessa to throw her head back and start to make animal like sounds of pleasure.
Coming back to his feet, he asked, "Do you like that?"
	Tessa was too aroused to be able to answer clearly.  With her eyes still closed, she could only manage to shake her head to acknowledge the pleasure that he had given her.
	"Turn around," he instructed her.  "It's time for your back."
	Obeying him, Tessa turned and leaned up against the wall of the shower as the water streamed down on the two of them.  
	Enjoying the sight of the firm, smooth muscles of her back, Ben squeezed more soap into the cloth and began to scrub her back.  He did not spend too much time there.  He soon squatted down again and began to wash her ass cheeks, letting the cloth slip between the crack of her ass as he sought her puckered rosette, which brought a grasp from her.
	Ben quickly stood up, set the cloth off to the side and began to rinse the soap off of Tessa.  Thinking that he was done, she started to turn. He reached out and placed a hand on her shoulder.
	"No, Tessa, stay.  I'm not done yet."
	Squatting back down, Ben reached for her ass cheeks.  Gripping them, he pulled her buttocks apart, exposing her asshole.
	"Go ahead, Ben.  Do it," she whispered to him.
	Ben leaned forward and planted a kiss on each buttock as she pushed her hips back to meet him.  
	"Spread you legs, baby," he told her.
	Obeying him, Ben reached under her and slipped a finger into her cunt.  Kissing her ass, he let his fingers massage her clit, then let it slip between her cunt lips.  As he massaged her cunt, driving his finger deeper and deeper into her pussy, her whole body relaxed until his middle finger was buried as deep as it could go.
	All the time, he continued to kiss and lick her ass, inches away from her anus.  Working his finger in her cunt, Ben leaned in between her buttocks and planted a kiss on her asshole causing Tessa to emit a groan of ecstasy.  He then began to lick her anus, stopping for time to time to push his tongue inside of the brown rosette.
	Suddenly standing up behind her, Ben took one of her hands that was bracing her against the wall and brought it down to her pussy.
	"Go ahead, baby.  Play with yourself.  Go ahead," he coaxed her.
	Ben took one of his fingers and placed it up against her asshole.  Tessa tensed a little, but as his finger slipped into her ass, she relaxed as she felt it entered her.  Ben pushed until his finger was buried in her rectum to the first knuckle.  Sliding back to give a second finger more room, he proceeded to push two fingers up Tessa's ass, then pumped them in and out.
	Tessa's knees began to weaken as Ben continued his pumping of his finger in and out of her asshole.
	"Ben.  Oh, Ben," she managed to get out.  "I don't know how long I can stand it.  Oh Christ, it feels so good."
	Reaching for the cloth, Ben held it over Tessa's rear and let the soap run off it and down the crack of her ass.  Then he squeezed it over his cock, soaping his swollen pole.
	Putting one hand on her hip and holding his prick with the other, Ben positioned the tip of his cock at her asshole.   Using the soap as a lubricant, he pressed into her bowels.  Reluctantly the tip of his cock slipped through the tight ring of her asshole.  Ben stopped to let Tessa get used to the feeling of a cock shoved up her shit chute.
	Then taking a second breath and holding her by her waist with both hands, Ben steadily shoved his cock into her ass until his stomach was stopped by her ass cheeks.
	Tessa squirmed and jerked her hips around like her life depended on it, helping Ben work his cock deeper and deeper into her chute.
	"Oh, yeah, you gorgeous little bitch!" he growled. "Work those hips, baby! Come on, that's it! Yeah, fuck me with that hot little ass of yours!"
	"Oh, harder, Ben!" she pleaded as she worked on her pussy with her own fingers. "Do it harder! It feels so good!  Shove it in me."
	Her ass stroked Ben's cock like a sucking mouth, giving the shaft a good squeeze with her muscles each time she lifted her hips to meet his driving prick.  A steady moaning came from her softly parted lips while Ben fucked her hard, pounding her hot ass with a series of deep, powerful thrusts. In addition to the slap of his belly against ass, Ben's prick made loud squelching noises in her asshole as he slammed in and out of her frothy rear with all the strength that he could muster. 
	Tessa began to buck her hips back at him in wanton abandon as she was aroused by the huge cock in her ass and the massaging of her fingers on her clit.  She began to twist her hips and ass, keeping perfect time with his deep, pounding thrusts.  Ben felt Tessa's asshole grip him like a fist.  When he pulled out of her, she reared forward with her hips, keeping the tip of his cock tightly gripped within the tender, sucking ring of her anal passage.  Then when he drove into her ass, she slammed her ass backwards to drive his cock up her rectum as far as it would go.
	"Oh, yes, just like that! Oh yes, yes! You're fucking me so good!," moaned Tessa as Ben stepped up the speed of his thrusts. In turn, Tessa pumped her hips up at him like a machine, fucking him right back.
	Then it hit Ben.  He thought his balls were going to explode.  His nuts jumped and his cock swelled, then a gush of cum erupted from his cock and spewed deep in Tessa's bowel.  It was quickly followed by another, and another, as he proceeded to pump another load out of his well worn nuts.
	Tessa now held onto the wall, her own pussy forgotten.  She felt his cum leak into her rectum while she kept up the stroking with her hips.  She wanted Ben to cum for the third time even if she had to offer her ass as a sperm depository.  And she knew that Ben would remember this fuck session as fondly as he did his stint in the service.
	Ben's hips slowly came to a halt, his cock still up her ass.  He stood in the shower letting the water run across his torso as he felt his cock start to thither in Tessa's rectum.  With one final squeeze of his balls, the last drops of cum seeped into Tessa's ass, and he stepped back, letting his cock slip out from between her ass cheeks.
	Turning to him, Tessa reached up and kiss him.  "And what were you worried about, Ben?" she asked as she reached for the cloth.  "Was it something to do with your age?  Didn't think you could put out, did you?  And how old are you?" she asked as she lathered Ben's limp dick and washed it clean.
	"Do you realize that you just fucked me three times as well as made me cum twice?  And you were worried!  Hell, I'll bet your wife walks around with a big smile on her face, you stud, you."
	"Tessa, I don't know how I can thank you.  How great you made me feel."
	"Honey, you weren't the only one that feels great."
	Rinsing themselves off, Tessa reached over and turned off the water.  
	"Now, Ben, you get out of here.  Dry off, put your clothes on and get going.  You have a train to make."
	"How will I ever repay you/" Ben asked.

	A half hour later, Tessa looked around the room to make sure that she had left nothing behind.  Smiling, she turned around and closed the door as she went out into the hallway.
Ben didn't need an answer to his last question.  Thinking of the roll of money that was now tucked into her purse, Tessa smiled.  Yep, she and Tally were right, if you stick with the best, you get rewarded the best.

To be continued . . . .

