The Amber Society
by dazed 

Julie bit her lip nervously as she stared at the four females facing her. Addressing her were Ashley, Vera, Diane, and Megan. They were a committee of the Amber Society in which Julie had just been inducted to. The Amber Society was an organisation of young women who not only excelled academically but were revered as role models for successful women at the strict all-girls school. Those who were inducted were expected to leave the school and make their mark in society in the areas of science, medicine, and even politics.

“We’ve asked you here to discuss a very serious matter,” Ashley remarked in a stern voice, as Vera walked to the door of the room and locked it before returning to her seat.

A lump formed in Julies throat as Ashley held up two copies of a recent term test. Ashley passed one copy to Julie. She could have died on the spot. It was a copy of one of her best friend’s test. The answers on it and Ashley’s test were nearly word for word.

“We have inquired with the owner of this paper and she has admitted that you gave her the answers to the test one evening after school. She is being properly disciplined, and your presence in this room is for the same purpose.

Julie’s face went Ashen. It was true that she had given her friend, Sara, the answers because Sara wanted to make the cheer team and needed an excellent score to bolster her chances. Julie had taken the test the day before and aced it.

Julie began to sob as she nodded her confession.

“You have put the integrity of our society at risk. If word got out that one of our own was caught cheating, all our hard work will be ruined,” Ashley scolded. “Fortunately, this was caught before it became public knowledge. We have two choices, Julie. We can report this to the main office, which will mean your expulsion from the society and most likely your removal from school as well, or we can discipline you in house and bring this shameful matter to a close.”

Through tear-filled eyes Julie faced the four women. “I will do anything to make up for this. Please don’t kick me out,” Julie pleaded.

Ashley looked at the other four and they all nodded. “Vera, please lock the door!” Ashley ordered.

Vera rose from her chair and strolled across the room, locking the door from the inside. The sound of the locking door filled Julie with dread. When Vera returned to her seat Ashley spoke again.

“Rise and face us!” Ashley ordered to Julie.

Julie again swallowed nervously as she rise from her seat.

“You are about to be disciplined for a matter of grave indiscretion. You will accept our discipline without question or hesitation. Any refusal on your part will mean the immediate expulsion from the Amber Society, and the matter transferred to the school for further action. Do you agree to this?”

Julie lowered her head and nodded in agreement.

“First, you are to face us void of any pretence or arrogance, with nothing to hide,” Ashley hissed as she reached Julie a white plastic bag.

“Remove all your clothes, underwear included. Place them in the bag and hand them to us!” Ashley barked.

Julie froze momentarily. “All.. you mean-totally-naked?”

“Yes! Completely naked, “Ashley scolded. “Unless you have something else to hide.”

Fresh tears streamed down Julie’s face as she began the degrading strip. Julie was an attractive girl with short brown hair, C-cup breasts, long legs, and a flawless pear-shaped ass.

She sheepishly handed the bag with all her clothes inside to Ashley, who placed it on a table behind them. All four girls rose and came to stand before the blushing, naked, Julie.

“Turn around, bend over, and place the palms of your hands on the seat of your chair. Then stick your ass out towards us!” Ashley growled.

A fresh wave of humiliation filled Julie as she knew the girls was looking at her bare ass and equally bare pussy gaping out between her trembling legs.

“There were twenty questions on that test, so you will receive five strikes from each of us on your bare ass for a total of twenty,” Ashley huffed as she reached in a drawer and retrieved a thick, wooden paddle.

Julie sniffled and moaned as she tried to mentally prepare for the onslaught that was about to come. Ashley took the lead, patted the wooden paddle in the palm of her hand and sized up Julie’s shapely bottom.

The first blow landed with a stinging thud, making it clear that Ashley had no intention on showing any mercy to Julie. The merciless paddle struck Julie’s ass like the clap of a thunder, causing her to yelp in pain.

“One more thing, “Ashley quipped as she finished her last strike. If you move your hands off that chair, you add five more strikes to your offense.”

Ashley then grinned as she handed the paddle to Vera who took her place behind the sobbing girl. By the time Vera had delivered her five blows, Julie’s ass was bright red, and she was shedding alligator tears as it felt like her bottom was on fire.

Vera then passed the paddle to Diane who grinned sadistically as she gazed at the glowing cheeks before her. Like the two before her, she showed no mercy to Julie’s abused bottom.

Diane handed the paddle to Megan who took her place behind Julie, whose legs were trembling from the fiery pain in her ass.

Megan delivered her blows in a fierce frenzy of harsh strikes that left Julia a sobbing mess, and her ass glowing fire engine red.

“Stand up and face us!” Ashley ordered again.

Julie’s hands were wobbly as she tried to right herself. She slowly turned around facing the girls, her face flushed and wet with tears.

"We have covered punishment, now there is the matter of the embarrassment you would have caused if this had leaked out. Put your hands on your head and don't move them!" Ashley barked.

Julie reluctantly put her hands above her head and locked them together. Ashley and Diane then retrieved a bullet vibrator and some duct tape and taped it to Julie's pussy, ensuring the tip rested near the clit, and turned it on.

“Now for the shame you brought upon the society you must publicly acknowledge it,” Ashley hissed. “Put your hands behind your back.”

As Julie guided both arms behind her, one of the girls grabbed them and a set of metal handcuffs were locked around her wrists. With the hellish vibrator tormenting her pussy, she was helpless to remove it.

Megan then walked over with the bag containing Julie’s clothes and pulled on one of the strings, then guided it around Julies neck until the bag hung down her back.

Forcing Julie to stand naked in the middle of the room, Ashley took a pair of electric hair trimmers and plugged them into an extension cord.

All four girls then gathered around Julie as Ashley began to shave the locks off her head, while Julie wept and begged them not to cut her hair off.

When the last clump of Julie’s hair had fallen to the floor, the girls then hung a sign that rested on her chest. The sign read:

“I have brought shame on the Amber Society; I must now bear that shame for all to see.”

“We have discussed this with the faculty, and they have agreed with the following punishment. From now until 3 p.m. today, you will stand as you are in the main lobby of the school. At 3 p.m. we will bring the keys to the handcuffs and unlock them. You may then remove the bag of clothes on your back and dress, as your punishment will have been concluded.”

No shame could match the shame Julie felt standing butt naked in the lobby, her hair shaved off, a vibrator forcing endless orgasms in front of everyone, and her ass still glowing red. The mocking laughter of the students, the endless photographs, and her naked shame drug on until the bell finally sounded.

As the cuffs fell from Julie’s hands, she pulled the bag from off her back, removed the duct tape and pulled the vibrator from her engorged lips, and quickly dressed, relieved at least to finally be able to cover her naked body.

The walk home was another lesson in humiliation as she had to find a way to tell her mother about her shaven head. She was now certain about one thing.

You don’t fuck with the Amber Society.