Snape couldn’t explain what had come over him. He had just been punished, for God’s sake, with a spanking, like a naughty five-year-old. There really was nothing arousing in that concept, and yet Snape had grown hard under Potter’s slaps. What on earth was wrong with him?

Potter helped him stand up and Snape was further humiliated by the discovery that his legs seemed unable to bear his weight. He nearly fell and Potter pulled him to his lap, until Snape was sitting across his thighs.

A hand stroked his hair, and Snape resisted the urge to lean against it.

“You’ve pleased me greatly tonight, pet. And I think you may set your fears at rest. Believe me when I say you’ve got the makings of a great submissive.”

Snape really shouldn’t have felt a thrill of pride at this compliment, though he supposed it was just as well Potter was happy with him. Finally, Potter released him, and Snape nearly flew to his own room.

Snape remained under the shower until the water turned cold, scrubbing himself almost raw. His anus still felt strange. Snape had never understood how putting things up there could be pleasurable, and yet he had loved what Potter had done to him. Who would have known it could feel so good?

Of course, he had made do with his hand for more than a decade, so maybe it wasn’t surprising that he had taken such pleasure from another’s touch, even if that touch hadn’t been meant to be exciting, at least at first.

Potter hadn’t behaved according to his expectations of Potterian behaviour, acquired over several decades. He hadn’t behaved either as a dark lord in training. But the Dark Lord had been mentally instable from the start, and Potter seemed anything but. Focused, powerful, and very, very sure of himself.

Sleep was long in coming.

Unused to morning light streaming in through the window, Snape awoke rather early. Contrary to habit, he remained in bed for a moment, listening to the birds outside and relishing the fact that he was no longer in Azkaban.

At last, he got out of bed and almost ran to the shower. Although his bed had been pleasantly warm, the room itself had cooled during the night, and the wooden floor was unpleasantly cold under his feet.

After a warm shower, he returned to the bedroom and noticed that the temperature was warm again. The absence of both fireplace and Muggle heater meant it was a spell, most likely timed or tied to his moves. Clever, and rather impressive.

Underwear had unfortunately not appeared in his wardrobe during the night, and Snape scowled at the clothes. Muggle trousers would provide more support, but they looked rather fitted and revealing. No need to tempt Potter more than he already was. Or he could wear robes over trousers, but it would probably be too hot, and cooling charms were not an option, not without a wand.

In the end, Snape went with the robes, as he felt more comfortable in the familiar clothing. The house was still dark as he walked downstairs, though he could hear faint noises in what he supposed to be the kitchen.

As he entered the dining-room, lights went on and a house-elf appeared, curiously clothed. Snape stared at the multiple socks adorning the elf’s legs. It seemed that there weren’t two identical socks.

“Oh! Professor Snape, you is up already! Harry Potter is not down for an half-hour yet. Breakfast is served at seven. Is you wanting a cup of tea to wait?”

Snape nodded, and graciously accepted his cup. It was black tea, almost as dark as coffee, and Snape relished the taste. He was still nursing the cup when Potter appeared, momentarily faltering when he saw Snape.

“Are you usually up that early, Severus? I hadn’t taken you for a morning person.”

“I’m not. But I’m also not used to windows in my bedroom, and the light woke me.” As an afterthought, he added, “Master.”

Potter threw him an amused smile. “No need for so much formality when you’re clothed. Harry will do. Potter, however, will not.”

He nodded. “Harry.”

Snape was confused. Potter wanted someone to attend to his needs, a slave, which Snape supposed he could do. It wasn’t much of a life, but it was better than to be dead, and there were some perquisites, as Potter seemed to believe in reciprocation.

So why was Potter all friendly and egalitarian this morning? All right, maybe egalitarian wasn’t quite the word. Potter had still given him an order, and expected to be obeyed. But this parody of friendliness was disturbing. For one thing, it didn’t hint at shadows of dark-lording, but rather at the relationship Snape had enjoyed with Albus. Even though he knew he was a weapon to the man, and used as such, there had been genuine friendship between them.

Quite apart from that, Potter hated him. He had loathed him from the very start — and it had been reciprocal — and he had no reasons to seek a friendship with his fucktoy, especially when he was a celebrated man with dozens of friends.

Potter was an enigma, and Snape needed to unravel it, as his continued survival depended on Potter’s good will.

As soon as Potter sat down, dishes appeared on the table. Potter helped himself to some eggs and bacon, and Snape eyed the greasy food uneasily, making no move toward it.

“Severus. I insist that you eat in the mornings. You are far too thin and need to put on at least three stone.”

Resignedly, Snape nodded and took a piece of toast.

“Is there something you’d particularly like?”

Snape started to say no, but thought better of it. “Would you have medlar jelly? My Nan. . .”

He stopped, not wanting to share such personal information. Thankfully, Potter didn’t press the matter.

“Dobby!”

The insanely dressed house-elf appeared.

“Procure us some medlar jelly for breakfast as soon as possible, please.”

Snape stared at Potter. One did not ask house-elves. Of course, one didn’t give them clothes either, unless one wanted to fire them, and that particular elf was definitely both clothed and employed.

Snape felt rather queasy after eating one slice of toast and he refused a second. Potter glared at him.

“You realise that if you don’t have a real breakfast, you’ll get a light meal at ten o’clock?”

“I’d prefer that, Potter. I’m—”

A sudden stinging pain on the mouth interrupted him. Potter had slapped him! Snape mentally replayed his last words and his stomach sunk.

“I apologise, Harry. This is the habit of a lifetime, but I intend to, er, reform myself.”

Potter observed him for a few minutes.

“I accept your apologies. See that you do. Now, come with me.”

Snape followed warily, but gave an inward sigh of relief when he realised that they were not headed to the playroom. In fact, they were going underground, and the temperature grew chillier.

They entered a big, bare room. Tiled counters ran along the walls and there was a large, deep sink in a corner. There was nothing else in the room, but it was clear that this was to be a potions lab.

“As pleasant as sex is, we can’t spent our whole days doing nothing else. I thought you’d appreciate having a state-of-the-art potions lab at your disposal.”

“State-of-the-art?”

“Well, once you’ve bought what you need.”

“I don’t have any money, Harry.”

“I do. Make a full list of what you need and don’t worry about the expense. I’ll see to it.”

Snape nodded. Well, in that it seemed his new master wasn’t so different from the old ones; all they valued were his potions skills. Snape loved potions, of course, but he resented the assumption that he lived, breathed, and ate potions.

Well. Whatever mask of friendliness Potter wanted to put upon it, he was a slave now, and he probably should be grateful to be able to practice an activity that he did enjoy.

“Would you have some parchment and quills, Harry?”

“You know, Severus, I like the Wizarding World, I do, but sometimes wizards are stuck in the Middle Ages.”

Snape blinked at this non sequitur, and followed Potter out of the room. They went to yet another room, this time the library, a cosy room with thousands of books lined on the walls. Snape approached a shelf, gasping when he recognised the small scratches on the leather of one of the books. He turned toward Potter.

“When you became my slave, all your possessions also became mine. That includes your books. I had them brought here.”

“Thank you, Harry.” Hesitantly, he added, “The house on Spinner’s End. . .?”

“In Halifax?”

Snape nodded.

“I’ve had an interesting offer from a property developer.”

Snape hoped he had managed to hide his dismay. The house was small, old, and even antiquated, but it was the home of his childhood. Silently, Snape reminded himself that he had no rights anymore.

“We were talking about writing implements, I think.”

Potter smiled. “Of course. Your Muggle upbringing should have made you familiar with those.” He opened a drawer. “Paper and ballpoint pens.”

Paper was quite an acceptable substitute. It was much more manageable than parchment, thinner and lighter, which counted when you had two or three classfuls worth of essays to carry about. Not that he would be marking essays now. The thought gave him a little thrill.

But ballpoint pens. He picked one up between two fingers; it was the cheap, disposable kind. Snape wondered what his chances were of convincing Potter that a fountain pen was a necessary part of any well-stocked lab.

Potter retired to another part of the library, where a large desk stood below the window. He was soon absorbed in reading and taking notes, and Snape turned to the task at hand.

As promised, tea and muffins appeared at his elbow as he was writing. Snape didn’t know how the house-elf had managed, but there was medlar jelly too, and he almost melted at the familiar taste.

The pen proved as awful as he had expected. The ink flowed unevenly, leaving blots at irregular intervals. Snape had put on a fountain pen on his list, finally, on the grounds that it was worth a try.

He jumped at a thud on the other side of the room. Potter pushed away the book he had just closed and stood up.

“Lunch time! I hope you’re hungry.”

Snape wasn’t, not really, not after the tea and muffins only two hours before, but he followed, resigned. He was relieved to see that he was served small portions, and of some of his favourite food, French beans and grilled trout.

“Winky served for a time at Hogwarts. No doubt that’s how she knew what to serve.”

It was really unnerving how Potter would know what he was thinking even when he was Occluding.

“Winky? Wasn’t she Crouch’s house-elf, the alcoholic one?”

Potter nodded. “He clothed her after the Quidditch World Cup in ’94. I bound her to my line when I left Hogwarts. She hasn’t touched butterbeer since. Dobby has remained a free elf, and I pay him every week.”

“You know how to inspire loyalty.”

“Yes, I do.” The words were softly spoken, yet there was something in them that had Snape look up from his plate to meet Potter’s eyes. He shivered.