SUBJECT LINE:
{ASSM} "Fortune Favours the Bold" {Empath} (MF, pett, oral)


Fortune Favours the Bold
By Empath
Copyright, 2001

-------

Disclaimer: This story contains explicit descriptions of 
sexual activity and shouldn't be made accessible to minors.  
I, the author take no responsibility if this restriction is 
not upheld.

Author's note: nothing much to say - this one was simply 
forced on me by my muse.  By the way, do you think this one 
needs a 'rom' tag?  I can't quite make up my mind...

=============

"The Boar and Thistle" - imagine that, a (seemingly) 
genuine English pub in downtown Austin, Texas.  I shook my 
head at the thought of what the proprietor would have 
thought as 'authentic' atmosphere, and pushed open the 
door.

He wasn't that far off: a few nondescript watercolours on 
the walls, some brasses hanging from load-bearing posts, 
stained wood panelling throughout and genuine pint glasses 
complete with the Queen's Surveyor mark.  It was an 
understated decor, and I felt immediately at ease.  Perhaps 
that's why I acted as I did...

But I'm getting ahead of myself.  My name is Nicholas 
Brown, "Information Technology Facilitator".  That's really 
just an expensive-sounding title for a database programmer 
who picked up some knowledge of computer networking along 
the way, and decided to become an independent consultant.  

I'd been working in this fashion for several years when my 
first client, a regional insurance company in the U.S., 
called me up again and asked me if I wanted to help them 
with the computer portion of their expansion into the 
Southwest.  I haggled a little, nearly died when I saw 
their first counter-offer, and was on a transatlantic 
flight before my imagination could finish spending the 
money that I did not yet have.

Joan Glidden, the Regional Director of Information 
Management, quickly became a good friend.  In three quick 
weeks we had mapped out the organisation of the computer 
system, and merely had to select the staff whom could best 
bring our vision to fruition.  Human Resources was not my 
strong point, and we'd reached an impasse one afternoon on 
an interviewee for a sysop position.  

"I think she'd do just fine."

"Joan, I can't agree with you - she was evasive to several 
of my questions.  She seemed like she wasn't paying 
attention in the interview.  I don't know whether she'd 
take the job seriously."

"Her credentials are fine, and I've worked with her before 
- she's diligent enough about her work."  She looked at me 
in a slightly deprecating way.

"I admit that I've never seen her before today, and I can't 
judge her previous experience in the same way, but at the 
very least she blew the interview.  If you think she's 
capable enough maybe we-"

Joan rested her chin on her hand and smiled as she 
interrupted me.  "-Should schedule another interview so she 
can blow the interviewer instead?"

I just stared at my colleague in complete confusion.  
"What?"

"Oh, come on - you've got her phone number, just call her 
up; don't waste my time, too!"

As I said, I'm not adept at handling human communications.  
I just gave Joan another look of bafflement, which piqued 
her curiosity.

"Hold on, you never noticed?  How she was preening herself?  
How she looked at you?  Jesus H - you are a geek aren't 
you!"

"Never stated otherwise, Joan, but what's your point?"

This elicited a laugh.  "God, Nick!  She was hitting on you 
- there were times I felt like getting up and leaving!  You 
mean you never noticed anything?"

"In my defence, I *did* get a strange feeling-"

"I bet!"

"-About her, and NO, not *that*!"  I was starting to drift 
out of embarrassment and into aggravation, not picking up 
on the signals this woman had apparently been sending me.  
Joan's bemused mood didn't help.  "I guess I was more 
interested in gauging her professional capabilities.  More 
so than SOME people, obviously!"

My barb was ignored.  "Ya know?  I thought just American 
men were thick as cinder blocks.  Or - what is it you guys 
say?"

"...As two short planks."  I thought back to the 
interviewee's behaviour, and tried to recall anything that 
I might have construed as romantic overtures.  "You're just 
kidding, right?  She wasn't-"

"She was a heifer in heat and had eyes only for the bull 
sitting across from me!"  Her amusement faded, and she 
frowned slightly when she asked:  "Nick, can I ask a 
personal question?"

I shrugged.  "We've somehow gotten into a very personal 
topic already; go ahead."

Joan stumbled over her words. "Nick, are you?  I mean, do 
you like- Uh...well, does the opposite-"

Seeing her reach my level of discomfort gave me confidence.  
"Joan, I'm straight and active.  You know I'm not married, 
and I'm currently between girlfriends."  Laying my cards on 
the table, I forged on.  "I have had relationships in the 
past, sexual relations in several instances and used to 
think I could pick up on innuendo.  Now I'm not so sure..."

"Ah, must be a cultural thing; don't beat yourself up for 
missing the bite on your hook!"

"You said you worked with this woman before.  Is she 
particularly promiscuous?  Easy?"

"Her?  Not really."

"So why me?"

"It's probably the accent - I have to admit I found you 
rather...appealing when I picked you up at the airport."

"Until you got to know my ugly inner self," I joked.  

She joined in.  "Nah, it was the professional angle.  That 
and the fact that you'll be going a long way away when we 
get done here."

I couldn't resist the dig: "I would have thought that would 
have been a mark FOR me, not against!"

Joan shook with laughter, then checked her watch.  "Nick?  
We're pretty much done for today.  Do wanna go back to your 
hotel-"

"WHAT?"

"-Freshen up, and meet me for a *platonic* drink later?  
Perhaps grab a bite to eat and we'll see if I can get you 
adjusted to 'American signals'?  I'm assuming you don't 
intend to remain celibate for the next month or so you're 
gonna be here!" 

"Actually it's chaste - I really do NOT plan on getting 
married in the near future!  But it sounds like fun; I've 
been spending too much time here and at the hotel.  I could 
use a break to my monotonous routine."

"Great!" She scribbled an address on a scrap of paper and 
handed it to me.  "Grab a taxi and meet me at this bar - I 
think you'll like the place - and I'll make the 
reservations.  Don't worry about a tie, though; the 
restaurant isn't some stuffy, old-world place which tries 
make its customers feel like they're inconveniencing the 
staff!"  

I gave her my best disapproving grin as I took the note.  
"'Stuffy, old-world place'?  I think I've just been 
insulted!"

We shared a laugh, gathered our things and left the 
interview room.

           *           *           *           *

Which brought me to the "Boar and Thistle" just as dusk was 
drawing in on a Tuesday evening.  The bar was fairly well 
populated, with some space at the bar and only two or three 
tables empty.  As I made my way to the barkeep to order 
something, a burst of laughter caused me to look in the 
opposite direction.

A group of young women, still in their 'business casual' 
suits, were seated at a table across the pub.  One had just 
made a joke and the trio was sharing a hearty laugh.  I 
smiled and kept an eye on them while I waited for the 
bartender.  One lass drew my attention.  A dusky beauty, 
probably Hispanic, leaned back from the table and took a 
draw on her beer bottle.  Her friends were by no means 
plain, but something about this woman in particular piqued 
my curiosity.  Her long, straight, raven tresses were kept 
back in a ponytail, and her cream-coloured suit accentuated 
her dark, exotic complexion.  She had a winning smile and 
laughing eyes that made you feel better just looking upon 
them.

"Something for you, sir?" snapped me from my reverie, and I 
turned around to ask the black bartender if he had any 
Guinness on tap.

The man looked at me with a hurt expression.  "Couldn't run 
much of a bar without it!  A full pint?"

"As if there's another way to serve it!"  I pulled some 
notes from my jacket pocket.  "May I pay in coin a little 
closer to its home?"

This caused a chuckle as he slowly pulled me a measure of 
the thick, rich stout.  "As much as I'd like to, the IRS 
would complain if I tried to pay my taxes in pounds!"

I drew out my wallet and handed the man one of your drab, 
green bills.  He made change and cocked his head as he 
handed it to me.  "I can't place your accent..."

"Liverpool.  Yes, I *have* been to the _Cavern_ and no, I 
*don't* know anyone even distantly related to them!"

The barkeep gave me a meek grin.  "As soon as I tell anyone 
where I'm from they invariably ask if I've ever met the 
Beatles, if I've ever seen them play, ad nauseam.  I tell 
you, at times it's enough to make a man wish those 'four 
young mop-tops' were from Manchester!"  

My host gave me a sympathetic smile.  "Well, I hope you 
enjoy our little town."

"First chance I've gotten to see any of it; been working 
too hard."

"Well, a pint of Arthur's finest is a rather good way of 
unwinding."

I murmured an 'aye' as he moved to tend to another customer 
and took a draw on my beverage.  I let the stout ooze down 
and coat my throat like treacle.

More laughter caused me to look back at the ladies' table.  
The gels certainly were enjoying their after-work meeting; 
perhaps sharing their opinions of their co-workers.  I 
chewed my lip as it occurred to me that the woman I had 
interviewed earlier might be doing the very same thing at 
this moment - joking with her friends about 'the stiff 
Limey who wouldn't have noticed a come-on if I had it 
tattooed on my tits!'

Tits...hmmm.  That made me look back at the dark beauty.  
Her suit hid her figure somewhat, but even so she was thick 
across the chest.  As I examined her more closely, I 
realised she was rather plump throughout, her stocky frame 
less noticeable while she was sitting.  Her above-average 
weight didn't detract from her appeal for me, at least.  
The key feature that attracted me was her demeanour; her 
light, happy mood drew my focus to her as surely as a 
lodestone drew a compass needle to it.

I turned to sip from my drink, and when I looked back, my 
lodestone was gone; her companions were talking, heads held 
close together, but the woman's chair was empty.

A thought made me look around quickly: perhaps they'd 
noticed me watching?  Was the focus of my attention asking 
the bartender to do something about an undesired ogler?

My fit of paranoia ended when I saw a cream-suited back 
disappear into the ladies' WC.  I drank some more and 
waited for my 'subject' to complete her ablutions.  When 
she came out, my attentions were rewarded.

The woman moved with a lithe grace that belied her weight.  
Her step had a playful bounce; she looked around her with a 
good-natured smile and her arse - ill hidden by her office 
skirt - made that peculiarly appealing twitch.

I wasn't able to watch her retake her seat, for it was at 
this moment my dinner companion chose to arrive...with a 
companion of her own.

Joan tapped my arm, and gave a short-breathed hello.  I 
looked upon her, dressed in rather formally in a 'little 
black dress', and asked, "I thought the place we're eating 
at isn't that 'stuffy'?  Or are you just trying to make me 
look slovenly?"  Then I followed her glance and took in her 
escort.

He was tall, lean and blonde.  His healthy tan added to his 
handsome, chiselled good looks.  This exemplar of 
appearance offered a hand and a million-dollar smile.

"Nick?  Rick here is a dear, old friend.  He's in town for 
only a couple of days, and I-"

"-Really must make time for him; don't worry about it!"  I 
shook hands with Joan's friend, and introduced myself.  
"Nicholas Brown.  I work with Joan's company as a 
consultant."

"Richard Adams, KPBY News," he replied without a trace of 
Texan drawl; I was beginning to think very few men in 
Austin right now were actually FROM Austin.  "I'm doing a 
story on the murder trial here of a man from my town.  As 
Joan said, I'm only here for a short while.  Sorry for 
taking her away from you."

"Not at all!  My contract will probably last out the year, 
so I've got plenty of time to get a meal out of her."

Joan discreetly mouthed a 'thank you' while her date asked 
me if I cared to share a drink before they left.  I agreed, 
and as he ordered drinks, Joan and I made for the nearest 
empty table.

"So there but for the grace of the alphabet go I?" I asked 
as I took a seat facing the women that I'd watched earlier.

"Say again?"

"I've noticed that your date's name differs from mine in 
only one position, and they're only, uh...four letters 
apart!"

"Nick - we know each other well enough - you know I don't 
mix work and pleasure-"

I grinned smugly.  "Oh dear, you seem to have mistaken my 
jest as earnest comments.  Could *I*, a simple male, have 
been TOO SUBTLE for the woman here before me to understand 
my intentions?"

As always, Joan refused to take offence.  After a short 
laugh, she looked at me with a bit of concern.  "Seriously, 
Nick.  This isn't gonna put you out?"

"Don't concern yourself, dear friend.  I may have some 
contingencies in play," I replied, leaning slightly to look 
past her to my Hispanic 'subject.'

This elicited a raised eyebrow, and I responded to the 
unasked question with "I guess the best teacher is 
experience; you go have fun - I'll see if I can pass the 
entrance exam!"

Joan was prevented from commenting by Rick's arrival.  "So, 
Nick - what part of England are you from?"

I rolled my eyes and told him, bracing myself for the 
obligatory question.

"Ah, Liverpool.  I was there a few years back doing a 
retrospective on...but I suppose you're sick of people 
talking about them.  How's Liverpool doing in the Premier 
League this year?"

I was nonplussed - the man had avoided the one topic about 
my hometown that I disliked.  He must have been quite an 
interviewer to pick up on my body language.  "Uh, I managed 
to catch their game with Newcastle last week; they lagged 
for the first half and managed to pull a tie out of it at 
full time."

Rick snorted.  "Newcastle!  I know they're an exceptional 
team, but I can't shake the feeling that they're cheating, 
going around in a strip that makes me confuse them for 
officials!"

Joan and I chuckled at this.  We entered into a short 
discussion of the differences between American and European 
team sports.  As I spoke with him, I began to see why Joan 
had bumped our arrangements at the last minute; Rick was 
intelligent, charming, and quite handsome to boot.  I felt 
a little envious of him, to be honest.

Before long, Joan looked at her watch.  "It's getting late, 
we'd better get going if we want to keep our reservation."  
Rick decided to go hail a cab, allowing me a quick word 
with my friend.  

"Sorry again; he called just after I got home, and it's 
been a long time since I've seen him."

"No apology necessary!  I can see why you keep in touch 
with him; if my proclivities differed somewhat, I'd be 
competing with you for him."

Joan shook her head.  "I never thought I'd be glad my co-
worker was a straight guy!  Thanks, and have fun!"

"I'll let you know tomorrow how things turn out.  Enjoy 
yourself - and him!"

Joan waved goodbye as she pulled on her coat, and I 
returned my attention to the ladies.  They were munching on 
some pub food.  I shuddered, and hoped this place wasn't 
authentic in its cuisine.  

Finishing my Guinness, I wandered back to the bar.  After a 
minute, my tavern keeper was pouring me another.  I asked 
for a basket of wings, and was served the food before the 
man could finish pulling my pint.  I stayed at the bar, and 
when the gentleman was free, I looked in the direction of 
my interest, and asked "Those ladies over there; do they 
come here much?"

His ebon face became guarded, and I could see the wheels in 
his head spinning away, trying to decide whether to divulge 
information about his regulars to a relative stranger.  
Reaching a decision, he admitted "Often enough.  They come 
in about once a week, have some wings and things.  Then I 
think they go to a movie or something."

"Ah, the cinema.  It's just that my dinner plans fell 
through, and I was considering asking if I may join them."

Polishing a glass (why do bartenders always do that?), my 
confidant cocked his head and asked in a creditable upper-
crust accent "I say, m'lud; would that be entirely proper?"

I smirked at his query.  "I know it would be unforgivable 
to press myself upon them without a proper introduction, 
but 'when in Rome...'"

My comments and demeanour must've impressed the barkeep; he 
wished me luck, but reminded me acceptance would be up to 
the ladies.

I took a large gulp of my pint, screwed up my courage 
(sorry), and threaded my way to their table, timing my 
arrival to be just when their laughter eased.  The women 
noticed my intrusion, and looked expectantly at me.

"Ah, I apologise if I intrude, but I'm in town on business, 
and my friends have made last-minute changes in their 
plans, leaving me in the lurch.  I hesitate to ask, but 
could you fair ladies permit me to sit with you?"

Some of Rick's charm must have rubbed off on me; I'd never 
been this forward, but - from the looks on their faces as 
they considered my request - my first attempt could be 
attributed to beginner's luck.  Each nodded, and the woman 
I'd taken an interest in pulled her coat from the vacant 
chair.

I placed my food and drink at the table, and explained 
myself.  "I've been busy with my work for the last few 
weeks and haven't had the chance to acquaint myself with 
your fair city; my co-worker was going to show me the 
sites, but as I said, those plans fell through."  Something 
occurred to me, and I added "Oh!  I'm Nicholas," proffering 
my hand.

I shook with each lass in turn, learning their names were 
Christy, Liz and Maria.  The last - my 'subject' - stated 
"You're not American."

"English," I agreed.  "From Liverpool, and sorry I've never 
met them."  I quickly continued, seeing the girls' eyes 
light up.  

Maria, to my right, guessed "You get asked that a lot, I 
suppose," with a sly smirk.

"All too often, I'm afraid.  I enjoy their music a great 
deal, but Liverpool had more than a half-million souls in 
residence when I was born, and many of them had the 
impudence to not be named McCartney, Lennon, Harrison or 
Starr!  What an affront!" I added with a fake expression of 
offence.  My remark did its trick, and the ladies broke 
into laughter.

Pressing my advantage, I asked "So what would you recommend 
a foreigner take in to get a feel for Austin?"

The three posed a few obvious ideas - the State Capitol, 
some of the ornate buildings at U of T, the Tom Miller Dam 
and Austin Lake outside of town.  Liz chewed her lip for a 
second, looked at her companions.  "Actually, we were going 
to see a movie this evening."  Her eyes asked her friends 
if her unstated offer was wise.

I waited for them to reach a consensus.  It was not long in 
coming.  Maria looked me over, and said, "Yes.  Since 
you're free, would you like to join us?  We were thinking 
on seeing 'Hannibal'."

I contrived to look surprised, and replied "What?  Three 
fair maidens such as yourselves attending a film like that 
without protection?  I feel obligated to offer myself as 
chaperon, if from nothing else than Sir Anthony's 
exceedingly unsettling performance!"

Christy looked disappointed.  "Oh, have you seen it 
already?"

"Oh no - but I've heard enough rumour about it and seen its 
predecessor to come to a conclusion.  Indeed I must insist 
I accompany you, a guardian against the shadows of our 
imaginations which will no doubt prey upon us when we leave 
the theatre!"  My affected comportment caused my hostesses 
to smile and they agreed to accept me.

           *           *           *           *

The movie was pretty good, not quite up to its hype, but 
then no film has matched the promises made by its marketing 
in YEARS, I'm sure you'll agree.  The ladies and I bundled 
ourselves into a cab, and we began to drop people off.  

First I walked Liz to the door of her apartment building, 
and was heartily thanked for my protection.  I jokingly 
offered my phone number in case she had nightmares this 
night, and was rewarded with a warm smile and peal of 
laughter.

Next on the route was Christy's home - she lived in a 
suburban house with several roommates.  It may have seemed 
to be a circuitous path, but my hostesses had agreed upon 
it when I told them the location of my hotel; apparently 
Maria's place was not far from there, and things would be 
simplest this way.  I wasn't complaining, for it left me in 
the taxi with Maria as long a possible.

We talked of the differences between Julianne Moore as 
opposed to Jodie Foster, and before I knew it, the cabby 
was coming to a stop.  I checked on the amount of the fare 
by this point, and looked back to my companion to find her 
staring at me as if she was gauging me.  She quickly 
recovered and asked if I would be interested in coming up 
with her for some coffee. 

I dithered for maybe two or three seconds before accepting 
Maria's offer.  I paid the man the money Liz and Christy 
had given us and enough cash from my own pocket to cover 
the deficit and give him a healthy tip.  He gave us a big 
smile, and wished us a good night.

Maria's apartment was probably a fraction smaller than my 
hotel room, but even so I felt more at ease here.  The 
living room had a warm, comfortable feeling as I took a 
seat on the couch.  After a couple minutes of raised-voiced 
conversation, my hostess came out with the coffee.  She sat 
next to me and we continued to talk about movies.

After probably more than an hour of interesting debate and 
discussion, Maria suddenly made the statement: "I actually 
enjoyed Julianne Moore's performance, even though I don't 
like her much."

This was a little startling, because we had drifted to 
talking about modern martial-arts movies.  I thought for a 
second, recalling her part in "Hannibal", I agreed with 
Maria.

"Yes, but what do you think of her work?" she asked.  I had 
to stop and think scouring my memory for another movie she 
was in, and when I had thought of several, I made an 
evaluation.  "Well, I would hazard to say she's a competent 
actress, but I agree with you - something about her...just 
leaves me...unsatisfied?  I can't put my finger on it.  
Just some indefinable quality that disappoints me, in a 
way."

She looked relieved.  "So it's not just me!  I can't 
describe it either - I just don't like her!  Take her 
performance in _Boogie_Nights_ - I didn't believe that her 
character was as loving as it was supposed to be.  I 
couldn't even believe her kisses."

I struggled to recall whether Ms. Moore had actually kissed 
anyone in that movie, and was interrupted when my companion 
said "Now this - this is a kiss," and demonstrated her 
version of affection.

It was a surprise, but not an unpleasant one.  I rallied 
magnificently, and kissed back with as much enthusiasm as 
Maria gave me.  It went on for some time, and though no 
tongue was involved, I didn't complain.

When oxygen starvation broke us apart, I looked at her with 
the question of what she intended on my mind.  And on my 
face as well, apparently, for she nodded imperceptibly and 
began unbutton her blouse.

Her bra was a pale green, and it offset her dark skin 
beautifully.  I leaned forward to kiss her cleavage, and 
she hugged me close.  I left an array of kisses all over 
her breasts, pausing to suckle at the nipple through the 
lacy material of the bra.  Maria squirmed beneath me and 
began to unbutton my shirt.  I switched breasts, shifting 
the two of us just a little too much; we tumbled off the 
couch.

I ended up on my back, with Maria making a four-point 
landing over me.  It took a moment to find that only our 
collective pride had been injured, and she took this 
opportunity to move us to the bedroom.  She led me there by 
my belt buckle.

Once safely situated on her bed, we took the opportunity to 
divest both of us of our clothes; Maria looked as good 
naked as I'd imagined.  She noticed my attentions, and 
posed on her side for a moment.  My eyes took in her 
shapely legs, lightly furred mound, firm abdomen, full 
breasts, and then lingered on her beautiful, warm face.  

While I was so distracted, she reached over to grasp my 
cock.  I sighed as she stroked me, and flinched when I felt 
her mouth engulf me.  I enjoyed the sensations, then 
steeled my nerve to repay my lover for her philanthropy.

I rolled towards her, dick still being sucked, lifted her 
leg and examined her pussy.  It was warm to the touch, the 
outer lips swollen and spread.  I ran a finger over her 
labia, then dipped it within to test her depths.  I met 
moisture, and made Maria moan around my manhood.

I began to slide my fingers in and out of her cunt, 
provoking the woman before me.  When I brought my lips to 
her mound, Maria stopped me, released my cock, and said 
"No, I want to cum with you in me."  Being ever the 
gentleman, I acquiesced. 

We shuffled around, Maria lying on her back and me kneeling 
between her legs.  She pulled me to her, and kissed my 
neck, nibbling lightly.  I rubbed my cock against her 
wetness, slicking myself.  Placing my head at her opening, 
I placed my hands on her shoulders, pinned her to the bed, 
mauled her mouth with mine, and entered her.

The woman's moan made my sinuses tickle.  She was hot, wet 
and clenchingly tight.  The going was slow, but well worth 
taking our time.  After some subtle movements and several 
changes of government, I filled her, my balls resting 
against her ass, her prominent clit pressing into my bush.

I withdrew slowly, enjoying the resistance of her snug box.  
Shifting, I put one arm alongside her body, and slipped the 
other between us to wet its fingers and play at her apex.  
Maria groaned and moved her hips to meet mine when I came 
down on her again.

We started to fuck each other, slowly at first, but 
steadily building and keeping our rhythm throughout.  Her 
clit helped me quickly push her over the top, and it was a 
Herculean effort to resist the milking of her climaxing 
cunt.  I eased my efforts as she came down, but before I 
knew it, her hands were teasing my nipples, her legs behind 
my back pulling me into her.  "Fuck me, Nick - I like it 
hard and fast."

That was all the urging I needed.  I planted both hands 
underneath her shoulders, shifted my knees to spread her 
legs more, and began to plow her furrow mercilessly.  Our 
eyes locked, and I watched the fires blazing in hers. 

She came twice more, the second time just after I had let 
loose and filled her with my cum.  I dropped onto her 
weakly, and could feel her tension - how close she was to 
cumming. I slid to her side, and bent down.  My lips 
brushed her belly, causing her to flinch at their touch, 
and when my fingers reached the top of her legs, she 
peaked.  My pride satisfied I collapsed next to her, one 
sweaty body alongside another.

I was roused by Maria attempting to stand.  She wasn't 
having much success and looked back to me.  "I'd like to go 
to the bathroom, but someone fucked the strength out of 
me," she said with a smile.

"I can't let a woman as lovely as this sit in discomfort," 
I replied tiredly.  After a few attempts, I sat up 
alongside her, and we leaned on each other as we made our 
way to the toilet.  I sat on the edge of the tub while she 
went first.

Completing this task seemed to have energised her some; she 
helped me onto the loo, and hugged me before taking my 
place on the bathtub's lip.  We made our way back to bed 
with more independent success, and crawled under the covers 
together.  Maria's cheek fitted perfectly in the hollow of 
my collar.  I gave her a light peck on the forehead and 
drifted off to sleep.

           *           *           *           *

I awoke, and spent several seconds of panic when I didn't 
recognise my surroundings.  After the previous night's 
events came back to me, I looked upon the dusky beauty 
sleeping beside me.  Maria stretched, and looked at me with 
a happy, satisfied smile.  "Good morning, sir."

"Good morning, milady," I replied and leaned down to give 
her a kiss.  I stroked her bare shoulder, and we cuddled 
under the covers without doing much.  

Maria got the first shower; I was a little slow getting up, 
and I've mentioned my chivalry before, anyway.  Even so, 
there was plenty of hot water left when I finished my 
morning ablutions.

I returned to the bedroom to find it empty.  Hearing noises 
in the kitchen, I called out to Maria.  "You get back in 
bed, Nick - I've got a surprise for you soon!"  I complied, 
slightly curious.

Then Maria came in with a tray.  On it were two plates, 
each with- "Egg, soss, and a fried slice!  Authentic 
English cuisine!"  She looked delightful in a white 
bathrobe, her face shining with good cheer, and I was hard-
pressed to speak in response to her wonderful gesture.

I struggled to pull my jaw back into my head when she 
explained: "My folks gave me a trip to Europe when I 
graduated from college; I spent more time in the U.K. than 
anywhere else.  I'll admit that most of your ideas on 
cooking are unexciting, but you have the right idea about 
breakfast!"

As we ate, we talked about Maria's experiences in Britain, 
what she'd seen, where she'd gone, and what she'd done.  It 
was cheering to meet someone who liked my homeland as much 
as I did.  Well, admittedly I'd even gotten to *know* Maria 
in the biblical sense already, but it was an enjoyable 
breakfast.

When she had taken our empty plates away, I began to dress.  
Maria returned, smiled at me, and began to pick out her 
clothes for a workaday Wednesday.  I took a moment to reach 
into my jacket and got a business card.  "This has my 
email, cell phone, and I'm writing the hotel, their phone 
and my room number.  I'd like to see you again, Maria."

She didn't take the card.  "Nick?  I don't know how to say 
this, but-"

"This was just a fling for you?"

Maria looked torn.  "At first, it was.  But we've talked, 
and I really like you, Nick.  It's just that you're only 
here on business; you'll be going back to England when 
you're done."

I paused before replying.  "Yes, I live and work in 
England; most of my clients are there.  But this contract I 
have now, do you know how long it lasts?"

"A couple of months, at most?" 

"No.  I'm going to be in Austin for the rest of the year, 
probably.  My client is expanding all over the Southwest, 
but this'll be their regional headquarters and it's where 
I'll do my work - I don't have to BE out at the various 
places where they're opening offices."

"All year?"  I nodded.  "So..."

"We'd have enough time to really get to know one another.  
Whether either of us snores bad enough to disturb the 
other, if your way of folding clothes will piss me off, or 
the way I eat soup will drive you nuts; plenty of time for 
other things to go wrong.  Do you want to try and find 
out?"

She smiled, took my card, and kissed me.  "Thank you.  How 
about I call you tomorrow about doing something on the 
weekend?  Showing you the town?"

"It's a date."  I kissed her in return.

"Well, we'd better get going - I'm a little late for work, 
but you've still got to go to your hotel and change!"

           *           *           *           *

It was past ten o'clock when I got to work.  Joan was 
already in her office, though she looked to be in worse 
shape than I was.

"HIYA, JOAN!" I yelled when I stepped in and sat opposite 
her.  She cringed, and looked me in the eye.  "You're a 
mean bastard, Nick."  A smile kept me from thinking I'd 
offended my co-worker.

"Good night with Rick, m'dear?"

"The best."

"Looks like you didn't get much sleep."

Joan merely grinned.

"You know, you should try my plans: an overture that night, 
a good night's sleep, a reprise in the morning, followed by 
ablutions and a healthy breakfast.  Then you're ready for a 
nearly full day of work."

She looked at me with a hint of surprise.  "You mean?"

I tried not to look too smug.  "I passed with honours."

"Again in the morning?"

"Well, not this time, but we've got weekend plans in the 
works."

"Well bravo to the Brit.  Looks like you don't need my 
help."

"Never said I did, darling - I just had to get off my arse 
and try.  Tell you what; if Rick's in town again, and she 
and I haven't broken it off with me, we can always double 
and go try this comfortably casual restaurant you were 
talking about."

She smiled warmly at me, and we started our workday.


Fin

=============

Author's postscript: THERE, done!  I'll have you know I've 
been suffering from writer's block for over a week.  I had 
this story outlined right to the end but I just couldn't 
'flesh it out'.  Consider yourselves lucky! :D
