The Nude Pioneer
by AvoidingRealWork

The Nude Pioneer Ch. 04

Julie and friends visit a nude beach.

"What are we going to do with you? I mean, seriously, what are we going to do with you?!" said my mom.

I sat on the living room couch, facing my dad, who was sitting in a chair with his head in his hands. Mom was pacing back and forth between us.

Dad lifted his head up. "There's nothing we CAN do. She's an adult, she can make her own choices. She made the wrong one, but she has to be free to find her own way."

"Then we can be free not to keep her under our roof!" Mom shouted.

Dad sighed. "Donna, you don't mean that." He turned to me. "We don't think you're a bad person, Julie, but we're trying to understand why you'd do something so brash, so dangerous, so... offensive."

They wanted me to apologize. I knew that's what they wanted. Yet for some reason I just couldn't, because I didn't feel like I had wronged anyone. I was trying to build up the courage to say what I really felt. Instead, I just kept silent.

"How could you just disrobe in front of all those students?" Mom asked. "And parents? And the principal? What were you thinking? And you just went OUT like that?!"

"Just to the car," I said. It was the first thing I had said since my parents sat me on the couch. "Then we drove over to Sarah's and I got dressed there."

"What were you thinking?!" Mom repeated. "ANYthing could have happened to you out there! The car could have broken down. You could have been arrested. You could have been RAPED!"

"Why am I more likely to be raped just because I'm nude?" I responded.

"Julie, honey, you're still very young, and there are some things you don't quite understand about the world, and about men," Dad told me.

I shot daggers at him with my eyes. "DON'T patronize me, Dad. And furthermore, you CAN'T get arrested, because nudity is LEGAL." That wasn't one hundred percent accurate. Nudity was legal, of course, but the police could still arrest and humiliate you, forcing you to defend your rights in front of a judge.

"She does have a point there, Donna," Dad conceded.

"Darren!" Mom shouted back. "This is not NORMAL behavior. Why does our daughter feel the need to offend people?" She turned to me. "And now I hear from Shannon Smith's mother that you organized some kind of... orgy at the lock-in last weekend??"

"It wasn't an orgy," I said quietly. "We just went skinny dipping." I left out the part about Tony getting a blowjob from my fellow co-valedictorian, and then getting seduced and screwed by Sarah's friend Tiffany, right in front of the other girls.

"Ok," Mom said, "I can maybe understand that. I understand the need to go a little wild and crazy, but... Well, there's that, and there's your exposing yourself in front of your classmates, and I happen to know for a fact that you hang out stark naked around the house when you think we're asleep."

"She DOES?" Dad reacted, surprised.

"Oh yes, including when her friends are here. I've snuck downstairs and seen her. THEY all keep their clothes on, but Julie lounges around naked like some... pervert."

"I'm NOT a pervert!" I shouted. "And WHY are you SPYING on me?!"

"I had my suspicions. A mother can sense what's going on with her daughter," she said, matter-of-factly.

"Donna, honey, 'pervert' is a very strong word," Dad said. "She's young. She's trying new things. Expressing herself. It's a phase; she'll grow out of it."

"It's not a PHASE!" I shouted. "I'm eighteen years old, not some f... some little girl still growing up!"

"Phase or not, I still want to understand why you need to do these offensive things," Mom said.

That finally pushed me over the edge. "My body is NOT offensive!" I shouted, standing up. Without even thinking about it, I crossed my arms in front of me, and in one swift motion, lifted my t-shirt and sports bra over my head. I tossed them aside, then pushed my shorts and underwear down, stepped out of them, and tossed them on top of my other clothes. I stood before my parents stark naked, probably for the first time in ten years. "There!" I said. "Is THIS offensive?"

"Oh my God," Mom said quietly, shielding her eyes and turning her head away.

Dad also averted his eyes. "Julie, was that really necessary?"

"Yes. Yes it is. I need to show you that there's nothing offensive or disgusting about my body."

"Actually, it really is quite stunning," Dad mumbled.

"Darren!" Mom shouted.

"Well, a father can be proud, can't he?" Dad asked.

"You're NOT helping," Mom said. "Both of you... you just... ARRRRGH!" She stormed off up the stairs.

I stood there, standing straight and tall and proud, unrepentant in my nakedness.

"That's my daughter: outrageous and lacking in the smallest amount of tact," Dad said, now a little less timid about looking at me. "Reminds me of another woman I know, when she was about your age."

My anger abated a little, and I smiled. Dad referred to me as a "woman," which I appreciated, and I knew Mom had a stubborn streak to match my own.

Dad sighed. "We can't ground you, since you're an adult. And you haven't technically done anything illegal... or anything that I'd even say is morally wrong. BUT..."

"But?" I asked.

"But, there is something you need to handle. Being an adult means taking care of problems on your own and not expecting your parents to fix them."

I groaned. "What?"

"Because of your little 'show' after graduation, Principal Harris is withholding your diploma. Your admission to UW is contingent on you having graduated high school. You need to fix it. You made the choice to do what you did, so it's up to you handle the consequences. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Dad," I said quietly. I suddenly felt very exposed, naked in the living room, with the realization of my situation sinking in.

The phone conversation with the principal did not go well. He demanded eight hours of detention to be served every single day for the next two months. Not only would that kill both of my summer jobs, but also my trip to Lake Winnetonga I had planned with Sarah. He claimed he was "letting me off easy." I got pissed off with him, told him to do something anatomically impossible, and slammed the phone.

"Fuck," I said.

I needed that diploma. There had to be some sort of legal recourse. I wanted to become a lawyer, after all. Was I entitled to a diploma after completing school? I wasn't sure. There was no way I could afford to hire a lawyer, anyway. I curled up on my bed in despair.

After a few minutes I decided to pull myself together, thinking a walk over to Lana's might clear my head. Oddly enough, I was still totally nude at this point. I went downstairs to get my clothes and saw that my wallet had flown off several feet from my shorts. I picked it up, and noticed the business card from Edmund Bryant, Chancellor of the University of Wisconsin. Maybe there was another way to fix this.

Heading back upstairs, I could hear both my parents in their bedroom, arguing. I couldn't tell what they were saying, but I knew it was about me. I closed myself in my room and called the number on the card.

"This is Ed, how can I help you?"

"Um, hi, Mr. Chancellor, sir, this is Julie Johnson. I don't know if you remember, but we met one night back in May..."

"Young Godiva!" he exclaimed. "It would be difficult to forget you, what with your very fashionable attire that evening."

I blushed. Gaining my composure, I told him about how I had worn nothing under my gown at graduation, how I ended up naked in front of the principal when I had to turn it in, and how I was being denied my diploma.

"Do you think what you did was foolish?" he asked in his posh English accent.

"Well, I... um..." I didn't really know how to answer.

"Think hard, and tell me honestly: do you think what you did was foolish?"

I took a deep breath. "No," I said, immediately regretting it. I assumed he wanted me to see the error of my ways, but when I was honest with myself, I realized I'd do it all over again. "I don't think it was foolish."

The chancellor chuckled lightly. "Ms. Johnson, I just finished my annual vision statement for the university. Oh, it's mostly bullshit to be sure, but it does keep the Board of Regents happy. However, there is one part of my vision that I'm dead serious about: I envision this university as a place that teaches young people to become agents of change in the world. I can see that you are already doing your bit."

I didn't know what to say. I simply kept silent.

"With a stroke of a pen and my signature, I can waive any admissions contingency for any student. Consider this matter attended to, Ms. Johnson, and on behalf of the University, welcome!"

"I... I... thank you, Mr. Chancellor!"

"Ed. Please," the Chancellor responded. "I wish you well, Young Godiva. And please, keep my card handy. From what I know of you already, you're going to require friends in high places from time to time."

We ended our phone conversation, leaving me practically giddy. I ran down the hallway to tell my parents, completely forgetting I was still naked. My milky white breasts bounced in front of me and my long auburn hair trailed after me as I ran. I knocked on their door, and Mom answered.

"Julie!" she exclaimed, shielding her eyes. "PLEASE, can you..."

"Donna," Dad interrupted from within the room. "Remember, we just agreed."

It turned out that my parents decided that I could be nude in the house, but had to get dressed whenever they had guests over. I also couldn't be nude in front of my little brother and sister. I thought that was incredibly stupid, but I agreed to respect their wishes.

I told them about my conversation with the chancellor (at least, the part where he said he'd let me in without technically graduating high school), and they were overjoyed. Dad told me he was very proud of me for how I had handled things.

After work a few days later, I was hanging out in our living room with Sarah, Lana, and Crystal. Since my brother Jim was at baseball practice, and my sister Janette was doing soccer, I was free to be nude.

"Middle of the afternoon, and you're naked?" Lana asked. "Isn't that tempting fate? What about your parents?"

I told them about our agreement, getting shocked looks from all three women.

"Hey, what happened with your trip to Alabama?" I asked Lana. "I remember you said it was horrible."

"Yeah, that," Lana replied. She looked at Crystal, not entirely comfortable with her there. Sarah, Lana, and I had been a tight-knit trio since kindergarten, but Crystal was, until recently, only a friend of Sarah's.

"Well," she continued, "I went down to Mobile to see my mom and stepdad. My parents broke up like ten years ago, and my mom went off with this other guy, who became my stepdad a year later. Anyway..." Lana looked at me nervously.

"What is it?" I asked. I was lounging on the couch, my legs dangling over one of the arms and my head in the middle. I was very comfortable, and had completely forgotten my nudity.

"Please don't take this the wrong way," Lana said. "I don't mean this as anything against you. It's just... we're talking about my own mom here, and this other man I don't even know all that well." She paused, and her face flushed red. "It turns out... they're nudists."

My ears immediately perked up, and I swung my legs around and sat on the edge of the couch. "Really?" I asked.

"They told me that now that I was eighteen, and they didn't have to worry about custody issues, they could tell me," Lana said. "They were both in bathrobes, and they just dropped them to the floor in front of me! And I saw my mom, all saggy and old, and my stepdad, all hairy!"

"You poor thing," Crystal said.

I made an annoyed huff. "Why is that so bad? You don't mind ME being naked, do you?"

"That's different," Lana said, waiving a dismissing hand at me. "You're... well, you. And we already know you're not normal, and there's no big shock in seeing you. But we're talking about my MOM here. And it's more than just knowing they're nudists, and more than just seeing them naked... they wanted me to go with them to their 'naturist club.' As if I, of all people, wanted to go to some sex club. It's sick."

"Who said it was a sex club?" I asked.

"Well, why else would everyone get all naked in front of each other?" she replied.

I gestured to myself with both hands. "Hello?!"

"Yeah, but we already established you're not normal," said Sarah.

I stuck my tongue out at Sarah. "I take it you didn't go," I said to Lana.

"Well, duh," she said. "Anyway, enough of that. I'm glad I got that off my chest. What's up this weekend?"

Sarah, Crystal, and I looked at one another. "I don't know how to say this, Lana, but we're going to Lake Winnetonga," Sarah told her.

"Were you going to go without me?" Lana asked.

"No, we were going to invite you," Sarah said, "but from what you just told us, I'm guessing you're not going to want to go."

"Why not?"

"We're going to a very specific part of Lake Winnetonga State Park," I explained.

"What part is that?" asked Lana.

"The naked part," Crystal said.

"Clothing optional," I corrected.

"There's a... a clothing optional part of Lake Winnetonga?" Lana asked, looking more confused than shocked.

"Technically the whole country is clothing optional, but this was a stretch of beach that naturists started using, and it just became customary to be nude there," I said. I had taken the time to read some web sites about the place, learning its history.

Sarah explained about the skinny dipping at the lock-in, and how I had agreed to spend all day naked at the clothing optional beach if she went skinny dipping with me.

"Wait," said Crystal to Sarah, "You told me it was YOUR idea to go naked that night."

"Would you have gone if I had told you it was J.J.'s idea?" (J.J. is what my close friends called me.)

Crystal shook her head no. In the past week or so, I had gotten to know Sarah's friends a lot better, especially Crystal. I used to think she was snotty and bitchy, and she thought I was stuck-up, aloof, and weird. Well, I AM weird, but I hope I don't come off as suck-up and aloof.

"You can come with us if you want," I said to Lana. "I could use all the moral support I can get."

"I don't have to get naked, do I?" she asked.

"No, Julie here is going to be the only one naked, I can guarantee you that!" said Crystal. Crystal, to my great surprise, told us she wanted to come along when we told her of our plans.

Lana sighed. "I'll think about it. I want to be there for J.J., help her through a new experience, but I don't know. I'm still wigged out about my mom."

Later that evening, after my friends had left, I gave Kai a call. We had been chatting back and forth ever since skinny dipping together up in Madison. He was the first man I ever saw naked, which is sad, since I was already eighteen years old at the time.

"So, do you think you can make it?" I asked him.

"I think I might be able to, but lemme tell ya, the idea still scares me, just a bit." He had a beautiful baritone speaking voice.

"You don't have to get naked," I said.

"Yeah, but you'll be. It seems only fair."

"Don't worry about that. As I've told you, I've started getting used to being naked around people, at least a bit. I'm naked right now, in fact."

"Julie, you're one of a kind," Kai said. My heart skipped a bit at his affectionate comment.

"How would you get down from Madison?" I asked.

"My folks gave me their beat-up old Dodge Watt," Kai explained. "Two hundred fifty kilometers on a single charge."

"Weren't those things recalled?"

"The batteries kinda sorta explode on side impact, but as long as you don't crash, they're perfectly safe," Kai joked.

Saturday couldn't come soon enough. I literally jumped out of bed and ran to the shower. Then I got dressed, filled a duffel bag with a towel, sunblock, water, and snacks, and waited for Sarah to pick me up.

Dad got up to see me off, coming downstairs in his bathrobe. Mom usually slept in late on Saturday.

"Where are you going with your friends, again?" Dad asked.

"Lake Winnetonga," I told him.

"Lake Winnetonga," my dad echoed. "Ah." He paused for a moment. "I assume you're going to the nude part, then?"

My dad was an extremely handsome man, very youthful for fifty-six. His thick, full hair was an iron gray, fading into white at his temples, but his skin was smooth and youthful with just a few character lines. He hadn't developed the "middle-aged spread" that afflicted other men his age. Part of that was good genetics (Grandpa was in his eighties and still played racquetball), and part of that was Mom and Dad both went to the gym religiously. Mom was fifty years old but still turned the heads of young men. I think waiting until later in life to have children helped keep them young.

I nodded yes.

"Is it just you and Sarah?"

I told him that Crystal was coming along, and maybe Lana as well. I didn't mention that Kai might also be there. In fact, I can't remember if Dad even knew about Kai at this point.

"That's good. The more friends with you, the better. I want you to be safe, you know."

"I know," I said.

Sarah honked her horn outside, so I kissed him goodbye on the cheek and headed out the door. I saw that both Crystal and Lana were in the back seat, and had saved shotgun for me.

"Lana, you decided to come! Cool!" I said.

"I figure if I don't like it on the nude beach, I could go for a hike around some of the non-nude areas," she said.

The lake itself was really a widening in a river. It was about five kilometers across at its widest and some twenty kilometers long. The state park was along one side of the lake, a ten kilometer stretch of shoreline. Tall bluffs (well, tall by Midwestern standards) lined the shore, and the park offered a lot of trails that wound up and down the terrain.

We drove into the park and followed the signs to the beach. None of the official markers said anything about the area being clothing optional, but when we got to the beach entrance, we saw the following sheet posted to a bulletin board:

NUDE SUNBATHERS So that everyone may enjoy the park, please respect the following guidelines: 1. The established area for nude recreation is within one kilometer of this entrance. If you leave this area, please cover up out of respect for non-nude park users. 2. Please do not sit on any park benches or public equipment nude without a towel. 3. Please keep music volume to a reasonable level. 4. Please do not swim alone. There is NO LIFEGUARD ON DUTY. 5. Please pick up all empty containers and trash before you leave. GLASS BOTTLES ARE PROHIBITED! 6. Please respect the privacy of other beach users. 7. SEXUAL ACTIVITY OF ANY KIND IS PROHIBITED! Park wardens as well as private citizens regularly patrol the area, and you will be arrested and removed from the park for lewd behavior.

There was an "N" logo at the bottom of the sheet. Beneath, it said "The Naturist Society, Oshkosh, WI." Interesting that they came down to Illinois just to post this, I thought.

"That's a lot of rules for a beach," Crystal said.

"They're just 'guidelines,'" Sarah pointed out.

"Well, here goes nothing," I said as we grabbed our bags and walked through the entrance along the short path that led down the hill towards the beach.

Once at the edge of the hill, we could see a large portion of the beach stretched out in front of us. There they were: several dozen people, almost all of them completely nude. Some sat on folding chairs reading, others were basking in the morning sun. A few men in their thirties or forties were tossing around a frisbee. There were other folks just sitting around on their towels in a group, chatting.

I noticed that only the last few feet of the "beach" was actually sand. The rest of it was a grassy park, with shade trees, benches, barbecue grills, and one or two fire pits. There was a permanent restroom and drinking fountains. The bluffs behind us and across the lake gave the park a very scenic feel, and overall it looked like a very pleasant place to spend a hot summer's day.

When we arrived, we were by far the youngest people there. There were a few thirty-somethings, but most of the folks there were over fifty, and quite a few looked like grandparents. That felt a little odd to me, but not enough to be concerned about. I honestly had no problem seeing old people naked; I figured we were all naked under our clothes, so why should anyone be ashamed of their bodies?

As if on cue, Crystal said, "Ew, how can these old people show their shriveled-up selves in public?" Crystal herself had runway-model looks, just like Sarah. Tall, leggy, and thin, with not much in the way of breasts, hips or ass. She had golden blonde hair cropped just above her shoulders, blue eyes, and a deep, rich tan - almost as dark as Sarah's. She was the polar opposite of me, with my curvy body, long dark-red hair, and pale skin.

"They're just... hanging out, aren't they?" Lana commented.

We made our way down the hill and found a relatively out-of-the way spot on the grass. It was still fairly early, so there was a lot of open space. It was supposed to get well above 30C today, maybe even up to 35, so I knew it would get more crowded as the day wore on. Our spot had a beautiful, unobstructed view of the lake, and I could see the deep blue water and far shore, crystal clear in the distance. Despite it being hot, there wasn't a hint of haze in the air, and the clear blue sky was dotted with a few puffy white clouds. If ever there was a day for being outside au naturel, it was today.

"Well, J.J., it's time to make good on your promise," Sarah reminded me.

I looked around me nervously. I had dreamt for months about being nude outside on a bright, sunny day, but now came the moment of truth: could I actually do it in front of all these people? All these strangers? I thought about running off to the restroom to undress in private, but that seemed just silly. About ten meters away two guys in their forties set out their towels, put their stuff down, and stripped off their clothes right there like it was nothing.

So I stripped off right there, like it was nothing. I wasn't wearing underwear anyway - just a t-shirt and a pair of shorts. I threw them off into the grass and took a deep breath. Then I opened my eyes - for some reason my eyes were closed - and looked around once more. Everything suddenly seemed brighter, more lively. The grass and trees were more green. The water and sky were more blue. I could feel the cool morning breeze and the warmth of the sun simultaneously, all over my skin.

Meanwhile, Sarah and Crystal stripped down to their swimsuits. Both of them wore string bikinis, and it was obvious that they both regularly tanned in them. Crystal got out her cell and decided to stream some tunes on it. Rich, full, stereo sound came out of the tiny speakers (how do they DO that, anyway?) but it was some crappy top-forty dreck. Both Crystal and Sarah said they wanted to work on their tans, while Lana, still dressed in shorts and a T, found a nearby seat in the shade to read a book.

The first thing I did was put on sunblock. I didn't want to burn highly sensitive parts that had never seen the sun before. I felt a more than a bit self-conscious lotioning up my breasts and ass, but I figured there really wasn't any other way to get totally covered. Or was I supposed to use the restroom for that? I wasn't sure. Anyway, I did it out in the open, but as quickly as I could. Fortunately my full, thick bush would protect me down there without having to rub sunblock in.

"Hey, J.J., you know, a little bit of landscaping never hurt anyone," Sarah said. "I mean, now that you're going out in public like that, it might be something to think about."

I just looked at her with a puzzled expression on my face.

"I'm just saying," she said. "Suit yourself, either way."

I sat on my towel next to Sarah and Crystal, soaking up a bit of sun and getting used to my surroundings. It was still surreal to me, out in the open, totally nude, and no one caring. And all these other naked people, just relaxing and enjoying the outdoors. I saw a family of four walking down the shore. The parents looked to be in their early thirties, and they had two young girls between them. All of them were nude, of course. It didn't occur to me that people would bring their kids, even young children, to a nude beach. I'm not sure why it didn't; now that I was here it seemed perfectly natural.

"Will you look at that," I said. "I wish my parents had done that with me. Or that those had been my parents."

Crystal and Sarah sat up and looked at the family. "I wish that was my husband, not my father," Crystal said, noticing the thick arms and chest and the oversized member swinging between his legs.

"I don't know," said Sarah. "Looks like he's probably a chrome-dome, the way he shaves his head like that."

We people-watched for a little bit while we lay in the sun. I was amazed at the wide varieties of shapes and sizes. Especially interesting to me was the great variety in the human penis. Some of them were so shrunken and stubby that they were barely there, whereas some hung down a lot more, like that man with the wife and two girls. There was also a wide range in shapes and sizes of breasts on the beach. I noticed that about half the women there were completely shaved, though I didn't really spend much time looking at other women's pussies.

When Sarah and Crystal turned over they both untied the tops of their bikinis. I told them they were being silly, that they should just get rid of their tops entirely if they wanted to avoid tan lines, but they ignored me.

I decided to take a walk around, get to see the place and maybe meet some new people. There were a lot more people there now that it was later in the morning and warmer. I figured there were well over a hundred. I saw that there was a group of people in the water, chatting.

That's where I should be!

I ran down into the lake, out towards where I could dive in. The fresh, cool water felt wonderful. I swam maybe twenty-five meters out, dove underwater for a bit, being careful not to lose my glasses in the process, and just reveled in the freedom of skinny dipping in broad daylight. I floated on my back for a few minutes and watched the clouds drift across the blue sky. It was heaven. Looking down my body, I saw that my boobs stuck out of the water as I floated, my cold-hardened nipples pointing skyward.

Looking back to where my friends were, I saw that Sarah and Crystal had turned back over onto their backs. Sarah had her bikini top draped over her breasts, but to my amusement, Crystal hadn't bothered to put her top on at all. Her tan lines were obvious even from a distance. I also saw Lana, who had put her book down and was busy talking with a young, naked, overweight man. His nudity didn't seem to bother her in the least, and it looked like an animated conversation, from what I could see.

Finally I swam towards the group standing around and chatting. They were a diverse group, ranging in age from maybe late thirties to elderly. The water came up to about waist high where they were, but the women paid no mind to the fact that their breasts were just hanging out in the open. Several of them looked to have cans or plastic bottles of beer. I was wondering if I should interrupt, or how I should introduce myself. Fortunately I didn't have to.

"Hello there, young lady," a man looking to be in his sixties said. He hit me with a barrage of questions. "What's your name? ... Where are you from? ... Is this your first time to 'Tonga Beach?'" That was apparently what they called the clothing optional section. "We don't get a lot of pretty young things like yourself here often." I blushed at that. A younger woman, maybe forty, splashed him out of mock-anger. "How old are you? Twenty-two? Twenty-three?"

"Eighteen," I said. There were some impressed murmurs throughout the group.

"Too bad," the man said. "I'd offer you a beer otherwise."

"Did I say 'eighteen?' I meant 'twenty-one,'" I said, getting laughs from everyone in the group.

"What's your name?" I asked the older man.

"Me? I'm Tom," he said, offering a handshake. I was self-conscious of my breasts jiggling slightly as he shook my hand. "Though, as you can see, I'm also hairy, and my girlfriend here thinks I'm a dick."

"I'm not your girlfriend, you dirty old man," said the forty-ish woman, giving him another playful splash. Then she turned to me. "I'm Sally. Nice to meet you."

I got to meet everyone in the group. There were about a dozen of them in the water.

"Are you some kind of club?" I asked.

"Yes," another man in the group said. "We're a naturist club. Non-landed." I learned that meant they didn't have grounds of their own, but visited other places. "We call ourselves the Chicago Bares."

"Didn't the Bears move to Los Angeles?" I asked.

"Not B-E-A-R-S. B-A-R-E-S," he corrected me. "And thank you so much from bringing up such a painful subject. While you're at it, why not give me a nice paper cut and pour lemon juice on it?"

"She's way too young to get that," an old woman with long, gray hair and gigantic breasts said.

"Oh come on, I've seen 'The Princess Bride.'" Though it was made decades before I was even born.

I was starting to get to know each of the "Bares" by name. I had never met such a friendly bunch. Despite them all being much older than me, I really felt like one of them, like part of the group. I was educated on some of the ins and outs of nudism, and nudist etiquette. They all wanted to know about my school plans and what I was studying. They also asked about the friends I had brought along with me. I told them that I had agreed to go naked, but they probably weren't going to do so.

"Well, your one friend seems to be getting more comfortable," Sally said, pointing over to Lana. I was shocked to see that Lana was completely topless, dressed only in shorts and sandals. She was standing around chatting with several people now, including the young guy she had met earlier.

I was dying to know what Lana was thinking about all this, so I excused myself from the Bares and walked out of the water. I felt the water drip off of my naked body as I exited the lake, and blushed just a bit knowing I was exposing my bare ass to the group. Of course, I was also exposing my bare front to everyone on the beach.

"J.J., this is Brian. Brian, Julie," Lana introduced us, and also introduced me to his parents, who were there with him. Brian turned out to be a Northwestern University student who was raised as a nudist. Lana looked very at-ease being topless, making no effort to hide her breasts.

"Julie's been sort of an 'at home' nudist, so this was all her idea." Well, no, it was Sarah's, but I didn't want to correct her. "It's her first time out. Mine too, I guess," she said, blushing.

I wanted to ask Brian what growing up as a nudist was like when I saw a young guy walk down from the entrance path. He was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, carrying a bag with him and looking a little bit lost and nervous. Was it Kai? I had only ever seen him in the dark. He had short, light brown hair and those same, slightly sad eyes I remembered from that night.

I excused myself from Brian's family and Lana, and ran over to see him.

"Kai, is that you?"

"Julie?" I saw Kai's eyes dart downward from my own, for just a split-second, then back up. I had to suppress a smile. "You look... well, you look great." I'm sure I did, totally nude and still slightly damp from the water. I was also starting to get a bit of color to my skin, even with the sunblock on.

I was thrilled that he made it, but I knew I had to play it cool and curb my enthusiasm a bit. "It's good to see you here," I said, pleasantly. "I was wondering if you'd make it."

"I'm not much of a morning person, but I got going as soon as I could," he said. "It took several hours to get down, and I... I..."

I started shaking out my long wet hair, more to tease him than anything else. He just started stammering, and couldn't complete a sentence. I was enjoying the effect I was having on him.

"Do you think you'll get naked like me?" I asked him.

"I was thinking about it... it's dang hot out. But... maybe not right at the moment," he said.

I had to suppress a laugh. The reason he couldn't get naked at that moment was the obvious bulge in his jeans. I love getting a rise out of a man.

"Come on, I'll introduce you, or reintroduce you, to my other friends!" I said, swaying my hips ever so slightly as I walked in front of him.

Crystal was still lying out topless, but Sarah had tied her top back on. I introduced Kai, and they exchanged pleasantries. We were interrupted, though, by Lana running towards us, shouting.

"I'm NAKED! I'm NAKED!" she said, merrily skipping towards us. And naked she was indeed. She had even shed her sandals. I noticed she had shed a lot of weight, maybe ten kilos, since the winter before, but was still a bit plump. Her short brown hair, blue eyes, and slightly chubby cheeks gave her face an angelic, innocent look. Her breasts, somewhat smaller than mine, bounced happily along with her.

Lana stopped in front of us and noticed Kai for the first time. Her face turned beet red.

"Lana! It's so cool you could... 'join us,'" I said.

"You're Kai, right?" Lana asked. Kai reintroduced himself and they shook hands. "This is... ah, this is my first time... like this," she said, gesturing towards herself. "I can't believe I did it! It feels so awesome!" Then she said quietly to me, "I thought it would be, you know, sexual and all, but I don't feel turned on in any way. It's just natural and feels good."

I hadn't really thought about it until then, but I knew exactly what she meant. I didn't feel turned on either. It was like showering with the girls in gym, or hanging out at home with Sarah, Lana, and Crystal. Why was that? I started to think that maybe in the cases when it excited me, I was "naked," but right now I was simply "nude." Silly bit of semantics, but "naked" seemed to me a state where you were "exposed" somewhere where you shouldn't be. It was naughty. In a public park back home was "naked." Walking the streets of Madison was "naked." "Nude" simply meant you didn't have clothes on, but it was entirely appropriate, like taking a shower, or being at a nude beach, where people expected it and no one batted an eye. There was nothing naughty about being nude here.

Of course, most people just use "nude" and "naked" interchangeably.

"So is Kai going to get naked too?" Lana asked enthusiastically, but without a hint of sensuality, as if she were asking if he'd join us in a card game.

"Yeah, Kai," I said to him. "We've seen it all before." Well, Crystal hadn't.

"You told me over the phone I didn't have to," Kai said with a smile.

"You still don't have to," I smiled right back, "but Lana and I might call you a pussy if you don't." I was so evil. I got the sense that Kai really wanted to get nude with us, but maybe needed our "permission." I figured a little prodding on our part might do the trick. And it did.

"Well, if that's how you feel..." Kai pulled off his t-shirt. He was quite thin, but by no means scrawny. I admired his flat stomach and well-defined biceps and pecs. They weren't all that big, but the sunlight played up the shadows nicely. His shoulders were also quite wide, giving his upper body a pleasant wedge shape.

After taking off his socks and shoes, he paused for a moment and looked around nervously. "Sorry," he said. "This is still new, and more than a little weird for me." He gathered up his courage and slid his jeans and underwear together down his legs.

He wasn't hard anymore, but he wasn't all shrunken into his pubic hair like he was after swimming that one night. I tried to get a good look at his penis, but it was hard to do so without looking obvious about it. Kai wanted to sit down and take it easy for a while, so he, Lana, and I decided to lie in the sun with Sarah and Crystal.

"Kai, you better put some sunblock on, or you'll regret it," Sarah told him, noting his pale complexion. His arms and legs were nicely tanned, but the whole area from his mid-thighs to his neck was blindingly white.

"It'll tan, then I'll be fine," he said.

"Do you really want to get sunburnt in your... most delicate places? J.J., why don't you help Kai lotion up?" Sarah suggested with a wink. Kai and I both blushed.

I handed Kai a bottle of lotion and he turned his back to me and started doing his arms and chest. I admired his nude backside, how the muscles of his back moved as he worked the lotion into his skin. I was really starting to build up a crush on this man. He was sweet and shy and intelligent and cute, but more than anything I loved his rich baritone voice. I couldn't resist: I had to tease him some more, play with him. A naked man in front of me just begged to be played with. Being as unexperienced as I was, I wasn't sure exactly what to do, but one move obviously presented itself.

I waited for him to finish lotioning his front, noting how he spent one last quick motion right between his legs, obviously trying to get his cock and balls covered as stealthfully as possible. Now was my chance.

"I can do your back," I said boldly, despite my inner nervousness.

Kai turned around, revealing that his penis was just a bit more swollen, but by no mean hard. It looked so tantalizing, just hanging there in front of his sack, glistening from the sunblock he had just applied to it. He handed me back the sunblock.

"I... I wouldn't mind if you got my back. Go ahead," he said.

Kai was only a few inches taller than me, so I had no problem working the lotion into his shoulders and the back of his neck. I gently pinched and massaged his shoulders, feeling the tension that was there. I moved down to the middle of his back, rubbing my open palms all along his skin in broad circles. I reached around under his arms to his chest, finding his nipples and brushing against them ever so slightly with my fingers. He stumbled a bit when I did that.

"Julie, be careful there, I..."

"Are you ok?" I asked innocently.

"Oh, nothing. I mean I'm fine."

I continued working down to his lower back, letting my fingers run gently up and down his spine. This was fun. I touched him the way I would want to be touched: gently and leisurely. I knew it didn't take nearly this long to rub sunblock in, but I was really starting to relish what I was doing. Kai was starting to breathe in short bursts.

"Are you sure you're ok?" I asked him again.

"I'm fine!" he said as his voice cracked slightly. Then I thought I heard him whisper, "Baseball. Just think about baseball." What a strange thing to say!

I skipped over his butt and went for his thighs, even though I knew he'd already gotten them. I slowly stroked up, then down, then up, then down the back of each leg. Kai let out a tight hiss of air. I decided that now was the time to go for his butt. Here I knew I was treading a fine line, and we'd get kicked off the beach if I spent too long. I couldn't help it, though: I'd never gotten to grab a man's ass. I squirted some more sunblock into my hands and quickly rubbed it into his ass. It was wonderful, soft yet firm. A little bit hairy, but they were wispy, blonde hairs, barely noticeable. He rose up onto the balls of his feet ever so slightly.

"Yipes, uh, Julie..." he said.

I stopped lotioning his butt and ran my hands towards the insides of his thighs. Then it happened: I brushed up against something there! It was either his balls or his cock, I wasn't sure. But Kai jumped about two feet in the air, spun around and faced me.

His dick was pointing straight out!

"Stand in front of me. Just stand in front of me! Oh, God, I can't believe you did that!" he said, quickly covering his crotch with his hands.

"Did what?" I asked him.

Kai smiled. "Don't tell me that wasn't on purpose. Now I..."

"Now I think you need to sit down," I said, taking him by the hand and sitting cross-legged on the grass. He sat directly in front of me, his hands in his lap.

Sarah, lying right behind me, sat up and whispered into my ear, "Damn, girl, I didn't know you had that in you. That was some show you put on!"

I reached out and touched Kai on his lower leg. "I'm sorry I did that to you, Kai. I didn't know that would happen, and I really didn't mean to touch you... um, where I did."

Kai blushed and smiled, and took my hand in his. "It's ok, Julie, it's just that I've never been naked in public like this, I mean other than the one night, and I can't handle it very well yet. I'm not experienced the way you are." He looked me in the eyes and started massaging my fingers with this thumb. It felt nice with both of our hands still slippery with lotion.

Heh. Me, experienced?

I realized that, sitting the way I was, my pussy was spread wide open for him. He kept one arm strategically placed in front of his crotch, but I wasn't similarly modest. I liked the fact that I showing him my most intimate parts. I decided we'd stay like this so I could watch his reaction.

"So, how's the job?" I asked.

"Sucks," he said, his eyes darting quickly down to my pussy and back up. "I'm flipping burgers for the third straight year."

"Well, I'm making subs," I said. I didn't mention that I was submitting a story every week to the local newspaper, but since they only paid me a few bucks per story, and only actually published me a couple of times, it hardly counted.

"Yeah, but I have two years of college under my belt now. Sometimes I wish I had picked a better major, like computer science or something."

"Ugh, computers suck," I said. I had lost more than my share of school papers. The march of progress always seemed to leave computers behind.

"Yeah, but at least by now I'd have a summer internship. Ah, who am I kidding? I tried taking programming and couldn't wrap my head around it." He took another sneak peek at my pussy. I myself was starting to get really turned on. Every time I saw his eyes sneak down, I felt a surge of excitement. I could feel my pussy getting wet, and wondered how long it would be before it started to show.

This wasn't "nude," it was "naked."

"That surprises me," I said. "You seem really smart."

"I'm starting to think doing Music Ed. wasn't the smartest thing in the world. I tried to get a job giving lessons at a music store, but no one was hiring, and they only want teachers with full four-year degrees."

"What would you teach?" I asked him.

"Voice, of course, but I also play guitar." He lingered a bit longer at my crotch this time. I wonder if he knew that I knew he was looking...

"You should join a band," I said.

"A band? I don't know, I don't feel like I'm cool enough to be in a band," he said.

"I bet you could. You know, I still haven't heard you sing. Even over the phone."

Kai blushed. "I... I suppose I could sing for you sometime. But not here."

I noticed Kai had removed his arm from in front of his crotch, and I could get a good look at his package. His dick was a lot more shrunken now, but still just as beautiful. Is that strange, thinking of it as beautiful? Anyway, now it was me stealing glances at his crotch. I could start to smell my own arousal, and was embarrassed to realize that my nipples had gotten hard despite the oppressive heat.

I stood up. "Hey, let's go swimming!" I said. I had to get the musky scent of pussy juice washed off before more people noticed.

"Cool," Kai said. "Sarah? Um... Crystal," he said to my friends, remembering their names.

"Yeah, I'd love to," Crystal said. She started to reach for her bikini top, then said, "Ah, fuck it," and got to her feet clad only in her string bikini bottoms. She reached for Sarah's hand and pulled her up off of her towel. Sarah, of course, still had her full bikini on.

I noticed that Lana was already in the water with Brian, chatting with the "Chicago Bares." We made our way into the water and swam over to them. The Bares were very interested in getting to know Kai and Crystal, though I noticed they gave Sarah a bit of the cold shoulder. That annoyed me, just slightly.

"It's so great to see young people get interested in naturism," one of them said. "It seems like it's always just us old folks who are involved. Though when I was eighteen I'd never do this."

"I think this was all Julie's idea, am I right?" Sally asked. "Three cheers for Julie!"

Before they could start cheering me, I interrupted, "Actually, it was Sarah's idea to come here."

"Really," Tom said. "Why don't you get more comfortable? That suit's just going to get damp and clammy. Take it off!" Sally elbowed him in the ribs; I think it was genuine anger this time and not just playfulness.

"It's... it's just not my thing, that's all," Sarah said.

The conversation seemed to really die down at that point, and Kai suggested that we all (me, Sarah, Crystal, Lana, Brian, and him) all go off for a bit of a swim. We thought it was a great idea, and took off from the rest of the group. We swam out into deeper water, where we all had to tread to stay afloat.

"I love swimming nude," Kai said. "It feels so free!" He floated on his back, pedaling his legs to stay afloat. I noticed his limp dick lying above the surface of the water.

So did Sarah. "Hey, is Kai going to extend his mast for us?" I don't think he could hear with his ears in the water, but I could. I gave her a splash. Sarah splashed back, and next thing we knew, we were all horsing around in the deep water.

Suddenly, Sarah screamed. "Aaah, Crystal, you bitch, give me back my top!" Crystal treaded water with one hand, while holding her prize up in the other. Sarah came after her, but Crystal threw her top to Lana, who swam off with it.

"Sorry, Sar, Brian and I are done swimming, so we're going to hang out on the shore," and she and Brain left with Sarah's top.

"I'll get you for that," Sarah said to Crystal, and dove underwater. Crystal yelped, and Sarah emerged with her bottoms, twirling them in her hand. "How do you like THAT?!"

"Actually, it feels very nice to be nude now," Crystal said, sticking her tongue out at Sarah.

"I like your friends," Kai said to me.

After some more playing around in the water, we all emerged. The only person who had any clothing on at all now was Sarah, with her bottoms. She also carried Crystal's bottoms with her. When the Bares saw that we had shed more of our clothes, they all cheered.

"Hey, this IS nice," Crystal commented. "I'll be dry in a few minutes. I think I'll go and work on an all-over tan." The tall, thin blonde turned plenty of heads as she confidently strode back to her towel. I also noticed that Sarah made no attempt to retrieve her top from Lana, but just lay out on her back, letting her white breasts darken in the sun.

We had a very pleasant afternoon. The Bares had brought burgers and brats to cook on the grill, and shared them with us. I smiled as Crystal sat down at a picnic bench with us to eat, not at all bothered by her own or anyone else's nudity. Another convert, I thought. Sarah also ate with us, but still kept her bottoms on.

"Wow, I never imagined just sitting down to eat naked with a bunch of near strangers," Kai said.

"How does it feel?" I asked.

Kai thought for a moment, chewing and swallowing his burger. "Oddly... natural."

As the afternoon wore on we all went out to a more open area of the beach and tossed around a frisbee. We also joined a volleyball game, though it was clear that none of us was up to the level of skill of the other players.

"Don't worry about that," Tom told me. "Volleyball is 'the official sport of nudism,' so you're going to run into some very good players out here."

Finally, Kai had to get back to Madison. He got dressed and packed up his bag. Saying goodbye, he took hold of both my hands, facing me.

"Thank you, Julie. This was... this was one of the most amazing experiences of my life so far. If you'd told me a few months ago that I'd spend a day on a nude beach, buck-ass naked, playing volleyball, eating burgers... I would have told them they were crazy. If it hadn't been for you, I never would have tried anything like this."

Kai kissed me on the cheek. Behind me, Sarah and Crystal whistled and applauded. We both turned red.

"Call me when you get back to Madison," I told him.

There wasn't any touching goodbye between Lana and Brian, but they did exchange contact info.

As the afternoon turned to evening, more and more people started leaving. There were only a handful of people left as the sun was approaching the bluffs on the other side of the lake. We decided that was our cue to pack up and leave.

I found my clothes and towel and stuffed them in my bag, putting on only my sandals.

"Aren't you going to get dressed?" Lana asked me. Everyone else had their clothes on.

"Why? It's still hot and I'm comfortable."

"Well, you certainly kept up your end of the deal," Sarah said.

We walked up the path to the parking lot. As we were loading the car, one of the guys from the beach approached me. I hadn't met him, but I had seen him out all day. He was in his fifties, and wore nothing but a long t-shirt that just barely covered his privates.

"Hey, missy," he said, "the parking lot is not part of the traditional clothing optional area. You really need to cover up."

"Why?" I asked.

"Because you'll cause conflicts with the other park users," he said, as if reading a pamphlet.

"So what? If they can't deal with seeing a naked woman, that's their problem, not mine. And you're a fucking hypocrite, I mean, you're barely covered anyway."

The man huffed and stormed away angrily. I noticed in the failing light that I was getting several other dirty looks.

"Fuck them," I said. "I'm not getting dressed."

"Well, you're not sitting your bare ass in my car without a towel," Sarah said. I extracted my towel from my bag, then shut the bag in the trunk with everything else. I sat shotgun just like before.

"So, what do you think of Kai," I asked my friends.

"He seems really sweet," said Lana. "But I thought he was sweet when we met him in Madison. I could do without those two friends of his, though."

"He seemed... kinda small to me," Crystal commented.

"I know he's a little skinny, but not that much," I said.

"I wasn't talking about his body," Crystal said.

"Oh, he was NOT that small. YOU'RE just a fucking size queen," Sarah teased her.

I noted to Lana about how easily she seemed to convert to nudism.

"When I saw what it was all about, it didn't take long," she said. "I met Brian, and told him all about my mom and stepdad, and... well... let's just say he educated me a bit."

"Do you think you'll call your mom and talk about it?" I asked.

"Are you kidding? I'm going to call her the first chance I get!"

On the way home I think we got several honks from truck drivers, but otherwise we got home without incident. We pulled up in front of my house, and I got out and went to get my bag out of the trunk. I looked around and saw no one else out. It was almost midnight at this point, and I lived on a pretty sleepy street. Still, I was a bit on edge, this being the place I grew up, with neighbors who had known me my whole life. The cool, still night air felt great on my skin, though, and I had no intention of covering up. I grabbed my bag, said goodbye to my friends, and walked up and into my house.

Mom and Dad were waiting for me, sitting on the couch.

They were both completely nude.
