VIII.

Find Jim…

That’s what the doctor had prescribed. It wasn’t the same sleazy establishment Spock entered years before. The chairs were leather, the room dark, and the music seductive. His eyes drifted from patron to patron, faces he recognized from the building that held his father’s office; men of distinction captivated by the youth and energy possessed by the half naked boys gyrating before them.

His eyes landed on Jim in the middle of it all; a smile brimming on his lips but a familiar emptiness residing in his eyes. Jim’s gaze landed on Spock’s face and he felt the warmth spread throughout his body. It was déjà vu, reminiscent of the day the two men first met. He hoped that his presence would be apology enough for his former lover and friend. Spock was frozen by the bar, watching as Jim stood and quickly closed the distance between them.

“Hello stranger.”

Jim’s greeting embraced him, dissolving the bitterness and fear that had formed around his heart.

“Remember how we met?”

Spock didn’t recognize the uncertainty as he took a turn with Jim’s well played game attempting to erase the distance that the imprudence of his past actions had created. His lids lowered as he felt fingers thread in the hair at the nape of his neck, “Right now I just want to forget how you broke my heart.”

It was enough for the moment, Spock was willing to forget, and Jim was able to forgive. Together they moved in, settling into a small brownstone a few blocks from where they were initially introduced. There was no discussion of Nyota, Sarek, or the past.

Until that night…

“Why?” Jim’s voice bounced off the walls of the bedroom they shared.

Spock hesitated before answering. “I love you; we don’t have to have this discussion.” Yes he was full of fear, uncomfortable with where the course of the conversation would leave his fragile relationship with Jim. The bed shifted as he stood and walked to the window.

“You use that almost like an excuse, do mean it? Do you understand the weight that statement holds?”

“Do you not trust me Jim?”

“Love is an action word Spock, you left me, you were living with someone else, and that doesn’t feel like love. I can only trust you to hurt me.”

Jim’s voice didn’t elevate above a whisper.

“I am sorry; it was never my intention…”

“An apology doesn’t excuse your actions.”

“I need a bottle of water, hold that thought.” Spock escaped the tenseness of the situation. He inhaled and exhaled, counting his steps as he made his way down the hall and to the stainless steel refrigerator in the kitchen. He grabbed the remaining half of the apple pie from dessert, two forks, and a bottle of Fiji water. When he returned to the bedroom, Jim was up and partially dressed.

Spock’s heart sunk with the sight. “Where are you going?”

“You are incapable of delivering any lines not laced in bullshit, even Nyota admitted she was a bitch and she fucked up when she left McCoy for whatever the two of you had, and you sit hoping that I forget all the shit you pulled.” Jim yanked the shirt over his head, “I don’t love you anymore.”

The pie, forks, and water fell from Spock’s hands. “Since when?”

“Now…just now.”

Spock looked on helplessly as Jim shoved his feet into his shoes. “I can’t live with the lies.” No words would come in response to Jim’s statement. “I can’t wait for you to leave again.”

“Jim, I’m not leaving.”

Jim paused, “I wanted to fuck McCoy.” Spock cringed. “I needed to see that look on your face. He couldn’t do it. He loved his wife too damn much. I don’t feel that for you.”

His heart pounded against his ribs as he recalled that day in the doctor’s office. “He told me.”

Jim looked on curiously. “Why did he tell you?”

“Because he wanted this to happen.”

“Do you accept responsibility for anything?” The man walked towards Spock, stepping over the mess in the middle of the floor. “I would have loved you…forever. I’ll sleep at the club tonight, in the morning, you need to be gone.”

Spock reached for Jim, tugging at his arm, “Please, Jim, talk to me. Don’t do this.”

Jim’s blue eyes burned with rage, “I am talking. Fuck off.”

Spock tried to pull him into an embrace, he was drowning. “I am sorry. You misunderstand. I didn’t mean to.”

Jim shirked his touch. “Yes you did. Remember, there’s always a choice. That moment…you made your decision. She left you and here we stand.”

“I love you.” Spock moved closer, still set on trying to alleviate the nasty confrontation building between him and Jim.

The man countered. Where.”

He responded puzzled. “What?”

“Show me! Where is this love? I…can’t see it, I can’t touch it. I can’t feel it. I hear it, flowing from your mouth in insincere words, but I can’t do anything with that.”

“Please.”

“Get the hell out. Forget the morning. Leave now.” Jim spit in his face. “Take your lame dick and your tear stained pillow and get out of my life.”

Spock balled of his fist and charged towards Jim. He stopped before his hand connected with the man’s nose.

“Impotent bastard, you won’t even finish a fight.” Jim laughed, taunting Spock, “Hit me. That’s what you want. Hit me, daddy’s boy.”

The punch was hard and firm. He felt the bones in Jim’s jaw as the crunched under the force of his hand. There was nothing left to say. Spock gathered what he could carry in two hands and walked out the door.

***

Spock never liked spring.

The increased pollen count, intensity of the varying colors of the flowers lining the sidewalks, or the sound of happiness that drifted in the air. There are children at play, lovers in careless abandonment, or people simply at peace.

Daily he sat silently in the park, for a glimpse of them. On Mondays, the doctor picked up his daughter from school. She’d recently joined her father and stepmother in the city after her mother remarried. She always bolted from the door and jumped right into daddy’s arms.

Tuesdays and Thursdays were reserved for Nyota. The little girl was more somber, eyes still bright, but she always waited for a cue or sign from her father’s new wife on how to proceed. As time passed and the comfort between the two deepened, Nyota often received the same greeting. Regret filled him when he noticed the expansion in the woman’s waistline and the way the little girl’s fingers reached for the bump.

Then there were the rare Fridays, when a stranger with tousled golden brown hair lingered around the steps, and offered his hand to the doctor’s daughter. Twin smiles mirrored their faces, their laughter echoed across the street and to the park bench where Spock sat alone.

A stranger sentenced forever to be on the outside looking in.