I was dreaming a wonderful dream where my cock was being held captive by a warm and tight something that felt freaking great! It was too real a feeling and it woke me from my slumber. It was early morning and I could see I was laying spoons next to a female with a hot looking ass and then I realized that's where my dick was - in her hot freaking ass! She rolled face down and pulled me onto her back still connected to my dick. "Ok sailor boy do your first mate hard and deep in her ass and don't stop till I have cum three or four times," she growled.
I was the type that didn't have to be told twice to do something I live for! I started a rhythm of most of the way out to the ring of my cock head then slam, back down fully into the depths of her ass chute. One or two minutes of this and this woman started a string of curses that would make a real sailor blush.
"Drive that cock in me sailor boy, drive it in deep and pound my ass with your balls, oh, fuck me, fuck me harder," she screamed at me while a series of orgasms shook her entire body and her ass squeezed my cock into shooting off deep in her ass. Globs of hot thick cum shot out the tip of my cockhead as I drowned her bowels. I thought I went blind as she drove her ass upwards to meet me driving down.
After shooting my ropes of cum deep into her ass I rolled us back into spoons. My cock stayed hard for some time and she rocked back and forth to milk me of any cum I had left. I reached a hand over my wife's body and grabbed the nearest breast and tweaked her nipple till it got rock hard. In a very contented voice she sweetly reminded me that her sister, brother-in-law and those three nieces of ours were arriving at our house today, "So this morning may have to hold my poor big boy for awhile," she cooed.
My wife and I are in our mid forties and live in California. We have two adult sons ourselves who this summer are away at college programs. My wife's sister, Mary, is just a few years younger and has three girls all over eighteen. She got pregnant right after the wedding giving birth to Shannon her oldest then popped out twin girls just over nine months later. To get a break from the girls before they went to college she and her husband, Bob, wanted to visit us with the girls then leave for a few days on a cruise. They planned to let the girls stay with their aunt and uncle while they were away.
I was very smart in getting my business started and over the years it made us very wealthy. We lived in an average neighborhood but our property was at the end of a cul-de-sac and was very vast away from the house. The house was deceptively large since I built most of the many bedrooms and living quarters in the back. The house was also set way back and had a long driveway after a gate that you need to ring-up to gain entrance. I had hopes that my sons would bring their wives to our estate and I would build them little cottages so I could be surrounded by family "in my old age."
After a 'hot' shower with my 'hot' wife where I made sure her large breasts were very clean along with her sweet pussy and ass. We were in there for some time then we dressed for the day and waited her sister's arrival. The gate buzzed and we opened the gate. My wife and I were a bit surprised when a car load of just females arrived in our driveway. Mary got out and said her husband Bob had to leave on business at the very last minute but she was going on the cruise anyway. She said she told him he needed to relax and spend some important time with her and that she was very worried he worked too hard. We got to see her and the nieces about every two years and it was always without Bob after some business reason came up.
I had not seen my nieces for like two years when Shannon had just turned nineteen and the twins were eighteen. They drove me crazy with their flirting and teasing because I guess I was one male in their family that paid attention to them and realized the importance of teasing girls back. The twins were incorrigible. I wasn't safe in the pool with two sets of nubile breast poking in my back and my cock getting pulled under water, "by accident, we swear, Uncle Zach!"
Their mother, Mary, my sister-in-law was no help either giving me the rub down in the pool also. I guessed she needed attention that she wasn't getting at home. My wife just laughed at my 'pre-dick-ament', knowing the more those girls teased me the more I would crazy fuck her. My only defender was Shannon, the eldest niece. She was very possessive of her Uncle and threatened her sisters to back off.
My sons were a few years older than the three girls and I always warned them to respect their cousins and their femaleness. I think the den was used too much to push the edges and 'kissing cousins' was more than just a term when they visited. There were always way too many tears when they left and full on breast hugs that got a little dicey on their last trip.
When it was getting time to leave the last time everyone was busy downstairs. From upstairs my nineteen year old niece Shannon yelled down "Uncle Zach, I need your help with something."
I went up to the room where she was staying and opened the door. Shannon was totally naked. I went to leave and she said, "Don't you dare go! You are the first man to see me naked and I want you to watch me dress. Don't ruin this for me by going. I want you to see all of me."
I stayed by the door just in case. Shannon is a full blooded beauty. Her long red hair covered her breasts while she stood there some stands even reaching to cover her vulva. She slowly pulled her hair back letting me see the entire front of her young body. Her breasts were nice sized - like navel oranges - with dark nipples sitting in the middle of pale pink aureoles. She turned slowly and pulled her long hair forwards to show me her athletic ass.
She spread her legs and bent over to the bed to get her bra. She stayed bent over and reached back and pulled her ass cheeks apart. I saw her darker backdoor 'wink' at me. She let go of her ass cheeks then I saw two slender fingers slide backwards through her moist pussy lips. She pushed those lips apart to show me the hidden beauty within. What a beautiful sight.
She turned to face me again and sexily pulled on each nipple then caressed each breast softly into her bra cups. She moved each breast around in the baby blue cups until each nipple was pointing at me. She turned and bent way over again and picked up her blue panties. She turned to face me again.
"Before I do anything with these panties Uncle Zach, I want you to show me your big cock, and if you don't do it right now I will scream real loud and everyone will catch you perving on me."
"Shannon, that's not fair to blackmail your Uncle," I said with an attitude.
Shannon started to sob a bit and started towards me. I held out my hand and she stopped short. "This is an important day for me Uncle Zach. Don't make me hate myself for asking you and have you say no. I need you to do what I asked," she sobbed with tears leaking out of those hypnotic green eyes.
"Ok Shannon, I'll do it but I'm gonna tell Aunt Beth after you leave that you tricked me," I said with a smile and reached for my zipper. It was difficult to get my cock out of my pants. My cock is always a thick eight inches then gets hard when excited. Shannon had my cock rock hard making it difficult to bend.
I watched Shannon take the gusset of her panties and push them between her pussy lips and slightly in. She held them there while she walked up to me. She was so close I could smell her sexual scent. She reached out her other hand and softy caressed my cock. My pre-cum was leaking out and Shannon captured a glob on her finger tips then brought them to her mouth.
"Next time I visit Uncle Zach you Are gonna give me your big cock and make love to me. Until then no one else will have that pleasure. My body belongs only to you, same with my sisters. They are saving themselves for you also. Now go away so I can dress with this memory," as she put my cock away and pushed me out the door.
When Shannon came down we said our good bye as each niece gave me a long hug and a long kiss on the lips. While they held me tight they pushed something into my pants back pocket. My sister-in-law gave me a long hug and a long kiss then they all got in the rental and left.
My wife Beth knows me too well and asked, "What the hell was that all about, and what did they give you?" I told her I think I was just niece seduced and when I pulled the things out of my pocket there were three pairs of sexually scented panties.
My wife cracked up laughing and choking said, "You know they will be back in about another two years. You better keep in shape if you are gonna be able to service your three nieces, your sister-in-law, and your slutty hot wife."
I stood there floored as my wife walked away laughing.
So now that they all arrived I was blown away when they piled out of the car. Shannon still had all the Irish going for her, bright red hair, long and down to almost her butt. She had those hypnotic green eyes that a man could loose his soul gazing into. Shannon was not stacked but had a body that men would go to battle for her honor. Her twin sisters Bree and Marie had strawberry blonde hair and blue eyes and both were nicely figured. They bubbled and squealed, "Uncle Zach we missed you and Aunt Beth so much and can't wait to get started on our vacation at your home."
They came and gave Beth and me hugs and kisses but I felt that each of the girls rubbed me fully with their breasts and instead of a kiss on the cheek I got a long soft wet kiss on the lips. When that was over I looked each girl in the eyes and saw blushing lust hiding behind their looks. Lucky for me Beth would be around to keep these girls in line.
Mary then also hugged me tight and gave me a lingering deep wet lips kiss. She actually moaned as she rubbed her tits against me. She finally broke the kiss and reluctantly moved back and smiled sweetly. That's when Mary told my wife she wanted Beth to come with her on the cruise since it was already paid for two adults. Beth was so excited as she had been after me to take her on a cruise. Mary and Beth ran into the house to make the quick reservation changes.
The three nieces pulled their luggage from the car and almost in unison purred, "We are really going to enjoy that you are going to baby sit us Uncle Zach." As each one passed by me they ran their finger down the front of my shirt or along my neck or under my ear. Chills ran down my spine as I watched them walk into the house making sure they wiggled their butts to catch my eyes. Each looked over their shoulder and gave me this wicked smile. Now that all three were well over eighteen I knew I was done for.
All the girls settled in so Beth and Mary took over dinner. The twins pushed their way past Shannon to sit on either side of me. One or the other slipped their hands under the table and tried to drive me crazy rubbing my thighs almost to my crotch. I had to drive their hands away or I think they would have found and rubbed my cock. They kept at me as to what we were gonna do, go shopping, go out to eat, lay around the pool, go to movies or just hang out? I was exhausted just thinking about all that.
After dinner Beth quickly packed making sure she threw in her really sexy bikini bathing suits. I asked her what she needed those for and she said she was going on a real girl's only vacation and needed all her ammunition to compete with the young babes on the ship.
She then said, "Zach I'm gonna fuck you so hard tonight that you will think more than three times about touching those nieces of ours. I'm gonna suck you hard and ram myself down on you in both holes till I make you cum so much that your balls will be emptied and stay empty for days." I got rock hard just thinking about later.
I left the room to let my wife pack and went to the home theater room. Looking back I should had turned and run when I saw my nieces. Each niece was in what might pass for pjs. Shannon had a cut off top that just reach her belly button. When she moved around on the chair in the room the bottom of her breasts came clearly into view. The top was silk like and her nipples were trying to burst through the fabric. She had on baby doll bottoms that when bunched up outlined her pussy as if she was not wearing anything. Bree and Marie also seemed to be trying to out do each other as to how much tits and ass each was showing off through their pjs.
I didn't make it out of the room before the twins pulled me down onto the couch between them and placed a boob on either side of my arms and each gave me a long kiss on my neck leaving a little bite mark. And almost in unison they purred, "Uncle Zach we are over very over eighteen this weekend - do you have anything special planned for us?"
I told them they had better behave or their uncle will make sure to spank them into minding me. They squealed and promised therefore to misbehave and were looking forward to their spankings. To emphasize that they kneeled up on the couch and rubbed their tits up and down my sides. I began to get a whiff of female honey coming from both of them and just thought I truly was done for. To play along I gave them each a quick swat on whatever ass cheek was closest and they yelped in a playful way.
I asked Shannon since she was oldest if she could help me out here controlling her sisters. She got a lustful smile on her face as she crawled over to me and slid up and onto my lap. Her breasts were now inches from my face and she was giving off a sweet but rich woman scent. "Uncle Zach, I plan to have my fun too while I am here so you better plan on spanking me also." With that said she gave me a strong wet kiss right on my lips and crushed her breasts hard against me. The twins got me on the sides and I was crushed under six firm breasts and three sets of warm wet lips.
Just then Mary and Beth came in and told the girls to leave poor old Uncle Zach alone and get upstairs and go to bed. They started whining about going to bed so early so I raised my hand in a spanking motion and they squealed and ran past their mom but then walked slowly up the stairs swing their butts as they went. Mary did ask if it really will be ok that Beth does go and would I be able to control those girls while they were gone. I told them to go have fun and I would turn my niece's butts bright red if they misbehaved. I heard some high pitched squeals then a bunch of laughing.
That night my wife fucked my brains out. She stripped me down and sunk to her knees and took my semi-soft cock into her mouth sucking backwards until she left me rock hard. I am not porn sized, just a little bit longer and a little bit fuller that your average guy. Beth then lay on her back on the edge of the bed and ordered me to eat her until she came several times. She opened her legs wide and I could see she was already dripping wet. My tongue went to work on her lips, her moist channel and her pea sized clit. Just a few minutes of munching on her pussy lips and beating her clit with my tongue and she started into her first orgasm of the night moaning loudly.
I pushed her legs up on her chest and licked down her snatch till I hit her rosebud. She took in a deep breath and moaned a little loudly and said a quickly, "Yes, right there Zach, please right there." I pointed my tongue and pushed it into her rosebud to open up her back door. Beth had a quick mini orgasm right on the tip of my tongue and more of her honey dripped out of her pussy and coated her ass. "Do it Zach, do it now, fill up my ass with that big cock of yours, it has to last me several days."
I quickly placed my cock at the entrance to her pussy and drove it home in one push. Beth moaned deeply and came again. That coated my dick with enough honey that I pulled out and placed my head right on her rosebud and slide the mushroom past her anal ring. Once that was in it was smooth sliding until all eight inches of me filled my wife's ass. I started that in and out motion that every man just lives for. "Harder Zach, please harder, slam that monster deep into me, fill me up with your cum, pump my ass full of it till it runs out," Beth screamed.
A few more fully deep thrusts and I started cumming dropping rope after rope down her ass. Beth moaned and thrashed through another cum herself. Just for effect I pulled out and shot my last few ropes of cum up onto my wife's breasts. I held her down on the bed until her last strong orgasm passed and she lay exhausted and fell asleep. I pulled her up to the pillows and covered her. I threw on some shorts and did the manly last tour of the house, set the property alarms for the night and went back upstairs. I heard some talking from the room the twins and Shannon were in and stopped to listen.
"Did you hear all that noise coming from Aunt Beth's room - sounded like someone was strangling a cat," one of the twins said. "Or choking a monkey," the other said laughing. I then heard who I thought was Shannon say, "You know Mom always says that Aunt Beth is a very lucky girl, that Uncle Zach is well hung, not like dad, and can keep it hard all night and he cums like a fire hose. I never told you girls but last time we were here I tricked Uncle Zach into showing me his big cock."
The twins squealed out, "NO, you didn't!" But Shannon told them the whole episode. They all laughed remembering giving me their pussy wet panties. One of the twins then said, "He better be able to go three times a night for days or my vacation will be ruined." All three burst out laughing.
I tapped on the door and told them to keep it down and get to bed or I'd be in there with a hair brush. There were high pitched squeals and a lot of bed noises and a syrupy, "Good night Uncle Zach, try to get some rest tonight and don't stay up ALL NIGHT!" which was followed by peals of laughter again. "Get to sleep," I growled.
All night long I dreamed of those three nieces of mine being naked and using all their body parts to try to wear me out. One dream was so real I could feel something warm and moist surrounding my rock hard cock. I kind of woke up a bit and then saw my wife Beth riding up and down on my cock with her hot wet pussy. She growled out,
"Having a nice dream there sailor boy about your nieces, oh yea, your cock almost knocked a hole in my back, oh damm it, I had to have you one more time, oh fuck me that's good. I better empty those balls of yours now, shit that's in deep, or Mary is gonna have three grandchildren nine months from now, oh fuck, fuck, fuck."
All the while she was saying this she was sliding me all the way out and slamming down hard on my cock, causing her to add those comments and drip her pussy honey all over my balls like she had sprung a leak. She does tend to spray when I fuck her deep and hard. She was doing it to herself this time. "Oh damm ZACH I'm COMING SO HARD," she shouted.
There was no way to quiet her when she is in heat like this. I could only hope she wasn't waking the whole house. Her whole body shuddered and she let go and soaked my balls, my lap, the bed and I swear the ceiling if she had been pointed in that direction.
She slumped on my chest crushing me with her set of nice full tits. She held me inside her and stroked her clit against the base of my cock and slid my cock-head deep against her womb. She fired off a series of quick mini orgasms that shook her body and sucked at the cum building up in my balls. She slid off me before I came and told me she wanted to drink me dry one last time before she left that morning.  
She grasped the base of my cock and slowly slid her mouth down my shaft till it hit the back of her throat then slid it back up to suck at the tender head of my cock. She kept up that intensity until I was close to exploding. She popped my cock out and said, "Ok big boy I'm gonna suck your cum out of you all the way from your feet, so give me all you got. I want you dried out and empty for the next few days." And with that she set up a down and up and suck on my knob motion that made me want to go blind.
Just when she knew I was close and could not hold back I felt her move each hand to her pussy and rub it there for a bit. She then moved her one hand to one of my nipples and started twisting it and with her other soaking hand opened my cheeks and drove two fingers up my ass.
I barked like a fucking dog, "Damm, oh fuck, take it you bitch, swallow it all, suck it all out with that pussy mouth of yours," as I shot rope after thick rope of my cum deep down her throat. I thrashed on the bed slamming my cock up at her face till I arched my back fully off the bed and shot that last load from deep within me. Beth never let go of my cock-head which just drove me to almost blindness.
I yelled, "Fuck, fuck, suck, suck, cunt, cunt, whore, whore," and crashed down back on the bed. Beth cleaned me up then cuddled in my arms. "That ought to keep you safe till I get back," she said.
Just before I fell asleep the room got quiet and I could see our bedroom door was now slightly open. I heard in a soft whisper, "Fuck, did you see all that I saw? - my pussy is soaking wet."
"Oh god yes, Uncle Zach is such a stud, I can't wait till later today and mom and Aunt Beth leave on their cruise. I'll be having him barking at the moon before I'm spent."
Damm, I thought, I'm gonna be dead by the time the woman get back. I fell into my dreams again of six boobs and three dripping pussies and three hungry mouths all demanding my personal attention.