Bella's point of view, Bella dominant:

~~o0o~~

The next day we went hunting. Kurt had told us where the best and most isolated places for game were in the forests northeast of Munich. Hopefully we could avoid any human hikers, and we were practised enough at controlling the bloodlust so that even if an unlucky camper wandered into our hunting range we would be able to resist them. The weather was overcast, with a smell of rain on the wind. Edward rented a black 4 wheel drive Mercedes Benz with tinted windows and brought the iPod. Knowing him, he'd have a "hunting in the Bavarian forest" playlist ready to go.

"Tell me you're not planning to subject us to endless Bavarian drinking songs Edward."

We were just leaving the city limits on the E53. German autobahns had no fixed speed limits, perfect for us.

"No, just some nice light rock for a change."

He hit play and "Drive" by Incubus filled the SUV. I sang along while Edward smiled indulgently. Yeah, this was OK, this was very nice indeed.

~~o0o~~

At the end of a forestry track that Kurt had marked for us on the map we parked the Mercedes and headed out into the trees. It was so good to run free that for a while we gave ourselves over to the pleasure of flashing headlong through the tall trunks, leaping about in the branches, playing tag and racing each other. Edward was a little faster, now that I wasn't a newborn any more. We reached the remote area Kurt had suggested, and after some time scenting and tracking, located a herd of deer. Not massively exciting, but they would do.

We fell on the herd from both sides, taking a couple of animals each. I was a less messy eater than I had been as a newborn, but no-one could match Edward for finesse. I felt a little calmer after the first deer, the thirst somewhat relieved. Edward perched himself on a fallen log, watching me finish the second animal. His breathing was still rapid, and both of us were in a heightened state, as always when we were hunting.

I let the drained beast fall and shortly afterwards he flashed across to join me.

"Better?" he murmured, kissing the hollow below my ear.

"A little. Pity we didn't find any carnivores for you around here."

"I have my own personal carnivore right where I want her," he whispered. "Do you know you have blood dripping down your chin?"

"Damn." I went to wipe my mouth but he stopped me.

"No, let me, it's very sexy on you, especially after yesterday."

Edward leaned in and ran his finger up my chin then licked me clean lasciviously. Then he smeared his finger across my lips, painting them with fresh blood. He put his finger in my mouth and I licked the blood off it, holding his eyes, then sucked his wet finger in and out of my mouth to remind him what else I could do with that part of my anatomy. Edward put his head back and gave me a sultry look, his eyes darkening. Pulling me to him he kissed me hard, blood and venom mingling on our lips, in our mouths.

He began kissing my neck, his fingers busily undoing my shirt buttons. Opening my shirt, he slipped my bra straps down and lifted out my breasts, cupping them in his hands, nuzzling them and sucking my nipples. I couldn't resist stroking his cock through his levis and he groaned and pressed into my hand, his crotch bulging. But no, he must wait until tonight. I took his head in my hands and raised his face up from my breasts to meet my eyes again. His face was rapt with pleasure, his breathing rapid.

"No my love, not yet, not here. Remember, today it's my turn." I hated to be a tease but I needed him to wait until later. Until we were alone indoors where I could do exactly what I wanted to him.

He looked crushed. "But I want you Bella, please." A sly look passed across his face and he leaned forward, whispering in my ear. "Please Mistress, let me pleasure you." He dropped to his knees and embraced my legs, then buried his face in my groin, kissing me through my jeans, worrying at the fabric gently with his teeth and growling softly. It was erotic and ridiculous and I couldn't help letting a snort of laughter escape. I pushed his head away gently and dropped to kneel with him.

"I want you to be longing for me by tonight Edward. I want you to be ready."

"I'm longing for you now. I'm so ready Bella. So ready." His voice was thick and he tried to kiss me again, his hands reaching for my breasts.

I held him back. "Mistress Bella says not yet. You have to wait until we get home tonight."

His eyes narrowed, and in a flash he had me on the forest floor, pinned under him. "I'm not sure I want to play this game any more. I think I want to be masterful again."

He bent down to kiss me and I let him, then when he was lost in my mouth and moving helplessly on me, I flipped us and sat astride him, pinning his wrists on either side of his head.

"No means no, love. You'll just have to hold that thought."

He undulated his hips suggestively, rubbing his swollen groin against me. "Please Bella, can't you feel how much I need you?" He tried all his tricks, fluttering his eyelashes at me, licking his lips, trying to dazzle me with a seductive gaze, the crooked smile.

I leaned in and planted a chaste kiss on those wet, enticing lips, barely able to resist his wiles. "Later, pretty boy, later."

Groaning in frustration, he gave up arguing. He took out his pent up desires on another herd of deer we encountered, drinking from them with more savagery than usual. Sated, we headed back to the car. In the Mercedes he switched playlists to heavier rock and we sped back to the city in the gathering twilight with "Cold Hard Bitch" by Jet blasting from the speakers, Edward in a sulk and shooting me sidelong glances. I grinned and sang along cheerfully, ignoring the pointed reference, knowing I would make it up to him later on.

~~o0o~~

He relented as we entered the outer suburbs, toning down the music and picking up my hand, kissing it.

"Sorry I was in a bad mood, it was childish of me. You just drive me crazy Bella, and I've gotten out of the habit of needing to control myself and wait."

"I shouldn't have teased you love. But I want you a bit pent up tonight, to make it all the sweeter."

"I have to get through another session at the club with Kurt first. I'm going to be desperate for you by the time we get back to the hotel."

"And me for you. You'll get caught up with the music though, you always do. I, on the other hand, will be stuck in the audience with nothing to do but lust after you."

"My revenge." He grinned.

"One detail about tonight, so you're not disappointed. I couldn't get a blue leather suit, sorry. You'll have to make do with black."

He swallowed. "I'll manage."

"But I've got a blue one on order at the shop. They'll FedEx it home for us."

He whimpered at that, gripping the steering wheel with white knuckles. I grinned.

~~o0o~~

Even after a cold shower his playing had a special intensity that night, a hot, bitter-sweet edge, the club packed to capacity with an appreciative crowd. I was excited, anticipating the night ahead, but I had to sit through extra encores. His revenge indeed.

Afterwards, Kurt eyed us with a grin. "Some special chemistry there tonight children. I sense you won't be coming clubbing with us."

"Another time." Edward was too excited to chat. I waved at Kurt as he pulled me out the door to the taxi stand.

Inside our suite he took me in his arms and kissed me hard, pressing me to him. I forced myself to break off the embrace.

"Down boy. I need to get ready, and so do you. I'm going to dress you. Go get naked, then wait for me in the main bedroom. With your eyes closed."

"Dress me?" He bit his lip, uncertain, excited.

"Yes, And from now on it's Mistress Bella."

He drew in a shaky breath. "Yes Mistress."

We gazed at each other, serious now, then I dimmed the lights and went to prepare.

~~o0o~~

I surveyed myself in the second bedroom's mirror. Very tall spike heel black boots, black gloves, tight black leather pants and jacket with chains draped suggestively around hips and breasts. Under the jacket I had a red corset edged with black lace. Under the pants, nothing. The whip was mine tonight. I unzipped the jacket to let a little cleavage show, keeping the low-cut corset hidden to surprise him. Then a long cloak over it all, black with a red lining. Very vampiric. He was going to be blown away - hell, I wanted me.

He was standing in the middle of the bedroom completely naked and perfectly still, his eyes closed.

"Open your eyes."

They flew open and his pupils dilated, darkening his golden eyes. He stopped breathing, transfixed. I stalked across to him and ran the whip down his chest, all the way to the hair at his groin. He moaned softly, half-closing his eyes. I uncoiled the whip and put it around his neck, using it to pull him with me into the dressing room. I made him put on a pair of skintight gold lycra boxer shorts. His cock was getting hard, making the shorts bulge in an interesting manner. Next, gold high-heeled shoes. It had been tricky getting any large enough, so I was pleased to see that they did fit him. He balanced experimentally, looking at me questioningly. Finally I took a green and gold silk oriental bathrobe from the rack and slipped it on him.

Taking his hand I drew him out into the bedroom again. I took him to the full-length mirror and made him look at himself. He twisted a little from side to side, intrigued, the silk robe swirling about his thighs. God he was lovely, androgynous and sensual in the robe and heels, just as I'd imagined.

Speaking to him in the mirror, I said "What's your name?"

"Edward?" he said uncertainly.

"Call me Mistress."

"Mistress."

"No, for tonight, your name is Pretty Boy."

"Yes Mistress."

"Walk up and down for me Pretty Boy, I want to see you move."

He walked to and fro across the room, tentative at first as he got used to the heels, then with more confidence and grace as he came to stand before me again.

"Do I please you Mistress?" Soft, seductive.

"Very much." I put the whip around his neck and pulled him down to me, kissing him lightly on the lips.

I considered him again. "One last touch I think. Sit there." I indicated the bed.

I took what I needed from the bathroom and stood over him. His pale skin was a perfect canvas. I put green eye shadow above his eyes and dark eyeliner on his upper lids. A grape colored lipstick suited him best. Then a pair of earrings he'd bought me in Hong Kong years ago, clip-ons of course. Carved green jade surrounded by gold filigree. He was completely passive, letting me decorate him, gazing up at me. I ran my fingers through his hair, dishevelling it to my satisfaction then stroking his face. He closed his eyes, leaning into my touch. I surveyed my handiwork, the breath catching in my throat.

"Oh, Pretty Boy." Impossibly lovely.

His eyes opened. "Mistress?"

"Come and see yourself." We returned to the mirror. "Do you like it?"

He turned his head a little, making the gold earrings catch the light. "I…yes, I think…I look like a concubine. Do you like it Mistress?"

"God yes. You're my concubine, Pretty Boy, aren't you?"

"Yes Mistress, yours forever."

~~o0o~~

I smiled at him. "You've been very good, Pretty Boy, so you get a reward."

His lips parted in anticipation, a spark in his eyes. "Yes Mistress?"

"Would you like to take off my cloak and jacket?"

"Yes Mistress, please." He was excited, reaching for the clasp at my throat, unhooking it and slipping the cloak off, putting it on a chair. Then he raced back, eager to undress me. He slid the front zip down, gasping as the scarlet corset emerged.

"Jesus. Oh Mistress!" He slid the jacket off my shoulders, discarding it, stroking my shoulders, running his hands across my cleavage, the curve of my breasts and down to my waist, unable to keep his hands off me.

"You like it then?" Teasing him. I could see from his shorts how much he liked it.

"I like it." His voice was thick, his eyes heavy, staring at my breasts swelling out of the red and black lace.

I ran my gloved hand down his chest to the swelling in his shorts, holding him, stroking. His eyes rolled back and he shuddered, groaning, pressing against my hand. I ran my hand back up his body and put my finger on his mouth.

"Patience, Pretty Boy. First you dance for me. It is your turn, after all."

He looked down at himself, then back at me, questioning.

"No, not a strip. Seduce me, you're my love slave."

I knew how to work an iPod too. I had made a special playlist with one copy of "Love Junkie" by Angie Stone. The compelling funky rhythm filled the room and he stood with his legs apart, eyes closed, letting the music take hold. He began to move, swaying his hips, sensual in the silk robe, moving languorously, raising his arms, putting his hands behind his head, arching towards me. Then stepping, side-slipping, twirling, his hips thrusting and swaying with the beat, arms outstretched, graceful and erotic as he gradually approached me, looking at me under his lashes now, the crooked smile. Oh God. He drew me into the dance, moving close to me, barely touching, suggestive, brushing his groin past me, hands stroking my breasts, sliding to my waist, caressing my ass in the slick leather as he moved with me, more urgent now, insistent against me. The music faded, but he still moved rhythmically, holding me, face in my hair.

I pulled myself out of the trance with a superhuman effort, pushing him gently away. He stared at me, breathing quickly, longing in his eyes.

"Very nice my love." I was breathless as well. I stripped off the gloves and went to the bed, lying back on my elbows. "Now take my boots off."

He knelt before me and unzipped them, drawing them off. Then he bent my leg up and kissed my foot, sucking my toes, eyeing me from under his lashes. Unnngh. I almost gave up at that point and just pulled him onto me, knowing he could smell how aroused I was. No, I must stick to the plan.

"Now the pants. Then put my boots back on."

He eased the leather off, breathing raggedly, then slid my boots back on and zipped them. Now I was dressed only in the corset and spike heeled boots. Edward knelt between my legs, begging me with his eyes.

Leaning on one elbow I reached out and caressed his hair. "Shall I let you pleasure me, Pretty Boy? Have you earned that?"

"Please Mistress, oh please…" Hoarse, desperate.

I lay back on the bed and he parted my knees, kneeling there, kissing the soft skin inside my thighs, inhaling me, sighing happily. Then I felt him open me, his lips and tongue caressing me, and I was lost in sensation. He spread my legs wide apart, pulled me towards him and leaned in, moaning even as I did, tongueing me deeply. It did not take long. Soon I was crying out, writhing as the pleasure flooded out from my center. As it ebbed, he kissed my thighs gently, then sat back on his heels, running his hands gently up and down my legs.

I stretched out my arms to him. "Help me sit up." I was weak.

He pulled me up to sit on the edge of the bed as he knelt before me and I pulled him into my arms, kissing him deeply, tasting myself on his lips. I held him close, then pushed him back at arms length. His lipstick was smudged, making him look dissolute and vulnerable. So lovely.

"You like what I'm wearing Pretty Boy?"

He gazed longingly at my breasts. My nipples were swollen, pressing through the red lace. "Oh yes Mistress…very much. As you can see."

"Yes, we'll have to do something about that…but first…"

The top of the corset was soft, the lace cupping me. I pulled the laces loose, allowing my breasts to spill out. He whimpered, moving to caress them, to taste, suckling in a kind of blind ecstasy. Moaning softly, he pressed my breasts together, rubbing his face between them in abandon, shuddering. I think he might have stayed there all night if I had let him, but it was time.

I bent to kiss his hair "Come to bed now Pretty Boy." Standing, raising him and turning, pushing him back onto the covers. "Kick off your shoes and lie back. And don't move, lie as still as you can"

He obeyed, eyes never leaving me, the silk robe falling in folds about him. So beautiful.

I crawled across to him, sprawling over his hips, kissing his hardness through the lycra. He writhed under my mouth, his head falling back, whimpering. I growled then, tearing the gold shorts off him with my teeth and he gave a shocked cry, hands clutching the covers, ripping them. Running my hand between his legs, I caressed his balls and his swollen cock as he shivered, trying not to move. Then I straddled him, kneeling over him in the black boots and rising up on my knees. Then sliding him into me, impaling myself on him. He cried out, arching back helplessly, thrusting up into me.

"No my love, my Pretty Boy, quietly, no moving remember, just lie there and let me fuck you."

"Mistress, I can't…I want…I need…"

I leaned forward and stopped his mouth with a kiss, moving on him insistently. He must be close, all that pent up arousal. I trapped his hands in mine and spread his arms out, crucifying him against the bed, pumping my hips on him. God it felt good and I was so hot for him, so wet. He was beside himself, quivering under me, arching, writhing, moaning in desperation and I was close as well now, very close.

"Oh Mistress, oh please, ohhhhh I'm coming…I'm coming!"

I felt him convulse, screaming out incoherently, ramming himself up into me, his head arched back, mouth open, thrashing, gold filigree glittering on his ears. It pushed me into an intense orgasm and I clung to him, shuddering, riding the waves as he gradually stilled.

~~o0o~~

Afterwards, stripped of boots and corset, I held him in my arms. He kept stroking me, nestling in, wanting me to cradle him. I slipped the earrings off and traced his lips as he kissed my fingers. He lay in my lap in the silken robe, his tousled head between my breasts, nuzzling them gently, curled up happily like a child.

After a time, he drew my face down to his and kissed me softly. "Thank you." He snuggled back into me.

I rocked him, filled with contentment and a fierce maternal protectiveness, cuddling him, kissing his hair.

My pretty boy, my love, my Edward.

~~o0o~~