Bent double, your palms pressed against your throbbing temples, you realize it was a moan that awakened you. Grille decking; a slimy trail of calcified residue down the wall, where a pipe has been trickling; a perimeter of minimum-energy yellow tube lights: you're backed up to the bulkhead of a remote corridor in the lower decks, halfway between deep storage and waste processing, and you have no idea how you got there. You hear the moan again (choked and urgent), wet suckling sounds, panting and rustling. Beside you is a strut, one of the wide steel ribs of the ship, and some of the rivets have rusted loose over the years, leaving coin-sized holes. You peer through one, in the direction of the noise; what you see is President Roslin, arching away from the wall at her shoulder blades like a bird in flight, as Lieutenant Kara Thrace fumbles recklessly with the fastenings of her blouse. You're dizzy and disoriented -- it's possible that this is merely a surreal, feverish hallucination. Unfortunately, when you look again for verification, the view is similar: Starbuck has pinned both of Roslin's wrists, chuckling at the president's breathless squirming as she nips along her collarbone.

You're evidently either insane, neurologically damaged, or an unwitting cylon agent -- but you've learned, of necessity, to suppress the vortex of panic that seizes you when you contemplate your ever-more-frequent blackouts. For the moment, you have more immediate problems: if you're discovered here, everyone will doubtless assume the worst, so you'd better start thinking like a cylon, at least. Options for escape: the corridor behind you runs under the hangar bays, and it would be possible to make your way upstairs by that route. But you don't know what time it is, and thus what passages are likely to be manned. You assume you're off duty. Less suspicious to turn up somewhere in the warren of lounges and bunks that serves for living quarters -- but the lovebirds are blocking the way. If Starbuck is escorting the president on one of her official walkthroughs (albeit one with unscheduled stops), they'll be heading back in that direction, toward the bridge.

You know that the wisest and most appropriate course of action until then is to focus only on keeping absolutely still and silent until the tryst is finished. You manage that for a minute or so, through a "Please," three "There"s, and innumerable "Yes"s, after which you decide that if you're going to have to listen to frakking Starbuck frak the president of what's left of the colonies while your mind as you know it slowly disintegrates, you're sure as hell going to enjoy the show.

Starbuck has always been golden, if given to tarnishing herself, and her skin appears burnished in the low light, glimmering as it plays over flexing muscles. She seems no different to you than when she's flying -- it's the same abandon in her body, the same total concentration in her touch as when she handles the controls of a raptor. President Roslin -- rumpled and gasping -- strikes you, by contrast, as obscenely at odds with her sober public persona (who knew she had any other?). She has Starbuck topless, nose buried in the unexpected fullness of her breasts. Despite yourself, you slip your hand clandestinely into your pants.

"I want to have your baby," Starbuck says, bunching up Roslin's skirt until a thrilling scandal of black lace and garters peeks out.

Roslin laughs, a short and strangled whimper, as Starbuck lifts one of her elegant legs around her waist and strokes the secret flesh above her stocking-tops.

"What?" Starbuck's teasing is shockingly tender. "You've said our primary objective right now is to reproduce, perpetuate the species. I can't imagine making a baby with anyone but you. Little Lauras who would grow up to save us all."

Roslin just cups the back of her neck and pulls her into a desperate kiss. When she comes, it's silently, holding her breath and trembling in Starbuck's arms. Tears well up under her eyelids and Starbuck catches them on her tongue.

They leave before you can get yourself off -- add that to the list of things that were easier before the world ended. You count ten minutes out in your head, then attempt to steal inconspicuously back to crew quarters. It's rancorously unfair, you muse, that you're being persecuted as a suspected cylon, when nobody is who they seem to be.