Tia's Game
by TailWeaver
Copyright© 2021 by TailWeaver

Chapter 14: Bluff in the Buff

Losing her chance at a game with the boys on Friday night had made Tia more than a little obsessed with making sure the next chance they got was even better. She spent hours reading and looking for more inspiration, and she got to where it was almost no big deal to sneak a hand inside any of her brother’s pants and give them a quick grab whenever they wanted. For one reason or another, her mother had seemed to be up in their section of the house far more often this past week, so the chances for more than a quick touch (much less a real masturbation session) were few and far between. By the time the next Friday had arrived, Tia could hardly stand the anticipation. She had even made an entry in her journal, commenting on the latest story she had read, and she was sure Tim and the others would have read it by now. The thought of her brothers trying any of the things in that story had kept her on edge for the last day or so, and by the time she got home from school, her panties were quite soaked because of her constant daydreaming. Katie had been egging her on all day as well, and she had said that she wanted to get an update before tomorrow - as in during the middle of it all, while Tia was still naked. On edge already, and overcome with excitement after two weeks of fair normalness, she wanted to at least have a little preview of the night’s activities, so she didn’t go to her room immediately upon getting home. Heading down the hall to her brother’s room, she found Terrence and Tim playing on their game system.

“Um, does someone want to help me with my homework?” She asked when they paused their game.

“Homework? It’s the weekend!” Terrence protested while Tim merely looked at her with a suspicious gleam in his eye.

“I meant. Home. Work” she said, running a hand along the buttons of her shirt.

She could see a dawning understanding cross their faces, and it did not surprise her when Terrence quickly agreed.

“I’ll keep an eye out, if you want,” Tim added, smiling at her as if he was already thinking of what was going to happen once their parents left.

Tia flushed, her overworked imagination continuing to keep her on edge. “Sure, that would be great. C’mon” She turned and led the way back to her room, kicking off her shoes as she stepped inside. Moving next to her dresser, she turned and waited as Terrence came up to her, his hands moving to her sides immediately. She could see Tim watching from the doorway, keeping a lookout for either parent, and she shivered as Terrence’s hands ran up and down her sides. Her whole day had been a struggle to pay attention and not daydream, but as his hands moved to her breasts, pressing against them through her clothes, she let go of her inner struggle to behave and responded eagerly to his touch.

“We must search you thoroughly, you are always hiding things from us!” Terrence said, playing the game a little as he ran his hands firmly over her breasts, sliding down and pressing against the front of her embroidered jeans.

Tia shifted on her feet, swaying a little as he touched her firmly, and she felt her heart pounding as her breath caught in her throat. “I ... I’m not hiding anything,” she said, playing along.

“We shall see,” Terrence replied, his hands going to the buttons of her shirt and working to undo them.

Tia stood there, tingling and on edge as he worked to open her shirt, his hands sliding across her bare stomach and around her ribcage as he finally parted the two sides. She gasped a little as he slid his hands up and over her bra, grasping her breasts in both hands before continuing up to push her shirt off of her shoulders and down her arms. Tia felt little goosebumps run down her skin when his fingers trailed a path back up her arms, over her shoulders and lightly touched her bra directly over her the spot where her nipples were poking out. She stood as still as she could as he traced the outline of her bra, his fingers sliding under the strap in back before coming back to her front and lightly feeling the softness of her breasts under the edge of the cups of her bra. He didn’t quite reach her nipples before he pulled his hands away and slid them down to her waist, grabbing onto her bottom firmly before working to undo the snap of her jeans.

Tia felt a warmth rising inside of her as his hands fumbled around the opening of her jeans, pulling the sides apart and working to lower her pants. Her jeans were one of her favorites, and they hugged her body firmly. They were tight enough that putting them on took a bit of work, and removing them usually took more than a simple tug. She felt him pushing down on her jeans, the fabric pulling tight across her upper thighs before the downward movement stopped.

“Tight. You must be hiding something here for sure” Terrence said, teasing a little as pushed ineffectually downward on her jeans.

Tia stood there, feeling her excitement growing as he knelt down, tugging on one side of her jeans and then the other. She felt her pants move down a couple more inches and she could feel the cool air of the room on her heated midsection. Her nipples were hard as rocks as she stood there in her bra and slightly lowered jeans, and when she felt Terrence’s hands give up on her jeans and run across her damp panties, she gasped a little when she felt him graze her engorged clit through her underwear.

“Oh? Hiding something?” Terrence said, still teasing, and it did not surprise her when he pulled her underwear down, pressing it against the stretched fabric of her jeans. HIs fingers almost immediately traced their way down her damp slit, and she had to hold on to his shoulder for when he slid them inside of her, her knees buckling a little. Her legs being bound by her jeans, she was not very stable and she felt like she was going to fall until she bumped her hand into the dresser behind her. Holding herself upright, she gave into the powerful sensations his fingers were giving her, her hips moving against his hand as she tried to encourage his touch. She felt trapped by her jeans, unable to part her legs to give him more room to maneuver. It was similar to how she felt when she was tied up, and the added sensation made her orgasm rush towards her faster than ever.

“Oh god, that’s, mmmmm,” she moaned, losing her train of thought as Terrence slid two fingers in deeper, wriggling between her trapped thighs. She gasped, moaning again as he removed his fingers, and she felt him pushing on her jeans again, to no avail.

“Over here,” he said, standing up and pulling her over towards her bed. Her legs were trapped, so she had to take small baby steps, awkwardly following him. She could feel their eyes on her partially unclothed body, and the odd combination of bare skin and covered seemed to make the whole situation even more exciting. She was about to just sit on the edge of the bed when Terrence turned her around and pushed her against the side of the bed, pressing down on her back until she bent over and half fell onto her bed. Her legs flailed up a little as it was hard to bend them with the way her jeans were around them, and she felt tied in a different way. As she turned her head to the side to breathe, she felt a little better, and as Terrence again pulled down on her jeans, she was able to get her feet back on the ground. Her butt was exposed as he continued to push both her jeans and her underwear down to her knees, eventually sliding down onto her calves and giving her feet a little more room to part. Before he took her jeans and panties off though, he stopped, leaving them trapped across her shins, and ran a hand up the inside of one leg all the way to the promised land.

Tia gasped, shuddering as she felt him probe her from behind, and she pressed back eagerly against his hand as she felt two (or three?) fingers slide easily into her wetness. As he began to fuck her with his hand, she moaned in pleasure as she felt her temporarily delayed orgasm come back towards her in a rush. Gasping, crying out, she surrendered to his touch as he continued to thrust his fingers inside of her, deeper and deeper, until she could not stop the explosion. As she cried out, mewling with pleasure, she heard him shush her.

“Shhhh! Fuck, quiet!” he said, and he pressed her down on the bed a little, waiting as she turned to moan directly into her bedspread, her cries now muffled as she came hard. She had wanted this all week, she realized. Trapped, unable to stop their touches, to be made to cum like the horny little minx she was. Gasping into her bedspread, she shivered and shook as her body released it’s pent up energy, her sex flowing freely with her copious juices. As she slowly came back to herself, she could feel Terrence finally pulling her jeans and panties off of her feet, tossing them onto the bed next to her. She made a move to get up and heard him tell her to stop.

“Don’t move, just hold still,” Terrence said, his voice sounding strained. Tia turned her head to the side and looked back and saw that he was rapidly stroking his prick right above her rounded buttocks. She felt another flush of something wash through her as she lay there, obediently presenting a canvas for him to paint. It did not take long at all before she felt the warm droplets hit her skin, and her brother’s long low groans filled the air. She watched his face as he finished cumming and she wondered what it must feel like for boys. She always was hit with a wave like motion of pleasure, washing over her and leaving her satiated. It almost looked like it hurt when Terrence came, his face was contorted and his hand had been practically flying up and down his shaft. So different. But quite hot indeed, she thought, reaching back and rubbing one of the drops of cum into her skin.

“C’mon, we better get downstairs so no one gets any ideas. We can just call you when they leave this time, I mean, there should not be a repeat of last week, right?” Tim’s eyes seemed to bore into her body as she stood up, reaching behind her to rub her hands into Terrence’s cum.

“I could shower first,” Tia said, knowing the night was going to be long and likely messy.

“Up to you. Don’t expect to stay clean very long. You got me all wound up with no place to go” Tim answered, teasing a little as he grabbed himself before heading down the hall.

Tia went and stood in front of her mirrored closet door, turning to look at Terrence’s spray on her backside. Rubbing it into her skin for a minute, savoring the slick feel of the gel-like substance beneath her fingers, Tia finally decided she might as well start the night nice and clean. Moments later she was lost in the pleasure of her shower.

Tia was startled out of her reverie. Her mind had gone wandering while she stood in the warm spray. The sound of her brother’s voice ringing over the noise of her shower brought her back to the now. “Hey. They are gone. Dad has to stop by the office or something so they left already!’

Tia hollered back over the rush of water, “OK. I’m about done”. She finished up quickly and as she opened the fogged over shower door it surprised her to see Thomas waiting for her, leaned up against the countertop

“Oh! I thought you’d be waiting with the others. “ She said, pausing with the door partially open.

“Whatevs.” Thomas said, smirking a little in that cocky way he had. “I always wanted to watch you shower ever since, well, ever since you got older. And I just realized, why not? I could!”

“Yeah. I guess. I don’t mind. Just surprised me a little.”

Tia opened the shower door fully and grabbed a towel, drying while Thomas watched her. It was a little awkward being watched doing something so long in private, but it was ok. After all that had happened over the last few weeks, it was not as if he wasn’t already familiar with every inch of her body

Thomas spoke up as she dried herself off. “Hmm. That towel is perfect for the strip search start of the evening, so no need to put on anything else.”

“Oh. OK, Sure.” Tia had been debating about just going downstairs naked like her mother had caught her doing last week, but she remembered how much they seemed to enjoy the unveiling each time, so she had no real objection. Bending over to let her hair hang down, toweling it a bit before wrapping it in a smaller bath towel, she stood back up and noticed Thomas adjusting himself. She flushed slightly realizing the view she had just given him, and her earlier arousal, sated somewhat by Terrence’s digital attack, came rushing back. Her eagerness to get started returned as the last of her shower induced lethargy left her. Wrapping the damp towel around her body, she tucked it in and nodded at Thomas, waiting for him to lead the way downstairs.

Tia walked into the family room and was surprised to see that they had cleared the room a little. They had not put out a chair or the bench for their games, and in fact had removed two end tables and cleared the center of the room, leaving the two couches and the recliner forming the sides of an open rectangle. As she entered, she heard Thomas tell her to stand and wait where she was, and she watched Tim get up from the couch, a piece of black clothing or fabric in his hand.

“Time for a new game,” Thomas said as Tim moved behind her. “Our version of Blind man’s bluff’. She felt some cloth being placed across her eyes, and could feel it being tugged and tightened as Tim tied it behind her head, the small towel on her head sliding around a bit as they worked. “Rather than anyone else becoming it. You will be ‘it’ until you have caught each of us.”

“Yeah, but it’s not just catching us.” Terrence piped up from a different spot in the room.

“Correct. Each time one of us is caught, you get thirty seconds to use your hands on us. The game ends when one of us loses control and, you know, cums. Like you did with Tim last week. And did with Terrence earlier. We decided it was only fair for us all to get a chance at being next.”

Tia felt a surge of naughty energy flow through her as she thought about what was going to happen. She had no illusions about where this evening was likely going to end up, it was just now that it was starting. Tia felt a rush of something warm and energizing make her heart pound and her body tingle. She was effectively blind, though she thought she could detect a minor difference in the darkness’s intensity when she faced one direction in particular. But it was very subtle, and not likely to help much.

“Don’t worry, we will keep you from going too far and hurting yourself, and we moved all the sharp corners out of the way.” Tim’s voice sounded different, though she was not sure if it was simply because she was blind. Everything seemed to sound sharper or something.

“So, every round, just stand and turn or spin for like a count of 2 one thousand - enough to get turned around, but not enough to get really dizzy. And you go as fast or as slow as you want, so it really is kinda random.” Thomas’s voice was behind her, as she turned to blindly face him as he explained the rules of their new game.

“Ok, um, now?” she asked, rubbing the top of one bare foot with the other as she stood there wrapped in a towel for her body and another for her damp hair.

“Yes, now.” She heard Thomas answer as she slowly turned in place, counting silently to herself. ’One one thousand, Two one thousand.’ She stopped turning, pausing for a moment, before reaching out blindly with her hands, sliding a foot forward slowly, and moved in the direction she had ended up facing, her ears straining to hear the slightest sound from any of her brothers. She moved slowly, but steadily forward, and when she heard a faint brush of fabric (or something) to her right, she turned and moved in the new direction. Her hands soon brushed against an arm and a shirt. She quickly ran her hands blindly up and down the unseen body, reaching down to find the front of their pants and fumbling for the catch. She wished she had paid more attention to who was wearing what, though she was pretty sure no one was in pajamas this time. If she had to guess, she was thinking this was Terrence, as he felt smaller to her, and she could hear them breathing as she worked to open their pants. With a casualness that surprised her, she slid her hand into their undershorts and grasped onto their cock. She realized it was not that big of a deal anymore - the touching of their cocks. And as she stopped stroking the narrow shaft, she began to work their pants off of their waist, pushing their underwear over the throbbing head of their shaft.

Ding!

She heard an alarm from somebody’s phone, followed by Thomas’s voice. “Time. Count to five and then spin again!”

She heard Terrence (she assumed) move away a little as she counted to five slowly, then began to turn in place again, not really caring which way she faced. She had no actual idea where anyone was, so trying to judge where to stop seemed silly. Repeating her process from the first round, Tia moved slowly forward, her arms waving from side to side and up and down. Instead of running into one of her brothers, her foot found the edge of one couch. Making her way along the cushion, she stopped abruptly once her leg touched a denim covered leg. Not sure if she had Terrence again or not, she quickly knelt down and ran her hands up the legs of the jeans and found they had not yet been opened. Realizing this was either Thomas or Tim, Niki boldly rubbed the front of the jeans, feeling the fullness of the erection hidden beneath the fabric. Working as quickly as she could while blinded, she felt a hand running across her shoulder and into the top of her towel, trying to get at her breast. She did not really pause to give them access, she was fully into the game and she had her own agenda. Quickly opening the jeans, she pulled them down as hard as she could, but the way they were sitting prevented her from getting anywhere.

“Hey, no fair,” she said, putting her hand inside of their briefs and feeling the thick headed prick with her hand. “Thomas,” she added, knowing that only he had a thick mushroom head on his penis. Working her hand over his shaft, she began to pump his cock as best she could, working by feel rather than sight. It was a rather novel experience, she thought, touching and stroking someone without being able to see anything, much less their expression. She flushed a little when she realized her train of thought had not included how odd it was to be touching a boy on his privates.

All too soon she heard another ‘Ding!’ and she felt Thomas pushing her back and standing up.

“No putting stuff back on now, otherwise I’m never going to get anywhere!” she said, as she moved back a step and counted to 5, giving them a chance to disperse a bit. Turning and counting again, she thought she heard something off to her left right as she stopped, and she moved quickly forward (albeit with careful probing ahead with her bare foot) and was rewarded with another touch, back to the first brother, Terrence she thought, as she felt his bare bottom and jeans just below his hips. Pushing down firmly, she slid his pants and underwear down, jerking back when she was startled by something wet brush against her cheek. Realizing she was a bit too close to him, she backed up a little and pushed his pants to his ankles before she took both hands and placed them on his prick, one hand cupping the base and the other stroking him quickly. She thought she heard him moan a little, and she sped up her motions, eager to ‘win’, only to hear another ‘Ding!’

“Man!” she swore in frustration, again getting up and moving back a bit, counting slowly to let them move around the room. She brushed her hand across her towel, wiping it clear of the bit of wetness she had gotten on it from Terrence’s prick.

As she finished the waiting count and began to spin, Tia decided on a slightly different tactic. When she bumped into one of her brothers this time, she was going to concentrate solely on getting their pants off, if they weren’t already. The few seconds they were giving her with each capture was not enough to try and open their pants and really make them cum too. She figured she had a better chance if they were naked from the waist down. With her new plan in mind, she slowly moved around, seemingly for a long time, before she bumped into one of her brothers. Not feeling a bare bottom, nor an open pair of jeans, she knew she’d nabbed Tim. Not wasting any time, she did not bother grabbing onto his privates, simply opened his pants and pulled them down as fast as she could. Like before, she felt his prick brushing up against her like Terrence’s had, but she did not pause to stroke it. She kept pushing Tim’s pants down until she felt them pool at his ankles, and when she did not hear the alarm she tapped on his foot while pushing down on his pants and was relieved to find out he was cooperating. She had one of his feet free and was holding his pants for the other when she heard the alarm. Perhaps he would just kick them off now rather than try to silently drag around a mostly removed pair of pants, she thought, getting up and again starting the wait count.

The sounds of her brothers were all around her for a moment, and then she turned in place, stopping after another slow count. She almost immediately bumped into the couch, but when she worked her way from one end to the other she did not find anyone. Turning and heading towards where she thought the other couch would be, she ran into one of her brothers, her hand brushing against their shirt. Dropping her hands lower, she found a bare bottom and an eager erection. As she slid her hand up and down it’s length she tried to figure out if it was Tim or Terrence. Not that she cared, but it was a fun little game. As she felt his shaft quiver in her hand, she was surprised to feel someone pulling at her towel, and in a matter of moments it had fallen to the floor, leaving her naked and blindfolded while she stroked on one of her brothers’ pricks. A small rush of excitement shot through her at her exposure and it did not surprise her to feel someone undoing the towel wrapped around her hair.

“Ding!’

Stopping again, though she was sure that her target had been getting close, she stepped back a little and stood, counting slowly to herself. She felt her damp hair falling against her back, and she realized she had a problem.

“Wait. Can someone get me my comb? If I don’t comb it out, it will be a disaster later.”

“Sure,” she heard Tim say, followed by the thump of his feet on the stairs. She stood, waiting, feeling the cool touch of her hair on her back. Being naked and blindfolded was a powerful thing, she thought. She knew they were looking at her, but not really. They could be doing anything at all. And that was what made it a little more exciting than just being naked.

“Here,” she heard Tim say, and his hand was on her wrist, lifting it up and putting her comb in her hand.

“Thanks. Just a minute, I promise, then we can see who, um, wins.” She began to comb out her long black hair, her arms raised up and her breasts bobbing slowly as she worked. She had never thought about what she looked like while combing, but every movement of her arms seemed to pull on her breasts (and the surrounding skin), and she began to feel like she was putting on a bit of a show. Taking her time, she combed her hair a bit more than necessary, enjoying the blind exhibition she was putting on. Finally, she stopped, figuring it would be awkward to continue much longer. Holding out the comb in front of her, she said, “All done!” After a moment, Tim, or someone, took the comb and Thomas said, “Count again before you do your spin.”

Now naked and feeling quite liberated and daring, Tia counted as required before starting her spin, the slow spin count leaving her facing roughly where she started, she thought, though it was hard to tell. Moving forward slowly, more confident now that she had done this a few times, Tia bumped into another of her brothers, and as she put her hand around the thick throbbing cock, she realized Thomas must have taken his own pants the rest of the way off. Shivering, realizing they were all parading around the room with their pricks bobbing, she began to pump her hand up and down Thomas’s thicker shaft, rubbing her palm across the wide mushroom head. All too soon she heard the alarm go off, and she was once again waiting and spinning.

After a couple more rounds, Tia was suspecting they were doing something to somehow extend this game. She had touched and stroked each of them; she was sure of it, and yet no one appeared to be getting any closer to cumming. She was not tired of the game, so to speak, but she was eager to have someone win, and maybe get into some of the other fun things she liked. And maybe some of the naughtier things she had recently read or talked about and thought about trying. Between the new story she had been reading, and the way Katie had been teasing her, she was more than a little eager to see what it might be like if she did as Katie had suggested. To be honest, it had not really been a suggestion, it was more like a dare. A very naughty dare. Her heart racing, she thought about doing it. Really doing it, and the flood of emotion and excitement throughout her body convinced her she had to try now, or she might chicken out. She did not want to chicken out. Not now. Her mind was made up, although her stomach was doing crazy flip flops, Tia spun in place and mentally prepared herself to do what she hoped was going to end this game of theirs.

Just knowing what she planned made her final spin that much more exciting, wondering who it was going to be, and what they would do or say. As she moved forward again, for what seemed like the twentieth time, she could feel her hands trembling a little as they waved in front of her and to the side as she searched for one of her brothers. Brushing up against a shirt after only a few steps, she moved closer and let her hands run down the front and back, cupping their rounded bottom at the same time she felt for their prick. Sizing things up quickly, she thought it was probably Terrence, and as she got onto her knees, she stroked him faster, pointing right at her face.

“Hmmm, cum for me, you know you want to” she teased, urging him on, wanting, and not wanting him to cum yet. She stroked for a few seconds, and when he did not moan or groan loudly in release. She did what she had been planning. Without analyzing the ramifications, or thinking about what this would mean in the future, she leaned forward and blindly pulled the head of her brother’s cock into her warm mouth. Shocked at what she was doing, she swallowed nervously and nursed on the damp head of his prick, her hand continuing to stroke his shaft, though she had slowed down a bit.

“Oh fuck, she’s!”

“Tia, fucking, hey!”

“Oh god, mmm, oh god...”

Her brothers’ words bracketed her, and she could sense them all near her as she continued to suck on Terrence’s prick.

Her mind was racing. She had her mouth on him. She was naked, blindfolded, surrounded by her three brothers, and she had her mouth on Terrence’s penis. She was sucking him. She was sucking on a cock! Katie was going to lose her mind when she found out. Tia knew she was going to tell her the next time she spent the night, and she was sure there would be different and more naughty ideas from her vicariously living friend. Moaning a little as the immensity of what she was doing washed over her, Tia was pulled out of her thoughts when she heard that familiar ‘Ding!’.

Pulling off, she gasped, licking her lips, only to feel Terrence’s cock pressing back against her lips.

“I can’t ... wait” she heard him gasp as he thrust into her mouth, the head of prick swelling as it began to spurt. Tia had not been sure what she was going to do when they came, but the choice appeared to have been made for her. She pulled back, startled, but could not stop him from filling her mouth again and again with his spurts of cum. She held still after a moment, keeping her mouth open and not breathing, not wanting to have him get it in her nose or anything. When he finally stopped and pulled away, she waited, unsure of what she wanted. She felt his stuff all over her mouth, and she was not sure she cared for the texture. The stories all made it seem like no big deal though, so she experimentally closed her lips, letting her tongue taste more of the stuff plastered around her mouth. It was weird, that’s for sure, though she was not sure it was disgusting. It was no alfredo sauce, though, she thought with wry humor, slowly swallowing and trying to decide what she really thought.

Brightness almost blinded her as the blindfold was removed, and she blinked rapidly until she could see. Thomas and Tim stood on either side of her, their cocks still hard and throbbing, while Terrence was slowly pulling back, his spent cock still twitching and wet from her mouth and his own spend.

“Tia, fuck, that was...”

Tia looked up at Thomas, and then over at Tim, seeing their shock. And their eagerness. She looked at each of their pricks and made another decision. Reaching up, she grabbed onto both of them and slowly stroked them at the same time.

“Oh god, you are ... god damn!” Thomas groaned, his thick shaft swelling even further as she played with them both.

Tia continued for a moment, stroking them both. After a few strokes up and down each of their shafts, she looked up at Tim, and then Thomas, before leaning her head towards Thomas’s prick and kissing the tip. She turned and repeated her action with Tim’s prick before leaning back and continuing to stroke them both while she knelt between them.

“Come on, we can continue this later, for sure, but time for your torture, Prisoner Tia.” Tim reached down to lift her up, leading her into the kitchen rather than the main room they had played the game in. Tia noticed a blanket placed over the kitchen table, and she saw Terrence had the ropes in his hand as he stood nearby. She was only a little surprised to see that he had not gotten dressed again, and his bare cock twitching just below the hem of his shirt was a reminder of all that had just happened.

’I sucked a cock. I’m a cocksucker. And even more if I include what happened with Katie!’. Flushing as she felt an odd wave of arousal mixed with pride washed over her, she moved to the table and looked at her brothers with unmasked curiosity.


Chapter 15: Not Your Usual Phone Call

“Time for some new torture techniques. You have become too wily for us to get much usable information lately. The Prisoner will bend over the table now - or we will be forced to put you into position.”

Tia stared at Thomas as he made his announcement. Her mind still trying to imagine what they had planned, she looked at the table and figured she might as well go along - there was not really anything that enjoyable about being forced to bend over a table. At least she did not think so. She moved to the edge of the table and put her hands down, lowering herself slowly over the table, glad they had put a blanket over the hard, and likely cold, table top. She had barely settled onto the blanket, her head turned to the side, before she felt them grasp each of her ankles, binding each to a separate leg of the table. Carefully pulling on her feet, she could tell that she could not get them free without help. She then felt her arms pulled to the side, rather than up above her head, and as her wrists fell just past the edges of the table, she felt them attach coils of rope to each wrist and tie them beneath the table. She could move them up and down the length of the table a few inches, but she could not pull them apart, nor move them up above the edge of the table. Continuing to pull on her hands and feet a few times, Tia confirmed to herself that she was well and truly bound - even more so than when she’d been tied to the bench or chair.

“There, that should keep her from escaping. Now to see how easily she will break under our torture. We must have that information, we must!”

Thomas’s words were probably meant to be a little intimidating, but Tia simply felt excitement. There was something about being tied up and tortured that she had come to love. At least she was assuming it was going to be a similar type of torture as before. More pleasure than torture, though her bound body gave the boys certain freedoms that made it even more enjoyable.

Tia could feel someone’s hands running over her back and bottom, curving as it ran from down to her thigh and then back up over her bottom onto her back. It was soon joined by another hand, and then another as she realized that all three of them were lightly stroking her skin, one from up near her head - their hands on her back and shoulders, the other two (she assumed) standing near each leg, their hands concentrating on her bottom, and her thighs, quickly moving onto what was between them.

Tia gasped as a set of fingers trailed over her open sex, and she pressed back from the table as she tried to engage that touch a bit more firmly. The light teasing touch did nothing but make her want more, and as she laid on the blanket, her naked body bound and made available, she felt herself warming like always, her nipples getting hard and her sex dampening.

“Get the instruments and let us prepare the prisoner,” she heard Thomas say, and she felt them pull away, only one set of hands still teasing at her inner thigh, making her hips rock from side to side. She felt a cool drip of something on the middle of her back, and she realized they had gotten some oil or something and were spreading it all over her skin. A soft thud on the blanket near her head caused her to open her eyes, her muscles clenching nervously as she saw a small collection of items from the kitchen dropped there. A wooden spoon. A carrot. A banana. A cucumber. She knew what they were likely to do with those things, and she felt a bit of nervous fear clutch her insides, her butt clenching and her legs tightening as she tried to pull away. The story she had mentioned in her journal had obviously given them ideas, though she had not imagined they would act so boldly.

“Oh god, what are you...” Tia said, her voice trailing off as they shushed her.

“The prisoner will be quiet until we ask a question!” she heard Tim say, all three sets of their hands now spreading oil all over her back, shoulders, bottom and legs. As she felt her skin become more and more lubricated, she felt hand after hand slide between her legs, up along her slit and even between the cheeks of her bottom, making her slick and oily everywhere. Tia felt the movement of their hands slow and eventually it was just one set of hands touching her. She felt one of their hard pricks bounce against her stretched tight leg as they moved, and it reminded her they had not gotten dressed again after their blind man’s bluff game. She felt the hand sliding against her sex, teasing inside, making her squirm. But it did not stay there. She felt the fingers slide up and down the whole crack of her bottom, oily fingertips sliding across her most private spot, making her buck a little in alarm. She lifted her head up, startled, but settled back down when she felt the fingers return and begin to lightly probe inside of her vagina.

“Let’s see. Who wants to go first? No one? You know we have to make sure she understands her new position - completely - as our prisoner. Besides, it’s been approved by the latest research” she heard Tim speaking to the others, and she was not really paying a lot of attention to the specifics, but she figured they were trying to work themselves up to do some of what had been in the latest story she had ‘leaked’ to them. She opened her eyes when she heard him moving behind her, and she saw the carrot was gone from the collection of ‘tools’. Hands continued to rub along her oily bottom and between her thighs, making her move her hips in invitation, and she tensed up when she felt the first press of the carrot against her skin. As the tip slid towards her opening, she moaned in anticipation, the whole idea of them using a carrot instead of their fingers making the whole thing that much more naughty, that much more arousing.

“Oh ... god ... mmmm” she moaned softly as the tip pressed lightly between her parted lips, and as it pressed forward, its narrow tip giving way to slightly larger and larger sections of the vegetable, the ridges sliding inside of her made every inch feel different. She pressed back, her wet sex parting easily as Tim continued to slide the carrot in and out, working it’s way deeper and deeper with every stroke. Much like when they played with her using their fingers, she could feel her cunt spasming around the intruder, grabbing onto it and feeling the delicious friction as it slid in and out.

“Oh god, you’re fucking her with a carrot. And...”

“Yeah, look at her. She’s not stopping us. You know she left that story for us to find. She must want this ... all of this”

“She wants us to ... you know, fuck her with that?” Terrence’s voice sounded a little unsure, Tia thought, though she wondered how it could not be clear giving her eager sounding moans of pleasure.

“Mmmmmmgodd,” she cried, pressing back what little she could, moving her hips from side to side and making the carrot feel even better. This was better than her hairbrush, that was for sure. She had not been sure what the boys would do after reading that story, but given that Amber in the story had been probed with a narrow candle, she had assumed something like this. Glancing over at the banana, the wooden spoon and the cucumber, she was not quite sure about the rest, but she was past worrying about it too much. She was tied up, quite well, and unable to really protest - unless she wanted to play the ‘Let’s Stop all This’ card.

Which she did not.

“Can I?” she heard Terrence ask, and she felt Tim’s prick brush against her thigh as he moved away. The carrot was dragged out and then pushed back in before being removed from inside of her and set down on the table. She waited, her body primed and ready for more, much more, and she almost gasped when she felt a slight poke as the end of a banana was slowly slid up and down her sex.

“You have to be careful and get the angle right. It’s harder than it sounds. Fingers are easy, they can feel everything.”

Tim almost sounded like a teacher, his matter of fact explanation of such a lewd act making her feel doubly aroused.

“Oh, uh huh” she heard Terrence say, and she turned to the other side to see Thomas standing there, slowly stroking his fat headed prick while he watched. No longer did he, at least, seem shy about enjoying himself while they were playing. The end of the banana moved a little, the angle changing, and she felt it slowly press inside of her, much, MUCH thicker than the carrot. She felt herself stretching, and even though she had tried it once with a banana herself, it was so different when someone else was doing the pushing in and out.

“Oh!” she half gasped, feeling the thick fruit slide inside of her another inch or so before being slid out again by her younger brother.

“Oh god, you can see inside a little”

“Yeah, fucking hot, fuck her some more ... make her ... yeah, make her cum if you can.”

“K, K”

Tia felt the banana move a little more forcefully, sliding in and out, turning carefully a bit from side to side as if to see if she would bend that way. She did. A little. The slick feel of the peel as it slid in and out of her was far different from their fingers, and she felt a pleasure pressure building as she pushed back eagerly, wanting more and more of the yellow fruit.

“God, look at her, look at her!” she heard Thomas say, and she looked at him again, watching as he slowly stroked his cock not more than a foot from her face. She had sucked a cock, kissed each of the pricks, even, and she knew he had to be thinking about that, the way he was looking at her face. The way they had tied her up made that idea impossible, though, and she wondered what else they had planned. It was clear they were not done with her.

Terrence was probing her well, and she could feel she was getting closer to a good cum, her favorite kind of cum all tied up and unable to touch herself - but she didn’t quite get there. Not until she felt his free hand slide over her oily bottom, press against her tiny butthole briefly, before sliding alongside the thrusting banana and up against her clit. As the dual assault of the banana and his oil slicked fingers continued, she felt an almost immediate escalation of her pleasure, and she began to moan and cry out her enjoyment.

“Oh! Oh! Oh shit, oh shit oh shit it’s ... so good, fuck Terrence ... so ... good, yes, please don’t, please don’t, please don’t stop I can’t ... I can’t handle, it, ... yes, oh fuck yes, yes, YES!”

“Damn, she can really fucking swear!”

“Do you blame her? Look at her, quivering and quaking in her ropes. It’s like it makes her cum even harder than normal. It probably does”

Tim and Terrence talking about her as she calmed down from her orgasm only made her submissive enjoyment of the whole situation that much deeper. She was just a naked, tied up little slut that needed to be played with. At least that’s what Katie said. And she was starting to think she was right.

Her vagina was suddenly empty again as Terrence moved away, and she heard Thomas moving in behind her. She felt his thick prick pressing against her thigh, and she could feel the dampness from the bits of his stuff that was oozing out. She jumped, startled, when she felt a sharp - though not really painful - slap on her bottom. He had grabbed the wooden spoon and was using it for a spanking!

“Ow! ... mmm”

‘Oh hush, it was not that hard,” he said, spanking her other cheek and making her hips move. As he continued, and she continued to move her hips to get away from the spanks, she kept feeling his prick pressing against first one thigh and then the other. He was close, far too close to her sex for her comfort, and she called out for him to stop.

“Hey ... stop ... stop a second ... I mean it!”

“S-sorry! Was it too hard? I thought ... after the story...”

‘No ... no, it’s not that, it’s just ... um ... you were getting kinda close ... you know...”

“Close?”

“Yeah ... with your penis...”

“Oh ... fuck ... sorry ... I was just”

“I know, it’s ok, I just um, you know...”

‘Yeah, god ... sorry. Um ... maybe ... let’s just stop for now, and watch a movie ... though you still have to make us the popcorn and stay naked and stuff!” Thomas sounded appropriately mortified, and Tia’s earlier nervousness fled as fast as it had arrived. As the trio untied her, she noticed them putting the cucumber away, though Thomas kept the wooden spoon, carrying it with him into the other room.

Tia stood, stretching her arms and scrunching her butt a few times until she felt more normal. Rubbing her bottom where he’d spanked her, she went to get the popcorn while Terrence removed the blanket and took the ropes away.

It was only a few minutes before she had filled two bowls with popcorn and headed into the TV room, noting they had pushed the furniture back into place. Terrence was sitting in the chair, and Thomas and Tim were on the couch, a spot in between them covered with a towel.

“See, we remembered to get you a towel!” Tim said, smirking a little as she flushed, well aware of what that insinuated about the evening’s planned activities. She had hoped for more of the delicious orgasms they had given her the last couple of times, and even though Terrence had gotten her started early and then she had cum again, she was more than eager to have more. She wanted lots. Lots and lots, she thought, blushing at her naughty thoughts. As she sat down, she noticed they had gotten dressed again, which was probably a good thing unless they got a lot more towels out - and that might be hard to explain in the laundry - and she sure did not want to add doing laundry to her list of activities on their one free night!

Tia handed one bowl to Terrence, and then sat down between her two older brothers, her skin tingling with goosebumps as she brushed against their jeans. She held out the second bowl to each of them, holding onto it when they both shook their heads ‘No’. As the movie began, she took a bite of popcorn, pleased to feel a hand on each of her knees. As each hand stroked and played with her knee and upper thigh, she began to feel that pleasant warmth all over again. She tried again to offer them some popcorn, but it seemed they had other uses for their hands. She felt them pulling on her knees, and soon she found her legs being pulled to each side, gently but firmly, and her body leaning back as they spread wide her legs between their laps, their hands darting unerringly in towards her still damp center.

“Ohmmmmm,” she moaned softly as she felt two hands stroking her thighs, brushing along her damp lips, toying with her clit and her sex. She glanced over at Terrence and saw that he was not missing a beat, glancing between the movie on the tv screen and the much more pornographic movie playing out on the couch.

As she lay back and let two of her brothers touch her at the same time, she realized she could hear her phone ringing in the other room. It stopped, but then repeated, and she knew she’d have to say something.

“Oh fuck, I forgot to talk to Katie about tomorrow. Do you want to let me up?”

“No. Terrence, go grab her phone and answer it, hmm?” Tim’s hand held firm on her nearside leg, keeping her from getting up.

“Ok”

Tia leant back, squirming a little as Thomas took that moment to slide a finger deep inside of her, wiggling it as she rocked a bit on top of his finger.

“Oh, um, it’s facetime ... do you want me to call her back normal?”

“No, um, just, keep it on my face, she won’t know...” Tia answered, her mind already imagining what Katie would insist she do.

“God, really? Is this another one of your games? You want to be dangerous like this?”

Tia shrugged, unwilling to tell them that Katie had insisted she facetime. Katie was making sure she knew exactly what was going on with Tia and her brothers.

Tia pulled her legs down a little, though her brothers did not really let her cover up, and she kept the popcorn bowl strategically placed just in case Terrence lowered the phone. She smiled, trying to act normal as Terrence moved in front of them, pointing the phone at her face and making it clear he was not doing anything inappropriate.

“Hey!”

“Oh, there you are! I’ve been calling and calling!” Katie’s voice was bubbly and excited.

“I know, I figured, I mean, I heard it.” Tia replied.

“So ... are you having fun tonight?”

“Yes...” Tia said, slowly, trying to hide her reaction as Tim’s fingers slid along her slick opening.

“Oh, you guys watching a movie or something? I see the couch”

“Yeah, the guys are here,” Tia said, nodding at Terrence to have him show Tim and Thomas sitting next to her.

“Don’t you guys look cosy! So cosy!” Katie gently teased.

“Um, yeah, I guess.”

“So. Are you?” she asked.

“Am I what?”

“You know! Don’t make me say it.”

“I don’t know what you are talking about.” Tia played dumb, knowing quite well what Katie wanted, but it was fun to draw it out.

“Are you playing that game again?” Katie sounded a little exasperated.

“Oh. No.”

“No?”

“No. It’s over.” Tia said, shrugging a little. The knowledge that she was sitting, naked and spread-legged while pretending it was all normal made her tingle inside.

“Oh ... but then, if I remember, you are probably still...”

“Yeah.” Tia admitted

“Oh goody, show me!” Katie insisted.

“What?” Tia was still playing dumb. Drawing it out.

“You know you want to. Terrence, show me. Tia, tell him it’s ok. Tell him it’s more than ok!”

“Terrence, it’s, um, ok. I sorta told her about some of this.” Tia finally admitted, knowing this was where it was headed all along.

“Oh god, if you are sure” Terrence asked, still holding the phone pointed at her face.

Tia nodded.

“There you are ... nice and nakey. Someone sure likes to be nakey, don’t they!”

Tia blushed as she saw Terrence showing her nudity to Katie.

“Oh, you must get rid of that popcorn. Right now!”

“Oh god, Katie!” Tia protested, but handed the bowl to Tim, who quickly set it on the tabletop. Her whole body was exposed now. It was clear her brothers were seated by her while she was completely naked.

“Oh god, you little slut! I can see your pussy! You are showing off your spread open pussy to all three of your brothers? Are you for real!???” Katie teased

“God, Katie ... you knew that...”

“I know. I just love teasing you. And you love it too, I can just tell.”

Tia blushed, holding still while her brother’s hands again stroked her thighs, moving closer and closer to her sex.

“God, look at you. You are letting them touch you like a little slut. What else have you been doing? Did you let them tie you up again?”

“You told her that?” Thomas sounded more than a little shocked at Tia’s disclosure.

“Sorry, um, yeah, i had to ask someone about all of this. I trust her more than anyone else,” Tia said, turning to Thomas and to Tim before answering Katie.

“Yes, they did.”

“And did they touch you?” Her friend continued to probe, enjoying the way it made Tia squirm.

“Yes.”

“And...” Katie prompted.

“And what?” Tia said, her face flush, unwilling to just blurt things out.

“Did you cum?”

“Oh god, you told her that too?” Thomas again interjected, shaking his head in shock.

“Yes. Oh god, yes.”

“Yeah, but that’s not all!” Terrence said, butting into the conversation.

“Oh? Do tell!” Katie’s voice seemed to jump with excitement.

Tia looked up and pleaded with Terrence, not sure she wanted Katie to know everything. He looked from her to Tim and Thomas and back again before speaking.

“She, um, played with us.” Terrence said after a moment, sealing Tia’s doom.

“Played with you?”

“Yeah, our dicks...”

“You little slut! Guess getting tied up and being made to cum was not enough? You are now playing with their pricks?”

“Sorry, it just, you know, happened,” Tia said, feeling that familiar heat rush up and down her torso.

“Oh, don’t be sorry. It’s making me feel so naughty myself. Not that I’d ever let my brothers know, if I had any. You, though! I bet you just love them knowing how much you like to be naked.”

“She’s told you that, right? She loves to be naked. And to be tied up and made to cum, she told me all about it”. Katie turned her comments to Tia’s brothers, talking about her in front of her.

“Yeah, we sorta figured, though, she did not say all of that, just that she liked to be tied up. Naked. “ Tim’s hand had reached between Tia’s legs again and was slowly sliding a finger up and down her slit while they talked.

“Ooh, she looks flushed, what’s going on below? Show me. I dare you to let him show me, Tia”

Tia shuddered, her legs parting further as Thomas’s hand joined Tim’s, the two of them toying with her wet slit, sliding a finger in and out, and sometimes up to circle her clit. She nodded at Terrence, and watched his eyes go wide as he ran the camera over her nude body, showing Katie that both of her brothers had their hands in the cookie jar, so to speak.

“Oh, damn, you are a horny little thing, aren’t you? Look at you, we can see everything. Every. Thing!” Tia felt a heat washing over her as Katie talked about what she was doing. Somehow, having her watch and comment was even more arousing than just doing it. Not that having Tim and Thomas touching her was not exciting, far from it. But Katie’s commentary was making it more ... something.

“Hey! didn’t you guys say she was touching you too? She’s not doing her job now, is she? I mean, unless you don’t really want her to?” Katie said through the phone, her voice sounding much like it had last week. Lower. Aroused. Tia could tell her friend was enjoying this, likely touching herself on her end of the phone, much like Tia was being touched.

“No.I guess, I mean, I don’t mind ... Do you Thomas?”

“Fuck no!” he said, and immediately went to undo his pants.

“No ... make her do it. Make her show you all how eager she is. I want to see just how much of a little slut she is for her brothers.”

“Katie!”

“Do it. Tee-Tee, do it!”

Tia swallowed what little resistance she had and turned to use two hands to undo Thomas’s jeans, easily parting them and reaching beneath his underwear for his prick. She looked up to see Terrence following her with the phone, and as she pulled Thomas’s cock out, stroking it, she felt a flush of erotic embarrassment rush through her.

“Oh god, oh god, oh god” she said, softly, turning to Tim and repeating her action, his prick sliding out and into the open as easily as Thomas’s had. Finished, she sat back, and with only a brief pause, she looked right at the phone and reached out with each hand to stroke their pricks. Her brother’s hands returned to her body, Tim taking some time to play with her nipples for a while before joining Thomas between her legs. Like before, it was not long before they pulled her legs wide, splitting her open, cradling her knees in their laps while they slid their fingers around and inside of her wet sex. Her hands kept in constant motion, sliding up and down their respective pricks, and she kept squirming under their attack, getting more and more worked up as she ‘performed’ for the four of them.

“Holy fuck, that’s nasty. Look at you. Playing with both of them. You did all of them though, right? Not just Tim and Thomas?”

Tia groaned as she answered “Yes, of course...” She looked up at Terrence and the phone again and saw him inching forward. Pulling her hands away from Tim and Thomas’s shafts, she reached forward and rubbed the front of Terrence’s pants. “It would be rude to play favorites,” she said before she undid his pants as well and pulled his long, slender cock out for a quick stroke or two.

Tia sat back, once again grabbing both of her two older brothers’ pricks and stroking them faster, her hips moving a little as Thomas slid his fingers inside of her at the same time Tim was squeezing and releasing her nipple. The dual sensations were driving her nuts, and she felt her hands reflexively grasping their pricks harder and stroking faster.

“Damn that’s hot. I mean, nasty, so nasty!”

Tia was riding a wave of pleasure, giving herself over to her brother’s touch when she felt Thomas begin to push her towards Tim. She turned to look at him, curious, and saw him nodding at her hand on Tim’s dick and back to her face. “Like before.”

Tia’s eyes got wide, though she was not totally surprised. She just never imagined doing it while Katie was watching. She didn’t move for a moment, her hands continuing to slide up and down their cocks, until Thomas whispered, “I will make you cum so hard while you do it. I promise.” The thought of cumming in front of all of them while playing with one of their cocks was enough to get Tia’s imagination running overtime, and she did not hesitate when Thomas pushed on her again. She turned and slowly lowered her head to Tim’s lap, pulling her hand free from Thomas’s prick and running it up Tim’s thigh to join her other hand. As she moved lower and lower, she closed her eyes briefly, surprised at what she was doing, only to open her eyes again as she got next to his hard cock. Not looking up, not looking at Terrence, or Tim, or back at Thomas, she opened her mouth and took the head of his prick into her mouth, intending to do much more than a quick lick. She wanted to make him shoot off like Terrence had earlier. Moaning a little, she took a bit more of him into her mouth, feeling how warm and thick it was. She felt her legs being moved and her body being turned. She found herself on her stomach, mostly; her elbows keeping her from falling onto the couch as they pulled her hips onto Thomas’s lap, her thigh pressing against his bare cock. Shortly after, his hand was sliding up between her thighs, and he began to work his fingers back inside of her.

“Jesus Fuck, look at you! You ... damn I don’t know what to say, but don’t you dare stop!”

Tia had no intention of stopping. Not now. She knew, once she had sucked on Terrence earlier, that each of her brothers was going to want the same thing. And she did too. Each of them was different, Terrence’s narrow quivering prick, Thomas’s thick headed shaft, and the one she was coming to consider as ‘normal’, a long thick prick that was currently in her hand and mouth. The taste was barely there, but she could feel when he dribbled a little something. It tasted a lot better than when Terrence had erupted. It was almost sweet. Maybe it was all going to taste like that, she thought, feeling his prick swell in her mouth as she sucked on it some more. She could feel Thomas’s hand between her thighs, and it was only a moment before he had spread her legs rather lewdly and was sliding two, or maybe even three, fingers deep inside of her totally dripping wet channel. She turned to look for the phone camera, and saw that Terrence had pulled the chair over and was sitting on it, still showing Katie everything. He had left his prick exposed, and she saw him stroke it from time to time while he watched the three of them. It seemed a lot of the shyness was going by the wayside with him, and the others, she thought as she jumped a little from Thomas’s firm thrust of his fingers.

Tia could hear Tim moan, and his hips began to move a bit more under her, pushing his cock up as she sucked on him. Assuming he was getting close, she sucked harder, trying to get her mouth tight around him as she bobbed up and down, her tongue sliding around the side and over the top of his shaft. Her own hips were pressing up and back against Thomas’s fingers, which felt like he was definitely sliding three of them inside of her judging by the way she felt stretched, and the sensations she got when he rotated his fingers from side to side. She moaned deep and gutturally around Tim’s shaft when she felt Thomas pull his fingers out, spreading her juices around before slamming back, his thumb now pressed against her bottom, pressing on her small opening in time with his thrusting fingers. Groaning, pushing herself back eagerly onto Thomas’s hand, she slid her lips down as far as she could and sucked Tim’s prick, feeling it suddenly swell at the top and before she could pull up, his semen was shooting into her mouth. As he shot into her, and she pulled up a little, she felt Thomas’s fingers speeding up inside of her, and his thumb slipped inside the ring of her bottom and she felt a fullness that was disturbing and incredibly kinky/erotic at the same time. Her mind was screaming at the intensity of it all, though she could say nothing until she pulled free of Tim’s prick, her mouth sucking all the way up as she finally gasped out her own pleasure, cumming as Thomas’s fingers and thumb probed and turned inside of her.

“Oh god, oh god oh god” she wailed, her hips bucking against Thomas’s hand, her own hand still holding Tim’s prick, which had not finished ejaculating. More of his stuff shot out, a few spurts flying up to her face as she continued to cum, while most of what was left oozed up and over her the head of his prick, quickly getting spread out as her hand continued to stroke his shaft. Over and over she bucked in Thomas’s lap, continuing to cry out and cum as he kept on fingering her. Finally, she begged for him to stop. “Enough ... enough ... oh god...” she cried, gasping again when he sent one last thrust in and stopped there, his fingers no longer torturing her, but no longer moving either. She squeezed with all of her inner muscles, the sensations intense as she slowly came down, slowly realized where she was, slowly realized she had boy cum all over her chin and neck, and all over her sticky hand.

“Goddamn Tee-Tee, you are even sluttier than you told me. I know they are all going to want some more of you, so I will let you go. But you have to tell me all about it tomorrow at my sleepover. And if you leave anything out, I think I will get some lessons on punishing you from your brothers. You hear me?”

Tia nodded, still warm and replete after her orgasm. “Yes, of course, I will tell you ... um, I’ll see you later, ok?” She looked at the phone and smiled, knowing how she must look before the others all said bye and Terrence put her phone down. She felt her brothers helping her to sit up, but only for a moment, as they pushed her onto the floor and turned her to face Thomas’s large throbbing erection. “Oh god, I’m so fucking hard. You have to do me now” she heard him say as he held himself up for her.: Katie Has Questions

