Jared is just clocking out when he hears the door open. He turns around to see Jensen storming into the staff house. His shirt is streaked with mud, his hair is mussed, his green eyes are dark and flashing with anger, and Jared has never seen anything so hot in his life.

"Goddamn fucking falcon," Jensen mutters, and that's all he gets out before Jared grabs him by the shirt and yanks him forward for a kiss. Jensen gives in for only a second before pulling away. "Not here," he breathes, taking hold of Jared's wrist and half-dragging him up the stairs. When they get to the top, he shoves Jared into the bedroom and slams the door shut.

"God you look hot," whispers Jared.

"I've got ten minutes," replies Jensen. He grasps the bottom of Jared's shirt and yanks it over his head, then pulls down Jared's shorts and shoves Jared down on the single bed.

Jared unbuckles Jensen's belt and tosses it aside, then undoes Jensen's zipper and frees his half-hard cock. Jensen kisses a trail down Jared's neck to the junction of his shoulder, where he sucks in the delicate skin and bites down hard enough to leave a mark. Jared grunts and squeezes the base of Jensen's cock in response, which brings both him and Jensen to full hardness. Jensen shoves a hand under Jared's waistband and Jared slides his hand up under Jensen's shirt. After Jensen releases Jared's stiff, leaking cock from his boxers, Jared brushes Jensen aside and fists both their cocks in his own massive hand.

Jensen moans and nuzzles against Jared's neck as Jared jacks both their dicks with a strong, sure grip. Jensen thrusts his hips and digs his teeth into Jared's shoulder, which just makes Jared go faster. "Fuck, yeah," Jensen gasps. "Just like that."

Jared moves his free hand to Jensen's chest and tweaks an already-hard nipple. Jensen groans deep in his throat and Jared can feel the vibration on his collarbone. Next thing he knows, he's coming all over his bare chest. Jensen rolls off so he doesn't stain his uniform further. Jared fishes around for his discarded t-shirt and wipes himself off. Then he straddles Jensen and wraps his lips around Jensen's thick, heated cock. He flicks his tongue over the slit and Jensen gasps and bucks his hips. Jared licks a trail around the sensitive ridge and then takes as much of Jensen's length as he can into his mouth. He lets Jensen set the pace, then after a minute or so he slips a finger behind Jensen's balls. Jensen thrusts hard into the back of Jared's throat and comes a moment later. Jared hadn't planned on swallowing, but he's not left with much choice, so he chokes it down and releases Jensen's cock.

Jared collapses on Jensen's chest and throws one arm over him. "You're amazing," he breathes, not caring that he sounds like a girl.

"So are you," replies Jensen. He raises his arm and looks at his watch. "Four minutes."

"I wish you didn't have to go back to work."

"I know." Jensen kisses Jared's forehead. "But I have to pimp the zoo to a bunch of screaming rugrats."

"You love kids and you know it."

"Whatever." Jensen nudges Jared's chin with his shoulder so he can kiss him properly. "Why don't you come back after close? We can go on the Kissing Tower and traumatize the Mennonites."

Jared presses his lips to Jensen's jaw, careful not to exert enough pressure to leave a mark. "Sounds like a plan."

Jensen gets up and fixes his uniform as best he can. "I think I'm gonna see if they'll let me go to Wardrobe and get a new shirt before I go to Midway." He tosses Jared his abandoned clothes. "Wait ten minutes and then leave. And try not to look like you just had sex."

Jared mock-salutes. "Yes, sir."

Jensen smirks. "I could get used to that." He ruffles Jared's hair. "See you later."

Jared changes back into his uniform and goes into the bathroom to make sure he doesn't look too debauched. He washes his hands and face and straightens his shirt, then goes downstairs to the break room and buys a soda.

"What are you still doing here?" asks Julie. Jared starts; he hadn't realized anyone else was around.

"Oh, uh... I was talking to Sam, before," he lies. "And I wanted to get a drink before I went back out in the heat."

She nods. "You better get out of here before Kripke ropes you into an extra shift."

Jared laughs. "Okay, see you tomorrow."

When he gets home, his mother is sitting in the living room. "How was work?" she asks.

"Pretty good," he replies, waiting until he's on the stairs to break into a huge grin.

By the time Independence Day rolls around, all the new employees have pretty much settled into their basic routines. Jared can't believe how well all the employees at the zoo, from the orange tags in Foods up to the blue tags and interns, get along with one another. Gabe said that he and the orange tags from Foods and Retail went through the Park together after closing a couple of times, and Alona mentioned a girls-only trip to Hooters.

When Alona comes to the bridge to relieve Julie, she asks them if they have plans for the night.

"No, why?" says Jared.

"We always go up on the hill and watch the fireworks together," Alona answers. "We usually bring sodas and snacks and stuff and sit on blankets. You in?"

"Definitely," replies Jared. "I think I open that day, should I just meet you guys here at closing?"

"Yeah, we usually carpool over. You have a truck, right? You think you could fit a few people in the back?"

"Sure," Jared replies. "No problem."

Alona grins. "Awesome!" She turns to Julie. "What about you?"

Julie shakes her head. "My parents and I go to City Island for theirs."

"Okay." Alona takes the hand counter from Julie. "Send Tom up in an hour." Julie nods and goes down to the shop.

When Jared's shift ends, he goes down to the cafe to grab a snack before Jensen's performance. He's doing the 5:30 reptile show on the patio. It's not really a big production, just him talking about a couple of snakes, a turtle, and two of the smaller lizards.

Tristan and Jensen's admirer Danneel are at the counter, which is a relief for Jared because Sandy will not stop hitting on him. He told her he was involved with someone and she backed off some, but she seems determined to have him one way or another. It's a little scary.

Jared gets a pretzel and a soda and sits down at the table closest to the deer. Sirloin, the buck, is lying down in the tall grass with the younger doe, Fillet, and Venison is drinking out of the trough. Jim walks by, carrying a net on a long pole that Jared's not sure he wants to know the purpose of, and Jared waves to him.

After he finishes his pretzel, he heads down to feed the ducks, just for something to do. There's a stroller parked on the platform; a tow-headed toddler takes the corn from his father's hand in his chubby little fingers and flings it into the creek. The female ducks paddle around and leisurely pick up the kernels as they drift on the current. Jared gets a handful of corn from the machine and goes to the opposite side of the bridge, where two mallards are flapping around the tiny waterfall. He tosses the corn into the water and watches the mallards splash after it.

He hears a motor and turns to see Jensen and another intern, Lauren, on a Cushman cart loaded with cages and carriers. They're deep in conversation, so Jensen doesn't notice him. Jared waits a few minutes and then follows the cart's path to the patio. The cages and carriers are lined up on the side of the wooden patio.

Jared steps onto the patio. "Hey."

Jensen looks up and smiles that brilliant, blinding smile. "I thought you left."

"Well, you know, I thought I'd stick around and watch you embarrass yourself," Jared teases.

"I don't know, you think you can handle seeing all those big, scary snakes?" replies Jensen.

"I'll try to play it cool."

Jensen laughs. "You'll just be screaming like a girl on the inside, then?"

"Exactly." Jared grins. "Oh, hey, did they tell you about the fireworks?"

"No. What about them?"

"Apparently everybody goes as a group to the top of the hill across the street to watch the fireworks after closing," says Jared. "I already told Alona I'd take some people in my truck."

"Then I guess I'm going," replies Jensen with a grin. "I do get shotgun, right?"

Jared smirks. "Only if you put out."

Instead of laughing or sassing back, Jensen looks around frantically. "Jesus, keep it down."

"What? There's no guests around," says Jared, frowning.

Jensen relaxes a little. "You can't say stuff like that when families could be walking by."

"You're right," says Jared. He hadn't thought about that, but Jensen has a point--if someone complains to Kripke, he could write them up, and that wouldn't look good for Jensen at all. "Sorry."

Jensen smiles, but it's only a shadow of his regular thousand-watt smile. "It's okay. Just think next time, okay?"

"Sure." Jared checks his watch. It's 5:15, the patio will be filling up soon. "So, that's a yes on the fireworks, right?"

"Of course," answers Jensen, smiling a little wider.

That night after closing, Jared ends up driving Dustin, Tristan, Gabe, and Chad along with Jensen over to the hill in front of the hotel. They have to park at the Gardens and walk over, but none of them mind. Jared brings his Penn State blanket for him and Jensen to sit on.

"Hey, you made it!" says Tom when they join the group. Jared grins and spreads his blanket out next to the one occupied by Tom and a cute brunette whom Tom introduces as his girlfriend Jamie. On his other side, Alona, Danneel, Sandy and Katie are sprawled out on a plaid wool blanket painting each other's toenails and giggling over an issue of Cosmopolitan. Dustin immediately heads for the girls but Chad cuts him off and sends him further down the hill with Tristan and Gabe and a couple of bags of chips. Michael's stretched out on a blanket behind Tom with one of the volunteers; between his blanket and Tom's is a big blue cooler and some more snacks--popcorn, tortilla chips, and pretzels. "Help yourself to whatever. There's soda and water in the cooler."

"Good, I'm starving," says Jensen, grabbing the bag of popcorn. "Doing the 5:30 show totally fucks up my schedule."

"Aww, poor baby," says Jared, pulling a couple of cans of Coke out of the cooler. "You have such a tough life."

Jensen flips him off and rips open the bag of popcorn. Jared sits down beside him and grabs a handful of popcorn for himself. He can hear the girls snickering about an article entitled "First-Time-Sex Bloopers" (apparently, it is possible to be so small that the girl doesn't even know he's in her) and he can hear the volunteer--Alexis, he thinks her name is--giggling in a high, breathy voice. Jared doesn't think he wants to know what Michael is saying (or more likely doing) to prompt that kind of response.

"You work tomorrow?" asks Jensen.

"1:30 to close," Jared answers. "You?"

"8:30 to 4:00." Jensen gestures for Jared to open his mouth and tosses a piece of popcorn into it. Jared laughs. "I feed the otters at 11:00, if you wanted to come by a little early. You could grab us lunch from Minetown and we can eat in the staff house." Jensen arcs another kernel into Jared's mouth. "That is, if you're not busy."

"It's Sunday morning. What would I be doing?" Jared lobs a piece of popcorn to Jensen. "Going to confession to save my poor corrupted soul? I think it's a little late for that."

Jensen grins. "I hope you're not trying to insinuate that I had a hand in that."

"That's what he said," Jared replies with a smirk.

Jensen sighs and rolls his eyes. "You are such a bad influence."

"Me? I'm not the one with the dirty mind," Jared protests.

"So it wasn't you who jumped me in the staff house two weeks ago?" Jensen raises an eyebrow. "Sure looked like you. You must have an evil twin."

"You weren't complaining then," retorts Jared.

"We weren't in public then."

Jared narrows his eyes. "Dude, these are our friends. They're not gonna care."

"You don't know that." Jensen sits up, a serious look on his face. "I don't know about you, but I don't want the last six weeks to be awkward and weird."

Jared frowns. "I don't care what people think. I'm happy and I don't want to have to hide how I feel about you."

"You don't know what it's like," argues Jensen. "Sometimes the people you think will be the most supportive turn out to be the biggest assholes."

"So what, I'm your dirty little secret?" Jared scowls and crosses his arms. "You gotta keep up that All-American boy image. Because no one would respect you if they found out you take it up the ass, right?"

Jensen narrows his eyes. "This is neither the time nor the place for this conversation," he says in a perfectly even undertone.

Jared stands up. "Well, let me know when it is." He starts walking toward the Gardens.

"Jared, wait!" Jensen hurries after him. Jared doesn't stop until he's sure they're out of the group's earshot.

"What?" Jared's voice is flat, his face expressionless.

"Please don't run away," says Jensen quietly. "We can talk about this. Not here, not now, but I promise we will work this out."

"There's nothing to work out," Jared replies. "You're ashamed of this. Of me. And I can't be with someone who feels that way." He takes a step backwards. "Find your own ride home." He turns around and starts for the parking lot. Jensen calls after him weakly but Jared keeps going.

Jared climbs into his truck and rests his head on the steering wheel. "Fuck."