Somehow the dance floor shifted, morphing into a glob of human flesh. It was becoming its own entity, shielding any chance of Justin making it toward Brian and Michael. Two failed attempts to enter the crowds caused him to lose sight of their heads bent together. When he did find them again, strange men kept coming at him. Caressing his body, touching his most sensitive parts. They wanted him to pick or choose them for the next song or a quick fuck in the backroom, but he was intent on one thing . 

Brian and Michael were getting lost in the shuffle of male bodies. The window of opportunity for Justin to interrupt them was passing. Brian was wrapping his arm around Michael's neck and shoulders, whispering something close to the tiny ear. Michael nodded, chuckling deeply, his eyes opening and closing in secret pleasure.

They headed off the dance floor in even steps. One not following the other, but side-by-side.

At one point, someone had jolted Michael from his position and out of sheer instinct he pulled away from Brian. But, immediately, the young man was apologizing for aggressively dancing into Michael's way; he was wiping the water he sloshed on the soft shirt. Brian never let go of Michael's hand. In fact, when Michael pulled away... he snagged the small waist about the left hip, holding Michael to his chest. He snickered at a few words Michael had spoken to the young man, then nuzzled the pale neck near his face.

They were moving toward the backroom. Brian's hands were around Michael's hips, walking behind him. But then they walked beside one another again. They strolled through, arms tight about each other, gazing around them. The backroom seemed darker, the fucking more intense, the sucking more noisy and the orgasms nearly volcanic.

All these years, Michael had been down here for several different reasons. Usually to find Brian, before he left or to see how much longer he would be forced to wait before leaving. Once-in-a-great-while he had liked picking a quiet corner, rucking up his shirt hem and sticking his hands down his jeans to jerk himself off before he went to look for Brian. Sometimes there would be enough darkness, and drunkenness, to make him look appealing. That's when Michael would let men do anything, except fuck him. When he was younger, he had never wanted to find himself needing to fuck in the backroom, but as he grew older he didn't mind it as much. As long as the guy thrusting in him kept it fully anonymous and refrained from touching or kissing him in some loving manner, like they were suddenly boyfriends. He had simply wanted to do up his jeans and leave. Michael had been able to withstand fucking in the backroom if he could conjure up the fact it was Brian behind him, plunging in and out of him. It only worked a few random times, before he couldn't stand it anymore. Without having the real thing, it simply wasn't worth the emotional sacrifice he suffered.

Brian Kinney practically lived down here. Not only was Babylon like a "home", the backroom was his quasi-bedroom... his playroom. He never stayed too long upstairs before he had to venture down below. He was game for most everything any gay heart desired, within reason. He liked the power it gave him, the draw and the energy he felt permeating the wide open spaces. He recalled his first day here, patrolling with Michael. How they had stared rudely, getting hard and then trying to masturbate in some seedy private corner. They had found that wasn't such a good thing to do, especially the waiting. They discovered that once the sex was over, so was their chance at an orgasm. So they would find that secluded "corner", face one another, foreheads meshing, nervous and clammy hands down each others' jeans... and they would make the other cum. They didn't do this often, because Michael became shy and introverted when it came to sex. Mostly, he was trying to protect his heart; Brian simply needed Michael there.

The first time Brian had wandered into the backroom without Michael, he was scared. Not scared enough to run away from sex, but it never felt the same without his best friend guiding him through. His first couple of times experiencing sex in the backroom he had allowed men to suck him, had allowed them to fuck him and had given a few blowjobs, as well. But he had a difficult time ejaculating without feeling dirty or guilty, like he was committing an evil sin. So... he had begun to close his eyes and had imagined Michael doing the things that had been done to him. Brian had discovered he could cum harder than he ever thought; the men loved it. The first man who had wanted to take Brian, from behind, looked like an older version of Michael. Well, dark hair and pale skin, which had turned Brian on. That was enough for him without really being Michael.

Thus had became the trend for Brian. The reason why he always stared for long periods of time at men he was preying on. He was trying to find an aspect of Michael so he could stomach the encounter and find a comforting release. On the odd occasion he had chosen someone randomly, and he couldn't find "Michael"... he had closed his eyes, losing himself in that long ago memory of Michael's hands down his jeans, stroking him... adding more fantasy where he actually was fucking him. Brian had been guaranteed to cum then, but never apologized if he had happened to call out Michael's name in the process.

Brian and Michael looked around to scope out the scene, attempting to notice areas that were available that fit both their criteria. Brian was looking for the utmost privacy, no one else around. Michael was looking for the specific backdrop, from his fantasy. Nothing else would do, unless Brian disagreed. Michael knew he had seen this portion of the backroom that had infested his dreams once before. Damn, if he could place it now. Brian saw something almost as soon as Michael was about ready to give up, crossing his arms and pouting. He was even ready to drop his jeans and let Brian have him right on the floor, frustration overruling passion.

"C'mon..." Brian caught the beginnings of a pouty face. "I found a good spot." He was about to walk away when he realized Michael wasn't moving.

"Where?" Michael put up his hands in defeat. "I can't even see your face down here, much less a..." He felt his lips being taken, the familiar tongue dodging through his mouth, sampling his saliva. His heart raced at the surprising contact. It nearly swept him off his feet, before Brian caught him in his embrace. "That... was trippy. I felt you... I feel you... but I didn't know where you were..."

Not sparing an inch apart, Brian stared into Michael's eyes. "Do you trust me? Because I'll lead you over, if you trust me." His voice was hushed only for Michael's ears.

"I do... I do... I do..." Michael was beyond excited now.

"Stop bouncing on your feet."

"Why?"

"I like it when you do that. I can't see you that well. I want you to save all your actions for later." Brian turned himself to make like a two-man conga line. “Just between us.” He plastered Michael's hands on either side of his rib cage. "Don't let me go, Mikey. If anyone grabs you, kick 'em. I can't see too good behind me. The only way I know you're gone is if your hands aren't on me anymore."

"All right." Michael stuck himself to Brian's back. "I'm ready. Lead on, I'll follow."

Brian was determined to get to where he had found the spot. Not many people knew of it. They thought it was off limits, maybe because it was so difficult to get to. He knew of the area because he had spied one of the maintenance men fixing the underbelly of the stairs one night. The guy had been hot and completely fuckable... but Brian had stopped his instinct to pursue fucking the "help". They reached the flat of one solid wall, no laden with cum stains and sweat.

"Whew!" Michael fell off to the side, wiping an arm over his brow like they'd walked the desert. "That wasn't so bad."

"It's worse Fridays and Saturdays." Brian moved to lean on his back, resting beside Michael on the big wall. “Sundays... eh, not so much.”

Michael turned his head to look Brian in the face. A face he could actually see from the recessed light above their heads. "HI..." He waved, then cleared his throat. "Look... this won't be a regular thing for us. Maybe once a month, if that." He crossed arms over his chest, lone eyebrow raised.

Brian looked at Michael under his lowered lashes. "Are you making 'future' plans with me?"

Michael turned to lean on his left side facing Brian. "Yes. Sound fucked? I don't think we're doing this 'affair' thing all that well."

Brian lifted both eyebrows, a new thought in his mind. "Maybe it's not."

"What?"

"An affair. Maybe we say it's an 'affair' to give it some kind of name, but it's not really what it is." God... that even sounded peculiar to say, the way it had been in Brian's head..

"Then what do we call this... between us?"

"Brian and Michael : Better Than Ever."

"Nah... Brian and Michael : FULLY LOADED."

Brian cracked up laughing; his hazel eyes were sparkling hilarity at Michael. "Brian and Michael : Part Duex... Back In The Saddle."

"Eh... those were lame." Michael slid to conform his body with Brian's side. "Maybe this isn't even our 'sequel'. We're like The Original... but buffed and shiny, with better characterization and writing." He watched Brian lean his head back in some kind of pleasure, his long neck exposed to the lighting. Michael swiveled to face the solid wall. He rubbed it like it was a part of his lover's body. "Is this... where we're getting it on? Sorry... not impressed. Looks like a wall to me."

"Oh... ye of little faith." Brian winked, smirking as he snatched Michael's belt loops. He began tugging him, walking backwards. He was slinking them along the wall, coming up on a private nook... a secret corner under the tall metal staircase.

Up above, they could see the balcony risers of Babylon, the flashes of strobes and intense spotlights ricocheting off the structure around them.

"Damn... got our own little light show, too? Are we going Broadway Musical?" Michael felt the poking and tickling. "Hehehehe... it's perfect, Brian." He dragged Brian close. "... like you..." He stole a kiss and some air, for safekeeping.

"Look behind you..." Brian spun Michael around, hands on his hips as he slid them up and down Michael's thighs.

Michael grinned excitedly, lost in Brian's trance. He was looking at this decadent velvet fainting couch... or chaise lounge. What was it doing in Babylon? Straight out of the 18th century. But he blinked rapidly, his own breath catching. "This... is gonna sound eerie, but... everything... is similar to what was in my fantasy. But... my dreams don't have the fantastic special effects." He pointed up to the ceiling of light.

They heard a POP sound which meant that streamers and confetti were shooting from the ceiling over the dance floor. But what they didn't expect was that for the areas of the balcony, above them, long tails of white silk would stream from the rafters. Two of them fell right in their "spot". They backed up in fright, watching as their lounging couch became surrounded by a curtain of white, blocking out anyone trying to see in.

"Holy shit!" Michael shied away, huddling into Brian's chest.

Brian couldn't help laughing away his fright. "I was... uhm... I didn't plan that. I swear."

"It would have been such a bonus if you had, but you chose this spot. That means something." Michael swayed with Brian, backing up to slide his body along the white material. He cupped Brian's hips in the leather pants. "My fantasy has bigger spacial requirements."

"A closet would be bigger than this spot."

"After my rat incident... I'm not fitting closets into my fantasies any longer."

"You have closet fantasies, too??"

"Oh, yeah. Don't you?"

"No. I had bathroom stall fantasies."

"No. Not the same." Michael moved to lay down on the couch, bringing Brian with him, hovering over his form.

"Really?" Brian tilted his head in honest interest. Michael had such a quirky intellect, he loved to hear his views. "Cramped quarters... the fact someone could wander in on you..." 

Michael shook his head in disagreement. "Closet?... the door closes, there's four walls. A bathroom stall?... you're lucky if you have four complete walls and ... yikes... acoustic tiles. Plus... you know... toilet. Not that sexy."

"Something to sit on."

"Or fall into, if there's no lid." Michael quirked his mouth like he spoke from experience.

"Good point." Brian couldn't stop chuckling. “I change my mind."

"I'm boring you, aren't I?" Michael reached up to grab Brian's face, pulling it closer, making them nose to nose.

Brian bent to remain a millimeter from Michael's lips. "I love your mind. 'Sides... I already told you what we did earlier was enough for me. I don't need..."

Michael drew up his left leg to rest along the back of the couch, which brought his groin closer to Brian's stomach. "So... why are we here?" He tucked Brian's hair behind an ear.

"Because..."

"Yes...?"

"I've wanted you back here with me... like we were before." Brian rubbed their foreheads together. "But I didn't want you just as my 'wack' buddy... I wanted to fuck you..."

"Oh... is that all?" Michael chuckled, his dick hardening at the feel of Brian laying on him, hands sculpting his already tight jeans.

"Yeah... not so fancy in the fantasy, tame if you ask me."

"Well, Brian... you practically live here. I doubt I could really..." Michael wrapped his legs around Brian's waist, thrusting up toward the hard cock hidden under soft leather with ease. He found that having this cock ring around him, he became awful nimble and flexible. "... do anything to impress you... that you haven't seen or done before."

Brian lifted an eyebrow. "Oh... you think so...?" He would love to find out.

"Eh... maybe... why don't we try a few things my mind likes to create for us..."

"Oh... jesus..."

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Justin had wandered all over the upstairs of Babylon, in search of either Brian or Michael. Then just Michael because he might know where Brian went off to. He was geared for the backroom, his body throbbing with want. He knew who and what he needed, but not being able to find it was making him very, very perturbed. He padded his Khaki pants to make sure he had his condoms handy. He moseyed down the stairs, not even realizing he was walking over the very two people he was looking for. When he jumped off the last step, swinging around to face the bevy of men, he couldn't find a single one who looked like Brian.

Most noises down here drowned out with everything else. The club music muffled and the sounds of sex infiltrating the ear drums. But there was one distinct sound Justin kept hearing in the overlay of other noises. He went around the room, from one end to the other, searching for the individual making the sound. He was also hoping to catch Brian's arrival, if he hadn't come down yet. Whenever this happened, Justin would chose to start finding his own twink.

Didn't take too long for him to find a willing prey, either. Tall, like him... thick body, like Chris Hobbs... flat against the wall, face first. He was masturbating to the fucking going on nearby. Probably having lost the man who was supposed to take care of him. Jeans and boxers were halfway down to his mid-thighs. Justin approached with a fire in his eyes, immediately taking the young man's cock in his steady hand.

"Need some help with that?" Justin smirked, his blue eyes alight with the ability to make anyone younger than him feel conquered or overpowered. Brian had taught him well. Plus... maybe it was a good motivator to have a Hobbs look-a-like to cocktease and fuck into the wall until he screamed out his release. Justin's mind went off into some other realm of violent dominance.

"Yes... please..." The young man was cuter than Hobbs, passably adorable. A little frightened, but way past being simply horny. He was ready to orgasm with the right assistance. Not only was he interested in the stroking, he would thrust his naked ass backward... as if seeking fulfillment of another kind. Wanting cock and knowing that any cock would do... apparently.

Justin took his empty hand, rubbing the tight bubble butt. He slid his fingers over the red skin. Looked as if someone had spanked the young boy raw. He slipped down the sore crack, massaging the puckered hole. "Do you... want it?" His face came as close as he wanted it to be.

"Uhhhhhh... yes..." The jittery voice shook with desire, eyes closing in earnest lust.

"How bad?"

The young man gulped, sliding his clothes completely down past his knees, almost to his calves. He turned to face the wall again, his backside bumping Justin's groin, fitting him nicely while he was clothed. "Bad.. enough..." He cried out in a mournful moan as if he'd been waiting for his turn with the man fucking the other young man next to Justin.

Blue eyes caught black pupils, Justin smiled in understanding. It was as if the man was giving permission to "have" his second twink he had brought down from upstairs. Justin knew what he should do next, but as he unzipped, sliding his pants and underwear down his naked skin... he looked to his left. He wondered why so many guys were looking up, so he did too.

Hanging up above him, to the left, was a lengthy mirror dangling from the ceiling at an angle. Babylon's "interior decorator" trying to simulate mirrors over the bed. To give the "romantic" effect they wanted for the back room.

Justin could swear he saw a flash of Brian's hair, in the reflection above him. That beautiful face caught in orgasmic pleasure... but it was gone. He shook his head to clear his inebriated mind, then took out his first condom, ripping the packet open. He sheathed himself and prepared to penetrate the entrance, practically begging for him to slide in. But his want of Brian made him look up for another glimpse and what he saw... was Michael. That's when he spun around... and then heard that distinctive sound, from earlier, when he strolled in.

"Hey! Where you going?!" The young man begged as he breathed heavily, feeling more than rejected... a little exposed. "What'd I do wrong?!"

Justin was trapped, caught between finding Brian... finding Michael... or relieving his own pent up sexual needs for tonight. He seemed to gravitate toward finding Michael, even though they had that weird moment upstairs. He had actually felt like Michael might punch him in the face... certainly mega-weird on the weird scale. "Nothing... sorry. I just... have some business to take care of..."

"Cocktease!" The young man leaned weakly on the wall, finding that the black eyes of his friend's random lover were gazing down at his spread ass cheeks. He offered himself, hands pressed to the wall. He felt the fingers enter him, then looked over at his friend as he watched him get thoroughly fucked. He bent to kiss his friend's open lips, caught up in the sexual euphoria of the moment. His friend kissed him back and... they never stopped... Their mutual lover couldn't have been more pleased.

Justin was attempting to follow the noise, but he couldn't pick it up again as he wandered around. And he still couldn't see Brian or Michael anywhere. So... what was happening with these ceiling mirrors to catch where the two people were that he was looking for, but couldn't find with his own eyes? He found himself a pillar to lean on for balance, looking up to see yet another mirror, hanging from a similar angle. He stood there, waiting and sure enough... there was Brian. Justin turned to look in that same direction and couldn't see Brian's face. Raising his head to look into the mirror, blue eyes widened on Michael's face... the way he looked as if he was cumming and cumming in a spiraling climax.

But when Michael had disappeared before, this time his face stayed in the reflection. Justin didn't dare turn around or lose him, like he had lost Brian. So he watched Michael... he actually leaned against the post in the dark and watched Michael having one orgasm after another. His perfectly pale neck arching backward as his brown-haired lover attacked his throat and sucked at his nipples. Michael looked really... really hot and sexy. Justin shook his head, closing his eyes. Not capable of believing his cock could actually find someone like Michael that attractive. What he was witnessing was astounding. He never thought Michael capable of it. Especially with the gorgeous college professor to go home to.

He bit the inside of his mouth, curious as to where Michael was getting fucked to watch him and his mysterious lover. Justin chuckled because Brian was actually missing this... and he would probably be pissed. Then he heard it again... that strange noise, but it wasn't weird anymore. He could finally identify the sound.

"Giggles?" Justin shook his head in wild wonderment. Who giggles while they're fucking? He glanced up into the mirror to see if maybe he could spot Brian again, but it was only more of Michael. This time... Michael was bare chested, walking backward toward the wall behind him. His long pale, dark-haired legs visible in between the white sheets from the ceiling. He almost threw himself against the wall, his mysterious lover charged at him. The man sank lower, down the flat chest to dip his face in dark pubic hair. Michael's fingers threaded through the brown sweat-drenched locks, then they clamped down on creamy shoulders.

Michael was certainly getting a decent blowjob, Justin was very impressed. The man spun Michael around to face the wall, pinning him by just one hand, trailing the other one along Michael's entire frame. The man's ass was naked, as well, which suggested pretty soon Michael would be getting fucked. God, Justin wished he could view more, but between the odd reflection and those stupid white dangling sheets, he couldn't help but get an obstructed view.

Justin sighed, thinking Brian must have left or got bored... like he was becoming. Maybe Brian was upset that he couldn't find Michael once he had gotten lucky. Justin would be tickled to break the news that Michael was... uhm, happily being entertained.

"Hey! Blondie! You gonna use that thing! Or leave it out to get harder and harder?"

Justin followed the finger pointing at his groin to find out that he had been so wasted and excited... he had forgotten to put himself back in his pants. He still had the condom on, as well. "You got a use for it?" He almost didn't care now, just wanting desperately to cum and leave.

"First of all..." The beefy hand came out to grab Justin lightly about the throat and deposited him in the new position. "... I'd put you here... and then do this..."

Justin was pushed back against the wall, watching the older man sink to his knees. He was willing to suck him through the rubber. As he grabbed onto the guy's head, filtering through his short crew cut, Justin raised unfocused baby blues to find Brian standing not too far from him. He was unaware of Justin being down here. "Hey! Bri-..." He stopped, not even able to hear his own voice much less be sure Brian could.

"Will you quit it!! Come on... we don't have much time!" Brian sounded as if he was slightly agitated with his companion. But who would he know that well down here that he could talk that way with?

"Okay... Okay..." Michael was hefting his tight jeans back up his naked ass, jumping up and down to get them just right without damaging his sensitive skin. "Okay! Whew!" He was simply satisfied with getting them up and over his fat ass. "I am never wearing these jeans again for as long as I live! By the way..." He tried to twist and contort his body to fit his still hard cock inside.

Justin's jaw dropped.

Brian tugged Michael close, doing some kind of quick magic trick that saved Michael's dick from harm and zipped him up. "You aren't doing that! No! I'm keeping them in my special drawer of all our old clothes... and we will dress in them whenever one of us asks." He bent down for a sweet kiss, sliding along Michael's cheek to his ear. "How many condoms do we have left?"

Justin's eyes went wide. They sounded almost like two teenagers in love, giggling and poking one another. And they wouldn't stop touching each other.

"Four or five. I think one might need a factory recall notice."

"Damn! Well... we'll pick up more on our way out."

"Don't you have any at the Loft?"

"Yeah... sure. But..." Brian lowered his head to touch forehead to forehead with Michael, a little more friendlier than usual. More like a treasured lover. "I was wondering if you ever had any fantasies of... uhm, alleyway sex... Brian's Jeep sex... or Brian's creepy-elevator-sex (as it's in motion)...?"

Who was this Brian Kinney? Sure didn't sound like him... like a, uh... boyfriend... eager to "get it on" with his... "boyfriend". Justin had never heard that particular voice, never even knew Brian was capable of it. 

"Oh, my... I've begun the avalanche to my own debauchery..."

Brian snatched Michael's hand, pulling him close. "As long as no one cares... or knows what we're doing... you... are mine until I'm done with you..." He ran his free hand through Michael's sweaty locks; Michael turned his face to bite the forearm that was caressing him.

It was pretty clear they both were on fire for one another.

Michael grabbed the back of Brian's head, forcing hazel eyes to stare into his passion-filled brown ones. "You... will never be done with me, Kinney. You know it. Just like that flimsy one night crock of bullshit."

"You are soooooo right." Brian let Michael play rough with him, stealing kisses and breath. "C'mon... let's go dirty my sheets some more without being filmed."

"Oh, yeah?" Dark eyebrow lifted, Michael smirked as if he had some deep, dark secret to divulge.

Justin couldn't help but close his eyes the minute he felt the first surge of orgasm inside. The guy went back to jerking him, fascinated by the thickness of the semen filling the condom tip.

"Whoa... sonnyboy... you got a mighty load there for such a little thing." The man took off the condom, throwing it on the floor.

"Don't call me that! And... I'm not little!" Justin did up his pants, stuffing himself back inside his underwear. His heart breaking more than he was willing to admit, which was why he was sounding so bratty.

"Grow a pair, kid." The man got up off his knees to push Justin away. “I could be worse to you, you know?”

"Yeah... I do." Justin remained where he was, then stomped off to run back up the way Brian and Michael left. He only wanted to make sure he was actually seeing what he was seeing. When he got up to the balcony railing, what he could see was the back of Brian disappearing through the chains hanging in the front entrance.

And that... was the end of the Brian and Michael show... for Justin Taylor... and all of Babylon.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

When Brian woke up, reaching out for the tiny, curvy hip that was readily within his grasp, he felt cold sheets and empty space. "Wha-?!" He jerked up in fright, quickly throwing off the covers, not caring if he was naked. "Michael?" He called out, a bit to wobbly for his own tastes; his heart picked up a pace to think Michael could have left him. Done what Brian had done to countless of other men he'd fucked before Michael. He didn't even walk into the living room, he crossed the end of his bed. "Mich-...?" He stopped short of the second bedroom doorway, nearest his closets. He could see Michael from where he was. He put a hand to his chest, hopefully it hadn't leapt out. He bit the inside of his cheek and snatched up the end hem of his comforter.

Michael was still in the loft. Tuckered out, sleeping where he sat. Indian style, high up on one of the breakfast nook stools. His arms were folded on the counter; his head resting on his forearms. He was dozing quite peacefully. He had redressed in his tight jeans, and one of Brian's long-sleeved shirts, unbuttoned. Simply hanging off his body for warmth and comfort.

Brian noticed the beer bottle and the empty napkin, with the half of a sandwich. Two bites taken of that last half and Michael must have felt so tired he lay his head down and passed out. Brian stepped closely, working the material of the comforter, and his completely naked body, around Michael's hunched back. The shirt wasn't quite straight across Michael's neck so Brian tried to adjust the collar only to pull back the fabric and find some slight, dark pink scratches on the pale skin. Clear signs of Brian's fingernails embedding the delicate surface. He bent to kiss the markings up to Michael's shoulder blades, then he rested his cheek on the back of the dark raven hair.

Michael could sense the change in his surroundings. The intense warmth Brian always brought with him, the musky smell of sex and... well, Brian's cologne. "Your addiction to me isn't normal." He spoke on a yawn, re-closing his dark eyes.

Brian tenderly kissed Michael's cheek and nuzzled his ear. "It's gets noticeably chillier a lot sooner in my bed without you." He hugged both arms around Michael's torso.

"Ahhhhhh... mope-ish guilt does not sound attractive on you."

"How long have you been awake?" Brian rubbed his face along the back of Michael's neck, keeping him down on the counter.

"Awhile." Michael cleared his throat. "I watched you sleep." He sighed when he felt Brian snuggle closer to him. "Then... I got hungry. You looked exhausted. Didn't move once when I got up. I know I wore you out." He closed his eyes in earnest coyness. He stretched in the curl of his body, making Brian straighten his body. "I was amazed you had bread and it wasn't molded, yet. Made a sandwich." He rose his own body to look over his shoulder at the face bending toward him. "Then I sat here to eat it..." He handed Brian the rest of his sandwich. It was gone in three bites. Then he handed over the beer. "... put my head down... and that was all she wrote."

Brian slurped at the beer, jerking his head back as if he was thirsty. "I know you were tired too." He rested his chin on top of Michael's head. “I was shocked you lasted so long once we finally got in bed.”

Both their eyes flicked over to the couch, where the cushions were in disarray. That had been their FIRST stop after shutting the door on the world and setting the security code.

Brian moved his gaze away before Michael. He took one more small gulp of beer, then let Michael have the rest. "You look pensive... contemplative..." He wrapped his arms around Michael's biceps, pulling him flush to his chest.

Typical! Brian throwing big words at him. "You mean... like I've got something to say?" 

"Yeah... like you got a lot on your beautiful mind." Brian went to slide the shirt off Michael's shoulders, down his arms. He wanted naked skin contact with Michael, feel his breathing and heart beats.

"Don't you?" Michael watched Brian undress him out of his own shirt, laying it on the empty stool beside them.

"Right now..." Brian rolled Michael's shoulder bones under his palms. "... I'm simply trying to process our transition from friends to lovers."

Michael went still. "Is that what we are?" He smirked, shaking his head. "How terribly cliché of us."

Brian nipped at the side of Michael's temple. "Haven't we always been... somewhat? To an extent... without the complications of sex?"

Michael sighed heavily, letting his hand slip behind him to caress Brian's thighs and mid-hips. "Could be..." He spun around to face Brian. "... why this feels so natural for me, with you. Like we've been this way for years."

Brian nodded his head, his biceps surrounding Michael's neck. This cocooned them in the comforter. "I can't ever not see you somewhere in my future." He slid his hands down Michael's back, fully containing Michael within his embrace. "I didn't think the moment when I knew would approach so soon, and I'd be prepared as I am. For it all... for you to be in my life... permanently." He tilted his head as if it sounded odd for him to say and admit to.

"What do you mean?" Michael reached up a hand to cup Brian's stubble, sliding through his drying spiky hair. On anyone else this look would be tragic and horrible. Brian wore unkempt well. "You sound like you're kind of asking me something, but I don't..."

“I don't know. I'm thinking I might need a 'roommate' for the next few weeks.” Brian leaned his face into Michael's hand, needing the touch more than anything else. "Once I get my life squared away... the rent for this place could increase... and I don't want to be in love... and homeless." He moved his hands back up to rest on Michael's shoulders.

"Asshole." Michael grumbled, squinting his brown eyes at Brian. "You can't simply ask me to move in, because you love and want me with you daily. You have to tack on some... paltry excuse?" He let his hands slip down Brian's chest toward his back. He locked one hand around the wrist of the other hand at Brian's lower back, right above the upper curve of his rear. Michael liked seeing Brian close his eyes in instant pleasure, wondering if at some time those fingers would caress more than just the upper curves.

"I don't want you to think I'm trying to invade your life... uhm, when, or if, you break it off with Ben. I don't want you to feel like you have to sneak out of here an' take a taxi back to your place to avoid the awkwardness of what's going on."

Michael lifted up one eyebrow in curiosity, then lowered his eyes. "How did you know that's what I was thinking of doing?"

~~TBC...