*****

Pete saw nothing but tall grass and a few trees in the distance, which he supposed was a good thing since he was actually feeling somewhat better after having seen Patrick. He was kind of afraid that having another person around might ruin it, especially if he had to try to explain himself. Then again, any people around in this time probably wouldn't understand him at all, so who knew if it would even matter.

He set his backpack down and sat next to it, starting to pull things out in hopes that something would help him decide what to change. He'd only taken a few things out when he heard a rustling in the grass. Two large eyes appeared to his left, and Pete carefully reached for the time machine.

The owner of the eyes appeared to be a large cat that inched toward Pete as he quickly set the time machine. He grabbed his backpack and hit the Start button as the cat sprung out of the grass.

*****

Pete found himself standing in an apartment, and when he called out a tentative 'hello?', he got no answer. He poked around a little bit, and a lot of the stuff was familiar. He decided that he must live alone since there wasn't really enough unfamiliar stuff for another person. Nothing seemed to be immediately problematic, so Pete tried to decide what he should do first.

He got out his cell phone and began thumbing through his contacts when he realized that he had an itch. The only thing was that it wasn't actually on his body. Well, obviously it was, but he was feeling it near his back, though not actually on his back.

He reached a hand over his shoulder and felt…holy shit, that was a wing. How he had missed it, Pete had no idea. Now that he knew they were there, though, it was impossible not to feel the extra weight. He gave his back muscles an experimental twitch, and the wings fluttered a little and settled.

He went into the bedroom and opened the closet, pleased to find what he was looking for – a full-length mirror on the back of the door. He turned his back to it and looked over his shoulder to see the wings folded in and down. Pete turned back around and tried to open the wings; he really shouldn't have been as surprised as he was that they responded immediately, just like any other limb.

Pete studied them closely, deciding that they looked kind of like bat wings. When he touched them, they were leathery soft and quite a bit more sensitive than most of the rest of him was. He flapped them back and forth, testing them out. They seemed to work well enough, and Pete saw a sudden image of himself flying over the rooftops of the city. He grinned mightily at the mirror.

As much as he kind of wanted to just jump out his window or something, Pete knew that would be a really bad idea if the wings didn't prove strong enough to hold his weight. Of course, why he would have wings that wouldn't hold his weight, he couldn't guess, but he figured it was still better to make sure.

Pete went back out to the living room and flapped his wings again, this time with intent. He rose from the floor relatively easily but was only able to get a foot or so off the ground before his wings brushed the ceiling. Clearly he needed more space. For that, he headed up to the roof of the building, bouncing excitedly.

Pete began flapping his wings again, and this time he kept on rising. Before long, he was several feet off the roof, and he decided to try moving in a direction other than straight up. He slowly began to move forward, and he couldn't stop grinning. He flew out past the edge of the building, and his stomach swooped in nervous excitement.

As Pete flew, he realized that the city was more like a town. He started seeing fewer buildings and more open and wooded areas. That was probably for the best, really, because who knew what anyone would think if they saw him. He really didn't need to see himself on the front cover of some tabloid as a 'Real Angel Sighting!' or something equally ridiculous. Not that he looked all that much like an angel.

Pete looked around as he flew, taking in as much as he could. The view was similar to what you might get from an ascending plane, but the experience wasn't even close to the same. Eventually, he turned back around, although sort of reluctantly, because he didn't want to get too far away from home.

It wasn't until he got back to the edge of town that he heard the first shots. It took a moment for him to realize that someone was actually shooting at him. Pete was suddenly seized with fear, and he stopped concentrating on flying, causing him to begin to fall. Very quickly, he refocused his attention and managed a smoother descent until he was only ten or so feet up.

Then he felt pain blooming in his left wing, and he yelled as he fell the remaining distance, landing painfully on his side. He pushed himself carefully to his feet, wincing when it hurt to use his right arm. Fortunately, his legs seemed to be okay, so Pete got out of there as fast as he could.

The whole thing would have been, well, not as bad, at least, if he'd had the time machine with him; it was too bad that his backpack didn't really work well with the wings. As it was, he hurried back to his apartment, afraid that whoever had shot him would come after him. He managed to make it back alright, other than the fact that his wing was bleeding the whole way there.

Pete looked at his wing the first chance he got, but he wasn't really sure what to do about the hole he found. Deciding that just changing the past as quickly as possible was probably his best course of action, Pete gathered up his backpack and the time machine, setting it for 20,000 BC.

*****

Pete wasn't sure whether or not it was good that he found himself in the midst of a group of people or not. On the one hand, he really didn't like the possibility of one of them approaching him while he was wounded and bleeding surprisingly heavily.

On the other hand, after staring in shock for a moment, their reaction was to make a bunch of noise and flee, which meant that he'd probably already had enough of an effect that he didn't really need to do anything else. So, Pete just set the time machine to take him back to the present and hit Start.

*****

Pete was really not pleased at having managed to show up strapped to a table in what looked like some creepy lab, although at least his wounds (and wings) were gone. Looking around, he saw that the shelves around the room were lined with specimen jars. There were some containing tentacles, a few with squids, and a couple with…human appendages.

Pete started struggling then, trying to free himself, because nothing good ever came of being in a room with body parts in specimen jars. He was right, of course. Someone unfamiliar came in minutes later and tried to get a mask over his face. Pete couldn't do much more than turn his head to get away from it, which didn't work for very long. A firm hand held his head still while the other got the mask on him, and then he was out like a light.

When Pete came to, he was groggy and vaguely nauseous. He tried once again to move, but to no avail. He sighed heavily; of course they would still have him strapped down. Finally, he opened his eyes and was surprised to see a familiar face.

"Andy?" he slurred out.

"Pete, you're awake, good. How are you feeling?"

Pete ignored that in favor of trying to get some answers. "What's going on, Andy? Where am I? What the hell just happened?" he asked, the words coming more easily as the grogginess began to clear away.

"You're in recovery at my lab, Pete. You came through the transplant surgery remarkably well. I wouldn't expect much mobility with your new arms initially; it will probably be at least a week before you can move them properly. It all went so well, though, that I expect you'll have full mobility within a month if you make sure to exercise them properly. But I should leave you to rest now."

Andy walked out before Pete could so much as utter a sound. Pete closed his eyes again, not prepared to look at his arms and see what Andy had been talking about. He lay there for awhile, trying to mentally prepare for the horrible thing that had undoubtedly happened to him. His imagination kept coming up with progressively worse things, so Pete finally looked just to keep himself from completely freaking out.

His arms were gone, and in their place were tentacles. Pete tried to move them, but unsurprisingly, couldn't. He stared at them for awhile, almost unable to believe what he was seeing. He couldn't feel any pain, and without being able to move them, he was left feeling disconnected from the whole thing.

He noticed vaguely that the tentacles weren't strapped down (unlike his torso and legs), but that didn't really help him right now. Pete wriggled around for several more minutes before giving escape up as a lost cause at the moment. He fell into an exhausted sleep and didn't wake again for hours.

Pete was pretty much stuck there for several days, while he slowly gained use of the tentacles. After a week or so, he had a pretty good grasp on how to work the tentacles, but he thought that maybe pretending like he didn't might help in getting him out of there more quickly (assuming they were planning on letting him leave at all).

After another couple of days, Pete couldn't take it anymore; the whole situation was just too damn frustrating. He didn't get to do anything for himself, not that he was sure he really would have been able to anyway. The tentacles were fairly dexterous, but he wasn't at all sure how well they'd work for grabbing things since they had no fingers. Still, he thought he could probably manage to work the time machine since it mostly involved pushing buttons.

He waited until he was left alone for the night before trying to make his escape. The straps holding him down weren't terribly difficult to undo. They were fastened securely enough, but they were pretty obviously meant to hold down someone who couldn't just unfasten them.

Pete ended up having more trouble getting his backpack open. He was grateful that it had apparently been brought to the room with him, but it was zipped securely, which the tentacles were having problems with. Eventually, he figured out that the suckers could be used to get a firmer grip, and he managed to get it open by getting the zipper between the suckers of both tentacles. Finally, he maneuvered the time machine out and managed to set it to take him to 130,000 BC.

*****

It figured that Pete would once again run into people. Well, at this point in time, he supposed they were probably Neanderthals rather than humans. And it probably would have been fine except for the part where they seemed not to be afraid of him and approached him like he was some peculiar form of animal.

Pete tried to keep his distance from them, backing away while fumbling with the time machine and finally getting it set to take him back to the present just as he managed to get cornered against a large rock.

*****

Pete knew immediately that something was very wrong. He could see that he was in a living room, but well, he didn't actually have eyes, so it wasn't like he could technically be seeing anything. By the same token, he did have a body, but it didn't feel like an actual body. Experimentally, he tried to move and found that he could, although the best he could manage was to roll. He thumped to the ground and rolled along the floor, not exactly sure what he was looking for until he saw it.

There was a sliding glass door across the room, and he rolled over to it, wanting to get a look at his reflection. All he saw sitting there was a ball of yarn. Okay, that was just…impossible. Yes, he'd been in plenty of impossible situations before, but this took the cake. How could yarn even have a consciousness? Just to be sure he wasn't wrong, he tentatively tried and succeeded in waving the tail of the yarn at his reflection. Oh, this was so not good.

Pete looked around for his backpack and spied it not far away from the basket he assumed he'd been sitting in initially. He began rolling toward it, but he'd only gotten halfway there when he heard the sound of approaching footsteps. He stopped where he was, not really wanting to chance whoever it was seeing a ball of yarn rolling around by itself.

The person came over and picked him up, setting him on the sofa before heading toward what Pete assumed was the bathroom. When they came back and sat next to him, Pete realized that it was actually Jon Walker. Alright, this would be fine; he would just wait for Jon to leave again, and then he'd make his way over to the time machine and get the hell out of here.

The only problem with that was that Jon dug around in the basket a little bit and finally produced a short metal rod. Pete had some idea what it might mean, and unfortunately, he turned out to be right. Jon found the loose end of…Pete's body and started looping it on what Pete had realized was a crochet hook.

It was a strange feeling, to have his body being all twisted up together. Pete kind of wanted to see if he could untangle himself, but moving while Jon was still holding him probably wasn't the best idea. Jon was working fairly quickly, and while Pete wasn't exactly afraid that he'd be completely used up (he wasn't that small), he didn't like how quickly his body mass was disappearing into whatever Jon was making.

Maybe he could just…Pete tangled together a bit of himself near where Jon was busy crocheting. Jon swore a little when he got to the tangled bit, but he picked it apart and continued on. Pete did it again.

They went back and forth like that several more times before Jon got frustrated enough to toss Pete aside, which Pete was grateful for. If only he had then left the room instead of sitting back to watch TV, Pete would have been a lot happier. He figured he could wait it out, though. It wasn't like there was much to being a ball of yarn.

So Pete took the time to just try to relax and not think too much about everything he'd been through since he left home, everything that could still happen before he got things back to something approximating normal. Thankfully, it wasn't too long until Jon got up and went to the kitchen; Pete was kind of failing at not thinking.

Pete didn't want to miss his chance if this was it, so he rolled off the couch as best he could when he wasn't completely spherical anymore. He made it over to his backpack and once again had trouble with getting it open. The zipper took a lot of tugging, and by the time Pete got it open, he was kind of tired. It wasn't really physical tiredness, but he guessed the whole thing was mentally draining. He managed to get himself inside, and from there, he went about setting the time machine, which also took longer than it should because there was very little force to be gotten from a yarn body. Finally, he managed to get it set to take him to 3,000,000 BC.

*****

Pete didn't know how much he could actually change, being a mentally-exhausted ball of yarn. He managed to get himself out of the backpack to look around. He was thumping around a little unevenly, and that gave him an idea. He worked on loosening his body where it had been crocheted, and he succeeded enough to allow the crochet hook to fall to the ground. That done, he set the time machine to take him back to the present.

*****

Once again, the world looked completely wrong. Pete was way too low to the ground, and he was suddenly very restless. Everything looked new and interesting, so he started scurrying around the room, looking and sniffing at all of it curiously. There was a sock lying on the floor that was just awesome, and he latched onto it, carrying it into the nearest corner, behind a chair.

He stayed there for quite awhile, just nestling with the sock, but he perked up again when he heard his name being called. Pete peeked out from behind the chair and saw a familiar set of sneakers approaching. Within seconds, he was scooped up and cradled in one arm while the sock was picked up with the other.

"Pete." Pete looked up to see Patrick shake his head fondly. "I wish you'd stop hiding my sock in that corner. Time for you to go back in your cage."

So saying, Patrick opened the door to the cage and placed Pete inside. Pete was surprised by how tired he was, so he curled up for a nap. When he woke, Pete didn't know how much time had passed, but he felt a lot less twitchy than he had before, which was good because it meant that he had better control over himself. His body and instincts had clearly gotten the better of him, but Pete was feeling more himself now.

Of course, he still had no idea what type of animal he was (and he was sure he was an animal), so he turned his head and did his best to look at the rest of his body. From the look of things, Pete was guessing ferret. It had been an interesting experience so far, to say the least.

He still felt kind of tired, but he thought ferrets generally slept a lot, so that wasn't really a surprise. He gave a second's consideration to going back to sleep, but he knew that he should try to get out of the cage and over to his backpack. Pete flexed his paws, wondering if they would be flexible enough to work the latch.

He'd never know if he didn't try, so Pete ran up to the top of the cage, where the door was. He was momentarily distracted by how fun that was, so he ran to the bottom and back up before he remembered that he was supposed to be trying to get free. He edged his way across the platform he was standing on and reached out a paw. Damn, not close enough.

Pete got a good grip on the bars and moved off the platform, toward the latch. It was treacherous going, even if it was only a few inches of distance. He once again reached out a paw and got hold of the latch this time. It wasn't easy to get undone, but Pete finally managed. He slipped out of the cage, but it was no easy task to get all the way down the cage and to the ground.

Once he was there, though, it was fairly easy to burrow into his backpack and find the time machine. He set it to take him to 70,000,000 BC.

*****

Pete stuck his head out of the backpack and looked around. At first, it didn't look like there was much to see. A few trees, some grass, and quite a few rocks. Then one of the trees moved, and Pete shrunk back into his backpack. After a second, he realized that trees couldn't actually move, and he stuck his head back out. He looked up, and oh, that was a dinosaur.

Pete just stared until he realized that it was heading toward him and he was kind of in danger of being squashed soon. He quickly tossed out the first thing he found that he could lift and set the time machine just as a large shadow blocked out the sunlight.

*****

Pete felt a lot more like himself, but when he went to move, he stumbled awkwardly on the extra set of legs he apparently had. He looked down and then twisted to look behind him. Christ, that was weird. There was nothing right about his torso being attached to the body of a horse.

He moved again, but carefully, not wanting to trip over his legs again. It went more smoothly this time, and Pete made it up to a trot without any problems. He'd never ridden a horse before, but he thought he might just have to rectify that when he got the chance. There was something freeing about just running like that, especially when he picked the pace up to a gallop.

In fact, it sort of reminded him of flying, at least before he'd gotten shot down. Pete slowed suddenly and looked around, paranoid that something like that would happen again. There was no one around, though; in fact, there wasn't a whole lot of anything around.

There was a hill, though, and Pete ascended it. When he got to the top, it turned out to be more of a cliff than a hill, and one with an amazing view, at that. There was a large beach spread in front of the cliff, and beyond that was what Pete assumed to be the ocean.

He just stood there for awhile, taking it all in and enjoying the uncomplicated moment. He'd had far too few of those recently, and he hadn't realized how much he missed them. Sure, the underlying worries were still present, but he could forget about them for a little while since he had the chance.

He looked down at the beach and saw a figure sprawled out. He couldn't tell if he even knew who it was, but he could make out a fish tail. Wonderful, merpeople on the beach. And it was kind of bad that he was immediately jumping to crazy conclusions like that, wasn't it? Clearly he had been doing this too long. When Pete thought more about it, though, a merperson probably shouldn't be lying out on the beach. They needed to be in the water to breathe, right?

He went back down the hill side of the cliff and circled around until he found the beach. He hurried over to the merperson and saw that he bore a strong resemblance to Joe. Pete tried to bend down and check if he was breathing, but it turned out that he couldn't reach that far. So, he tucked his legs under him as best he could and lay down so he was close enough to reach.

It turned out that Joe actually was breathing, but it was in short, shallow breaths. He also seemed to be unconscious, and Pete couldn't wake him. Instead, he scooped Joe up and stood, hurrying to the edge of the ocean and only pausing for a second before wading in. He lowered Joe down, still not letting go. A moment later, Joe woke up and struggled until Pete let him go. He didn't swim away completely, though, instead lifting his head out of the water.

"Thanks for that," Joe said, waving a hand to indicate Pete bringing him back to the ocean. "I ended up on the beach and couldn't breathe well enough to get back."

"How could you even breathe at all?" Pete couldn't help asking.

"Vestigial lungs. They function well enough to keep me from dying when I'm out of water, but I can't be very physically active."

"Ah, well it was no problem helping you out."

Joe smiled and swam closer to Pete again, lifting up and pulling Pete into a hug. Pete stumbled a little since he had to support Joe's weight. All the same, it was a nice hug.

Pete waded back out of the water after Joe swam off, taking off his backpack and fishing out the time machine. As nice as all this was, Pete was ready to just get on with things, so he set the time machine to take him back to 600,000,000 BC.

*****

Pete found himself on the edge of a lake. For lack of anything else to do, he lay down for a moment while he looked through his backpack. At this point in time, it seemed like leaving something behind was the easiest way to change things.

He rifled through what was left until he found the jar of pickles from Brendon. As good as they had been, they'd probably been sitting in his backpack too long to be good anymore. He opened the lid and took a whiff; yep, they'd definitely gone bad. He pitched the whole thing into the lake and got the time machine ready to take him back to the present.

*****

Pete thought for a moment that he was hallucinating everything he saw. The sky was…well, it was green. All the buildings around him were yellow, and the streets were red. And that was just what was in his immediate line of sight. When Pete pinched himself and it didn't look like this was going to turn out to be a dream, he began walking.

Everything seemed to be a bizarre color, and when Pete went to get his cell phone out of his pocket, he saw that his hand was purple. Purple, for God's sake! And okay, this was weird, but so far, the strange color scheme seemed to be the only thing that was way off. Pete put it out of his head for the moment, calling Patrick (who was actually in his contact list, thank God) and asking if he could stop over.

"Sure, but I'm at my parents' house right now, so head there rather than my apartment."

"Alright," Pete agreed readily enough, just glad for the chance to get to see Patrick again (and while he's not a ferret, even).

He got to Patrick's place and knocked on the door, his heart pounding a little harder as it swung open and he saw Patrick standing in the doorway. Patrick, too, was purple – although a different shade than Pete – so seeing him was both strange and familiar.

Patrick grabbed Pete's arm and yanked him in, shutting the door and pressing Pete up against it. They were kissing then, and Pete had missed this so, so much. It wasn't long before they were stumbling to Patrick's room and sprawling on his bed. He'd just managed to get a hand down Patrick's pants when a shrill voice yelled, "Patrick!"

Patrick leapt away immediately, falling off the bed and leaving Pete alone under his mom's scrutiny. Pete swallowed hard and sat up, doing his best not to draw attention to the fact that he was hard. He was aided by Patrick standing up, because Patty's eyes immediately swung over to stare at him.

"What do you think you're doing? You know we don't approve of this sort of thing, and-"

Pete didn't mean to tune out her words, but he was fascinated that her anger was making her cheeks turn a color he didn't even know the name of; the purple skin thing was turning out to be kind of interesting.

"So, I think you know what the solution is. You'll just have to get married."

That caught Pete's attention in a hurry. "What?" he asked in bewilderment.

He shrank back a little when Patty turned her piercing gaze on him. "I assume you'll be doing the right thing by my son."

Pete put on his best serious face and sat up a little straighter. "Of course I will, Mrs. Stump." He would have said that even if it weren't true.

She continued to stare at him before finally turning in the doorway. "I'll give you boys some privacy to talk things over, but leave the door open."

They both nodded silently and waited until she left the room. Patrick sat down next to Pete and heaved a sigh. "Sorry for that. She doesn't really mean it." Pete gave him a hard look. "Okay, she does, we can try to find a way to get out of it."

Pete's heart sank. "You want to get out of it?"

Patrick was silent for a long moment. "No, not really," he said quietly.

Okay, now Pete was confused. "So why are we trying to get out of it, then?"

Patrick looked at him in surprise. "You don't want to get out of it?"

Pete smiled slightly. "No, not really."

"So we're really gonna do this?"

Pete could hear the hopeful tone in Patrick's voice, and he couldn't help smiling. "Just one thing, first. This isn't gonna affect, like…" Pete waved a hand vaguely.

"The band?" Patrick supplied. "I don't see why it would. We've been together long enough that I think we'd know by now if it was going to fuck up band dynamics. Besides, Andy and Joe have always supported us, so what's gonna be affected?"

Suddenly, Pete felt like he was positively floating. Could it be that he'd found everything he wanted? He could hardly believe it. After all the time he'd spent going back and forth in time, Pete had kind of buried the hope that he could have Patrick and Fall Out Boy and something approaching normality. It had never been gone, but with everything he had to deal with, he just couldn't keep it at the forefront of his mind all the time.

"Pete?" Patrick was waving a hand in front of his face, and Pete snapped out of his thoughts. He grinned brightly before pulling Patrick in for a long kiss. Soon enough, though, Patty was clearing her throat.

"I take it everything is going well?" They both smiled at her. "Good. Now, we should start planning if we're going to be having a wedding soon."

She gestured for them to follow her into the living room. Patrick went, but Pete stayed behind.

"There in a minute," he said when Patrick poked his head back in.

He went to his backpack and took the time machine out, looking at it for a long time. Was he sure about this? Could he handle everything being strange colors? Was this what he really wanted?

He tossed the time machine to the ground and stomped on it without another thought. Some things didn't really need to be questioned.