Sam had only been in the library half an hour that morning, reading accounts of international crop circle activity and their relative connection to recorded demon activity outside the North American continent, when Victor appeared in the doorway. 

"This is a special day for you, Pretty Freak." He twirled an ugly, heavy lead line - the kind they used to drag big, defiant monsters around - in his hand. "A very special day."

Sam went very still before he tucked his paper into the book and closed it, so carefully it made no noise. He pushed the book to the center of the table with both hands, then stood up, and kept his eyes on the floor as he walked over to the guard.

"Hands out."

Sam extended his wrists, keeping them limp as Victor slid the plastic handcuff loops over them and zipped them tight and snug.

But when Victor clipped the stiff lead line onto his collar, Sam's well-honed composure broke. The floor tilted underneath him, his vision swam until he closed his eyes, and an audible keen - that he knew, knew was a mistake, he could have told any other monster that - rose through his throat. When Victor gave the line its first jerk, he almost collapsed.

"Aw, what's wrong, Pretty Freak?" He tugged again, and Sam nearly stumbled against him, just catching himself in time. "Not used to being on a leash? You've been pretty privileged until now, haven't you? Our little spoiled monster. Those days are over, Pretty Freak. No more special treatment. Today you're going to find out what it's like to be a monster in Freak Camp, just like a big boy."

Sam could barely walk out of the room. The lead provided no slack, just a few links between the snap hook and stiff metal rod, enough for it to rotate in the guard's grip. He couldn't remember the last time he was put on a leash - it might have been when he first arrived, but that was so long ago, he barely remembered anything of those days - even Becca's face was dim. Now, with Victor ruthlessly yanking him along, shoving him ahead an extra step or hauling him back, all Sam's coordination was off. He stumbled repeatedly into doorways and walls, despite all the times he'd watched monsters on leashes and thought how they should just cooperate to make things easier. There wasn't any way to make it easier. He'd never been so conscious of his collar - not since he'd been fitted for a new one a few years ago - but now it seemed to shrink around his neck. He would be strangled before they ever got outside.

He might have been able to recover to some extent, learn to keep his balance better and anticipate Victor's tugs, but his brain had shut down the moment the leash snapped on, screaming nothing but two words: Special Research Special Research Special Research. Why else would they use a leash on him? Where else could he be going? But oh God, why now?

He had last seen Dean two weeks ago. Dean, who had given him a sandwich and then found him a bottle of good, cold water from inside Reception. Who had smiled at him so openly, gently, looking fully relaxed again, and hadn't hesitated to brush Sam's hair out of his eyes and rest his hand on his shoulder. Dean hadn't known that would be the last time. Would he be upset when he next came and they told him 88UI6703 had expired? How long would it be before Dean forgot about him, about that pathetic little freak he used to visit?

Sam's shoulder cracked hard into the next doorway, and he couldn't hold back a wretched moan that wasn't about the pain.

"Come on, freak, I ain't got all day," Victor snapped, hauling him forward, and Sam lost his footing entirely, slamming to the floor. Though the leash jerked in Victor's grip, the majority of his weight still caught on his collar before he caught himself on the floor with his forearms, and he choked, struggling to breathe, before Victor hauled him up again.

At last they reached the staircase at the end of the corridor, and Sam's stomach dropped even further, though he hadn't thought it was possible at this point - not with knowing that Special Research would be after that torturous expanse of stairs. But Victor, making him go first, held him mostly steadily, or at least firmly enough that even when he would have lost his balance, he couldn't fall forward.

When they reached the bottom, instead of turning for the door to outside, across the yard to Special Research, Victor dragged him deeper into Administration. Sam was confused at first about the route, but his feet kept stumbling along - at least they had caught on well enough.

Then Victor stopped, jerking him to a halt, and swung open one of the steel doors—solid but for a small, fogged window—before pushing him inside, where Crusher and a hunter were waiting.

It was Sam's first time in an interrogation room.

"Took you long enough," Crusher said. Sam's eyes had dropped to the floor, fixing on the hunter's steel-tipped boots the moment he crossed the threshold, but he didn't need to look up to know how Crusher was staring at him.

"Yeah, the freak isn't too used to being on a leash." Victor unclipped him, and Sam didn't move.

Crusher barked a laugh. "Well, he's going to have plenty of chances now to get used to it."

The hunter moved closer, walking around him. "This is the Pretty Freak?"

"Yep," Victor said. "He's been here a long time, he's very well trained. Ain't ya, Pretty Freak? Have a seat."

Sam moved stiffly, but without pause, taking a seat in the rusty metal folding chair. His mind wasn't quite blank enough not to notice the brown stains on the seat nor know they weren't rust.

Victor lifted his leg to half-sit on the corner of the table, leaning over him. "Hands up on the table." 

They felt like someone else's hands, not his at all, but he had no choice but to obey. He told them to move, and the numb, foreign hands came to rest on the table.

"No." Crusher thumped his club down in the middle of the table, next to a set of metal cuffs bolted there. "Here."

Sam swallowed, then stretched his arms further down, placing his wrists in the cuffs. Crusher snapped the bolts into place, then leaned over, setting his club under Sam's chin to tilt his face up. "My, my," he whispered. "I thought I'd never see this day. You are all mine now, boy. And we are going to have some fun."

Victor rolled out a set of knives - all different types, including silver, iron, bronze, and something that looked like black glass - tucked neatly into a cloth, onto the table. He plucked one out, twirling it once before setting it to Sam's cheek, just under his eye, and trailed it down across his lips, to under his chin.

"So, Pretty Freak. Exactly what kind of monster are you?"

Sam's heartrate jumped just seeing the blade that close to his eye, but he fought to have no reaction, fought to give Victor nothing that he could latch onto, no reaction that would guide the knife. He fought to think of everything—his eyes, his nose, his lips—as unimportant, so that maybe maybe maybe Victor would pass them over, would...just stop.

Sam thought hard enough that the room went gray, that his heart seemed distant and unimportant, that even the guard's words and questions became distant and unimportant. This is a good place, he thought. I might save something for Dean if I can just. Stay. Here.

It was a good place, the safest place he could be. And when the screaming started, he barely even recognized it as his own. 

~*~

One year later

Winter was a bad time for fresh meat to learn the rules of Freak Camp.

The summer heat was excruciating, and even the hardier monsters collapsed if forced to stand outside for hours in the middle of the day. But the winters, in Sam's view, were far worse.

In November, most monsters got an extra pair of clothes—heavy canvas pants and ragged jackets—to wear over their usual grays. They were also supposed to get a second blanket when temperatures dropped below freezing, and a third when it went below zero... but that didn't always happen, especially if a monster wasn't as cooperative as the guards liked. They all knew, if a guard was interested enough in you, how you could pay for one in Head Alley.

Up until last winter, Sam had always gotten his extra blankets without any issues. He was quiet, he made no trouble, never snarled or tried to get away when the guards grabbed him. Plus, with the Winchesters visiting the camp as regularly as they did and Dean always making a point of seeking him out, Sam understood he had a thin shield about him, an invisible keep off sign.

Something had changed, though, about a year ago, around the same time he had been taken in for his first interrogation. He didn't know what, but the guards had decided it was open season on Sam. 

He'd always been known as Pretty Freak, and he'd never liked the way Crusher and a few other guards looked at him in the showers, but the illusion of protection had crumbled the night Victor and Crusher cornered him while he was cleaning the showers. Victor grabbed his hands behind his back and kicked the backs of his knees to force him down, while Crusher grabbed his jaw and promised to pull his teeth out, one by one, if he bit. Sam had seen him extract monsters' teeth. He didn't bite, not him or when Victor took his turn, not when they made him gag on semen. He'd thrown up afterwards, emptying his stomach, but the guards had just said he would learn to swallow and keep it down, because from then on he had to use his sweet mouth to pay for every extra blanket. 

That wasn't the end of it. From then on some of the guards made a habit of pulling him into corners to grope and squeeze. The first few times he couldn't stop whimpering and twisting frantically to get away - which made a lot of them more excited - but after he blacked out for several seconds when Crusher knocked his head hard against the wall, he'd learned to go still and limp and take his mind out of what his body felt. Then Victor said he needed to learn other skills, and wrapped his hand over Sam's around his prick, showing him how to jack hard and fast while he gripped tight a hunk of Sam's hair on the back of his head, keeping his face close for when he spurted.

Sometimes they let him have a half-eaten sandwich afterward, if they said he'd done a good enough job.

After the first half-dozen lessons, Sam adjusted, accepted it as another inevitable fact of Freak Camp, and learned to use it as a bargaining tool, to get extra meals when it seemed worth it, and to keep his blankets a few extra weeks after all the other monsters' blankets were picked up in the first week of March. He'd been lucky until now, but there was no reason why he wouldn't be treated the same as any other monster with a face or a hole the guards liked, even though Dean Winchester favored him with the occasional visits. Dean couldn't negate all the other truths of life in Freak Camp, what Sam was, and what he deserved.

Once he'd gotten over the initial shock of the guards' new expectations of him, Sam felt a new level of fear, because he knew this wasn't everything they could do to him. He knew enough of what the bloodstains on pants meant and why monsters would shake after a private session. He'd caught glimpses of the way they'd pin a monster against the shower wall or in Head Alley, even though he was always focused on getting away as quickly and inconspicuously as possible, in case they turned on him next. There was something worse, much worse, and none of them - especially Crusher - were shy about telling him exactly what they wanted to do with his virgin ass.

But they didn't. They'd grope and feel, sometimes grind against him in a tight corner until he couldn't stop the whimpers, but they never actually pulled his pants down. Sam didn't know why, but waiting for the day they would bred an awful, unspeakable fear in him worse than even what he felt for Special Research.

Apart from that, the hardest part wasn't getting used to their dicks and taste of come, or learning to hold still as they smeared it over his face and not wipe it off until they told him he could. It was making the effort, for the first time, not to think of Dean. Sam didn't know what he would think if he knew what Sam was doing, but he couldn't imagine Dean would be pleased. The thought of Dean's face if he found out made Sam sicker, closer to vomiting, than he felt now after a round in Head Alley. It hadn't taken him long to realize what he was doing was just another part of being a monster, no more than how he was supposed to be treated, but he was certain Dean wouldn't want to look at or touch a monster with such a dirty mouth, who touched the guards and let them touch him the way he did. Dean might - and this was the worst thought, the one that made him physically shudder and blank out his mind faster than when he entered an interrogation room - he might even decide Sam wasn't worth getting out.

But it was hard not to think of Dean, especially when the guards taunted him when he was in the middle of blowing them or jerking them off. You'd better thank us for teaching you some valuable skills. Maybe this way you'll keep that Winchester kid happy for a while, huh? That knifed him worse than anything he'd felt yet in an interrogation, not even when they started bringing out hot irons. That first time—and many times after—he hadn't been able to keep back a choked sob. Which, he could have told anyone, was the worst thing he could have done, because now they knew exactly where to dig and twist. And of course they did, every time. Sam deserved as much for letting them know.

He became something of the guards' favorite monster whore - they were quick to compliment how compliant he'd become, how soon he'd learned to love the taste of our dicks, don't ya, can't get enough of it. Sometimes when they went after him, it was like the first time, when he didn't have a chance to make a deal to get anything out of it. As bad as that was, the alternative - when he had time to plan and weigh his options before making an offer - always made him feel worse in the end. That was when he knew what they said about him was true, and there was no point pretending otherwise.

All in all, when the black van with a new shipment of monsters pulled through the gate, Sam was blindingly, selfishly grateful. Fresh meat, unmarked yet by the abuse and hardships of Freak Camp, always pulled the guards' attention away from the regulars, at least for a while.

There were downsides of new monster arrivals, though. It got tiring to watch them make the same mistakes, learn the same lessons, that every new batch of monsters went through. Sam thought sometimes he could give an instructive half-hour - no, even ten-minute - orientation that would have saved them all a significant amount of blood, tears, and sore throats. But the guards would never have allowed it, because they clearly enjoyed the breaking-in process. New monsters screamed in ways no one else did, no matter what was happening, because they still carried those notes of outrage and shock.

After Becca left for Special Research, Sam had learned not to get close to any other monster, not when they were just heading the same way tomorrow or the next day, and in the meantime would likely slit his throat to get the last half of his bread. Sam didn't trust any of them, no matter how nice they tried to play. If he ignored them long enough, one day he'd look around and they wouldn't be anywhere. Sometimes they lasted a few years, even, but no one was there who had been around the same time as Becca. In a sense, the guards - many of whom also came and went, but the essential core remained the same - and Sam were the constants of Freak Camp, while all the other monsters flashed through like the browning autumn leaves on the tops of trees Sam could see outside the fences: fleeting, faceless, and forgotten.

Sam had had years of practice detaching himself from the new monsters' screams and sobs, only feeling irritation because they didn't even know how bad it was going to get, that this was nothing in comparison to what they'd be undergoing soon enough in interrogations and, eventually, Special Research. They were just so stupidand weak, and he often wished the guards would hit them harder to get the point through, or that they'd just hurry up and die already.

But he hadn't had much experience getting used to the sounds of a small girl sobbing.

She had been one of the first dragged out of the van, tiny wrists bound with thick rope threaded with silver. Her brown eyes had been enormous in her pale face, streaked with tear tracks and dirt, and her brown hair still looked shiny and soft, like it had been well cared for and only recently mussed. She was smaller, younger, than Sam could remember any other monster being, and he heard someone nearby - he didn't know or care who - swear softly. 

"What is she, seven?" 

Sam didn't know. He didn't have much experience guessing ages - there wasn't any point to it. Dean had told him when his birthday was, occasionally reminded him how old he was now, and Sam listened and remembered because it was important to Dean for some reason. So he knew that he was thirteen now (and Dean was less than two months from turning eighteen), and according to his entry date in his ID number, he'd been in Freak Camp since he was five. If the other monster was right and this new monster-girl was seven, that wasn't so bad. If he'd made it, she had a chance...for what? To last longer for Crusher to have his fun? Sam's mouth twisted, and he turned away, tried to forget he had ever seen her. Maybe he wouldn't see her again.

It was just his luck, of course, that she ended up in the same barracks as him, just a few cots down, in one that had been vacated just a week or so ago. And since she turned out to be a shapeshifter, she had the shiny new green bracelet shot through her forearm.

Maybe she was still crying from the shock of that pain, but Sam thought the cold was more likely. Karl had announced there was a blanket shortage and decided since the new monster-girl (the guards hadn't decided on a nickname yet) was so small, she could double hers up as two. Like two really helped when the water in the buckets outside the bathroom stalls - available if monsters felt finicky enough to wash their hands - had frozen solid.

Sam had learned long ago how to wrap the blankets around himself as tight as possible with no possible holes, with his nose and mouth inside to keep the warm breath trapped, and rub his hands, arms, and legs together as long as he could to generate warmth. This would be one of the lessons of his orientation (along with the quickest ways to get each of the guards off), if they'd let him have one. He didn't think the girl would be able to listen and understand, though. Not tonight.

So he burrowed himself deeper, tried to wipe out everything he was hearing - but it wasn't just the girl's fairly steady, predictable tears. Other monsters were muttering and hissing, sounding angry, like they had a right to peace and quiet and a good night's sleep. Ha. 

Then there was a wet shredding sound, followed by the smack of something hitting the unfinished floor. Louder groans filled the barracks, and it didn't take long before Sam could smell the discarded skin, tissue, and fluids even through his blankets. He closed his eyes and breathed out. If everyone would just shut up, he'd be able to block everything out and get to sleep, but clearly that wasn't going to happen, especially as a second wet plop sounded and the pitch of the girl's sobs changed again. Now the snarls from older inmates sounded truly threatening, with lines about I'll get up and take care of this myself, while the newer ones complained in loud, querulous protests which illustrated how little they understood: fucking ridiculous, why doesn't someone stop her or do something? Sam gritted his teeth, rolling over. He knew exactly how this would go: someone would get up to "take care" of this, someone else would rise to argue about how that should be done - a shake or a punch or something worse - and within seconds, the lights would be glaring and the guards filling the room with their clubs to smack around all the monsters, both standing and prone, and no one would get any sleep that night. Or maybe the guards would come in anyway, to see who was crying, what shifter was violating the rules about keeping a single form, and give her something real to cry about.

There were only a few ways to avoid that, and fewer still were in his power. Trying to talk or yell at other monsters only made himself an automatic target - why would they trust him, even when he had the earliest ID number of anyone in the camp - and he'd probably end up attracting the guards' attention first when they showed up. The monster girl was not likely to stop crying soon, even with all the threats coming her way - unless she were given a reason.

Sam swore again inside his head, then rolled off the cot, holding the blankets around him. He walked down the aisle in between rows of cots, ignoring the taunts and advice thrown his way: what's the whore going to do, you can't blow her to make her shut up. He stopped before the girl's cot, ignoring the piles of stinking shifter skin at his feet. A slightly bigger frame now huddled beneath the thin blanket, and he could barely make out the glint of watery blue eyes peeking out at him.

Pulling the blankets from his shoulders, he dropped them on top of her and said, "Stop crying."

The barracks was absolutely silent.

She had stopped mid-breath, staring at him in astonishment. Sam returned the gaze, waiting to see if she would start again. He wasn't sure what he'd do if she did, but he didn't think hitting her would make her stop. But she didn't make another sound, and neither did any of the other monsters who had been snarling and grumbling seconds before.

Now the only problem left was the cold already sinking through his fingertips or through his socks to his toes.

Sam turned away from the girl and his own cot, and all the monsters' eyes on him, to walk outside.

He knew someone was watching the camera set in the upper corner of the barracks. If a guard wasn't already on his way because of the girl, they'd be there fast enough since he'd tripped the motion sensor that activated at curfew. No one cared, though, as long as the monsters stayed in Head Alley.

Victor was the one who approached the barracks through the cold, bundled in his padded jacket. Sam watched him, listened to his footsteps, planning his words.

"Well, well," he said, smacking his club into his palm. "What does the Pretty Freak want?"

Sam said, "I need more blankets." He was trying to hold still, not shiver too visibly - at least the wind wasn't cutting between the barracks at the moment.

Victor sighed loudly. "But we gave you three. What happened? Didn't you take care of them?"

Sam didn't budge. "I'll pay."

At that, Victor tilted back his head, laughing. "Aren't you a greedy little cocksucker."

Sure, Sam thought. Whatever. He didn't expect Victor to turn him down. But the guard wouldn't make it easy for him, either.

Victor sauntered around the corner, to lean against the inside wall. "Get on with it."

The hard, frozen ground made his knees burn, but he ignored it, squeezing his hands into fists before he got enough feeling in his fingers to undo Victor's fly. He'd gotten a few bruises learning not to touch them with cold hands, so he used only his mouth for the rest. Victor grunted once as Sam closed his mouth around most of his prick, but he only had to work alone for a few moments before, sure enough, Victor's hand settled roughly on the back of his head, nails scraping on his scalp. He was muttering too, hisses and curses, but Sam blocked it all out, the sounds and taste and sensation of being choked, even the cold pressing around him and ache in his knees. He wasn't aware of anything until Victor's grip tightened and his prick started to jerk in his mouth, and Sam instinctively swallowed, over and over, until Victor pulled out and tucked himself away. Sam was grateful he'd finished that way - he didn't want to find out what it was like to have his face smeared at this temperature.

He stayed where he was, breathing and waiting, until Victor straightened up. "Wait there, Pretty Freak. I'll see what we've got."

Sam didn't react, even at the implication he would get nothing for his trouble. He knew better than to even think of any threats if Victor never came back with anything . There wasn't anything he could do - except, perhaps, hope that if he stayed just where he was without moving, soon enough he wouldn't feel the cold or anything at all.

Victor did come back, though. He tossed two ratty blankets, more transparent in some places than a mesh screen, at Sam's knees. "There you go, whore. Pleasure doing business with you."

Sam didn't even feel anything at the loss of a blanket or whatever quality he had had in his last set. He wasn't surprised. This was how it went in Freak Camp. Lesson number one of orientation: no matter how bad you thought it was, life always got worse. The longer you stayed alive, the worse it would get.

Dean had made him a promise, more than three years ago now, and Sam wouldn't lose faith in him - because he was Dean, he would eventually come to get him out - but Sam didn't expect to make it that long. Even so, he had to keep trying to stay alive. If he gave up, it was like saying he didn't believe or trust Dean, and he did, more than any other truth he knew. 

And anyway, he had Dean's visits. Dean still came to see him often, reminding Sam he hadn't forgotten about him, though as he got older Sam was more and more at a loss to understand why Dean cared about him, why he was different to Dean from any other monster. He couldn't spend time questioning it, though - it was, had always been, the only thing which made Sam's life remotely worthwhile. You didn't question what you were afraid of losing, more than anything else that might happen to you. You just had to accept it, and hope: tomorrow, perhaps tomorrow he will come again.

Sam got up slowly, staggering more than once at the pain he finally felt in his knees, then turned to trudge back inside, blankets in hand.

~*~

Dean did not come the next day. Instead, after breakfast, he found the shapeshifter girl slowly inching closer to him on the bench. He hadn't noticed her before and didn't react now, until she said, "My name's Kayla."

I don't want to know your name, Sam nearly said. You were lucky last night, so much luckier than you can imagine, but you're going to get hurt soon, and bad. They usually go for the girls before the boys. I don't think you're going to last long, and I don't want to know your name.

But he didn't say any of that, because it wouldn't have helped anything. Sam couldn't remember very well what Becca had told him in the beginning, how she had made him understand. "Sam," he said at last, because there was no harm in telling her his name. It was better than what everyone else - everyone else but Dean - called him. 

She scooted even closer, almost touching his side now, and right there in the hall where everyone could see. Sam moved away. "Don't," he told her. "You can't let them know what you care about or want."

She stared at him, too shocked and bewildered to even show hurt. There was something very raw and naked about how her eyes looked, and Sam looked away. He didn't like it. It made him feel things, things he hadn't felt since Becca was around, that were only going to get him hurt worse in the end.

He wanted her to understand how Freak Camp worked, and then maybe there wouldn't be any more scenes like last night. Maybe she wouldn't be one of the ones who would be broken in - one less monster he'd have to hear screaming more than he already did. Maybe she would listen to him, unlike all the other new monsters. 

So he leaned forward on his knees, looking down at the table so no one could tell he was talking to her, and began to speak. "I mean it. You can't let any of them know what you want, or they'll take it away and use it against you. Don't trust any of the other monsters, no matter how nice they act - they aren't your friends, they're just using you for whatever they can get, and they don't care what happens to you. You shouldn't trust me either. Monsters don't have friends, especially not in Freak Camp.

"You can't fight any of the guards. Don't try, and don't even think about questioning or arguing. Just do what they say, give them what they want. It'll be worse otherwise." He stopped there, before the wealth of details he could have given her on what to do when they decided they wanted to use her body. Crusher probably would first. He liked those that seemed most helpless, innocent, most likely to squirm, and that often meant kids, as young as he could get them. But Sam couldn't tell her about that, about what they would do to her and the best ways to relax your throat. It wasn't a mercy or kindness, but he wouldn't do it. Hopefully, when the time came, she'd remember his general advice about not fighting, and they wouldn't pull out the silver nails.

Kayla said nothing. Sam chanced a glance at her, sideways from under his hair. 

She had bent her head down, like him, and was picking at her fingernail. "Where'd you get the blankets last night?"

Sam shifted at the question, but made it look like he was just moving as he ate. Never a good idea for the guards to get interested in the conversation of a couple of monsters. "I paid for them."

She kept staring, though not as directly. "With what? Do you have money?"

Sam resisted the urge to put his hands over his face, to block out her eyes and the mess hall and everything. What could he tell her? Should he tell this frightened girl about blowing Crusher when it looked like what he really wanted to do was cut his name into your back with a blowtorch? Should he tell her what Victor liked him to do with his tongue or what to say to Karl to get him hard—and thus blow fast enough not to get bored and start using his club on you.

He risked a glance at her, into her clear, pretty eyes—not even her eyes, she's a shifter, remember—and knew he couldn't. Becca hadn't told him, though looking back he knew now where all those meals and blankets had come from. Some days he missed her so much it hurt.

But he wouldn't lie to Kayla either. Pretending it would get better would just kill her faster.

"No money," he said. "I...do things for the guards."

She hesitated. "Like...run errands or..."

Sam shook his head. That was so wrong, so unlikely--if a guard told him just to "run an errand," Sam would expect a cock down his throat at the very least. "No, no, I do things...with my body...the others call me whore."

The other monsters always filled the word with enough venom that he'd twitch in response, but not just because of the word. It was because of the threat and loathing in their voices. He wasn't sure if they were simply jealous of the skills that earned him his extra blanket and food, or if it really was that bad, what he did. If in the real world it was really that horrifying and shameful to say yes to the guards—when it was that or having his back whipped raw—or to ask for it when he could feel himself starving after mornings without breakfast.

Head Alley was just a dark corner where they pushed Sam down and unzipped their pants. By the time he got there the negotiations were over, the bargaining was done, and he no longer had the option of talking his way out of putting out. He just had to hope they kept up their end of the deal.

Most did. It meant the customers would keep coming back.

After all, it wasn't like all monsters didn't get fucked. The others had to hate him because he said yes, no matter what they told him to do. And that...a real wouldn't do that. The other monsters usually still thought they were reals, or better than reals.

How different it must be to have the luxury to think you deserved more than pain, and death, and shame. He hated them sometimes, that they could think themselves worthy of being human. Then again, he had seen that belief break them, over and over again, and he was still alive. 

He hoped Kayla wouldn't start calling him "whore". He couldn't afford to get angry about anything that didn't keep him alive.

"Does it hurt?" she asked.

Not always, Sam thought. Not now that I know what to do. "Yes, it hurts," he said. "But it hurts more if you fight. They hurt you more," and enjoy it more, "if you fight."

Sam saw the vampire coming out of the corner of his eye, was bracing himself, but Kayla jumped when the taller monster came up behind them and shoved Sam into the table.

It hurt, the unyielding metal grinding against his ribs, but didn't do damage. Celler knew better than to hurt Sam seriously while Crusher and Lonny Fitzpatrick (who didn't like getting sucked, but liked to watch and work himself) were guarding the mess hall. He was a vampire who'd had his jaw permanently wired together because he'd managed to get out of his muzzle twice and started biting other monsters. He'd gotten his longer nickname "Cellulitis" from the raw, red way his skin looked from frying in the sun. (The guard who had named him had been moved to working in Special Research soon after. Victor always scoffed that The young punk was too smart to be stuck herding the general freaks).

"Found yourself a pet, whore?" Celler mumbled. Because of the way they'd wired his vampire fangs to his human teeth, and then to his lower jaw, every word he spoke had to fight its way through two layers of clenched teeth. He got his ration of blood intravenously—if he had been "good"—when the werewolves came back from Intensive Containment. The borderline starvation made him even nastier than vamps usually were because of the sun-char. "She pay you back yet for last night by sucking you like you suck anything with a club?"

Sam seriously wished Kayla would stop flinching. Movements like that just drew more attention from the nasties, whether that was monsters like Celler or humans like the guards. Really, there wasn't much difference some days, except the guards had more power.

"No," he said, and kept his focus split between the vamp and Crusher, who watched while leaning against the wall, twirling his club.

"What am I saying? Maybe you don't like your cock sucked. Maybe you just like to put out. Is that it, Pretty Freak?" Celler slid a hand over Sam's shoulders. "If you're so hot to hit your knees, why don't you buy us all feather quilts, whore? I could hold you down, if that would make it easier."

Sam suspected that Celler was just envious. Vamps had nothing to bargain with but their asses—or cunts—and that kind of fucking always hurt the monster. Sam figured he'd hate anyone with a free mouth if he had to bend over for Bernard every time he needed to get fed.

Sam waited until the hand reached his collarbone—no way was he letting a vamp get a grip on his throat; he'd seen shifters with their throats ripped out while a vampire buried their mouth in the wound, hoping some of the lifeblood would seep through the muzzle. Then he slammed his head and body backwards as hard as he could, unbalancing Celler and ripping his hand off his shoulder, knocking him to the floor.

Celler was up almost instantly, hiss-whining through his teeth—what would have been a scream of rage for any other monster—but by that time the guards had noticed. When Celler went for Sam's throat with his hands and his mouth—vamps always forgot that they couldn't actually bite—Crusher was there. The first blow of Crusher's club against the back of Celler's head echoed with a wet crack through the mess hall and slammed the vamp's head into Sam's shoulder. Celler collapsed bonelessly to the floor, where he whimpered through his wired jaw and weakly moved his limbs. The next three unnecessary blows silenced the muffled cries and turned his lower face into so much mush.

"You fucking with my Pretty Freak, sucker?" Crusher panted. "He's too pretty for you. You know what might fuck you? I think I once saw a bulldog ugly enough to fuck your ugly face."

Celler scrabbled against the floor, arms and legs not quite working right from the blows, and Crusher kicked him in the groin. “Fucking get up, Celler,” he said. “You’re in the walkway. Or do you want me to get you up?”

The vampire drag himself beneath a bench, tucking his shaking arms and legs beneath the table. It seemed to be enough.

Sam was expecting it, but Crusher’s punch still slammed his face into the table.

“You wanna fuck a bloodsucker, Pretty Freak?” Crusher asked. “You rolling that slut tongue at him?”

“No, sir,” Sam said to the table.

Crushed clenched his fingers in Sam’s hair and jerked his head up. “What you say, freak?”

“No, sir. I’m not going to let them fuck me, sir.” Not going to let anyone, anyone…

Crushed pulled his face close. “You’re waiting for me, aren’t you, Pretty Freak? I’m gonna be the first cock in your ass.” He shugged. “Maybe second. Don’t care if Winchester goes first. Long as you scream for me. And you willscream for me, won’t you, Pretty Freak?”

“Yes, sir,” Sam said.

“Think Winchester will want to watch while I make you scream, Pretty Freak?”

Sam kept his breathing even. It wasn’t like Crusher hadn’t said it before. “I don’t know, sir.”

“You think I should—“

“Crusher!"

Sam didn’t relax as the guard turned away. If Crusher noticed him letting down his guard, he would take it as a challenge.

“What?” Crusher snapped at Lonny.

Lonny jerked his head around the room, where some monsters were taking advantage of Crusher’s distraction to move and talk. “Focus!” he said.

Crushed snorted and mumbled under his breath about fucking spoilsports, but he let go of Sam’s hair after one more slam down into the table. “Don’t let it happen again, freak,” he said, and walked away.

Sam looked around for Kayla after Crusher was far out of range and couldn’t interpret it as some kind of disrespect. She had slunk away into the confusion so quietly neither he nor Crusher had noticed. Sam found her two tables away, eyes down.

Smart girl, Sam thought, even though he didn’t want to, he didn’t want to give a damn about anyone in Freak Camp but himself. Maybe you’ll learn fast enough to survive.

He didn’t know for sure if that was a good thing.

~*~

That night, after evening roll call, Sam got back into the barracks just in time to see Celler filching his blanket.

For a second, a small, weak, irrational part of him thought, It’s not fucking fair—stupid, useless thought; he was a monster, and life wasn't supposed to be fair to him—but that part was quickly swallowed by rage. Hell no, Ipaid for that.

“Put it back!” he said, picking up his stride. Celler wasn’t going to give it back, Sam knew that. So he was going to…

The vamp laughed through his wiry smile. “Buy another one, whore.”

Sam hit him with all his weight, putting a little extra speed into the battering ram motion while the bastard was distracted. Sam clawed for his eyes, and the vampire flinched back. Of course he did—Sam could never hope to match the reflexes of an identified supernatural, but he had been fighting other freaks his entire life, maybe even before Celler had become a vamp. Sam didn’t catch the eyes, but he did catch his fingers in the wire around both sets of Celler’s teeth. He jerked the vampire’s head sideways and down and heard his neck crack—bones Crusher had probably broken snapping again. He forced Celler to the floor, his other hand pulling at the blanket in the vamp’s icy grip.

Celler snarled, twisted, and managed to kick Sam’s feet out from under him, but Sam jerked hard on the vampire’s shoulder and arm as he fell, throwing him over his own body and headfirst into a row of cots—many with monsters in them—before he hit the concrete floor. 

The spectators screamed, snarled, and swore when Celler slammed into them. Sam gave him a punch for good measure, and someone was wailing about the guards coming at any moment (“oh stop, please stop!”) but all Sam really cared about was that Celler still had his blanket.

A smart freak would have let it go, but the thing was, he really couldn’t buy another one. Sure, Victor liked Sam’s mouth on his cock, but he liked variety too, and Sam had a good instinct for when Victor wanted him on his knees and when he wanted him on a cutting table. If Sam tried to get another blanket, Victor would get his blow, and Sam would get another interrogation, if he got anything at all.

So he ignored the way his back ached from hitting the concrete and launched himself at Celler. They tumbled together into another row of monsters, and soon enough everyone was punching, biting, and doing their best to rip each other’s throats out.

In the midst of the melee, Celler and a couple other vamps—vampires stuck together, even when they hated each other; it was some kind of nest-bonding instinct and tended to get them in trouble—managed to pin Sam to the floor, the very blanket he had been fighting for binding his hands to his chest. Celler kneeled on him, knees digging under Sam’s ribs.

“We’re gonna bleed you,” he growled, sinking his fingers into Sam’s throat under his collar. “Then I’m going to bleed into you, you little cocksucker. Wanna be a vamp, like me? Wanna burn, like me? Let’s see how much shit you get when they wire that pretty mouth shut.”

Sam bucked beneath the vampires, almost blanking out from the panic. Celler couldn’t, he couldn’t take away Sam’s only bargainable skill, he couldn’t spread the vampirism. They’ll kill you, he thought frantically. You can’t they’ll kill you if you bleed me.

He didn’t give a flying fuck if Celler ended up under a blessed knife in interrogation. He didn’t give a damn. He just knew that as a vampire, he would have nothing, less than nothing. In Freak Camp, vamps were in constant pain from the sun, never had enough blood to fill them up, and could survive incredible amounts of damage without dying, without ever dying. There had been this vampire woman Sam knew once, and the guards had—

Sam’s mind shied away from the memory, wouldn’t even remember it (that could be you, under Crusher) clearly. He could imagine very few things worse than being stripped of the possibility of death.

Indeed, there was only one thing worse.

Dean couldn’t ever take a vampire out of Freak Camp. Not even Dean could do that, even if he’s stupid enough to want to.

Sam struggled and fought harder than he ever could or would against the guards, he repeated every piece of profanity he had ever heard, he jerked his arms and legs in their iron grips until his sockets ached, but the vamps had the leverage and the advantage.

Then Kayla jumped on Celler’s back and sank her teeth into his shoulder.

Celler jerked back, knocking off another vampire on the way, and suddenly Sam had a way to claw and kick and beat the other vampires aside.

He expected the shapeshifter to abandon him after Celler threw her off, but she stayed next to him, kicking, biting, and clawing like a monster twice her size.

What she lacked in skill she made up for in instinct and surprise. Shifters couldn’t catch vampirism, but most still didn’t use their teeth in a fight. She and Sam, miraculously, held their own against four vampires. Sam knew that the sick glee he felt slamming his fists into their bones (my fucking blanket!) couldn’t last, but it was good, right then, to fight and hold his own.

He wasn’t so sunk in the adrenaline of the fight he didn’t notice when the recording lights on the corner cameras went off, or when the shutters locked automatically on the vents—a preparation in case the administrators had to gas the monsters to control them.

Other monsters noticed, too. In the ensuing panic, he wheeled to Kayla and grabbed her by the shoulders.

She almost punched him in the face, but hesitated when she realized it was him.

Don’t hesitate, Sam thought. Don’t trust that just because it’s me, I won’t hurt you. Don’t trust that just because it’s my face, it’s me.

“Hide,” he said. “Now. Don’t come out!”

She stared. “But you’re—“

“Don’t let them see you, do what I say, hide now!” Sam shoved her roughly toward a set of cots that hadn’t been knocked over, and spun just in time to catch a clawed hand before it ripped open his face. He hoped she had listened to him. Becca had always had him hide under a cot in the corner during brawls.

When the guards burst in, clubbing down anything that moved hard enough to break bone, Sam stopped fighting the second a guard appeared in front of him. David Campbell—doing his round of yard duty—slammed his club into his diaphragm and dropped Sam to the floor, gasping. The other monsters—those that needed an extra blow to be incapacitated, or maybe just those that the guards knew could take the abuse—had more than the breath knocked out of them.

The guards dragged them to the yard. Sam breathed a sigh of relief that he didn’t see Kayla in their arms. Hopefully, coming into the fight late, as she had, the guards wouldn’t search thoroughly enough to find the shapeshifter girl.

When Sam was chained between the whipping posts, back-to-back with another monster so that all the brawlers could be strung up, he saw that Celler had both legs twisted at unnatural angles.

The guards strung them tight between the posts—some monsters were tied to the posts because there weren’t enough gaps—and then did a little more work on the instigators. Sam got punched repeatedly in the stomach and across the face, and he could hear Celler making harsh, choking noises, his equivalent to screaming, a few posts over.

The guards left them eventually. The icy wind cut through Sam’s thin clothes, and it felt like the only warmth in the world came from the shifter chained at his back. Even the floodlights and stars Sam could barely pick out in the dark night made it seem more cold.

I hope dawn comes quickly, Sam thought, hands already turning numb. But he knew it wouldn’t.

~*~

The next morning after roll call, all the combatants were whipped. Davey pushed Sam’s shirt up over his face (“Can’t scar that pretty mouth, can we?”) without unchaining him.

After assembly, instead of breakfast, the troublemakers were left on the whipping posts and the rest of the monsters from their barracks were herded back into lockdown, tied to their cots in the same way they had spent the night after the fight. Sam hoped the guards hadn’t been taking their anger out on the other monsters. It would only make life that much harder if they wanted to get revenge.

Kayla found him days later, when he had finally gotten some feeling back in his hands. She had a slightly different face, less pretty and innocent than her original one. Nothing the guards would notice—and cut her open for—but Sam noticed and approved.

She sat next to him and didn’t look at him—not directly at least. Sam still caught quick, furtive glances his direction. That was okay. If anyone noticed, they’d think she was afraid, and fear was acceptable. Much safer, for both of them, if people thought that their relationship was based on fear and not on…whatever it was based on.

It was stupid to care about other monsters. He wasn’t strong enough to be Becca, and he had no honest belief that this shifter girl would survive him. She was still too pretty and still fresh meat.

“I hid,” she said.

“Good,” Sam said.

She shifted her plate slightly to the left. She hadn’t licked it clean. She should learn to do that soon so she could get the most food possible. “You didn't say what I owe you. For the blanket. Unless…”

“I didn’t do it because I care,” Sam said harshly. He couldn’t afford to care. And he didn’t. He wouldn’t. “The guards come in when someone’s making too much noise or shifting. Sometimes they just beat the shit out of the instigator, sometimes they chain everybody to the bed and—“

“Like lockdown,” she said.

Sam nodded. “Yeah.”

“Still, you could have just hit me,” she whispered.

Don’t think about it. “Might not have worked.”

“You told me to hide. You saved me again. What do I owe you, Sam? I know I do.”

Sam thought. He wanted to say it didn’t matter—it disgusted him to think of taking anything from her that he did for the guards, or taking her food—but it did matter. If she hadn’t pushed this, he would have just walked away and it would have been that much easier, later, to listen to her screaming under the guards. Easier when she started calling him Pretty Freak and whore.

Now he had to care, if only the same way he cared about anything that could keep him alive or kill him. 

“We helped each other,” he said at last. “I protected myself by giving you a blanket so you’d stop crying. You jumped Celler because of the blanket. I told you to hide because you jumped Celler.”

Kayla looked like she knew he was giving her an easy deal. Her eyes narrowed suspiciously. “I still owe you.”

If not for you, I’d be a vamp right now. “We’re not friends,” Sam told himself as much as her. “It’s a mutually beneficial relationship.” The big words helped him distance himself.

"What's that mean?"

"I help you, you help me. We keep owing each other favors."

“So we keep helping, and it’ll even out in the end?” Kayla said. He nodded. “I’ll save you some day.”

Sam almost flinched. No one was saving anyone else in Freak Camp. The only person who would ever save him—maybe, possibly, please—was Dean. “Whatever.”

Sam stared at his empty plate—the guards were taking their time kicking the monsters out of the mess hall today—until he came to a decision. If they were (not friends) combining resources to survive, he might as well tell her now. At least he might not have to hear her scream.

“When Crusher comes for you, don’t fight, don’t struggle, don’t cry, don’t make a sound,” he said. “Sometimes, if you’re silent,” blank, absent, “they get tired and they finish faster, they come back less often.”

She stared. “Silent.”

“It’s best if you can blank out…separate…like you’re not even there. So you don’t have to think about it.”

He couldn’t read the expression in her shapeshifter eyes. She looked away, down, and then nodded.

He hoped the things that kept him alive would help her as well. Only because she still owed him and it would be nice, however briefly, to have a monster willing to take his advice.

And maybe—don’t get your hopes up, Sam, the fight was a one-time thing, she owed you—watch his back.