Entry tags: 

double crossing, spangel, spike/lindsey

Double Crossing, 2/8 

Title: Double Crossing 
Chapter: 2 of 8 
Pairing: Spike/Lindsey/Angel 
Rating: NC-17 
Warnings: m/m/m, bondage, torture, language 
Summary: Post NFA, Lindsey reappears, asking Spike for help. Trouble ensues. 
Author's Note: This is for faketoysoldier , who asked for S/L/A, karaoke, and the prompts smoke, microphone, cherry, and slip. I hope you like it! It's finished and I'll post updates daily. I'm in a terribly impatient mood, so please let me know if any mistakes slipped by me. Feedback is cherished.

Gorgeous, NSFW banner by blondebitz !

Previous chapters here.

Chapter Two

“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?”

Spike blinked sleepily. It wasn’t a pleasant way to wake up. At least Angel hadn’t hit him—

Whap!

“Oi! Keep your bloody great mitts to yourself!” Spike stumbled out of bed and glared at his grandsire while wiping away the blood that was now trickling from his nose.

“What the hell, William?”

Spike hated it when Angel called him that, as Angel knew perfectly well. “Was just having a kip, Liam,” he snarled.

“But what is that?!” Angel stabbed his meaty finger at the figure that hunched in the corner of Spike’s room, trussed and gagged quite prettily.

“My new toy.”

Angel sighed and crossed his arms over his chest. “Explain before I beat an explanation out of you.”

“Yeah? Like to see you try, ponce,” Spike sneered back, but only half-heartedly. After so many decades, he was weary of this old interplay. He sat on his bed. “He walked up to me at Terry’s, right? Said he needed protection from Wolfram and Hart, and if I gave it to him, he was mine.” He shrugged. “Seemed like a fair exchange.”

“That’s Lindsey McDonald!”

Spike lifted his eyebrows. Duh, as Buffy would have said.

“You brought Lindsey McDonald into my fucking house!”

“Well, it’s my house as well, innit?” Spike replied fiercely. Sure, Angel may have paid for the old heap ages ago, but Spike had lived here for six years now, fighting side by side with Angel, and he was entitled to some ownership claim as well. “Besides, isn’t it better to have him here, nice and tied up where we can keep an eye on him, instead of lurking about all sneaky-like?”

Angel opened his mouth, and then shut it. Pillock never could admit when Spike had a good point.

“He’s up to something,” Angel finally growled.

“I expect so,” Spike replied. In the corner, Lindsey tried to look innocent, which would have been difficult for him even without a ball gag stuffed in his mouth and his wrists and ankles chained to a metal bar.

“Put him in the cell in the basement.”

Spike had considered this. But that would have been inconvenient, what with Lindsey’s messy biological needs, and the lack of plumbing in the cage. Besides, he liked being able to watch his new pet, and smell him, and listen to the sound of his thudding heart. “No,” he told Angel. “I’ll keep him nearby. He’s not going anywhere, though, is he?” He wasn’t. He couldn’t even crawl, really, and he certainly wasn’t going to make it through the long corridor and then down three flights of stairs to the front door.

Angel scowled mightily.

“Can borrow him if you want, sire,” Spike grinned. “You’ve always fancied each other anyhow.”

Angel looked like he might hit Spike again, and Lindsey made a muffled sound. Then Angel spun on his heels and stomped out of Spike’s room.

Spike stretched and then reached for one of the objects beside his bed. “If I’m up anyway, might as well have some fun,” he said. He slapped the paddle loudly against his hand, chuckling as Lindsey flinched. “And you could do with some color in your cheeks.”

Having a pet was better than Spike had expected.

There was all the shagging, of course. He hadn’t been able to get his end away this much since Dru left him. Lindsey was warm and strong and, it turned out, his body was very willing even if it took some time for his mind admit it.

And then there were the games. Truthfully, although Spike enjoyed inflicting a bit of pain and humiliation now and then, real torture had always been Angelus’s thing and not his. But there were so many other ways to amuse himself with his new toy. There was the week he kept Lindsey locked in a humbler, letting him out only when he bathed, and watching him crawl in circles around the big lobby. Or the day he decided to see how many times he could make Lindsey come in a 24-hour period, aided by various vibrators, stimulators, and plugs. His pet started pleading to be allowed to rest only six hours in. Even better was the day Spike had decided to test the limits of vampire endurance and refactory periods, and see how many times he could come in 24 hours. Another time, he kept Lindsey’s cock locked in a chastity device for several weeks. He could piss through it, but he couldn’t touch himself or rub off; he couldn’t even get hard. He begged quite fetchingly over that as well.

But that wasn’t all. Lindsey also did chores. Washing blood-stained glasses, emptying ashtrays, scrubbing the bathtub. That sort of thing. And while Spike’s housekeeping standards weren’t incredibly high, and his schedule wasn’t so busy that he couldn’t do these things himself, he enjoyed watching his pet do them. Especially when Lindsey began doing things on his own, without being told, and with a small smile on his face and an extra shimmy to his arse while he worked. He was a good cook, as well, which was nice for a vampire who’d retained much of his taste for human food.

After several months, Spike had to admit to himself that what he liked even better about Lindsey was when Spike was watching telly, and his pet would sit on the floor and wrap his arm around Spike’s calves, and lean his head against a knee. And they’d watch together, and laugh or throw popcorn at the screen. Spike even got Lindsey rooting for Manchester United instead of pouting over missing Sooners games. And when they slept, sometimes Spike allowed Lindsey to share his bed, and to cuddle up against him, and the vampire had the bliss of a hard, warm body next to his.

The truth was, Spike had been lonely for some time. He was never meant to be alone, and before Lindsey appeared, with Angel spending all his free time off sulking in his own suite, Spike might as well as had the hotel to himself.

At first, Angel avoided them both as much as possible. Soon, though, Spike caught him peeking around corners or skulking in the shadows, usually with an odd expression on his face that Spike could almost swear looked like longing, or jealousy, or perhaps a bit of both.

A few weeks later, Angel began sauntering into Spike’s room while they were watching telly, ostensibly to ask a question about some trivial matter, or to make a pronouncement about their next demon round-up. But then he’d stay in the room for a bit, sitting stiffly on a wood-backed chair. Spike mostly ignored him.

Sometimes, too, Spike and Lindsey would be in the hotel’s huge kitchen. There was a small table in there, and Spike would sit at it, drinking some warmed blood and nibbling on whatever Lindsey had cooked up, while his pet sat at his feet, eating his meal off the Hyperion’s chipped old china. Angel would wander in nonchalantly and nod at Spike, then heat some blood of his own. He’d sit at the table as well, sipping away and reading a newspaper or thumbing through some dusty tract on curses or spells. It was…companionable.

Six or seven months after Lindsey arrived, Angel asked Spike if he’d like to watch a video in Angel’s suite. He’d bought a new flat-screen. So Spike and his slave wandered over and they all viewed some film in Norwegian, with subtitles, bloody depressing, actually, but it was still a pleasant time. It seemed to set a precedent, and soon they’d gather there every day, sometimes watching something, sometimes reading, sometimes even just talking. Lindsey began using Angel’s kitchen instead, and that’s where they ate, where the space was less empty, and every clink of a fork on a plate didn’t echo about the room.

Now and then, Angel smiled, or even laughed. And every time he did, a small thrill went through Spike. Not because he expected that his grandsire was ever going to be perfectly happy, happy enough to shed his soul, but rather because he was a tiny bit cheerful. A bit more like the Angelus he had once been, minus most of the death and mayhem. A bit more like the vampire Spike—No. He wouldn’t think of that.

It was a strange domesticity, to be sure, but what else could be expected of two souled vampires and a resurrected evil lawyer?

Nearly a year after Lindsey came to the Hyperion, and the three of them were gathered cozily in Angel’s suite. Spike and Angel were sharing the couch and watching a cop program on the telly.

Lindsey had been naughty earlier—something he couldn’t seem to avoid every now and then—and was being punished. Spike had chosen the worst torture imaginable for a lawyer: a metal device that kept his mouth ratcheted wide open, but kept him from being able to speak. Lindsey hated it, and kept throwing sulky looks in Spike’s direction until Spike blindfolded him as well, and cuffed his hands behind his back. So now he was on his knees on the floor, his cheek resting on the carpet, and his nicely-reddened arse serving as Spike’s footstool. At least Spike had taken off his Docs.

Out of the corner of his eye, Spike caught Angel staring wistfully at his pet’s raised bum. It was worth staring at.

Spike moved his feet down to the floor and scooted so that he was no longer seated directly behind Lindsey. Then he raised a single eyebrow, looked at Angel, and gestured at his former spot.

Angel frowned and Spike could nearly see the gears turning in his head. Then, with a resolute look, the brunet vampire moved over until he was in Spike’s old spot, his great feet propped on Lindsey’s arse. Spike handed him one of the bottles of stout he’d stockpiled beside himself. Angel drank almost half of it in one draught and looked actually comfortable, for the first time in Spike’s recent memory.

“Got a call today,” Angel said. Lindsey startled, apparently just then becoming aware that the feet on him did not belong to Spike. The vampires ignored him.

“Yeah?” said Spike.

“Xander Harris.”

“Droopy boy?” Spike asked incredulously.

“He’s not so droopy any more. Or a boy, for that matter. He’s…sort of a Watcher now. He works with Buffy.”

Spike simply stared at Angel. The two of them rarely discussed the Slayer. Spike knew Angel heard from her every once in a great while, when there was Slayer business that had to do with the Los Angeles area. Angel was always especially dark and withdrawn after those brief conversations. For his part, Spike had got past his love for Buffy, but he doubted whether his grandsire ever would. He sighed. “So. What did the whelp want?”

“To warn us, mostly. There’s been an increase in demon activity worldwide for the last few months.”

“Really? Been rather quiet here.”

Angel shrugged. “He also said they caught up with a couple Tlaxars recently, who said something about evil in LA.”

Spike snorted. “There’s always evil in LA.” He gestured at the telly, which was showing some sort of talent competition. The bird on stage wasn’t as bad as Angel, but she was close. “Look at that rot, for example.”

“It was just a head’s up. We should keep our eyes open for anything going on.”

“There was that nest of Falanjoids we found last week.”

“They’re pretty run-of-the mill, Spike.”

“Yeah, well, you didn’t get their slime all over your coat. Cost me a fortune to have cleaned.”

“Cost me a fortune, you mean.”

Spike grinned. “Business expense.”

Angel rolled his eyes but didn’t argue. Instead, he took another big swig.

Several minutes later, Spike noticed that Angel was absently sliding one foot up and down Lindsey’s cheek. Spike suppressed a smile and pretended to watch the caterwauling on the television.

Most of a case of Guinness later, Angel’s pedal caresses had become more intense until Lindsey was squirming beautifully underneath him. Spike couldn’t tell whether the man was wriggling in distress or pleasure, and didn’t really care. He was too transfixed by the sight of it.

Angel was, too. He’d stopped watching the program some time ago. Now his mouth hung slightly open and his eyes were dark and glistening.

Slowly, Spike moved his hand to his groin and dug the heel of it against his bulge, just right. He tuned out the obnoxious sound from the television and instead listened to Angel’s slight panting and to Lindsey’s small, open-mouthed whimpers and whines. His pet’s cock was hard, poking wetly against his belly as he writhed. Lindsey was clearly struggling mightily to maintain the position he’d been put into.

Spike rubbed a bit harder. When his trousers became too confining, he unbuttoned them and stroked his firm flesh directly. Angel’s glance flicked in his direction, and his brown eyes widened slightly. Spike heard him swallow. And then, very deliberately, Angel put down his empty bottle and unfastened his flies, releasing his own erection. He began to fondle it in the same tempo as Spike.

Unconsciously, Spike licked his lips. There had been only that one time with Angelus, over a century ago now, but he still clearly remembered the taste of that cock, the feel of it in his mouth and in his arse.

Angel saw him and smirked slightly. Spike curled his tongue around his teeth and gave Angel his most lascivious look. Lindsey only moaned.

For quite some time, they wanked in tandem. Spike liked the crease of concentration between Angel’s brows and the way his eyelashes fluttered when he teased the tip of his glans with his thumb. When a throaty little sigh escaped Angel, Spike could stand it no longer. He lifted his hips and slid his jeans off completely. Then he stood and knelt in front of Lindsey. He unlocked the handcuffs and pushed the man’s hands to the floor. He pulled the long hair tightly until Lindsey’s gaping mouth was even with his groin, and then he slid his cock inside.

Lindsey immediately started sucking most enthusiastically. That left his hind end still occupied only by Angel’s bare feet. Angel paused in his self-administrations to watch as Spike’s column of flesh slid between Lindsey’s spit-dampened lips.

“He’s already slicked, Sire,” Spike said, and saw Angel’s cock twitch when he said the last word without sarcasm.

Angel bit his lip and shut his eyes for a moment. And then he was on his knees, too, smoothing his palms over Lindsey’s arse. The big muscles in Lindsey’s shoulders and back were quivering and tense.

Lindsey had a butt plug in him. He usually did. This was one of Spike’s favorites, just big enough to keep him open and prepared for his Master. The base of it was set with a large fake jewel, and Spike fancied the sparkle of it. Angel grasped the plug and twisted it while moving it slightly in and out. Lindsey made a strangled noise around Spike’s cock, which was actually rather nice.

And then Angel pulled the plug completely out. He tossed it aside and, in one quick movement, shoved himself deeply inside Lindsey. The movement pushed the man forward so that Spike’s cock was fully engulfed and his pet’s nose was buried in Spike’s curls. Spike smiled and thrust forward, sending Lindsey back so that Angel was fully seated within him.

The vampires quickly found a rhythm, propelling the hapless human back and forth between them. Spike couldn’t take his eyes off the sight of Angel’s cock buried in his pet, just as he knew Angel was mesmerized by the action on Spike’s end of the slave. It was the hottest thing Spike had experienced since…well, since about bleeding ever.

On impulse, he released his grip on Lindsey’s hair, and instead reached over and grasped Angel’s shoulders. Spike leaned forward then and managed to touch his lips to Angel’s. Angel tensed for a moment. Then he placed his hands on either side of Spike’s face and captured him for a bruising, passionate kiss.

They’d never kissed before. Not that one time, even. In fact, the only time Spike could remember those lips touching him was when he was in the sodding wheelchair in Sunnyhell, and Angelus had mockingly smooched his forehead. There was nothing mocking about this kiss, or about the way Angel’s cold hands seemed to burn right into his skin.

Lindsey bucked beneath them, and Spike realized he was likely suffocating his pet. Regretfully, he pulled away from Angel. Lindsey sucked air in greedily through his nose.

After that, it was very fast. Spike pumped into Lindsey’s mouth only a few more times, and then his head was spinning and he was coming. He was still shuddering with his climax when Angel threw back his head and juddered heavily into Lindsey, his face flashing to demon for a split second before becoming human once again.

Panting and sated, the vampires withdrew. Lindsey collapsed on his side, his chest heaving. Semen was dripping from his mouth and arse, and, Spike noticed with amusement, his pet’s own spend was splattered on the carpet next to him.

Angel sat on his heels and leaned back against the couch. His trousers were puddled around his knees. He looked knackered, but not unhappy. In fact, he even gave Spike a shy little smile, which was a surprise. Spike had expected anger and embarrassment.

“That was good,” Angel said quietly.

Spike nodded. “It was.”

Spike decided it was a good time to end the night, before one of them could ruin the moment. He stood and picked his jeans off the floor. Lindsey’s leash was hanging on the arm of the couch, and Spike hooked it onto his collar. Before he led his pet away, though, he crouched in front of Angel and, quickly, stole one more kiss from his shocked grandsire. And then, without another word, he pulled Lindsey out of Angel’s suite.

Chapter 3