The stars hung low that night, twinkling like sprinkled pearls across a vast, dark ocean. They looked almost close enough to touch, even if her hand was so infinitely small against the sky.
Hinami sighed and retracted her hand back out of dreaming and into reality. Not that reality was all that bad, though a tad cold. Her fur, whilst excellently suited for camouflage against the sandy rocks here, speckled in brown and cream as it was, did not help her against the chilly midnight wind in Vol'dun up here on the bluffs.
She stretched her arms once more towards the skies, feeling her joints give a satisfying pop, before hauling herself up from the rock, brushing a few pebbles out of her tail as she walked back to the outcrop under which their caravan had camped for the night. Even from afar, she could hear Ateh's eternal, cheerful humming - and it set her stomach just as much aflutter on the hundred-and-first time, as it did on the very first. With a devious grin, she slowed down to better meld in with the rock, crouching down low and quiet as to not disturb her mate.
Gently, silently, she crept past their sleeping alpaca, past where their moving home has been secured with rocks, lest it might roll off the bluffs. Sticking her head out from behind one of the wheels, she could spot Ateh, silver fur illuminated with a halo of fire behind him, where he was currently arranging furs and blankets - his head once in a while turning upwards, to admire the stars she had gazed at but minutes before. He must have had the idea to sleep under the stars tonight.
She couldn't agree more.
With the stealth befitting of a skilled hunter, she stalked up behind the kill, making sure to keep to the long shadow he cast from the fire. She had to take a step to the side, lest his tail brush against her and ruin the surprise.
She took the last steps swiftly, as she wrapped one arm around his waist, spreading her hand across his stomach, as her other came to rest over his eyes. His brief but genuine startle she soothed with a playful: _"Got you now!"_ as she barely withheld her laughter.
Recovering quickly and following in tandem, Ateh played his part brilliantly. _"Oh no, woe is me, I have been captured by a mighty bandit queen, oh no!"_
Rather than struggling against her, he laid one hand against his forehead, hand above hers, as he swooned into her embrace. She barely managed to keep a straight face from his theatrics by nuzzling her snout against his neck and jaw, brushing up to whisper in his ear. _"That's right. Mine."_
Ateh laughed, that wonderful laugh that made her heart sing. _"All yours, my bandit queen,"_ he sighed, his breath catching as she nipped gently at his jawline.
 _"All mine?"_ she asked, Hinami's voice laced with promise. The furs and blankets under her paws were soft and the fire was warm. She let her lower hand wander south, setting on the thigh of her partner to make her intent clear, stroking his neck with little unspoken questions.
 _"All yours,"_ Ateh responded, leaning into her touch with a contented sigh as he rolled his head to give her tongue easier access. He reached down to help her one hand with releasing the knots and buckles at his clothing, feeling them being tossed to the side of their sleeping pile. Even if he couldn't see her, he could feel her soft fur at his back, her arms holding him upright. And he could smell her, even in spite of the campfire. Like a field of wildflowers in bloom.
The last of his clothing was thrown to the side with reckless abandon and he could feel her gently licking her way down to his shoulder, her free hand guiding him down onto the blankets. She carefully wriggled out from behind him, even as he was laid down. There was a momentary pause, before he could feel Hinami lean in, her breath hot on his ears as she whispered.
 _"Don't look. Alright?"_ she asked, waiting for him to give his nod of acquiescence. Closing his eyes, he could feel her hand slipping away from his eyes, running down his cheek and jaw in a loving caress that made his skin tingle. He could hear the thumps of her armour being cast aside, and despite his eagerness to see her, he laid back with his hands anxiously running over his thighs - desperate for something to do as he was made wait.
Ateh's ears perked up as he felt her weight settle next to him, her steady hands running through his fur spreading warmth and want all over his body. She cooed softly, sounding so clearly pleased it made his heart beat faster, as ran her hand across his cheek. _"Open your eyes, my love,"_ Hinami breathed, barely audible over the crackling of the fire.
There was a tiny part of him that didn't want to, that wanted this moment to last into eternity, him lying back and letting her speak and touch him in the dark, lying prone to her unseen ministrations. But only a tiny part. Eagerly he opened his eyes and turned to face his mate.
His heart felt as if it had taken a dip down his stomach, only to come rocketing up into his throat to do somersaults. With the dying fire their only light save for the twinkle of stars, her brown and cream speckled fur seemed to shimmer before his eyes, never settling into one single thing, each light shift of movement or breeze causing her pattern to dance before his eyes. Without thinking, he reached up to run his hand over her midriff, feeling himself stir at her slight gasp of want. His hand roamed upwards over her bared chest, light at first, but heavier as she leaned into his hand with a longing sigh.
Hinami felt the warmth of the fire at her back slowly getting outshone by the warmth spreading from Ateh's hand roaming across her body, exploring her with absolute abandon. His loving eyes, a mesmerising and fiery amber even on the most overcast of days, looked positively ablaze in the light of their campfire. She scarcely noticed how far she had been leaning into his touch, nor his other hand coming to rest at her hip, until he gently pulled her to him - unintentionally causing her to tumble with a squeak, surprising them both to nervous, heady laughter. She felt herself bob up and down with each of his breaths, his laugh like music to her ears, and buried her face in his neck.
Her hands began roaming down his sides, over his arms and gently stroking the soft hair on his ears, even as he in turn ran his hands across her back, her rear and carefully through her tail - picking from it what little of the brush had been caught in it through the day. They didn't need to speak, for they knew each other well enough to find meaning in the other's rising breathing and eager hands.
Her tail twitched in excitement as she pushed herself upright, slinging one leg across over him. Looking down, Hinami found Ateh looking back up at her with an enraptured smile, the same she saw him have when looking at the most beautiful sunset. But no sunset had him pressing his groin against her so, nor did it inspire such fervour. Her body was on fire, her loins sent sparks of joy up and down her body every time she ground against him. Her need was reflected in his eyes.
In silent agreement, she reached down for his manhood, unsheathed and at the ready, loving the sound of his hiss of pleasure from her touch, even as his hands settled on her hips. Eagerly, she guided him to the outside of her slit and ran herself against his length - letting him feel how wet she had already become. Together as one, they moaned in want.
 _"Hinami,"_ he breathed, looking up at her, his fingers trawling through the fur at her hips, grasping and kneading into her. Ateh threw back his head with a moan as she rubbed herself against him, letting the entrance of her slit slide up and down his shaft, but giving no entry. Her hand held him steady against her, getting them both moaning their need into the night.
 _"Ateh,"_ she sighed, her one free hand roughly running across his chest in passion. Shifting her weight, she pushed her thighs upwards just a little, leaning down to gently touch the tip of his snout to hers, even as she positioned the flared tip to her slit. Quivering, feeling as if the very air was electric, she released him and placed both hands onto his chest. And with a molten, loving look down at her partner, she began to dip down onto his member, taking him inside, bit by bit.
Both of them moaned as one in rapture as he spread her out, his fingers flexing and releasing on her hips as she held herself aloft above him. They might have stayed like that, but their need would not be denied, and Hinami slowly descended down his length, taking him further into her. A shudder ran up her spine as she cooed, closing her eyes to focus on the feeling of him slowly going deeper inside of her. She could tell from the fine little shakes in his hands that he was struggling to hold back, want and lust pleading with him to thrust, but self discipline just barely holding himself at bay. She ran her hands across his chest and ears and face, her soft, murmuring moans giving praise.
A rough groan escaped from the back of her throat as she felt him press deep inside her, feeling the fur tickle against the sides of her flower, as she rubbed herself on his enlarged base. They laid joined together like so for the span of a few breaths, before she began to rise. And then descend.
His hands, previously just helping hold her aloft, began to gently pull her down onto where he met her thrusts with his own, soft grunts accompanying each movement of their hips. The wet sound of their joining adding to the song of their lovemaking, as she began to ride him in earnest, driving him deep inside of her every time she rolled her hips down on him.
Ateh grasped at her hips, pulling her down faster onto his member, feeling her grind against his groin and barely able to make heads and tails of it, his head swimming with it all. His hand reached behind her to grasp firmly at her rear, digging into her soft flesh as he pulled at her with increasing need, until he could take it no more.
With a roll of his hips and a push and a pull, their positions were flipped and he was on top, driving himself into her with wild abandon. Hinami's claws dug into his back, scraping slight rends over his back that would mend in the morning, the marks of their passion simply spurring him on with a rough growl. Leaning closer to her, breathing in the scent of her and of their love, he nested his snout against her soft, slight breasts - even as they moved with every thrust, brushing against his face each time.
She was gasping his name, clawing at him, her legs clasped firmly behind him to draw Ateh even closer to her, even deeper into her as she thrashed in pleasure, pushing him on. He could feel her start to shudder, her muscles starting to spasm as she closed swiftly into her climax - his not too far behind her. His head rose to growl a wordless profession of love in her ear, even as he began to push even further into her, further still than before.
A long, wordless cry escaped Hinami's throat as her muscles spasmed, her pleasure reaching its peak as her back arched, pressing him deeper into her, switching swiftly between thrashing wildly and shaking in stillness, unable to move for the sheer power of her release. His own pained growl of sheer pleasure joined hers, finally pressing all the way inside and into blissful rapture. His muscles screamed as he tensed them all, finding his release within her with a final, triumphant howl.
For a moment of pure bliss, they were as statues, hovering atop the plateau of pleasure.
Then, with great, panting breaths he collapsed onto her, energy spent in their passion. They were both vaguely aware of the other coming down from their peaks, even as they shifted to make themselves a smidge more comfortable - Ateh still lodged in her. Gentle strokes across each other's fur were exchanged with loving licks, as they descended from the dizzying heights of pleasure.
They laid still against each other, their rapid breathing settling down to a reasonable speed ever so slowly. The occasional breeze brushed across them, cooling them down to where they could move again without feeling as if baked. Hinami gently ran her fingers across his ear, causing a shudder and a contented sigh from Ateh, who leaned into the touch for a moment. Then, slowly, he lifted his head, only to gently rest his forehead against hers - their tired eyes full of warmth and tenderness meeting.
 _"I love you, Hinami."_
 _"I love you too, Ateh."_