True Brit
by SZENSEI
Copyright© 2023 by SZENSEI

Episode 1: OH, BROTHER!

“Come on in guys. My parents aren’t home right now so the crib is all ours. Mom’s never home she’s a model and dad is always out running around. He’s laid off so he’s slumming it. We can hang out for a couple of hours at least.” coaxed Lancelot Foxx. Not really his first name but he liked bluffing people into believing him. Chivalry was definitely dead in his eyes.

Lance Foxx and his family had moved back to the great state of Florida last spring. Eleven years away having transitioned in their youth to upstate Vermont. Florida was where their parents were born and raised so coming home was the right thing to do. The aging grandparents choosing the wilds of the Northeast and taking a risk on a lucrative business deal back in the 90’s left Keith behind with their own children, Keith’s parents, until that fateful day. The choice move from Florida to Vermont when Lance and his twin sister Britney were five was unfortunate, their great grandparents taking ill up in New England encouraged their folks into an impromptu relocation. Their father’s grandparents were well to do vineyard farmers but inevitably couldn’t care for their crops as they used to, thus a hopeful inheritance spoke.

Keith Foxx being the good son, only son, took it upon himself to rescue his grandparents. Wife Rita at the time was dedicated to him and went along. The more things change they say! Both grandparents passing on gave him the grapes but also left Keith saddled with unpaid loans and bills. Parents deceased and far too much debt Keith gave up and sold the vineyard cheap, paid what he could and ditched the vines. Besides that, Rita was missing Florida and the sunshine, the beaches, the hot guys. Yes, Rita was unfaithful as her kids grew older. To save their marriage Keith caved and inevitably agreed to return to the Sunshine State and resume their old haunts. To be honest Keith missed Florida too.

His parents prided him on trying to save the vineyard but didn’t give him hades for giving up. What his parents should have done, Keith did for them, so what could they truly say. So, yes, back to Spring Leak, Florida. Spring Lake! Inside joke! Swampy area but not as deep South as the Everglades. Not terribly far from Tallahassee but caught in between. Sadly, as soon as they settled into a cheap home Rita was gone more often than not. Excuses made, truth told, Keith let her do what she wanted, and he pretty much raised the kids. At least they were old enough to help fend for themselves.

For the children their transition was awkward to say the least after so many years away. Lance himself had difficulty making new friends. At age five before the move, he barely had any back in the day, a babysitter’s son at best. Seventeen when returning to Florida, now at eighteen for only a week and a bit of a rogue socially, the struggles left him hanging out with the outsider crowd. Not that he complained. After a rough year here, he recently managed to befriend fellow skateboarders Evan Daniels and Trent Styles. Even they had avoided him up until a few weeks ago under pressure of bossy jocks. Both young men his own age and stunted in height followed their school in alienating Lance for his shitty attitude and conniving persona. Each of them had yet to escape 5’5 status. Lance and his sister at least hit 5’6! So there! Sad when their dad was 6’2 and mother 5’7!

“Nice crib, Foxx.” Trenton Styles, but Styles was all that he cared to go by nodded while checking out photographs on the wall. Evan Daniels joined Styles in observing family portraits zeroing in on the one thing they knew better than Lance himself. Time to play dumb!

“Hey, Bro?” Styles perked up, “Who’s the hot chick?” As if he didn’t know!

“I think I’ve seen her around school.” Evan added, hiding a devilish smirk. Both boys were well aware the hot girl existed. Unlike Lance she was quickly popular around school, but being the nerdy outsiders they were, the boys couldn’t get close to her even if they wanted to. Lance was their secret way in.

“That’s my twin sister Britney. A senior and eighteen last week like me. Even I think she’s fine. You two buttholes have to know about her, every guy at school is hitting on Brit.”

“Set us up, Dude.” Styles joked with a hint of seriousness.

Rubbing his chin, ever the schemer, Lance cocked a brow, “What’s in it for me?”

Evan shrugged not knowing how to respond, “Eternal friendship?”

“Yea, no. It has to be worth my effort.”

Styles pondered his own way in, “You can date my sister.” He didn’t have one! Dumbass!

Evan chuckled, “You can date my mom. She’s a MILF!”

“I hear a shower. That’s Brit, she stayed home from school today. Hooky!”

“She’s in my third period class I think.” Styles pondered aloud, “Algebra.”

“Maybe! I don’t keep up with that shit. Stop acting like you don’t know her. Bitch that hot turns heads. Get’s those heads hard even. Hell, I get a stiffy around her.” Lance admired a photo of his sister from a past prom up in Vermont. Her long brown hair silky smooth and flowing over her tanned shoulders. Big blue eyes that cried seduction shot right through anyone viewing her picture. A bulging cleavage that her dress barely contained looked ready to topple free. Squinting, Styles thought he spotted nip slip. Guess not! Dammit!

Evan on his toes lifted up to look over Lance’s shoulder at that same pic, “Dang. Those tits must be double D’s.”

“38D! Trust me, I snoop.” Lance chuckled with a sly grin. “Her G-string collection is off the charts.”

“I’ll buy a pair!” Styles jumped at the possibility.

“You wouldn’t look good in them.” Lance chuckled, “Besides, you couldn’t afford a pair.”

“Have you seen her naked?” Styles enthusiastically asked.

“Hell, yeah! She even knows I did and let me watch. Busted her like three times now. Brit never locks her bedroom door. The last time I caught her masturbating she was having phone sex with the prom date in that picture. Sixteen at the time, that was just before we moved back from Vermont. It was awesome! She’s a screamer. Knuckles deep, Bro!” They boys were in awe of his report. Not quite true, he had witnessed something shortly after their birthday, but Lance actually kept his mouth shut on that one.

Brilliance struck Lance as he posed an index finger in the air then motioned for the boys to wait for him as he proceeded to head down the hall toward the bathroom. At the restroom door he listened to hear his sister humming as she showered. Hesitantly, he tested the doorknob and found it unlocked. “Bitch still doesn’t lock a door!” Easing it open he peered inside to see Britney through a foggy set of glass shower doors. Her body was perfect, lengthy legs even for her 5’6 stature. Firm belly, solid hips, and tight ass. It was difficult even for Lance not to want to whistle.

Carefully shutting the door, he returned to his buddies waiting out in the hallway. “Ten bucks each and I’ll let you see her in the shower. Gotta hurry, she’s washing her hair.” Both boys looked at each other as if in shock then began digging through their wallets and pockets.

Barely coughing up the amounts, they handed over the cash. Lance then headed back down the hall and motioned them to follow. At the door he listened again to make certain that her status had not changed. Convinced it was safe he opened the door and looked carefully inside at the same basic stance she had been in earlier. She was tilting her conditioner bottle now.

Guiding the boys to the door to peer in they nearly fell over at her nudity, even at how much the fogged-up glass offered. They were speechless and each hogging space for a better look. Watching her apply the conditioner and turn her back to them they saw her curvy bottom touch the glass on the door pressing into it lightly. On silent mode Lance snuck in behind his sister and made it look as if he were spanking her ass. Light palm prints patting the glass without her ever knowing. The boys wanted to do that too, so Lance took the risk and let them enter one by one to do the very same. Friends forever after that. Lance went so far as to take a cell pic to bribe the boys out of more money later. Finally, Lance forced them out of the way and closed the door.

Hurrying back to the living room they sat down and marveled over what they had seen. Lance sharing that photo added, “I think I’ll have this turned into a real pic and put it up there with her prom photo. I wonder how long it would be before she would even notice it.” Laughter was contagious.

“Damn dude!” Evan laughed. “That was awesome! What does twenty bucks get?”

“Copy of this pic!” Lance chuckled then sighed over it. Time to switch tactics! “I don’t want your money guys. This was just a teaser.” He handed their money back. A bargaining chip for another time he strategized.

“Wow! Dude, you’re cool as hell.” Styles nodded.

“I know. Besides, I know how to sucker Brit. She’s extremely naïve. Might be I can sucker her into teasing you guys. If I do though, you can’t let on that I set her up.”

Evan smirked formulating his own plan, “I dare you to get her to come out here in a towel.”

“Dare, huh.” He chuckled, “Buy me lunch tomorrow.”

“He’s got lunch. I’ll buy the breakfast burritos the day after if you pull it off.” Styles added. “Her towel that is. Off of her body!”

“Deal! Wait until she heads for her room.”

Informing them to show some patience Lance activated his Xbox and quietly played “Grand Theft Auto”, while they waited. Ten minutes into their game they heard the bathroom door open up. Lance sat back with his controller and paused the game to effectively get his sisters attention.

“Hey, Brit? Come here a second. It’s urgent.” After a brief hesitation his darling sister shuffled down the hall toward the living room. The boys had dominated the sofa, each settling in on one arm of the couch, but out of her immediate sight.

“What’s wrong?” She pleasantly asked as she dried her hair with a smaller towel. Covering her lithe body was a broader towel that barely concealed her bulging chest, while also mischievously riding extremely high on her thighs. With her arms lifted to dab at her hair the body towel dared to show off her pussy in thin favors.

“Dad called. He said he was going out to the VFW, and we had to feed ourselves. He said you had cash for a pizza.”

Reaching the threshold of the living room Britney Marie Foxx entered without worry, still obstructed at first from her admirers. Once she realized they were there she froze in her step and gently dropped her jaw. No hurry to escape however she maintained her drying and even stepped out further so that the boys could see her better. Naive? Maybe it was her brother who was clueless!

“I didn’t realize you had visitors. Awkward!” Not enough to cut and run!

Evan spoke up fast, “No problem! We both have sisters.” NOT! “Seen it all. I’m Evan. This is Styles.”

She bit her lower lip playing it as nervous and slightly covered her chest with the handheld towel before shaking her wet mane like a pooch. While neither boy was truthfully her type, Brit did like showing off a bit as long as she found it fun. Obviously, virgins, their eyes weren’t even blinking.

“Hi.” She smiled then drolly scowled at Lance, “You could have warned me.”

“Guess so! Not, sorry!” He never was! “Wanna play GTA with us?”

Looking to her left she eyed the video game paused on the big screen TV. She loved playing video games. Gnashing her teeth she exhaled loudly, “Sounds fun. Let me get dressed really quick.” Examining both boys, she caught them looking at her with pitiful gazes of disappointment. “Virgins, I swear!” Her thoughts on the matter, “This could be hilarious though.” Rolling her eyes, she smiled at them.

“Okay! I can dress later. I’m covered, right?” Dumb brunettes! Them, not her! She marched straight for the entertainment center to locate a pink controller on a charging dock which rested on the lowest shelf. This required her to bend over to obtain it. In doing so her bare ass popped into view for the boys to catch a glimpse of her pussy lips and shadowy butt pucker. It was ever so brief. “Take that you geeky virgins!” Evil cunt! She and Lance were twins, both never fell far from the grapevine. Oranges now!

Their eyes popped out of their heads as she grinned sheepishly out of their field of witness. Standing up Brit twirled on the ball of her foot to face them. She then acted as if her towel was coming loose squealing faintly. Catching it meant dropping the smaller towel to her feet. Bracing the larger towel, she acted as if holding the controller made things near impossible. She chose to prop the controller beneath her chin while holding the towel against her cleavage. Once feigning adjustment, she scurried to the couch.

Dropping into the cushion between the two lads she found the hemline of her towel over her lap to be riding even with her bikini area. Ignoring it she let the guys slyly capture shots of her clitoral hood and peach fuzz. Slick bitch! They had trouble keeping their eyes off of her toned legs and that soft shell taco. Stretching her legs out a tad she wiggled her toes. “I need to paint my nails.” The boys volunteered which made her wrinkle her nose at them. “Get me in, Baby Brother.” Lance took a few minutes to set up dual players and got her started. As the minutes passed the two of them raced a gauntlet of intersections filled with chaos. By all of eight minutes he grumbled and mentally bragged over how good he was at the game. Otherwise, their vocal silence was deafening. Music in the background was loud enough as it was. Styles and Evan were sweating bullets while saliva drooled from the corners of their lips. Here Kitty Kitty!

“I’m beating you, Lance.” She giggled.

“Not going to happen.” He claimed while having difficulty not looking over at his sister’s inner thighs. In her competitive actions her legs were dividing, dancing in her seat and even acting as if her feet were pressing an accelerator. The boys were getting some pretty good pussy shots, definitely a thin strip of brown pubic hair rising up from a tight little clit. For them a first outside of a porno. Neither boy had ever once had a girlfriend.

“Bet I do.”

“Bet you don’t.”

“How much do you want to bet?” She coughed laughing and dodging curbs on screen.

“No cash until I steal that pizza money dad gave you. Can’t bet what I don’t have.”

“Let’s make this interesting.” She paused the game. The boys took immediate interest in her wager quest.

Sitting up straight then propping one leg under her she stretched her arms up over her head, holding her pink controller behind her wet hair. In thought, she took time to look between the two boys for assistance. “Should I humiliate him?” Grinning at her evil glint they both feverishly nodded, trying hard not to laugh.

“Traitors.” Lance joked. He knew his sister was as crazy as he was even if she sometimes played naive.

This time Brit felt confident, “If I win you have to run around the outside of our house in your underwear.”

“Yea, right! Okay, I’ll bite. If I win you have to dance naked for my friends here.” Her eyes bulged out at his challenge which made her freeze for all of three seconds before darting glances between the two.

“Ummm!” She fidgeted before locking her eyes back on Lance, “Length of one song.”

“Nope! Three songs. And you have to really get into it.”

“Three? That’s like ten minutes.” More like twelve minutes! The guys mumbled and called her chicken. OH, HELL NO!

“I am SO NOT chicken. As a matter of fact, if I lose, I’ll give you both naked lap dances. But if I win not only does Lance run around the house, he has to give you two lap dances.” She then laughed hysterically slapping her right leg which fluttered her towel higher on her bare hip. Styles and Evan grimaced over the thought of Lance dancing and held their hands up in retaliation. Before they could vocalize their opinion, she beat them to a response, “Now who’s chicken?” She offered a guilt devising expression. Lance rolled his eyes, knowing well that he was going to win. Nine times out of ten he always beat her. “Do we have a deal?”

“Let’s race bitch.” She shivered with excitement and dropped her imprisoned leg back down to the carpet. Towel looser than ever, she didn’t care as it sagged over her swollen breasts. Game activated again, her hands kept so erratic that her towel crept down to her areolas, the boys sitting forward to garner looks at them. Ignoring their staring Brit forged on with whiplash moves that ended with her chest totally exposed and jiggling, nipples so hard they could burst.

The challenge endured for nine long breathless minutes before Lance defeated his sister. Leaping up triumphantly he jumped around like a fool. After a moment of index pointing egotism, he saw her covering her chest and faking a blush toward her drooling neighbors.

“Dance!”

She sat silent and expressionless for a full minute then lowered her gaze as if defeated. “Wow! That totally sucked. I thought I had you.”

“Whatever! You don’t even have a driver’s license.” Lance located a set of prerecorded songs from the game archives and started one from the band Five Finger Death Punch. The song was called Under and Over It. Britney blushed as if embarrassed over falling for the bet. The thing was she intended to lose anyway. Horny since using the showerhead before the boys got home, she found her desires amplified. Her toy hiding out in her bedroom waiting seemed less desirable now that she knew there were boys to tease. This was much more fun to watch them drool and get hard. Shaking her head as if defeated the brunette beauty forced herself to stand up, leave her controller on the sofa and move out in front of them. Feeling sly she proposed a thought that she knew wouldn’t go over but would look as if she wasn’t loving this.

“You never said I had to dance in front of you Lance. Go to your room or I won’t do this for them. It’s too weird in front of my own brother.”

“Nope! Seen you masturbate loads of times before. Dance, Bitch!”

“Dang it, Lance.” She growled and began swiveling her hips, reaching her arms up over her head to toy with her damp strands of hair. The music became hypnotic as she closed her eyes. Before long she untied the towel as she turned away from them to hide her full-frontal pose. Using it as a shield pulled taunt at full rectangular length it shielded her. Sunlight through the picture window did offer a perfect silhouette of every curve. Lifting the towel higher Britney revealed her bare ass shaking her cheeks like a professional. Wolf calls and laughter joined Ivan Moody’s musical rants until the song ended.

The boys wiped drool on their sleeves and gave Lance their approving nods of respect as another song jumped right in to replace the former. Stillborn by Black Label Society was a tad tamer so Brit altered her faster gyrations. Peering over her shoulder at the boys she smiled and licked her lips. Soon after she eyed Lance and stuck her tongue out at him before expelling, “I despise you.”

“Whatever.” Lance laughed, “Shut the fuck up and dance.” Reciting lyrics he sang, “Waiting here so long, for you.” She sneered at his yearning of her. Lowering the towel back over her cheeks she unfolded the width to display her bare hips from the left profile. Closing out she taunted them with a view of her right hip and full leg. The boys sat forward as they stared at her with pure lust. Cloaking herself in a wrap she turned to face Evan and Styles and stepped within three feet of their knees. She then bent over in front of them and loosened her towel to give them a reasonable titty shot. Then both breasts were revealed, full cleavage dangling made the boys bulge their eyes. Standing up she shook her tits, spinning them about in a lively manner.

“Like that?” She moved back in whispering from Evan’s ear then over to Styles for a second opinion. Nodding, both young men hoarsely confirmed a verbal “Yes!” as they stared straight at her dancing chest. In response she shook her tits even harder. Leaning closer she forced Evan to sit back so that she could crawl into his lap and straddle him, her towel hiding her cunt from her cute belly button down. Evan had an instant hard on as she wiggled in his lap. “Somebody has got a woody.” She giggled. Looking to her right she spotted Styles erection lifting his inseam. “Two for one!” Three if she had bothered to check out her brother’s.

Trembling hands roamed her hips over the towel as she arched forward to press her chest directly into Evan’s face. In the process, she released her grip on the towel and decided to let the burden stay or fall of its own decision. Chuckling to himself Lance snuck in behind her and pinched the towel, ripping it out of her possession. “Stop hiding!” She looked back squealing at her loss but laughed regardless. Evan began kissing between her tits which felt kind of good. While Evan snuggled between her mounds, he inhaled her scent and sighed loudly even licked at her flesh. Britney Marie flared her eyes at his tender moment and palmed his scalp to hold his face there as she winked at Styles. Lured in by her playful response, Styles tossed her pink controller aside and moved to the middle of the sofa to caress her leg.

“Fuck you’re hot!”

“I know!” She sighed over Evan’s exhaust pelting her tummy. Challenging herself to proceed she began rolling her wet cunt along Evan’s crotch, feeling his erection smothered along her labia. Her writhing hips made Evan groan with a hormonal necessity to touch. With his groan came his hand moving down her spine until it reached her bare bottom. Sliding fingers beneath her cheeks he gripped them and helped in her seesaw effect, forcing Britney to squeal with a case of the giggles. Darting a glare at her brother Lance eying his friends pawing her up she shivered. “Your friends are getting brave. Shouldn’t you be defending my honor, Little Brother?”

Casually stepping over to them, the boys looked up at him with a pitiful expression. Finally, Lance reached in and gripped his sister by her hair and tugging her head back. As she looked back into his eyes, he flipped her off. In drawing her body back Evan and Styles took the one shot they had and devoured her nipples.

“Oh, my God! Lance!”

“Shut up and keep dancing. Third song is up. I think you’re good for five or six more songs.”

Rather than battle her way free she visually expressed toward her brother how good their mouths were performing in suckling those rigid nipples. Smirking at Brit she razzed him and spoke. “You’re right. I can handle a few more songs. As long as they behave.” Eyes rolled she knew that was not in the cards.

Released of her brother’s grip, she sat up straight and coddled both boys’ scalps as they fed upon her. Hips grinding with a fierce rhythm she moaned for their pleasure as much as her own. Awestruck by now, all they could do was praise her. Every little bit yelped! HELPED! The show must go on. Britney Foxx loved playing dumb and used. She could have stopped anytime she wanted but why? It was too much fun feeling helpless.

“Hey!” Styles chose to man up again and slithered his fingers low to pet her kitty and rub at her clit. “Did I say you could do that?”

Styles stopped, drawing back and leaving Evan open to replace his hand in trying to do the very same thing as if a tag team move. Tilting her body back she palmed Evan’s kneecaps and decided to let him continue in her massage. The sensitivity made her facial expression switch off between shock and delight. Glances back at her brother found him looking smug and expectant.

With the boys attentive toward her thighs, she mouthed the words, “So much fun.” He knew she would get into it. Brit loved guys in general, she just didn’t go out of her way to get laid. Not that she couldn’t. Every guy at school was trying to get her to go out with them. Adjusting to Florida again she chose to make her own rules. Teasing was as much fun as putting out. Case in point, here and now!

“Okay! That felt good. You can keep doing that.” Brit closed her eyes, keeping her head tilted back to enjoy the rubdown. Leaving her clit to Evan as practice Styles rubbed her belly and thighs. Opting for a new view Trenton Styles left the sofa to move behind her, Lance stepping away to give him room. Risking it he kissed her shoulder, then her neck as it sloped over him. Holding her aloft, one hand moved forward and groped her chest, squeezing and tickling her nipple.

Evan with his free hand joined in palming her other tit for further thrills. She trembled heavily over their joint efforts. Breaking away to fan herself she sat back up and stretched forward to smother Evan once again in her retrieved melons. Clit abandoned Evan gorged without delay.

Styles feeling left out began rubbing her soft curvy heart shaped booty and discovered her anal cavity to which he playfully teased. This gave her goosebumps all over her body. Never in his life finding an asshole beautiful, on this girl there was an exception. Gathering confidence and bravado Trenton shoved his index finger up her pucker until he heard Brit squeal and his own a low volume affirmation of liking it. Glancing back at Lance with a grin, Styles saw her brother making hand motions to double up his fingers and shove them deeper. Shrugging he did, applying his middle and index to introduce the duo clear up to the knuckle. Brit went into theatrics and held Evan by the back of his head until he could barely breath. “Fuck that ass!” She yelped! Styles lost that bit of virginity at least.

“She loves fingering her ass.” Lance prodded Styles then leaned down to make a secondary motion to use fingers up her vulva too. With her body thriving higher on Evan, it gave Styles a grand opening should he take it. Pointing out the vicinity to his friend, Styles dared the unknown. Locating her vulva amid her clam he pressured two more fingers up inside her. The result was sheer bliss, juices squirting all around his embedded digits. Amazed by her reaction he went to town on both holes. Cries of pleasure filtered the room as Lance clenched a fist and began taunting his sister. “Fuck that whore! Bets a bet, Bitch!”

“This wasn’t part of that bet Lance.” She panted, “Not complaining, but it wasn’t!”

“You just told my man Styles here to fuck that ass. You like it so just cum for these bastards.”

“I’m not far off.” She laughed suddenly and found Evan trying to throw her off of him so that he could catch his breathe. Styles ignored his buddy’s plight digging his fingers deeper up inside both holes. In her throes of oncoming ecstasy Brit couldn’t find the strength to lift away from Evan’s face. Finally, Evan managed to tilt his head back enough to gasp. Brit’s face right in his he kissed her chin then strangely started sucking on it. The sensation brought her to climax. Screaming toward the ceiling Brit began convulsing, her cunt violently spilling juices all over Styles. For a minute he worried that she had peed on him. Backing away Trent fell onto his ass and sat there looking up at her drizzling tremors. Evan’s inseam was one humongous wet stain, the couch cushion not much better.

“Fifth song is almost over. Switch laps.” Lance noted the guitar riff fading and stepped forward to grip his sister by her hair and literally drag her off of Evan. Her weight losing balance she ended up on the floor face up over Styles. Exhausted by her convulsing she lay flat atop the boy and just wiggled about. Evan looked at his soaked lap and busted up laughing.

“I nearly suffocated, now drowned. So worth it!” Sitting up he peered down at Brit’s body and admired her gorgeous full-frontal display now that it was stretched out. Lance waving him down wagged his tongue and encouraged the boy to take further risks. Nodding Evan went for broke! Launching himself down to his knees between their four limbs he took in a deep breath then began licking her pussy. The juices still seeping free were salty, but he put the taste out of his mind. No way was he going to waste this chance at his first ever pussy. Assisting him Styles reached around her and began crushing both of her titties. Between the effectiveness of both boys Evan discovered a fondness for eating cunt. Licking her clit and prying her vulva he went back and forth between overly sensitive spots. Brit was lost in the overpowering that both boys were instilling upon her.

As the sixth song started from Metallica, she realized the song playing was like twelve minutes in duration. Britney’s eyes widened at Lance standing above her looking down at with amusement.

“This song’s really long. No fair.” As she growled under her breath to embrace Master of Puppets, an eight-minute song, Evan sat up and began rubbing her inner thighs. She observed his fingers toying in her thin strip of pubic hair. Finally, fingers graced her clit, rubbing it vigorously. The vivid friction made her crease her brow. “Shit! Don’t stop! Go faster!”

“Finger that twat like Styles did.” Lance belted out crouching beside Evan. “Like this!” He reached across and sank fingers up inside his own sister’s weeping cunt making her resist a bit, but Styles prevented her from lashing out. A fast lesson Lance finger fucked his twin to give Evan the right idea. Pulling away Evan took over and even added a third finger. Her mouth went wide under the sudden power exchange.

With her eyes rolling Lance chuckled to himself and dropped in to place his soaked fingers inside her mouth. Instantly, she sealed her lips around them and suckled her delectable flavor. Eyes opening, she realized that it was Lance and sneered. Biting his knuckles, he doubled up his fist in pain and pulled his hand free. He would never strike his sister but that was the closest he had ever come to wanting to.

“You suck, Lance.”

“That’s your job. Not mine.”

Evan chuckled and slipped fingers up inside her anus like Styles had. She in turn started to lurch forward but found Styles holding her with his folded arms. After a few moments her nerves calmed and gave in to Evan’s mission. It did feel incredible. Double dipping both holes at a feverish pace he brought her to another severe climax.

“See! My friends like you.”

She blew hair from her eyes and sneered with a playful bitterness, “I still hate you. Just because it feels good, doesn’t give them the right to do it.”

“Don’t make bets then. You know you never win. Besides, once they started you told them not to stop.”

“Not true. I win bets, just not this time.” She suddenly whimpered as Evan’s fingers rotated within her cunt and found her G-spot. “Right there! Right there! Shit!” Focused on her, Evan miraculously managed to make her squirt. Her vision went dark in her ultimate surge. Knowing she needed a breather Lance stood tall and nudged her out of her blurred state using his toe.

“Come on Sis.” He provided swagger, “I’ll tell you what. Let’s make another bet. If I lose you don’t have to finish the next song. We can stop after this one.” Megadeth had replaced Metallica with their hit No More Mister Nice Guy. Befitting her brother! Shivering she found her nipples stabbing ever higher.

“What does the bet consist of?”

“Evan there is fingering you. If you cum one more time before the end of the next song because of his fingers, then I win. If you hold out and the song ends you win.”

“My hands are tired so you might have an edge.” Evan chuckled.

Her eyes bulged. That could be a challenge. Three orgasms in a row, a fourth might take her longer. Although, she did know that her body was already acknowledging Evan’s fingers quite sensitively. The guy did have a point, surely his hands were numb from moving in and out so fast. Hmm!

“What if I lose?”

“Three more songs. You suck both of these guys dicks.”

“What? How is that even fair?”

“It’s not. Your call Chicken.”

“Stop calling me that.” Brit hated being called anything near a failure.

“I’ll jack them off if I lose.”

“Nope! Suck their cocks.”

Styles grumbled, “No way she can win that bet. She’s shaking like a leaf already. Two minutes tops and she’s showering the rug.”

Evan pulled his fingers from her ring of raindrops and showed them as dripping wet. “Definitely! No way.” He flicked wet sprinkles over her belly and tits.

“FINE! But if I hold out and win then you have to suck their dicks.”

Lance scowled at the thought, “Not gay, sorry.” Evan returned to merely massage her clit lovingly with a thumb, making her thoughts even more confused.

“Then, you have to jack off in front of them and they have to watch. No, wait! All of you have to jack off in front of each other.”

“I can do that.” Lance mulled it over for a fast reply, countering it with, “You have to kneel under all three of us as we cum.”

“Oh, my God! You’re my brother. By the way, keep your fingers out of me. Ewww!” Lance moved to the music selection and paused Megadeth.

“I’m starting the song over. If you don’t cum before the end we stop and jack off, you just watch us from on your knees. If you do cum then you suck their dicks.”

Brit quivered, chilled by the possibility of losing. Then she felt a burst of adrenaline and narrowed her gaze confidently. “I have a better bet.”

“We’re listening.” Lance smirked, the guys staring wide-eyed.

“If I fail before this song ends, I’ll fuck your friends.” Where did that come from? All three boys couldn’t even blink. Even Lance grew harder at the thought. Watching was fun but seeing her get laid would be incredible. Twisted fucker! She believed in herself enough in the moment. So confident even, that she grew smug. Bargaining chips tossed on the table Lance had to have the last word. Something he had thought about for a while now. Worth a shot!

“Ante up Sis! If you lose, you not only fuck them, you become their sex slave for 24 hours each. 24 for Evan. 24 for Styles.” The boys swiftly looked at each other over her reclined body. They were excited by the chance.

“Why don’t we make it 48 hours each, Bitch!” She grew egotistical and overconfident, “I’ll agree to 48 hours. If I win, then they become my slaves for 48 hours. Anything goes!” Evan and Styles gnashed their teeth at the escalation. That might be bad for them.

Lance shook his head, “Same for you, if you lose. Anything goes!”

“Agreed.” She laughed at him, “Also, if I win, you, Brother Dear, do whatever I tell you to for 48 hours.”

“Whatever! Vice versa! You’re going to lose so get ready.” He then started the song over then stopped it just that fast. “I’ll even give you a different song that’s a minute longer. Because I know you’re going to fail.” Psyche!

“Fuck that! Go shorter!” So easily manipulated!

“Bad Man by Disturbed. Cuz we’re bad motherfuckers!” Lance laughed. “It’s not shorter but we’ll compromise. You have 18 seconds longer than the last track.”

“Fair enough! Hit it!” She prepared herself emotionally.

“You heard her Daniels! Hit it!” The song started once Evan eased into position for a good clear shot that gave him room to assault her with ambition. Lance even hurried to straddle his sister’s upper body and grab her ankles pulling them upward so that Evan had space to go crazy.

“That only helps me!” She laughed and nestled back into Styles.

Three fingers inserted Evan began digging deep and roughly, rocket fuel adrenalin sparking him into a vicious stampede within her. At first, she rolled her eyes at his efforts but then he found her G-spot all over again. Terrorizing it with high energy Evan peered at an angle to study her face and realized that this was his target center. He thrust his knuckles in repeatedly with torpedoed vengeance and rubbed her clit briskly at the same time. She began straining and whimpering. All three boys felt her body convulsing under their activity. A sloppy sound of withheld juices spat all around Evan’s digits.

“Not going to make it Sis. Song is half over already. Look at you, all spitting up at Evan already.”

She grimaced and pouted trying to remain calm, “Leave me alone.”

“Just imagine how badly you want my bud’s here to fuck the holy hell out of you. It has to feel even better than this.”

“Shut up Lance. I’m not losing.”

“Maybe I should go get that huge ass dildo from your bedside stand. The one you hide from mom and dad. Not me though. I’ve seen you use it.”

“WHAT?” Her eyes flared up, “You’ve seen me use it? I just bought that as a personal birthday present. GOD! I HATE YOU SO MUCH!”

“Yep! Screamer! Even with the music up.”

Bad enough she had let him watch her use her fingers, but the thought stabbed at her hormones over her lifelike dildo being so realistic, even in texture. He had watched her with the notion of a real dick going in and out. He must have liked seeing her. Gross! Interesting! Sick! Wow!

“Seconds remaining!” Lance released her ankles and stood up. Bolting for her bedroom he brought back that dildo vibrator buzzing it to life to wiggle about.

“Lance don’t! Please!” She cringed as Evan moved in and out of her like a straining mad man. Lance chuckled and touched the vibrating tip of it to her clit. The vibrator destroyed her senses.

“You’re my brother. Stop!”

“Seconds! Can she survive this guys? We are giving her the disadvantage here.”

Both men grumble, “Hell, no!”

“Lance! I FUCKING HATE YOU!” GUSHER! LET IT RAIN! LET IT RAIN! Song ending only the hum and her moans could be heard.

“Damn! And here I tried to help you along by delaying things. I figured all of that might prevent you cumming until after Disturbed shut their yaps. Snooze you lose, Sis!” Tensing and without another warning she squirts a second vitality all over Evan’s hand in a ruptured dam. His eyes crossed at how much her raging river kept on spilling onto his wrist.

“Holy shit!” Evan murmured. “We won, that was freaking awesome.”

As the boys released her, she rolled off of Styles and onto her belly to rest on the floor between the boys. Lance stood up wagging the dildo zooming it around like an airplane until he found it boring. Shutting it off he crouched beside Britney and trailed the rubbery eight-inch beast along her spine and over her ass crack prompting a rash of trembling nerves. Brit had retreated into her own world having such an intense orgasm that the slightest touch made her spasm harder. “48 hours each. Including me.” Lance bragged.

“You cheated.” She hid her smile beneath the length of hair dangling across both sides of her face. “You badgered me instead of letting me focus.”

“Which should have been a bigger help than it was in your favor. You failed Wench! Never once did either of us say how it would be won. Styles? You get her this weekend. Evan the next! I’ll get mine in between those weeks in small doses.”

“Get yours?” Britney perked up, rolling over to sit Indian style, “I am not fucking my own brother.”

“ANYTHING GOES!” He pointed out smirking. “You agreed! They heard it.” Both boys nodded. She offered a look of hatred then an expression of dread, finally a smile which ended in a laugh. At a loss she stood up and gathered her towels before looking back at Evan and Styles.

“See you in two days, Styles.”

Styles reaching over grabbed her ankle stopping her. “Hey! Stop moping! I think you’re beautiful.”

“I don’t feel beautiful.” She did! “I feel very used.” She was!

“Hey! You made this bet.” Lance tossed her the dildo. “No reneging on it.”

“I’m not. I’ll honor the bet. Even if I hate doing it.” Not!

Trudging down the hall as if to cry her eyes out, she faded into her room while Lance knuckle bumped his friends. Door closed she sucked on the tip of her toy and danced in a circle. This was the most fun she had experienced thus far since moving back to Spring Lake. Let them think she was upset. So not the truth of the matter. Well, except for Lance! That part of the bet traumatized her. Crawling into her bed she covered herself up and lay there nibbling her lower lip. Forty-eight hours was a long time, it would have to be spread out over multiple weekends. “All Spring and Summer long!” Mmm!

“Dude! That was insane.” Evan held his damp fingers out to his new best friend, resulting in a fist bump.

Styles took to his feet and slapped Lance on the back, “What does anything goes entail?”

“Whatever!” Lance shrugged, “You fuckers make the rules. She abides! Don’t let her off easy.”

“You weren’t lying. She is naïve as hell.” Was she? Was she really?

“Dumb blond in a brunette’s body.” Lance chuckled. Opening the front door Lance let his friends head on home. He had other things in mind. As soon as the door shut Lance headed down the hallway to Britney’s bedroom. Opening her door, he found her in a fetal position under her covers. Plopping on her bed at his own invitation he rubbed her leg over the sheet.

“Cheer up! It’s only 48 hours.”

“No, it’s 144 hours altogether.” Time for a pity party! “I’m such a loser.”

“My friends think you’re hot.”

“They are kind of cute, I guess. Nerdy but not far from hot. I did like teasing them.”

“I knew you did. You were really getting into it.”

“As if I had a choice. Lance you’re evil.”

“That be me.”

“I can’t have sex with you, Lance. Evan and Styles, yes, not you.”

“No problem. Do everything else but fuck me, and I’ll be happy.”

“What?” She decided to sit up facing him, her back to her headboard.

Lance stood up and unbuckled his pants right before her eyes. Down came both his jeans and his briefs. Before her stood her brother with a rock hard eight-inch monster. He even grabbed her dildo and compared the size difference. He was actually a tad thicker in girth. Her eyes bulged at his comparison, knowing how full the toy made her as it was. Whoa!

“Did I cause that?”

“Hurts like a bitch too. I think you need to nurse it.”

“No way.” She shook her head no and used one hand to wave him off, trying not to look at his feverish strokes. Greedy, he threw his body onto her bed to lie on his back, pumping his erection.

“Jerk me off.”

“Lance ... come on!”

“That’s what I’m trying to do. Cum on you. 48 hours! YOU AGREED.” He belted as she hid her face behind a pillow and masked her smile. Two could be evil, Buddy! Britney Marie Foxx wanted this, all of it, but didn’t want even her brother to know the truth. Since buying that toy and knowing how 90% of the boys in school wanted to fuck her, she was evolving. These idiots would be her test subjects. Other guys on the side would feed her appetite even more. Time to play the long game!

“I hate you.”

“I know.”
