Chapter 3: Padfoot

Sirius could not remember the day that he had discovered Remus Lupin's identity as a werewolf. This was largely due to the fact that no such day existed. There had been, at first, a niggling sense of 'something's not right with his stories' and 'he's keeping a secret from us.' The list of plausible secrets had eventually shrunk under Sirius' and James' determined investigations. Remus had once remarked that the duo must have been so dogged about discovering his secret because they thought him a good friend. Alas, such was not the case. For the likes of Sirius and James, secrets were simply meant to be found out the way puzzles were meant to be solved, snowballs meant to be thrown, and Slytherins meant to be hexed. The function of secrets in the world was to provide mental stimulation for intelligent but bored Gryffindor boys who hated classes and homework.

As secrets went, Remus's was not kept with as much diligence as one might expect. He had lived mostly in isolation with his parents. His excuses and stories fell flat, and later James would remark that Remus had not really made an effort if he had been hoping to waylay the ilk of Sirius and James.

The result of this gradual form of discovery was that Sirius had never had a moment, nor even a day, that contained an 'Aha! That quiet bloke we share a room with must be a werewolf!' moment. Rather, it was a slow realization. Once he had acknowledged the high likelihood of this generally unlikely scenario-- that the next bunk over housed a dangerous and dark magical creature-- Sirius easily saw that he had more or less known this truth for a good week or two. A part of his mind had been coming to terms with it before he could say so to himself, but now that he had, nothing much changed except Remus' stories about his sick mum were known lies and not suspected ones.

The Potters were given no such 'coming to terms' amnesty period. Good, gentle, kind people, Lionel and Bess Potter. Strong people. They stood up for a lot of other folks that couldn't stand up for themselves, like this one muggle man in Godric's Hollow whose wizard son had been stealing from him. They'd stood up for that old man.

But they were also a wizard and a witch, raised in the wizarding world, and pure bloods, having grown up hearing all the stories that pure blood parents tell their children. Sirius knew; he'd heard them all himself. To be fair, the ones about werewolves were all true. Their fear was not unfounded. Remus Lupin was proof of that. He had once been a boy, too, before he was attacked and turned into something supposedly malicious and nauseating. The thought of Remus as nauseating made Sirius want to laugh. Still, Remus would be viewed as a threat to the Potters-- a threat to the life of not just their only son, but their foster son as well.

No one gasped or jumped to their feet or exclaimed epithets, as Sirius would have expected among his own family. Mrs. Potter clenched a hand and began to chew on a hangnail, eyes wide. Mr. Potter started to turn red very slowly. Remus blanched white. His mum likewise turned pale. Sirius watched, amazed, as Remus' father went flush with impossible slowness, ruddy red splotches standing out on his cheeks under and around his white beard.

"Really, Headmaster," Mr. Lupin started, "I cannot guess why you think it's necessary to air our family's dirty laundry--"

Sirius' head snapped up as if he'd been slapped. "Moony's not your dirty laundry."

"That's not what I said, and I should thank you to not make fun of my son's medical condition by calling him names," Mr. Lupin's index finger shot out to jab at the air threateningly.

"You've got no right to yell at Sirius," Mr. Potter warned, though he remained seated and his voice calm. "I think it best if we leave now. We'll do our best to find a wizard skilled at these sorts of reversals--"

"No." Remus' single word held a deceptive, deep calm compared to the panic Sirius felt ripple through him as Remus shot to his feet and moved towards Sirius. Sirius backed towards Remus simultaneously.

"Perhaps," Dumbledore's soothing voice cut through the emotional intensity like a hot knife through cool treacle, "we should finish out our conversation here, and hear from the boys themselves, before we start tracking down reversal wizards. They seem at least--" Dumbledore peered at Sirius and Remus over his spectacles, "sincere in their affections. Is that a correct supposition? Mister Black, Mister Lupin?"

They each murmured "Yessir" as if they'd been asked about hexing a Slytherin.

"Now now, no need to be ashamed in here. Everyone in this room desires the best for you both. I daresay the world has too little love for us to take exception to the places in which we find it."

A smile flickered over Remus' face, and the shadow of the way that felt in Sirius gut-- sort of like a warm hand being run through his hair-- made him sigh and smile and lean into Remus. How could anyone want to undo this? Besides the fact that it couldn't be undone. It always damaged people to have it undone, like ripping apart one soul. Who would ever do such a thing? Surely that must be Dark magic. Sirius' hand was sliding into Remus' without any conscious effort while his thoughts trailed around this pleasant path.

He looked up and saw Mrs. Potter staring at their clasped hands with large, red-rimmed eyes.

"Sirius," Mr. Potter said softly, "please come away from hi-- that. It."

Everyone in the room stiffened, though none more than Sirius. He responded by pulling Remus closer to his side and kissing the back of Remus' hand. He did not move the hand from his face, but held it there against his cheek, stroking it lightly against his skin. Mrs. Potter and Mrs. Lupin both gasped, but it was very worth it to see the red blood rush up the sides of Moony's neck. In fact, the resemblance of these red blotches to those of Remus's angry father was uncanny. Remus shifted his weight uncomfortably and cleared his throat, whispering, "Sirius, we're in Dumbledore's office." Sirius could even feel the rush of Remus' arousal through his own self, almost as though he'd been touching himself and not Remus. Oooooh. They hadn't yet had the opportunity to try out these particular ramifications of the spell. The spell itself had so knackered the both of them that not much had been on the menu last night besides sleeping. If the bonding was where the tradition of marriage came from, Sirius and his tenting trousers both were starting to suspect they understood the tradition of the honeymoon as well.

"Lionel," Dumbledore frowned, his voice managing to hold both tension and defeat, "I would request that you would address Mister Lupin with all the respect a wizard of his age and excellent caliber would merit. He is at the top of his class, and is no more an 'it' than I am a lamppost. Mister Black has already seen fit to remind us that the sentiments they share are entirely human."

Sirius snickered.

"Now," Dumbledore fixed a determined stare at Sirius, "can we all sit and discuss this calmly and rationally?"

Everyone sat. Dumbledore waited while there was an uncomfortable shifting of chairs and clearing of throats. Mrs. Potter made a started noise when Sirius tried to pull Remus down onto his lap. Remus batted him away with a hiss and a kick to the shin, and Sirius laughed, but he was also a bit touched to see that Mrs. Potter was concerned for him, however misplaced that concern was. Even as Dumbledore began speaking, Sirius couldn't keep his eyes from shifting back to Remus', and he noticed that Remus too seemed to have trouble concentrating on the people in the room who weren't Sirius.

"You must understand, Mr. and Mrs. Potter, that Mister Lupin's condition is one that affects his mental faculties only one night out of thirty."

"That still puts Sirius-- and James!-- in an awful lot of danger."

"No it doesn't," Sirius sighed.

"No," Mr. Lupin sighed, "It does. Mr. Potter's right."

Mr. Potter, thin and graying, glared across the room at the portly and white-haired Mr. Lupin. Both Remus and James had been born to older parents. "Thank you," Mr. Potter nodded.

"No it doesn't," Sirius repeated, barely audibly.

"Perhaps your relationship with Mister Lupin has allowed your judgment in the matter to be less than clear, Mister Black. A werewolf is hardly a small, cuddly animal, nor something to joke around about."

Sirius hung his head down further. It was a moment before he could identify the feeling of his skin prickling as indignation-- for once, not his own.

Remus sat up. "That's not even fair. No one understands the situation better than Sirius, Professor."

"It's touching that you think so, but he's never even seen--"

Remus barked out such a cynical laugh that it really ought to have come from Sirius. "Sirius has seen me transform on more occasions in this past year than my parents ever have."

Dumbledore's entire demeanor went ice cold. "I sincerely hope you are having one over on me, Mister Lupin, or else I will have to admit that I was gravely mistaken in allowing you entrance into my school."

Sirius felt terribly sick, hearing those words from the man. "It's safe--" Sirius barked.

"It is not safe!" Dumbledore's yell echoed off the stone. His phoenix, Fawkes, made a feeble noise and hid under one wing with his back turned to the group of them. Everyone was deathly silent. Even Mr. Potter seemed taken aback and almost frightened.

"Professor," Sirius started calmly, quick to grasp the gravity of the situation and used to being yelled at, "No, it is. Look."

And there, in the Headmaster's office, he betrayed his largest secret, changing effortlessly before their eyes from a strong, cocksure teenage boy to a large spitz in great need of brushing. No one said a thing for almost too long.

Finally, Remus broke the silence. He leaned forward to scratch the soft fur just under and behind Sirius' canine ears. "Professor, Mum, Dad, Mr. and Mrs. Potter, meet Padfoot." Sirius thumped his tail on the ground once in response and slipped out of Remus' grasp to head over to the Potters. He dropped his head onto Mrs. Potter's lap and let her pet him for a moment.

"Interesting," breathed Dumbledore. "An animagus?"

"Padfoot," Mr. Potter said, as if in answer. "James calls Sirius 'Padfoot' or 'Pads' all the time. I'd never thought to ask about the nickname."

"And Sirius, Sirius calls James 'Prongs'," Mrs. Potter lit up. Padfoot's tail thumped on the ground.

"Prongs? Prongs what?" Mr. Potter scowled in thought, but his cheeks were still flushed with delight.

"They've named the wolf?" Mrs. Lupin asked in amazement. "They've named it."

Sirius, behind sensitive and partially-colorblind canine eyes, watched Moony blush and smile a shy, tender, beautiful smile. "Yes. Well, Sirius did. He's not very imaginative."

Sirius barked and glared and, receiving a real, carefree laugh from Remus, chased his tail, to the delight of everyone in the room save Mr. Lupin.

"Oh Remus, I--" Mrs. Lupin was utterly choked up, and a minute later she was crying heartily and swiping at her face with a handkerchief. Mrs. Potter started sniffling in response. Sirius, moving well to the side of the overzealous display of emotion, transformed into himself again and watched out the window, listening to the sounds. He knew he was making some sense of them through Remus' mind, almost as if he and Remus were conversing: Remus' mum was overjoyed that someone knew and accepted and loved her son even more thoroughly than she could herself. That someone could have been the Loch Ness Monster and she would have been just as thrilled.

Mrs. Potter had ceased to see a beast and its caretakers, and saw a boy and his mother. A boy and his mother and maybe, Sirius though with a glimmer of hope, there was room in there for the other boy-- the boy that that boy loved? Why couldn't he and Moony just be a boy and a girl and neither of them have any furry little problems or crazy Dark families? Why couldn't they live lives like normal people? What had they done to deserve an inquisition into their feelings, to be judged like this?

When everyone's tears and sniffles had calmed, and even though Sirius was still standing staring out the window, Dumbledore, voice quite tender, continued. "Nevertheless. An unregistered animagus transformation is a criminal offense meriting a stay at Azkaban, Mister Black. Bestla, Lionel, I sincerely hope your own son has not been dabbling in such dangerous magic as you suspect. I'll leave whatever discipline you see fit up to you. I think Mister Black's secret will be safe within this room?" His eyes skirted the tiny audience, and Sirius turned easily to meet Dumbledore's eyes. "At any rate, I will personally see to it that neither Mister Black nor any other Gryffindor boy again attempts an animagus transformation while in school, and they most certainly cannot accompany Mister Lupin in his... special accommodations."

Sirius shrugged. He could feel Remus. Some emotion wary and uncertain and bad was roiling off of him. Suspicion? That didn't seem right. Sirius admitted defeat. Sometimes this mental connection was really no better than reading someone's expression.

"Of more immediate concern," Dumbledore sighed and came around his desk, "is the fact that the two of you can feel each other's emotions. That includes emotions such as pain, fear, desperation... I do not know first-hand, but I have been told that a werewolf's transformation can be an emotionally turbulent time for the soul within."

Remus blanched and felt-- Sirius could easily make out this sensation-- sick. Presumably it was the idea of putting Sirius through his own pain and suffering that rendered this result.

"I do know first hand," Sirius said quietly, turning to stare resolutely out the window again. "I've been there. I would rather experience it with him than wa--" His throat closed involuntarily. "Than watch."

Dumbledore sighed heavily. "I feel as if this conversation has gone on quite long enough. I would suggest, though, in light of how these two young men clearly feel about each other, and in sight of the evidence that the bonding they've performed is perfectly regular-- perhaps quite excellent, even-- that we do try to treat this as the joyful occasion it is. I'm sorry to have seen such good people struggle to make peace today. Maybe we should take an example from those young men who most usually take their examples from us, and treat this, for the moment, with more levity. In that spirit, and since you are all here today, I don't suppose I could invite everyone to a private tea in celebration?"

Remus turned his neck to glance at Sirius, who shrugged. Regardless, though, Sirius could tell that Remus was tired. Likely Remus could tell how bloody frustrated Sirius was with adults, too.

"You all visit with each other. Please, it'd make us happy," Remus stage-whispered to his mum. "The spell has tired us out a bit, and I think a bit of napping really is in order."

"Ok, dear. And really. Congratulations."

Remus shrugged and rose, bidding the Headmaster goodbye. Sirius turned to follow, ignoring all pleasantries entirely, and jogging to catch up as the descended the moving stairs.