Some time ago my wife left in a hurry, so fast she left a lot of her clothes; everything from nice dresses to sexy undergarments (which she never seemed to wear for me). When I came home from work one day, I was feeling lonely and wanted to give into a tendency that started when I stole my mother's panties and wore them under my jeans as a kid, so I put on a pair of her panties.
I felt sexy and feminine. That experience lit a passion in me and I started wearing her clothes during the evening and on the weekend when I had nowhere to go. I loved how I felt when I was wearing sexy pink and purple panties with a matching bra (wearing a bra make me feel so girly!), fancy dresses or a simple v-neck tee and a skirt with pantyhose.
It was a Saturday and I decided to put on a pair of light blue boy short panties that had lacy hips and a matching bra as I was feeling extra sexy that morning. Since it was a rainy day, I just put on on sweats to feel extra comfy and cozy. As I was enjoying my second cup of coffee and relishing in my feminine side, the door rang.
I hemmed and hawed and then finally decided to answer the door. Since I was in sweats and therefore had little chance of revealing my feminine side, I figured why not get the door its probably a boy scout selling popcorn. It wasn't.
At the door was a lingerie salesman...seriously, there are still lingerie salesmen; the concept seemed outdated and old fashioned but there he was. He asked for the lady of the house and I blushed a little but tried to hide it. I politely told the salesman "I live alone." As soon as I said that, his head slumped and he moaned under his breath. That's when my empathetic feminine side kicked in and I asked "What is wrong?"
The salesman broke down. He told me that he needed to make contact with the names on his sales sheet or else he would lose his job. He looked at me like a sad puppy and pleaded for me to sign off on his sales sheet so he could show his boss that contact was made. With my feminine side in the driver's seat, I said "Of course, but first come in for a cup of coffee."
He smiled and said "Thank you very much; in this line of work a cup of coffee is truly an act of kindness and rare." I escorted him to the kitchen. He took a seat and I poured him a cup a coffee. I asked "Cream or sugar?" He asked for both and said "just like my women, blond and sweet" with a big smile on his face...I held back a smile as I just decided to begin shopping for wigs, blond ones at that.
We chatted about sports and the weather. He finished his coffee, gave me the sales sheet to sign and then asked if he could use the bathroom. I pointed down the hall to where the bathroom was and I picked up the pen to sign the sales sheet.
I dropped the pen half way through my signature as I realized that I left several pairs of panties, a slip, my favorite pink camisole and some pantyhose hanging up to dry after I hand washed them last night. Just as that thought hit me, the salesman walked back down the hall holding my pink thongs and a pair of black thigh high hose.
"I thought you said there was no lady of the house", he asked. I blushed and looked away. He continued, "If there is no woman present, why is there so much lingerie hanging up?" I blushed even more and turned my back to him...he asked the question again and I started to walk further a way from him. I could hear a smile in his voice when he said, "Sweetie don't worry you're in good hands."
To put me at ease and allow me to catch my breath at being outted, he opened his case and took out a corset and started telling me the benefits. I stated to laugh and relax. After explaining how a garter belt holds up hose and the fact that men find the look sexy, he looked at me and asked "what are your wearing under those sweats?" I blushed but he insisted. So being caught and tired of dressing only for me, I said "let me show you."
I slowly removed my sweatshirt to exposed my baby blue lacy bra...only a B cup but it was natural. The salesman smiled and reached up to massage my breasts. It felt so good, the start of what I had been longing for...for a long time. I moaned and asked him to suck my nipples, which he did without a second thought. I moaned even louder as his warm mouth made each nipple so hard. After he sucked for a while, he politely put my bra back in place and leaned back in the chair saying "Take off your sweatpants, please."
I started to undue my sweatpants. As I lowered them, I realized that my baby blue panties were wet with precum from the titty sucking and excitement. I had come this far so I just keep taking them off. He said, "It looks like you liked me sucking your breasts...now maybe you can return the favor?"
I reached down and started to massage his dick through his pants, he was already hard. I then undid his button and lowered his zipper and took off his suit paints and underwear. That's when I saw my first cock that wasn't my own...how smooth and sexy. I started to rub his dick up and down, up and down...he loved it. I then wanted to try sucking it...so I tried. Salty and musky, so tasty. I'm not sure how well I did but I loved hearing him moan. At some point, he stopped me and said "It's my turn."
Then he pushed me down on the couch and started licking around my panties. Tracing them, while "accidentally" touching my boy clitty from time to time and making my panties wetter and wetter by the minute.
At this point, his attention turned to my boy pussy. He rolled me over on the couch arm, pushed my panties aside and started licking and sucking my boy pussy. I all most lost it right there, but I found some control and enjoyed another fantasy coming true.
Then, he asked for the lube...after rummaging around for a bit we found some at the same time. We held it together and smiled...yep it was finally happening. He squeezed some lube on my fingers and I started to jerk him off...slowly of course as I was more concerned about getting him lubed. Then he asked me to squirt some lube on his pointer finger which happily did. Then he leaned me back over the couch arm and started to finger my boy pussy...it's finally going to happen, I thought to myself as I enjoyed and relaxed to his finger fucking.
"Are you ready?" he asked.
"Yes", I moaned...then the head of his cock was pressed against my virgin boy pussy and I pushed back to show him I was ready.
Slowly, the head of his cock pushed into my boy pussy and I started to tingle everywhere. He kept slowly pushing his cock in my tight boy pussy and asking if I was alright until all 6.5 inches of him were fully in me. I felt so full, so satisfied, so much like a woman...I was shaking all over.
He asked "Are you ok?" I asked him to just keep it in and not move.
After a minute or so of just feeling him in me and getting used to all the sensations and feeling, my blood started to pump while my boy clitty leaked precum into my already wet panties...it felt sooo good. I started to move my hips so his cock would start to slide in and out.
I started to lose control...I was filled with joy and lust. My boy clitty is leaking like a faucet. He started to fuck me now. Slowly pulling his cock back and then burying it deep in my boy pussy. After only a few thrusts, I'm on the verge of cumming.
I tried to focus on something else while asking him to lay me on the couch. He does and then he puts a pillow under my ass. That's when he notices my very wet panties. He smiles and says "You're going to need to change panties when we are done, since you're so wet and sexy."
Then he lifts one legs and enters my boy pussy again. This time he is a little more sure and starts to fuck me with long thrusts mixed with short and quick ones. I couldn't take it any longer. I screamed "Fuck me, fuck me!" as more and more juices flowed from my boy clitty.
He smiled and kept up the mixed pace, slow and long, hard and short. I started to feel his cock begin to swell...I thought to myself, this is how it feels to have a man in me.
At that I lost all control and started to cum and scream in pleasure. I couldn't contain myself. Cum exploded out of my boy clitty. The first pulse was contained by my wet panties but the subsequent pulses exploded out of the panties and onto my stomach.
I thought to myself...I just came like a girl, from being fucked in my boy pussy and it feels amazing.
As the cum exploded out of my panty-clad boy clitty the salesman smiled big and started to pick up the pace. As the waves of my climax continued, I was still aware that he was close as well.
As my climax subsides, I feel his cock growing a little larger and starting to pulsate. His breathing is getting deep and short. He says "Oh yeah baby, oh baby. Hun, I think I'm about to..."
Hearing that, I focused on my boy pussy and tightened it a bit, that's when I felt him explode inside me. An indescribable warmth fills my boy pussy as he pumps his load into me. He collapses on my chest.
After a little while, his now limp dick falls out of my full boy pussy and I decide it's time to get up. As I adjust my panties and start walking to the bathroom, his cum starts leaking out of my boy pussy and mixing with my wetness and my clit starts to get hard again...but that's another story.