Dear Alice:

Tarrant lifts his quill, looks at those words on the page, studies them, marvels. He'd love to enumerate upon her many qualities, to decorate his salutation with elegant adjectives, but knows that his Intended will not be the only one to read this missive. Best to leave it simple, to give that tove-jiving jiggler as little as possible to sniff over. He inks the quill and continues.

Humbert, our Locksmith, gave a charming suggestion to-day after your departure (here he could not help but giggle at the memory of the look upon her face when she had realized precisely how the substance on her shoulder had... migrated to her hair).

He proposes that either himself or his apprentice visit us in the mornings to collect the needed hair for the Lock. This will add days to the time before it is completed, but will also prevent tugging on still-attached hair. He will visit you to-morrow. 

From there, the missive devolves into a rambling litany of whatever had floated through his mind that day, from the way the sunlight had warmed her cheeks to a lovely rosy hue to the fact that he'd fantasized about removing her gloves with his teeth, of suckling her bare fingers into his waiting and greedy mouth, of flicking his tongue against her palm and listening to her soft sounds of surprise and delight...

"Blundering bandersnatches!" he growls, wadding the letter up and throwing it over his shoulder. It joins the ever-growing pile of paper behind him on the floor. He licks the tip of his index finger, selects another sheet of paper, pulls it close, and starts again.

Darling Alice:

Our Locksmith, Humbert, has suggested...

"Here are your missives for the evening, Miss Kingsleigh," Chessur informs Alice importantly, dropping a thick stack of letters on her writing desk. She startles and, after a moment of hesitation, reaches cautiously for it.

"What on—" Alice had just finished sorting through her fish butler-delivered mail – yet another invitation to a game of croquet from Sir Geoffrey – and had just been thinking that a bath might be a nice reward... and now this appears out of nowhere!

"I informed Tarrant yesterday that I would not be delivering every piece of correspondence that came into his head to write as they were written. Deliveries are now to be made once per day, as would be acceptable for any reasonable creature. As a former messenger, he really should know the burden multiple message carrying trips can have on an individual."

Alice smiles, recalling Chessur's disapproval of the traditional method of getting a chaperone's attention: a whistle. Tarrant had taken to blowing it with glee, until the Cat had smugly informed him that, due to Tarrant's abuse of that system, the Queen had agreed (under duress, Alice is sure) to give Chessur the option of only visiting them by pre-arranged appointment. Her smile drags downward as she remembers that this means that they can no longer spontaneously visit each other, either. She frowns at the Cat.

"If I had known, I might have had something prepared for you to bring him." Yes, it seems odd that Tarrant hadn't written her before this... Thackery could surely have managed to deliver letters! Even if the route would take him past the kitchens... Although, perhaps not. The hare does seem a mite... easily distracted... Although, if they had found an occasion to write to one another, Alice is confident that Thackery would have performed his delivery duties admirably. In all honesty, Thackery had been a much more accommodating chaperone. The hare had never denied Alice and Tarrant time together. He hadn't required appointments, either. Which, she admits, is probably why Tarrant has suddenly begun writing to her. They'd been permitted to spend much more time in each other's company under Thackery's googley watch.

"No, you wouldn't. You are infinitely more practical than that man, and know that you will be seeing him later, and have no need to drown him under ink and parchment."

Alice shrugs, conceding the point. To her detriment, she is more practical than Tarrant.

"I shall have to practice, then, won't I? Being less practical, I mean."

Chessur's eyes are phosphorescent among the candle light illuminating her chambers. "If you're going to be nonsensical, then I shall take my leave of you. I have no taste for absurdity this evening." He mists, then reforms suddenly, his body slamming back into existence with a whoosh of air. "Oh, I did have one question for you, Alice. What time do you usually rise in the morning?"

Blinking, Alice replies without thinking, "About one hour prior to breakfast being served, I suppose. But why—?"

Chessur does not wait for her question to be finished. "Thank you. I shall see you to-morrow morning, then." His grin is enormous.

"What could that have been about?" Alice wonders. Perhaps Tarrant had requested her presence in one of his letters? She picks the top on off of the pile, smiles at the top-hat insignia stamped on the outer portion, opens it, and reads:

Sweetest Alice:

At this salutation, Alice's eyebrows climb up into her hairline. Had the Hatter... was this... were these all...love letters? Her eyes devour the next few lines.

I believe there may be a borogrove in my rooms. If so, I shall have a time of routing him, I am sure. They are particularly fond of my socks. Perhaps it is due to them being striped?

It is not a love letter, after all. She refuses to Examine why the lack of loving sentiments leaves a tang of disappointment on the back of her tongue, and instead focuses on reading.

Have you yet had occasion to go to the Queen and request Essence of Enderblat for your rooms? It is very effective at preventing such infestations from occurring. Had I not been distracted... yes, well. I bid you good evening once more.

Tarrant

Well, that was informative. Highly entertained despite that niggle of disappointment lurking near her throat, Alice picks up the next missive. This time, she doesn't pause to admire the top hat she'd observed on the first letter. She opens it and eagerly reads:

Brave Champion Alice:

The numbers on my clock keep changing. I've tucked myself under my bed with sheets of paper and my quill, but when I peer out, I can still see those hands moving, pointing to the new numbers.

I may have to fetch the butter.

Tarrant

Alice laughs aloud in her delight. She picks up another.

Incorrigible Alice:

You looked very lovely to-day. 

Tarrant

Sucking in a startled breath at the sudden eruption of Flutters in her stomach, Alice places one hand on her middle, forces herself to take a deep breath. It was just a simple compliment! She is not going to become a goose over one line on an otherwise blank page, is she?

Folding up that particular missive, Alice continues to read Tarrant's messages of odd facts and brilliant statements peppered with small compliments, until, at the very end of the pile, she finds the one informing her of the Locksmith's new plan to visit each of them in the morning. In her haze of delight over her letters, she almost forgets Chessur's announced intentions.

Almost.

"That Cat!" she snorts, setting the letter down. Suddenly the letters by her right hand feel that much less personal, that much less private, knowing that Chessur had likely read every single one, had derided Tarrant's choice of words, had...

Had possibly kept back some messages, due to their content. Everything she'd received was very innocent, but...no. Tarrant would not even write of such things as what she was suddenly imagining. The Courtship's Rules, after all, would not allow such a thing, and he's been frustratingly adherent to those Rules.

A steady droning by her left ear rouses Alice the next morning. She groans, rolls over, and hears the unmistakable crinkle of paper being crushed under the weight of a body. Sitting upright, hands flailing, she accidentally knocks the source of the drone out of the air and onto the quilt covering her bed: Mulinda.

"Oh, I'm so sorry!" she exclaims, picking the stunned bird up in her hands. Mulinda shakes her head, ruffles her wings, and hums in what Alice believes to be a reassuring manner. The humming bird picks herself up off of Alice's hands, shakes her head once more, and then gestures with her long thin beak towards Alice's hair.

"Of course, of course! Let me just..." Looking down, she can see all of Tarrant's letters from the previous evening scattered about her bed; she'd taken them with her when she turned in, to re-read them at leisure. Gathering them up quickly, she ignores the knowing hrm hrmm hrmmm! from Mulinda and stuffs them into her nightstand drawer.

"I'll just...grab my robe and brush, and we'll begin, then?"

"Not without me, I hope?"

Chessur phases into existence atop Alice's head, and if she had not been expecting him to make an appearance in such a way, then she might have had a reaction like Mulinda's. The female humming bird spies the Cat resting on top of Alice's golden girls. Then she stops, drops onto Alice's quilt, and starts twitching.

"Chessur!" Alice scolds, "You've scared her half to death!"

"Have I? A most excellent start to the morning!"

Swatting at him ineffectually (for he simply removed himself to her bed post before her hands could connect) Alice informed Chessur, "It is very rude of you to do such a thing to the dear bird, Chessur. What has she ever done to you to warrant such ill-treatment?"

"She's a bird."

Alice waits for more of an explanation, but it seems this is all the answer that she is going to get. "Don't you have somewhere you need to be?" she asks, thinking of all the grumbling he'd done the day before about she and Tarrant's disruption of his schedule. If he answers the way she suspects he answers...

"No, I am quite at my leisure." He slowly steals onto the bed as he says this, wriggling his rump. One large paw reaches towards the humming bird; his claws are sheathed but his grin is much too wide to make Alice think it is an innocent gesture.

Baring her teeth in what she's sure is her own fierce grin of triumph, Alice says, "Then you will not mind escorting me to see Tarrant as soon as Mulinda is done with her work here, will you?"

Chessur abruptly sits, rump wriggling and batting of birds forgotten. "Now I never said—"

"But if you are at your leisure, what could be the problem?" Alice counters immediately. "I'd like to see him, Chessur." Swallowing, she shoves the voice down that insists that she should not have to beg to see her friend!and says softly, "Please?"

As Mulinda begins to make sounds of revival (a distressed hum that Alice doesn't believe is up to par with her usual cheerful thrum and a more purposeful-looking twitch of her wings) Chessur concedes to Alice's request.

"Oh, very well." Raising a paw for a lick, Chessur flicks one of his fuzzy ears and mumbles, "It matters not to me."

"Thank you, Chessur!" Alice beams. "Tarrant will be so pleased when I tell him you've made yourself available to us for the entire day!"

The Cat blanches (Alice is sure of this, even hidden as his skin is under fur and whiskers) and throatily warns, "One day, Champion..."

His threat is never completed, though, because Alice scoops Mulinda up into her palms and carries her into her adjoined dressing room. "I'll just get ready so we can be on our way! Maybe if we're lucky we can get to Tarrant's rooms before he goes down for breakfast!"

The hair Collection process goes much more smoothly for Alice than it had the day previously (she makes a point of requesting Mulinda be the one to visit her tomorrow as well, as she has a more delicate touch than her master—something the bird had seemed quite pleased to hear, even in Alice's tentative, unpracticed hum) and, flush with the success of the morning, she invites the bird to come walk with her to fetch Tarrant.

Her Intended, it seems, is already down to breakfast, as there is no answer at his door. So together they three—Alice, Chessur, and Mulinda—traipse, float and flutter down to the Dining Hall. Alice and Mulinda are hum-giggling over a joke the bird was telling that involved a cat, an owl, and a piggy-wig in the woods, when – as they round the corner – Alice is immediately greeted by Tarrant enthusiastically calling her name. He stands and clambers over to her, holding out his arm.

"I was hoping you'd be down in time for breakfast to-day. I saved you a seat next to mine—not that you are required to sit next to me, as there may be others that you wish to converse with this morning, but I had the thought that if you did come down, and you just so happened to desire my company, then I had best save you a seat, so that you could sit with me. If you want, that is. I will be happy to escort you to any seat in the hall that you may wish to eat at this morn."

"I came to see you, Hatter," she says, smiling. He twitches at the use of his title, and Alice curses herself soundly under her breath for calling him that once again. "What are they serving, Tarrant?" she hastily distracts him by asking, touching his hand with her gloved fingers.

Mulinda interrupts them, a polite hum of reminder that she is still present. Blushing, Alice apologizes (for she had quite forgotten the bird was present!) but the humming bird makes a nugatory noise that Alice translates to don't worry about it, bobs her head, and then takes her leave.

"I take it the Collection went well this morning?"

Hope illuminates his face as he directs her across the hall and to a seat already set with tea and citrus flavored water. "Very well," she tells him as he pushes in her chair. "Mulinda believes she has all the hair she requires, but will be by to-morrow morning just to be certain."

"That is wonderful news!" Tarrant enthuses. Such wonderful news, apparently, that he is able to be gracious to Chessur after hearing it. "And a good morning to you, as well, Chessur," he finally acknowledges him.

"Tarrant," Chess sniffs, and then dissipates.

"Alice?" Tarrant asks, lifting a bushy brow in her direction. She suspects that Tarrant is actually disappointed that Chessur had not engaged him in their usual snarking battle of wits.

"I may have secured his agreement to escort us for the whole of the day," Alice admits, smiling only when Tarrant's tie flutters and his eyes start to glow. "He is still pouting about it."

Tarrant swallows, looks down at his plate, and blinks his eyes. "That is..." He turns and stares into her eyes. "What would you like to do to-day? We have no event scheduled."

"Why don't we go where our feet lead us?" she asks. Alice watches as Tarrant's eyes light further, waits in anticipation as he opens his mouth, for he looks as if he will certainly agree with her scheme—

"No, absolutely not!" Chessur reappears, right on the table. The courtier to Tarrant's left yelps (as the Cat's presence had interrupted his reach for a sausage). "I agreed to chaperone you to-day. I will not, however, follow you about as you aimlessly wander about Underland! I know what sort of trouble the both of you can get to, and I will have no part of it! Choose an activity, if you please." He disappears as quickly as he appeared.

"We could go to the kitchens," Tarrant suggests, and Alice makes a noise of agreement.

"Let me think about it," she says. She'd so hoped for an opportunity to go for a nice, long walk with Tarrant, as they had often done before this entire Courtship business began. During the walk, if they'd so happened to lose track of Chessur... and found themselves a soft patch of ground not covered in talkative flowers, then...

"Would you pass me the beans?" Alice asks the courtier to her right, a short, very thin woman named Marion. The dish is passed, and, as Alice is scooping the beans to her plate, Marion leans towards her, sharp nose twitching as if she were about to sneeze. "I see you entered the dining hall this morn with the Locksmith's apprentice," she observes.

"Yes, I did," Alice confirms. "She was by this morning to Collect my hair."

Marion sits back. "For true?" she asks, though her tone does not suggest she actually doubts the Champion's word. Without another attempt at even appearing to be interested in speaking to Alice once the information she'd wished to gather had been obtained, Marion immediately turns to her seatmate, cups her hand to their ear, and begins speaking to them in an indiscreet whisper.

Alice watches as the news passes from ear to ear, from courtier to courtier, all around the table. She knows the moment they each hear, for they unfailingly turn and stare at her and the Hatter, eyes large, expressions considering.

"Tarrant," she finally says, tugging gently on his jacket sleeve, "Why don't we take a turn about the gardens to-day? Chessur can hardly say we're dragging him about all of Underland if we do not leave the grounds of Marmoreal."

"That sounds very reasonable," he observes, chasing a giggling cherry tomato around his plate with his spoon. "Although, given that, I'm sure our chaperone will find a reason to object nonetheless."

"No objections whatsoever!" is the reply that, apparently sourceless, infuses the air.

Tarrant leans toward Alice and whispers conspiratorially, "He does enjoy maneuvering me into the wrong. One must keep this in mind when conducting business with cats."

"Ah... yes. I see what you mean." Why, that had been very devious of Tarrant to arrogantly state that Chessur would object... in order to in fact achieve the opposite result! "Thank you for your letters," she replies, ignoring the constant murmur of gossipy whispers around the breakfast table.

He beams. "I enjoyed writing to you very much, my dear. It was my pleasure."

She returns his grin and watches as he glances away, out over the crowd, still beaming. He is happy she realizes. And by the straightness of his posture and the strong line of his shoulders, he is proud, too. Alice feels a small stirring of... something around her heart at the sight of him. She has made him happy. And, for the first time, Alice is glad that she had agreed to this Courtship.

Still...

Yes, still, it would be rather nice to get things back to the way they had been at that morning tea last week... or even that moment at the Berrying a few days ago. She resists a shiver and spears a bean on her fork. There's always the chance that Chessur will relax his guard today, perhaps lulled into a false sense of security by the familiar surroundings or lulled into a nap by the warm, gentle caress of sunshine...

She glances at the Hatter – damnation! Tarrant! – out of the corner of her eye and imagines him, tie unfastened, shirt and vest gaping open as she runs her palms over his skin. Would he gasp? Moan? Would his breath dissolve into hot pants against her ear and neck? And his hands... (This time she cannot stop the shiver of heat that spirals through her at the thought.) Would his hands find their way to her bare knees again, and would they venture further under her skirt. Oh, what she would give to feel his rough, large, warm hands gripping her bare hips, pulling her closer so that she might wrap her legs around his waist and...

"Alice?"

Startled, she blinks her way out of the daydream. "Yes?" her reply is husky.

The Hatter – Tarrant, Alice! Tarrant! – notices. The color of his eyes deepens as the bubbly happiness fades from his expression and the world seems to shrink down until it encompasses only the two of them. She watches helplessly as his lips part. Those lips...

"Are you not hungry this morning, my dear?"

Oh, she is. Most certainly. However...

Alice musters up a smile and returns her attention to her neglected plate... which seems to be taking her lack of attention very personally. "I'm fine," she replies, and lifts a forkful of quiche to her lips. The Ha—Tarrant watches her for a long, charged moment before turning back to his own meal.

She permits the suddenly uncomfortable silence between them as it allows her to consider her Plans for today. Yes, perhaps if they... and then if he... and something will have to be done about...

Despite all the care and thought Alice puts into the endeavor – and the forbidden hope that she will succeed – Alice's plot is unsuccessful; she'd hoped by having she and Tarrant ramble about the gardens she might be able to have at least a few moments alone with him, without the eyes of courtiers or the determined presence of Chessur interrupting them. Only on one occasion had she been able to find a spot of shrubbery that had looked like a good prospect; she'd grabbed Tarrant's hat, had thrown it, and had drug him behind it to press her lips to his. It had been a glorious moment! His arms had come around her and pulled her close. His lips had nibbled and rubbed themselves against her before – finally – they parted and then she had shivered and leaned – impossibly – closer to him, hungry for his taste and the sound of his moan and the desperate clinching of his hands in the skirt of her dress and...

And then the sound of a throat being cleared had drawn their attention. Alice should have been mortified to find herself on the receiving end of Sir Geoffrey's stare (although, in all honesty, it had not been aimed at her but at Tarrant). For a horrid moment, it had seemed as if the man might actually say something... but no. In the presence of the Queen and her retinue, he had subsided. The Queen – smiling brightly – had commented on the whimsical weather and Alice had summoned up a smile.

"Carry on!" the Queen had commanded with a wave of her hand that had seemed be directed at the courtiers (who had still been gaping, staring, and glaring at Alice and Tarrant) but Alice suspects the gesture had been meant to encompass her and Tarrant as well. The courtiers had followed their Queen's lead – as they always do – and had sashayed past. Alice had been forced to smile and nod, smile and nod, and by the time they had all disappeared around the bend, Chessur had returned, the Hat atop his head, Smugness itself.

She had been well and truly foiled... again.

This cannot go on! Alice fists her hands and wishes for just one chance – one! – to simply be with him, to bathe in the heat and magic and the sensual power between them. She had planned, plotted, finagled, and conspired... all to no avail. Not only had she been unable to lure Tarrant away to... well, practice her wiles upon him (she tries to be honest with herself about this, even though, for some reason, the thought makes her feel a bit... well, maybe... no, no! She's only imagining things again! There is nothing unsettling about taking the opportunity to have him in her arms, even for a moment), but her latest attempt to flout the Rules has laden the air between them with... something. Something that is not conducive to conversation. Sentences become words... and the words whittle down to nothing.

Blast it! They are friends! Yes, they are courting and yes, they are being supervised, but... They are friends! And she misses him and she only wants...!

Body burning with unresolved desire, she finally accepts that today is not her day, Alice makes her excuses (careful to avoid looking too closely at what might be disappointment – or worse, resignation – in his expression), and takes her leave of Tarrant several hours earlier than she'd hoped to when securing Chessur's presence at the start of the day.

As she enters the castle, she marvels at the fact that she misses him already... and she has been missing him for days, even when she has been in his company. Things hadn't been so bad with Thackery as their chaperone, but with Chessur...

She ducks into a windowed alcove and takes a seat on the bench. Her sigh echoes down the pristine corridor. The sound of it only serves to remind her of how very alone she is – how very alone she feels. Alice has not felt alone since returning to Underland. But now... now she undoubtedly does.

She cannot have her friend. Nor can she take him as her lover.

Alice closes her eyes to shut away the tears she suspects are forming. She scolds herself – nothing good will come of thinking along these lines – and endeavors to clear her head. She takes a deep breath... releases it... but it still echoes in the corridor, sounding precisely like a lonely sigh.