Ug, my ex-girlfriend convinced me to buy it, she convinced me it would be where we would watch our family grow. And it wasn't three months after I closed the bitch dumped me. So here I was sitting with a two hundred and ten thousand dollar mortgage making fifty six thousand a year. No longer needing the four bedroom house I decided to find someone to live with me.
I posted an ad and within two weeks I had walked six people through my house. At the end of the second week I sat down and looked over my applicants. I had narrowed it down between an ex-military guy that offered me four hundred and the couple that had offered me six hundred and fifty as long as it included two bedrooms. As I decided between more money versus the idea of a small child screaming all night. I heard a knock on my door.
I opened the door and my mouth dropped open. There was standing an eye level Latina woman with shoulder length dark hair and deep dark brown eyes. She had shoulder length brown hair which reached a white tank top that contrasted her dark olive skin. Her spaghetti tank top, revealing she wasn't wearing a bra, seemed to do a horrible job containing her unnatural pert c-cup tits. Her waist narrowed then flared to very wide hips, a voluptuous ass, and into long muscular legs hugged by skin tight yoga pants. I must say that I love the yoga pants trend, keep it up ladies.
Standing next to this Latina goddess was a short woman that caused my dick to go from half-mast to fully erect. She couldn't be taller than five foot two inches. She had creamy white skin that reminded me of milk. Her blond hair almost reached her mid back. She had large blue eyes and puffy red lips. While some would call her thick, plump or chubby I would call her perfect. Even though she was wearing a flowing yellow summer dress, the low cut reveled massive cleavage, thirty eight e being my guess. She didn't seem to narrow at the waist but she expanded at the hips. The dress stopped mid-thigh and her thick legs ran down to strapped sandals covering her feet."
Are we too late to see the place?" The Latina, Jade as I would soon find out, finally asked breaking the silence.
Drawing me from my daze "Sure come on in, I was just going over other applicants." I showed them over the place trying my hardest not to stare.
"How much are you asking for one room?" Heather asked after seeing the place.
I respond, "I am flexible, but I would be happy with five hundred a month."
"May we have a moment to talk?" Jade responds.
"Take your time." I walked out of the biggest spare bedroom, the only one with an on suite bathroom, and waited for a response.
After watching them chatting Heather approached me, "May we look at the master suite?"
Not sure why they would ask that, I lead them to my bedroom, "Here it is."
They again begin to chat amongst themselves. After another long chat Jade approaches me. "Listen, we have a lot of stuff and I will need to set up my desk for work. I would rather ask if we can rent the master suite rather than renting two rooms and turning one into an office. We will pay eight hundred a month plus all the utilities."
My mind begins to race at the offer. That's enough for you to be able to put some away after the fact my mind tells me. "So you two would share the master suite?" I ask.
"Is that a problem for you?" Heather questions.
I make a mental note at that, my sexy roommates, I grin. "At least I know they aren't bringing random men home then." I tell myself. "No, of course not. I'm just caught off guard by your generous offer."
"We think it's more than fair, asking you to move out of you own bedroom. So, is that a yes?" Jade asks.
It takes me less than two seconds to answer, "Yes!"
Two weeks later I had moved myself into the room I had offered originally. Heather and Jade had settled into my old room. It wasn't long before we had settled into a routine. Jade did a telecommute and Heather worked nearby. They always seemed to both be around. The first thing they did was upgrade the TV and internet, Jade needed the fastest internet she could get for her job. And they we both addicted to Game of Thrones. Heather was a fabulous cook, and there was always left over food I could help myself to in the fridge.
After everything had settled work really picked up for me. It felt like all I did was work, sleep, eat, and repeat. I was only home on the weekends. However, it didn't take long for me to realize that I had made the right choice. My bank account was looking good. The place was always clean, which was a plus. There was only I issue I had with them living there.
"Oh god yes that feels so fucking good!" Heather screamed.
This was the third weekend in a row, both Saturday and Sunday, sometime after eight they would shut the door and it would begin. I shook my head and put my headphones on. For the next thirty minutes I hear moans, grunts, and slaps muffled through walls and over my game I was playing. The first night once it started I couldn't stop myself from jacking off listening to they're sex. Now it was a mix of funny and annoying.
Once I no longer heard anything I slipped out of my room to go grab a soda to hear Heather, "God Jade, it's all over my face again!" My face screwed up at that but I could have just been hearing things.
The following Friday I had finished early and my boss had nothing for me. "Go home and enjoy your weekend." Brad smiled sending me home for an early weekend.
It was right at lunch time and I got myself a burger on the way home. As I pulled into the drive way I noticed both they're cars were there. "Guess Heather took the day off." I said to myself. "Oh well, I have a new game to play anyways." I parked my car and went inside.
As I opened the door I was stopped dead in my tracks by the sight of them both naked. Jade standing upright, her pert tits heaving from ragged breath, her small and dark areolas surrounded tiny nipples. Heather kneeling in front of Jade, Heather's mouth wrapped around a very real penis. "You are an amazing cock sucker!" Jade groaned. I stared in disbelieve as I watched Jade's hands holding Heather's head, fucking her puffy lipped mouth. It wasn't a minute later Jade screamed, "Fffffuuuuucccckkkkkk!" Jade pulled her dick from Heather's mouth and with a few pumps blew her load all over Heather's face.
"Why do you keep cumming on my face Jade?" Heather asked annoyed. "You know I love to swallow you, but you continue to cover my face." Heather started scooping the seed into her mouth with her fingers. Moaning as each scoop hit her lips, "Mmmmm!"
"It marks you as mine." Jade finally replied in a sultry voice. Then it happened, Jade opened her eyes and they narrowed on me. "How fucking long have you been standing there you perv?" She screamed at me, a mix of fear and anger in her voice. One hand covered her breasts, the other her cock, she turned and ran for her room.
Heather rose and turned around, her face still streaked with cum. She made no such attempt to hide her nudity. Her eyes narrowed waiting for me to say something.
My eyes roamed this beautiful woman's body. Her chest was rising and falling less than Jade's had been, there were a few drops of cum that had fallen onto them. My original guess of thirty eight e might not have been good enough. She had deep dark red areolas that were bigger than a silver dollar coin and erect pencil eraser sized nipples. My gaze then drifted to her bare pussy, her lips glistening with her juices. "My boss sent me home for the day," I weakly replied.
She snapped, "Stop fucking looking at me like that!" Her gaze lowered to my crotch and noticed the tent forming. She let out and audible sigh and bent over and picked up all the cloths and stormed to the master suit slamming the door once inside. I could hear them talking, not enough to make anything out.
I decided it might be best for me to eat my lunch in my room. I thanked god I had an attached bathroom and a few bottles of water in my room. You couldn't have paid me to go back out there. I attempted to lose myself in my video game for a while, it didn't work. My head raced going over what I had witnessed. Heather was a poster for what I found beautiful. What was confusing me was how I hadn't been repulsed by Jade's cock, and I found her amazing in her own right. It just seemed to fit her perfectly, and it bothered me that it didn't bother me.
There was a knock on my door; I opened it slowly to see Heather standing there wearing a robe. Without waiting for me to say anything she pushed past me. "So, you know." There was venom in her voice. "What are you going to do?"
"Listen, I know that you are upset. But I won't apologize for coming into my own home. I am not going to call home to inform the two of you to stop fucking in the living room because I'll be home shorty." I snapped back. "And I'd fucking appreciate it if you didn't barge into my room!"
Her gaze softened, "I'm sorry for barging in, I love Jade with all my heart. We had figured you would have found out at some point just not this soon. So you don't care about her, extra part?" Her voice almost whispered the last part.
"No, it was a shock to me but I don't care. You two are awesome yet very noisy roommates," I smile. "This is going better than I had thought," I tell myself.
Her face blushed crimson, but a smile beamed. She rushed forward to hug me hard. The feeling of those massive tits crushed against my body got me instantly hard, I think she ignored that. "Listen I will have dinner ready in an hour, please be there." She turned and left my room.
I hadn't been laid in over two months, between the show I had seen and the contact I just received could not be ignored. With the images running through my head it couldn't have been longer than two minutes before I shot a load that almost reached my chin. I showered up and was about to just toss on a clean pair of shorts and a t-shirt. When a something in me stopped me, I went to my closet and grabbed a pair of slacks, a polo shirt, and finished it off with my fancy leather shoes. I looked myself over in the mirror and laughed "You are not going on a date," I informed my empty room.
As if she heard me, I hear Heather call out, "Dinner!" from the kitchen. I approach the dining room and saw Jade sitting in her usual spot facing away from me, dressed in her casual clothes. Before I could spin around and go change Heather comes into view and nearly drops the plates of food she is carrying from laughing. "Jade watch out, I believe one of us is getting lucky tonight!" Jade turns around and joins in the laughing.
My face turning red "I wasn't sure what to expect to be honest, let me go change."
"Please sit down." Heather requests.
"We need to talk." Jade her voice very low.
I sit down to a plate covered in spaghetti, Heather's go to in a pinch dish as she called it. Over dinner Jade and Heather begin to tell me they're stories. Jade was born Carlos, she and Heather met as freshman in high school. During the summer between freshman and sophomore year Carlos started dressing as a girl. This is when a budding Jade and Heather became more than friends. Heather had never shown interest in anything, but the first time she was introduced to Jade, it was pure lust.
Jade's parents were amazingly accepting of the woman to be. They started her on hormone replacement her sophomore year. Heather just lived with her father in high school, and after a lot chats with Heather, had come to accept Jade almost as a second daughter. Heather hated when he said that, and when asked about it, his response was. "You are still my little girl and I don't want to think about what you two do."
As fate would have it, they both got into out of state colleges. And they weren't close. By the time Carlos left home to go to school in Washington State, she was already living legally as Jade full time. She was studying to become a software engineer. While there she didn't have much of a love life in college, she only had one date and she wouldn't talk about it.
Heather on the other hand had a more tradional college experience. She ended up at Texas, her father's Alma Mater. She studied business and took night classes. She graduated early in three years and came back home to intern at her father's business. Without Jade in her life Heather attempted to find someone special like Jade but all she could finds was, "Hairy guys wearing panties." So she ended up just dating either women or men.
After interning for three months for her father, Heather had been hired on full time into her current human recourses job. While they had continued as friends though college, as time happened, they had drifted apart. Then fate stepped back in. During Jade's Christmas break senior year she had been contacted by a startup company that was hiring young engineers. And since she could telecommute she could live where ever she wanted to.
Heather was the third person Jade informed, after her parents, that she was coming home. They made plans to meet up and chat, Heather was serious with another woman when they chatted. But weeks before Jade's return Heather and her girlfriend had a massive melt down and broke up. The woman Heather was dating knew about the meeting, but as time grew near and Heather started to shine at the thought of seeing her first love. The woman turned into a raging jealous bitch. She made the demand that Heather must choose between her and Jade. She didn't expect the response.
"You never told me that last part!" Jade stopped the story.
"She made me choose between her and you. Had you not been single I still would have chosen you and moved on from her. But you were single and the thought of fucking and sucking you was all I could think about." Heather was flush.
Jade grinned, "When you said you were serious with someone I tried very hard to sound happy for you. I had envisioned coming home and taking you in every hole, every night for the rest of our lives." They had turned to face each other at this point. As if I didn't exist.
They quickly embraced and began a deep and passionate kiss. It started with each other's arms wrapped around the other. But soon Jade's hands were pawing Heather's ample breasts, squeezing the flesh tight through the thin material of her shirt. Heather"s hands had slipped out of my sight, most likely to Jade's crotch. Moaning into Jade's mouth, Heather's arms shot straight up. As if knowing exactly what she wanted Jade began lifting Heather's shirt off.
With the shirt stuck on Heather's head I snapped out of my daze of watching. "Let's leave these two alone," I tell myself. As I began to stand the chair scrapped on the hard wood floor.
The noise stops them both dead, Jade very quickly pulled Heather's shirt back down. We all sat there, I could only imagine my face was red as theirs were. It was uncomfortably silent. "Why don't you two head to your room, I clean up here," I offer.
"How far would that have gotten before we remembered he was here?" Jade asked Heather, lust in her voice.
"I don't care if he watches us; I need your dick inside me now!" Heather purring into Jade's ear. "Put it in my ass, my pussy, or my mouth. Use my body to please you." Heather's arms were moving in a motion that couldn't have been anything other than stroking Jade's cock.
Jade's eyes seemed to come alive, she looked at me. In what sounded like a child chattering as fast as they could to get out of punishment. "I saw Heather my second day home, we were fucking within thirty minutes of seeing each other. I moved in that day, we had been living in her apartment until we decided to move out, and in here." She gasped for air, grabbed Heather and they were gone.
I sat in silence for a moment, shaking my head. I clean the table off and got the dishes loaded into the dishwasher. I already began to hear moans. As I begin to head to my room I find Heather's top on the floor. A few more steps and I come across her shorts and Jade's shirt, the moaning getting louder. I turned into the hall that will take me past their room to mine, to find Jade's pants and two pairs of panties, I can hear the sounds of flesh slapping against flesh.
As I approach the open door to their room I hear a buzzing noise, with the collected ensemble of clothes, I stop to toss them at the entrance to the room. My eyes widen at the sight that greets me. Heather is on her knees face pressed down into the bed by Jade's left arm. Jade is behind her slamming home doggie style, her chest rising and falling rapidly. Jade's right hand has a vibrator pushed into Heather's ass. Jade and I lock eyes; she licks her lips with passion at me. "You said you didn't care if he saw us," She stammered though clinched teeth.
Heather turned her head and we now lock gazes. She blows me as kiss, "Don't worry about him, and just keep doing that. I'm going to, I'm going to CUM!" She groans in ecstasy. Her body begins to shudder.
I start to leave, grinning from ear to ear. "Wait," Jade calls out. A smug look takes over her face. "Where should I finish?" She asks through ragged breathes.
Heather eyes me curiously as I ponder the question. "I bet she would look hot as fuck with those titties covered in cum." My grin was devilish.
Jade apparently agreed with the statement. She pulled out and rolled Heather onto her back, leaving the vibrator in Heather's ass. Jade got off the bed and walked around to where her cock hung inches over Heather's face, stroking it the whole time. Heather arched her back, pushing the vibrator deeper into her ass, and stretched her face up licking Jade's balls.
Jade groaned low, "MINE!" and with a final stroke shot a rope that splattered against Heather's right tit. Then a second hit her left and a third in that canyon of her cleavage. Jade stepped back a rammed her cock deep into Heather's eager mouth.
Heather's mouth went into overdrive milking the remaining cum from Jade's cock. Her hands wrapped around her own massive breasts, rubbing in Jade's cum. Then her body convulsed and went limp as she moaned another orgasm around Jade's cock.
I was halfway down the hall, my left arm had pulled my shirt off and my right hand was furiously pumping my cock. I hear a confused sounding Heather ask, "Where did he go?" I fell into me bed jacking off the hardest I ever had in my life. The door was left open and I didn't care at that point. I groaned as the friction was causing my balls to tighten.
"God fucking damnit!" I screamed as I unloaded a massive load that covered my chest. The second load made a trail from my chest to my pubes. I laid there panting; I look down at the pools of my own semen. "Shit" I let out annoyed, know this is going to make a mess. I look around my room for something within reach to clean the mess up with, when I see Jade and Heather standing at my door, naked.
"We figured fair is fair," Jade explains. She turns to whisper something into Heather's ear.
Heather looks shocked for a minute, grinning, she then gestures to me. "Go ahead."
Jade kisses Heather deep but quickly; she steps to stand over me. "If you don't mind, I can get that for you. I have never tasted cum from another dick." She then kneels and begins to lick all the cum off my chest, stomach, hands, and finally my cock.