This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age, and deals with domination and submission of a
non consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject
matter or not an adult of legal age.

A big THANK YOU goes to Jesse Grant for using his awesome powers of editing
to correct by persistent grammar and spelling errors and in adding those
little nuances that makes the story read better and also adds loads to the
drama there in.


                             "The Muse Trilogy"

                    three short stories of a common theme


                                 by Musker


                  Dedicated to story tellers and their Muse

 

                                (Story Two)

 

                               "Unexpected"


"Hey baby, how's it goin'? You want company? You want to play with my tits?
You want to fuck my wet, hungry, pussy? You want Bambie to suck your big,
hard, manly, cock? Ouuuu, I am so hot for you. Come on baby, Bambie will
treat you real good. And I don't cost much either. Come on big guy, Bambie
wants you to cum in her mouth, and on her big tits, and in her hungry pussy
too. So what ya say sweetie?"

"Well, that depends on how much you want to spend big boy."

"FIVE BUCKS?! That's IT? Just 5 bucks? Are you FUCKIN' NUTS?! I'm worth ten
times that."

"Hey wait minute, don't go away. How about twenty and I'll suck you off and
you use a rubber?"

"Ten and no rubber? No way! Fifteen and a rubber... How about ten and a
rubber?... Shit, how's ten for a handjob and no rubber?... FIVE?! Son of a
bitch. Okay, a handjob with no rubber for five... What? HERE! With me
hangin' out of your car? Oh god! Okay, but it has to be quick. Damn, you
already got it out. Okay, your gonna have to lower your car window a bit
more so I can reach it... There, that's better. What?... HEY, for five
bucks your lucky that I'm touchin' it at all... Okay! Okay! Don't get
mad... Oh baby! You're so big and hard! I love a man with a big, hard,
cock. To put my soft, feminine, hand around it. To stroke it up and down.
To feel it throb with your veins bulgin' out from it's side. Ohhhh, it
makes me soooooo hot all over. I can even feel my pussy oozin' my hot,
horny, love juice while I rub your big manly co... HEY! If you want to play
with my tits, it will cost you another five bucks... Well, if you don't
have the money, leave them alone... Yea, right, I'm rubbin' it, I'm rubbin'
it... Okay, faster, and faster, and... Oh Shit! You came all over my hand..
and you got some on my dress too, and in my hair! SHIT!... Yea, yea, yea,
it was good for me too. Now give me my five bucks... Huh?... Yea, right,
sure. You tell all your friends about Bambie, but you tell them I only
do it with a rubber and TEN bucks from now on... Yea, I love you too baby

Asshole! I don't believe this. I gave him a hand job with my bare ass
sticking out in public, right in the middle of the road. Luckily this is
the seedy part of town and no one here calls the police over stuff like
this. Damn, his cum is all over me. I know I have a couple of tissues in my
purse somewhere. It's so small though. But like THEY said, all I need to
carry in it is one bright red lipstick and a couple dozen condoms, along
with my street money. And oh yea, my fake ID too. I never knew they could
make a driver's license look so real. At least that picture doesn't even
look anything like me, thank god for that. But then again, it does look
like me. The new me that is. The blonde bimbo whore THEY are trying to turn
me into. They even gave me a new name to match my looks, Bambie B Dumm.
Just like it says here on my ID.

Oh, good. Here's the tissues. I should have told that cheap son of a bitch
to fuck off. But time is running out and I needed the money bad. If I don't
make my quota by the time they come for me, I'll be punished, again. And
having my ass flogged to a bright red that one time was enough to last me
for the rest of my life, thank you very much. THEY even took pictures while
it was going on. Nasty, in your face, pornographic pictures. With me
showing my slutty made-up face and forcing a smile. My hands rubbing my
burning ass, squeezing my naked tits and touching myself between my. "Oh hi
baby, you want some... Well, same to you dickwad, fuck'n asshole!"

Damn, why do I cuss so much. I never use to. I mean, being an Ivy League
graduate I was even quite articulate and all. Now it seems every other word
is a swear word. I know! It's because THEY wanted me to. NO, it's because
THEY ORDERED me to. They said it adds to my over all dumb gritty street
whore persona. The personality they are trying to ingrain in me, to
override my own and make it permanent. Those fuck'n bastards! Oh NO, there
I go again. I have to try harder. To keep my mind and personality together
and separate from what THEY want me to be. But it's so hard. I can feel
their hold on me getting stronger. It's like I'm in this constant fight
over WHO I am. And because it is two against one, I feel like I'm slowly
loosing the battle for the very core of my being. And once I loose that
fight, I will become the whoring bimbo, Bambie, THEY want me to be,
forever! Oh why did I ever have to try and act out my fantasies in the
first place.

I mean, there's nothing wrong with having fantasies, sexy ones, kinky ones
even. And big deal, so a couple of mine had to do with being dominated and
turned into a sex object with a little humiliation added for flavor. But
this is going to far. Okay, even if I do get a little excited and wet now
and then, that doesn't mean I want to do it like this all the time, over
and over again and to this extent. I mean, too much of a good thing can be
bad for you, and being a real street whore named Bambie is definitely not
good for me!

THEY are the ones doing this to me, forcing me into this role. THEY are the
ones who are taking this fantasy stuff way to far. Instead of them
fulfilling MY fantasies within MY limits like it started out as, I am now
fulfilling THEIR fantasies without any limits what-so-ever. THEY are trying
to take control of me, of my fantasies, of my body, and even my identity.
But what choice do I have?

"Hi baby. What?... Fifty and seventy five bucks, with a rubber... Sorry
baby. No rubby? No fucky."

That's it asshole, drive away. Try those girls further down the road.
They'll do it without a rubber, and you'll get more than a blowjob or a
pussy fuck for your money, too. Well, at least THEY ordered me to use a
rubber with every trick I do, thank God. Maybe they DO care about me after
all?... HA! Who am I kidding? Their only concern is that THEY don't want to
pick up something from me when it's their turn to fuck me. Yea, like I have
a choice any more with them blackmailing me and all.

There! I think I got all his cum off me now. Lucky latex cleans up so fast
and easy. Damn! I hate hot pink. And I REALLY HATE latex too! It's so
fuckin' hot and tight. Damn it! I did it again! I feel like my boobs are
going to pop out any minute. That or be squashed flat like a couple of
pancakes. And look at my nipples. It's so embarrassing the way they stick
out like buttons. I asked them, pleaded with them to let me wear a bra, but
Nooooo! THEY wouldn't even let me wear a pair of panties either. All night
long I've had to watch how I bend and move so that my already short skirt
doesn't creep up to far, showing everyone my naked butt and shaven pussy.
Oh yea, THEY did that too, complete with pictures and video tape of the
blessed pussy shaving event. More fuel for the humiliating blackmailing
fire, they said. Damn them both to hell!

Well, at least I still have my life during the day and weekends. That's my
lifeline to reality, to the "who" I really am. But sometimes, more often
than I care to admit, I slip up. Like, my language will become crude and
foul around my corporate peers. Or I'll catch myself twirling my hair or
chewing gum with my mouth open, popping bubbles during important board
meetings. Or, for some unconscious reason, I'll begin swishing and bumping
my hips around as if I were a strutting bitch in heat. It must have been
quite a sight as a couple of friendly wolf whistles at the office attested
too. Oh god, just thinking about those times when I slipped into my Bambie
whore mode at work makes me so ashamed of myself. Not to mention how angry
I get, at THEM, for making me loose control like that.

Oh yes, THEY are responsible for that too. They taught me all these things
and more. Night after night I would be forced to practice on THEM, licking
HER pussy and sucking HIS cock, forced to swallow as they both came in my
mouth and down my throat. All the while THEY would laugh at me and
criticize me and even punished me until acting like a brainless bimbo
street whore became second nature to me. And when I was finally performing
like the hot piece of ass THEY wanted, THEY told me I had graduated. They
took me to a special boutique for a makeover. There, my hair was dyed
blonde and styled into something big and fluffy, my sensible clothes were
replaced with ones that were tight, brief and sexy, lots of bright colors
that seemed to make me glow in the night, AND made of ugly latex too. My
jewelry became gaudy, my make-up was bold and layered on, and even the
heels to my shoes had no less than five inches to them now. After that, I
was taken to a street corner in the red light district of town. There, they
gave me my little purse, christened me a successful graduate from the
University of Sluts and Whores, and told me if I didn't make them some
money by the time they came back, then all of the material they had on me
would be made public.

That night I became Bambie B Dumm, a non-consenting street whore, pimped
out by my Master and Mistress, as they demand I call them from then on. And
that's when I became two people. By day, I was an intelligent, dignified
and sensuous woman in the corporate world of high finance. But, by night,
I was a pathetic sex object, a tricked out vulgar street whore, a walking,
talking, fuck-hole ready to make some fast sleazy money. But now, Bambie,
that slut of the night, is slowing entering into my sacred private life of
the day. And I seem powerless to stop her, or THEM!

"Oh hi baby. You looking for a nice piece of tight wet pussy for your big
hungry cock? Bambie is right here for you baby. I'm all horned up and
waiting for a manly stud like you... Oh come on now sweetie, you don't want
to do that without a rubber. A great hunk of man flesh like you can catch
something really nasty if you ain't careful. Come on baby, wear a thin
little piece of rubber around that hard throbbin' cock of yours and do
Bambie real good. Ohhhh baby! You get me so excited just standing there. I
can feel my TIGHT, starving, pussy oozin' its love juice down my legs right
now. Oh baby! I need it so bad! I need to feel you in me, fuck'n me hard,
and makin' me cum when you do, wearin' a rubber... Yea! That's it baby, rub
me a little. See how much of a hot sexy slut I am in your big manly hands.
Don't I feel real good too? Oh YEA, you got it baby. The money that is?...
Oh Yea, you got lots of money to do Bambie real good with baby.

What?... You want to do it in that alley instead of a hotel room?... You
think it will be more exciting like that huh?... Well, yea, yea, of course
I'm really excited just... just thinkin' bout it too. But let's be real
quick and quiet, ok baby?... But of course I want to feel your BIG, hungry,
cock inside of my hot, tight, pussy in that damn shitty alley. That's why I
am so, umm, eager, to get it over wi..., I mean get started sweetie. And
Bambie will do you real good too baby. Make you cum long and hard. Come on
baby, let's go. That's right sweetie you can squeeze my ass and tits on the
way. AHHH! Not so hard! I mean, don't use all your energy too soon baby."

      (10 minutes later Bambie scurries out of the alley, alone.)

HOLY FUCK! What a frick'n john. I'm glad that's over with. Let's see...
Great! I'm just one quick blowjob away from making my target. Damn! My tits
hurt. If I hadn't pulled his pants down as soon as we got into that filthy
alley he would have turned them all black and blue in no time. He sure had
a hard time keeping it up once I had that rubber on him though. Lucky my
Master was very persistent in my cock sucking training. Almost as insistent
as my Mistress was in turning me into a first class pussy licker. But damn,
I got so scared when I couldn't find a condom in my purse. But I did find
two left. Shit, two left from over twenty in one night. What kind of fuck'n
whore am I becoming? Oh God, I so want my old life back, when this was all
but a fantasy in my head. SHIT! I'm starting to cry and I don't have any
tissues left. Com'on girl, pull yourself together! That's it, be strong.
This has got to be better than the alternative, of being outed, right?

So, once he was hard again he wanted to stick it in me right away before he
lost it. Hey, I was all for that. The faster he gets off, the sooner I'm
out'a that shit hole alley. So the S.O.B. grabs me by the shoulders, spins
me around, and bends me over a dirty, stickin', open garbage can. I though
I was gonna puke from the rancid smell. As soon as I was bent over my short
skirt automatically exposed my fuck hole. Then he began fucking me. More
like TRIED to fuck me, in the ass! That dumb fuck'n shithead couldn't tell
one hole from another. So I had to reach 'round behind me and guide his
cock into my already wet pussy.

Then he was banging me, hard. I had to hold tightly onto that greasy rim
just to keep from falling in. And the noise! If his yelling and groaning
wasn't loud enough to wake the dead alone, then me and that bouncing and
banging garbage can were sure to do it. I kept looking around to see if
anyone was watching. Oh man, I was so scared! And embarrassed! Not to
mention humiliated to the very core of my soul... and horny as hell! Oh
god, I feel so ashamed of myself, getting off like that. But it was a
long time fantasy come true for me. A dirty, degrading, and wonderful
fantasy that I dreamed of experiencing for soooo long. Not to mention one
that THEY had conditioned me like a dog to sexually respond to, over and
over again, once I told THEM about it.

But, it was all so surreal though. There I was, bent over some smelly,
greasy, garbage can, in some dark, dirty, alley, getting my pussy fucked by
some two-bit loser, and all of a sudden I feel myself spiraling into one
red-hot fuchin' orgasm. I tried to keep quiet, to keep the noise down, but
when you're having the best fucking orgasm you ever had in your whole
entire life, well, SHIT! I moaned and screamed like a banshee when I came.
Soon after that he thrust himself really hard deep inside of me a few times
and then stopped. I heard him squeak like a mouse getting it's neck snapped
in a trap. Then I felt him release his hold on me and his limp dick
slithered out of me. He finally came too. It was really pathetic.

Anyway, I quickly stood up, pulled my skirt down, turned to face the wimp,
and demanded my money. Would you believe that stupid john almost passed
out? There he was, sitting in the mud, wearing a pair of ugly boxers, with
this full oozing rubber barely hanging onto the head of his pitiful cock
and he was barely conscious. I told him I wanted my money, but all he did
was mumble something and tried, unsuccessfully, to get up. So I helped
myself to his wallet and got the hell out of there, fast!

HA HA HA! I took all of it! Yes siree, I took all the money he had... I
took all his money?... I TOOK ALL HIS MONEY! My GOD! What have I done! I'm
not a thief! I'm not even a whore! I'm just a business woman, for Pete's
sake! But I took his money just like a common criminal! And I had cheap
alley sex for money! And I got off from the whole degrading revolting act
too! What am I doing? What am I becoming? This is going too far, WAY to
far! I have to get control of myself. I have to stop doing this, stop being
Bambie. Stop THEM!... But how?

"Oh hi baby. You want some OHH!... Ummm, yes, just a little. I thought you
were a john err I mean a guy that's all.... Well, yes, I can make a woman
feel good too. But I gotta use some protection, you un'erstand? You know,
like a dental dam, or a female rubber, no matter how much money I am... You
want me to read this?"

"The bearer of this card has been given a clean bill of health. Bambie B
Dumb, the owned sex toy of The Mistress and The Master, will have
unprotected sex with the person producing this card. Signed, the owners of
Bambie the slave girl."

"Ummm, yes, I'm Dumm. I mean, I'm Bambie and yes I'll do what is written on
the card, if you want. Is there anything special you had in mind?...
WHAT?!... But I don't do overnighters and weekends. That's just not what I
do... Yes, I can read that document. It's a rental form of some kind.
But... Yes, but... Ok, so it's a legal document signed by my owners
offering to rent me as property to you for the entire weekend. But no court
will... All right, I understand. I really have no choice after all, do I?"

"Yes, my Mistress has trained me quite well in how to sexually satisfy
another woman... umm, no, not really, before my Mistress I never really had
a lesbian affair... Have I had any experience with B & D? A little, I was
bound with some rope and gagged with a cloth between my teeth, but only a
couple of times with my Master not with my Mistress. But it was... No, I
never wore a leather discipline hood... or a single glove... or slept
through the entire night cocooned in layers of rubber on the floor. But
excuse me lady, I don't think I am what you are... Oh, well, sure, if you
want me too, Mistress. But again, Mistress, I don't think... You want me
to do what or you will tell my owners how much of a disobedient little fuck
their street slut was to you? I see, well, if you put it that way. Yes
Mistress...

"Thank you Mistress... No Mistress the slave collar isn't tight. It's a bit
snug, but not tight... Yes Mistress, your "rental unit" will meet you in
your hotel room in twenty minutes... Yes Mistress, your slave understands
you very well, Mistress... No Mistress, your slave doesn't want you to whip
her ass either if she's late... Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress, good-bye
Mistress.".....

"FUCK! SHIT!! SON OF A BITCH!!"... What the hell is going on?!! Why are
they doing this to me? Here I thought they were only interested in tricking
me out like some late-night, part-time hooker. But now they're renting me
out as some kind of weekend submissive sex slave. The weekend was supposed
to be for me, my sacred time to be myself. Now THEY are taking control of
that too. Forcing me to become some depraved, horny, rich-bitch's bondage
fetish doll for the whole weekend. She even put this FUCKING dog collar on
me to start things off with.

Well this whole situation has gone far enough. If I don't do something now
it will only get worst, much worst! I have to get out of here, get out of
town, the city, the state, Hell, out of the country if need be. Maybe I can
go to the police? Oh god, that would be so humiliating. To tell them my
story? Shit, I don't think they would even believe me. My word as a slut
and whore over my 'Mistresses' and 'Masters'? No, I can't do that. The news
media would pick it up and my career, my whole life even, would be
completely ruined. But I can't stay here and let them turn me into some
perverted sex object. I have to leave, right away, tonight!

There is a pay telephone half way down the block. I can call a cab with it.
Have the cabby drive me home, change my clothes, pack my bags and take the
next flight out of here. That's it! Those bastards aren't going to control
me any more. "AHHHH!!!!... OUCH!!!!"

"What the fuc  AHHHHH!!" That hurts! And it's coming from this damn collar
that fuck'n wacko bitch put on me. I've got to take it off before it kills
me... "SHIT!!" It's locked on. I can't get it off. "OWWWWW!"...

Oh no... "AHHHHHH"... Oh NO!

Those BASTARDS!! They're doing this to me! If I walk away from where that
woman's hotel room is located I get zapped. If I walk in the direction of
her hotel I am okay. They are controlling me by remote control, like so me
kind of robot! I have to call for help.

"Hey Mister, PLEASE, can you hel... OWWWW!!"

"Yes, you, can you... "OOOOWWWWWWWW!!" Oh NO! They can hear me too. "Can't
you, You Bastards!" "OOOOWWWWWW!!!!"

"No, nothing. I though you were someone else... Well FUCK YOU TOO!"
"OUCH!!!" "I mean, I'm sorry!"

Oh god.... I better start walking towards that hotel and keep my mouth
shut. Maybe I can write a note or something? No, they're probably watching
me too. Besides, who's going to believe a street slut anyway. Damn it! Damn
it! Damn it! Now what am I gonna do?

 

                             - The End -


Story three coming soon.
