It's been ten fucking years since Colin Morgan had a hand down his pants, but as Bradley's head falls back against the wall it could be 2012 again right now. The long, talented fingers on his cock could never be mistaken for anyone else, even with all the handjobs he's had in the intervening years. His own hand strokes slow and sure along Colin's shaft, remembering the way.

"Colin," he sighs into his clenched fist, and Colin looks at him through lush, unchanged lashes. The lines at the corners of his eyes have deepened, the only sign that time has moved on. At the other end of the row of stalls someone flushes and Colin's hand pauses briefly, but resumes immediately.

"Missed yer so much, Bradley," comes the soft rumble under Bradley's ear, muffled by his shoulder. "Missed yer every day."

Bradley stills and Colin's muscles go rigid against him, presumably replaying the words he just said.

"You fucking liar!" Bradley hisses. He wrenches himself away, the burning pain in his gut raging as fierce as the day he realised his own folly. Colin takes a step back until he is pressed against the door, one hand fumbling for the latch as his other reluctantly releases Bradley's cock.

"You left me, you bastard," Bradley chokes out. "You used me and fucked me over and you left me." He can't get out of the fucking toilet stall - they're jammed in together and he wants to punch Colin, who has no right to look like that - no right at all.

"It was..." Colin fumbles, "It wasn't like tha'."

"I was there, Colin!" Bradley says. "I know what it was fucking like!" And somehow between Colin's fumbling at the lock and his own rage he has managed to wrench open the door and stumble out into the long tiled loo. He makes it half-way to the exit before he remembers to wash his hands, the right one still damp with Colin's sweat and pre-cum.

It's a mistake; Colin catches him up - and god only knows who is in the stalls, who is hearing this... this belated lovers' quarrel. Bradley has kept his image pretty straight over the years, and Colin has never come out either although Bradley is pretty sure he knows half a dozen members of different casts and crews he's worked with who've had the Colin Experience.

"Just forget it," he says as Colin stops about two feet away and stares at him. "I got over it years ago. Too much red wine tonight, that's all." His stare at the other man is as flat as he can make it, all his defenses back in place, and before Colin can say more than his name he has switched off the tap and exited the loo.

It takes Bradley ten minutes to locate his agent and his date for the night, making his excuses to both of them before he leaves the party. He isn't expecting to find Colin Morgan on his doorstep when he gets home.

It's a better place to fight than the public loos, he'll give it that.

"What do you want?" he sighs, but he unlocks the door and lets Colin in, and that says it all, really. Some people you really don't get over. Some people have the power to fuck you over again and again, as often as they want to.

Colin Morgan, in his home, looking like he belongs. Bradley's going to have to move house because he'll never be able to lose the image.

"I used you and fucked you over?" Colin says, quiet-like.

Bradley can't believe what he is hearing. "What would you call it, Morgan?" he asks. "One moment I'm your best friend, your hand-job buddy and then it's Goodbye Bradley Fuck Off Now! Do you know it took me eight months to figure out that you never called me back and never ever turned up to anything we organised? Eight months! How fucking stupid was I?"

"I meant to," Colin protested, "I was just busy..."

"Yeah," Bradley says, cold. "Busy. Because I wasn't convenient any more, was I? Too much fucking trouble to pick up a phone or take a train twenty minutes to meet at the pub."

Colin's face crumples, and he's always had the gift of breaking hearts with that face. Bradley's gut twists reluctantly and he grits his teeth. The bastard isn't going to turn this on him!

"No Bradley," Colin whispers. "I was just... I was afraid. There was so much... people were sayin' all this stuff about my future in the business and Sarah said I needed to look straight or my career'd go down the tubes..."

Bradley's temper is rising again. "It's not as though you had to marry me, you idiot, just... I thought we were at least friends!"

"I couldn't," Colin says, still in that broken whisper. "You were... Bradley I wanted you so much! I wanted to fall into you and never come out. I wanted..." He broke off, his breathing ragged in the quiet room. "I wanted everything!"

Bradley stares at him, all the pieces falling into quite a different pattern now, clicking into...

God, Colin had been so young; the pressure on him had been relentless, and he had been so sweet, so willing, so driven. So damned young.

"You idiot," he says again, but the words have lost their edge. Colin is slumped against the wall, utterly wrecked.

"Are you drunk?" Bradley asks after a minute and Colin nods, looking up at him again.

"I'm so sorry, Bradley," he mumbles. "I was jus' so scared. You were..."

"Yeah," Bradley says, making up his mind. "Come on then. You can sleep in my bed tonight - no sex though. We'll talk in the morning." He puts out his hand.

The look Colin gives him is utter trust and love, and every last, failing defense that Bradley has against him gives way before it. Ten years of pain wash away, leaving him scoured of all but love.

"Come on, Colin," Bradley says, and Colin does.