Emrys sat in his tent, thinking of their latest victory in the on-going war between Camelot and the Druids. Capturing Uther's only son, the Crown Prince, was a major coup but now he needed to decide what was the best way of dealing with him.

He looked up as a blond figure in chains was dragged in. They had removed his armour, and his shirt looked dirty and well-worn, but he still held himself proudly, even on his knees.

"Young Pendragon," Emrys said, "What a pleasure to finally meet you."

It was a pleasure. He'd heard the tales of the handsome young prince, but they paled into insignificance in the face of the beautiful young man at his feet. It was enough to make his decision for him - he wasn't one to indulge his desires at the expense of his people (he told himself) but he could allow himself this reward, while still striking a blow against their hated enemy.

"Many of my people would like to see me send your head to your father on a pike, a small repayment for the hundreds of our people he has slaughtered. I wonder though, which would upset him more - a dead son, or a live one the plaything of a sorcerer."

Prince Arthur had remained calm and defiant at the mention of his execution, but this suggestion obviously startled and appalled him. "You, you can't..."

He struggled briefly in his chains, until Emrys told him to be still, and tighter magical bonds held him in place. "Really, Your Highness, anyone would think that you'd never lain with a man before."

"Seriously, though, never? I didn't realise the men of Camelot added blindness to their many other faults. Now, hold completely still. I wouldn't want to hurt you by accident," Emrys said, as his magic sliced a neat line down the front of Arthur's shirt, baring his neck and chest completely.

"As opposed to on purpose, I suppose," Arthur replied, and Emrys was pleased to hear the spirit still in his voice.

"Not until you want me to. I plan for both of us to enjoy this very much, so I can wait until you're ready to beg me to hurt you. Of course, you will need some training..."

"You can't seriously think that I will do anything of the kind," Arthur said, overcoming his shock at the suggestion of begging for anything from his captor.

"Oh, you'll find things are rather different here from what you are used to. But then, if there was someone in Camelot with the power to show you what that beautiful mouth was made for, I wouldn't have the pleasure of teaching you."

He walked over to the table and brought back the cup of mead sitting waiting for him. Then he took Arthur's chin in his hand and moved his thumb caressingly over the full lips, painting them with the sweet sticky liquid. "No biting, now," he said, as he gently pushed his thumb inside, "just suck the mead away."

The slave did as he was told, chasing the thumb out of his mouth, to lick his lips clean as well.

"Good boy, well done. I look forward to feeling that talented tongue on my cock, very soon."

Arthur flushed, but his eyes darkened and Emrys realised that the proud prince was actually showing a taste for being controlled. At this rate, he would be begging far sooner than he could have hoped. What a blow for Uther, when Merlin showed him just how willing a fucktoy his precious son was.

He went over to the chest in the corner and got out a leather collar. It had a ring on the front and an adjustable catch at the back, as well as symbols let into the material. He walked back over to his prisoner and fitted it around his neck, speaking the spell that would seal it closed and bind the wearer into his service.

"There," he said,"now everyone will know who you belong to. You won't be needing those any more." He gestured to the chains and they fell off. He also released the binding spell, knowing that the spell on the collar was sufficient to maintain his control.

"Guards," Emrys called out. "Take our guest to my sleeping tent, and arrange for him to bathe."

"Go with them, wash and wait for me. Don't bother to dress, you won't be needing any clothes for a while, and it's a shame to cover up such a beautiful body."

He watched but didn't touch as Arthur got to his feet, showing how supple he was - oh, yes, this was definitely going to be a pleasure.