T-shirt for sale
by FunKelly 

T-shirt for sale. Part 66

I started to organize my supplies and set up my printing machine for my next T-shirt order, as I casually asked, "Now, where was I ?" Becky leaned back, giving me a clear view of the artificial phallus inserted in her sweet, well trimmed pussy. "You were reading the 'Wrong Camp' script at your cabin", she replied, while the faint sound of the vibrator motor of the saddle, could barely be heard. "Oh yes", I replied. I then began to tell her about the events of the following week, I had buried in my psyche for years.

*****

As I read the script, including side notes, I started to realize that the other actors in the play, were all going to be older than me. Apparently, they had to be at least sixteen years old to take part in a play that portrayed nudity. I was given a waver, happily signed by my mother, if I chose take the role of the young nudist in the play. At least I wouldn't be owned (as Sharon had put it) by a group of five year old girls.

The script did have, as Lauren implied before, "A light hearted comedy appeal, with a hint of naughtiness". The main premise of the script was a well-to-do couple, having one child, a girl about my age, leave her at the wrong summer camp for a week. The couple are self absorbed, and also led the nudist lifestyle. They often left their young daughter with sitters, as they traveled to nudist resorts around the world. Sometimes they would take her to the local nudist camp, occasionally staying there with her, while other times, leaving her with an adult from the camp staff for a week at a time.

One summer, being so self-centered, and concerned about missing their flight at the airport, the girl's parents accidently dropped her off at a neighboring summer camp for clothed children, with nothing but an overnight bag that contained, sunscreen, soap, shampoo, toothpaste and toothbrush along with a towel for the swimming pool. They told her to meet Cathy in the main office, then drove away. Panic set in as she realized this was not the nudist camp she had visited before.

Wearing only sandals, she called to them as they drove away, realizing there would be no Cathy, and no naked people in the office. She grabbed her towel for cover, then went into the office to explain what happened, and look for help. The woman in the office seemed more concerned about offending the young nudist, rather than pay attention to her plight. She decided the young girl could live out her nudist lifestyle at that camp, and she would explain to the others why she would be naked all week.

As I read on, I felt the tingling between my legs begin again. I used the evening bugs as an excuse to read the rest of the script in our cabin. Jane said, "Call me Kelly, if you need anything". I went into our cabin, then immediately laid on my bunk, spread my legs apart, and started masturbating, as I continued to read the script.

Thinking about how it would feel, being totally naked in front of a live audience, made me detect the same sensation I had felt when I had my first orgasm, on the back of a horse named Chestnut. I continued both reading and masturbating, bringing myself so close to my third orgasm of the day, when the cabin door opened. Jane entered the cabin and caught me doing the most private of female activities, 'Masturbation'. She looked, as I was laying there, legs spread wide open, with my fingers inserted into my pussy. I was so humiliated. I closed my legs, and covered my naked body, feeling so ashamed, I could not look at her.

Jane then sat on the edge of my bed, and said, "Oh Kelly, dear girl. Don't be ashamed. All women do it." I looked up at her, and asked, "Really?" "Of course we do sweetheart. Many won't admit to it, but all women masturbate. How else can we relieve ourselves of the penned up sexual frustration?" Not quite sure of what she was talking about, I did feel somewhat relieved that I was not the only one who used their fingers to bring on the incredible sensation of having an orgasm.

When you have your first orgasms, it's hard to believe everyone does it. You feel more like you're doing something wrong, and a sense of shame overwhelms you. Still, you're unable to think about anything else but getting that feeling back again. Jane turned me over, then looked at my twelve year old body. She moved my hand back toward my pussy, then stood up, walked to the door, and said, "I'll keep and eye out, while you finish up sweetheart", then she left the cabin.

Like Doris, Jane seemed trustworthy, so I immediately resumed putting my fingers to work. Again, I had to picture myself in some public setting, in order to reach, what I would later find out was called a Climax. I bit my teeth together as I let out a squeal. Immediately, my fingers were all sticky again, as I fell back on my bed, still feeling like I had done something wrong. I ran to the sink in the kitchen area of the cabin, washed my hands, then wet a small dish towel and cleaned up my sticky pussy, hoping to remove any evidence of my depravity.

I heard a light knock on the cabin door. At first I became frozen with fear, then I realized it was probably Jane. I open the door just a crack, and saw Jane's smiling face. "Are you o.k. Kelly?", she asked. I opened the door and let her in, as I replied, "I'm good". We both knew what that meant, and Jane did not force the issue.

Right then, mom and Sharon walked into the cabin. Mom said, "Hello Jane". She then turned to me and asked, "Kelly, what did you think about the script?" I hesitated answering her, when she continued, "Kelly. If you want to perform in the play, your sister said she would stay here with you". Sharon had already made that offer to me, but still I hesitated. Mom looked at me, and said, Why don't you sleep on it honey. Just let me know in the morning". I had a stay of execution, as I was torn about what to do.


T-shirt for sale. Part 67

Mom, Sharon and I went to bed about 10:00 on that particular Saturday night. During the short time of our evening together, not a word about my imposed nudity, or my pending decision about the play, was mentioned. I was grateful for that. I was restless that night, as the events of the day consumed my thoughts. I replayed the day over and over again in my mind. Everything from the feelings of utter humiliation I had experienced throughout the day, along with the euphoria of my first three orgasms.

I woke early the next day with a strange urge to remain naked. For some reason I didn't want my mom to retrieve my clothes from the trunk of her car, and return them to me. I looked at my hiking boots, sandals and sneakers, all lined up neatly next to my bunk, and thought how they were all I needed. I poured a cup of orange juice, while Sharon and mom were still sleeping, picked up the 'Wrong Camp' script, and headed out to the picnic table, hoping for a spectator or two. I would have preferred someone who hadn't seen me naked before, but anyone walking by would do.

I started to think that maybe I was a true nudist. I didn't know what an exhibitionist was at that point. I was disappointed to find no one was up and about yet, so decided to study the script again. I particularly focused on the lines of the young nudist, who was the heroine in the story. I was picturing in my mind, being naked on stage in front of a large audience, as I recited my lines. The tingling between my thighs, started once more. Jane and Jimmy then emerged from their cabin for the first time of the day. They both smiled and waved, then took their morning walk in the other direction. Again, I felt disappointed.

The urge to be seen naked was mounting, as I heard my mom say from inside the cabin, "Darn! We're out of eggs". She walked outside to fire up the grill, with a cast iron skillet in her hand. She looked down at me, and said, "Good morning sweetheart". She then called into my sister, saying "Sharon. I need you to run down to the country store and pick up some eggs". Before Sharon could reply, I jumped up and said, "I'll go mom".

My mom looked down at me, and replied, "Thank you sweetheart. I'll call down to Beth (the store manager) and let her know I'll be by later to pay for them, since you have nowhere to put the money, Now right to the store and back, Kelly. Don't dilly dally". I immediately put on my sneakers, then left for the store, before my mom could change her mind. I made it to the pool area in a minute, with my desire to be seen naked almost fulfilled. It was still very early, but at least a few people were out.

I smiled, and said "Good morning" to those I would pass, with my only cover being my first small patch of jet black pubic hair. Most would smile and wave, then talk among themselves about the little naked girl at the campground. It was so exciting. Lauren was out front of the office, when I walked by. She walked up to me and said, "Good morning Kelly. Where are you off to". I stopped and told her how my mom sent me to get eggs at the store.

"Have you given any further thought about performing in the play?", she asked. I wanted to tell my mom first, that I had decided I wanted to do the play, so I responded, "We're still discussing it, but we'll let you know soon". She then said, "If you do decide to act in the play, you can be assured, I've already told the other actors that you are a true nudist, so they won't be surprised when you don't put on any clothing, between rehearsals. Realizing I had just gotten either trapped in my nudity, or a free pass to stay naked for the entire week, depending on the moment, I became determined to act in the play.

We said our goodbyes, and I continued on my way the store, which was now in sight. Knowing most everyone knew by now, that there was a young nudist staying at the campground, was allowing me to feel more secure in my nudity, and eager to display my naked body to all who were around. Still not understanding that there was a difference between a nudist and an exhibitionist, I approached the store front, hoping there were other patrons inside.

I entered the store, where Beth was waiting for me. She said, "Good morning Kelly. Your mom told me you would be stopping by. Here are the eggs she wanted". Believe it or not, I was dumb enough to ask, "How did you know I was Kelly?", as I looked around the store. Beth laughed, then replied, "Probably because you naked, honey". An overwhelming perception of indecency came over me, and I once again became aware of the impropriety of my public nakedness. Still, the tingling continued.

Having never been in the store before, I continued to look around, feeling a bit disheartened that I could only see one other girl, about the age of eighteen, in the next isle. Beth, noticing me looking around, then said, "You can walk around if you'd like, Kelly". I thanked her, then ventured into the isles to see what kind of stuff was in the store, when the girl I had seen came around the end of the isle, and had her first look at the young nudist of the campground.

The girl was so pretty, dressed in a Blue T-shirt with the campground logo on it, and tan shorts. She looked me over, then smiled and said, "You must be Kelly", extending her hand. I nodded, "Yes", while I shook her hand. "I'm Stephanie", she said. All of a sudden I heard the unmistakable sound of the giggles from the six, five year old Sunshine Girls who had humiliated me at the camp office. My heart fell, as Stephanie said, "Come on girls. Pick a snack. We have to go". The girls came from around the isle, took one look at me, then started pointing and laughing again.

"Look! She's showing her privates again". said Sarah, the five year old girl that started my public degradation, when I was talking with Lauren in the office, the day before. The other girls chimed in, laughing and pointing at me, while the words 'Privates', 'Pee-Pee', among others, used by that age group, were resonating throughout the entire store. The sound of their laughter seemed to reach deafening levels, as I stood there, feeling sleazy, if not down right obscene.

Stephanie attempted to get the six girls to stop ridiculing me, as Beth had a look of empathy for my plight. The pity in her expression made me feel even more degraded, as Stephanie put her foot down, and said, "Girls! Stop it!" The six girls froze in their tracks, then Beth said to me, "Kelly. I hope you decide to do the play. It would mean so much to Lauren. Don't mind the girls. They're only five". She gave me a quick hug, then escorted my six worst nemesis' out of the store, leaving me alone with Beth, as I was attempting to restore any sense of dignity.

I had been seen totally naked by almost everyone at the campground over the last day, and often talked with many of the clothed people, yet these six little girls, had the ability to reduce me to emotional Jello. They made me feel tawdry and cheap. Yearning for something.... anything to cover my shame, I heard Beth say, "Kelly. Don't forget these", as she held out the carton of eggs.

Less than a half hour ago, I couldn't wait to have my naked body seen by others, now I felt too ashamed to even walk out of the store. I hesitated, as I peered out the door of the store. I couldn't see anyone directly in my path to the cabin, so I left the store with the idea of walking swiftly, instead of running, as not to bring any unwanted attention to myself. I stepped out onto the porch, then down the stairs of the store, when I heard the words, "Hi Kelly! How are you today?", coming from the side of the store.


T-shirt for sale. Part 68

To my great relief, it was Stan, Irene, and their three grandsons, Andy, Larry and James. Stan and Irene smiled, as they greeted me, while the three boys actually, said hello to me. They even occasionally looked at my face, when they weren't staring at either my erect nipples, or my patch of pubic hair. It was the perfect antidote to the toxic feeling I was left with, when the six little girls humiliated me, for the second time this weekend.

Irene said, "Boys. Grandpa and I have to pick up a few things from the store. Stay here with Kelly, and we'll be out in a few minutes. Stan and Irene disappeared into the store, as I was on display for Andy, Larry and James. I could not have been happier. I held the carton of eggs with my right hand and at my side, leaving my erect nipples, and exposed vagina on display for the three boys. Andy, the oldest of the three boys, asked, "Kelly. What is a nudist? Grandma told us you were a nudist and that's why you're always naked".

Unsure how to answer the question, I spotted James, the eight year old, and youngest of the three brothers, staring directly at my pussy. Larry elbowed his brother, in order to break his trance. I acted like I didn't notice, since James' constant stares were making me wet between my thighs, and I was enjoying it. I answered Andy's question by repeating what Lauren had told the six little girls in the office, the day before. "A person who engages in the practice of going naked wherever possible".

I couldn't believe I remembered what Lauren had said, though it had little effect. Andy looked more confused than before he asked the question. I realized there was no logical way to explain my public nudity, when Stan and Irene came out of the store. Irene gave me a big smile, and said, "Kelly. You are such a free spirit! It's so refreshing to see someone your age, living life on your terms". Now I was confused, but grateful for the reprieve.

I told her I needed to get the eggs back to my mom, when she said, "Well sweetheart. We're in cabin 32 if you'd like to stop by later. I walked back to our cabin, feeling much better about my imposed nakedness. After the six little girls had brought me to my emotional low, Stan, Irene and the boys were a welcome boost. As I made my way back, people I didn't know were waving, and calling out, "Good morning Kelly", among other greetings. It became obvious that almost everyone knew who, "Kelly. The Campground Nudist" was. I smiled and waved back, as I headed back to meet my mom and sister.

When I arrived at our cabin, my mom had the grille going strong, and her iron skillet was filled with bacon and sliced potatoes. Everything smelled so good. She turned to me, and said, "Thank you sweetheart", as she took the eggs. I guess the minute it took the six little girls to bring me to my all time low self esteem, along with the two minutes it took the three boys to restore a small portion of my dignity, wasn't noticed. I said, "Your welcome mom", as I saw her in a different light.

Before I knew she was a teenage nudist, I felt my mom was punishing me for skinny dipping with my three guy friends. The guys and I had skinny dipped plenty of times before, in the lake near our homes, but we were the only ones there. Unlike now, where I had experienced the euphoria of an orgasm, I always felt like I was just one of the guys. Sharon walked out of the cabin, wearing a T-shirt and gym shorts. She looked at me, then at mom, then back at me, with this devious look in her eyes.

She might have been mentally teasing me about having an orgasm on Chestnut's back, but I felt she would keep our little secret. I tried to get her alone, so I could tell her about mom's teenage nudist experience. I kept mouthing the words, "I need to tell you something". Sharon kept giving me that, "WTF" look. No matter how hard I tried, I was unable to get her attention, concerning the matter of mom's prior life.

Mom was still cooking our breakfast, when she asked, "Kelly sweetheart. Have you given anymore consideration to performing in Lauren's play?" Sharon looked at me with the same sinister grin I had seen before, then said, "Mom. Kelly agreed to perform in the play, since I will be staying with her. You may want to leave her a beach towel, along with her sneakers and sandals. I don't see her needing anything else for the week", as she turned to me, displaying a menacing smirk.

I was standing there in horror, as my mom replied, "Sharon. She's going to need sunscreen for her vagina, that little bottom of hers, and those nipples. The last thing a nudist wants is for those sensitive areas to get sunburned. Believe me. I know from experience". Sharon's eyes became wide open, when I again mouthed the words, "I need to tell you something about mom". She finally realized I had been trying to tell her something, and said, "O.k. mom. I'll see she doesn't get a sunburn in those areas", while looking at me, unsure of what to do next.

Sharon and I ate our breakfast, then told our mom we were going for a walk. We headed down the path that led passed the cabins. Several people were out, and waved, as we walked by. I informed Sharon about mom's teenage nudist experience, based on the story that Jane had told me, the evening before. She suddenly understood why mom kept insisting that I was a nudist. We continued walking, and ended up at the outdoor theatre area. No one was around, so Sharon coaxed me into getting up on stage.

I was standing on the stage, picturing a large clothed audience was out in front of me. I made my way around the stage, imagining what it would be like to act in a live play, while completely naked. Experiencing an adrenaline rush, I started reciting some of the lines from the play, as Sharon watched me. She allowed me some space, possibly trying to understand the desire I had to perform in the play, even though she was the one who had volunteered me for the part, just a half hour earlier.

While Sharon was watching me play acting, neither of us noticed the six teenage actors from the campground, who had made their way up to one side of the stage. I was completely startled when one of the girls, called out, "Good morning! You must be Kelly". I turned to see four girls and two guys, somewhere between the ages of sixteen and eighteen, observing me while I was on the stage, wearing nothing but my sneakers. I struggled to keep from covering my pussy with my hands.

I was thankful Sharon immediately walked over to meet the actors at the stage, while I became tongue tied, and just stood there with a stupid grin on my face. She introduced herself to the six teenagers, saying, "Hi. I'm Sharon, and obviously our little nudists here, is my sister Kelly". They all said, "Hello", while seeming so pleased to meet me. I would soon find out why. The girl who originally called out to me, asked, "Kelly. Does this mean your going to take the role of the nudist, in the play?"

Standing there in front of six teenagers, I remained tongue tied, as my little patch of pubic hair seemed so meager, compared to their fully grown bodies. I felt so small and insignificant. Another of the girls, said, "She's so petite and adorable. She's perfect for the part", then introduced herself as, Connie. She continued saying, "Kelly. Lauren has wanted to bring this script to production for several years now. The six of us, along with some other novice actors, like the idea of playing either antagonists to a little nudist girl, stranded at the wrong campground, or her defenders.

One of the guys, said, "None of us, in our wildest dreams, ever thought we would have a true nudist here at the campground. If you agree to play the role, I get to play the part of one of the few campers, who has empathy for your plight. A sort of guardian for the helpless nudist girl, if you will". He then introduced himself, as Kevin, while paying more attention to my sister, than to me. Everyone joined me on stage, making me feel even more exposed, as I had to look up to them, while they had an almost bird's eye view, of my naked little body.

