By morning Simon's bursting with apologies, however he doesn't get a chance to express them because Jayne has done his usual disappearing act. Come to think of it, the mercenary never did get much rest back on Serenity. Simon can count on one hand the number of times Jayne has turned in before him and then it was probably only to get some hand relief. It shows how exhausted the man is at present to slope off to bed and fall into such a deep sleep so quickly.
Regrets pushed to one side, Simon looks out of the window and sees that the mule has gone. He wishes that Jayne had waited around to ask if there was anything needed from town, still, there should be enough tools lying around the place for him to have a go at fixing the old generator. If he's lucky all it'll need is filling with diesel.

After a quick breakfast of beans and canned pears, Simon strolls out into the sunshine. The sky is a deep, seamless blue and it's looking as if today is going to be blisteringly hot. It's strange living on a world where you have no idea of the seasons. Osiris has a controlled weather system, Serenity too when it's functioning correctly, and yet here they are completely at the mercy of nature. It's oddly liberating.

Taking his shirt off, Simon leaves it on the bench at the front of the house, then with a quick embarrassed smile at the memory of last night, he rolls a drum around to the boiler room at the back of the house. Decanting some of the fuel into a more manageable container, he opens up the tank and pours the diesel inside, a good portion of it spilling and coating his hand in sticky black streaks. Even the human body doesn't produce such indelible waste, he thinks as he wipes away the residue with a rag and then continues to fill the generator, more carefully this time. When he can no longer put off the inevitable, he presses the starter button and jumps back in amazement when the machine shudders noisily into life.

There's only one problem. A quick sprint around the farm tells him that there's still no power. The damn thing must be producing electricity; it's producing enough noise. Collecting his books, notes and a large wrench from the storage shed, Simon heads back to the boiler house, ready to do battle with the gou cao de machine.

As far as he can tell everything is in working order. Crouching down and reading through every manual he brought with him from the library Simon suddenly realises what the problem is. Behind the machine are several industrial-sized batteries. The electricity must be stored inside them until it's needed and then changed over via a switching system. Behind the door, next to the pump control is another smaller panel. One click of the knob has an immediate and gratifying result; light spills out from the overhead strip and by the sound of things, the pump has also sprung into life.

There's an old sink by the door and when Simon takes a wrench to the seized up faucet water gushes out rinsing away the dust and desiccated spider husks from the scratched enamel base. When he hears a noise he naturally assumes that it's Jayne come back to fetch something.

"We have water," he yells happily, turning off the faucet.

There's no answer, just a scrabbling from behind him which quickly increases in volume and as Simon stares at the murky white tiles, he sees a vague reflection of something that's smaller than Jayne but far bigger than any rodent he's ever encountered.

Spinning around, he raises a foot ready to kick out at the Reaver, but the creature is too quick and launches forward, pushing him down onto the dirty concrete floor. The impact is so fierce that Simon sees stars and, worse still, drops the wrench which clatters away towards the far wall. The Reaver kneels over him, saliva dripping from its open jaws and Simon sees death in its eyes. It takes a bite out of his shoulder, chomping and swallowing, then sits back and leers, reaching downwards with clawed hands and ripping away the crotch of Simon's pants to expose his genitals. A sob rising, Simon prepares himself for the worst, but then he thinks about River and the rest of the crew and most of all he thinks of Jayne. With a knee jabbing up into the Reaver's solar plexus he ignores the agony coursing through him and reaches out for the wrench, slamming the heavy tool across the back of his assailant's head in one swift movement.

The Reaver slumps down onto him and the stench rising off the creature is vile. Pushing it away, Simon gulps back the fear and drags the unconscious body out to the empty barn, shackling it to the wall with anything he can find -- rope first for speed followed by leather animal restraints. Shaking with terror he races back inside the house, ignoring the hot slipperiness of the blood that's spilling down his arm as he hunts frantically for those weapons that Jayne mentioned last night. It's only when he's checked every nook of the house, upstairs and down, that he remembers the cellar.

Shivering, he almost takes a tumble down the steps but manages to save himself by hanging on tight to the bent metal handrail. Then, clicking on the overhead light, he sees to his relief that a shotgun and a pistol have been stored there, complete with boxes of ammunition. Loading the handgun he struggles back up the stairs, checking quickly to see if his wound requires attention. It feels horrific, but it's not that bad. He'll live. He'll live.

The barn is eerily silent. Simon's loathed to go back in there, but he has no choice if he's to survive this. Opening the doors he peers in, gun raised shakily as he scans the building. Thankfully the creature is still unconscious and, edging further inside, Simon sinks down onto the ground, leaning back against the rough wooden wall and keeping his eyes fixed on his prisoner.

Since being trapped inside Serenity's narrow bulkheads, Simon's learned many intricate methods of passing the time. The infirmary is so neat and tidy that Kaylee and River often gang up and ridicule him for it, but there's nothing obsessive about his organised labeling system, it's just something to do. The other thing he practices, on a slightly more compulsive level, is deep thought. It may not sound like an obsessive disorder, but there are times when Simon wants to shout at everyone to stop needing him so he can take a vacation inside his head.

Gauging the passage of time from the movement of sunbeams across the floor, Simon surmises that it takes the Reaver almost four hours to return to consciousness and another two to make any attempt to free itself. Once it's awake, Simon keeps the gun trained on the creature, proud of how hard he must have slammed that wrench down for it to have lost consciousness for so long. Even though it appears to be safely shackled, Simon's taking no chances and, thinking time over, he waits for Jayne to come back, ignoring the snarling grunts, the pain in his rib cage and shoulder and that growing, desperate thirst.

It's fully dark when he hears the mule turn into the yard and, too tired to shout out, he waits for Jayne to hunt him down.

"You got the power on, Doc," comes a voice, laden with praise. "I knew you could fix it." There's the sound of doors slamming and then footsteps which increase in speed and volume. "Where in gorram hell are you?"

"In the big barn," calls Simon, his throat hoarse and dry. He's not even sure he's made enough sound to be heard until Jayne pushes open the doors.

"Here," says Simon weakly and Jayne moves the beam of his flashlight until it lands on him. "We had a visitor stop by," he says pointing in the direction of his new friend.

"Qingwa cao de liumang!" Jayne spits out a few more expletives, but they're new ones to Simon.

Unholstering his pistol, the mercenary aims it at the Reaver, but Simon gets unsteadily to his feet and stands in front of the creature.

"Outta my way, Doc."

Simon shakes his head. Killing in cold blood is abhorrent to him under any circumstances. "Just make sure it can't get free."

"And then what? Do we feed it beefsteak and keep it as a pet?"

"I can't stand by and watch you shoot its head off."

"Well then, get the fuck outta here so's you don't see nothing."

Rubbing his temples to ease off the pressure headache that's building, Simon forgets the state his clothing is in. He can't see the look on Jayne's face, but the sudden intake of breath is a clear indicator of the mercenary's increased level of emotion.

"Hundan. Chusheng xai-jiao de xiang huo."

"He… it didn't do anything, Jayne." Simon puts his life on the line, stepping closer to the Reaver, and the more he defends it, the more uncertain he is as to why. "I'm okay. I swear." Standing is becoming close to impossible. It's been a horrendous day: he's injured, he's hungry, he's thirsty. "Let's get back to the house. Please." He's not even got the energy left to hold up the torn front of his pants. So exhausted…

Next thing he knows he's leaning against the barn wall, unsure of how he made it back there, while Jayne is securing a pair of rusty shackles around the creature's ankles.

"He ain't going nowhere with these on him," says the mercenary then he swoops down like a grimy, smoke-scented angel and picks Simon up in his arms. "Let's get you fixed up."

Jayne's so gentle with him that it feels as if he's flying and seeing the house all lit up makes him smile dreamily. He did that. It wasn't exactly complicated, but still, he did it by himself. Accomplishments used to come so easy to him yet, recently, every day has become a battle just to keep up.

Laid out in state on the couch with a blanket wrapped around him, Simon watches Jayne hurry about the house, collecting the med kit, fetching him a drink of water, firing up the range. The man doesn't stop moving.

Kneeling on the floor in front of him, Jayne helps Simon out of his clothes. "That dirty sumbitch took a fair sized chunk out of you."

Simon looks sideways at the gouge in his shoulder which is still bleeding after all this time. "It should've clotted by now," he mutters.

"Some old doc once told me they had stuff in their spit makes wounds stay open a while."

"Anti-coagulant enzymes." Simon hisses with pain as Jayne washes the bite with antiseptic and tweezes out every piece of dirt.

"Sorry." The mercenary looks apologetically up at him as he tapes a piece of gauze over the wound. "Forgot to give you these." Handing over a couple of painkillers and the glass of water, he then pulls back the blanket and examines Simon's naked body. "You certain it didn't touch you? You're a pretty shade of black and blue."

"No, I'm fine." Simon discovers how much he likes it when Jayne calls any part of him pretty, even if it's just bruises.

"Well then, you choose yourself some antibiotics while I fix supper."

"You make a good nurse," says Simon as he swallows two more tablets while Jayne tucks him in.

"I had some practice at it," Jayne mutters on his way out of the door.

*

After a meal consisting of noodles, peas and canned chicken, Simon's beginning to feel a lot better. The bite is now just a dull ache, the faintness long gone, and he'd clear away the dishes except that Jayne won't allow it and insists on him sitting down for the remainder of the evening. Making the most of his time off, he reads up on how solar cells work. They may have the power back on for now, but their supply of diesel is far from unlimited.

Going to bed feels unbelievably normal considering what they've been through. After barricading the doors and latching the shutters they trudge up the stairs, Jayne's hand resting against the small of Simon's back.

Closing the bedroom drapes Simon listens to the sound of running water and as he stretches out on the big, comfortable bed, dressed in the dead farmer's robe, he thinks about River and hopes she isn't missing him too much. Maybe she knows he's okay.

"Bath's ready," says Jayne a few minutes later.

That worried look has eased a little, but it's still noticeable, especially around the tensed up corners of the man's mouth.

"I'm honestly fine," says Simon as the mercenary tries to help him into the tub. "Your injuries are far worse than mine."

"I ain't the one that was collapsed in a heap on the floor of the barn an hour ago," says Jayne, taking the robe and hanging it on a hook on the back of the door.

Simon frowns; he had a nagging feeling that he'd fainted like a girl and this explains why Jayne is treating him like one. Shrugging off his embarrassment, he steps into the bath and it's like retracing his steps back into a perfect world. The water is deep and clear and the steam coming off it is dense enough to allow him a moment to forget everything, just for a while. "There's room for two," he says impulsively.

The mercenary stills for a moment, staring at Simon warily, then he undresses, making sure to place his revolver on the side of the sink within easy reach.

The old fashioned tub is plenty big enough for them both and as Jayne slides in behind him, Simon sprawls bonelessly against the big man. "This shouldn't be so easy," he murmurs, almost to himself.

"Gorram right it shouldn't," answers Jayne sleepily. "It'd give Mal one hell of a turn to see us this way."

Simon pictures the look of horror on the captain's face and is about to burst into fits of laughter when, out of the blue and completely out of context, Jayne says, "I'm sorry, Simon."

It's always a shock when the man calls him by his first name and Simon is stunned and more than a little confused by the short sentence. "Sorry for what?" he asks.

"For not making this place safe." Jayne leans his head back on the rim of the tub and stares at the mildewed ceiling. "Been so busy clearing the town that I didn't even think to check the farm over. I should've done. Wo de tian a, first day I let you go off without a weapon, not even a knife. You could've been killed. You could've been worse. Made! I'm a stupid, selfish sumbitch."

"Have you finished beating yourself bloody?" says Simon, kneeling up and then straddling that big body. It's a squeeze sitting like this, but, wriggling around, he manages to find a way to get comfortable.

Jayne stares up at him with this blank expression on his face.

"I'm almost thirty years old," continues Simon. "It's not your job to look after me." Squeezing some shower gel into his hand, he rubs his palms together then lathers the soap over Jayne's exposed upper torso. "I was the one who found this place. I should have checked it out more thoroughly."

Jayne closes his eyes as Simon rubs shampoo into his short hair. "Don't make no difference what you say. I know what I should've done."

"Jesus, you're so stubborn." Simon rinses away the suds with cupped hands then leans forward. "We're alive. We're okay. Deal with it."

They kiss, tongues sweeping together, soft cocks nudging each other in the water and at last Simon can feel some of that tension leeching away from the man. Too wound up for this to turn into anything sexual he pulls back, groaning with pleasure as Jayne reciprocates by washing him all over.

"Guess you're right," Jayne says eventually, his hands coming to rest on Simon's hips.

"I'm always right." Simon smiles and then climbs out of the tub, drying himself off on a warm, clean towel. "Haven't you learned that yet?"

Vaguely aware of Jayne redressing his wounded shoulder Simon falls asleep as soon as his head hits the pillow. He wakes, sometime later, to the usual empty bed, although contrary to normal it's still dark outside and there's not even a sound from the birds who normally begin their chorusing a good hour before dawn breaks. Wondering whether Jayne was left hard and horny after their shared bath, Simon decides to investigate, pulling on a pair of pants then sneaking barefoot down the stairs, hoping for a chance to play voyeur.

The mercenary is nowhere to be found inside and so, after kicking on a pair of shoes, Simon quietly opens the front door. At first he ignores the bestial gruntings of their prisoner, hunting for Jayne anywhere but the barn. However the muttered Mandarin curses soon convince him of the man's location.

The scene inside the timber building is not a pretty one. Halogen light casts elongated shadows, making everything seem worse than it truly is -- at least Simon hopes that's the case. The captured Reaver is strung from a cross beam by its wrists in much the same way those godforsaken miners had been, but this time Jayne is the one who's responsible. With a sickle in one hand and some kind of nightstick in the other the mercenary looks terrifying, blank expression and spatters of blood adding to the horror.

"Jayne!"

The man ignores him, stabbing the cudgel into the Reaver's torso, the sparking and ensuing muscle spasm indicating that the weapon is some kind of electric animal prod.

"Jayne, stop this now."

The sickle slices through skin as if it's butter and a deluge of bloody guts spill out of the Reaver's left side.

"Please, Jayne. No."

Simon discovers that he's crying, sympathising with the piece of filth that only a few hours ago had tried to rape him. This is the worst feeling ever -- to have it spelled out for all to see how truly weak he is.

Snatching the rifle from where it's resting against the wall, Simon fires at the creature's head. The first shot misses by a mile, but as soon as he squeezes the trigger again Simon knows that the second is going to hit true and, jerking violently from the recoil, he watches as the skull explodes like rotting fruit.

"Why?" he asks as they cut the body down and carry it to the ice house. Opening the doors, they throw it inside where it lands with a wet squelch on top of the growing pile of corpses. "For god's sake why, Jayne?"

"I need a gorram drink." The mercenary strides off to the courtyard where he washes himself down with water from the pump then walks purposefully into the house.

Simon keeps a safe distance away, uncertain of Jayne's intentions, uncertain right now of the man's sanity and, understandably, it takes him a while to collect his thoughts. Washing the dead Reaver's blood off his hands, he stares at the brownish residue covering the stones, wishing fervently that the moonlight wasn't bright enough to pick out every detail.

Having put off the inevitable for as long as he dare, Simon enters the house, closing the door behind him and switching on the lights. Jayne is sitting at the kitchen table, eyes fixed on a bottle of liquor that he must have smuggled in at some point. Simon's never seen it before today and if he had then he would have probably poured it down the sink. The bottle is still full, an encouraging sign, but in contrast Jayne's eyes are exceptionally empty.

Simon scrapes the chair back across the floor and sits opposite him.

"You want to know why." The big man's voice is devoid of emotion and he stares vacantly down at his fingernails.

Simon nods. "I need to know why. I need to know that I can trust you."

"You can trust me."

"I'm not certain of that."

Jayne looks up, his eyes filling with something ancient. "Did I ever tell you 'bout where I was born?" he asks.

Simon considers the question carefully. He knows Mal's story and he's heard Kaylee's a hundred times over, but Jayne's never discussed his past with him. Up until recent times they've only ever communicated via insult. "No," he says coldly, wondering what this has to do with pointless torture of a subhuman.

"Was on a space ship out there somewhere." Jayne looks upward. "Got no place of birth listed, just co-ords."

It's not uncommon. Simon's seen many medical records with similar details.

"My pa was with one of the teams working for the Federal Colonisation Program. He travelled 'round from rock to rock, welding up the framework of them base stations and then moving on. We went with him, family growing all the while."

It's not the most pleasant of lives, but certainly nothing terrible. Simon's always pictured a far worse upbringing for the mercenary.

Jayne goes back to staring at the bottle. "There was seven of us when it happened -- Pa and Ma, me, my three sisters and the baby Matthew. He was just eight months old back then."

Drawing his chair forward Simon leans in, elbows on the table, chin resting on laced fingers. Everything outside of this room is inky black and silent. "Go on," he says in a half-whisper.

"The base was halfway finished when Reavers hit like a plague. Looking back I reckon there was no more than three crews at the most, but it seemed to me like there was a billion of them. 'Bout a quarter of our team got away in the transport ship, but the rest of us weren't so lucky."

"How old were you?"

"Nine. I was the eldest and Pa needed me to be responsible. He told me to take Ma and the baby and find a safe hiding place then stay there. No matter what I was to see or hear, I was to stay there."

Simon shivers. He should have seen this coming. It wasn't as if the mercenary hadn't telegraphed his fears for everyone to pick up on.

"On site were these big old transport crates that the construction materials came in. I used to play in them with some of the other kids. Ma had Mattie all swaddled up against her, a bottle stuffed in his mouth to keep him quiet, and I pushed them in then followed, shutting us inside. I told her sit to at the back and keep tight hold of the baby while I peeked out of the vent holes to see what was going on."

Jayne looks up, lost somewhere and Simon can no longer tell if his eyes are vacant or brimming over with too much feeling.

"If'n I'd just had a knife…"

"You were nine, Jayne."

"I was big for my age. I could've done something."

"What happened next?" Simon doesn't want to ask the question, but if he remains silent then the moment will be over and Jayne will go back to coping as best he can.

"Pa was carrying two of the girls and dragging the other along behind him. She was screaming, screaming so loud and if I'd gone and got her…"

"Then you'd have put your mother and the baby in danger," says Simon softly. He slides a hand across the surface of the table, his fingertips making contact with Jayne's.

"Reavers move so rutting quick," says the mercenary, looking up and connecting with Simon at last. "They don't look it, but one minute you're clear and the next they're on you. The stink is always the gorram same. I can smell it in my sleep."

"What happened?" Simon asks again, wondering if he'll dream of Reaver stench from now on.

"Pa fought them off as long as he could, but he weren't strong enough on his own."

Simon gets up from the table to fetch two enamelware mugs then sits back down and pulls the stopper out of the bottle of brandy, pouring out two large measures. Pushing a cup towards Jayne, he leaves the bottle open, certain that they'll both be needing more before the night is out.

"The Reavers took the girls from him and he fought so gorram hard to get them back, but there was one of him and two dozen of them. They left him unconscious on the floor and then, right there in front of me, they butchered my sisters. Butchered them into cuts of meats."

"Tianna!" Simon swallows back the bile that rises to his throat.

"They left soon after that. Took the food and equipment they came for and went. When it was safe we came out of that crate. Pa was ripped up bad, but still alive and once he came to and told Ma what had happened she just about broke her heart. Only that one time though, after then she just got on with life." Jayne swallows down the liquor. "No one came for us," he continues. "We were stuck there, about twenty of us in a looted, half-finished station on a piece of dirt that didn't even have a name. No comm. No nothing. The feds just left us there to die."

"I… I'm sorry." Simon grieves for the small boy that Jayne once was. Everything begins to makes sense: the big man's obsession with weapons, his hatred of Reavers, his desire to keep family safe. His guilt.

"What're you sorry for? You weren't there. You didn't do nothing." Jayne glares at him. "It ain't your problem. You wanted to know why I done what I done and I told you. End of story."

Simon refills both mugs. Ignoring Jayne's outburst he reaches out his hand once more. "How did you survive?" he asks, skin resting against skin.

"Just built up a colony like the settlers would've done. There weren't enough of us, but we managed. Finished off the base then built housing and planted out crops. My folks are still there now."

Jesus! No wonder Jayne doesn't ever want to visit his home-world. "Why?" Simon asks incredulously.

"Not enough coin to relocate," says Jayne matter-of-factly. "'Sides Mattie was always too sickly for space travel and Pa weren't ever the same after. Hardly spoke a word since that day. Every time I looked at him I could see death in his eyes."

Simon's never seen the big man come so close to crying before and he hopes he never will again. Shoving the chair back he gets to his feet and hurries round to the other side of the table, bending over and wrapping his arms around Jayne's neck.

"S'why I did it. To stop it happening again. And I ain't sorry, whatever you think of me."

The words reverberate against Simon's skin. Shoving back the table he straddles Jayne's thighs, threading his fingers into dark hair and staring into desolate eyes. "Tomorrow we're going to check over every inch of this property together," he says. "Then we're going to make the house secure and keep all the guns loaded. After that you're going to teach me how to use weapons."

Tonight, though, they need something else and being halfway to drunk helps Simon to take the initiative. Licking a path over the new growth of Jayne's soul patch he takes that full lower lip between his teeth and tugs at it gently.

The big man pulls away. "If'n this is about pity then-"

"Wo de ma!" Simon leans back, taking hold of Jayne's hand and laying it over the solid column of his own erection. "This is how much I want you." He strokes a palm up Jayne's thickening ji ba. "And this is how much you want me. Do the math."

"Was never much good at numbers."

Jayne smiles. It's a weak and watery attempt but Simon'll choose that small twitch of lips over the man's previous blankness. "Bed," he insists, climbing off Jayne's lap and tugging him towards the stairs.

By the time they reach their room Simon's harder than he's ever been in his life. It shouldn't be like this, not after the relentless horror they've been living through recently, yet somehow this makes Simon all the more desperate. He's never been one to take control, but, despite being willing, Jayne remains docile, spaced out, and Simon has to push him back onto the bed, crawling over him then shoving at both their pants and pressing his rigid cock against overheated skin.

Clinging on tightly, Simon begins this slow grind, speeding up as the wetness flows out of them and he pushes them closer with deliberate strokes he watches carefully as Jayne wakes from his dream state.

"Fuck," he moans, dragging Simon against him then pulling him closer for kisses. "Fuck!"

The sex takes over, a flash fire of hot, slick friction. Simon's panting into Jayne's mouth, his hips are pumping furiously and with his hands gripping Jayne's hips he arches up and comes in wet, heaving pulses, recovering quickly enough to enjoy the sight and the feel of Jayne's orgasm.

Afterwards, Jayne buries himself in the comforter and Simon can tell that the man is still working through the events of the day -- probably lost within some of those bad memories. This is a positive thing though. It's far better that Jayne do this than shut off his feelings, the way he's been doing for years.

"What were your sisters called?" asks Simon softly as he cleans them both with a handful of toilet paper.

The big man tenses and Simon wraps an arm around him, curving up against that strong body. The position makes him feel both protected and protector.

"Abigail, Emma and Joanna. Abi was just a year younger 'n me, the twins were five…" His voice fades into abject weariness. "I can't talk about this now, Doc. I'm too tired."

It's too soon, Simon thinks. Jayne's held back from grieving for so long that he needs space to come to terms with things. Simon went through the exact same process when he finally accepted that the sister he had known and loved was gone. They aren't as dissimilar as he once thought.