The High Dive
by TheBlushingPrincess 

Josh,

As you know, I absolutely love your pool stories. So I wanted to put my own spin on this high-dive tale. I hope you like it!

-Princess

*****

Okay. It was going to be a big summer. The summer of Cindy. I was going to come out of my shell. Be bold. Be me! That’s what I kept telling myself, over and over. And it was all going to start with me making a great impression on Justin. He was the cutest! I had to make him my boyfriend. I just had to! Granted, I had never had a boyfriend before. Sure, I’d been on plenty of dates. But I’d never had an actual boyfriend. And I wanted one. And not just any one. I wanted Justin. The cutest boy in school.

Justin and I knew each other casually. We had gone through school together, all the way from kindergarten through high school graduation just last week. So yeah. We knew each other. And I’ve totally been in love with him since like sixth grade. But I’ve always been too shy to make a move. I mean, it’s not that I’m not pretty enough for him. I’m absolutely pretty. Not that I’m conceited about it, but yeah, I’m pretty. Nice curves, good hair, a cute face. So yeah. Pretty.

Anyway, this was going to be it. I knew he was going to be at the pool that day. Him and his soccer buddies. It was now or never.

I found a great bikini to wear. Not a thong or anything trashy like that. But a nice two-piece with a skimpy, string-tie top that showed off my best features in the best way. I packed my bag and headed over to the pool. It’s just a couple of blocks from my house, so I walked.

When I got there, sure enough, there was Justin. I had never seen him in a swimsuit before. At least, if I had, it had been years and years. He had some nice muscles. Soooo cute. And that smile when he saw me and waved from across the deck? I just about melted. Yes, this was going to be the day.

I found a lounge chair not far from where he was sitting. I didn’t want to sit too close. I didn’t want to be obvious. A girl’s got to play a little hard-to-get, right? I made sure he was looking in my direction and I slipped off my cover-up. I’m not certain he was looking at me, but I think he might have been. I rubbed sunscreen all over my legs and belly and arms, trying to be casually seductive. I didn’t want to look like a slut, certainly, but I wanted Justin to notice me. I think he might have.

Well, a little time went by, and I saw him and his buddies hanging out in the pool, kind of near the diving area. There were three boards. This was my chance. I’d walk over, climb up to the high-dive, and make a literal and figurative splash, right in front of Justin. He would have no choice but to notice me. I’d come up, my hair glistening from the water, my breasts perfectly presented in my bikini top, and he would have no chance. He would be smitten, and we would ride off into the sunset together. That was the plan. A perfect plan.

I headed over to the high dive and started to climb. Okay, I was starting to get a little nervous from the height. Yeah, I was a decent swimmer and my diving technique wasn’t bad. I mean, I could do standard flips and so on. Nothing Olympic-worthy, but not too shabby for your average college-bound, 18-year-old.

I made it up to the top and slowly edged my way out to the end of the board. I looked down. Yikes. Farther than I had thought! But yes, the stage was set. There was Justin, down below. I just needed to wait for the exact moment. He was looking away, away, away. But then, by some kind of miracle, he actually looked up and saw me on the board. He waved at me. He waved at me. He waved at me! Okay. It was now or never. I waved back, coyly. He gestured up at me with his hands, as if to say, You’re going to dive from all that way? I waved back with a confident “thumbs up.”

This was it!!! My audience was waiting… and watching! Attentively! The perfect setup. This would be a moment that neither of us ever forgot!

I bounced three times on the end of the board, just like my instructor had taught me years and years ago. Then I got just a bit of lift, and one more big bounce, and I was airborne! Such an amazing feeling. Heart pounding. Hair flying. It was incredible. Two summersaults and then to straighten out just before making entry. A perfect ten! Splash! The water hit me like a ton of bricks, but it felt like a great dive.

I opened my eyes to get my bearings. I saw feet and legs above me. I surfaced, amazingly, right in front of Justin. We swam a few yards to an area where I could stand up. The water was just about waist high. And there we were, right in front of each other. Gazing at each other. Wow. Could things have been going any better for me? I think not! It was all going to plan!

Justin looked at me, genuinely impressed. His eyes were wider than ever. “Cindy, wow. Just wow. I’ve got to say. Very impressive. Really. Very impressive. I had no idea how impressive you were.”

Well, I knew the dive had been good, but I had no idea that he would be so taken with it. And with me! Everything was going perfectly.

“Thank you, Justin.” I did a silly little curtsey. You know, to kind of help break the ice.

“And what do you think of my swimsuit?” I asked. I did a little twirl for him, seductively placing my hands in my hair for greatest effect.

He was smiling so big. I’d never seen him smile like that. Even his soccer buddies were starting to gather around. They were smiling too.

Justin was just so taken with me, he even had to release with a little chuckle. “Cindy, I’ve got to say, that’s the best swimsuit I’ve ever seen.”

We just smiled at each other for what seemed like an eternity. He was looking me up and down, but I just kept my eyes focused on him the whole time, keeping my hands seductively up in my hair. I was so flattered. Yes, clearly he liked my swimsuit, sure. And I’ll bet he liked even more what he imagined to be inside it!

One of his soccer buddies, Oscar, had his phone with him. He said, “Cindy and Justin, get close. Let me get a picture. You know. To celebrate your amazing… your amazing… dive. Right. To celebrate your amazing dive!” Oscar chuckled a bit. I wasn't sure why.

This couldn’t have been going better. Justin and I gathered closer for a photo. Oscar took so many pictures. All kinds of angles. And plenty of closeups. I just kept looking at the camera, making silly, seductive faces. In some, I'd have my hands up in my hair. In others, I'd be draped all over Justin. Some I'd just look right into the camera, arms outstretched, making a pouty face. These pictures were going to be so incredible! They’d be all over the internet, and everyone would see me and Justin together, at last! These photos would be the talk of the school! It was a dream come true.

I said to Justin, "You'll have to print one of these and put it on your desk at college!"

He smiled back at me. "Oh, Cindy. You can be sure that I will!"

Then Oscar said, “Hey, how about a group photo, Cindy? Would that be alright? Can we do a tittle... I'm-I'm sorry... a little selfie with you and the guys?”

I was beyond flattered. All these cute athletes, and they wanted a picture with me? With little-old me? Wow. Justin would have no choice but to go out with me after this. He would be the envy of all his friends.

“Sure,” I said. “It would be my honor! Gather around.”

They all surrounded me. Then I suggested, “I know. How about you guys kind of pick me up sideways. You know? Just in front of all of you?”

My suggestion was met with great enthusiasm. It was like these guys had never taken their picture with a girl before! But here we were. I guess I was really something special!

So yeah. About four of the guys picked me up horizontally. I crossed my ankles and propped my head up on my hand. I must have looked like one of those movie stars from the 1930s. A beautiful girl surrounded by handsome, adoring men. I was having the time of my life! How could things possibly get any better???

Then Oscar kind of kneeled down in front of me. He held out his camera.

“Oops. Let me put it in selfie-mode,” he said. Then he tapped the button to flip the lens.

Oscar called out, “Okay everyone, look into the screen and smile!”

I smiled wide, put on my sexiest pose, and looked into the screen for the selfie.

HOLY FUCK!!!

Click.