Harry started out the day feeling subdued, but Severus brought him to a patisserie on Brompton Road, and after a pot of tea and an assortment of cakes, the day seemed much brighter.

"What's on for today?"

"Dinner, primarily. In the meantime, I thought we might shop down the road. That is what your sort does when they come into money, isn't it? Buy absurd things that they don't need at Harrod's?"

Harry grinned. "Absolutely. It's probably a law, like taxes." He sent Severus a severe look. "No clothes, though."

"Oh, I don't think they'll allow you in without them."

Harry laughed. "I mean I won't buy clothes."

"You plan to steal them? Doesn't that negate the purpose of bleeding off excess money?"

It was the deadpan delivery -- just ever so slightly puzzled -- that made it so hilarious, Harry thought, as he tried not to be too loud. "I don't want more clothes."

"Not even ones that I proclaim to be sexy?"

"'M not a doll." He didn't have to fake sullen for that, but Severus just rolled his eyes.

"Clearly not, as I have never played with dolls. It remains that your clothing is all hideous."

"No."

"One suit."

Harry let out an incredulous puff of air. "And what would I do with a suit?"

Severus raised an eyebrow. "Go out for dinner?"

In the store, Severus was taken for Harry's father, an impression he accepted with equanimity until the first time Harry called him Dad, at which point he turned an interested shade of puce, but responded evenly. Harry found the experiment entertaining enough to repeat a few times, but he gave it up when Severus started to leer in response. That was just disturbing.

Harry tried on two suits, but managed to talk Severus into accepting dress trousers and a blazer instead. He thought he might as well get something he could possibly use a second time. For what was honestly his first ever non-school tie, he picked a rather loud geometric number. After the clothing ordeal was over, they went upstairs and looked at more interesting things, but mostly didn't buy them, because it seemed foolish to buy furniture when they didn't live in a house, or a croquet set when they had no garden. Harry's heart soared while he casually patted a stuffed lion, but he never would have admitted it. They did buy a Mah Jong set, although neither of them had ever heard of the game, because it was too beautiful to resist. Harry was enchanted by the click of the smooth tiles, and Severus by the mysterious foreign symbols.

On the ground floor, they found themselves looking at food, and Harry bought two large boxes of expensive chocolates, and, after Severus bought a bottle of wine that cost nearly a hundred pounds, some marzipan. After that, they continued on their way, not too laden, but stopping in other stores for more wine, cigars, and once, bizarre pens. After dropping off that set of purchases at the hotel, they went into Soho, where Harry bought a pair of boots that rivaled his Quidditch gear for sheer attitude. Severus was not mistaken for Harry's father at that store, and people watched with attitudes ranging from horror to amusement as he critiqued Harry's choices of things to try.

A young sales clerk, his pierced lip at odds with his almost maternal concern, caught him in the dressing room. "You all right with him?" he whispered, pointing towards the storefront with the spikes of his blue hair.

"What?" While the word was leaving his mouth, Harry caught the gist of the query. "Um, yeah. Fine."

"If you need help -- a place to stay, or anything -- I know a reasonable shelter. They won't mind you're gay, or anything."

Harry covered his mouth to block a laugh. "Um, no, really. He's not supporting me. I have a place to live." He sobered at the thought that he might not be so lucky. "Not with family, but a good place." He nodded at the door. "And I have fun with him."

With a wink, the clerk relaxed. "Brilliant, then. I think you should try the orange ones with the starburst brass toecaps -- he should nearly explode."

The restaurant looked much like Harry's idea of a gentleman's club: dark wood paneling, chairs and benches upholstered in worn red velvet, and stuffed birds and stag's heads everywhere. He found the latter disturbing. When Severus caught the motion of his eyes, he smirked.

"Do the trophies disturb you?

"It is my patronus."

"Ah." Severus, Harry decided, really didn't know the significance of that. He didn't look sufficiently torn. "I'd forgotten. I'd expect a lion, or something with wings."

Deciding that he had been complimented, Harry smiled. "Well, stags are protective, you know."

"Hm. Well, if you don't want venison, I'm afraid you've eliminated half the menu. Though if you're willing to eat roe deer, that opens it up a bit."

Water was poured into crystal glasses and Severus ordered a carafe of wine. The waiter spent some time examining Harry's patently false student identification, but the Confundus charm held, and he eventually nodded. When it came, Severus raised his glass against Harry's.

"To subterfuge."

Harry smiled broadly. "Subterfuge, yes. And all the fun that can come from it."

"Ah -- and to money."

Harry rolled his eyes. Money was far more Snape's thing than his. "If you insist."

They drank.

"So. I have an idea."

"Hm. Is it depraved?"

"Of course." Severus looked sidelong at him. "But technically not dishonest."

"Go on, then."

"It is public knowledge -- among our own -- that we have learned to cooperate. I am planning to inform Dumbledore that I am willing to tutor you intensively in combat skills until the start of term."

"And will you?"

A thin, hard smile was his first response. "Yes. And you should not expect allowances for your excellent abilities in other arenas."

Harry considered that. He did need to become a better combatant, if he were to even get a chance at Voldemort. "All right. Where does the depravity come in?"

"Combat exercises can be very ... exciting. I expect we will need a break, now and then."

"But if we're behind a locked door...."

"He is likely to assume that any protections placed upon our space are just to keep innocent passers by from harm."

Harry grinned. "Excellent."

After dinner, they returned to the hotel, had sleepy, luxurious sex, and fell asleep. When Harry awoke, it was still pitch dark and a sense of alarm had propelled him into peak efficiency. In response to a dim glow of wandlight, he grabbed at the arm beneath it and slammed it back, throwing his weight behind it. He found himself on top of Severus, who sounded exasperated when he sighed. "Impressive, Potter," he said, not at all as if it was.

"Something woke me."

"That would be me."

"Oh." Harry blinked. Now that there apparently wasn't a crisis, sleepiness was catching up with him. "Just want a fuck, then?"

"No." Even flat on his back, in near darkness Severus could project contempt. "Now that you have slept off the meal and the wine, I want a gargoyle egg."

"Meaning I fetch it," Harry grumbled, belatedly climbing off of him. "Is there some reason not to turn on the light?"

"Yes." Severus sat up. He handed Harry a small vial carved of smooth stone. "Drink this."

It was only as the potion, greasy and pine-flavored, was sliding down his throat, that Harry considered the trust he had developed in Severus. He hadn't even asked.

Before he could take that line of inquiry further, the world came into view. He could see the room: the bags that Severus had insisted that they pack before dinner, his new clothes strewn on the floor, the crystal-handled stamp that Severus had used as a butt-plug resting on the bedside table, the empty glasses on the bar, and the sedate seascape above the bureau. Through the window, he could see the distant tops of buildings, and an owl soaring past.

"Brilliant," he breathed.

"It works best after several hours in darkness or near-darkness," Severus explained. "I will blindfold you for the walk to the roof."

Being led, sightless, up the emergency stairs was frightening, but it was worth it for the sight of the city, clear as day, but tinted blue with shadow and bedecked with colored lights, which greeted him from the roof. Harry straddled his broom and accepted the disturbing feeling of the Obscuration charm, and Severus moved ahead of him, in quick, short Apparations, rooftop to rooftop until he could point out the nest.

"If they don't spot you," Severus said, "come back here. If they do, you'll want to go someplace they can't fly into. That bit on the top of St. Paul's has narrow enough spaces between the pillars; fly there and I'll Apparate to meet you."

They waited, the watch made bearable by warming charms, until first one, then the other, of the two gargoyles lifted off from the peaked stone.

"They'll be back soon," Severus said. "Move."

With a nod, Harry kicked off into the night.

He was at the nest in seconds. He put the egg, a smooth stone ovoid, as heavy as the granite that it resembled, in his pocket, and began to fill a bag with gravel. Every few seconds, he scanned the sky for the sight of the creatures returning. His bag was nearly full when he saw it -- a large shape become quickly larger. By the time he had pulled the bag closed, he could see the lines of outstretched arms. He left the roof in a dive.

The spire of St. Paul's might be safe itself, but it was a long flight with no cover, and towards the returning gargoyle. He cut down, instead, staying close to the buildings. He could dive fast, but when the gargoyle screamed, with a sound like screeching brakes, and began to descend, he knew he hadn't a chance in straight race. Instead, he cut through a narrow arch, a space too narrow for the great creature's wings, and it had to break off the dive and recover altitude in a long sweeping curve. Harry shot up to the pillars supporting the dome and went through the first arch. He had hoped to go all the way around, but some of the supports turned out to be solid, trapping him in a short arc of the total circumference. He hovered in the middle archway, ready to dart in either direction, while the gargoyle swooped back and forth, letting out blood-curdling screeches, before finally landing outside. Clinging to the stone edge with its hind feet, it reached in a long arm. It could not quite grab Harry, but with its wings folded, it would clearly fit through the gap.

Harry waited, drifting just slightly away from the clutching talons. With a grating growl, the gargoyle folded its wings and hoisted itself up in a heavy swinging motion that was much slower and less graceful than its flight. As soon as it was under the roof, it lunged, but Harry was already gone, shooting out the other side of the archway and up the dome.

"Here!" He shot behind the close pillars and handed the egg to Severus, who put it in an already open casket. The gargoyle had made it back out from the roof below and was rising, fortunately much more laboriously than it descended, with powerful flaps of its huge wings. Severus closed the casket, latched it, and touched it with his wand. Harry hoped that he didn't need to perform any elaborate spells.

With a crash, the gargoyle landed on the walkway, and lumbered up to reach for them. This time, Harry could clearly see the long talons of each finger, could hear them clack as they came together.

"Harry! Now!"

Severus seized him at the shoulder, and it was the familiar squeeze of Apparation, not stone talons, that took his breath. A moment later, he was lying on the hotel bed, laughing helplessly.

********** 

Back at Hogwarts, Severus followed through on his promise to make Harry study. Harry, for once, was a willing pupil; they worked on hexes to incapacitate, and ones to destroy, and ways to get past shields, and ways to make your own shields more effective. Severus had never seen him so focused on learning, and found his intensity in lessons almost alarming. After they completed a session, Severus would usually demand sexual favors, nominally in payment for the lesson, or in exchange for releasing Harry from a hex, but more importantly to ground both of them. He found himself wishing that he could slow down the turn of the year; Christmas passed, and June seemed far too soon to give up this sport. He refused to think of it in any other terms.

As the end of the holiday approached, he found himself searching for a fitting final lesson. It was while brewing the Shadowcloak philtre that the answer finally came to him. When the potion was filtered and decanted to age, he went searching for Harry. He found him in the library, working on a research essay with uninspired diligence.

"Put that away. We're going to practice."

"Here?" Harry winced, obviously realizing the stupidity of the thought. Severus folded his arms over his chest and fixed him with a scornful stare.

"If you think I have so little regard for the danger posed by Madam Pince as to duel in the library, you are an idiot. Of course not here!"

"But we usually meet later --" Harry was already stuffing books into his bag.

"True, but it is warm outside now, and that won't last long."

"We're going outside?"

Severus strode out into the corridor, Harry at his heels. "I can't very well have you practice on a broom indoors, can I?"

"Excellent!" Harry exclaimed.

Snape wasn't a balanced flyer himself, but he was not surprised that Harry, whose talent had been apparent his first time on a broom, had no trouble throwing hexes from one. He was also not surprised that Harry's defense against hexes from below was poor; most people found that trickier to adapt to. Harry insisted on trying moves again and again, and Severus finally called him down when he began to fear the boy would fall from sheer exhaustion. When Harry landed, he was sweating, despite the growing winter chill, and he tumbled gratefully and immediately off his broom. Severus regarded him critically.

"You should return to the school and warm up quickly, Mr. Potter."

"Have any suggestions?" Harry asked cheekily.

"A bath is standard, I believe."

Harry frowned. "All right." A trace of the mischief returned as they began the walk back to the castle. "I wonder if I can guess the password on the Prefects' Bathroom."

"You could get into quite a bit of trouble, that way."

Harry shrugged. "Who'd catch me? None of the prefects return until tomorrow."

Under the cover of his cloak, Severus cast a quick Privacy charm.

"There is a bath in the dungeons," he said quietly.

"Oh?

"Turn right at the bottom of the main stairs, and look for a painting of a lightning storm splitting a tree. The password is 'chimera.'"

Just as he finished speaking, the sky began to spit hard drops of sleet. They increased their pace. A small brown owl dropped out of the biting sky and swooped in front of him to perch on the front of Harry's Firebolt. It had a roll of parchment tied to one foot, and once he had taken that, it sidestepped down the broom handle until it was right by Harry's hand, partially sheltered by his body.

"Fan mail?" Severus asked bitingly.

Harry stuffed the scroll into his bag without looking at it. "Let's get inside!"

********** 

Inside the doors, by silent agreement, they parted. Snape headed down the corridor with a purposeful stride, and Harry, after a quick check for witnesses showed no one, went down the main staircase to the dungeons.

He found the painting easily enough. The bath was not as decadent as the Prefects' bath, but it was roomy enough for three or four adults, and had a good dozen taps. Harry started fresh hot water pouring into it, and climbed in as soon as he had his clothes off. His robes were soaked through and his skin frozen, and the water felt scalding on his legs and feet, even though he had tested it on his wrist. He was just starting to feel better, and had begun to add some spicy-scented bubbles, when the door opened. Severus entered, leered at him, and hit him with a Stinging hex.

"Aaa!" Harry stumbled from the water, slipping on the floor as he lunged for his robes and his wand to counteract the spell. "What the hell was that for, you bastard?"

"For not having your wand to hand, Potter. The one you use to defend yourself, that is."

"But --" Harry bit off his protest. Obviously, if an enemy had entered, he would have been in serious trouble. "Point taken," he admitted. He was starting to shake from renewed chill. Severus looked up from firing off a spell at the second sink and shooed him back at the bath.

"Get back in the water before you freeze, Potter. I have no interest in carrying you up to Pomfrey to be treated for hypothermia."

"Come into the water and rub my arms, then."

"Arms?"

"Whatever."

Severus in the bath was strange, but good. Harry wasn't sure of penetration under water, and he certainly didn't want his mouth on anything covered in a film of scented soap, but everything was slippery, and when Severus pulled him to sit between his legs and began leisurely stroking his cock, it was dreamily good.

When his arousal heightened, countering the stupor of warm water, he turned and straddled his lover's legs and wrapped his hands around both their erections and took over the pulling. Severus concentrated on the kiss. His orgasm was as slow and floaty as all the rest of it, and he collapsed, boneless, against Severus, who leaned back, sliding more of them under the water.

"You know," Severus whispered, "that may be the mildest sex we've ever had."

"Yeah." Harry chuckled. "Very clean."

With a snort, Severus bumped him upward at the hips, causing waves that came nearly to Harry's mouth. "Prat. Come to my room and we'll get dirty. Very dirty."

They had just entered the bedroom, and Harry was putting down his school bag, when Severus looked down at the parchment poking out of it.

"What was that letter?"

"Oh! I never looked." Settling himself on the edge of the bed, Harry pulled the letter out. Severus crawled up behind him to read over his shoulder.

Dear Harry,
Thank you for writing. I am very grateful, both for your
letter and your forgiveness.

Ron is speaking to me now, and I expect he will to you,
when he returns, if you don't make it difficult. I think
he was most angry at you for being right. It is
difficult to surrender the cherished illusion that you
can trust your family -- note how I was taken in by Percy.
I may not be Moody, but my profession requires substantial
paranoia, yet still, I was taken in. I wanted to
believe that I could trust my brother, and I have paid for
that -- not enough, I think, but I have realized that
killing myself would really just add to the problem. I
made everyone miserable a second time, rather than
actually trying to fix anything. It's terribly easy to say
that there's nothing to be done and just give up. I can't
raise the dead, after all. But it remains that there are
other things to be done.

At any rate, I hope all is well with you. Please feel
free to call on me at any time.

Your obedient servant, (Really! And don't make faces.)

Bill Weasley

"How charming," Severus said dryly, not at all as if he were charmed.

"Well, I'm glad he wrote," Harry retorted. He felt a bit guilty when he realized that it had been days since he had last wondered how Bill was doing. Thoughtfully, he rolled up the letter and squeezed it into his bag. "So that's one problem settled. What are we going to do?"

"About what?"

Harry waved a hand, indicating the familiar mess of the bed and the surfaces within reach of it. "Term."

"Tired of detentions, are you?"

Harry shrugged. "Hermione scolds me. And Professor McGonagall may start to wonder if I could actually be that bad, even by your standards."

"Perhaps." Severus reached into the drawer of the bedside table. Absently, he lit two cigarettes and offered Harry one. "Do you have a better idea?"

"Well, the training. We could extend the arrangement, officially."

"And then people -- at least the headmaster and Professor McGonagall and your friends -- would know that you were meeting with me ... twice a week, perhaps?"

"That would work." Harry thought that he might need a few detentions to supplement that schedule, but it was a good base. He lay back on the bed and wondered if it was fireproofed. Curiously, he flicked ash onto the coverlet. It burned out without singeing.

"If it became more widely known, certain people might wonder at my inability to take you from the school."

"Well, if Dumbledore knows I'm with you, you'd have a hard time with it, right?"

"Yes. Their reaction is still a risk, but a tolerable one." Severus hesitated. "What I am actually doing is far more of a risk."

"May I stay with you, tonight?"

Severus raised his head, all unease vanishing behind a practiced leer. "As long as you don't plan to sleep."

The next evening, Harry went to the top of the North Tower and watched nervously for the return of the other students. Despite his worry, he was stifling occasional yawns. When the Hogwarts Express finally appeared, he went back down inside to warm up by the fire. It wouldn't do to look like he had been waiting.

He was rereading the same Transfiguration page for the third time when the portrait hole opened and students began to climb in, one after another. Hermione let out a little squeal as she ran over to him, and Harry stood up into an unexpected hug.

"We missed you so much, Harry! Everyone sends their love, and Bill is home now. I hope you weren't too horribly bored."

At the "we," Harry looked uncertainly past her, but Ron was smiling, albeit nervously, at Hermione's words.

"Yeah -- not like you to be studying alone, mate."

Harry knew there was a stupidly wide smile spreading across his face, but he couldn't seem to help it. "You know what they say -- boredom is a dangerous thing."