Fall turns to winter more quickly than either of them expect. Luckily the freezer in the boiler room is stocked with meat and the shelves are lined with most of the remaining items from the stores in town. The solar panels work well and there are still a few drums of diesel left for the generator. Simon's getting used to the blisters from chopping wood and his calloused hands, complete with scars and locked knuckle joint, are no longer a thing he thinks about -- except when his bones ache during too much sex play.
"Told you we should've gone to Hartford," says Jayne ruefully as he comes in from outside, slamming the door behind him and brushing a dusting of snow from his shoulders. "There ain't much left in town that's of any use to us."

"It's snowing?" says Simon, touching the flakes in wonder. He's been skiing plenty of times at the Sekhmet ice center just outside Capital City, but that was just an artificial coating of white that was cold and damp that could never be described as magical. He's in love with the natural weather environment on this planetoid.

"You seen it before," says Jayne, shucking off his wet jacket and hanging it over a chair in front of the range.

"I've seen it, yes…" He's visited a lot of places since he's been a part of Mal Reynolds' crew--cold ones, arid ones, waterlogged ones--but there's usually been danger attached and a plan to steal something going horribly wrong. He's never had time to sit back and enjoy the seasons.

"But it's not been your snow, eh?" Jayne smiles and Simon feels a little stupid and, at the same time, somewhat gratified that the man is beginning to know him so well.

Gainsborough is theirs, Love Knot Farm is theirs and Simon likes it this way. Standing looking out of the window with Jayne pressed up close against his back, those big arms encircling him, he watches the flakes fall in light flurries from the sky and has never felt as safe and content as he does now.

*

Five days later, when the storm hits them full on, Simon's feelings alter dramatically.

"Never felt winds like it. Nor seen snow that thick neither," says Jayne, throwing his shovel down and stamping his boots clean.

Simon pours coffee from the percolator and adds a couple of spoonfuls of sugar and a splash of brandy to the mugs. They've both been working hard to try and keep the farmhouse in one piece, but Jayne has been especially determined not to let them become buried alive. The temperature outside is well below freezing during the day and far worse when darkness falls. Some nights they've had to sleep in the kitchen to make use of the warmth from the range and ensure that it's kept stoked. They huddle up like animals under a weight of blankets and it's a comfort to feel that cock pushing into him because only then can Simon forget what's happening outside. Jayne is his panacea.

Just as they think the worst is over, a new weather system lashes in across the mountains--this one 'the owner of a fine pair of balls,' as Jayne puts it--hitting them with a vengeance. Tornado force winds batter the area, bringing down a tree, a branch of which smashes through the windows of the living room.

"You board up from inside," says Jayne. "I'll go check for any other damage then see to mending the shutters and the frame."

"Let the storm blow itself out first," insists Simon when the snow-coated mercenary returns with tools, nails and a stack of wooden planks.

"We don't know how long it's going to last or how much colder it'll get." Jayne brushes the crusted ice off his beard. "If'n all the heat in the house escapes through a gorram hole in the wall then we're humped."

Simon has to agree. He also knows that Jayne's better at carpentry than he is and has the physique to withstand this weather.

"Be careful," he says. "No thrilling heroics."

"You're the crazy one does all that kind of gou shi." Jayne grazes his lips over Simon's. "Since we got here anyways."

"Not anymore." Simon shakes his head. "From now on we'll both be as boring as hell."

"Sounds good to me." Jayne grins then pulls the hood over his head and fastens the jacket zipper until there's nothing visible but his nose and a hint of beard. "See you later, Doc."

Simon has to use all his body weight to close the door behind Jayne. Wrapping up warmly, he carries the wood and tools through to the living room, which has become a howling maelstrom of wind and snow, and, after sawing up the branch, he hauls logs clear of the broken glass then turns his attentions to the smashed window. Boarding it up should be a two person job under these circumstances and it takes him a while to find a successful method of holding the planks in place. In the end, he resorts to using his hip as a brace and with his backside growing colder and colder as the icy wetness hits it sideways on, he finally manages to hammer in the nails and secure one of the windows. God alone knows how long it's taken him to get this far. God alone knows where Jayne is. He hasn't seen a glimpse of the man anywhere, the faint sound of a chainsaw the only evidence that he's still labouring away outside.

Simon's about to start work on the second window when an icebound figure looms in at him from the blizzard, a peek of bluish grey skin visible beneath the overhang of the hood telling Simon that Jayne's way too cold. "You have to come inside now," he yells, trying to make his voice heard over the howl of the wind.

Jayne shakes his head, as stubborn as ever, and begins to refit one of the shutters back onto its hinges. "Ain't got much more to do," he replies. "Just gotta nail these up tight and then fetch some more firewood." A minute later Jayne's done with the shutters and the room is swathed in darkness.

"Damn that man," Simon mutters.

After boarding up the second window he collects the broken glass and places it carefully in a crate, but as soon as the living room is cleared of debris, worry takes over and he paces relentlessly across the kitchen floor, staring at the clock. The minutes tick painfully by and, becoming ever more concerned, he opens the back door, peering out at the smothering whiteout of snow. "Jayne?"

The light is diminishing rapidly. When night falls the temperature will slip to dangerous levels and Simon knows that if either of them are outside when that happens then the chances are they won't make it back. Putting sweater and jacket back on, he pulls on a pair of gloves then takes a flashlight from the windowsill. The door swings wildly on its hinges powered by a terrifying gust of wind which knocks Simon to the floor. Some rescuer he's turning out to be, coming a cropper at the first hurdle.

Two strides into the yard, Simon looks around him in panic. This comfortable new world of his is completely unrecognisable, the blizzard so thick that even this close up he can barely make out the dark shape of the house.

"Jayne, where are you?"

Moving the beam of the flashlight in a slow arc, he takes another couple of steps forward in what he hopes is the direction of the wood store.

"Jayne!" he calls. "Where the fuck are you, you gorram, ignorant guo cao de hundan?"

"'M here," comes a voice. "Quit wasting energy with all that cussing and help me haul this wood back to the house. My fingers are too gorram froze to feel a thing."

Simon's never felt such relief in his life and has to rest his gloved hands on Jayne's shoulders just to prove to himself that this is no mirage.

"Get your butt into gear, Doc," snaps Jayne and Simon knows things are serious when there's no 'pretty' attached to the word, 'butt.'

Taking one handle of the large container, he helps Jayne heave it across the snow, using his flashlight to try and pick out the shape of the farmhouse amidst the dense flurry of flakes. Making slow but steady progress they eventually reach home and, once inside, Jayne drags the loaded bucket over the threshold then stumbles over to the range and huddles down in front of it.

Simon secures the bolts and takes off his outer layer of clothing then focuses on Jayne, who's become a shivering heap, crumpled on the floor.

"Come on," he says. "You need to get out of those wet things."

When Jayne ignores him, Simon forces the big man over into his back and with a pile of bedding at the ready, begins to undress him. "The problem with you is that you never listen to advice. I told you it was too cold out there."

"Had to get…" Jayne's words dissolve into a spasm of shivers as Simon divests him of his shirt and pants and wraps him up in a warm blanket. "Had to get the genny fueled up and-"

"You had to do nothing, Jayne, you just wanted to be a martyr." Simon checks Jayne's hands and feet for signs of frostbite of which, thankfully, there are none. "Even after you promised me, you still chose to go play the invincible hero."

Jayne's eyes have the power to fluctuate rapidly between winter and summer. Right now they're soft and forlorn. "Storm could last for weeks," he mutters.

"And it might be over in a matter of hours -- you don't know." Simon gets to his feet. "I'll fetch some clothes." He doesn't see the point of any further talk. It's only winding him up as tightly as a spring from an antique clock -- the kind his father used to collect as an investment.

The upstairs of the house is so cold that there are icicles hanging off the inside of the windowsill in their bedroom. Quickly changing into some dry pants, he grabs sweats and socks from the drawers then races back down to the warmth of the kitchen.

When he returns Jayne is sitting in one of the chairs wrapped in a couple of blankets with this hangdog expression on his face. "I just wanted to get things done while I was out there," he says. "Didn't reckon on it taking so long."

"It would've taken far less time with two of us sharing the workload." Simon hands Jayne the pile of clothes and sets about making some tea, trying to ignore the alarming gusts of wind which are battering the building ruthlessly.

"Thanks." Jayne unfurls the blanket like wings. "And you're right," he adds as he slowly, painfully stretches out his limbs and begins to get dressed. "I'm good at being a dumb ol' sumbitch."

Normally the sight of Jayne naked has Simon springing to full erection in a matter of seconds, but today he's far too worked up to even think about sex. "We'll have to sleep down here again tonight," he says. "The temperature's dropping like a stone. The upstairs is a gorram meat locker."

After stoking the fire into a roaring furnace, he then shifts the table to the left and drags the mattress over from where it's been propped against the wall. Sleeping on the floor probably isn't the best idea with all these drafts, but the wood-burner is the one thing that's keeping them on the right side of hypothermia. Draping a comforter over the bare ticking, he then pours two mugs of tea and then shakes Jayne out of the semi-doze he's fallen into. "Drink up and then bed," he says, sounding more like a parent than a lover.

Jayne sips his tea, wincing as the hot liquid scalds his lips. "Don't fuss over me, gorramit."

He's putting on an act and trying to sound like himself, but Simon can tell how drained the man is feeling from that muted tone of voice. "Nothing else to do but sleep," he responds gently. "We're both exhausted and at least then we can turn the lights off and save power."

Jayne finishes his drink. "You're always so rutting logical."

"And persuasive I hope." Simon collects blankets, pillows and a second comforter from the pile in the corner and makes up their temporary bed. "Do you need help getting to the bathroom?"

"I'm cold, not crippled," Jayne retorts, but still the mercenary stares dubiously at the door that leads through to the icy hallway. "I'll be okay for now," he adds. "If'n I need to piss I can always do it in the sink."

Simon's about to debate the negative hygiene aspects of this when he spots a mischievous twinkle in Jayne's eyes. "Piss where you like," he says sunnily. "As long as it's not on my side of the bed."

"I swear you're no rutting fun anymore," grumbles Jayne as he flops down onto the mattress, pulling the many layers of covers over him.

"Not such an easy mark as I once was, eh?" Simon smiles as he tidies the kitchen, relieved that Jayne's feeling restored enough to be in the mood for some teasing.

"Like I said, no rutting fun." Jayne's voice diminishes to a low, sleepy rumble.

Pulling on a thick-knit sweater and a jacket Simon ventures into the colder parts of the farmhouse, turning out lights and automatically checking that the doors are locked. After ensuring that everything is secured for the night, he goes up to the bathroom, using the toilet then washing as quickly as he can manage.

It's a relief to abandon the freezing second floor and return to the relative comfort of the kitchen. Leaving one safety lamp burning Simon toes off his shoes then slides into bed, trying not to disturb Jayne as he pulls the quilt tightly around them both.

*

They wake to a world that's whiter and colder than ever. The storm force winds have lessened, but flakes still tumble from the iron sky, clumps of snow falling thick and silent, adhering themselves to everything they touch.

Leaving Jayne to sleep in, Simon hurriedly swaps sweats for army pants and outdoor gear then opens the back door rather tentatively. A wall of snow, four feet high, is blocking his way and, taking the shovel that's leaning against the dresser, Simon puts on his boots and then begins to dig a path through the drift. Once the snow around both entrances is cleared, he returns to the kitchen to find Jayne stoking the range with a blanket wrapped tightly around him.

"So gorram cold," he shivers. "Wish the rutting heating was working better."

Simon touches the radiant pipes which are supposed to diffuse warmth throughout the house and discovers that they're far from hot. The system is so old and inefficient that it hardly raises the temperature more than a couple of degrees. "After breakfast I'll run a bath," he says. "That'll help warm you up."

The only answer Jayne gives is a loud sneeze.

"Sounds like you may have caught a cold," says Simon, placing a hand on Jayne's forehead. "You shouldn't have stayed out for so long yesterday."

"I ain't never sick," growls Jayne then he sneezes twice more in quick succession. "And don't start preaching at me again."

After twenty four hours have passed, the thermometer tells Simon that Jayne's cold is settling in as heavily as the snow outside. The mercenary tries to fight it for a while, but by evening time he's laid up in their makeshift bed with blankets wrapped around him and a fine sheen of sweat dusting his forehead. Simon feeds Jayne aspirin and listens to his chest with a stethoscope, hoping to god that infection won't set in. The last of the antibiotics were used up a month ago when he got injured on some buried razor wire while out hunting.

Crawling under the covers, Simon's lips hover over burning hot skin and he breathes in that sweet, rank smell of illness.

"You best stay away from me." Jayne's voice grates like rusted metal.

Simon kisses him on the mouth and it tastes of iron. "Can't ever do that," he says helplessly.

*

As Jayne gets sicker, Simon's fear grows at an exponential rate. Once upon a time he'd thought that being scared was having to wear a spacesuit and hang like a monkey off the outside of Serenity. It was seeing River in her full glory as an Alliance weapon, or being chased through an endless labyrinth of tunnels by a pack of snarling Reavers. It turns out, however, that true terror is the thought of being left alone here without Jayne.

"This should make your throat feel better," he says, propping the mercenary up against him and spooning home-made linctus into his half-open mouth. The cup spills onto the floor as Jayne is racked by another paroxysm of coughing. Simon holds a wad of tissue in front of the man's mouth, refusing to acknowledge the streaks of dark red in the mucus. Throwing the handkerchief into the trash can, Simon cleans up the mess, washes his hands then makes another concoction consisting of powdered orange juice, crushed aspirin and honey.

"Has the snow stopped?" Jayne's voice is hoarse and weak from too much coughing. He lolls bonelessly on a stack of pillows the way he used to after sex, but this is a different kind of exhaustion -- a deep-seated listlessness that's a million miles from the Jayne Cobb that Simon knows.

"No. It's still falling, but not quite as heavy as before." Simon dilutes the syrup with warm water and squats down next to his patient, cup in hand. "Drink as much of this as you can. You need to keep hydrated."

"If I hydrate too much then I'll have to go pee and I ain't fond of that."

Simon tries to dredge up a smile. "Stop arguing and just drink it." Natural remedies are all he has left. He's becoming more of a shaman than a physician. Soon he'll be asking the ghosts of his ancestors for help -- not such a bad idea seeing as his maternal grandfather was renowned in the field of medical research.

Jayne restrains another coughing fit long enough to swallow the liquid. "Rutting foul stuff," he grimaces, wiping his mouth in disgust.

"You're a difficult patient."

"Ain't used to being sick."

Simon rests a hand on Jayne's brow which is clammy from fever, noting, with more than a little worry, the bluish tinge to Jayne's skin. "Go back to sleep and let the aspirin do their work."

"'M feeling better already," lies Jayne.

*

Pneumonia is common. The majority of patients, even the young and elderly, recover successfully so a big, fit soldier should have no trouble fighting it off. However once the thermometer closes in on the hundred and three mark, Simon knows that Jayne is in deep trouble. Pulling the blankets off the man, he undresses him and cools him off with strips of terrycloth soaked in melted snow. Jayne looks up at him with confused eyes and begs in a pain-racked voice, "No, Ma, don't. I hurt bad."

Simon ransacks every drawer, those wheezing pleas ringing inside his head. There's got to be an antibiotic somewhere in this farmhouse. If Jayne doesn't get some soon then he could likely die from this bout of illness. The hunt proves fruitless and Simon is left with a terrifying choice to make. He can kit up in cold weather gear and trek to Gainsborough where he might be lucky and find some penicillin, but that means leaving Jayne alone to fend for himself. The only alternative is to stay here and watch his patient, his lover get progressively worse.

The decision is such an impossible one to make that Simon feels sick to his stomach at the enormity of it. Putting things off for the moment he returns to the kitchen, keeping his footsteps as quiet as possible so as not to disturb Jayne.

The man is sleeping a little more peacefully now, but his breathing is laboured and his skin has even more of that cyanotic tinge to it which means he's not getting enough oxygen into his body. Simon's mind is made up. Tomorrow at first light he'll brave the wintry conditions and fight his way to town in order to pillage whatever meds he can find.

Too nauseous to want to eat, he thinks of the journey that lies ahead of him and does the sensible thing, opening a large can of chicken noodle soup then pouring it into a pan and placing it on the burner. While he's waiting for it to heat he lifts the telegraph machine onto the table and takes a quick look at its broken components and eroded circuitry. He understands Jayne's fears now. They can't stay on this rock forever. This is far from the idyll he once imagined it to be.