Iruka was NEVER leaving his room again.

EVER.

And if he ever saw green spandex again, he was going to find out for real how fast a castrated ninja could move!

He was SICK of anytime that Gai saw him gaining new broken ribs. Gai not only insisted on hugging Iruka, but he seemed to think that because Hatake—Kakashi and Iruka were ‘dating’ that Iruka was now worthy enough to be dragged along on whatever new obscene challenges that Gai cooked up.

Iruka’s body never hated him more after the first challenge, and then discovered that it WAS possible hate more deeply than an angsty teen during the second challenge. He didn’t make completely through it before Hatak—Kakashi caught him and dragged him to a hospital. Gai had followed them, apologising dramatically and loudly praising Iruka’s Youthful Determination and Strength.

Gai managed to possibly redeem himself when he kept smuggling in ramen so Iruka didn’t have to eat the hospital food and gave Iruka a massage, but that was short-lived. Gai then had dashed any good graces he might have earned by giving Iruka relationship advice and warning the chunin what would happen if he broke Hata—Kakashi’s heart.

As far as Iruka was concerned, the Copy Ninja didn’t have a heart, so it was a moot point.

The only good that had come out of this whole fiasco with Hata—Kakashi was the meal with the Akimich food (the food had been a quarter point shy of being utterly and divinely orgasmic). He was still being stalked by obsessive Kunoichis—who, for the record, had each bribed his class on different days to recite lists of the benefits of marrying her and the cons of even thinking about the opposition, much to the delight of his class (who also liked the recent rash of no homework). He still couldn’t get his bank account to match up. He was being harangued by everyone in the village—whether it was because they thought he was in a relationship with another man (‘think of the children!’ tended to be the cry on that one) or because he hadn’t gotten together with one of Those Kunoichis (‘oh, he’s just needs more time to make up his mind’ was the comment usually made and whenever someone brought up the fact of his supposed-dating with Hatak—Kakashi, it usually was followed by an sermon about the evils of homosexual relationships). No-one listened when he said he wasn’t gay and wasn’t looking.

And then there were the questions from his students. He didn’t even want to know where Udon had learned the word fellatio, much less how to say it properly.

WHY did the gods hate him so much?!

He sighed and rinsed his bowl off. It wasn’t fair—

His scar twinged and he was throwing his chopsticks before he even fully knew what he was doing. He had three shurikens balanced on his knuckles by the time his brain had caught up with his body.

Hata—Kakashi looked mildly amused as he held up the chopsticks idly. “Good reflexes.” He slid in through the window completely.

“What do you want now?” Iruka asked tiredly. It had been yet another long day and he was worn-out enough that he couldn’t even work up the anger when Hata—Kakashi’s single eye slid over him a little more slowly then was needed. He already knew he looked sloppy with his half-hearted ponytail and old, threadbare flannel pants and vest that had massive amounts of holes and stains.

“Now, Sensei, why does everything with you have to be about me? I just wanted to see Konoha’s favourite teacher.”

“Bullshit.”

Hata—Kakashi smiled a brilliant smile. “Oh, your ninja skills are too much for me! However did you know that I needed something?”

Iruka was too exhausted to even take the bait. “Just tell me what you want and then go away.”

The jounin frowned slightly—at least, Iruka thought he was frowning. It was hard to tell with the mask.

He blinked and there was Hatake, right in his face. “Are you feeling okay, Sensei?” The backs of long pale fingers were suddenly pressed to his forehead and cheek. Something that might have been concern—if Hata—Kakashi actually felt anything—flickered across the single eye.

Iruka pulled back. “I’m tired and I want you to go away and you won’t, so no, I’m not feeling all that great.”

The Copy Ninja managed to project an aura of hurt. “I’m just worried about your wellbeing. What’s wrong with that?”

“Can you just tell me why you’re here?”

The pale man let his hand fall. “I have a mission. I’ll be gone for about a week and I need to have someone in to take care of my pets.” Iruka blinked and decided he was in an alternate universe because Ha—Kakashi sounded serious for once. “I’ve keyed my windows and doors to your chakra signature so you won’t have to disable any traps; just make sure you hold your hand to my door or window for about five seconds before you enter.” A cool hand was suddenly sliding something small and metallic into Iruka’s and scarred skin brushed tan skin. “There’s a key. I’ve left all the instructions on my desk in my house. I don’t care if you stop in once a day or just live there, but I really need someone in to take of them.” The lone eye suddenly curved cheerfully. “I’ll bet you can get away from those women and Gai if you stay there.”

Iruka opened his mouth, then shut it. He was still trying to process the fact that Kakashi actually cared about something—even if it wasn’t human. “Right.”

The arched eye seemed to get warmer. “I’ll be back soon and we can resume things then. Oh, and Sensei?” Ha—Kakashi was suddenly so close they were almost no air between them. “With you dressed like that, I’m going to have no troubles staying warm on this mission.” He murmured, mouth hovering over Iruka’s.

Apparently, Iruka wasn’t tired enough not to try and kill perverted idiots. The jounin was gone, but not before the three shurikens gave him an impromptu haircut.

Iruka glared balefully the bits of metal now imbedded in his wall and window frame. He shuffled over and yanked them out of the wood, letting the strands of silvery hair drift down. Muttering unflattering things under his breath, he grabbed the chopsticks that Hata—Kakashi had left on the window sill and returned to doing his dishes.

He was putting the last cup away when he realised that he had a problem.

He didn’t know where Ha—Kakashi lived.
xXxXxXxXxXx
Iruka blinked slowly.

The dog stared at him.

He blinked again.

The dog yawned and scratched behind its ear.

“What the hell!”

The dog looked distinctly unimpressed.

“What are you doing here!”

Still looking uninterested in Iruka’s frustration, it put its head back down on its paws, clearly intending to go back to sleep.

Iruka growled slightly. He didn’t know how a dog got into his apartment, much less on to the foot of his bed, but he wasn’t going to stand for it.

The dog let out a surprised yelp when Iruka swiftly bundled it up in a thick blanket. “I am in no mood…for this crap!” He huffed as he heaved the dog off of his bed and down his hallway. “I’m having a…shitty…couple of months…and I’m…up to here…with crap in my life!” With that, he dumped the dog outside and slammed his door shut.

He glared sourly at his blanket. He’d have to wash it now to get rid of the dog hairs—

He let out a noise that sounded suspiciously like an enraged chicken that just had a feather pulled off of its butt.

The dog—now looking far more disgruntled than disinterested—looked at him crossly. It flopped down on the foot of Iruka’s bed, much like it had been before Iruka had rolled it so unceremoniously out of his door. Its attitude was one clearly of one of rebellion.

Iruka narrowed his eyes. He knew a challenge when he saw one.

That dog was going to be in for a long night if it thought it was going to outlast Iruka.