The Midnight Run
by Hooked6 

The Midnight Run – Part Ten 

As I made my way across the field towards the girl’s locker room I saw that the boy’s track camp was about to get under way. This might work out better than I thought.

Once I reached the locker room, I carefully opened the door and listened. I heard the sound of water running but no voices. I was as quiet as a mouse as I made my way inside. Sure enough, there was Abby under one of the gang showers soaping herself up. I had to admit she really DID have a killer body! I for the life of me couldn’t fathom why she’d be so shy about it. I’d kill for a body like that! I found myself checking out her boobs and her nipples which seemed to be calling attention to themselves by sticking straight out at me! Her pussy, like mine has been recently, was shaved. I’m not the least bit interested in girls mind you but Abby was a goddess! I looked around and spotted her clothes on a bench in front of her locker. I scooped them up and put them into her gym bag and then checked out her locker and removed the towel and other items that were inside. I then carefully closed the locker making sure it clicked. This was so much fun!!!!

I was about to leave when I thought I had better make sure there wasn’t anything else she could cover up with. I checked around and found a few stray towels that I also put into her gym bag. Satisfied with my effort I walked as boldly as I could next to the exit door but still in plain sight of Abby if she would have looked up from her washing.

“ABBBBBEEEEYYYYYYYY!” I shouted in a sickening voice. “Lookee, what I’VE got!”

A look of surprise followed by terror came over her face as she realized what I had done.

“Katie Lynn!”

“I’ve got your truck keys too!” I said dangling them in front of me. “If you want to leave here by driving instead of running home naked you had better catch me . . .”

I then bolted out the door laughing hysterically. I heard Abby shout “COME BACK HERE YOU LITTLE WITCH!” As the locker room door was closing, I heard Abby saying, “I’ll get you for this . . .”

I took off outside with Abby dripping wet and naked right behind me chasing me for all she was worth and closing fast! It was a good thing I had been getting in shape to make the track team because I barely somehow managed to stay a few steps ahead of her. I headed towards my favorite spot – the visitor’s bleachers. It wasn’t until we had made it almost halfway to the fence that she heard all the laughter coming from the field. I’m guessing that her blatant anger towards me blinded her judgment and she reacted out of instinct not thinking anyone would still be here. She just wanted to murder me and took off running. Now she was wet, naked and in the middle of the field being laughed at by a bunch of boys!!

“Would you look at that ass?” one boy shouted. Another said, “Yeah and those tits!! I’d love to suck on them for a while!!” They all were having a good laugh at her expense and her face turned redder and redder. I wasn’t sure if it was from embarrassment or anger, but I was loving every minute of it!!

She stopped, screamed, did her best ‘embarrassed-nude-female’ impression standing frozen as she looked at the field. She was about the same distance back to the locker room as it was to where I was. I surmised she stood there thinking about what to do and which way to go all the while the boys ogled her body which glistened in the sunshine because it was still wet. It was a good thing the boys’ coaches hadn’t taken the field yet or we both would have been in trouble.

She then looked over at me and pleaded, “GIVE ME MY BAG!! I need my clothes, a towel, ANYTHING!!!!”

“Abbbeyyyyyyy” I taunted her by dangling her keys, “Your truck is THIS way,” and I took off running towards the back parking lot.

She mumbled something that I couldn’t make out and started off after me in earnest. When we exited the field, I made my way toward the infamous pickup and stood by it waiting for her to get closer.

When she was about 20 yards from it, I clearly tossed the keys into the truck bed and started running keeping her clothes. “THIS TIME I WAS NICE TO YOU,” I shouted as I left at a slow jog. “NEXT TIME I WON’T BE SO GENEROUS!!”

Abby stopped just short of the truck and screamed, “YOU IDIOT! THAT’S NOT MY TRUCK!! THAT’S TINA’S TRUCK. MY VEHICLE IS PARKED IN FRONT OF THE SCHOOLYARD.”

Oh, how precious! Here she was stuck in the back of the school yard and her CAR was all the way out front! I COULD be nice, I thought, and drop her gym bag or leave her a towel or something. But, as I thought of Billy Thompson watching me having an orgasm right in front of his face, I decided against it.

“OOPS! MY BAD!” I shouted and took off running towards my alley with her gym bag still in hand. At least she still had her real keys! I was still laughing as I turned around and saw Abby making a mad dash for the ticket booth all the while shaking her fist at me. I couldn’t help but wonder how many people passed by that booth having no idea how many naked girls have hidden in that thing!!!

When I reached home, I was so pleased at what I had done that I failed to notice my mom’s car in the driveway.

“Hello Katie,” she said with a false charm.

“MOM, guess what? I made the track team!!” I said with excitement still not grasping how much trouble I was in.

“That’s nice dear,” she said coyly. “Now, care to explain all those autographs you have all over your body? And what was with that lipstick smeared all over your face I saw you with this morning?”

My heart began beating wildly and my mind raced ninety-to-nothing trying to think of a way out of this.

She came over and firmly put her hand on my shoulder and began guiding me into the front room. “I think you’d best sit down, young lady.”

“Yes ma’am,” I replied meekly still trying to think of something to say.

“So, what were you up to last night?” she asked looking me straight in the eye. Her voice was all maternal and filled with false patience. I really was in deep Doo-Doo this time.

“Um, well you may find this hard to believe,” I said with my voice quivering.

“Go on . . .”

“Well, as I said I made the track team at school, you should have seen me out there. My time trials were outstanding. I really can run! I wanted this so badly. You know I have no athletic talent to speak of. I can’t play softball or basketball and track was the only thing I was good at . . .”

“Get to the autographs, young lady,” my mom interrupted impatiently.

“Yes, well, after making the team we all have an initiation ceremony
Were all the other team members, you know . . .”

“No, I don’t know. Suppose you tell me.”

“Well, they all sign their names, you know, on each other’s arms and legs, sort of like a demonstration of team spirit, wishing us luck and all. It’s quite embarrassing.” I said absolutely sure she wasn’t buying any of this but it was all I could think of at the moment.

I sat in silence just looking at her waiting for the hammer to fall. She had that faraway look in her eyes and I knew that only meant trouble.

Finally, she laughed out loud.

“What’s so funny?” I asked nervously figuring she thought my story ridiculous.

“I was just remembering to my days back in college, we . . . oh never mind. I thought you were out drinking at some wild party and were doing all sorts of slutty things.”

“MOM!” I replied trying to sound indignant. “How could you think such things about me? I’m not that kind of girl!”

“Yes, well, one hears all sorts of strange things nowadays. Why just today I heard someone at the grocery store talking about a girl who was riding around town naked in the back of a pick-up truck!”

“And you NATURALLY assumed it was me?!! Mom, how could you?””

“No, not necessarily but I did catch you looking like a tramp this morning didn’t I?”

She had me there. I didn’t want to screw up how things were going so I decided to let it go instead of pushing my indignation too far. “Mom, I love that you care enough about me to worry. Thank you. I won’t disappoint you. I promise. I’m not that kind of girl. I have other interests – like the track team that occupy my time.”

My mom came over and kissed my forehead and left the room. After she had gone, I let out the biggest sigh! MAN was that ever close!!! I decided that I had better lay low until school was in session.

The following week school started and I was a nervous wreck. I was sure that either Abby or Billy Thompson had totally trashed my reputation. I was so jumpy every time I had to change classes. I was sure that behind every friendly smile was someone who had heard about my exploits and was mocking me. Still, I had made it through the day without a major incident. Fortunately, I never saw either Abby or Billy.

On Tuesday things went better, tough I did have to explain to Brooke why I had been standing her up. She seemed to understand and I promised that we would get together as soon as I felt my mom had let her guard down. I did get a rush though when I thought about Brooke standing at the track naked waiting for me. I missed those days!

At lunch I ran into Paula. “There’s a track team meeting at the gym after school.”

“Wow so soon,” I thought. It felt good to be part of something and I was looking forward to hearing what coach had to say.

When I reached the gym Abby, Paula and the others were all waiting outside on the bleachers. “Hi guys,” I said pleasantly. “Looks like we’re getting started with practice already, huh?”

The girls all had a weird look on their faces as if they were in on something and I was somehow left out of the loop. “What? We’re not starting practice?”

Abby was the first to break out in a grin. Crap! I thought to myself. She’s planned some sort of revenge for stranding her at school naked last week. I thought things had been going too smoothly. But then I looked around and the ENTIRE girls’ team was here not just her partners in crime. “Oh. we’re starting something alright but it’s not practice,” she explained coldly.

“I don’t get it. What are we starting and where’s coach? I thought this was a team meeting?”

“Coach, oh, he’s not coming. I’m sure someone can go and get him if you REALLY want him here.” She said sarcastically.

“Huh?”

“It’s time to start your initiation, bimbo, remember?”

I looked around at the other girls. Some were grinning ear to ear while others looked petrified. It was THOSE girls that made me nervous.

“You aren’t going to chicken out, are you?” Abby asked hopefully.

“Hell no,” I said trying to sound confident. “I’m a part of this team now and I intend on remaining that way. If you all had to do this initiation thing, then so can I. Bring it on,” I said. “Bring it on!”

On the inside I wanted to hide. No good can come of this I was certain of that!


The Midnight Run – Part Eleven

Abby took me by the arm, “Let’s get going, shall we?”

“Going,” I said quite confused? “Where . . . I mean, what is going to happen to me?” I started to get really nervous. I thought this initiation thing would be at the gym or something with just us girls. I had read about those sorority things where the pledges get paddled and made fun of so I just assumed . . .

Abby gave me that patented impatient look of hers and said, “Don’t worry about it. That information is on a need-to-know basis and right now you don’t need to know.” Her cohorts laughed at her comment as we all headed toward the parking lot. My legs felt weak when I saw that stupid pick-up truck of Tina’s. I instantly recalled the horrors of being driven around town tied naked in the truck bed. Abby opened the passenger door and motioned for me to take a seat. Abby climbed in the middle and Tina drove. The other girls all piled into their cars and we all left the school grounds.

The silence was maddening. No one was talking and we didn’t seem to be heading anyplace in particular. Finally, I spoke up, “Listen, Abby, I really need to know what’s going on. I have to let my mom know how long I’ll be out. She’ll be expecting me home when she gets off work. If I’m not there she’ll get worried; might even call the cops thinking something might have happened to me.”

“Oh, you don’t have to worry about that, it’s all taken care of. That stupid friend of yours, Brooke has been, shall we say, CONVINCED to call your mom and tell her you two are going to be studying late.”

“But . . .”

“All in good time sweet-cakes, all in good time,” Abby said with a giggle.

Tina kept driving aimlessly. I wasn’t sure if she didn’t know where she was supposed to go or if she was purposely trying to confuse me. Perhaps she was just allowing the other girls to catch up. Maybe she was trying to lose them!! Perhaps getting back at Abby by stealing her clothes wasn’t such a good idea after all. I nervously kept looking over my shoulder to be sure that they were still following us. To my relief, they were still there.

Finally, we headed into the mall parking lot. The rest of the team parked next to us and we all got out. The girls made a circle with me in the center. Abby began shouting like a cheerleader, “WHAT ARE WE?”

“A TEAM!” the girls shouted in unison.

“AND WHAT DO WE WANT?”

“TO WIN,” they answered again as if this was some kind of ritual or something with everyone playing their part.

“HOW BAD DO WE WANT IT?”

“MORE THAN ANYTHING!”

Then Abby looked at me and continued, “KATIE LYNN, WHAT DO YOU WANT?”

I looked at her dumbfounded not knowing what I was supposed to say. She sighed and repeated, “KATIE LYNN, WHAT DO YOU WANT?”

“Ah . . . to be on the team?” I answered almost in a question as I still wasn’t sure what I was supposed to say.

Abby shook her head and some of the girls sighed obviously disappointed with my lack of enthusiasm. “TO BE ON THE TEAM,” I shouted confidently.

“HOW BAD DO YOU WANT IT?” Abby yelled raising her arms above her head in an exaggerated motion.

“MORE THAN ANTHING,” I screamed copying her motion! All the girls applauded jumping up and down. They looked so stupid calling attention to themselves like that.

Abby patted me on the back warmly and continued, “Our sister has declared her intention of becoming part of the TEAM. Membership is something that is EARNED, not given lightly. Team members support each other and are bonded by a sacred trust. Katie Lynn will embark tonight on her journey to demonstrate that she is worthy of this trust. Failure to complete this journey will result in the sure and certain knowledge that she is not team worthy and is only a pretender. She will then be ostracized by the real team members for the duration of the school year.”

As I looked around as Abby was speaking, I saw the somber expressions on all the girls’ faces. They obviously were taking this thing way more seriously than I was. I began to feel a little guilty that up to that point I had not done the same. To me it was just some silly tradition that was all in fun. I began to rethink things a bit. It felt good to be a part of something larger than me - something with an “elite” feel to it.

“Katie Lynn, tonight is just the beginning. All will be explained in due course. First, we have to get you your initiation outfit which you will be required to wear during all official functions of your journey. Are you ready?”

“Um . . . yes, I think so.” I stammered nervously.

“ARE YOU READY?” she shouted again with vigor.

“YES, I AM!”

As we headed into the mall all I could think about was what kind of ridiculous outfit she was going to dress me in. Was she going to humiliate me by making me wear something hideous? As we passed by the Victoria’s Secret store, I began to imagine me having to wear terribly revealing clothes in very public places, then my heart stopped as I thought that maybe there WAS no outfit. My Gawd, she was going to make me streak the mall!! I KNEW I shouldn’t have come!! We walked along for quite a way then finally entered a small upscale women’s clothing store.

“Brooke, what are you doing here?” I asked as I saw my friend working behind the counter.

“This is my part time job. It’s how I get my spending money. It’s pretty boring during the week, even though the mall is pretty busy it’s pretty dead in the store. Weekends are pretty good though.”

“That’s cool,” I said, “I wish I had a job like . . .”

“Is everything prepared?” Abby asked interrupting my conversation.

Brooke now looking all serious said rather submissively, “Yes, just like you instructed.”

Abby took me by the hand and led me to the back of the store and into the dressing area which consisted of a large corridor with mirrors everywhere and four cubicles all in a row. The girls all gathered around in a semi-circle in front of me as we stood in the common area of the dressing room. “It’s time to get you prepared. The initiate will please remove her clothing.”

I took a deep breath and began by taking off my shoes, followed by my socks. The team all watched patiently. It was weird having them all just looking at me as I disrobed. I took off my T-shirt and finally my jeans leaving them all in a pile on the floor.

“Nice panties,” Abby said obviously mocking my teddy bear design. “Well, don’t stop now, you’re not done yet.”

I knew it! She was going to strip me, destroy my clothes and leave me stranded in the middle of the mall!! Despite my misgivings deep down I still wanted to believe in this sacred sisterhood she had gone on about so I took off my bra and then stepped out of my panties. My heart stopped as I saw Abby bending down to pick up my clothing. My eyes immediately went to Tina, the girl with the pocketknife that destroyed my outfit during my first encounter with her.

She didn’t move a muscle though. Instead, Abby respectfully folded my clothing and gave it to Paula to hold. I trusted Paula. She seemed like she was not part of Abby’s little clique.

I awkwardly stood there baring my flesh to my teammates as they made no secret of the fact that they were checking me out. It was embarrassing to say the least. I wondered what imperfections they noticed on my body and were making fun of, like my tiny tits or something, and I suddenly became very self-conscious. I had no idea what was going to happen next. Abby asked my size and after I told her she nodded to Brooke who had followed us into the dressing area. Brooke acknowledged Abby’s signal and left. When she returned, she was holding a garment in her hands.

Taking the garment from Brooke, Abby instructed, “Try this on.”

To my surprise it was a WONDERFUL dress! It was made of silky gold material which shimmered in the bright lights of the store. It slid over my skin slick as a whistle and felt so sinfully soft against my naked flesh below. It was so shinny and elegant – softer and slicker than the finest silk - like one would wear to a formal event like the opera or something. The dress was backless that plunged down to just about my butt with a halter style front that tied at the neck then hung loosely down to my feet. Abby reached up and fastened the ties around my neck for me and stood back obviously pleased with the way I looked.

I turned around looking at myself in the mirror and was quite surprised! I was covered completely, though my unrestrained little boobs with my prominent nipples did stick out through the thin material a bit too much I noticed as I walked around – a way more than I was comfortable with anyway, but all in all the garment made me look like a million dollars. I felt like a movie star. All I needed was that red carpet to promenade down.

“Wow,” I said excitedly, “THIS is my initiation outfit?”

“Well, not exactly there’s more,” Abby said as she held up a pair of matching gold, high-heeled shoes. She had me slide my bare feet into them and they fit perfectly, although the heels were much higher than I was used to, they completed the outfit handsomely.

As I stood there admiring myself Abby continued, “Katie Lynn your final initiation will be held on Saturday and you will be required to wear this dress. This is your last chance to back out. Are you ready to commit fully and embark on your journey?”

Seeing that I was going to be wearing this dress I saw no reason to back down now. “YES, I AM!” I shouted confidently getting into the spirit of things. I think I surprised the girls by yelling in the store because they all giggled.

“Tonight, we want you to get used to this dress and we have a little job for you to do to repay the store for their generosity in making this fine garment available for you to use.”

“A little job,” I asked confused?

“Yes,” Abby went on to explain. “Since you obviously look so elegant, the store would like you to model it in the store window until closing. This part of the initiation process will also allow us see how well you are committed to following directions to the letter in addition to helping us keep our good relations with the store.”

“I can do that.”

“All you have to do is stand perfectly still in the front store window, you know, like a real mannequin. You must not move or give yourself away. I’m sure you’ll attract a lot of customers to the store. This dress is a new item you know. It may be a bit uncomfortable standing there for so long, but I’m sure you can manage – being an athlete and all.”

I nodded. Standing perfectly still for three hours or more might be a bit rough but nothing I couldn’t handle.

Abby smiled. “IF, and I mean IF you successfully complete this little chore, each of your team mates has written down on a piece of paper a location where they would like to see you showing off this fine gown and placed it in this envelope. On Saturday you will pick a slip from the envelope and we will all read it together and then escort you to wherever that happens to be so you can fulfill your obligation. Do you understand?”

“I think so,” I replied. “I have to wear this dress one more time at a place I pick at random.”

“That’s right and you’ll complete your journey to becoming a full-fledged member of our team on Saturday night.” Abby added.

“Okay, sounds easy enough.” Who wouldn’t want to show off this beautiful gown? I thought to myself. It was all sounding too easy. I was sure there had to be a catch, but if the others all had to do this I could too. Besides what’s a few sore muscles from standing still for a couple of hours. It might even be good for me to practice a little self-discipline.

“GREAT,” Abby exclaimed obviously pleased with my answer. “Just follow me to the storefront window and I’ll give you your final instructions.”

I looked at Paula as I headed toward the exit of the dressing area. “Thanks for looking out for my clothes. I really appreciate it.” Paula just gave me an awkward smile but nodded her acknowledgment.

I had no sooner taken about half a dozen steps out into the store when the dress fell right off my shoulders and dropped quickly to the floor leaving me naked and exposed!! The silky nature of the fabric was such that there wasn’t time to even react or grab the garment to keep it from completely falling off! SWOOSH – in one fell swoop it was gone and onto the floor - it was THAT fast!

I squeaked in surprise trying to then stifle my voice as I realized I was only drawing attention to myself. The girls all laughed at my predicament as I immediately reached down to pull the dress back up.

“What the hell happened?” I snapped in a firm whisper.

“Oh, didn’t I tell you, Abby asked snidely? “You see the thin ties on that dress have been coated with special commercial grade fabric wax and if they are looped loosely together just right, they will hold for a while but then they eventually let go. The dress might stay up for an hour or maybe only a few minutes – one never knows!! That’s the beauty of it – the uncertainty of it all.” All the girls began giggling as they gave me their evil smiles.

“WHAT??!!”

“Aw, don’t be so alarmed. You might get lucky and nothing will happen; but then again maybe not. Nobody knows for sure.” Abby said still laughing as she re-fastened my ties around my neck.

“You mean I have to stand in that store window facing the mall knowing that at any moment my dress might fall off?”

“Why of course. Oh, and one more thing, you’re supposed to be a mannequin so if it does fall off, you can’t pick it up. You’ll just have to wait until one of us comes to help you. You can’t move remember?”

“Oh. My. GAWD!!!”

Abby took me by the hand and led me to the window.


The Midnight Run – Part Twelve 

As I stood outside the small ledge of the display window I began trembling like a leaf! THREE HOURS, I thought. I had to stand there for THREE HOURS! What were the chances that the dress would remain tied for that long?

“Don’t forget these,” Tina said as she reached into her purse and pulled out a pair of dark trendy looking sunglasses.

“Good point,” Abby said as she placed them on my face. “Without these everyone would see you blink or move your eyes. This way they won’t know for sure if you’re real or plastic. Now hold still.”

“What are you doing?” I asked nervously as the girls gathered around me.

“Picking you up, silly, mannequins can’t walk,” Tina said giggling. “Just make yourself stiff and let us do all the work.” Before I could react, I felt hands all over my arms, legs and hips. Somehow, they did indeed manage to lift me and place me on the platform. I was sure they were going to pull that dress right off of me the way they were tugging and lifting but they didn’t. Somehow it managed to stay on.

They placed me in the center of the window display towards the rear of the platform a good distance from the actual window glass itself. There was a real mannequin to my left and a real mannequin to my right up close to the front of the glass. All together we formed a triangle with me in the back of the display case. Abby put a long umbrella in my right hand so that my palm rested on the handle and then set the tip on the floor. “For balance,” she whispered. She then rested my left hand on a small waist-high pillar behind me. Her positioning served two purposes I thought. One to help hold me steady and two to effectively hold my arms away from my body so that I wouldn’t be tempted to stop the dress from falling off. She then turned my head so that I was looking straight out the glass window towards the passersby in the mall.

“Don’t fail us sweet-cakes,” Abby cautioned. “Remember no moving a muscle. If the dress falls you must leave it there until one of us acting as a store worker pulls it back up. If you move or try and stop the dress from falling, your initiation is over and you lose. Above all, remember no talking or making funny facial expressions. You are a mannequin.” With that she left the window area.

Holy crap, there were a lot of people milling about in the mall! The next thing I noticed was that there was a bright spotlight directly overhead. I could tell by moving my eyes toward the floor it had the effect of really making the silky gold color of my gown shimmer. It would certainly draw attention to the fabric! I could only imagine what it would do to my bare flesh!!

I dared not move a muscle, not so much because I wanted to be the perfect mannequin but I was afraid that ANY movement might cause my dress to fall! I tried to take shallow breaths for the same reason.

At first, people just passed by the window without looking in. When I finally spotted a lady glancing at me I almost freaked! She stopped walking and just stared, presumably checking out the dress I was wearing. The only thought that dominated my thinking was how I would react when I was suddenly exposed! I just KNEW it was going to happen as she was looking at me! I just KNEW it!

It didn’t. She eventually went on. This happened several more times where shoppers would pause and check out my dress, nothing would happen and they’d move on.

For the first half hour or so I was in continuous panic mode. Then a funny thing happened, I began to start thinking about how risky what I was doing actually was. The fear, the risk, the potential nudity . . . they were the perfect combination for arousal. Again, that battle within me started to rage, the little voices arguing over whether I was insane for doing this and those prodding me to relax and enjoy it. My hormones eventually began to win out. As time went by and nothing happened, I grew bored.

I played a little game with myself to help pass the time. As people would walk past the window, I’d silently shout to them in my mind, “HEY, DO YOU KNOW I’M NAKED UNDER THIS DRESS?” and things like, “DON’T WALK AWAY, YOU’LL MISS THE SHOW!” It was all quite amusing.

When I saw two teenage boys looking at me, I was about to resume my game and silently shout something funny at them when it happened! The dress slipped completely off my body clumping around my feet right before their eyes!! In a flash I was now standing completely naked in a crowded mall store window – people passing by in the background and two wide-eyed teenaged guys, right in front of me, taking it all in!! It took all I could do just to stand there without moving. I became instantly wet. The boys were too surprised to even move. I was sure they were wondering if I was real or not. Then one of them put his hand over his mouth and nudged his friend in the ribs. It was then that Abby stepped into the window and casually pulled my dress up, as if nothing was out of the ordinary. She also accidentally rubbed against the nipple of my right boob sending glorious pleasure up my spine. She re-fastened the ties, discreetly pinched my butt and left. The boys were still there gawking. I wasn’t sure if they were waiting to see if it happened again or if they were still wondering if I was real or not. I did my best to hold as stiff as I could. If they did suspect something and complained, well it wasn’t really my fault, was it? The dress fell off by accident. They eventually left however and nothing came of it.

A while later the dress slipped off once again! This time no one was at the window and people just milled around in the mall apparently not taking any notice. Abby deliberately ignored me and left the dress around my ankles. I was forced to stand naked desperately waiting for someone to cover me up. No one did!

The longer this went on, the more my heart pounded. I just knew I was going to get in trouble. Yet people just aimlessly wandered around the mall not paying any attention to the hopelessly horny, naked little girl in the window. Watching all those people pass me by made me so excited I could barely stand it. Still Abby did nothing. I heard giggling coming from back inside the store so I KNEW the girls were aware of what was happening, yet they did nothing to help me! They just let me suffer. If I moved to fix myself, I would not only screw up my initiation, but people would be suddenly aware that I was a REAL naked girl. No, I HAD to remain motionless just to keep up the pretext and the girls KNEW that!

Finally, an older man came by and did a double take as he saw me. He looked at me for a moment then went inside the store. I heard him behind me. He cleared his throat and said to someone inside the store, “Excuse me, did you know your mannequin thing out there lost its dress?”

Abby acted all professional and replied, “Oh dear not again. I swear you just can’t get good help these days. Nobody wants to do a job right. They’d rather just do it half-assed and go on break.”

The man cleared his throat again, “Yes, well, just thought I’d mention it. The dress looks expensive, didn’t think you’d want it ruined.”

Abby thanked him again and said she’d take care of it. I saw the man leave and head down the mall without so much as giving me a second look. I began to wonder if I really did look like a real mannequin.

I was sure Abby was going to come out and fix my dress after that man complained but she didn’t. She left me standing there! Several people walked by and noticed me and I almost climaxed right there in front of them! I really, really wanted to in the worst way but I would have just died if I did have an orgasm in front of all those people. They didn’t seem to take too much notice but “I” did!!

FINALLY, she came out when the coast was clear and pulled up my dress and refastened it. “Having fun sweetie?” she whispered as she reached around my neck to finish tying it. I wanted so bad to say something evil but I dared not open my mouth.

I stood there apprehensively waiting for the moment when it would fall again. As Abby had warned me earlier, the “not knowing” of when or IF the dress would fall was driving me mad!

I spotted several people I knew from school standing in the mall chatting away. I silently prayed that the dress would remain intact. I couldn’t think of a worse thing than having the dress fall exposing me to my classmates. Fortunately, they left and my modesty was still intact.

It was getting late and the mall crowd was thinning out when a man came to the window and looked at my dress. He seemed to genuinely be admiring the style and the gown’s elegance. I saw he had a bag from a well-known jewelry store in his hand. He must have been shopping for his wife or girlfriend. How thoughtful.

I saw him enter the store and I heard him talking, “I know it’s almost closing time but I’m interested in that dress in the window. Can you tell me on what rack I can find one?”

I heard Abby reply, “I’m sorry but that’s a new item for this store and it’s the only one we have.”

“Oh man!” he said. “I wanted it for my wife’s birthday. It would be perfect.”

“I can order one for you if you’d like,” Brooke interrupted trying to help the man out.

“Well, maybe that might work, but I’d still like to see it before making up my mind.”

My legs almost fell out from underneath me as I heard Abby reply. “Sure, I’ll go get the one off the mannequin for you to look at. I’ll be right back.”

Sure enough, Abby came right out and popped the ties from behind me and the dress slipped right off and onto the floor. With the dress still bunched up around my ankles she took the umbrella from my right hand and tossed it on the floor. She removed my left hand from the pillar behind me and, in a mechanical motion, placed it at my side. Finally, she grabbed my hips and pushed downward whispering, “Keep your legs stiff and bend at the waist letting your feet stiffly slide on the floor. I’m going to sit you down.”

So as mannequin-like as I could I let her do the work and lower me to the floor keeping my legs straight. She propped my back against the small wall that surrounded the display window and went around to where my feet were and knelt down in front of me with her back towards the display window. She grabbed hold of one ankle and slipped the dress off my leg. As she did so she spread my leg to the side quite a distance. I let my leg stay where she had left it. She did the same thing to my other leg as she removed the dress. She then looked at me with a huge grin and left me sitting there on the floor with my legs spread wide-open facing the window as she took the dress inside the store!!! Inside my mind I was screaming my fool head off in shock at what she had just done.

People were still some walking by in the mall going to and fro and there I was sitting spread-eagled, wet as I think I have ever been in my whole life!! If anyone looked in the window, they would have seen a perfect beaver shot and I would have been caught dead in the water! There was no way anyone could logically explain this! The fact that I was shaved smooth was probably the only thing that helped sell the illusion that I was a mannequin - at least that’s what I kept telling myself so I wouldn’t panic anyway. Fortunately, no one looked. I wanted so desperately to touch myself but I dared not move. I wanted Abby to hurry up and bring my dress back to me!!

“Oh, this is perfect!” I heard the man in the store exclaim. “How soon can you get one in if I order it in my wife’s size?” I then listened to Brooke giving the man all the details. He seemed satisfied and thanked everyone for their help. I almost died as I saw him leave the store and walk right by my window! I couldn’t bear watching so I closed my eyes beneath the sunglasses. I have no idea if he stopped to look at me or not and I didn’t really want to know. I only wanted to stay out of trouble! All I know is that when I DID open my eyes he was no longer anywhere around.

Abby left me sitting there naked and spread wide not bothering to help me. I heard the overhead announcement about the mall closing and sat there was the lights slowly went off here and there sending the signal to the last remaining shoppers that it was time to go.

More people walked by talking as they headed out of the mall and I literally cringed each time they did. All they had to do was turn their heads and . . . oh the thought was almost too painful to think about! Imagine their surprise if they had seen my nether lips down below blowing a soft, wet kiss to them!

FINALLY, the girls busted out laughing as Brooke locked the door to the store and lowered the security chain across the entrance. “YOU WERE MAGNIFICENT!” Tina exclaimed as the girls gathered around me. Of course, I still stayed there motionless as I wasn’t sure if there was anyone still left in the mall.

“I think she enjoyed herself,” Susan said as she spotted my wetness. Her comment made everyone laugh. I was so embarrassed.

“You can get up now,” Abby said. “Everyone’s gone. Your trial is over for tonight.”

She didn’t have to tell me twice; I was up like a shot and leapt over that half-wall of the display window and went inside the store. I wanted to be away from the front as I was sure some security guard would be making his rounds and I SURE didn’t want him spotting me.

Everyone patted me on the back and told me what a great job I had done. I felt a little proud and somehow their praise made it all seem worthwhile.

As I took off my high-heeled shoes and handed them to Brooke I asked, “I’m glad that’s over. Where’s Paula? I need my clothes.”

Abby stepped right up inches from my face and smiled. “I sent her home.”

“Oh, well who’s got my clothes, then?”

Abby was now grinning from ear to ear. “Can you say, ‘payback’? I seem to recall a little incident where you stole my clothes while I was in the shower a while back. You never did give them back you know. So, now I’m keeping yours. Have fun getting out of the mall.”

“BUT WAIT!!!” I shouted as I saw them all running out the back door laughing. “I DON’T HAVE A CAR? HOW AM I GOING TO GET HOME?”

Well, unlike Abby, at least I had a store full of clothes to cover up with.

“Sorry,” Brooke said apologetically. “I know what you’re thinking and I can’t let you take anything. Abby would kill me if I did. I don’t want her doing to me the kind of stuff she’s done to you. Please don’t be mad at me.”

I wanted to scream but I held it in! “That’s okay. I understand. At least you can give me a ride home since we live so close.”

“Ah . . . well actually not.”

“WHAT DO YOU MEAN?”

“Please don’t be mad . . . she made me promise.”

“I’M NOT MAD!” I screamed before calming myself. “I’m just scared.”

Brooke took hold of my hand and softly explained, “Abby said that if you can make it to the convenience store one block from the mall in half an hour, she’ll wait there for you and give you a ride home. Otherwise, you are on your own. She’ll be driving a green Chevy compact.”

Great, that’s all I needed, more public exposure!


The Midnight Run – Part Thirteen 

Brooke set the alarm and led me out the back door. I was miles away from my home, naked and very vulnerable. There were still all sorts of cars in the mall parking lot which were illuminated quite nicely by the street lights that were still burning brightly.

“Brooke, I have no clue where I am now. I’ve never come out through a back exit before. Which direction is that store I’m supposed to meet Abby at?

My friend just laughed. “I’m sorry, I thought you knew. You are on the back side of the mall. The convenience store is one block down from the mall’s main entrance – and that’s all the way around the other side of the mall.”

“Oh . . .” I replied sounding very depressed. “Look, I know you can’t give me a ride home or give me anything to wear but can you at least give me a ride to someplace closer? I mean Abby would never know.”

My friend looked so sad. I knew she felt bad for me and I could tell that she really wanted to help me, but she was scared of that darned Abby. To tell the truth, so was I! I was about to tell her that I understood when she spoke up, “Look, Abby said I couldn’t give you anything to wear or cover up with and she specifically said I could not drive you anywhere.”

“I understand . . .”

“BUT she never said I couldn’t HELP you.”

I suddenly became a little encouraged. “What are you thinking?”

“Wait here,” she said as she unlocked the door and ran back inside. I had no idea what she was going to do. Maybe she was going to give me some clothes after all I thought hopefully.

In a few moments she returned with and arm load of coat hangers and a small 2-foot square flat dolly on four wheels.

“What on earth is that stuff for?”

Brooke smiled and replied. “It’s your ticket out of here.”

“COAT HANGERS, what am I going to do, steal a car?”

“No silly,” Brooke said laughing, “Just trust me. Now stand up on this dolly.” I did as she asked. “Now hold out your arms in front of you.”

“What?”

“Just do it.” I still didn’t understand but I placed my arms against my sides for support, bent my elbows and extended my forearms out in front of me with the palms of my hands facing up as she asked. She then hung coat hangers along each of my arms and wrists like a rail in a closet. She stepped back and smiled. “You know I think this will work.”

“I still don’t get it. What will work?”

“You did so well being a mannequin in the store, I need you to do it again for a little while longer.” She then took off her cute cap, tucked my hair inside so that none of it showed and then gave me the sunglasses that I had worn in the store. “Perfect,” she announced as she admired her handiwork. “Just stand stiff and whatever you do, don’t move!”

Brooke got behind me, put her hands on the small of my back, and began pushing me forward. I had to really hold myself firm to keep from falling over as the dolly rumbled over the course asphalt parking lot. Of course, I figured that only served to make me look more rigid and believable. “I’m going to take you to that store. If anyone stops me, I’ll just explain that I’m moving my mannequin. As I said you were pretty convincing before. It’s dark out so I don’t see why it won’t work again.”

Brook pushed me along through the long, extended parking lot. The bright lights gave me the creeps but all in all it WAS better than trying to sneak along completely naked trying not to get caught. If I did that myself and was spotted there would be no really good explanation for my nudity. I figured Brooke’s flimsy excuse was better than NO excuse.

We had no sooner turned the corner of the mall and were headed into the front main parking area when I spotted it – the mall’s security car with a flashing yellow light on the roof. It was quite a distance away just circling the lot headed in no particular direction but it was between us and the main entrance. I could only hope that it moved off before we got there.

Brooke was unfazed. She kept right on pushing the dolly as if it was a perfectly normal think to do.

Just then I heard what sounded like a car approaching us from behind and soon I was bathed in its headlights. Someone was getting a fabulous view of my naked ass! There was a short honk of the car’s horn and Brooke whispered, “Just be cool, I know these guys.”

GUYS?!!! I thought. My heart began to beat rapidly now as there was no protective shield of glass or window dressing to shield me from their view. I had no choice but to do my best to try and pull this off.

“Hey Brooke,” the guy in the passenger seat called out his opened window as the car pulled alongside of us. “Whatcha doin’?”

Brooke was as cool as a cucumber. She stopped pushing the dolly and directed her attention to the newcomers leaving me standing in plain sight only a couple of feet away. “Oh, hi Jason, is that Josh in there with you?”

“It’s me babe,” I heard the driver call out.

“So, what’s going on?”

“Some days my work never seems to end. My boss sold this mannequin to the store up ahead and I have to deliver it. She’s too cheap to hire anyone so guess who gets stuck doing it at 10 o’clock at night?”

“Man, that’s some mannequin! It looks so REAL! I mean even the ass on that thing is to die for!”

“You perv,” Brooke said laughing. “I’ll bet you’d even screw one of those blow-up dolls they sell at the porno shops, wouldn’t you? You really need to get out more if you think this is realistic.”

I could hear the driver laughing at his friend’s expense. “Yeah well, you’re real enough, want to hang out?”

“Can’t, I gotta get this thing delivered.”

“Need any help? With the three of us we’d be done in no time!”

My heart was literally pounding out of my chest and it was all I could do not to breathe too hard. If they helped, they’d discover I was a REAL girl!! Not that they might not have suspected that I was already, but why remove any doubt by having them help? I felt a panic attack coming on.

“No thanks,” Brooke said calmly. “Knowing you guys, you’d probably break it and it would come out of my paycheck and I don’t make hardly anything as it is! Thanks for the offer though.”

“Well, if you’re sure?” the passenger said.

“Yeah, I’m sure.”

“HEY!” I heard the driver exclaim. “Did that thing move?!”

I almost pissed on myself when I heard him ask that.

“Yeah right, she’s coming alive because of your irresistible manliness,” Brooke said laughing.

The guys laughed and, to my relief, they left! “You did great!” Brooke said after they had gone. “They bought it hook, line and sinker!”

All I could do was sigh.

We passed several employees as they headed for their cars and ALL of them spotted me and all of them called out greetings to Brooke. I have no idea if ANY of them believed Brooke’s explanation but I do know they ALL had a pretty darned good look at my naked body! I was so wet I was sure that someone would notice and I’d be done for.

Then Brooke heard a familiar voice and left me standing alone as she went over to the girl who was still some distance away.

Before Brooke reached her, I heard the girl call out, “Hi KATIE LYNN!”
My heart sank. SHE KNEW!! She knew who I was! I was about to get off my platform and walk over to plead with whoever this was not to give me away when I heard the girl say, “It ISN’T? Well, I’ll be darned!” There was lots of laughing. I didn’t know what to do so I just stood there keeping up my role as a plastic dummy. “Looks just like her.” The girl then said.

“No way.” Brooke said giggling. “Katie Lynn’s boobs aren’t THAT nice. Besides, she doesn’t shave, remember?”

“Oh yeah, it’s funny how you remember things like that. Maybe she should start.” There was more laughter at my expense then the girl got into her vehicle and left.

“THAT was close,” Brooke said seriously as she reached me. “I finally convinced her she was loony if she thought that was you. I told her she needed glasses!”

Thank goodness I had been standing in the shadows of the parking lot. We finally made it to the mall’s parking lot entrance and I began to get worried all over again. There was a HUGE amount of traffic on the six-lane highway that ran in front of the mall. As Brooke pushed me along the sidewalk headed towards the convenience store, I would be seen by literally HUNDREDS of passing cars!! They ALL would get a free peak at what I looked like. There was no hiding ANYTHING as the street lights bathed me perfectly as we walked along.

Several people honked their horns and Brooke cheerfully waved back at them as if nothing was wrong. I heard a guy’s voice calling out from a passing car, “HEY BROOKE!” I recognized that voice as belonging to Andy Kauffman from school! Andy was seeing me naked!!! I wanted to die as even more of my vaginal lubrication started oozing from me and slowly slid down my upper thighs! He didn’t stop though as the light was green and traffic was moving pretty steadily.

I was so worked up sexually I could hardly stand it and I came very hard just standing there embarrassing Brooke to no end.

“Are you doing what I THINK you’re doing” Brooke asked as she stared at me while I was breathing heavily. “My god you ARE!!!” She just stood back and laughed at me until I finished. “Are you through now?” she asked sarcastically. “I wouldn’t want to ruin the moment.” She added teasingly.

I was embarrassed but very grateful for the opportunity to relieve some of that physical tension. I couldn’t believe I had just orgasmed not only in front of my friend but with all those cars as potential witnesses.

When we reached the store’s parking lot, I spotted Abby’s green compact. She was parked at the side of the store near the dumpster. All I had to do was make it over there and my ordeal would be over.

“Well, well,” Abby said flippantly. “How clever! I would have thought you would have either stealthily made your way over here or waited until like the wee hours of the morning and ran home like you do when you are training. I NEVER expected you to boldly go down the sidewalk in front of all these people.”

Abby laughed at me for a few moments and then asked, “What’s the matter, cat got your tongue?”

I wanted to say something evil but thought better of it until I was sure she was really going to give me a ride home!

She then turned to Brooke and said, “Your idea I suppose? Katie Lynn isn’t bright enough to think of something like that herself.”

Ooooh, how I wanted to smack that bitch right then! It would have to wait, though. I decided I’d get my revenge later. She’d pay alright but on MY terms.

“Yes, it was my idea,” Brooke meekly answered.

“You two made it all the way over here without any trouble with her standing like that?”

“Yes, no problem really,” Brooke replied carefully.

Abby got right in my friend’s face and said menacingly, “Well I should punish you for crossing me!” I saw Brooke’s eyes get huge with fear. Before I could come to her defense Abby continued, “But I guess I never really said you couldn’t HELP her, did I? Tell you what. I have an idea that might make amends. Let’s see how many people we can expose your mannequin to tonight. You help me push her down the sidewalk for a while and I’ll forget that you crossed me.”

My heart began to race as my mind yelled silently, NOT THE SIDEWALK AGAIN!!!

“Okay,” Brooke said complacently.

“I think we can walk for miles! Just look at all those people out tonight!” With that they both got behind me and began pushing my dolly back to the front of the store and down the sidewalk!!

I wanted to die! Abby was really going to get it! Just you wait and see!

