Wufei closed his eyes, tears prickling behind his eyelids, his throat clotting up even as he returned the kiss. Treize’s tongue was hot and demanding, ruthlessly ravishing every contour and surface. One hand took hold of his chin, the fingers digging hard into the tender skin, and the other went to the back of his head, grabbing onto his hair and trapping him, imprisoning him in this cruel embrace.

And it was wrong how good this was making him feel. The tendril of desire uncoiled from Wufei’s groin, gathering and stretching out through his veins, spreading warm lust all over his body, making his cheeks flush. His head dizzy with want, the ripples of desire grew and converged into waves and resonating into a hunger that could not be contained.

A hand found his nipple and he moaned, helplessly leaning into the other man’s embrace, his arms snaking around Treize’s neck and just holding on. Oh, this simply wasn’t fair, how a simple touch from this man could affect Wufei so much when he knew that to Treize this was only a game and some twisted idea of affection. The fingers twisted his nipple and the sharp pain shot an arrow of lust straight to his groin and he cried out, “Treize!”

He remembered the first time those talented hands had brought him to arousal, those clever fingers knowing just where and how to touch. Mouth and tongue interrogated his traitorous flesh and extracted all of the secrets from his body. He had mostly been unaware of his own sensualities then, but had been forced to face them in the following long nights – spread, tied in Treize’s luxurious bed, naked and blinded folded under the weight of Treize’s intense gaze. Endured the long hours of writhing and whimpering under Treize’s skilled hands, sobbing his heart out as his body was turned inside and out with mind-shattering pleasure.

He had learned the pain that pleasure could bring.

Treize could be very gentle, sometimes; kissing him with a slow, careful reverence that reminded him of the way he once witnessed Heero kiss Duo. So tender and loving, seeing it had made Wufei’s heart ache. He hadn't understood why, then, but he did now when it no longer mattered.

Treize’s kisses were not real.

This was real, this hard and harsh claiming. The pain coming from his scalp as Treize’s hand tightened on his hair and the rough pinches on his nipples was real. It was real and it was making him burn.

He was pushed down on his back, the larger body covering his own, the fabric of Treize’s uniform rough against his sensitised skin. He was naked, but Treize was still in full uniform sans jacket and cape, firm erection digging into Wufei's thigh. Treize loved taking Wufei like this, spreading him out like a banquet waiting to be consumed. And in his most secret heart, Wufei knew that he loved it, too.

A finger breached his entrance and Wufei spread his legs wantonly. /Shameless,/ he chided himself. The finger glided in, brushing against the magical spot and causing a full-body shiver spreading along his spine. He arched, pulling his legs back and exposing himself in invitation. /Slut./ He settled his ankles on Treize’s shoulders. “More!” he demanded. /Whore./ Two fingers in, then three; Wufei pushed down onto the invading fingers, grinding against them. The slow burn inside his channel hurt oh so good…

/Traitor./

Oh, oh. Oh, Treize! Moooore! Pleeeeease!!

He fucked himself on Treize’s fingers wildly and crying out in dismay when they left him empty, immediately the blunt head of Trezie’s cock pushed at his entrance, filling him up again inch-by-inch. It was so good. So good. The hardness inside him stretched him almost beyond endurance but he pushed back in eagerly. Treize gasped, his body shaking. Treize’s voice was but a whisper, roughened with desperation, so sincere he could almost believe it. “Dragon, my dragon…” Wufei squeezed his eyelids tight to stop the absurd tears.

/Dragon indeed! Why didn’t Treize just call him ‘Pet’?/

Treize pulled almost all the way out and plunged back in one thrust so deeply that Wufei could feel it at the back of his throat. Again and again and again, hard and fast and furious, just the way he wanted it. Wufei’s head flung itself back on to the pillow, rocking with each forceful thrust. A low, tortuous moan escaped from his throat, and then Treize was there, his hands around Wufei’s face, demanding,

“Look at me!”

Wufei opened his eyes; Treize’s eyes were burning with something more than lust, so dark and passionate that the blue almost disappeared into black, and Wufei was pinned helplessly under that intense gaze. All movements stopped, a feat he would have sworn to be impossible a minute ago. The room was so silent they could only hear their rapid heartbeats and all Wufei could feel was the weight of that heavy gaze.

“Say it.” Voice deadly soft, a silk rope tied around his neck.

And Wufei replied, looking into those intense blue-black eyes, “Master.”

When climax hit, it was devastating.

----------

Treize had to shower and change again before going to work. Wufei stretched out languidly in the bed, lazy in the aftermath of sex. He watched as Treize pulling on his uniform, the sleek body still moist from the shower.

“What will happen to Duo?” he asked, watching as bare skin disappeared beneath the general’s uniform as Treize became General Khushrenada again.

“He will be treated as any other prisoner of war.”

Six months ago, Wufei would have taken that answer as assurance that that Duo would be treated with the respect accorded to a prisoner of war. Six months ago, Wufei had still been a naïve little idiot.

“I want to see him.”

“No.”

No need to think about it at all, hm? Wufei’s mouth twisted into a bitter smile. Not that the refusal was a surprise; Treize guarded the Wufei’s access to the outside world jealously. Wufei wasn’t allowed to step a foot outside of Treize’s chambers and the door was guarded twenty-four hours a day.

Treize finished dressing and came over to the bed to give Wufei one more kiss. Wufei deepened it and tried to hold on when Treize broke the kiss and started to pull away. Treize gently pried Wufei’s fingers loose and bid him goodbye.

Wufei sighed as the door closed behind Treize’s departing figure. The atmosphere of the room changed abruptly at the sound of the closing door. It became still and heavy in the silence. The walls stood firm, enclosing him inside the gilded cage. Wufei lay listlessly in the bed, staring up at the ceiling. Engulfing loneliness settled over his heart like heavy mists, the long day stretching out endlessly ahead.

He wished Treize were still here.

It wasn’t surprising, really. Treize's was the only real companionship he had had since his capture. The guards outside the door were forbidden to speak with him except when they were conveying Treize’s orders. The only other person who had access to Wufei was Une, and she despised Wufei. So despite his reluctant efforts to resist, Wufei had grown to depend on Treize’s company. Stockholm Syndrome, he understood it was called, exactly the result that Treize had planned.

Shaking off the familiar depression that descended over every morning, Wufei got out of bed. At least today he had things to… plan.

His kata had always been good for clearing his head, although sometimes he wondered what the point of keeping up his skills was, if he couldn’t injure anyone during a fight. However, he kept practising, because he knew the day he stopped trying would be the day he truly had become a slave. Wufei always loved rhythmic movement of the form, the discipline of mind and body and the purity of physical exertion. His swordsmanship was one of the things that had helped him to keep his sanity in the long months after he had become Treize’s captive.

He felt competent enough to tackle the problem of Duo after the kata routine and a shower. Chewing on his cold breakfast, he tried to consider the situation logically.

First, why was Duo here?

Treize had told Wufei that Duo wasn’t here for him, but then again Treize had told him a lot of things and not all of them turned out to be true. After Wufei’s capture and subsequent defeat at Treize’s hand, the OZ General had made an announcement that Pilot 05 had died from injuries sustained in battle and Wufei's existence as Treize’s ‘pet’ was known only to a few select people inside OZ. However, it was always possible that this information could have leaked to the other pilots. Wufei pushed down the small, desperate hope at the idea – if Duo had come to rescue him then chances were he might even have the proper tools to get the damned collar off Wufei’s neck. Wufei brushed that consideration aside, knowing that he couldn’t depend on it. On the other hand, Treize could be telling the truth. Perhaps Duo’s current incarceration had nothing to do with Wufei. If so, then it would be Wufei’s duty to help Duo escape, regardless of whether or not he could go with Duo. Duo's first priority was to escape.

But how?

Wufei couldn’t set a foot outside of the door without bringing down the guards. The windows were welded shut and the collar incapacitated his abilities to fight even if he could get out the room. The only good news was that he had memorised the layout of the base and had a fair idea of where Duo might be kept. Beyond that, his resources were dismally small.

He wished the others were here. Wufei was solitary by nature, but one and a half years of fighting together in an impossible war had cemented a bond between the five Gundam pilots that went deeper than friendship. Wufei had learned to lean on the others’ strength where his own were lacking, something he had never allowed himself to do before. For the first time in his life he had had friends, people who supported and understood him, bound together by a common cause.

He missed them.

And now, from having the run of the Earth, the Colonies and outer space, Wufei’s world had been reduced to this set of rooms, his life dictated at the whim of one of his most hated enemies. One of his friends was on the other side of the base, probably being tortured at this exact moment. And Wufei was powerless to be of any help.

/Useless./

Wufei’s sat down heavily. His eyes fell on Treize’s personal computer but he knew it would be of no help. He hadn’t been able to hack into Treize’s files for months now. The last time he had, it had not ended well…

----------

Wufei had broken into the General’s computer, thanks to the skills learned under Heero’s tutorage. Treize’s files were secure, but he did as much damage as he could by tapping into the control room of the base and creating several disasters in the daily running, reassigning the guards and opening all the lock doors etc…

He had almost succeeded in slipping away in the chaos. 

Wufei sighed as he shifted his stance. His arms were getting sore, stretched up over his head locked to an iron bar. He had been left in this position for over an hour; at this point, he wished that, whatever Treize had planned for him, he would get on with it already.

Wufei leaned his head onto one outstretched arm. He was tired and bruised, and his inability to hurt the soldiers didn’t stop them from giving him a good thumping in recapturing him. 

/But I was so close…/

The large hand that landed on Wufei’s naked back made him jump. He had been so deep in thought that he hadn’t heard anyone approach. The hand soothed him, rubbing circles over his back, then it came around his waist and held him. The long body taped itself along Wufei’s back, enveloping him, enfolding him, cool, hard, metal buttons digging into his back.

It was a familiar body, one that Wufei knew well enough to recognise by the lines and muscles, to identify it by the faint scent of roses. A hand running along his arm, long, graceful fingers, soft pads of fingertips in contrasts to the hard calluses between the thumb and forefinger and along his palm - calluses of an active fencer - rubbed and loosened his muscles and sent shivers dancing beneath his skin. 

Both arms came around Wufei’s waist and tightened, squeezing hard. Treize’s head bent down to suckle the tender skin at the base of Wufei's neck, sharp teeth penetrating the thin layer of skin. Wufei hissed, a jolt of electricity shooting down south, and he couldn’t suppress the shiver of anticipation of what was yet to come.

But Treize didn’t move, didn’t do anything but licking and worrying over the patch tender skin. Then he buried his face in the crook of Wufei’s shoulders and just… breathed. 

Breathed in the scent of Wufei’s skin, underneath the musk of sweat and dirt, and the faint trace of roses that still lingered on the raven hair, the scent of the shampoo that Treize had used when he had washed Wufei’s hair that morning. 

Wufei was rigid in Treize’s arms, resisting the temptation of leaning back into the warm, solid body. Treize’s fingers were stroking over one bare hip, coaxing him. Slowly, gradually, Wufei allowed himself to relax into the larger body.

They stayed that way for a long time.

Finally, Treize straightened, letting go of Wufei. He moved around and Wufei found himself staring up into the cornflower blue eyes. Those eyes were filled with determination and sadness. 

“You know I’ll have to punish you for this infraction.” 

Wufei’s stomach turned to ice.

The pain that followed was devastating. Every nerve ending of his body was burning, searing every muscle, every fibre of his being with white-hot fire. Wave after wave of agony hit his body, turning him inside out. His vision was gone; he couldn’t see anything beyond the bright pain behind his eyelids. He could no longer hear except for the rush of blood in his ears. The pressure building inside of him suffocated him but he could no longer scream. He was going to explode. Oh Heaven, he couldn’t breathe. 

Then the pain stopped abruptly and Treize was lowering Wufei onto the ground. It was so sudden that he didn’t register it for several minutes. He was dimly aware that he was shaking like a leaf, his muscles no longer under his control. Treize’s hand was under his chin, tilting his head up but he still couldn’t see clearly. The face – faces? – in his vision were clouded and hazy. Treize was talking about hurting someone, hurting Treize? No, hurting Wufei. About Wufei getting hurt. Funny. Wasn’t he hurting just a moment ago? He could still feel the scorch marks beneath his skin, the agony too recent a memory. Treize was shaking him now, demanding something from him, but his head grew even hazier. He didn’t understand what it was Treize wanted from him, so he only shook his head weakly. Treize dropped his chin.

And brought the pain back.

It was worse, so much worse than before. He was burning, he was drowning and he was dying, and please pleeeeeease just let him die this time because his veins were leaking blood and his skin was burning off and his bones were breaking into pieces and he would surely die in the next few seconds… Oh all the Gods in Heaven… please let him die…

It was hours, days and an eternity before Treize stopped torturing him. Wufei lay there on the floor, mouth open, staring blindly, trying to breathe. He still couldn’t stop shaking but the convulsions were dying down. Treize wiped a wet towel across his forehead, cleaning away the tears and sweat from his face. Even those light touches hurt.

“You have to understand,” Treize whispered. “You have to accept that you’re mine.” His thumb rubbed over Wufei’s lower lip and came away red; the flesh there had been bitten through.

Treize dipped his head and pressed a gentle kiss on Wufei’s chest, just above his heart. Two crystalline teardrops landed on the smooth skin as his head lifted again. Treize blinked away the tears, stood up, and retrieved his signet ring from the fireplace. The metal was heated red and while wearing protective gloves, Treize pressed his scorching ring into the vulnerable flesh…

Wufei had no voice left to scream.

It was the Kushrenada coat of arms, of roses and two crossed swords, now marked forever into the flesh of Treize's beloved. 

Treize cleaned up the wound and made Wufei swallow some drugs for pain. He checked over the pliant body. The bruises the boy had sustained during his escape attempt weren’t bad, but it still turned Treize's stomach to see them.

Treize lifted the boy onto the bed and settled him in. Wufei was still dizzy with pain. Treize lay down beside him, cupping his hand over the crude brand rather protectively and laid a kiss just beside it. 

The mark on his chest throbbed dully and, even in his stupor, Wufei still knew what that kiss was.

Possession.

----------

Wufei’s hand came up to his chest, unconsciously rubbing over the burn mark.

He had to get Duo out.

He couldn’t hurt the guards, but they were not allowed to hurt him either, unless he was trying to escape. In fact, the guards had orders to keep him from hurting himself… So if he were to open the door, obviously wounded, one of the guards would run to get help… As for the other… During the past months, his repeated exposure to the pain dealt out by the collar had built up some resistance. He was quite sure he could hit the paralysing point in one of the guards without he himself collapsing. A plan slowly formed in his head, and he couldn’t stop the pleased smile from blossoming on his face.

The sound of the door opening interrupted his thoughts; he turned to see Treize coming through the door with an OZ soldier following closely behind him. Wufei frowned. Treize was back much too early - something must have happened.

“Has something happened to Duo?” he asked, unable to hide his worry.

Treize smiled, a rather ironic lift of the corner of his lips. “Why don’t you see for yourself, my Dragon?”

The soldier behind him stepped forward into sight and lifted up an automatic pistol lined at Wufei's head. The face behind the gun was familiar, even with the hair cropped short in military style. The violet eyes were cold as ice. Wufei swallowed, throat dry. He couldn’t believe his eyes.

“Duo?”

The hatred in Duo’s face was something he had never seen before. His friend spit out one word with obvious contempt.

“Traitor.”

The End of Chapter Two.