Gettin' off the ship was even more fun than gettin' on, because even though he'd spent the trip apparently suspended in time, somehow his body had still managed to stiffen up all over. And Squall was still walkin' hunched over like an old man, one arm wrapped tight around his guts like he was afraid they were gonna fall out-- not that Seifer hadn't thought about that, himself, at one point, seein' just how much blood had been involved.

At least the stupid, stubborn bastard was letting him help, this time. It was too bad that the long trip hadn't let them heal while they were at it-- but he supposed the whole point of stasis was that while you were in it, time didn't pass.

Seifer must have been getting numb to the way time'd been continually screwed up around them, though, because it barely seemed to matter that it was probably a few years later than what felt like five minutes before. Of course, that might have had something to do with Squall, white as a sheet and kind of staggering as he left the ship behind, and the way Seifer couldn't quite stop hovering right beside him. He heard some exasperated sighs from the others as they bickered back and forth, Squall's voice gritty and tight and his own too-loud to compensate, but he couldn't really spare the attention to tell them to fuck off and mind their own business.

"All right, listen up," Cid barked from somewhere further back in the line-- the man had a set of lungs that their old drill sergeant would envy. There were milling civilians coming out of their stasis chambers, now, looking around with blank, relieved expressions, and all of them turned at the sound. "There's no way people didn't see us comin' in, so I wouldn't be surprised if someone came along pretty soon to investigate. I don't imagine they get many rockets in these parts." There was a low, tentative laugh. "If we are where the charts say we are," Cid went on when it was done, "there's a town not too far that way." He pointed, and the sea of heads turned to follow. "Let's go find somewhere to hole up before we get too into celebratin'."

Seifer was all but carrying Squall by the time they got where they were going-- a ghost town, not a soul to be seen, and most of the buildings showing their years, but that actually suited him just fine. He picked a building at random, leaving the rest behind without a word, and went to find a place for Squall to lie down and finish healing.

Once he got Squall settled on a horizontal surface, Seifer peeled back the wadded up remains of Squall's shirt-- all the bandage they'd really had time for-- and assessed what was beneath. The edges of the wounds were mostly closed over but looked white and bloodless, swollen, not entirely right-- maybe something to do with why they were healing slower than they should've been. But they didn't smell and didn't really look like they were poisoned, so he just sponged them off and rebound them with something a little cleaner.

Squall stared at him the entire time, looking a bit like he wanted to tell Seifer off but mostly like he wasn't really sure what the fuck was going on. Seifer sympathized; he mostly felt like that, himself.

When he finished, Seifer laid a hand over the bandage, feeling the rise and fall of the flesh beneath as Squall breathed and feeling something in himself starting to relax at the same time. "This," he said succinctly, breaking the silence, "is so completely fucked up."

And he leaned down-- didn't quite kiss Squall, that would have been pushing it. But he touched his lips to Squall's temple, nosed his hair and inhaled, helpless not to. Finally, reluctantly admitting to the stupid shaky feeling that still wouldn't quite go away, and the urge to reassure himself that despite everything, the dumbass was still alive.

Squall's hand slowly lifted to close around Seifer's sleeve, and then slid up to rest just below his hairline. It curled there, cool but not uncomfortable, and stayed.

***

It might have been the next morning, or the morning after that-- long enough that their strange little band of refugees had started to settle out and get used to the idea that they were alive and free. The people Guy passed in the street were smiling at each other as they took stock and began to start over. Most of them looked at Luke and him in a kind of wary awe, which was-- uncomfortable, at best, but that would probably fade over time, and for the most part the atmosphere was hopeful.

It had been long enough that Guy had actually slept until he didn't feel tired, anyway, and long enough for the gash on Luke's leg to heal to the point where he wasn't limping anymore. The two of them wandered into what appeared to have become their base of operations, the place where everyone had centralized all their supplies, and there they found Cid bending over a pot on some kind of portable cookstove. Roy was already seated at a table to one side, a cup cradled in both hands.

When they got close enough, Cid handed them battered mugs filled with steaming dark liquid. "Tea," he grunted.

"Don't suppose there's coffee?" Luke asked hopefully.

Cid scowled, still looking grumpy with sleep. "You'll drink your damned tea and like it."

Luke blinked, and took the cup. "Yes sir."

Cid grunted at them again and wandered away.

"So where are we?" Yuri's voice said from behind; Guy turned to see him and Flynn just coming in, Flynn muffling a yawn with one hand. Yuri was still holding his arm a little awkwardly, but considering that Guy was pretty sure he hadn't been able to move it after the battle, that was pretty good. He wondered how Squall was doing; he'd looked pretty bad, and the way that Seifer had been practically glued to his side couldn't have meant anything good.

"Somewhere in western Archades, it seems," Roy answered, gesturing at some sort of map on the table in front of him.

Guy wandered over to look, absently sipping from his mug-- and he froze in place, coughing helplessly with the edge of it still touching his lips. It-- might have been tea, yes, and it would no doubt serve the purpose of waking him up, but--

Roy smirked at him from overtop of his own mug, which looked suspiciously full.

Yuri, watching, set his cup at the end of the table and left it there, before bending to peer at the map. "Hunh. Certainly seeing the world, these days." He glanced over to the other side of the room, where Guy belatedly noticed Jade hunched over their datascreen and a whole lot of other equipment besides. "What's the genius doing?"

"Going through the sensor logs from the ship," Roy explained blandly. "Cid apparently set up an entire array of recording devices on it. I suppose that since he had to miss the trip while in stasis, he wanted to be able to experience it all at a later date."

Luke blinked, daring a sidelong glance at a still-scowling Cid. "So, what's Jade doing with it?"

Roy shrugged. "How should I know? Maybe he's secretly as much of a space enthusiast as Cid."

They sat and didn't drink their tea while the others began to trickle in. Guy looked at each of them in turn, seeing the traces of weariness, of hurt-- Squall looked pale but was walking all right by himself. The only one looking remotely refreshed was Kimberly, which was-- both unsurprising and unreassuring. Roy's repeated warnings about Kimberly had always sounded a little paranoid, but Guy had to admit that there was something deeply unsettling about the man.

"So it was real, then," Flynn eventually said in a sober tone, breaking into the subject that none of them had really wanted to broach but which couldn't be avoided forever. "Alien viruses and all."

Seifer snorted, sprawled out all over one end of the bench. "Think that's pretty obvious by now, don't you?"

Rush made a low, frustrated sound. "But how are fifteen of us supposed to fight a million alien-virus-ridden super-powered freaks? Maybe if everyone in the program had survived we'd have a chance, but now?"

"You have obviously never fought a war," Jade said distractedly, wandering over to join them with his eyes still fixed on the 'screen. "Your target is never the foot soldiers, it's the general leading them. Otherwise you're left killing cannon fodder all day to no real use." His fingers darted on the controls and the screen flashed, images and text moving by in rapid succession.

"Well that's, uh, great, but unless you've got some plan to let us fight this JENOVA directly--" Luke cut himself off, eyeing Jade's intent look with suspicion. "What am I talking about, of course you do."

"Hm," was all Jade said, and Guy rolled his eyes.

"Back the fuck up, here," Seifer interrupted. "Who says we've gotta fight anything? We got away, the freaks are all sealed up in their own little hell, let's just leave it the fuck alone."

"'Cept that virus got to my world somehow," Cid said, coming to join them, looking a little more awake. "Didn't need any kind of human carrier. What's to say it won't spread to the others the same way?"

It was a sobering thought, and one that left the entire table silent for long moments. Because it was true-- from Cid's account of things, the virus had shown up unexpectedly, brought directly by the source, JENOVA. It could very well do the same elsewhere.

For all they knew, it could already have arrived.

Guy glanced at Jade, who showed no sign of being ready to share his schemes, so he cleared his throat and changed the subject instead. "Anyone gone out to scavenge the town yet?" Cid shrugged.

"Few groups went around, didn't find much. Expect the locals took whatever they could carry with them when they left." He took a long, thoughtful pull from his mug, and Guy wasn't the only one who shuddered to see it. "There's some mechanical stuff," he added, "not in very good shape but I'm gonna go round it up later and see what I can do with it. Who knows, maybe I can whip us up a water filtration unit or something."

The conversation devolved from there into discussions of what Cid could and couldn't build-- with the former apparently far more frequent than the latter. Guy couldn't help but perk up when he started talking about engines, and he heard a muffled snicker from Luke over it.

"Ah," Jade said suddenly, and all other conversation fell silent. "There you are."

"You ready to share with the class now, professor?" Yuri asked dryly.

Jade quirked an eyebrow at him, but didn't otherwise comment. "You may recall," he began, "that we found coordinates of some kind amongst the data from the last facility we visited. Only they didn't correlate with any kind of navigational system that I was familiar with."

"Yeah, so?"

"So," Jade said blandly, "I believe I have figured them out."

He set the datascreen down, and Guy saw that it was paused on image that could only have been taken from the rocket-- an aerial image of a world, blue and green and grey. Jade tapped the screen, and the image began to zoom in until they could start to see the outlines of cities and landforms. "They were not coordinates at all," Jade said quietly. "Or rather, not only coordinates. The sequence of numbers included a date and time stamp and some manner of trajectory calculation which, when followed through to its logical conclusion, leads here."

He zoomed in one last time, leaving the 'screen showing the vaguely circular outline of a crater-- and at the center of it, some dark and irregular shape, something big and amorphous and dark, oily blue.

"You think that's--" Rush started, then had to stop and blink at the screen a few more times. "JENOVA? Like, the actual alien itself, sitting in there calling the shots?"

Jade gave a slow shrug. "It would explain how the infected act more like puppets than people."

"That's pretty fucking thin," Squall muttered.

"So what do we do, then?" Yuri asked.

Jade tapped the 'screen again, zooming out to a more general view. "Take the fight to the general, of course. The crater is only several hours' travel north of the city, if we can find a working transport vehicle. Unless someone has a better idea?"

"Yeah," Seifer said without much hope, "we all go back to th' damned beach, drink a lot of booze out of coconuts or some shit, and forget about the whole thing."

Jade sighed. "Under any other circumstances," he said, with surprising candour, "I might agree with you. However, this is not just a matter of some greedy lord's struggle for power, this is the potential eradication of the human race. And though I have on occasion been accused of being cold, that is not something I want on my conscience."

"First we will have to resupply and prepare," David said quietly. "Repair our weaponry and perhaps acquire more."

"I'm good with more," Yuri muttered.

"It will take a portal to get us back," David continued. "With any luck, the infected will be ignoring the portal in favour of whatever remains of the compound, so we may be able to act with some element of surprise, at least at first."

"Act, how? Seriously, no one's said yet what exactly we're supposed t'do," Seifer said incredulously. "I ain't too happy with the idea of takin' on a giant fucking alien with a sword."

"Here," Jade said. He tapped through several sequences on the datascreen, making the display pan down and then over a plan of the city. "There were once several advanced military development laboratories in the city. This one, at least," Jade went on, finally zeroing in on one building in particular, "was noted to be under high security, the same sort of barrier system as was placed around the portal. There's a very good chance that the infected would not have been able to get inside to destroy any of the equipment."

"If it's under a barrier, how will we get inside?" Basch asked quietly.

"I can get you through it, if you don't care too much about puttin' it back up again when you're done. And I can probably get you back home again after you're finished," Cid said grudgingly. "If I go through the portal with you, so long as I don't go outside the barrier then I can work with the controls from the inside. If you make it and actually beat the freaks, I can get the barrier to drop and let you back through."

"And if we don't?"

"Well, at least I can get out, myself. And I'll make sure to hold a nice memorial service for you."

***

It took entirely too little time for them to take stock of their weaponry and other gear-- Roy felt a pang for the armory they'd left behind Balamb, as he was reduced to scavenging basements for rusty knives. Far too late to go back, of course; the most they could do was clean and sharpen their existing weapons until they gleamed, and hope for better when they reached Jade's theoretical military depot. If they reached it.

The entire settlement had that quiet, heavy feeling that came before a battle. The nearest portal had already been located; they would be setting out in the morning. Predictably enough, all of their pairs had gone off for some alone time when that decision was made, leaving the rest of them to their own devices. Not that they had done much more than pack their kits and prepare, although Kimberly had been pretty quick to vanish. Roy didn't know what the man was up to, and since there had not yet been any explosions, for once he was determined not to care.

For the most part, Roy just wanted a drink. It wasn't like his enhanced metabolism would let him be hung over for the big day. So once he felt he was suitably prepared-- rations, check; water, check; bandages, check-- he hunted down what had once been the town's bar. The cellar was securely barred and padlocked even after so many years, but it was only a slight effort on his part to break through. Collecting a random selection of dusty bottles, he brought them back up into the light.

Jade was already upstairs, righting one of the barroom's intact tables and dragging over several battered chairs to match. There wasn't anything so civilized as a glass in sight, of course, but this once Roy thought he could manage without.

Jade took the first bottle wordlessly when Roy offered it. Roy still didn't know if he liked the man, but they had spent a lot of time together travelling through various parts of Trabia in the early days, so at least he was familiar. And he didn't feel the need to talk, just tipped the bottle to his lips and drank, which Roy did appreciate.

Footsteps heralded Basch and then Auron as the two men eventually wandered in to join them. And when the first bottle emptied, they started on the next.

***

Vincent eventually hunted Cloud down on the outskirts of their adopted town, leaning back against a partly tumbled wall and staring out into the night. It was a vague sense of obligation that brought him, at least in part, wanting to ensure that the man hadn't suffered some sort of relapse to his earlier condition, or wouldn't become a liability in the upcoming battle. The rest of it-- it wasn't concern, precisely, but Vincent supposed it was close.

Cloud didn't look up at as Vincent drew near, just stayed slumped against the wall, wearing a hooded expression. But he had obviously noticed the approach because he spoke the moment Vincent stopped moving. "Somehow, I thought you'd be by."

Vincent studied Cloud briefly. He had been very quiet since emerging from the stasis capsule-- quite the change from the wild-eyed creature they had needed to wrestle into it, who had looked back out at them with a bloodless, terrified expression. But the change went deeper than that, Vincent thought. There had always been a tense current of something like madness running through Cloud, but now he seemed more grounded, quietly thoughtful instead of merely numb. Maybe facing down some of his demons had let Cloud exorcise them-- it was impossible to say for certain, and Vincent doubted it was a method any of them would willingly choose, but the results did seem to be there.

He stepped in close enough to speak and matched Cloud's posture, looking out into the night. "I apologize," he said stiffly, "for my actions on the ship."

Cloud shrugged. "You did what you had to do," he said flatly. "I know that."

"Nonetheless. I-- regret it came to that."

Cloud gave a faint snort, glancing at him sidelong. "It's hardly your fault that I remember too much. Though I suppose I appreciate the sentiment."

"You do remember, then," Vincent asked. "I know some of the others suspected as much."

Cloud shrugged again. "I never saw any point in mentioning it, it's not like I had any answers for you. The ones who did it never said why; they hardly said anything to us at all, like we were just-- things. Subjects. I don't think they ever referred to either of us by name.

"You look kind of like him," Cloud added suddenly. "Like-- Zack. Not a lot, but enough, I guess. In case you were wondering why."

"Ah," Vincent said quietly.

"I used to think you were lucky, you know. Not as much as the others who were still together, but at least the ones like you would never know what it felt like to-- you wouldn't ever have to live through that. But I suppose, in a way, at least I got to say good-bye."

Vincent thought back-- to the last parts of his old life that he could remember, the long days of waiting in some minor lord's prison after failing to kill him, the occasional scratch of motion from the next cell over that was the only indication his partner was still alive. He thought about the very real possibility that he could have woken from his long sleep to the same sort of need and dependence that plagued Cloud and those like him, and tried to imagine it being worth the trouble.

And then he shook his head. He and Tseng had been colleagues, not lovers, not even friends. He doubted he could really understand.

Cloud's unexpected willingness to talk seemed to have ended, so Vincent stood for a few more moments of fairly companionable silence and then moved away. He walked the town's perimeter from old habit, studying the shadows and listening to the faint sounds that drifted by.

A curl of motion caught his eye; he turned and found Cid perched on a stump, smoking. "Forgot what the air was like, really," the man said by way of greeting, as Vincent approached. "Everything smells good, here."

Vincent gave a pointed cough at the waft of smoke that came his way. "Yes, of course," he said dryly.

Cid shot him a crooked little smirk. "Forgot what this was like, too," he said then, waving the cigarette. "We ran out of these a long while back, but I never quite stopped wanting one."

"And how many houses did you have to search to find that?"

"A few," Cid answered, cigarette pinched in the midst of a wide grin.

"You don't have to go back, you know," Vincent felt obliged to offer after a few moments of silence.

"You don't either," Cid shot back. "Could just let 'em all rot up there. Won't matter any to us if that shit breaks loose in fifty years."

"I suppose not," Vincent agreed mildly. And after a moment's more silence Cid barked a laugh and stood to clap him on the shoulder.

"Got that right," he said, and walked off into the night.

***

Of course he knew that Seifer was following him. He could hardly not know, these days, but he wasn't quite ready to admit that he knew why, or that he was maybe looking forward to it a little. He just kept walking, right up to the room that they'd claimed and inside. When the door clicked shut, he was ready, catching the hand that Seifer was already reaching towards him and using it to spin the other man into an armlock. Seifer growled, low and resonant, and it was on.

They wrestled as seriously as they'd ever done on the practice mats, gaining more than a few bruises in the process. It was luck as much as anything that put Squall's shoulders to the floor at the end of it, with Seifer overtop of him, grinning down in obvious challenge.

Squall tensed against the hold, grunting when it gained him nothing. "Whatever," he eventually said, reluctantly admitting the defeat. "But don't think this means anything for next time."

Seifer's grin only widened, though Squall for once had the impression that it wasn't meant to mock. Squall met Seifer's descending mouth with a deliberate scrape of teeth, to which Seifer at first jerked and then returned kind for kind, purring a low sound under his breath. They grappled with each other as they moved from the floor to the bed, fingers digging, hips bucking, pulling at clothing until they had to break apart to take the rest of it off. When they came back together it was a shocking sear of naked skin on skin, which paradoxically had Squall shivering.

Seifer tossed a small flask of oil down beside them; Squall didn't ask where he'd got it, and was pretty sure he didn't want to know. He just waited, and sure enough after bare seconds Seifer sank two fingers in without warning, prompting Squall to make a sound half growl, half moan; he just couldn't help it. Seifer echoed the sound with a growl of his own.

"Oh, fuck, that's good," he heard Seifer mutter. "Fuck, Squall--" He laughed breathlessly. "Not so cold after all."

"Shut up," Squall ground out. "Why do you never shut up." He grabbed a handful of hair and yanked until Seifer's words cut off in a pained hiss, and then made sure of it by stoppering up Seifer's mouth with his own.

He was expecting Seifer to just shove it in, to fuck him hard and fast, so the slow push and easy thrust that he got instead threw him off balance. He found himself only able to lie there and blink vaguely at nothing until Seifer buried his face in Squall's shoulder and started muttering broken curses, buried as deep as he could go. Those broad shoulders were shaking, his hands were clenched.

Hesitantly, Squall brought his arms up-- like all of those uninvited new instincts were demanding he do-- and slid them slowly over and down Seifer's back, prompting another shiver. Seifer's hips moved; one of his hands came down to Squall's hip, wrapping over the bone, bracing, holding, and the next slow thrust took Squall right where it counted the most.

He threw his head back on a muffled shout, nails digging into skin. Seifer made another of those low, thrumming sounds, hot and pleased, and did it again.

When it ended both of them lay shaking, slow to recover, Squall bonelessly warm and flat on his back, Seifer a dead weight against his chest and side. A dead weight that quivered once, then eventually propped itself up on an elbow and began to laugh, helpless and more genuine than Squall had ever seen. "Fuck," he said, "why haven't we done this before?"

"Because you're an arrogant asshole?" Squall answered automatically, though he had trouble working up any real venom to the words.

"Yeah, well," Seifer shot back, still amused, "you're a frigid little bitch, so."

Squall slitted his eyes open, thought about taking offense, and decided that it was too much effort. And besides, he supposed-- he felt his mouth quirk up at the corners as he tipped his head, conceding the point.

Seifer stared, then his face split in a wide grin. "Fuck me sideways, I think the ice princess just melted." Seifer laughed again, and Squall just lay there feeling strangely light until the body against his stopped shaking and settled half over him like a blanket instead.

Then, feeling more at peace than he had since before any of this had started, Squall slept.