Caterina opened her eyes as she heard someone else walking into the baths. She had had a very long day at work, and she was really hoping that the baths would stay as empty as she had found them. The club was normally much quieter on Tuesdays than the weekends. If she couldn't have the baths to herself, she hoped that whoever was about to come around the corner wasn't irritating or annoying.

As an attendant undressed her, Hilda chuckled at the sight of Caterina. "Not so quick to your feet these days?" Free of her clothing, she slipped into the water, sighing at its warmth.

Caterina chuckled. "I think we can safely say that I've moved on." If anyone was going to be joining her, she was glad that it was Hilda. "I'm surprised to see you here. I thought you were avoiding the club for awhile."

"I was." And Hilda did not explain beyond that that. She was there for the night and that was that. And she probably wouldn't come again for months. She preferred it that way...long days in her stables and long nights in her country home. "I'm glad to have caught you here, though." There was no harm in a little nostalgia as long as one did not indulge too much.

"Well, I'm always happy to see you." Caterina slid a bit closer to Hilda, though she wouldn't encroach in her space without some sort of invitation. "Have you settled back into Parisian life yet?"

"Mm. I think it was easier when I wasn't working, but yes, I'm quite enjoying it." She reached to Caterina and twisted one of her curls around her finger thoughtfully. "You know, I think being a responsible adult suits you."

Caterina chuckled, but she couldn't help but be touched by the compliment and a light blush colored her cheeks. "Thank you." She ducked her head slightly, briefly falling back into old routines.

Hilda half smiled but only quickly, and she let the curl go as she relaxed back against the wall, closing her eyes.

Caterina settled back against the wall as well, though she couldn't bring herself to close her eyes, taking the opportunity to look at Hilda unobserved. And she was doing exactly that when a man she didn't know walked into the baths.

Geoffrey stretched out his shoulders as he walked into the baths, easily finding Hilda and heading toward the pool she was lounging in. An attendant had already undressed him and he smiled at the woman who was clearly staring at his wife as he stepped into the water. "You disappeared rather quickly." And never having been to the club in Paris before, it had taken him longer than he would have liked to find her.

"I rather wanted to get away from M. du Bois; I'm sorry I sacrificed you to him," Hilda said without opening her eyes. The slight smile that came to her face remained there as she opened them. "Well, I suppose this would be the opportune time for you to meet, Geoffrey, Caterina."

Caterina smiled politely. "It's nice to meet you." She had gotten a pretty good view as he walked over, and Geoffrey was every bit as covered in tattoos as she had imagined. What she hadn't been prepared for was just how very... masculine he was. It had always seemed to her that Hilda had liked prettier men.

"You too." Geoffrey nodded. Hilda had told him about Caterina much earlier in their relationship and it was nice to be able to put a face to the name. And it didn't hurt that he could easily picture the two of them together. He turned to kiss Hilda lightly. "I didn't mind. I just got a little lost trying to figure out where you had gone."

"I'm sorry." She moved closer to him on the step and settled against his chest, knowing that his arms wrapped around her that way made a pretty picture--a picture she hoped Caterina would appreciate. "I'm sorry I haven't introduced the two of you sooner, as well."

Caterina demurred as she looked at the two of them, very much enjoying the tableau that Hilda was creating. The contrast between Hilda's pale skin and the colorful ink that covered Geoffrey's was striking.

"Well, it's done now." Geoffrey wasn't one to dwell on the past. In any event, they were all there now, and Hilda's excellent taste in women was confirmed once again. He looked around the room, really taking it in for the first time. "I understand why you would want to spend so much time here. I think this must be the most relaxing place I've seen in quite a while."

"It holds quite a few good memories as well," Hilda murmured, smirking at Caterina. It all blurred together after a time, but she remembered their first real meeting there with crisp clarity.

There was something in Hilda's smirk that made Caterina shiver, as if she knew what Caterina was thinking about. It was entirely possible that she did. "Lots of good memories." She wondered if Geoffrey or Hilda would take it amiss if she started to run her hands over Geoffrey's biceps. There was something about them, something about Hilda in them, that made her fingers itch.

"What is it?" Hilda asked, cocking her head. She could sense the tension in Caterina's shoulders, the growing sense of movement being held back.

Geoffrey looked between the two women, aware that Hilda was seeing something that he wasn't.

Caterina blushed. Though she had gotten out of the habit, there was something about Hilda, the familiarity perhaps, that brought it back. "Oh, nothing." She wasn't sure that Hilda would believe her, but she wasn't sure that Hilda would press her on it either.

"Mm." Hilda closed her eyes once more, forcing herself not to press. "Had you any plans for the night?" she asked Caterina.

"None beyond this bath." Caterina was relieved that Hilda wasn't going to force her to admit to anything, and she was curious about what Hilda might be thinking.

Geoffrey shifted his arms around Hilda, settling her further against his chest. He kissed her neck. "Picking up strays already?"

"Caterina's hardly a stray, darling. And it seems that there's something she wants to do," she replied casually.

Caterina bristled at being called a stray and Hilda's words only calmed her slightly. "I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about."

"Don't you?" Hilda opened her eyes and moved easily away from Geoffrey. As she stood, the pool only reaching underneath her breasts, she put her hands on her hips. "I suppose I shall just have to find out, shan't I?" She stepped close to Caterina and reached out, just letting her fingertips glance the blonde's nipples.

Caterina shivered and swallowed but she didn't say anything. It would take more than a little light teasing and Hilda knew that.

Geoffrey watched obvious with interest. "Let me know if you need any help."

"Oh, you needn't bother yourself," Hilda replied. She didn't mind if Geoffrey watched, though she certainly wasn't doing this for his benefit. It was rather something she thought Caterina would enjoy but demur from asking for. She touched the blonde's nipples in earnest, this time twisting them between her fingertips.

"Hilda," Caterina gasped as she arched into Hilda's touch. "God." She tried to catch her breath, but it was difficult with the way that Hilda was touching her. Still, she couldn't help but steal a glance at Geoffrey, to see what his reaction was.

Geoffrey thought of protesting when Hilda told him that he wasn't necessary, but he decided to wait for a moment. There was no sense in irking Hilda if there was a possibility that things might change.

"Yes, Caterina?" Hilda moved closer and straddled the other woman, hands going to her sides, running her palms down firmly, possessively.

Caterina looked up at Hilda almost pleadingly. If Hilda was really going to do nothing but tease her, this night would be unbearable for any number of reasons. "What do you want?"

"I believe that's what I was asking you," Hilda replied, snaking one of her hands down Caterina's stomach, pressing it, palm down, between her legs.

Caterina moaned and squirmed. It really was useless to try to keep anything from Hilda. Somehow, she had forgotten that, or she had thought that she wasn't susceptible anymore. "I just..." She looked at Geoffrey again before looking back up at Hilda. "I just thought your husband's arms were... attractive."

Geoffrey smirked and chuckled, both at Hilda and the revelation. He'd have been lying if he said he wasn't the least bit vain.

"And you didn't you say so in the first place?" Hilda pressed her hand tighter against Caterina and leaned in to nip at her ear.

Caterina shuddered and shameless pushed into Hilda's hand. "It... isn't exactly polite." There was longing in her eyes.

"We aren't exactly at a dinner party," Hilda replied as she moved away. She knew that look well, and it fueled her own desire. But she calmly went back to Geoffrey, wrapping her arms around his neck. "My darling, it seems my former pet has taken a fancy to you arms. I was wondering if you might do me a little favor..."

"Of course." Geoffrey leaned in for a kiss. "What would you have me do?"

Caterina whimpered when Hilda pulled away from her and whimpered again as she watching Hilda and Geoffrey kiss.

"Hold her, naturally," Hilda replied, her tone suggesting that it was, indeed, the absolute most natural thing and that he might have even thought of it himself.

"Ah." It was where he thought she was going, but he didn't want to make any assumptions. Hilda often managed to surprise him. Geoffrey waded through the water to Caterina, pulling her unprotesting into his arms. He leaned down for long kiss, hoping that Hilda wouldn't mind, before he turned Caterina in his arm where she was facing Hilda. It took only another second to settle her in his lap, her ass brushing against his cock, with his hands around her biceps.

"Mm, is that better?" Hilda asked, arms crossed as she faced Caterina.

"Yes." Caterina said breathlessly. She was pushing back into Geoffrey even as she was trying to pull her arms free, the struggle exciting her almost as much as Hilda was. And Geoffrey's obviously enjoyment only made it worse.

Hilda leaned in to kiss Caterina leisurely, drawing it out as long as she could. "So glad you are being so much more vocal," she replied. It was easy, even after so many years, to slip into the role. But Hilda didn't think Caterina minded, for the night at least.

Geoffrey smirked at Hilda, as he kissed the side of Caterina's neck. Despite her struggles, he was holding her easily. "She's certainly entertaining."

"Oh, you've no idea," Hilda replied, returning his smirk. She pressed her palm between Caterina's legs again before she began to touch her lightly.

Caterina whimpered as she tried to get closer to Hilda. On Geoffrey's lap, her breasts were completely out of the water and her nipples were hard both from the colder air and the stimulation. "Please." Despite wanting to make Hilda happy, Caterina wasn't above dirty tricks and she pressed back against Geoffrey's cock, making him jump.

"Don't think I didn't notice that," Hilda said, withdrawing her touch slightly. "I'm not at all opposed to taking you over my knee."

"God," It had been a while since anyone had even threatened to do so and it amazed her that the idea still affected her so strongly. She smiled a wicked smile at Hilda and tilted her hips backward, pushing herself onto Geoffrey.

"Jesus Christ." Geoffrey left go of Caterina's arms to grab her hips.

Hilda merely raised her eyebrows as she took Caterina's chin firmly between her fingers. "You just earned a whipping, I think," she said even as she was smiling. She stepped back, content to watch.

Geoffrey wasted no time once he realized that Hilda was going to let them continue. He kissed Caterina's neck again, biting down on it lightly as he fucked her. She was moaning and pushing her hips backwards and he was taking full advantage. He let go of her hips with one hand to tug at her nipples.

Caterina didn't care that Hilda would have her whipped for it, she was enjoying herself far too much. And she would enjoy the whipping to, in a way. It was, essentially, what she had been after, though in their previous relationship she would never had been so bold. She could feel her muscles clenching around Geoffrey's cock and she did nothing to stop her orgasm, knowing that if he had managed to come first she would have been left wanting until at least after her whipping, if not longer. She was just starting to calm when Geoffrey pushed up into her, his arms tightening around her. Once he was finished, he turned her in his arms and Caterina put her head on his chest, tracing the tattoo closest to her. She knew it was only a matter of moments before Hilda pulled her away.

Hilda licked her lips as they finished their display. She could feel herself warm more with want than the calming water of the pool, but she didn't want to give Caterina that much time. With a mere nod, two attendants appeared and pulled Caterina out of Geoffrey's arms before they began to dry her. "Have her taken to the whipping post in the main gallery," Hilda said as she got out, extending her hand to Geoffrey.

Geoffrey took her hand as Caterina was lead away. He pulled Hilda close for a minute, kissing her throughly. "I'm beginning to wish you had introduced us earlier." He stood there as the attendants dried them and fetched their clothing.

She shivered against him, staying in his warmth for a moment longer before allowing herself to be dressed. "You certainly brought out the absolute worst in her." She was chuckling lightly. It had been a wonderful display.

Geoffrey laughed. "If I recall correctly, I bring out the worst in you too." He draped an arm around her shoulders as they exited the baths and headed toward the main gallery.

"So says my godfather," she murmured as they entered. She smiled when she saw Caterina tied to the post and an attendant waiting with her whip. A small audience had already gathered, no doubt because it would be rare to see Caterina in such a position then.

"What can I say, I'm a bad influence." He kissed Hilda's temple and slapped her ass as she pulled away from him to go to the stage.

Caterina pulled that the bindings on her hands when she saw Hilda approach, resisting more for show than out of any real fear. Still, a whipping was never something that felt good.

She turned after a step and gave him a withering glare that she knew would do absolutely no good. Had Geoffrey been a slave, he would have been incorrigible, but that wasn't what she needed from him. Hilda stepped up to the dias and took the whip. She took her time about uncurling it, letting Caterina wait a little longer. Finally, she stood in front of Caterina and kissed her forehead before rounding her and laying the first blow.

Caterina cried out and flinched, pulling away even though she knew it wouldn't do any good. She tried to settle herself, but she was only partially successful and everyone in the audience was getting to see quite a spectacle.

Hilda kept her smile to herself, but she was quite pleased with the performance. It had obviously been quite some time since Caterina had been whipped, and she wondered, as she laid the last few blows, if she had indeed been the last person to do it.

Caterina slumped forward as Hilda finished, but managed to pull herself back up, straightening her shoulders despite the pain. It had been longer than she cared to remember since she had been whipped, and the burning across her back was both familiar and not.

Geoffrey had found a perch with a perfect view and smirked through the entire proceeding. Now that it was over, he headed toward the stage.

Before Geoffrey arrived, Hilda stepped in close, placing a kiss on Caterina's shoulder. "I'm proud of you," she whispered, and she was still proud of Caterina, of what she had become even outside of the club. She turned to Geoffrey after handing the whip off to a house slave. "Why don't we take her to our rooms." Geoffrey was very good with his hands, and Hilda knew his touch in taking care of Caterina's welts would be soothing.

Geoffrey nodded. "I think that sounds like a plan." He gently pulled Caterina into his arms and helped her through the hallways, there to catch her if she needed him to. Caterina, however, barely stumbled as they walked through the club and into Hiilda's, well, she supposed that they were now Hilda and Geoffrey's private rooms.

"Gently," Hilda guided her to the bed, urging her to lie face down. "There's salve in there," Hilda said to Geoffrey as she nodded to the bedside table. "Would you mind?" She crawled onto the bed next to Caterina and began to stroke her hair.

Caterina snuggled into Hilda's touch, looking at her through long stands of hair that had fallen in her eyes but that she didn't have the energy to move. Walking back to the rooms had taken more out of her than she realized and she knew that she would be sore the next day.

"Of course not." Geoffrey found the jar of salve and started rubbing it into Caterina's back, feeling each of the welt under his fingers.

"Are you alright?" she asked quietly. Hilda was asking about the moment, but her meaning was also more general. She wasn't completely sure how Caterina had really taken her news of the marriage.

Caterina smiled at Hilda. "I'm fine. Or I will be." The salve was making her back feel better and she was quickly calming down. Geoffrey's fingers were surprisingly soft and they felt wonderful even as he pressed them into her welts, making her hiss and squirm. "And you've got one hell of a husband."

She laughed lightly. "Mm...and one hell of a former pet, it seems." Hilda leaned down and kissed Caterina softly, content in the moment.

"And I have one hell of a wife," Geoffrey chuckled and slapped Caterina's ass before he got off of the bed and rounded it to get to Hilda. "Who I think is quite through being ignored."

"You read my mind." Hilda pursed her lips before smiling as she leaned back against the pillows.

Geoffrey leaned down over Hilda, kissing her lightly. "Did you have any requests?"

"I'm sure you can dream up something," she said softly.

"I'm sure I can." He quickly divested Hilda of her clothing, then ran his hands down her body and back up before turning to Caterina. "Be a good girl and make sure she's ready for me?" He moved away and started rummaging through various drawers, trying to find something. Caterina nodded and slid between Hilda's legs and started licking her, assuming that was what Geoffrey wanted from her.

"Yes," Hilda moaned softly, hands going to Caterina's hair. She couldn't imagine what Geoffrey was trying to find, but she let that slip away as she settled into Caterina's attentions, shifting under her tongue.

Geoffrey came back with a blindfold and a candle. He tied the former around Hilda's head before she could object and sat the latter down on the beside table. Caterina stopped for a second to look up at him, but he pushed her head back down. "You trained her very well."

She squirmed lightly, sensations heightened at the deprivation of her sight. "For all that she remembers of it," Hilda replied, teasing Caterina lightly. She had seen the candle in Geoffrey's hand, and she tensed eagerly as she waited.

Geoffrey struck a match, making sure that Hilda could both hear and smell it. The candle was short and white and he smiled down at Caterina as he held it over Hilda's torso. He placed his free hand back in Caterina hair to keep her focused. It would take a moment before the wax had melted enough to drip and he used the time to carefully consider just where he wanted to start. The first drops of wax landed on one of Hilda's nipples

The sound and smell made Hilda's breath catch, but the sensation of the hot wax touching her skin, drying quickly there, made Hilda moan. She arched into Caterina's touch and dropped her hands to clench to comforter.

Geoffrey left a trail of wax from that nipple to the other, then down between her breasts. He stopped before he got to Caterina's head, but only long enough to pull her out of the way.

"God..." Hilda whimpered, twisting, trying to pull Caterina back.

Geoffrey chuckled and kissed Hilda lightly. "Lie back down. Caterina is going to be waiting at the foot of the bed when I'm done with you and I'm sure she'll be happy to do whatever you like." Geoffrey held the candle over Hilda's clit, letting her feel the heat from the flame before the wax spilled out.

She shuddered in almost violent delight, crying out. Slowly, her climax came, making Hilda curl her toes into the comforter as she moaned, squirming until she finally settled and her breathing slowed.

"Mmm." Geoffrey leaned down and kissed Hilda as he untie the blindfold and pulled it away. Caterina was sitting at the end of the bed, starting at them but carefully not moving.

Hilda crooked her finger and when Caterina came, pulled her into a soft kiss. "Thank you," she said softly. And she turned to Geoffrey, her smile widening. "And I believe you had quite the sort of night you were looking for when we came."

Caterina sighed contently and curled up next to Hilda. "You're welcome."

Geoffrey almost bounced on the bed as he laid down beside Hilda. "I have no idea what you're talking about."

"Mm, I'm certain you don't." Hilda stretched and sat up. "We should be going, though. I'm seeing about a new pony in the morning."

Geoffrey groaned and started peeling wax off of Hilda's skin. "And I was hoping that I might convince you to sleep in."

"Another day, perhaps." Hilda shivered as each piece came off, and when he was done, she slid off of the bed to dress. "And we'll have lunch one day," she said to Caterina, leaning in for a light kiss.

After returning the kiss, Caterina rolled onto her back, wincing slightly before she got up. "Absolutely. Give me a call." Caterina kissed Geoffrey lightly. "It was very nice to meet you. Maybe Hilda will let me push you around next time. If there is a next time." She ran her hands through her hair. "Have a good night." Caterina sauntered toward the door. Her clothing was still down at the baths, or more likely, in her room, but the nudity didn't bother her.