Topless Hurricane Cleanup
byapplevalyan©

Everyone knows of the three hurricanes and one tropical storm that hit Florida in the summer of 2004. Valerie and I had damage like millions of other people, but we got off easy compared to thousands of others. I had a few limbs down and one tree split in half in the backyard. I was lucky in one respect; I only lost electricity for four hours total! But I lost cable TV for four days. Hurricane Charley was the storm that brought that tree down in my backyard and was there a month before my friends and I got around to getting it cut up and out of my yard and pool. My friends all had worst damage to their houses than I did so we got together and fixed theirs first.

When we got together at my house that Saturday it was hot and humid. We first got the big limb out of the pool. We got it out and cut it up and Valerie started cleaning the pool in her bikini. She has become such a tease since the night of the poker game. She makes the best of any situation to show off her body now. Her everyday clothing has become smaller, tighter, shorter, and thinner. She also walks around the house naked a lot more than she use to.

Chad, Steve, and Larry were here; they had seen Valerie naked that night of the game and Valerie gave them big hugs when they arrived. Larry's brother Danny was also helping us. This is the first time Val or I have met him but Larry had told me he told Danny about the night of the game. Danny was a real nice guy. He actually took vacation time from his job in Denver to come down and help his brother.

We were all hot and sweaty. We had taken off out shirts and wore shoes and shorts only. Valerie played hostess in her bikini keeping the cold beverages coming. Valerie had finished the pool and was busy dragging the smaller limbs from the backyard to the street curb. I don't know how Val did it but she claims one of the branches got hung on her top and as she tossed it, braking one of her back tie straps. She returned to the backyard holding her top in place. Steve was the first to notice and asked Valerie if she was planning on joining us topless. She snapped back at him, "No you ass-hole, my top just broke." But then I saw her smile as she said, "But if I can't get it fixed, I may have to go topless. Would it bother anyone?"

Everybody said 'No' but me. I said, "Yes it would bother me!" Everybody started at me. " How do you expect anybody to get any work done if we are all walking around here with hard-ons?" Everybody broke out laughing including Valerie.

Then she asked. "Well should I?" We all nodded, so she hung her bikini top by the back door and remained topless the rest of the afternoon, but she didn't take anything to the curb anymore. I noticed her nipples were hard all afternoon. I even grabbed her tits a few times in front of the guys. She didn't once tell me to stop, so I kept teasing her. I'm glad we have a 6-foot wooden fence around our yard. We put it up last summer so Val could lie around the pool and not worry about nosy neighbors.

We finally finished getting that tree down and out of my backyard. Valerie had made a bunch of sandwiches and put then near the pool before she jumped in. She said the water felt great and for everyone to jump in. Well, that's what we did and I almost jump on her. I came up behind her and grabbed both tits; she leaned her head back and moaned as she kissed me. Finally Larry told me to cut it out and leave her alone since they couldn't touch. I looked at Val and winked then said, "Who said you could touch? As long as she OK with it, go ahead and fill her tits up. Just keep the hands above the waist."

This was a new step for us. No one but me has touched those breast. I asked Val if she was all right with it. She just smiled and gave me a big hug and kiss. Then she leaned against the edge of the pool and asked who was first. Larry just happened to be the nearest. I just loved the look in Val's eyes and on her face as each guy felt her tits up. She was absolutely enjoying the felling. Valerie enjoyed being the center of attention the rest of the afternoon.

Once while she was talking to Danny, I got behind her and squeezed those tits as Danny stood two feet away and watched. I then slid my hands down to her hips and pulled her back against my ragging hard-on. I whispered in her ear that I could fuck her right then and there. She just moaned and pushed back against me. She told me later that if I had tried she wouldn't have stopped me. I then reached around and grabbed her pussy. She moaned again and put her hands on mine and pushed harder. Then I felt her begin to shake, she was having an orgasm in middle of the pool just 2 feet away from a man we just meet this morning. She turned in my arms and gave me a kiss saying he loved me.

I had my hands on her hips as we kissed, when I noticed the stings of her bikini bottom at my fingers. I just took hold and pulled. Val's eyes opened wide, she smiled and stepped back leaving me with her bottom. She was now naked. Chad was out of the pool getting a sandwich. I hollered to him and tossed him the bottoms, asking him to put them next to the top.

Valerie then climbed out of the pool and walked the long way around the pool to the food table. She got her a sandwich and a drink and got in a lounge chair. Everybody was watching her and she was eating it up. Valerie called me up to her a few minutes later. She was sitting on the edge of the chair when I got there. She quickly reached up and pulled down my shorts and put her foot on them. I heard laughter from behind me as Val told me to step out of them because she wanted me naked too. I stepped out and jumped back in the pool. Then I heard Valerie tell everyone that if they wanted her to remain naked, they had to be naked too. I then heard Larry ask if she would take his off for him. She said she would be glad to take everybody's shorts off if they came and stood in front of her. All the guys started walking towards Valerie. In less than two minutes, all four guys were standing naked in front of my wife and all of them with boners. According to Valerie, I am the only man she has ever seen naked, and she was giving these hard dicks in front of her a good look. I guess comparing mine to theirs. So I was sort of surprised Val didn't reach out and grab on to a couple. She said she was about to when the thunder started.

No one had seen the black thunder storm cloud building to the west. We quickly picked up the food and drinks and went inside. Valerie was the only one to remain naked as we went inside just a minute before the rain started. We sat in the kitchen and talked until the rain quit. Val gave all the guys a hug naked before they left and thanked them for coming over. It was just getting dark as they all left together. As the door shut, Valerie quickly grabbed my hand and led me to the middle of the livingroom floor right in front of the window, turning on the lights along the way. She got on her knees and pulled down my shorts and had my dick in her mouth in no time flat.

If you read the story about the poker game, we had sex on the floor before we realized that the guys had probably seen us from the front window. Valerie said that maybe we could do it again but get closer to the window next time. I didn't know if she was joking or not when she made that statement, but apparently she wasn't.

Val was swallowing my dick whole. I glanced towards the window and could just make out four figures standing there. She then got me on the floor with my feet towards the window; she turned her back to the window as she straddled me. She took my hard dick in her had and lowered herself onto it. Once I was deep inside she leaned forward kissing me and giving the guys an unobstructed view of my dick in my wife's pussy. She was putting on one hell of a show for her audience. She wanted them to see everything. As I started to shoot my load, she got off of me and turn to the side so they could see her lick my cum off my cock. She was acting like slut tonight and I loved her for it.

We then heard Larry's truck start. She looked at me smiling and said that she hoped they enjoyed the show. I told her I had a feeling they did and told her to follow me. We walked naked out front to the window. I was right, there were blobs of cum on front of the house. Valerie started laughing. I told her she would have to clean it off because I wasn't touching it. She said she would be glad to. When she reached for it, I stopped her and told her to clean it tomorrow. I wasn't finished with her tonight yet!
