The Fundraiser
by AllieNF

The Nude Fundraiser: Part 14- The Science Class

As Jenna settled into her desk in Mrs. Apgar’s class, she was content. Maybe she was feeling what passed for happy today. She wasn’t late. The teacher wasn’t being mean or creepy. The best part was Lauren wasn’t in this class. She was free of her captor, at least for this period. The only thing that brought her any kind of twinge of negativity was that Kate was in this class. Kate, the captain of the cheerleading squad with Lauren.

Jenna looked back at Kate who was quietly talking with another cheerleader, a junior girl named Rita. Neither girl seemed to take any interest whatsoever in Jenna, so her happiness returned.

Roger, the quiet loner from the bus was also in this class, as was Ezra from homeroom, but neither one of them mattered. The only other student that Jenna cared about in this class was Carly. …and Carly wasn’t here.

Mrs. Apgar noticed the girl was missing as well. A glance at Jenna and the two made eye contact. It was clear neither knew, but it was too early to be very worried.

Jenna pulled out her phone to send a message to Carly and check on her as Mrs. Apgar began teaching.

“Class, as you know I like using current events in my teaching. It’s not often that we get a grand opportunity within our own school’s activities to explore some of the scientific concepts we’re in the middle of studying. …But as we are discussing psychology and mental/emotional health, I thought today and Monday might be a good day to talk about the Drama Club Fundraiser and how it is making you feel, why it will ultimately work and what that says about us.”

Ezra, who was so eager to see the girls take their tops off in homeroom raised his hand and was acknowledged.

“Mrs. Apgar, we ain’t calling it the fundraiser anymore. It’s the Fa-nude-raiser.” His comment brought howls of laughter throughout the class. “It’s fundraiser but we took the word Fund and turned it into nude and then put the F back cause it’s more Fun in da nude.” The class roared with laughter again.

Jenna not laughing. Jenna was impatiently looking at her phone waiting for a response from Carly.

“Well, Mr. Plurbus, I think we can definitely add that factoid to the discussion. I think there’s a great conversation to be had about reactions. I think there’s a lot of different reactions to be had to this whole ordeal, and lots of different groups of people who will respond differently. Say, you, Mr. Plurbus…you’re just a regular student, a male, a senior. You’re not participating. Your reaction is going to be very different than Ms. Jenkins…a regular student, a female, a senior who is participating. Or… for that matter, Ms. Meyers over there,” Mrs. Apgar gestured to Hannah Meyers, a brown-haired girl sitting near the windows. She’s a regular student, a female, a senior who isn’t participating.”

The class looked over at Hannah.

“On a scale of 1 to 10, Ms. Meyers, how excited are you about Monday’s…” Mrs. Apgar paused and then tried it out… “Monday’s fa-nude-raiser?”

“Honestly,” the student said, “Maybe a 2. I think it’s kind of silly, stupid, and I think it’s going to be a big distraction for a full school day.”

“Good response. I think there’s a great deal of people who feel that way, other teachers and students.” Mrs. Apgar turned her attention back to
Ezra, “Mr. Fa-Nude-Raiser… I doubt I really have to ask, but what is your level of excitement, 1 to 10 for Monday?”

“10. Absolutely. Can’t wait. Titties!” Answered the boy, looking around the room working up a reaction that was more tepid than he expected, but still a low uproar.

“And Ms. Jenkins…” the teacher turned to her pupil, “how excited are you?”

Looking up from her phone, not completely out of the conversation. She knew the question and heard the responses…Jenna just wasn’t processing at the same speed right now.

“I’m not excited for it.” Jenna finally said.

This led to a small murmur among the class.

“Care to expound on that?” Mrs. Apgar smiled as she asked.

“Okay… yes.” Jenna relaxed back into a conversational comport, and spoke clearly. “I don’t want to do it…or I didn’t. I didn’t want to do it. I…I think it’s demeaning. And I think boys like Ezra who are way too excited or some boys and girls who are mean to other kids… I think kids like that are going to make this a really hard thing for us Drama kids to do. I’ve seen it today. I’ve seen it from teachers and students who are making it a chance to insult, and degrade us. …and all we want to do is be students and do our show. But we can’t. We are… it’s not like we decided as Drama kids that we were going to do this. This was… it was a decision that was made for us…because we need the funds to do the show. We didn’t get to choose to do it…it’s just something we have to do. …And a lot of us are just like, okay we have to do it. Imagine how the football team might feel if they were told they had to get naked all day in school or you can’t have a season. Or the cheerleaders get told they have to be naked in school in order to do competitions. I bet you people would feel different and act different towards us if they felt that pressure too. …and trust me, if this works, if this fundraiser makes money…you other clubs are going see it too. And…trust me. Every ounce of insult and humiliation I feel on Monday…I may pay back to any other organization that finds themselves in the same predicament. We’re going to be first…and I promise it’s going to be worse than anyone can really imagine…but also, any fundraiser like this that happens after will not be as bad. We’ll be first and we’ll be worst…and we’ll never get the credit or thanks for that. I’m not excited about it. I’m scared to death. …and it’s made me do stupid things today. Stupid things that have gotten me in trouble, just because I’m trying to prepare mentally to be…exposed in front of everybody. I’m not excited for Monday. I’ve been fighting since yesterday because I didn’t want to do it…but now… after a lot of things have happened today. Now, I really do want to do it. I want to do it to prove that I can, to prove that I’m strong. Cause…I…I don’t think a lot of kids here realize how hard it is to get up onstage and do what we do. …but when they see us overcoming the fear and humiliation on Monday, they’ll know we’re a tough bunch and takes a lot of bravery to do what we do. I want to do it on Monday now because, we’re the only the ones who can. I want to do it because we didn’t have a choice and I want people to see us holding our heads high. That’s what I want. I want to do it. …but there’s not one single bone in my body that’s actually excited about it.”

“I got an excited bone you can stick in your body!” one of the male students yelled…only a few of the kids laughed.

Jenna just hung her head in disgust. Mrs. Apgar patted her shoulder.

“So, you see you don’t all feel the same way.” The teacher offered to the class.

“Mrs. Apgar,” Hannah Meyers meekly raised a question, “How do you feel about it?”

“Thank you for asking Hannah,” she said. “I’m very nervous for the kids who have to do it. I think many of them have shown great bravery
throughout the day today, and I’m very nervous about what they’ll have to put up with on Monday. I don’ think any of you students…anyone your ages should have to go through something like it. …but I think strong students like Jenna will be able to do it because they have too.”

Jenna looked up at her teacher. She was emotionally raw from her speech and still nervous and worried…when she received a text message from Carly. “Sorry. Got signed out early for a dentist appointment.”

Jenna deflated in relief and frustration and…to be honest, a little laughter too.

She chuckled a little and gave Mrs. Apgar a thumbs up.

Science class was turning out to be a breeze, more or less. Jenna hoped that trend could continue through pep rally next period, but somehow she knew it wouldn't.

She looked back at the two cheerleaders, Kate and Rita, which made her feel better. She still wasn't the center of their attention. ...But she knew that could change easily in the air of the football field.

The minutes of the science class, where Jenna felt comfortable and almost happy, were far too short. They ticked away far too quickly...and then the bell rang. It was time for the pep rally... it was showtime... and Jenna wondered, who would be the show: Her or Lauren?


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 15- The Pep Rally

Jenna stopped briefly at her locker before heading to the football field. She hadn’t really had time to get there all day, but so far it hadn’t mattered. She kept most of her books in her bag, but now she was emptying that. Unsure of what would happen, she decided it would be best to just have whatever she could carry. For safety reasons…she even put her phone in her locker. All she had, as she closed the door and locked it, was what she was wearing a white shirt missing one button, her tan skirt, two mismatched ankle socks, and her sneakers. She took a deep breath and headed for the football field with the mass of other students on the same pilgrimage to the pep rally.

Most of the kids preferred the indoor pep rallies. Pretty much any pep rally past October and before May was held in the gym due to weather. Being the second Friday of school in early September, outside was the way to go. It was bright, sunny with just a hint of cool breeze making the students realize the if summer weren’t truly over, it was probably soon ending.

Jenna wasn’t uncomfortable in her outfit, not from a weather perspective. She wasn’t really uncomfortable in this outfit unless Lauren was there. Lauren who had tormented her several times throughout the day and had forced her to display her body to other students most notably in her history class. Lauren would be at the pep rally.

…but the pep rally was where Jenna had planned to get back at Lauren. That plan was already in motion. Having switched phones, Lauren’s one ineffective attempt of keeping control of Jenna when they weren’t together, Jenna had found a way to interact with the principal, the cheer coach, and the other cheerleaders as Lauren. The ability for Jenna to do that was aided by Lauren’s own boyfriend Jacob, a fellow drama student with Jenna. The fake Lauren had initiated a plan to have the cheerleaders perform the pep rally in only their underwear, sending the request to do so to the coach through the principal, so the cheerleaders wouldn’t know where it really came from. Somehow Lauren had gotten Principal McGuffin under her thumb to the point that this whole pep rally was really her idea and her intent was to expose Jenna’s whole student body to the entire school. In return for having the pep rally, Lauren was supposed to have Jenna tossed in a dumpster so she would be dirty while she was exposed under the orders of the principal.

Lucky for Jenna, the getting tossed in the dumpster fell apart…or had so far. Her walk to the football field included her keeping an eye out for enemies… but also for allies. She had found Mike and Dennis from the bus, both kids she’d known for years and would call friends. They may not have been a trio that would traditionally be seen together, but she felt comfortable with them now as the entered the field.

Jenna knew not to look for Carly, but she kept her eyes out for Sarah, the Freshman she’d come to befriend during the day.

Along the way, she bumped in Ezra, from her homeroom and science class. He was another student she’d know forever. While she wouldn’t necessarily consider him a friend, they were more than just acquaintances. They weren’t inviting each other to parties, but were able to have conversations and laughs when they were together.

Surrounded by the three boys, Jenna felt a little more comfortable.

She saw Sarah, but she was too far away. Sarah, the little freshman drama club girl with the blonde hair in a pixie cut, was seated with people Jenna hoped were friends. She looked uncomfortable. Jenna hadn’t had contact with her since lunch and was nervous how things had been. Sarah was a brave girl, but still nervous about the upcoming fundraiser. She wasn’t processing it as well as Jenna was, maybe. Where Jenna had been driven to acts of stupidity (not wearing panties or a bra to school,) which led to more difficult things (Lauren’s continued dominance and blackmail,) Sarah had been drive to acts of madness (pulling off her leggings in her homeroom,) in order to prove herself. … Jenna wondered what other events had transpired today for the poor freshman obviously flailing for acceptance in a new place.

Jenna decided she’d keep an eye on the girl from a far, but not too far. She motioned her trio of boys to sit down here towards the edge of a row on the bleachers about a third of the way down the length of the metal seating area. They were about halfway up and the boys agreed this would be fine.

Roger, the loner, who road the bus with Jenna and the other two, ended up sitting right behind them. He had shared some classes with Jenna and been in homeroom with her. Of the four boys in her proximity, he was the only one she knew beyond a doubt had seen what she was wearing under her shirt and skirt. He turned and smiled at her, but said nothing. She smiled back and brushed her skirt to make sure everything was covered.

Jenna looked around and saw Jacob and the other football players assembled on the field. Coach Morgan was with them giving them some instructions. Some of the team members were wearing their jerseys. Jacob had his helmet again.

Mr. Dirklin and the pep band were set up and playing the fight song on repeat until things began.

The photography students were out and about on the field and in the bleachers as well. Mrs. Lynn always liked to have her students participate in these events by getting pictures. Jenna was sure it was helpful for the students, but she couldn’t help but feel a little awkward around anyone with a camera today after what happened in Mr. Elba’s drama class. She saw Rayna and DeShawn, two of the four she had interactions with during that class. They were still close to each other. She spotted the other two apart from them and on an opposite side.

The teachers, Jenna noted were spread out amongst the crowded mass of students. She could easily find grumpy Mr. Riley from her English Class and Mr. Morris her math teacher (this would have been Jenna’s class with him if it weren’t for the pep rally.) She found Mr. Gunderson her history teacher who HAD to know something was going on during that class but didn’t say a word. She saw Ms. Carol and Mrs. Apgar speaking together at the corner of a different section on the bleachers.

Looking out at the field again, she witnessed Mr. Elba and Mr. Cranston from the technologies department putting what were most likely the final touches on the equipment set-up for today’s event. McGuffin, the pervy principal who may still be wearing Sarah’s panties under his outfit, was walking out towards them.

The one group of people Jenna didn’t see was the cheerleaders. She didn’t see Lauren. She didn’t see Kate. She didn’t see Julia or Rita or any of the other girls. …but maybe they were in the locker room getting dressed…or getting undressed. Their absence was easily explainable, but it made Jenna nervous all the same. The cheerleaders were the lynchpin to both Lauren’s plan and Jenna’s plan…and if either plan was going to play out, the actions of the cheerleaders would be the first indication of which.

What made things more nerve-wracking for Jenna, the Cheerleaders are usually out on the field at this point doing spot cheers and whipping the audience up. Now, all that the students had as a prelude was the pep band playing the fight song.

The music came to a close and principal McGuffin started to speak into a microphone at a podium on the field.

“Teachers, students, faculty and staff of Kentucky Central High School, Welcome to the pep rally!”

There was a little cheer… Pep rallies were always a slow start for the Students of Kentucky Central High. The students did care about the sports program, but there was a ton of apathy for the concept of pep rallies. Was there a need for the students to affirm the football players? In the end, that’s all it was. Sure, the band played and the cheerleaders cheered. They’d get some applause and thanks, but for the better part of an hour, the students would be continually asked to get loud and get louder for the football team. Was the drive to win a game and up their stats for college recruiters and scholarships not enough to fill their tanks? Was the roar of the crowd during a game, which was only maybe a quarter full with students and three quarters full with family, community and alumni, not enough to keep them going? Did the football team really need the forced cheers of their contemporaries to play a better game? Was there something deeper being taught by making students respond to a “charismatic” leader over something that really had no stake on their life? … Jenna didn’t really care. This was all a show she wished was already over.

“Lets all give a cheer for the Fighting Chickens of Kentucky Central High!”

The crowd of students actually roared a little louder this time… the football team coaxing the cheers.

“And let’s hear a boo for the Pinging Meters of East Kentucky Gifted!”

A smaller roar of boos coaxed by the football team could be heard. Jenna even booed lightly. Mostly she always hated that East Kentucky School for the Gifted thought they were clever. They shortened their name to East Kentucky Gifted on most of their merchandise and uniforms so they would EKG…and then changed their mascot from Albert Einstein to a heart monitor. That struck fear in absolutely zero hearts…but then again, they only had a sports program for the money. It didn’t ever win games.

“Last year’s game was a bust due to Covid. The year before that, they held home field advantage, so it was a travel game for us. They forfeited before the game started because they didn’t even have enough players for their starting line-up. The year before that, their poor performance invoked the slaughter rule when we had scored our seventh touchdown in the first quarter. We all know we’re going to win tonight!”

He paused for a cheer and as it subsided a male voice from somewhere in the crowd shouted “Bring out the cheerleaders.”

Jenna grabbed Mike’s hand and looked at him, “Start a chant. Cheer. Cheer. Cheer.”

Mike was confused, but game. With a balled fist he started chanting. “Cheer. Cheer. Cheer. Cheer.”

The other boys joined in and even though McGuffin had started talking again Jenna couldn’t hear what he said. The chant had started to take hold and most of the crowd was calling out for the cheerleaders, Jenna included.

Mr. McGuffin quieted them down. “Listen students, the cheerleaders will be out in a minute with a special performance I’m told. They needed a few minutes to prepare. As soon as they’re ready…”

With that phrase Coach Baxter ran onto the field from the locker room… “Sounds like you all are ready! Come on out girls!” She was yelling and could be heard by a good portion of the crowd. She’d learned how to project her voice well…but it wasn’t perfect and not everyone could hear…

As the team started to burst out of the locker room, Coach Baxter headed for the podium.

Jenna didn’t care about where the coach was, however, she was more concerned with what the girls were wearing. They were in their uniforms…all of them. Even Lauren. What was different about Lauren, however, is that her hands were tied and she was being led to the front by Kate and Rita.

Coach Baxter fought the microphone from Mr. McGuffin. Fought was not too strong a term. He was less than willing to give it up. The Cheerleading coach addressed the audience. “Students, Thank You for your love of my cheerleading squad! We heard you and we are here for you.”

There was a good cheer from the crowd at that.

“We thank you for your patience. We had an internal matter to deal with. A matter that involves not one but two perverted and vindictive people up here in front of you today.”

There were gasps from the crowd and a few claps. Jenna noticed that Julia was now behind Mr. McGuffin and he definitely didn’t look too happy.

“First one of our Cheerleaders has been very naughty all day. She has been mean towards a fellow student, as some of you have no doubt witnessed. I myself, saw this bad behavior in the lunch room. Our cheerleader Lauren Wasnotski forced another student to stand bottomless in the middle of the cafeteria.”

Very audible gasps from the crowd. Jenna now knew she was not unseen in the cafeteria when they traded back phones.

“What’s worse is that this student conspired with our beloved principal Mr. McGuffin, to have our entire cheerleading team debase themselves in front of all of you, not unlike the Drama Club will on Monday!”

The murmur in the crowd was non-distinct. Jenna couldn’t tell if it was positive or negative.

…For Jenna’s part, she knew exactly how to react. She was feeling fucking euphoric. Sure, Coach Baxter had just insulted the Drama Club which kinda sucked but was on brand for the cheer coach.

On the other hand, Jenna was in the positive column for two reasons.

First Coach Baxter had not outed Jenna by name, which was good. Yes, plenty of students knew, but not everyone.

The second positive was that Jenna’s final text as Lauren seemed to do the trick. As she ventured to the bathroom before the phone exchange, fake Lauren sent a text to the cheerleading group that was obviously meant for the principal. “MG, I said cheerleaders naked not in panties and bra. You have to help me show those cheer bitches I’m the top of that food chain.”

When Jenna hit send, she knew it was a gamble, but it seems to have played out just fine. The cheerleaders discovered Lauren was the force behind their proposed humiliation and the principal was a willing participant.

Lauren, of course, having no sim card in her phone and having had the passcode changed and all the messages deleted, was unable to see or hear what was going on…and the other squad members no longer involved her in their planning. No doubt when they confronted her in the locker room, she denied everything.

Suddenly, they were no longer interested in humiliating Jenna Jenkins since they were about to become Lauren’s victims as well.

“Our Plan,” Coach Baxter continued, “Is to force Ms. Wasnotski to do for you what she intended the rest of to do. …perform today’s cheer in the nude.”


There was a great cheer from the crowd, mostly the guys, but they were very vocal.

The coach shouted a command off the microphone to Kate and Rita. It wasn’t meant for the audience, but Jenna and others could hear her tell them “Strip her.”

There was a murmur through the crowd. Teachers and staff didn’t know how to respond, many turned their gaze to McGuffin who wasn’t at all sure how things were going to go…but he knew enough to let it happen, to pull the focus away from him. He gave a let it go gesture to those who were looking his way. With shocked and uneasy faces, they all did. Turning to watch and not to stop.

Kate and Rita were not nice about it. It was rough. Other cheerleaders stood close by to make sure there were no hassles from their captive.

Laurens hands were untied. She looked like she wanted to fight or run, but realized it was impossible. She still struggled as the other two seniors pulled off the redhead’s top. They wiggled it from side to side as they lifted it over her head banging her arms against her. Tossing it onto the field.

They didn’t bother to undo her bra, just grabbing it and pulling. Lauren’s 36D breasts flopped down after being pulled up during removal. Exposed for all to see, she had tiny areola’s if you were close enough and her nipples were ugly and pointed. Lauren tried to cover her breasts with her arms, as two of the other cheerleaders stepped in to grab her hands.

Kate and Rita went in for the skirt and panties, pulling them both down together and pushing Lauren out of them exposing her unkempt red-haired bush covering what everyone assumed were meaty pussy lips.

The guys in the audience continued to cheer. Jenna tried to hide her smile, one of pride and happiness to have won against her abuser.

“We’ll leave her shoes on for the cheer.” Coach Baxter called into the microphone and motioned to Mr. Morgan to start the music. While he worked on getting the music playing, she had one more thing to say, “Now, Lauren, you better give this cheer 110% or that’s going to be your outfit for tonight’s game as well.”

As the beats to the song overtook the sound system, the cheerleaders dropped Lauren’s arms and took their positions to perform. Lauren did as she was instructed…and performed 110% percent. The entire routine her breasts were bouncing. She did the splits and jumps as required. Each one garnering thunderous applause.

…and at each one Jenna thought she could see tears on Lauren’s face. She almost had feelings of remorse, but her compassion ended quickly as she remembered not only what had been done to her, but what Lauren had planned to do to her. …and Jenna remembered that she didn’t know everything that had been done either. There was the question of the text messages that were missing. Sent pictures that may need to explained to friends and family in the coming days and weeks. …So, Jenna just sat there and watched her tormenter get humiliated in front of the entire school.

Ezra, leaned in to Jenna, and whispered in her ear. “That’s gonna be you on Monday.”

In a way that made Jenna smile as the routine ended. It would in fact be her on Monday. It would be her and Jacob and Carly and Sarah and so many others. It would be her, but she would not be alone.

Jenna leaned back to Ezra, “Hey, when this is done, start a chant…’show us your panties McG.’”

Ezra looked confused, but shrugged it off. “Okay.”

And so it was, by the time the applause and shouting for the routine was done, a chant was growing throughout the audience. “Show us panties McG.” It had changed a little, but Jenna knew it would get the point across.

Lauren was naked on the field in her shoes and socks at the end of the cheer. She was trying to cover herself and no one was stopping her now.

Coach Baxter let the chant roll for a minute. The cheerleaders looked as confused as she was. She turned to principal McGuffin and put the mic up to speak. “I think the students have chosen what they want to happen to you, for your part in this evil plan,” she said to her boss.

Angrily and defiantly, he stepped forward already undoing his pants. Before he could take them down, Julia stopped him and helped him out of his jacket. She just kind of sensed what needed to happen in this moment.

As his hands went to lower his trousers, Julia grabbed the hem of his shirt and lifted it so that it didn’t cover what needed to be seen…

And there they were, Sarah’s panties still on his body. Tight around his waist and pressing into his skin. His cock no longer inside the panties, but pushed through the leg hole and completely visible to those close enough.

The crowd burst in laughter. Jenna finally noticed all the phones out taking pictures. She was certain they were there during Lauren’s cheerleading routine. Videos and pictures would be all over the internet tonight and this show, both Lauren and Mr. McGuffin would be far more interesting than any pics or videos taken of Jenna earlier.

The photography classes were doing their job as well. Flashes were going off. Lenses were being changed. The kids were angling for better positions. Jenna thought that this moment may make it into the yearbook, and no one would know what part she played in it.

She looked over at Sarah, who was beaming with pride. Jenna could almost hear her say “those are my panties.”

The teachers were trying to settle things down. One of the assistant principals stepped up to rescue the Microphone from coach Baxter and free their boss from his humiliation.

Jenna looked down on the field and saw Lauren and Jacob, there was obviously a disagreement between the two. He tried to give her his shirt, but she refused and stormed off to the locker room. He tossed his helmet angrily at the fence.

Jenna wasn’t completely proud of that, but it was the final part of this plan. She was hoping to create some discord between the two primarily as a way to unsettle Lauren, but after Jacob set the tone with the photo shoot in drama class, Jenna hard started to hope the trajectory would go this way. Once she had taken the sim card and isolated the two of them, since she knew they had no classes together, Jenna was almost certain the picture would create Lauren to stew more over his actions and the fact that she knew he gave her the passcode for the phone. This was the last little time bomb, exploding at the perfect time.

There was no bell that afternoon. The students weren’t even officially dismissed. The chaos just led to a disbursal and soon the teachers and junior administrators couldn’t stop it. The students were making their way to their buses and cars.

Jenna grabbed Ezra’s arm, “did you drive today?”

“Yeah,” he said.

“Can you drive me home?” She asked.

“Sure,” he happily responded. “You can tell me how to get into Drama Club.”

She laughed. “Let me get my phone from locker.”

He followed her and they both trotted off towards her locker.

It had been a huge day for Jenna. She had been through a million different emotions and she wasn’t sure what was going to come next.

As they walked, she passed Sarah. Jenna gave her a pat on her ass and a winking smile. Sarah reacted with a happy giggle.

When Jenna got to her locker, Ezra went to his briefly, leaving her alone. She got her phone and dug Lauren’s sim card out of her bag while she packed it for the weekend.

As she stood up to walk to Ezra, closing her locker, she saw Jacob across the hall. Jenna walked to him…and put the sim card in his hand.

“There are some parts of today I’m sorry about. I hope this helps.” She said, looking him in the eye.

As Jacob realized what it was, Jenna walked away. More would come from this, she knew it. …but after today, she figured she could handle whatever came next.

Jenna joined back up with Ezra and the two left the school.

She wasn’t coming back for the game. She had no reason to be there over the weekend. The next time she would enter would be Monday Morning…and at that point she’d have to be naked. Jenna took a deep breath and smiled as she thought in her head, she could handle that too.


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 16- The Family Chat

Her ride home with Ezra was pleasant and stress-free. She didn’t really think he was going to join the Drama Club, but she answered all his questions. Despite all the goings on during the day, she realized he had never gotten a free preview, so she took her skirt off quietly in the car, and when she got out, left it there as a gift. He almost didn’t notice, but got a glimpse…just enough to encourage him to pull over a few minutes later and relieve some pressure. Jenna didn’t know that happened, but would have been pleased at it.

Shortly before dinner, her parents knew. They knew about the fundraiser because of the district-wide text and email that went out around 6pm. It had a link to the website which explained everything…and showed almost everything.

While her parents learned about it all, Jenna explored the link herself just to see the pictures of her…and Sarah and Carly. Jenna’s pictures left nothing to the imagination. One of the four photographers had gotten shots of her before she was guarded enough to protect herself. She was absolutely all on display. The pictures were not locked, Jenna noted and could be saved and re-shared by anyone. This saddened her because of what it might mean when her college of choice found out… but there’s nothing she could do about it now.

The pictures of Sarah and Carly were only a little more modest. The lab coats had done a good job of hiding certain features, but the photographers were good enough and sneaky enough to get the girl’s special parts in view. There was not one single picture of either of them that showed both breasts and pussy, but their breasts and pussies were visible in some of the photos. Both of the girls really looked like they were trying to hide things, which Jenna was happy about. More to the point, Carly’s eyes were looking left in a lot of her photos, as if she were looking back to Sarah waiting. …and Sarah’s eyes were looking right in many of her shots, as if she were looking off at Carly.

When Jenna’s parent had processed the information about the fundraiser from the website and saw the pictures of Jenna, it was time for dinner and dinner was when they usually had a family chat.

She’d always been open with her parents. He relationship with them was one of respect and love. They were supportive of her endeavors. They helped out and participated when necessary. How many recitals and ballets had her mom been backstage for? How many times had she helped sew costumes? Her dad had been building sets for her at every school she ever attended. These were not helicopter parents. They were solid parents who cared and supported their only child through everything she needed. They let her build her own life and follow her own dreams. They knew that she’d already gotten into the college of her choice and that nailing a top role in the spring musical was the lynchpin to a full ride scholarship. Like Jenna had understood, they too knew the musical had to happen.

…but never in a million years did they think it would come to this. No parent imagines that their high school aged child will need to parade their naked bodies in front of their entire school in order to make their dreams come true. Good parents, they thought, don’t create roadblocks.

Jenna, who had taken a posture of shame while she sat at the table, barely touching her food. The clanking of silverware on plates was quiet in reality, spaced apart by distance and fear…but in her head it was deafening.

They had spoken. Her parents had already talked to one another, but not yet to Jenna.

They asked her to explain the fundraiser to them, in her words.

Her words included the old chestnuts naked and nude, preceded by the classic phrases “I’ll be” and “while I am.” …Saying it out loud to her parents drove it home to Jenna in a way that she hadn’t quite fathomed. The vast unknown of “I’ll be naked in school all day on Monday,” had started to sink in…but Jenna tried to hold it back. They had to agree to it. Her future depended on it.

When she finished, the parents of Jenna Jenkins looked at each other and then to their beautiful daughter and asked how could they help?

She was surprised that they weren’t judging her…or this idea. They seemed to understand what doing the show meant to her and to the school. It didn’t mean they liked the idea…but it didn’t mean they were going to stop her or stop it. They wanted to help.

How could they help?

“I don’t know.” Was Jenna’s response.

“Have a lot of people seen you naked before, honey?” Her mother asked. “…Before the pictures.”

“No. Not really.” Said Jenna, which was mostly true. While she had been much more visible during the recently ended school day, she had always had something on. The photo shoot was the least, but even then, she still had her socks on. She felt comfortable with No. It wasn’t a lie.

“How many, dear?” Her father quietly inquired…but paused… “Before… before the… the pictures…today. How many?” The moment of silence this created forced him to rethink his plan. He stammered a bit as he backtracked by saying “It’s curiosity more than anything, I suppose. You don’t have to answer it if you don’t want too.”

“It’s okay dad,” was Jenna’s response. “Four. Livie and Kenzie during a sleepover. That boy I dated over the summer, Max…and Mom.” Again, avoiding the conversation that spoke of her actions and the “self-inflicted” humiliation that Lauren had supervised.

“…and your doctor.” Added her mother, Alexandra.

“Yeah, I guess him to.” Jenna agreed. Eager to avoid the conversation of what she and Max had gotten into over the summer that led to her being naked for him. That conversation would probably end up being another time, and most likely involved deeper probing questions where they would learn that he was naked too and condoms were involved.

“On a scale of 1 to 10, how nervous are you?” George Jenkins probed further. “10 being the most nervous, of course.”

Jenna thought for a moment. She had too. That answer would be different now than it would have been last night when they should have had this talk. Last night she hadn’t been partially naked in front of a lot of people, but she’d worn bikinis at the beach and pool parties. She’d been in just her underwear at a ton of sleepovers…and then less for that one with Kenzie and Livie... All those years dancing in tights, bodysuits and leotards…it’s not like people haven’t had a chance to see her body and watch her develop…But being in tight clothes and being out of clothes completely are two different things. …and then what she did today… While it really wasn’t being naked, was it? Just during the photo shoot… but she had opted to show several people that she was going without panties and that had become much easier as the day went on. …Jenna was torn, but she had to give an answer. “I think I’m at a 10. I think I can do it, but I’m kind of unsure about it. I am nervous because in a lot of my classes I’m the only Drama Club kid. In those classes I’ll be the only one naked, and that makes me really nervous. When there are others, I’ll feel like I’ve got company…that I’m not alone.”

What her father said next shocked her deeper than the fundraiser itself. “Stand up and take your clothes off now.”

“Wait, what?” she stammered her response.

“George, I don’t…” His wife Alexandra protested.

“No. Do it now. It will help you get used to it.” Jenna’s father countered before her mother’s objections could be fully raised. “Every minute you are home between now and Monday you will be naked. It will help you become comfortable dressing like that.”

“George…we’re having company this weekend…” Her mother chirped fearfully.

“I know, Lexi.” He said to his wife, before turning back to his nervous daughter. “… Jenna, honey… I’m trying to help you. You trust me, don’t you?”

Jenna nodded her head almost silently. She closed her eyes, because she knew he was right. If she couldn’t be naked in front of her parents, how could she be fully naked in front of a school full of others?

She pushed her chair back and stood up. She chuckled to herself because this was going to go faster than either of her parents imagined. After school she had spent some time in her room wearing just her socks…when they came home, she had only tugged on a pair of panties and a t-shirt.

She bent down and began to pull off her mismatched ankle socks. As she stood upright again, her hands went for the hem of her shirt and with a clean motion pulled it off over her head, revealing her 34c breasts to her parents…revealing those little freckles in all their glory... revealing her abdominal muscles which softly sculpted from her years of dance… revealing her red panties.

She had chosen to put on panties tonight, because her body had somehow missed them in a way that it didn’t miss the bra. Having been without the panties made her want them…but only them.

Jenna hoped her body had enough time in them, because now they would be coming off.

Her mother hid her eyes, embarrassed for her daughter while her father watched. He spoke words of encouragement in the pause, which moved her to continue. “Go ahead Jenna, you can do this.”

Her hands returning to her nervously tingling body, her fingers found the waistline of her red bikini cut panties. She lowered the undergarment down to her ankles perhaps a little more slowly than she should have and with only a tinge of reluctance at this point.

Jenna turned to the side a little as she helped her bottoms off over her ankles and feet, not completely ready to let her parents see between her legs. As she turned back towards them, she took a deep breath and accepted that now she was completely nude in front of both of her parents for the first time in her memory.

She closed her eyes, not wanting to see their disappointment in her or her body. Knowing her wavy shoulder length brown hair didn’t reach far enough to cover her nipples, she became acutely aware how hard they had become. Her breasts were always a strong point of pride for her. Perky and smooth, a good size for her 5’6” frame. She had an athletic build with soft curving muscles from her dancing. She was fit and comfortable in her body. The years of being awkward and gangly had passed her by and she was thankful for that… but even in her comfort, she knew she wasn’t perfect. Her parents would find those imperfections, she knew it.

She opened her eyes after what felt like an eternity of silence to see that both parents were now staring at her. It made her more self-conscious than she was with her eyes closed. Her hands instinctively moved to cover her body as she felt tears begin to well up, when her mother’s voice stopped her.

“Honey, you don’t have cover up. It’s okay.” She paused. “You’re beautiful, darling.”

Jenna looked towards her parents and noticed the pride in their eyes. They held each other’s hand as they looked at her. She sensed that her father had squeezed her mother’s hand as he spoke. “We did pretty well, Lexi. Made ourselves a perfect little you.”

Jenna’s mother smiled. “She does have my beautiful brown eyes.”

“…and nose.” Her father added. “It does that little scrunching thing you do too.”

They were smiling. If they had noticed any imperfections in Jenna’s softly tanned body, they didn’t say anything. They didn’t judge any of it. They only found points to compliment.

“Am I allowed to say that your breasts are beautiful, honey?” Her father asked.

Jenna nodded, silently as a few tears began to fall upon her cheek, tears of relief.

“I love those freckles.” he continued, he’d said it before when she wore bathing suits or certain tops and dresses, but they were always cut off by the material. He was seeing them completely for the first time, unstopped and free.

“You always have George.” Her mother giggled “Now get your naked ass over here, Jenna! Eat your dinner before it gets any colder.”

All three laughed and Jenna complied, sitting back down at the table and beginning to eat again.

A first it still felt awkward. The act of being naked and eating was foreign. The fact that it was in front of her own parents made it weird…but the conversation stopped being about her and being naked, it became normal conversation about work and school and dance. By the time she finished eating it almost felt natural. She never really forgot that she was naked. There were enough contact points with her skin that were new and different to her that made it impossible to forget she was naked, from the cushion material of the seats to the way the table edge brushed the undersides of her breasts when she got too close it was obvious to every tingling sensor in her body that she was unclothed.

After dinner they moved to the den to watch tv. She cuddled with her mother and didn’t cover up for over an hour and only then because she got a little chilly.

By the time she went into her room to go to bed that night, she had started to think that being naked wasn’t all that bad. Her parents had made her feel at ease throughout the evening. …but parents are one thing. Horny teenage boys and pervy teachers are something else, as she had learned with her escapades.

As she laid in bed that night, she thought about the day she had, but more important the days she would have soon. If her parents held true to what they said, Jenna was going to be naked all weekend. Company was coming over on Saturday night, family friends, the Andersons; her father usually had some of the guys over for football on Sunday; and she had some outdoor chores to do on Saturday during the day. It was going to be a full weekend and if things didn’t change, she would spend it fully nude.

…and deep in her heart and her sleep drifting mind, she didn’t think that was going to be a bad thing.


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 17- The Saturday Chores

Waking up late on Saturday morning, Jenna had slept in of course, was a revelation to her. Sleeping nude had felt more comfortable than it had before. She’d done it many times throughout the years, never with permission. She had done it on Thursday night to help her prepare, but then she had to worry about school the next day… but Friday night into Saturday, she not only had permission, but her parents blessing to be nude. She didn’t have to wake up for anything pressing. And when she had to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night, she didn’t need to wrap up or sneak around. It just felt more comfortable to her, so easy and relaxing. She wondered if she would ever wear her pajamas again.

After waking, she had ventured down to the kitchen. Jenna’s mom Alexandra had gone out grocery shopping already. George, her father was catching up on the sports from the night before. He drew her attention to an article referenced in a recap of the Kentucky Central football game. It seems her principal, Mr. McGuffin was resigning immediately over something that happened at Friday’s pep rally.

Mr. Jenkins didn’t really know what happened at the pep rally, as the article about it was vague. Jenna did not tell him everything that happened, but she gave him the broad-strokes. He wondered if the Fundraiser would truly happen, given the added publicity.

The two parted after that conversation, her father had some work around the house to do and in the garage. Jenna at her cereal and started thinking about her to do list for the day and how she was going to do it dressed as she was.

Most of Jenna’s list was easy and indoors, a few cleaning items including her bathroom upstairs. As the family would be having guests on both Saturday night and Sunday afternoon/evening, an extra bathroom for guests might be a necessary addition to the one bathroom already readily available.

She did have two tasks outdoors that would be a little more visible to neighbors and those passing by. One was weeding the front garden, which she and her mother had started growing when Jenna was young. Weeding the garden was a standard thing for Jenna to do on a Saturday from April through October.

Finishing her cereal, she grabbed her hat, gloves and the kneeling pad…took a deep breath and walked out the front door.

Her father had heard the door and knew what it meant, he ventured around from the garage to make sure she was okay…and saw that she had already gotten down and started. He made a mental note that nude gardening was something his daughter was capable of.

She saw him out of the corner of her eye and turned back and smiled.

He thought once again how cute she looked, and how much she reminded him of his wife…particularly in that hat and gardening gloves. They looked less out of place on a naked body than he thought they would.

After watching her for a few moments, he wandered back to his own tasks in the garage.

Those passing by while Jenna worked fell into three categories: A. The ones who didn’t see/notice; B. The ones who noticed and said nothing, most likely enjoying the view in their own special ways; and C. the ones who noticed and made their feelings known.

Most of the third crop were positive or shocked but not disapproving. Several car honks and people shouting out how they liked her outfit. A few boys on bikes coming to a stop, pulling out their phones and taking pictures. If she noticed they were, she usually struck a smiling pose. Jenna had no problem stopping for a moment and visiting with the local dogs as they were taken around on their walks and most of their owners were okay. Even Dennis, from school was out walking to the store and stopped when saw her. …and he definitely liked what he saw from the look of the tent in his shorts.

It was a pleasant mid-September day. Jenna felt comfortable. The only downside was the few people in that third grouping who decided that her wardrobe choice was a negative. A few older folks shouting at her to get dressed. A random folk or two calling her a slut as they passed.

There was a visit from a city patrolman who had gotten a call. Jenna’s father had intervened on that one. The incident ended with a verbal warning and a happy smile from the officer as Jenna waved at him while he drove off.

The did get a visit from the HOA President, who had also gotten a call, potentially from the same caller… He said he didn’t believe what he heard and had to come check it out. Jenna thought he probably believed it, but wasn’t going to pass up the chance to see a naked teenaged girl. At the point of his visit, she was nearly finished and would be going inside in a few minutes. He left satisfied with that…but he left slowly and his camera was in his hand.

Jenna’s second outdoor task, was a backyard task with a lot less gawkers. Her mother had grown up a clothesline user and had tried to instill those benefits to her young daughter. Jenna was less enthusiastic about this one, but she did her part. Taking laundry fresh from the washing machine out the back door, she hung the wet clothes upon it.

No one but the left side neighbor seemed to notice the actions of the nude girl in her backyard, but that was enough for Jenna. She sensed the stares from his window. At first it felt very creepy to her. It had her nerves tingling in a careful way… but after the first few minutes, those senses started to change to a feeling of harmlessness. She like her neighbor, Mr. Birch. He was a man in his 70s whose wife had died of cancer about 4 years ago. He was fairly healthy and had a family that loved and took care of him. Jenna had been over many times to do chores for him throughout the last few years. He was truly nice and harmless. …but in her state of dress, it just took a few minutes to process that. …Once she internalized that he wasn’t a threat, she started to be a little more open in her actions. You might say she put on a show for her voyeur…and Jenna would not disagree.

She danced indoors at the conclusion of her task to find that her mother had been watching from the kitchen. Jenna was slightly embarrassed by that, but the two ended up in smiles and laughs.

The day had clearly gotten away from Jenna and it was mid-afternoon. She grabbed a quick shower and spent some time alone in her bedroom. Jenna realized with her mind on her state of dress she hadn’t even thought about her phone all day. Without pockets, it never even left her bedroom in the morning. She glanced at it now and saw 4 missed phone calls from Jacob. So, she called him back.

The basics of the conversation were that Lauren was still very upset about the whole thing. The sim card made her think that he had little to do with what Jenna had concocted, so Lauren did NOT break up with him. Her parents were furious over the whole thing, and had pulled her from Cheerleading so fast that Lauren wasn’t even at the game last night. Jacob doubted they’d see her in school for a while, but did note that they were behind the movement that forced McGuffin to resign.

Jacob also told Jenna there were a good deal of parents who were using the event to try to get the fundraiser cancelled, thinking it had come from McGuffin…but he didn’t know much more about that. His parents had been talking to a lot of people, since they were the head of the PTA, but they weren’t talking to him. He was just hearing some of the louder calls through the walls.

Jenna listened for the most part and let Jacob talk. She did tell him about her “training,” which he thought was pretty hot. He admitted he already heard and sent her a text message with one of the gardening photos he’d seen from a buddy online. The pictures from the fundraiser site, the ones kids had gotten of Jenna during Lauren’s torment and now the gardening pictures were all making Jenna pretty popular search online. The conversation ended pleasantly, with Jacob admitting he was probably going to masturbate to some of her pics. That excited Jenna a little.

She had to be honest, since dinner last night, thoughts about the sexual nature of being naked were less prevalent. It’s true you can’t really separate sexuality and nudity, but Jenna’s concentration on simply being nude and not being sexual had reconceptualized any tingly and erotic feelings she had. Yes, her nipples had gone hard several times, but none of those times were because she felt she was horny. She had definitely felt moments of wetness in her pussy, but none of them were because she felt the need to fuck. All of those times were excitement over being seen… but Jacob’s final moments on the phone brought home the point that while it was about exhibiting herself to Jenna, to those around her it was about sex with her and the possibilities of what they could do or might do to her young and unclothed body.

…and here, alone in her bedroom, with Jacob’s voice in her head confirming and affirming she was hot and desire-able and definitely made his cock hard… her hands found their way all over her body, rubbing gently, caressing her skin…touching all of her secret places that had stopped being secret to those around her…

She decided to send Jacob a gift. Standing in front of her mirror, she took a selfie just for him. Legs spread…with fingers in her pussy. It was a somewhat awkward photo to take, with a little more blur than she wanted, but it was obviously her and all the important parts were visible. She set up the text and hovered over the send button for just a moment contemplating if she really should…and then she did.

“Jake, this is for your eyes only. Delete when you’ve finished. PLEASE!”

It wasn’t two minutes later when she got the response from Jacob. “Thank You. Deleted.”

It wasn’t too long after that she herself had come to a completion.

As she rested, she looked at the photo she had taken…and scrolled back through the photos from Friday. Jenna found it hard to fathom that those were the same girl. One angry at being naked and another willfully showing off her naked body. Control was the difference. Today she was in control…. Mostly.

Mrs. Jenkins hollered up to her daughter, breaking the young girl’s thoughts. “Jenna, the Anderson’s will be here soon.”

Jenna smiled and exhaled a sigh of relief, then she headed to the bathroom for another quick shower. She didn’t need the company she was about to be seen naked by or her parents knowing about her extra-curricular activities.
