The drive back to his apartment seemed to take hours, made all the worse by the occasional glances over at Will. He recognized his own hunger in the other man's eyes, and while he knew he was probably just another pickup for Will, he couldn't help but wonder if just maybe there was something more than a desire to fuck behind that heated blue stare. They'd barely made it into the elevator before they were kissing, hands sliding all over, learning the shape of each other's bodies through their clothes. Somehow Angel managed to remember which floor was his and pushed Will out into the hall before the doors closed in front of them. They stumbled towards his apartment, where he fumbled with the key, barely able to unlock and open the door before they were crashing inside. He kicked the door closed just in time for Will to push him back against it, following along to press up against him, tongue sliding in and out of his mouth, enticing him to chase and try to catch it.

Will's fingers went to work on his tie, yanking it open so he could start working on his shirt buttons, and Angel knew he should be trying to undress the other man as well, but he couldn't seem to think beyond kissing Will, hands closing on his hips to pull him tight against his erection. Will moaned and thrust against him, sliding his denim-covered cock over Angel's until he was almost ready to burst, hungry and aching like a teenager, his pants dampening with the precome that left them plastered against him.

His shirt was tugged free of his pants and spread open, and Will wrenched away from his mouth, pulling back to look down at him. “Fuck, you're bloody gorgeous,” he whispered, one hand sliding between them to stroke Angel's heated skin.

The touch seemed to sear its way right through him, and he let his hands fall away, offering himself up for Will's caress. He could hardly believe the admiration and desire in his eyes, let alone the soft words. Angel had never been called beautiful before- that word was for men like Will and Lindsey, with their big eyes, smooth skin, and slim bodies. He was too bulky and clumsy to be beautiful, and he knew it. “Not beautiful,” he mumbled, looking down at the floor. “I'm too big for that.”

Will's fingers fanned out over his chest, stroking and teasing their way back up to his shoulders to push his shirt off. “Beautiful,” he repeated, leaning down to scrape his teeth over one nipple. Angel's back arched and his hands flew onto Will's back to hold him in place. “Strong,” he murmured, moving over to the other nipple, laving it with his tongue. “Powerful. Gonna argue with me about it now, luv?”

“No,” Angel gasped, although he knew that at that moment he'd have said anything to keep Will's hand moving down over his stomach. He caught a brief glimpse of a dazzling smile before Will's fingers wrapped around him and squeezed him through his pants and his eyes fluttered shut. “Oh, God!”

“So fuckin' hard,” Will rasped. “Already wet for me, too.” He flexed his hand against Angel's length, rubbing him slowly until Angel's control broke.

He reached out for Will's belt, yanking it open and fumbling with his pants until they opened for him. Instead of underwear, though, dark curling hair met his eyes, and Angel shivered. “Fuck,” he whispered, reaching down to stroke the wiry curls. He'd never met anyone who went commando before, and hadn't realized how sexy it was until he saw Will's white skin and dark hair just under his jeans. As hot as it was, though, there was something he wanted even more, and he didn't hesitate in reaching in to pull Will's cock out. He was hard, his pulse beating heavily against Angel's palm as he stroked him, precome spilling down over his fingers to smooth the way.

Will threw his head back and cried out, his hips jerking, thrusting his dick forward into Angel's fist. “Yeah, Christ, that's it,” he moaned. Angel's eyes flicked from Will's face to the hard jut of his cock, his tongue slipping out to moisten suddenly dry lips. They needed to slow it down, he thought, needed to back off or this whole thing was going to be over in five minutes. But when Will's hands opened his pants and fished his dick out of his boxers, the last thing he could think about was slowing down.

He hauled Will up against him, turning to press the slender form back against the door. Reaching down, he moved his cock alongside Will's, sliding against him for a second before retreating. Will's hands clutched his shoulders, and he whimpered, “Do it again, pet. Please... need to feel you against me.” Angel rocked against him, moaning when Will bucked and squirmed. “Fuck, that's brilliant. Yeah, like that, feels so good,” Will breathed, the words kindling a fire inside Angel that made him grind down against the other man.

Wet skin slid against wet skin, and soon they were humping each other hard and fast, too far gone to think about anything except the growing need for release. “Gonna come,” Will panted. “Can't hold back, gonna- ohhhh, fuck! Do that again!” Angel's hands slid down to his ass, squeezing the tight cheeks there as he pushed against him. So close, he was so close...

“Fuck!” Will exclaimed, his cock pulsing against Angel's as he came. Hot liquid spattered over his abdomen and cascaded down over his dick, and Angel was gone. He grunted as his balls tightened, pumping his climax out onto Will's stomach and softening cock, then leaned his forehead against Will's, breathing hard.

They held onto each other for a few minutes, resting together while their breath evened out, and Angel was just wondering what he was supposed to do next when Will tugged him down for a leisurely kiss. Tongues tangled together, stroking slowly, and with the first frantic rush over, he could bask in the sleek dance as they teased and tasted each other. Eventually, he had to break away to breathe, but the awkwardness seemed to have been swept away with the kiss, and he returned for another brief taste, then asked, “So how do you feel about sharing showers?”

Will smiled and shifted against him, sending a shiver down his spine. “That your way of askin' me to stick around for a bit, is it, pet?”

Angel could feel his cheeks heating up as he mumbled, “Well, you did say something about wanting me in- I mean, not that I'm expecting, but-”

Two fingers cut off his rambling, and blue eyes danced up at him. “Was teasin', ducks. Not leavin' here until you've fucked me good an' proper, yeah?” While Angel tried to figure out something he could say to that, Will pushed him gently back, then stood up and started stripping first himself and then the dumbfounded man in front of him. “C'mon, then. Let's get all clean so's you can dirty me up again.”

Just the thought of Will standing beneath the sprays of water was almost enough to make him want to forget the shower, but in the end, the need to see what that bleached hair looked like wet won out, and Angel towed him down the hall to the bathroom, already counting the minutes until he could lay that beautiful body out on his bed.