1.
“So, what did you think of the retirement ceremony, Bones?”
“Still hate ceremonies, still think your ass looks amazing in a dress uniform.”
“And out of one.”
“That, too.”
They walked in silence for a moment.
“I still can’t believe we’re leaving her behind.”
“Had to happen sometime, Jim. I’m sure the new crew is more than competent.”
“Damn. I was really hoping for a ragtag band of rowdy upstarts.”
“Just so long as they’re not sex-crazed, co-dependent, angsty headcases.”
“Why not? It worked for us.”
"I think we were a special case. God, I really hope we were a special case."

2.
Jim turned around, smiling brightly as they approached, but they could see the paths that tears had been tracing down his cheeks.
“Thought you sounded too damn chipper back there,” drawled Bones. “I knew your sentimentality would kick in soon enough.
Jim laughed, but the sound caught in his throat, and he wiped his eyes. He shook his head at them hopelessly, spread his arms to pull them in close.
“Goddammit, Jim,” said Bones, blinking back his own tears.
“We’re not really leaving anything behind,” Jim whispered into their embrace.
Spock’s only response was to hold them a little tighter.

3.
“So, Spock! How did your meeting with the admirals go?”
“Starfleet has requested that I accept a position as ambassador.”
“Well, I suppose we saw that coming, didn’t we?”
“You’re not leaving us, Spock.”
“Yeah, please Spock, don’t leave me alone with this crotchety old man.”
“I could not leave you. I would, however, ask you both to consider joining me.”
Jim and Bones looked at each other. Bones recognized the beginnings of a smile on Jim’s face.
“Aw, for crissakes, we’re too old to keep running around in space. What about our place in the Caribbean?”
“That will be our vacation home.”

4.
"Spock, won’t there be plenty of time for that... later?"
They all knew what Bones meant. The Vulcan lifespan was almost twice as long as that of humans.
Spock closed his eyes momentarily. "Please. We must not speak of the future in this way."
"Sorry." Bones put a hand on Spock's shoulder.
"Tell them you'll get back to them, Spock. Tell them we have some important business to attend to first. No need to let on that it involves hammocks, tanning oil, and copious amounts of tequila."
"Tequila, Jim?"
"Daquiris for you, Spock. We know how you like your daquiris."

5.
"So... anything promising?"
"Jim..."
"Come on, Bones, I haven't asked in over three months!"
"No, Jim, nothing new."
"No vitamins, or..?"
"Jesus Jim, you're already consuming a metric ton of vitamins per day, I think you've got that covered. And you're scheduled for cell regeneration treatments next month."
"But you said that only adds a few years..."
"I'm sorry, Jim. But there's nothing else we can do."
“I hate this.”
“I know. I wish you wouldn’t get your hopes up.”
“I can’t help it, Bones, I can’t.” Jim buried his face in his hands. “I want to be here for him, always.”

6.
Jim wondered what it would be like for Spock to lose them, tried to imagine living half of his life with only half of his heart. Jim would never have to live without Spock, and when he remembered this, waves of guilt and grief crashed over him and he had to turn away.

Jim reminded himself to focus on what they had, here and now, together and in love and perfect. But every so often, he let himself grieve for Spock, clinging to Bones and sobbing like a child, and wondering if Spock would ever cry when they were gone.

7.
“Remember the first time I tried to get you guys drunk so you'd kiss?”
“Oh God. Yes, we remember.”
“Oh man, remember when I walked in on you guys trying to-“
“Jim!”
“Yeah. That was awkward.”

"Hey, remember when we saved Earth?"
"Which time?"
"All of them."

“Do you guys ever miss Comet?”
“Sure. And Comet 2.”
“What about Comet 3?!”
“Comet 3 was a tribble, Jim.”

“I confess that I do not understand the logic of this so-called ‘reminiscing’.”
“Come on, Spock… what’s the point of living a good life if you can’t stop and remember it once in a while?”

8.
Bones laughed out loud.
“Spock, you know you look absolutely ridiculous right now, right?”
Spock was reclining on a chaise lounge in sunglasses and a pair of swim trunks, sipping his strawberry daiquiri through a straw.
“I am attempting to relax. You are interrupting.”
Bones grinned and squinted out toward the ocean. “God, look at Jim. Can you believe he’s not 25 anymore?”
Jim whooped and splashed in the water, silhouetted against the setting sun.
“Guys, you gotta come out here, the water’s awesome!”
Spock’s lips quirked up in a half-smile. “If he does not believe it, why must we?”

9.
Bones felt a trickle of sand against his neck. He cracked an eye open. "Jim, did you just put sand on me?"
Jim grinned. "Maybe."
Bones rolled his eyes.
"Bones, do you miss space?"
Bones was silent.
"You do, don't you?"
"Well, for one, I never had to worry about sand in my hair."
“Exactly.” Jim shifted in his lounge chair.
"I did, however, have to worry about you getting blown up from time to time, which I have to say hasn't really been a concern this past month."
"We're going back up there, you know. We're going with Spock."
"I know."

10.
It wasn’t the Enterprise, but they’d long ago learned that it didn’t much matter where they were. They’d visit the Caribbean, and they’d avoid ice planets entirely, but the hum of an engine beneath their feet was almost comforting. This was their ship, and the giddy adrenaline of new adventure radiated around them as they sat close together at the helm, watching space dock recede into the distance.

It wasn’t the Enterprise, but as they lay together that night, on the biggest bed that Starfleet had been able to requisition, Jim was thrilled to realize that it felt like home.