The Pussy Diaries - A young lesbian's progress
by Androgyne 

I had my first cum when I was 9 years old. I recall exactly where I was, along with what was happening, when I got the first weird warning it was on its way. It was gym class in "Lady Anne Howe" school for girls and my class were divided into two halves by the teacher. Our gym teacher, Miss Christie, was a tall blonde with a wardrobe of assorted track suits. And for your satisfaction yes indeed I had a crush on her. 

She had a dozen or fourteen of us on each side of the gym facing each other and we had to do a sort of complicated relay run. The one at the end had to cross to the opposite team and weave between us till she reached the end of the line. Then she tagged the girl at the end that had to then make her in and out run. Since I was just about in the centre of my line I had time just to stand and look around. 

I was staring at the girl directly opposite me. Margot Deane was a tiny very pretty blonde girl; in fact she still is! I was looking at her and the girls near her. We were all turned out identically. White singlets and white shorts with white knee-socks and white gym shoes composed our outfits. Lots of girls of assorted sizes and complexions but all dressed alike. 

It was right then I felt this strange tingling between my thighs but that wasn't the oddest thing. The odder feeling came next. It is hard to describe a feeling but this is my best attempt. It felt like, between my thighs, but inside me, something was clenching. It felt like folding my fingers but it was inside my crease. I stood there sort of shivering inside till it got to be my turn to do the run. 

All through classes, morning and afternoon, my mind kept drifting back to that tingle and peculiar feeling. I kept sneaking a peek at Margot and some of my classmates and wondering what had happened. I was still feeling baffled as I walked home from school in the afternoon. I let myself in. Yeah I'm what I'm told used to be called a latchkey kid. Well we need the money so mum and dad both work and I was under orders to come straight home and lock up behind me. 

So I trotted upstairs after locking the front door and went into my bedroom to get changed. I kicked off my shoes and dumped my socks, blouse, and briefs, into the laundry basket. Skirt and blazer are fine to wear again for a while so before I got dressed in house clothes I stood in front of my bedroom mirror. 

At about nine and eight months I was plump and the first hints of my boobs were sprouting. I looked down at my smooth and hairless crease from where the weird feeling had come and wondered about it yet again. Then I made a major decision! I stretched out on my bed and put the fingers of my left hand, yeah I'm left handed, onto my crease and started stroking it gently and slowly. 

From the first touch things felt good. It felt good though I didn't know why so I kept on going. That tingle was back and much stronger than in the gym. I found I was breathing faster and even panting a bit as I played with the lips of my crease. Next thing I was making this funny noise, wriggling my hips around, and I'd grabbed one of my nipples with my free hand and was twisting it hard. 

My crease felt funny; wet but not like when you've taken a pee and there's a few drops to wipe away. It felt sort of slippery but at the same time a bit sticky and that didn't even make any sense when I tried to think about it. That tingling now felt amazingly good so I rubbed harder and faster and right then I was glad I was alone in the house. 

I was glad because that amazing feeling hit the top and I was yelling out and making wild noises. My crease was burning with the best feeling I'd ever had in my life. When I came out of it I looked at my crease and it was dripping with little blobs of this creamy stuff and I had more on my fingers. Yeah you know what I did! I licked my fingers and I liked the taste so much I got more from my crease and licked that off too. 

Whatever I'd done it was wonderful and I was wondering whether to do it again and see if it worked a second time. However a glance at the clock told me I'd better get cleaned up and dressed to wait for mum and then dad to come home. Naked I went into the bathroom and washed my damp crease clean and then dried it. Even washing myself had me feeling that burn just a little again! 

Mum came home and then dad and we had our evening meal. I did some homework I'd been set and rang my friend Dawn who only lives next door. I could have just gone and knocked but mum said it was a bit late to go visiting. When mum told me it was time for bed I looked up and just said "okay" which puzzled her a bit. I usually tried for an extension but I'll bet you know why I wanted to get to bed! 

I skipped upstairs, undressed and put on my PJs then went and cleaned my teeth. I lay there in bed until mum and dad came in to say goodnight then I turned off my bedside lamp. Once they'd gone to bed too, and the house got quiet, I sneaked out of bed, took off my PJ bottoms, and pinched a used towel from the laundry basket. Back on my bed I lay atop the towel and got my fingers busy on my crease! 

Same effect only better again. The tingle went fast to the full blown burn and I got creamy very fast. As things got hotter and higher I remembered the noises I made in the afternoon and as I got close I bit my pillow to keep things quiet. It happened again and I was rolling around grunting into my pillow. When things finally quietened down between my thighs I wiped myself with the towel; but not before lapping up that cream once more. 

I stashed the towel under my bed and fell asleep so fast it surprised me when I woke up hours later. Outside was still grey and there was no movement in the house so guess what? Yeah I grabbed that towel and did it to myself yet again! 

I got so I was doing myself every chance I got. Early morning, afternoon when I was alone in the house, at night alone in my bed, and then I started sneaking into the toilets at school to do myself all over again. I never thought for one second I was doing anything wrong! Nothing that felt that good could be wrong! However I was curious, and for sure I wasn't going to say anything to my mum or dad, so I decided to talk to Dawn. Some months after I first did myself I was going to talk to someone about it. 

It was a Saturday morning so no school. I was in the garden of Dawn's house and my mum and hers were in ours having tea; and in Dawn's mum's case a smoke. It was warm and a bit cloudy. Dawn had on a bikini that was no more than four tiny triangles of cloth and a few straps. I was wearing a pair of short shorts and an old favourite tee shirt that was getting too tight for me really. 

It was getting too tight because I'd turned 10 and my boobs were a lot more than sprouting they were showing clearly. I also found that my nipples had grown too and I'd overheard mum saying to dad that "coming up 10 years or not she'll soon need a bra" which made me feel very grown up. Dawn was flat on a blanket spread on the grass and I had my back against the trunk of a small tree in Dawn's garden. 

Dawn's nearly a year older than me but she sometimes talks like she knows the lot. I hoped she knew about what I was going to talk about. 

"Dawn if I tell you something and ask you something will you promise you won't say a word to anyone. Swear to die if you do!" 

She sat up and looked at me hard. 

"I swear I'd never tell!" 

"Look if you did I'd never talk to you again so remember that!" 

"Okay Keri go ahead!" 

Now I was there I took a while to figure out what to say but finally got my brain and tongue together. 

"Dawn to you ever like rub yourself to feel really good?" 

I think she got it first time but she decided to make doubly sure. 

"Rub myself where Keri?" 

I lay my fingers on the front of my shorts and "here Dawn" showed her what I meant. She looked like she was trying to be real cool before she came right out with it. 

"What play with my pussy? Of course I do it all the time!" 

"Your pussy?" 

"Yeah that's what the big girls call it. I've heard my sis and her friends call it their pussy." 

Dawn's sis Jodi is 15 so she counts as a big girl as do Jodi's friends. 

"Why do they call it a pussy?" 

Dawn shrugged and gave me a funny look for a few seconds before replying. 

"Who knows and who cares. Say Keri have you ever had someone play with your pussy and get you off?" 

I could have lied and said "yeah sure" but she wouldn't have believed me and lying like that just makes you a dope when you get caught out. 

"No why?" 

"Well it feels even better than doing it to yourself and I know! Do you fancy coming into my cabin so we can get each other off right now. Our mums won't be back for ages so we've got plenty of time." 

The cabin was built for Dawn by her dad who's a dab hand with a tool box. Its way better than any playhouse you can buy in a store. She took another glance at the wrist watch on her thin wrist and stared hard at me. Down there my crease, or maybe now my pussy, had started a fine big tingle at what she said. 

"OMG of course I do. Let's go!" 

Inside the cabin was warm and dimly lit from a window in the roof while the side window had a curtain drawn over it. My newly growing nipples suddenly felt very hard and tender under my tee shirt. Dawn pushed a wedge under the base of the door. 

"Nobody can walk in on us now Keri. Do you want to do me first or the other way around?" 

"You first and then me!" 

She pulled loose the two bows in the straps on either hip and the bikini bottom fluttered to the floor. Dawn's taller than me with short dark hair and deep olive skin. I'm a pale redhead with blue eyes. I just couldn't take my eyes of her almost naked body. Her pussy, as I soon got used to calling it that, was as smooth and hairless as mine. It was just perfect! Her pussy lips were smaller and neater than my plump ones and I couldn't wait to get started on her! 

However I wasn't sure how she wanted to do this. She pretty soon took charge though. 

"Here sit on the rug. Oh and spread your legs so I can sit between them. Look you might as well take your shorts off before you sit down." 

I not only pulled off my shorts I skinned out of my tee shirt so all I had on were sandals. Dawn gawped a bit at my growing boobs which made me feel good. 

"Bugger it Keri they're really getting big. I wonder when mine will start growing." 

She was as flat as any boy but she still excited me a whole lot. I did as she told me and sat down in a corner with my legs spread wide. When she sat down between them, with her back to me, I tugged loose the string of the bikini top so she was naked too. She scrunched back against me till my hard nipples were rubbing her back and then reached around to guide my hand to her pussy. 

"Left hand Dawn!" 

"Huh what?" 

"How long have we been friends and you don't remember I'm left handed?" 

"Oh sorry!" 

This time she steered my left hand around and my fingers were on my best friend's pussy for the first time. She was damp when I touched her, not as wet as I got, but once I started stroking away she soon got wetter. She also soon started wriggling around and began moaning and panting as I rubbed her harder and faster. 

"OMG Keri this is so good. I'm almost ready to cum!" 

I'd never heard what a "cum" was but I kept running my fingers over her slick pussy till she yelped and bucked around like crazy. I slowed down a bit but kept on until she was just slumped back against me and panting. I took a good lick of my wet fingers to see if she tasted different to me. She tasted just as good as I thought I did. I held my fingers to her mouth and she took a suck although she seemed sort of dazed. 

"Wow Keri you're good at it. You've really never done this with another girl?" 

"Honest you're the first ever Dawn." 

"Well you must be a natural. Now change places so I can give you your cum." 

"Dawn what's a cum?" 

She giggled as she stood up. 

"A cum's what you just gave me silly. My sis and her friends all talk about cums and cumming all the time. Now move over!" 

I ended up where Dawn was and she got going on me with her right hand. Soon I was hot and wet at the same time. Dawn was right and it was way better than doing myself. I had my teeth clamped together to stop me squealing with pleasure. I suddenly understood what Dawn had said and how she could say it. I could feel the pressure and heat starting to build up and rise as I writhed around. 

"I'm cumming now Dawn!" 

She used her other hand to grab a nipple and squeeze it while she rubbed me even faster and then I really had a huge cum. Despite trying to keep quiet I came out with a shrill screech as my pussy seemed to go molten hot and wet. I was jerking around so wildly Dawn could hardly hang onto me and things went pretty much blank for a little while. 

The first thing I recall then was Dawn. 

"Get your breath back Keri. That's a real hard cum you had and you're so wet!" 

I looked down and that white creamy stuff was not just on my pussy lips I had it splashed on my thighs. I just lay there while Dawn sort of softly stoked my pussy like it was a kitten and I wondered if that was why her sis called it a pussy. Dawn then said something that was the start of me wondering about myself. 

"You know what this makes us don't you Keri?" 

"No what?" 

"We're Lesbos!" 

"What's a Lesbo?" 

"Well my sis and her friends have all kinds of words for girls who play with other girls pussies. Lesbo's short for lesbian but they call them dykes as well. I guess there are lots of other names too." 

"So you're my best friend and now we're both lesbians too?" 

"Yeah well I think from best friend we've moved to girlfriend don't you?" 

I smiled as I leant back against her flat chest and pointy little nipples. 

"Well maybe we're Lesbo girlfriends now?" 

"Fine with me Keri!" 

So there I was. Not yet 10 years old and suddenly my best friend was my lesbian girlfriend. Where do we go from here?
