Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues

(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: T
BETA: None… not for this.
Cue: …no his phone, idiot.
Warning: Cursing, sexual innuendo, and Reno…
Disclaimer: Don't own, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Reno, Zack and Genesis
POV: Zack

PHONE ENVY

"Damn it!"

Zack looked over to see Genesis looking at his PHS with a frustrated look on his face.

"Dead again, huh?" Zack asked, already knowing the answer as he watched Genesis flip his phone violently closed. "I thought you got a new one."

"They keep giving me shit!" Genesis growled, pressing buttons on the phone as if it were to magically start working again. His blue eyes were full of anger.

"Reno got a new one. He likes his," Zack said trying to help the angry General.

"What did he get? Do Turks get different PHS than we do?" Genesis said flipping his phone violently opened and closed. "Ask him how long it last when he uses it. My battery barely last me a day!"

Zack flipped open his phone and type in the message to the Turk. He knew he was in a meeting but would be texting under the table.

How long does it last when you play with it a lot?

"What model does he have?" Genesis grumbled.

Zack remembered it was the C-T25 model. Genesis scowled. "This is the B model! This is a piece of absolute shit! I am going to have to have a talk with Reeve about the phones he is issuing to the SOLDIERs. You even have a higher model than me."

Zack looked at the message that was returned on his phone. He read it to the angry red General. "He says, 'fifteen to twenty minutes, depending on the porn."

Genesis blinked a few times and then narrowed his eyes angrily. "His phone, you moron. I don't care about his Friday nights."

Full inspirational text:

++Ask Niel how long his lasts if he plays with it a lot.
++He says 15-20 minutes depending on the porn.
++No his phone, idiot

Remember, your reviews are inspirational. If you have a fav. Text, send it my way… I will see what I can do with it.