The petite little white girl whimpered as I pulled my cock from her eighteen year old pussy, a thick stream of my cum quickly following suit. She quickly fell to her side, collapsing and still shaking as her latest orgasm was still running through her. I couldn't resist and gave her ass a little smack.
"Th... thank... you Mistress," the girl whimpered.
I giggled before climbing off the bed and walking over to my closet, pulling out the silk red robe I had hanging in there and putting it on. Not bothering to tie it, I walked across the bedroom to the chair in the corner next to the window as I fanned out my long red locks. Sitting down I looked over at the slut girl laying there, no longer panting but breathing deeply. My cum still dripped from her of course. Three loads would fill her up quite a bit.
After a moment I realized that she had passed out. Naughty little girl, falling asleep without permission. I would have to teach her a lesson. As visions of what I was going to do with her started flowing through my head I started playing with my breasts and nipples. My cock began to harden again, my pussy still wet as fuck. That's right folks, I'm a hermaphrodite. Best of both worlds, don't you think?
The thoughts turned back to when I was her age, how inexperienced I was and how far I've progressed sexually in the past seven years. When I was eighteen I was so insecure about being a herm, and one night started a change in me that helped me grow into the person I am today. I stopped day dreaming for a moment, getting up and starting to walk to the kitchen. Reliving memories required a bottle of wine.

7 years ago:
Miranda age 18
Growing up I had mostly kept to myself. I had friends but they were the ones I grew up with, friends that once they knew what I was had promised never to tell anyone. I had talked to my parents at the time middle school came around and they agreed to arrange for me not to take gym, and therefore not let the whole school know what I was. I grew up uncomfortable, wondering whether or not I was a freak.
It wasn't like I was unattractive though. Aside from the extra secret between my legs I had several guys confirm that I was quite the beautiful person. I was about 5'9", a lovely curvy figure if I do say so myself with 36D breasts. In the words of the boys at school I had hips just wide enough, thighs just thick enough and a butt just big enough. Natural crimson red hair fell to my mid back in curls, my skin I kept a slight tan on and my eyes were a bright green.
But with me being so unsure of what I was, this meant that I wasn't very sexually active. Actually I was still a virgin by the time I graduated, though it was no bother to me. I got teased by my friends and they had even wanted to set me up with a few boys. After expressing my fears several times they had relented and stopped trying. At this point I hadn't even seen a porno, and if my friends had realized that was all it would have taken, they would have made me watch one sooner.
I stretched out on the couch before continuing to flip through the channels on the TV. It was Friday night and I was over at the Stripes' house babysitting, trying to earn a little extra cash. The time on the clock said it was almost ten at night. MR. and Mrs. Stripes weren't due back for another couple of hours. I pressed some random buttons on the remote, feeling sleepy and caring what it turned to.
My eyes widened in shock as suddenly the screen was filled with two naked people, humping each other like there was no tomorrow. On the screen there was a beautiful young Latina woman, lying on her back being taken by a well-toned tanned man. Their skin glistened with sweat, their hair damp and fussed, a sign that they had been going hard at it for a minute. His penis pushing deep into her vagina, extracting loud cuss words with each stroke.
A blush filled my cheeks as I continued to stare at the two lovers. Their vulgar talk filling the small living room as they call their privates 'cock' and 'pussy' as they yelled at and encouraged each other with phrases like 'fuck me harder', 'pound that pussy' and 'take that cock'. Suddenly she started getting louder and yelled that she was gonna cum, whatever that meant. I guess he liked it because he smiled and started thrusting faster. She suddenly screamed as her body went stiff, and I started to wonder if she had been hurt. The guy bent down and kissed her after she told him that it had felt so good.
Underneath my skirt I felt my own 'cock' was really stiff inside my panties, and that my 'pussy' was starting to dampen the thin cloth. Not able to stop myself I reached under my skirt, pulling my red panties down, freeing them both. I lifted my skirt and gasped at how hard my penis... no cock... was. I realized at that point I liked it being called that. I gripped the hard shaft, a full eight inches, quite thick and uncut too. I started to stroke it softly, letting out a soft moan as I turned my attention back to the scene.
I've masturbated before but I've never been this turned on when I did. This scene had gotten me going more than anything I've ever fantasized about. They changed positions, the woman getting on all fours as her lover entered her from behind. She giggled when he made the comment about fucking her like the bitch she was. As he started thrusting again I started timing my strokes with him, losing myself in fantasies.
I one I was thrusting my cock into the girl, hilting myself deep inside her cunt, pussy, fuck hole. I realized as the fantasy changed that I loved these words that they used. In the next fantasy I was the one being fucked, the man driving his thick cock, dick, prick into me hard and fast calling me a dirty bitch and whore. Then they were both there, I was fucking the woman and the guy fucked me, it was too much.
I bit my lip and moaned out loud as I glanced down long enough to watch my white cream explode from my cock in thick ropes. At the same time the man was spraying his cum all over the woman's face. More fantasies filled my head, one of me spraying the girl's face, another he was spraying mine then once again they merged where I was spraying her while he was spraying me. I watched her lick the cum from her fingers and I did the same to a glob of mine, sucking on it and moaning at the taste. I knew that I would love another man's cum as much as I found that I loved mine.
My mind suddenly screamed at me as I came back to myself and started to blush as I stared at my fingers and the mess that my cock had made. This was nowhere near normal for me, I would have never dreamed of watching something like this before. Though it was mostly due to the fact that I was so insecure. But this made me realize that my body craved this kind of attention. It wanted to be stroked, caressed, licked and sucked on.
Turning back to the TV my eyes widened again as I saw that the scene had switched. Two woman, a mocha skin beauty and a petite redhead, held each other in an embrace, kissing one another deeply. They were already naked, their hands stroking each other's breasts and nipples. I opened my shirt, quickly undoing the buttons and then undid the snap in the front of my bra freeing my own gorgeous breasts. I began copying them, massaging my own soft mounds and rubbing the sensitive nipples, moaning as they hardened at my touch.
I watched as the mocha beauty laid the redhead back and took a nipple into her mouth, suckling and letting her tongue flick over it. My own breasts were big enough that I could reach my own nipples with my tongue. I let me taster flick over one, yelping in delight at the feeling and suddenly wishing I someone here to suck and lick on them for me. Back on the TV the mocha girl kept teasing her friends for a while before starting to kiss her way down the redhead's body, settling between her legs. Glancing between mine at that point, I realized my cock was still very hard.
The beauty began licking the redhead's pussy, over the wet lips but centering more on the top little hooded area. Though my cock begged for attention I wanted to explore all the areas of my body. I gripped my dick and pulled it flat against my belly as my other hand went between my legs to explore and rub the wet lips of my pussy. I follow the path of the mocha girl's tongue and moved my fingers up, quickly finding the little bump that I would come to know as my clit, gasping as a jolt of tingling pleasure shot through my cunt.
As the beauty continued to eat at the redhead's cunt I continued to rub my newly discovered pleasure button. When I saw her push a pair of fingers into her lovers hole I once again followed suit, slowly pushing a finger inside, moaning at the first time of experiencing anything inside there. I got to about the second knuckle before I was suddenly met by a wall of some sort. Through sex education I came to realize that this was the barrier of my virginity. I let my finger linger for a moment longer before pulling out, knowing now that the path I was on would eventually lead me to losing that.
I turned my attention back to the TV, the pair had switched up, the redhead now licking, sucking and fingering the mocha beauty's pussy. I fell back to rubbing my clit, as well as stroking my aching cock. I kept myself at a slow pace, not wanting to cum so quick so that I could enjoy myself.
On the screen the pair kept switching up pleasuring each other after a while producing fake plastic cock and pushing them into each other. I let my fantasies roll in my head, imagining that I was with them, giving them my cock, having those mouths on my nipples and pussy, getting those toys pushed into me. After a while the mocha woman put a harness on her hips that had one of those fake cocks sticking out of it and started fucking the redhead as if she were a man with a real cock.
More fantasies flooded my head as I imagined fucking them and them fucking me. My head swirled and suddenly I was pushed over the edge again, my cock spraying more of my seed in the air as I cried out. Something else happened also, it felt like a bomb of pleasure exploded in my pussy too. I could feel it clamping down and releasing over and over. My guess was that this was what happened when the female part came. I couldn't decide which one I like more.
At this point I surveyed my body and realized that I was a mess. A lot of my body and some of my clothes were covered in my cum. I blushed wondering what the Stripes would think of me if they saw me like this. I decided not to dwell on the idea, got up and headed to the bathroom. I quickly cleaned up as best as I could and returned back to the living room.
The two women were still on. The mocha girl had just pushed a long double sided dildo into her own pussy and was now pushing the other end into the redhead. I sat back down to watch again as they started to thrust into each other, no longer super turned on but more intrigued at what they were doing. Soon they suddenly both threw their heads back and wailed, climaxing together, bodies shaking as they did. They then pulled the dildo out and each sucked on the end that had been in the other woman as the camera faded out.
I was two seconds from turning the channel, thinking that I was finished as my cock was spent and limp and my pussy only tingled lightly, when another scene came on. On the screen showed a close up of a long and thick chocolate colored cock. A woman's lips, highlighted with blood red lipstick, traveled up and down the hard shaft taking it deep. As the camera panned out it showed that the cock belonged to olive skinned man who was already naked, bald with rippling muscles and had a bleach blond white girl, in only a pair of pink fishnets and red heels, taking him eagerly into her mouth. I stared at how big the guy was, at least nine inches and a little thicker than me.
The woman kept taking him deeper into her mouth, and at one point pushed her own head down until her nose pressed against his abs before herself off his cock, gasping when she did. When he asked if she liked the feeling of his cock sliding down her throat she replied with a lustful yes. He chuckled before lifting her up and laying her down on the couch that was next to them.
The man lowered his face between her legs and started licking and sucking on her cunt lips. He ate her until she came before sitting up and kneeling there, pushing the head of his massive cock against her sex pushing. I felt my cock start to harden as let out a lustful moan, not believing that I was getting turned on again.
I was about to grip my shaft again when I heard a car in the driveway making me jump. I quickly changed the channel and pulled on my discarded panties, getting myself straight and presentable. I had just finished when the Stripes walked into the front door. I tried to hide my blush as I greeted them. About five minutes later I was in Mr. Stripes car being driven home. On the way Mr. Stripes tried to make small talk and I apologized that I was feeling really sleepy, when in actuality I was thinking about what I had been doing, scenes and fantasies going through my mind, I felt myself starting to harden again and forced myself to stop.
Once I got home I headed straight for my room, my parents were way past asleep. Once in the safety of my room I locked the door, stripped off all my clothes and laid on my bed. I started letting my hands roam, touching every sensitive spot they could find. My cock was rock hard again, pussy dripping wet also and my nipples were hard little buds. As I played every fantasy I had been thinking about came flooding back to me, mixing together.
Every person that I had seen on the TV was in the room with me. Their mouths and hands touching, licking and sucking. The guys began taking turns feeding me their cocks as the girls switched between licking my pussy and sucking my cock. When they didn't have access to me they turned on each other.
Soon the guys were mounting me, thrusting their cocks into me and fucking me senseless. The women were taking their turns riding and getting fucked by me. It quickly turned into a free for all, the men fucking all of us as the girls produced toys to use as well. At some point the girls turned into herms like me, fucking and getting fucked, cum spraying from cocks as bodies shook in orgasm. It was a crazy vision and it had me turned on beyond imagination and quickly pushed me over the edge.
Suddenly I screamed as the biggest orgasm of the night exploded out of me, my cum shooting into air. My pussy pulsed as pleasure shot through my entire shaking body. I collapsed, my body still shaking and quivering as I panted and tried to come back to my senses. I was suddenly aware of knocking on the door and sound of my mother's voice.
"Miranda?!" My mother called out. "Miranda honey? What's wrong? Are you ok?"
"Yea, I'm fine mom," I blushed realizing I had just woken her up with my orgasm. "Sorry... there uh... was a really big... spider on my bed! I startled me."
"It must have been one big spider," my mother answered. "Ok, welcome home sweetheart. I going back to bed. We'll see you in the morning."
I listened to my mother walking away and breathed a sigh of relief. Sighing a second time I looked down at my body, was again covered in my cum. At least this time I could take a shower. After I finished washing up I climbed back into bed and underneath the covers, thoughts through my head as it hit the pillow. Right before I drifted off to sleep I realized that this was a turning point for me. I wanted everything that I had fantasized about and knew that I would get it, one way or another.