She's not sure why she had been so bent on seducing him. Probably it was because she wanted to confirm that last night was more than a drunken fling. She'd known at the time that it was a bad idea.

But he'd smiled, and used that mouth of his to good effect, and whispered a number of things in her ear that she'd never guess she'd hear from him...

And she fell for it. Who said that the old tried-and-true seduction techniques didn't work? Alcohol, soft kisses, sweet words. 'When the blood burns, how prodigal the soul lends the tongue vows...' Shakespeare really wasn't kidding.

Maybe she went for him again because she felt like a fool.

Knowing he was right doesn't make it any easier to get up, but she does. And takes a long, hot shower, hoping he'll wake up and join her. That doesn't happen. She feels a sudden need for control; her body is torn between crying and wanting to throw up.

She wishes she'd hit him harder.

But she dismisses these thoughts and gathers her clothes and puts them on neatly. Her hair she brushes back into a severe tail and she scrubs her face clean in cold water. She tidies the room as well, trying to remove the traces of her presence, and sets his alarm to wake him in time for his afternoon meetings.

Finally, she stands at the bedroom door and watches him sleep. A part of her - most of her - still wants him to wake up and tell her to stay. She indulges herself for a few minutes, this one last time.

Turning, she takes her glass to the kitchen and washes it. The last evidence of her is gone. She lingers in the hall by the apartment door for a moment, trying not to cry but not succeeding very well. She stifles her mouth and nose with her fist, opening the door.

And hears her name. She thinks she's dreaming, but there it is again. And again. The tears start to fall and she presses her hand to her mouth to stop the sobs. Her purse falls to the floor and she hears him call her again.

Some part of her needs to leave. She doesn't have the strength for another shouting match and she can't imagine what will come out of her mouth if she stays. And he does happen to be right. But the greater part of her can't imagine not coming when he calls.

She doesn't like that either.

She's torn about what to do when she realises that her hand has softly closed the door again. She's still inside. She stares at her hand on the doorknob and wonders what it means.

She hears a noise behind her and starts. He's tearing out of the bedroom naked, hopping to put on his boxers and looking absolutely ridiculous as his bits bounce back and forth.

She leans her back against the door, still clutching the doorknob, and laughs at him even though there are tears on her cheeks.

He stops, boxers around his knees, and straightens to look at her. "You're still here," he says dumbly.

"Yes."

He opens his mouth to say something, then shuts it again. He tries to take a step towards her and nearly trips over his underwear. She laughs again.

He grins sheepishly. "Do you want them on or off?"

The smile fades from her face.

"I get a choice?"

"Yeah," he says softly. "Absolutely."

She walks up to him. "You have to be at work soon," she reminds him, running her hands across his chest.

"Not that soon." He smiles at her and she's lost again.

"Okay," she agrees.

"And -" he pauses, uncertain. "We need to talk."

"Now?" She takes her hands off him.

"You'll be here when I get back?" He feels stabs of both relief and guilt when she turns that sweet, happy face to him and nods.

In that case -" She bends and quickly strips the boxers off him, draping them over his shoulder. "This belongs in the bedroom."

"No problem," he says, sweeping her up in his arms, intent on carrying her there.

She's giving him a somber look and he wants to change her mood. He puts his mouth to her ear and blows in it. She giggles and tickles him. He laughs in surprise and runs his fingers over the backs of her knees, loving the way she squirms in his arms.

She kisses his neck and he growls. "C'mon," she says.

Before he kisses her, he whispers something in her ear, and she smiles.

THE REAL END