“Okay. Ruby. What do you want?”

She tilts her head. “You’re making a mistake.”

Sam can’t help but laugh. “Oh, man, you’re gonna have to do better than that.”

“How much of the sales pitch do you want?” she asks.

“Give me the short version.”

“Okay. The short version.” She kicks her legs out in front of her and crosses her ankles. Lounging. “You do this, and the world is going to die screaming, and you and Dean are going to spend a long, long time as the personal playthings of someone who makes Azazel look like a kindergartener with a bad temper. That short enough for you?”

“And me becoming some kind of demon lackey is going to stop that, huh?” Sam asks, not trying to keep the skepticism from his voice.

“Oh, please,” Ruby scoffs. “You already know you aren’t meant to be anyone’s lackey.”

Yeah, Sam kind of got that when he sent fifty-odd demons up in a puff of smoke. But he shrugs. “I don’t really know what you guys want with me.”

“Okay, first? There is no ‘you guys’. Demons are about as united as humans are. Everyone’s got an agenda, and the grunts are just keeping their heads down trying to survive.”

“Is that what you are? A grunt?” He’s trying to piss her off—hoping for a reason to end the conversation—but she just fixes him with a steady look.

“Why, are you hiring?” The way she’s holding her body—the tilt of her eyebrows: her lips—makes the question half-challenge, half-come on.

The darkness stretches in response and Sam digs his hands into the earth, stomach turning. “The day I work with any of you lying, twisted—”

“Let’s skip the name-calling,” Ruby interrupts. All hints of the seductress are suddenly gone, leaving her almost sexless as she levels a dark-eyed look at him. “Here’s the deal. Someone’s coming. Someone big. Almost as big as they get down below. She gets hold of your world, and Hell is going to start looking a lot more appealing.”

“This big shot have a name?” Sam asks.

He doesn’t expect her to actually tell him, but she says in a soft, almost fearful, voice, “Lilith.”

“The Lilith? As in Adam’s first wife?”

“She’d like people to think so, anyway. She could be. She’s strong enough to be that old.”

“And she’s on her way here.” Sam doesn’t want to believe it, but he does. He’d know if Ruby were lying to him.

“Scratching at the gate,” Ruby agrees, tossing her hair. It’s an oddly human gesture. “She’s going to find a way out eventually, and when she does—”

“Rain of toads, fire from the heavens, yeah I got it. What I don’t get is how you think I have anything to do with it.”

“If you accept your true potential, you’ll be strong enough to fight her,” Ruby tells him, leaning forward with an earnest expression. “I can help you—keep you from turning too far. I can help you remember what it’s like to be human.”

“What about Dean? Whenever I use this—this thing, I want to kill him.”

“I can help with that, too,” Ruby promises. “All you have to do is accept who you are, and I can fix everything. You get to save the world and keep Dean while you do it. Even you have to admit that’s one hell of a bargain, Sam.”

It is. On the surface, anyway. But if these last few weeks have taught him nothing else, it’s that taking things at surface value is a good way of winding up dead.

“What would you get out of it?” Sam asks.

She fixes him with a sardonic look. “As the right-hand girl of the new world order? I don’t know, what do you think I’d get out of it?”

Sam is familiar with the concept of alternate realities, each one spawned by the incalculable turnings a single event can take. He has seen those worlds in his nightmares, where that final confrontation with the yellow-eyed demon went so many different ways. What he sees now are less a work of his imagination and more a product of the boiling, dark power inside of him.

He tells Ruby yes, but not even she is stronger than the ancestral hatred between demon and berserker. He rips Ruby apart when she tries to stop him, and then spends five days amusing himself with Dean. He would have played longer, but he takes a little too long scrounging up some more toys to use, and when he comes back Dean has somehow managed to claw out his own throat with his broken fingers. Too bad, so sad. Sam leaves the body where it lies and heads out to have some real fun.

Or;

He tells Ruby yes, and when the darkness takes him, he forgets everything but the desire to break the pretty, defenseless world around him. Ruby shows him how. She teaches him to laugh again, and to smile, and to enjoy himself. He loses compassion, and kindness, and love, but he doesn’t miss them. He doesn’t even miss his brother, dead years past at Bobby Singer’s hand.

Or;

He tells Ruby yes, and she reins him in when they go to reclaim Dean. Dean rolls over, letting Sam do anything he wants, which isn’t all that surprising. He’s been rolling over for Sam his whole life, after all. It takes Sam years to realize that Ruby is moving Dean’s body like a puppet: making him lie with everything but his eyes.

Turns out she can even do that, given enough motivation and time to practice.

Or;

He tells Ruby yes, and Dean comes with them to make sure that ‘the bitch’ doesn’t turn Sam into something he’s not. They don’t fuck. They can’t even touch without Sam needing Ruby to calm him down, but that’s okay. Because he’s got Dean by his side for four good years until Lilith shows up. When she kills Sam, it’s with Dean lying chained and naked and bloody at her feet.

Or;

He tells Ruby yes, and she fulfills all of her promises. Dean is resistant at first—keeps shying away even when Sam promises that it’s okay, that he won’t hurt him, that he loves him, so beautiful, Dean, so lovely—but eventually he learns better. Eventually, it turns out, even Dean can learn to submit.

There are more visions—too many to count, too many to properly see. A trillion different shades of darkness and pain and in all of them, Dean dies. Dean dies horrible, bloodied deaths. Dean’s mind dies but his body keeps going, pliant and unresisting under Sam’s hands. Dean dies, again and again, and he is broken and mutilated and no no NO.

“No,” Sam whispers.

“I don’t think you understand what’s at stake here, Sam,” Ruby says, frowning.

Still shaken by the visions—God, some of them were so real—Sam scrubs a hand across his face. “No,” he repeats more firmly. And then, meeting her eyes, he adds, “And you can take that body back where you found it and then go back to Hell.” He pushes when he says it, just a little, and Ruby’s eyes go wide and frightened as she stands up and starts off out of the firelight.

“And stay there!” Sam shouts after her. He isn’t sure how long that command will work—probably not long at all after he gets rid of the darkness within him—but it’s worth a shot, anyway. One less demon running around topside is always a good thing.

He makes himself wait until Ruby has had enough time to get a long way off and then moves to the edge of the firelight and pukes. He can still see Dean’s broken, abused body in his mind: Dean violated in every way Sam could have imagined—and in some he couldn’t, although now they’re on loop in his mind in vivid Technicolor.

He pukes until his stomach is empty, and it’s red, and it’s blood. Dean, he thinks, and, I won’t.

But he’s deathly afraid that it’s too late, and he will.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Sometime around noon the next day, Sam finally feels warm again. He isn’t calm, but the images in his head have lost their vividness. He sits by the fire that hasn’t needed any more wood or tending since it let out that burst of flame and waits. It’s boring, but at least he has animals to watch. Dean is stuck staring at the walls of the cabin, and he has no idea what’s happening to Sam.

Sam chews on his lip. Would Dean have been more upset or less if he knew what Sam was going to do? More, probably. Best that Sam didn’t say anything.

The most exciting thing that happens that day is a squabble between two squirrels over a pinecone. Sam’s bored enough that he picks sides and tosses a pine cone of his own into the fire when his squirrel loses, but nervous enough that he can’t sleep.

Then night returns, bringing his fears with it. He gets as close to the fire as he can and thinks of Dean, wide awake in the cabin. He wonders if Dean is angry, or if he’s just worried, and digs a hole in the ground with his heel.

Fills it in with his other heel.

Digs it out again.

God, this is boring.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Sam walks around a little the next day, but he can’t go far. Whenever he moves more than ten feet from the fire his skin goes suddenly, icily cold, even though it’s warm enough for the air to be thick with bugs. It’s strange, he realizes, but there aren’t any bugs in the clearing. By all rights, Sam should have been investigated by ants and spiders and beetles of all types by now. Mosquitoes, certainly. But there’s been nothing.

Now that he’s aware of the phenomenon, he watches for it.

Birds that seem to be flying in a direct line over the clearing will swerve to one side or the other for no apparent reason. Swarms of gnats stream around it like the water of a fast-running river parting around rocks. A squirrel—maybe one of the two he watched yesterday—prepares to bound across the clearing and then skitters back into the cover of the trees as if the ground is electrocuted.

Sam would say it’s just the instinctual fear of fire at play, but he doesn’t really think that’s the reason. He can’t smell the fire anymore, for one, and while it gives off plenty of light it isn’t hot. He’s pretty sure he could walk through it and come out the other side unsinged. Not sure enough to try it, but pretty sure.

No, the wildlife is avoiding the clearing for some other reason. It’s as if they can sense what Sam is doing: as if the ritual has changed the clearing in some vital way.

Hallowed ground, Sam thinks.

The phenomenon is interesting for a few hours or so and then he’s back to being bored again.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
A second night and Sam still hasn’t slept. He doesn’t feel any inclination to, either. In the night, the darkness inside of him whispers. It promises him things—power, knowledge, Jess, Dad … But most of all, Dean.

He’ll love you, it tells him.

He needs to be controlled: tamed.

He’ll feel so good, and he’ll never come to you otherwise. He’s too broken.

That last one hits a little too close to home. Dean has been hurt, and Sam doesn’t know if his brother is ever going to want anything physical between them. He reminds himself that it doesn’t mean Dean won’t love him: that he’ll have his brother’s love, which is more than he ever thought he’d get. But Sam is still young, and he can’t deny he wants more—wants everything he glimpsed in that dream they shared over and over again: wants it for real.

Oh God, the temptation …
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
It’s the third day. Sam thinks that the quiet and the solitude may be driving him crazy. He wonders why he hasn’t gotten hungry yet, or tired.

He wonders how Dean is.

And he waits.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
“Sixty-four bottle of beer on the wall,” Sam sings. He’s lying on his back staring up at the night sky, and the darkness is back full force. He’s singing in an attempt to drown it out, but it isn’t working very well.

…so warm and tight. He needs it: needs you to tell him what to do. He’s always needed it, hasn’t he? So subservient, always wanting to please you, and he can—he can be very pleasing …

Damned thing has been singing in the same key since the sun went down: wrapping its oily, suggestive voice around Dean’s name and filling him with thoughts of Dean on his back, bent over a table, up against the wall. Dean held down by Sam’s hands, tied up in silk scarves, chained in gold. Dean begging for it, and panting, and sweat-slick, and trembling, and beautiful.

Sam’s been hard and aching since word one.

…want him riding you? Want to watch all those toned muscles work while he fucks himself on you? He’ll do it. He’ll do all of it, Sammy: you just need to give in. Accept who you are and you can have him. You can have that pretty, pretty mouth anytime you want …

“Sixty-six bot—goddamn it!”

The darkness laughs at him and retreats a little. And really, it can afford to: if Sam can’t even concentrate enough to get through one round of the most repetitive song in existence, then he’s dangerously close to giving in.

All it will take is one word. One nod. One single, tiny surrender and it’ll all be over.

Sam clenches his hands into fists and starts to sing.

“Ninety-nine bottles of beer on the wall …”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
He isn’t going to make it until morning.

Sam can feel himself slipping. He’s leaving bloody fingernail marks behind, but he’s going. He’s listening to the darkness more than he’s trying to ignore it. Wondering if it would be so bad, making Dean his. Maybe he can use the power to fix his brother: to make Dean not hurt so much inside anymore. That’s got to be good, right? Sam doesn’t have to let the power use him.

That’s right, Sammy, the darkness soothes. You’re in charge. Whatever you say goes. We can make that happen together. Anything you want. Anyone you want.

Dean, Sam thinks. I want Dean.

He’s yours, the darkness purrs, sliding closer. Every last bit of perfect, freckled skin. Every last fleck of lime in those pretty green eyes. 

Mine, Sam thinks, staring at the stars. There’s a new constellation there in the shape of a ginkgo leaf. My Dean.

He doesn’t understand what he’s seeing at first. He thinks it’s a meteor or a comet, but it’s subtly the wrong color—gold instead of white light—and it’s coming … it’s coming for him.

Sam scrambles to his feet and backs away from the fire as the gold streak of light flares down from the night sky and dashes itself into the heart of the fire. The darkness isn’t whispering to him anymore. Now it’s hissing, angry and territorial and … and frightened? Yes, Sam thinks it is.

He can think more clearly now that the darkness isn’t so totally focused on him, and there’s enough of him left to be curious what kind of animal is going to come toward him out of the fire. A bear like Dad’s? A wolf, like Dean? Snake, hawk, fox, tiger, owl? He’s fairly certain that, whatever it is, it will be a hunter. He’s killed too much to attract anything else.

The fire doesn’t so much part as it changes, condensing into a blistering hot golden light that’s too bright for Sam to look at directly. He averts his eyes, backing further away, and trips over one of the many holes he dug in the ground while he was waiting.

::You called. I came.::

No, that isn’t what it says.

::DeanbrothermateSamSammyJohnsonhunterthinkerwoundeddark called. Slyeststalkerfastestrunneragiletrackerquiethunterstriketheneckandbreakthebackwoundeddark came.::

That’s what it says.

“You, uh. Your name is longer than mine,” Sam says intelligibly, still shielding his eyes.

::Yes. I am older.:: It sounds mildly amused. ::Look.::

Sam tries and then winces away. God, the light the thing is giving off is burning his retinas. “I don’t think I can,” he whispers.

::If you can not look, then there is no hope of bonding,:: comes the implacable reply. ::Look.::

Sam tries again. He bites his lower lip and forces himself to open his eyes. It burns. He feels like he’s going to go blind any second, but it keeps burning and he keeps seeing. Then, finally, there’s an agonized, furious hiss in his head and something loosens its grip on him. He can see.

He can see and it’s beautiful.

Sleek, agile body. Large, padded feet built for silence. Powerful hindquarters built for the swift sprint and the long leap. Round head with erect ears and powerful jaw. Intelligent, deep eyes. Tail twitching slightly, as though it’s caught scent of something it would like to sink its claws into.

A cougar of flame and golden light.

Of course, Sam thinks, and, yes, because it isn’t what he would have chosen for himself but it’s right, it’s so right he feels like he’s been half a soul all his life …

::You have,:: the cougar tells him. ::But I am not your other half.::

Who? Sam thinks, and knows before the answer comes.

::Dean,” they say together, although again the cougar’s name is more complicated than that: all the things that Dean is instead of the word those images surround.

Sam doesn’t know if it’s true, but he likes the thought of being connected to his brother like that: likes the feel of it in his mind and around his heart. He’s never going to bring the notion up around Dean, of course. There’d never be an end to the Harlequin paperback jokes.

The cougar comes closer and Sam notices that there’s a dark swathe down its left flank. When the fire rolls through that spot, it goes back and cold: it goes dead. Just looking at the scar makes him feel sick.

::Yes,:: the cougar says. ::It is an old wound. I am … not perfect. But I can fight. I am strong. I came. I am not beautiful but I am brave enough to stand and fight the deathlessdark. No other will come.::

Sam realizes with a start that it’s ashamed. It’s ashamed and afraid that he’ll send it away for having something that it perceives as a flaw.

It’s so ridiculous that he has to laugh.

The cougar stiffens and starts to draw back and Sam takes a step after it, reaching. Wait! I’m not laughing at you. I wouldn’t. I have my own scars. He doesn’t mean the ones on his skin. He wouldn’t dare to compare those to the black sickness running down the cougar’s flank.

I have my own battle, he adds. But you know that.

::Yes.:: It sits down, slightly mollified, and pretends to wash its face while watching him with one eye. ::This could end you,:: it remarks casually. ::It could end both of us.::

I know. I don’t care. 

::You have to care,:: the cougar corrects him. ::You have to want to stalkpouncefeedfuck. You have to want it more than the deathlessdark wants to keep you.::

You seem different, Sam tells it. Than Dean’s wolf, I mean.

::I am older,:: the cougar answers, swishing its tail. ::Eldest. I have watched your people long. Littlerunner is young. He moves too quickly. He does not think. He does not know. I am … worried.::

About what? Sam asks, his chest tightening. Jesus Christ, what else could possibly go wrong?

::We shall speak after,:: the cougar tells him. ::We must try soon, if we try at all.:: Then, almost shyly, it adds, ::We would be a good match. We are both scarred. Two-as-one maybe … not so scarred. Maybe whole again.::

“You’re already beautiful,” Sam says aloud. His voice comes out in a dry rasp, and he jumps a little at the sound of it.

The cougar flicks its ears as it rises to its feet again. ::You have a silver tongue,:: it jokes. ::You should have called a fox.::

It wouldn’t have been right, Sam thinks, switching back to this easier, faster method of communication.

::No,:: the cougar agrees. ::A fox would be too tame for you. Too weak. We fit.::

Yeah, Sam agrees. He wants to reach out and run his hands along the cougar’s side—see if it feels like flame or fur—but he doesn’t quite dare.

::Ready?:: the cougar asks.

Sam can feel the darkness inside of him coil, bracing itself.

“Yes.”

The cougar pounces, and instead of knocking him to the ground, it somehow dives inside of him. Flame flickers across his skin before sinking inside, and his vision wavers with heat haze. He notes, distantly, that the sun is rising.

Then there’s nothing but the fire.

It hurts. It hurts more than Sam thought possible, searing his nerves into flaking ash over and over again until he’s screaming with it. His muscles are locked: rigid with the agony of the cougar prowling through him. It’s going everywhere—every single corner of his mind and soul—and leaving that blinding, sharp-edged light behind. Hunting down the darkness.

After the initial shock, Sam starts to slide inside of himself to follow it and is stopped by a feather-light thought.

::Wait. The stalk and pounce.::

Sam has never done this before, but he understands instantly. The cougar is driving the darkness—the demon taint—out of hiding. It’s making itself a target.

Sam is the cougar in the brush.

After days of waiting, a few more minutes shouldn’t be that difficult to manage, but they are. The pain in Sam’s body keeps amping up as the light and the heat build, and he thinks that he has probably fallen over in the real world. He’s probably screaming and kicking up dust and scaring the shit out of the local wildlife.

In here, he’s quiet and still. He lets the flame flicker around him and hides in the shadows. He lets the pain flow over and through him and doesn’t cry out, although cougars do scream—they can. But he’s stalking. He’s silent. He lets the flame cover him and hides in the light now: he hides in the burning, searing pain of it all and—

The darkness rears forward. Sam more senses than sees it hit the cougar, latching on to that dark, wounded place in the cougar’s flank and tearing.

Sam comes forward and he still doesn’t scream. He’s silent, he’s the sound of hissing flame, and then he’s there and sinking his hands (claws) deep into the darkness and ripping.

The darkness screams, letting go of the cougar to round on him. A tiger by the tail, Sam thinks distantly as he hangs on. He rides the darkness, clinging where it can’t strike at him, and when it turns the cougar leaps as well. It doesn’t leap at the darkness, though: it leaps at Sam—through him—into him—into his soul—and the burning is even greater. Sam understands with great clarity that he’s going to die. Nothing can survive this much heat, this much pain.

All he can hope to do is take the darkness down with him.

Sam claws into it with every part of him that’s still good. He strikes with his courage, and his compassion, and the loyalty he feels to his flawed but loving father. He strikes with his fidelity and his fixed, unswerving belief that there is something greater than man: greater even than any spirit or demon: something all knowing and kind and good.

But most of his weapon is comprised of what he feels for Dean, which is at once so complicated and so simple. His brother. His comrade-in-arms. His friend. His love. His own.

The darkness hisses and draws back, dripping ichor and bile.

Sam thought that nothing could possibly hurt more than the burning, but he was wrong yet again because this does. This is cold acid and pieces of himself shriveling up into rotten clumps. It’s death.

The darkness is finally dying, but so is he.

It was too late after all.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
When Sam comes back to himself, he’s vibrating. He’s lying on his back on the ground, naked and cold in the early dawn light, and he’s vibrating. But he’s not dead, which is a drastic improvement over where he thought he’d be, so he isn’t complaining.

“I’m vibrating,” he says aloud, just testing to see if his voice works.

He’s flooded with amusement suddenly. His and … and not his, at the same time. The vibrations increase.

“No, wait. I’m purring.”

::No. We are purring. We. Two-as-one.::

Sam puts his hand on his chest and there aren’t any vibrations: only the steady rise and fall of his breath. He still feels like he’s vibrating, though, and it takes him a few minutes to work out that it’s all inside of his head. Soul. Whatever.

Wow, this is completely disorienting.

On the plus side, he doesn’t feel the need to tear anyone’s throat out. That’s a good sign, right?

::Why would we want to do that?:: the cougar asks. Its amusement is sliding around thick and heavy inside Sam’s head, making it difficult to think.

“Could you … stop that? Or, uh, tone it down?” he asks.

After a moment, the vibrations drop to a dull roar and he can concentrate enough to sit up. “Thanks,” he says, rubbing his forehead. He feels pretty awesome, now that he’s thinking about it. His chest is … lighter … than it has been in months, and the slight, residual pain in his ear is gone. So are the scratches from the rabbit’s dying kicks.

Rabbit dying.

People dying.

He—oh God, he—

Sam rolls over to the side and his stomach tries to heave its way out of his throat and onto the ground. He hasn’t eaten anything in about four days, though, so all that comes out in a thin, burning string of bile. Shuddering, he stares at it.

Oh Jesus, how could he have—and he was going to blow up the entire building, all those people but he wanted to, and he shot Bela without even, he didn’t need to, he—

::Shh,:: the cougar whispers, and he’s enveloped by a strange sensation: like something warm and furred is rubbing up against his insides. ::That was not you. That was the sickness. That was the taint. You are clean now.::

“It isn’t—it isn’t that simple for me,” Sam pants, but at the same time it is—it is that simple—and his head feels like it’s going to explode.

“Oh my God,” he groans, and presses his face into the earth. Now he knows why berserkers always go insane. At one time, he’s just—he’s Sam Winchester, and he was born in 1983—and yet he’s also the cougar, not just old but ancient and so filled with knowledge that he’s back to the head exploding thing.

::It gets easier,:: the cougar tells him.

“Have you … ah … have you done this before?” Sam asks.

::No. There is only one bonding. We stand soul to soul now. Once we have finished merging, we will be only one soul. We will be one heart.::

It is permanent, then, and there never was anything Sam could have done to untangle Geri from his brother. Wait. The wolf.

“You were—last night, before the—” He doesn’t know what to call it, so he plucks a word out of the cougar's mind and continues, “—the brenna, you said something about the wolf. That you were worried.”

The cougar’s amusement fades. ::Yes. He is young. Impressionable. He longed for the old days, the old battles, the old warriors. This is why he answered the summons. Only the very young—or the very stupid—come now.::

“You came,” Sam points out as he slowly gets to his feet. He’s struck by the sensation of walking with both two and four feet at the same time and he manages to make it three whole steps before falling down again.

::Go slower,:: the cougar advises. ::We are still new. Still merging. We are not whole yet.::

“If you’re such an expert, then you try it,” Sam mutters into the ground.

The cougar immediately comes forward and Sam watches his own arms move around without his permission. The cougar manages to get them up onto Sam’s hands and knees and then drops them again, which takes a whole new kind of special, in Sam’s opinion.

The cougar retreats languidly, with an air of refinement and poise. As though it hadn’t just dropped Sam on his face for the second time in a minute.

::We will wait until are whole,:: it announces.

Sam turns his head and squints at the sky, which is lighter than he wants it to be. He wants to get back to Dean. Now. Yesterday. “How long is that gonna take?” he asks.

::Not long. You are open. We merge well.::

Sam frowns. “Did you just call me easy? No, wait. Scratch that. Go back to the wolf.”

::Littlerunner saw Deanmate. He saw into him. Deep. He saw a good bonding and took without asking. He is too eager. Impetuous.::

Sam can see how that would be bad from Dean’s point of view, but he still can’t figure out why the cougar is so worked up about it. And it is, he’s beginning to realize. The cougar isn’t just a little concerned: it’s worried. Very, very worried. If Sam pushes his mind in just the right way …

The cougar swats at him and then, perhaps rethinking the possibility that it can keep something from the guy it’s sharing a mind and soul with, it says, ::Yes, I am worried. A joining is only good if both are willing. If one of your people takes without asking, then there is madness. If an andi takes, there is sickness.:: 

It pauses and then says, ::If Deanmate does not accept the bonding, he will die. They will both die.::