The Changing Room
by davy1991

A story about some risky fun I had with my ex.

It was late one summer evening when Davy was sitting in his car with his girlfriend Emma beside him in the passenger seat. They were parked in a quiet spot at the top of a large hill where you could see all of the surrounding countryside below.

Both of them loved coming here late in the evening, drinking, talking and enjoying the view together 'till it got dark. They didn't get much good weather in Northern Ireland, even during the summer, so these rare moments where the evenings were clear and warm were special to them.

"How's work?" she asked "I remember you said you had a new boss running your division."

Davy smiled a little. "That cunt couldn't run a bath." He laughed softly.

Emma knew he didn't like his new boss much but she always liked to tease him about it.

"What about you?" he asked.

"Its not easy, some people just don't appreciate you even though you're trying your best for them. But I met you so I can't really complain." Emma laughed. She was a nurse and had met Davy when he was in hospital.

"Yeah there's worse sights you could wake up to." He teased.

"A good looking woman like me, you probably thought you were in heaven."

"if it was heaven, what would I be doing there?" he teased again.

They both laughed this time.

She leaned slightly toward her boyfriend and asked, "Are you free tomorrow?"

"yeah why?" "I've got something a bit naughty I'd like us to try."

The couple were no strangers to risky fun when naked and they both had a slight exhibitionist streak and loved the adrenaline rush they got from it. Although Emma had a great imagination and came up with most of the ideas for their adventures, it was Davy who gave her the confidence to see them through. She trusted him and felt safe with him, a fact she often communicated to him.

"What is it?" he asked, already intrigued. He gazed into her gentle blue eyes as they lit up when she began to explain her plan.

"Okay. So, I was thinking we could go to the pool and have a little fun - like you leave me naked in the changing cubicle for a few minutes or something." Emma was nervous but her telltale shy smile showed how excited she was about her little idea.

"I like the sound of that," said Davy with a smile of his own. "You must like it a fair bit."

Emma giggled, her eyes gesturing at the bulge in his trousers.

"I like you better." Davy's eyes were now locked with Emma's.

"Prove it," she said.

With that Davy leaned over and kissed her. It didn't take long before their clothes came off and they did what they had done so many other nights before in this spot.

Emma was practically squirming with anticipation as they pulled up to the local Swimming pool.

"You still wanna do this?" Davy asked.

"Ready when you are" she winked and giggled quietly. As they got out the car Emma was almost dragging him by the hand she was so excited. She was definitely eager to do this.

After paying the entry fee the couple wasted no time heading straight to the mixed changing rooms. They quickly found a cubicle for them both and hurried inside. As soon as the door closed behind them they looked at each other. Both of their eyes were wide with expectation of what they were about to do. The voices and footsteps outside the cubicle kept reminding them of how crazy this was. The adrenaline was almost making it hard for them to breathe.

Without saying a word Davy grabbed Emma by her hips, picked her up and set her down on the small bench. He pulled her grey tank top over her head and discarded it before unhooking her bra with his other hand, revealing her perfect c cup breasts. Davy pulled his green t shirt over his head and threw it beside her top.

Emma couldn't help herself and began running her fingers over his hard abs. She paused for a moment and finally broke the intimate silence. "I love this scar" she said as she looked him in the eye.

"Why's that?" He saddened a little as he remembered how he got it.

Noticing his change in mood she stood up and held his face in her hands. "It shows you're a survivor." She held her boyfriend tight to her, pressing her bare skin against his. Emma kissed him briefly, running her hands through his short black hair.

He smiled back. "Can't kill a bad thing love." He returned the gesture, moving a strand of soft blonde hair out of her face. He traced his finger slowly across her face and down to her shoulders, gently pushing her back down to the bench. His smile turned naughty again as he stood over her.

His girlfriend undid her jeans and slid them off her toned ass. He lifted her legs up and pulled her jeans and panties off, making her buck naked. She leaned back against the wall and spread her legs, she wanted to give her man a good view of what was his.

Davy bit his lip as he took in every inch of her.

"Like what you see?" She giggled.

"I do, and I think you like it as well." He gestured to her erect nipples and increasingly wet pussy.

She sat forward and grabbed the belt of his jeans, pulling him into her. "Your turn." With that she undid his trousers and pulled them down, letting out a small, excited gasp when her eyes landed on his Cock. They had been together a while now but she still got surprised at how large he was.

He stepped out of his jeans and put them with the rest of the clothes. Davy put his finger under his girlfriend's chin and tilted her head up to look at him. She was starry eyed. "Ready love?" He said.

"Do it." She said excitedly.

With that Davy put both their clothes in a bag and wrapped a towel round himself. "I won't be too long. Behave yourself." He said. He left the cubicle to lock their clothes away, leaving the naked vulnerable Emma trapped in the cubicle surrounded by people.

Emma knew just how exposed she was, she could hear the footsteps and voices of the public only a few feet away from her. They went about their business with no idea that there was a naked girl right next to them, cornered with nowhere to go. Her only hope of safety had been taken away by her boyfriend. She had no idea where he was, how long he'd be or even if he would return at all. "Would he leave me like this?" She thought. The excitement was making her long smooth legs slightly weak.

The cool tile floor on her bare feet sent shivers throughout her nude form. Her entire body was shaking a little, partly out of fear of being caught but more from arousal. Emma began rubbing her hands gently over her body, her toned legs, arms and tummy. She told herself that it was because she was slightly cold and was trying to keep warm, she wouldn't admit it even to herself but she secretly enjoyed it. Emma savoured the feeling of her own hands caressing and loving her soft white skin, squeezing her full breasts and stroking her smooth stomach as her toes curled.

The riskiness of her situation was making her aroused, her own hands felt good but she yearned for the warmth of her boyfriend's hands too. Emma felt undeniable pleasure but it was only so fulfilling alone, happiness like this was supposed to be shared. She knew the importance of having that one person who understood you like no one else could. To her there was nothing more valuable than that human connection and in this moment she needed her other half.

The more Emma thought about her situation the more turned on she became, her mind began to wander to dark perverse places.

"What's he going to do to me when he comes back? Would he grab me with his strong arms and throw me out of this cubicle? Would he take me in front of those people?"

Emma imagined her boyfriend fucking her as she lay naked and completely powerless in front of dozens of strangers. The bare blonde's thoughts caused her body to tremble even more. Her heart rate and breathing quickend as her ample breasts heaved with anticipation of what Davy would do to her when he came back.

Before long the questions racing through Emma's mind were answered as Davy returned in only a towel.

"Miss me?" He smirked.

His girlfriend was leaning forward slightly, like a wild animal ready to pounce on their prey. Davy could see the hunger in her eyes and the anticipation all over her toned naked body.

Emma looked him up and down as she bit her lip. "Lose the towel" she ordered, ignoring his question.

"Make me" he teased.

With no hesitation she moved on her man. Kissing him and running her hands down his hard abs. She pulled the towel away and threw it behind her not caring where it landed, her man was all she wanted in this moment.

Now both naked the couple continued to kiss and hold eachother intimately.

Davy ran his strong hands down the smooth skin of Emma's back and squeezed her tight ass firmly, pulling her right into him so her soft breasts pressed against his broad chest.

Emma had her arms around her boyfriends neck, running her fingers through his dark hair and feeling the muscles in his shoulders move for her. After a few minutes the kiss broke, they were both noticeably "excited" between their legs.

"Sit down" she whispered to him.

Davy sat down on the bench in the cubicle.

Emma moved in front of him, she leaned forward and placed her hands on his shoulders. As she began to straddle him her boyfriend spoke.

"Em we can't, I don't have a condom."

The blonde stared at him intensely, "I don't care" she said.

He knew she was on the pill but not using protection was still a big deal for her, they'd only done it a couple of times.

Sensing his concern for her she held his face in her hands and reassured him. "It's ok love, I want this." Emma paused for a couple of seconds and then nodded slightly, letting him know she was comfortable with it.

"Are you sure?" Davy asked.

"Please" she whispered as she started kissing him again, "please."

After having her pleas answered the pair took a few moments to catch their breath. Davy was leaning against the corner of the cubicle as she lay in his chest with his arms around her. She felt secure and oddly warm despite being bare-ass naked in the cool changing area.

"Well, that was fun! Hope no one heard us..." She exhaled with a laugh.

"Dunno love, you weren't exactly quiet" he chuckled softly.

"I couldn't help that" Emma raised her voice with a playful tone. Turning to face him and pushing his shoulder, unable to contain her glowing smile.

"my fault as usual then eh?" He teased, making her giggle.

"You're a guy, everything's your fault" she fired back, getting a laugh of her own from him.

Sweating slightly from their "exercise" Davy suggested they finally go to the pool and relax.

"you wanna get our stuff and we'll go in?"

"Me!?" she asked, slightly shocked.

"Yeah, i went first time, your turn"

Emma paused for a couple of seconds. "That towel's too small, I'll hardly be able to cover much!"

"Just be glad you'll have a towel" he grinned, planting another seed in her imagination of her having to run around completely naked looking for their swimsuits.

Emma's eyes widened at the suggestion and she inhaled sharply.

"Locker 36, it says it on the key." He reminded her.

"Ok" she said as she stood up suddenly, fingers and toes curled, stomach tightened. Looking him in the eye and biting her lip nervously.

Davy couldn't help but be proud of how brave she was and smiled warmly, making her feel slightly more at ease. "That's my girl." He got up and lead her towards the door. In a reassuring gesture he picked up the towel and wrapped it round her, rubbing her back in an attempt to warm and comfort her.

"Oh God i can't believe I'm doing this." she whispered excitedly.

Her boyfriend put his arm around her shoulder and pulled her close. Turning her to face him, he gave her a quick kiss on the forehead. "You'll be ok" With those final words of encouragement he guided her out the door with his hand on the small of her back. Giving her a playful slap on the ass, he sent her off on her search.

As Emma was slapped out the door she heard it lock behind her, there was no going back now. The cubicle had offered some protection but the brightly lit hallway was very different and left her extremely exposed. Not to mention the fact she was almost certainly going to walk past several people who would see her in a towel that was clearly way too small for her and covered very little.

Now bathed in light and feeling slightly more vulnerable the self conscious Emma looked down at herself. Despite her anxiety she had to admit she looked good. The illumination made her long flowing blonde hair shine radiantly as it rested over her right shoulder. She gently ran her hand through it several times, savouring it's soft feel. She loved her boyfriend but also kind of fancied herself in a strange way too.

Deciding it would be best to get moving she began to walk. As the towel clad woman made her way to the locker where her bare feet tapped on the tile floor, announcing every step of the nervous blonde's journey and highlighting her vulnerable state even further.

She was right about the towel not being able to cover much and struggled to maintain her modesty. The bottom was pulled down as low as possible but she knew if she bent forward even slightly her toned ass and shaved pussy would be on show to everyone. The mental image alone gave her tingles between her legs.

To keep her increasingly warmer nether regions covered meant having the towel sit lower on her chest, the top started just above her erect nipples. Her large chest didn't help matters either. Not to mention the fact that her full breasts were swelling from arousal, heaving up and down from her rapid breathing caused by the fear of her predicament.

Despite her best efforts Emma was practically spilling out of the tiny towel and she'd be lying if she said she hadn't thought about just throwing it off then and there, letting the the cool air embrace every inch of her. She was undeniably nervous but deep down she knew she was enjoying this. Her dirty mind continually filled with naughty thoughts as she tried and failed to stay focused.

Fortunately for struggling girl there were no people nearby for the moment, which was just as well given how visibly turned on she was but her anxiousness kept her going. Even though it was an adults only facility she had no desire to get in any trouble with the staff or other pool users, especially in her current state.

When she walked the bottom of the towel would flap open as her legs moved forward, exposing her smooth thighs all the way, making it obvious that she was wearing nothing underneath. She could just about keep covered if she stood up straight and moved carefully. Though the cool air repeatedly kissing her most intimate area made things rather challenging. More challenging still was the fact that her juices were starting to drip down her legs. It was getting harder and harder to hide her perverted enjoyment of her improper behaviour.

Eventually Emma managed to cover the short distance to the locker. She'd been lucky that she hadn't run into anybody yet but she didn't want to push her luck by staying out in the open any longer than necessary. She also secretly wanted to get back to the privacy of the cubicle before her more primal tendencies and dirty mind caused her to do something foolish.

She quickly unlocked the door with her key and got their stuff out. She closed it and turned to go back to her Davy, hoping she'd be just as fortunate this time as well and not be spotted.

She felt relief when reached the door of the cubicle but was also a little pent up from her trip. The warmth Below her tummy had been steadily growing ever since she was pushed out of the cubicle. For a brief moment she considered relieving some tension when she got back inside.

Emma gave three quick taps on the door and it opened slightly. She moved to enter but was instructed to wait.

"Ah ah" Davy said, holding his palm up in a stop gesture.

"I did it now let me in" Emma whispered quickly with a hint of desperation in her voice.

"Give me the stuff first so I can put my shorts on."

His girlfriend sighed with frustration and rolled her eyes. She wasn't really in a position to argue and held out both her arms, just wanting to get inside as fast as possible.

Davy didn't take them out of her hand however and nonchalantly said "towel too." without missing a beat.

Emma's eyes almost bulged out of her head. "But I've got nothing else on" she yelped quietly.

"You heard me, towel now." He stated.

Emma was surprised at how quickly she obeyed his order. There was something about the strength in his voice that just took control of her and made her want to do anything he said. It was also possible she didn't want to admit part of her had been wanting to do it and just needed a reason. She rationalised it wasn't her fault. She was a nurse, a medical professional. Someone respectable like that would never be caught running around naked in a public place.

Whatever the reason she whipped the towel off and surrendered it to her boyfriend, freeing herself in the process. Her large breasts and precious wet pussy finally spilled out into the open. Her perfect and flawless body being revealed like a flower blooming as her only cover slid off her smooth soft white skin and into Davy's hands before disappearing completely.

"Good girl." He smiled with a evil grin. "give me a second to get dressed." With that the door closed and locked leaving Emma trapped outside once more, only this time barefoot and butt naked with nowhere to hide. If she felt exposed before then she was completely defenceless now.

Bright light and cool air touched every inch of her nude form in places where only her bathwater had seen. Her breathing became even quicker and her heartbeat pulsed stronger every second throughout her entire body.

The tingling between her legs demanded all of her attention as she became a little light headed. She could hear the footsteps of someone coming towards her. As the fear and adrenaline coursing through her body reached fever pitch her knees became weak and started to buckle, the person was getting closer. She rapped the cubicle door frantically, begging for mercy before it was too late.

Her stomach tightened when she glanced toward the sound of the footsteps and saw a 30 something woman in a blue one piece with medium length black hair starting directly into her eyes in shock. Emma tried to explain but only managed to half utter "I'm soorr... OHHHHHHH"

Moaning like a ghost with unfinished business Emma completely lost control of her body as her now soaking pussy clamped down on thin air and exploded all over her legs, spraying her bare feet before pooling on the floor she could barely stand up on. She couldn't believe it, she had orgasmed without even touching herself, standing in front of a complete stranger naked as the day she was born. Every part of her being, including what used to be inside her, was put on full display to the strange woman who had been eyeing her up and down while licking her lips subtly. Her juices that had gushed everywhere were now glistening in the bright light of the hallway, giving the blonde's fully exposed skin a heavenly glow to match the bliss she felt on the inside.

Emma struggled to catch her breath and was trying to form words when the cubicle door opened and she was gently pulled inside.

"Have fun?" Her boyfriend asked without getting a reply.

Emma was still coming down from her high and was trying to find her voice. "I... I don't....." she murmured dazedly.

Davy looked concerned and wondered if maybe he'd pushed her a little too far. He lowered his head and lifted her face with his hands to look her in the eye. He wrapped the towel around his girlfriend and sat down with her on the bench. Cradling her in his arms he rested her head on his shoulder while rubbing her back as she recovered.

Gently stroking her hair, he spoke slowly and softly "You're alright, you're safe now."

He continued in a reassuring tone. "There's no hurry, we can stay in here for as long as you want. And if you're uncomfortable I can take you home."

Even though Emma was unable to reply she understood his intent. Her boyfriend's vibe and the unspoken connection between them told her that she would be ok, he would always take care of her. Still unable to speak, she smiled to herself and returned her boyfriend's hug.
