Chapter 5: Fraternity

Sirius found James on the quidditch pitch, exactly where Sirius expected to find James on a Sunday morning. James was practicing tricky formations with Joel and the third Gryffindor chaser, Berwyn McColgan. Berwyn's blond-white hair was a spot of quicksilver in the bright fall sunlight.

Sirius didn't bother climbing into the stands to watch. He'd known they'd be practicing, so he'd brought his broom. He walked over to the ball case, loosed one bludger, and hoisted a bat. The bludger took off like a loosed pixie. The practice ball was more than eager to be in the air, and Sirius knew just how it felt. Even as the ball was headed towards Berwyn, Sirius took off.

Sirius was welcomed among the chasers, diving in to protect Berwyn from the bludger. Sirius sent the bludger at James in his effort to protect Berwyn. It was an intentional, risky practice play to test James' reflexes. James, not removing his eyes from the quaffle he was receiving from Joel, dipped his broom effortlessly and the bludger flew wide. By the time the blood-thirsty ball swooped back around for him, James was long gone from the spot he'd previously occupied in the air, and the bludger sought new prey. Sirius stretched out his bat and arm to intercept the bludger's next target. He liked to watch Prongs fly. James was a vision. Sirius, though he was damn good on the shaft of a broom (better on Moony's shaft! Ha, see James try that. Or best not, really), he was no James. James' broom was a part of him.

James, of course, had said the same thing about Sirius and his bat. Maybe there was some truth to it, Sirius didn't know. He didn't feel at one with the bat. If anything, he felt at one with the bludger. That's really what it was. He seemed to simply know where the bludger was, almost as if he had a connection to it, rather like his brand new connection to Remus. He didn't need to work hard to control it; steering and herding the heavy ball did come naturally to Sirius. He felt like he knew where it was going to be before it was there and wondered not for the first time whether is animagus form had any shepherd in it. Everyone knew he was better than the team beaters, but once Sirius had been suspended, he couldn't be bribed to rejoin the team. Prongs said he was too proud, too hurt over the suspension. Sirius didn't know. He didn't care. As long as everyone knew he was best... well, it felt kind of good to see the house team punished for tossing their best beater. It did. Sirius didn't give a fuck if that made him an arse.

Sirius and the Gryffindor chasers stayed up in the air for what must have been more than two hours. The entire time, he couldn't fail to notice that, though James easily dodged his bludgers and several times called out to him where to hit them when James was trying to get the other guys to drop the quaffle, not once did James smile, laugh, say good morning or hello or 'could you two please not sleep starkers together in our room.' Nothing that happened in the sky above the pitch would have given away to an observer that they even knew each other, let alone lived as brothers, used each other's shampoo, and stole muggle bicycles when on holiday with their parents.

Thus, by the time they were touching down, Sirius had come to the conclusion that James already knew what Sirius had come here to tell him. When James dismounted and turned his back to Sirius, striding easily away toward the castle, Sirius knew he was right. The longer-haired boy unstrung his ponytail and groaned, running fingers through sweaty hair before breaking off in a trot after James.

"Oi, mate. Prongs."

"Just shut up," James called back conversationally.

"Mum and dad get to you?"

"They aren't your mum and dad, Sirius."

James kept walking, but Sirius was stung as though he'd been slapped in the face. Only really, this hurt much, much worse. Such a simple statement. Was James disowning him? The same way his family-- his old family-- his first family had? Just 'cause Sirius had agreed to spill their little secret to the authorities. Granted, it wasn't such a little secret. It really was a big deal. They could be locked up in Azkaban, though Sirius couldn't imagine Dumbledore calling in the Aurors anytime soon for two students whose crimes had been compassion, creativity, and a penchant for difficult transfigurations. At least Pete would get away Scot-free.

Sirius didn't feel his broom drop from his hand onto the cold grass. He didn't feel Remus noticing his sudden mood shift and heading towards the pitch, and he most certainly didn't feel the stinging in his nose and tightening in his throat that signified something he would not admit to.

James turned around.

Immediately, James' whole countenance softened. "Oh mate." James turned and started jogging back. He punched Sirius lightly on the arm. "I didn't mean it like that, come on."

"Yeah," Sirius answered, his voice flat and emotionless. He did bend over to pick up his broom, reluctantly following James back towards the castle.

"No, I didn't! Bugger it all. Look, can we just pretend I didn't say such a daft--"

"But you did, James," Sirius said quietly, eyes locked on the grass of the middle distance. "And what's more, it's true. You're entitled to your opinions, you realize."

"Padfoot! Please please don't do this to me. Don't hold this against me. It was an honest mistake--"

Sirius' eyes shifted to James momentarily. "Was it, Prongs? Tell me that you didn't mean to say it, that you didn't mean it to cut."

James sighed. "Alright. I give. I meant it to hurt you. But I didn't mean it. I meant it in the," James put on a fake falsetto as if he were a little child, "'you nutter, I wish you had never been born' sense."

Sirius didn't react. "I don't know what to do," he answered, mostly to himself.

"Believe me. Joke? Joke. Stupid? Stupid. Note to self, never use your brother's biggest fear against him during a stupid little tiff, yeah? That make you happy, mate?"

Sirius shrugged, but he was mildly mollified by James' use of the affectionate fraternal title.

James was not fooled. "What do you want from me, Sirius? You want me to kick you in the shins and call you names, like a proper bother? I've never had one before you, remember. I don't know how to do this right. But I'd be happy to tell the whole school that you and your boyfriend sleep in your knickers in one tiny bed, or that your comb is purple, like a girl's. Or a ponce's--"

"Purple is the color of royalty!" Sirius teeth flashed in a genuine smile.

"Yeah? 'S a good fit then 'cause you're a royal pain in the arse."

"That's Evans talking. You've been puppying after her so long your dick probably points at her like a compass."

"Least mine still works!" James laughed gleefully.

"Ask Moony if mine works, will you?"

"No need, Pads," James shoved lightly, "I know whose dick does all the hard work between you two."

Sirius, far from being offended, giggled. He grabbed James' neck in a strong arm and rubbed his mucked-up hair until it was really thoroughly mussed.

"Hey," James yelped.

Sirius did not remove his arm. He felt like he needed the closeness, the comfort, of being wrapped around James. The fear and rejection still stung in his chest like the after tone of a struck gong, but the smell of stinky James eased it somewhat. It smelled like home, and Sirius, for all his humanity, was a smell-oriented man. James didn't try to move out of Sirius' strong grip. All his years with his so-called family at Grimmauld Place had never felt nor smelled one ounce as homey as an afternoon in the Potter parlor or one of James' sweaty quidditch robes. Maybe, once upon a time when they were children, Sirius and Regulus had been brothers, had had the affection of brothers, but Sirius' fraternal affections had long since found a new nest in this scruffy-haired beanpole. Never. He wouldn't let the Potters disown him. He'd camp on their roof if things ever turned out that way. Letting go of the Blacks had been painful, humiliating maybe, but not impossible. Not even close to impossible. Sirius would die before he would let go of the Potters.

"I'm guessing by the fact that you're teed off at me that mum and dad already told you what I did," Sirius said, the right mix of sullen apology and teasing humor in his voice.

"I'm not teed off at you," James leaned into Sirius to give him a playful shove. Sirius had a tight grip, though, on James' neck, and they both fishtailed as they walked towards the castle.

"What'd they say? They mad?"

"They're going to make us register."

Sirius groaned. "Oh no. No way. They can't make me, anyway."

"Yeah, they can," James said. "You remember that promise you made to Mum when you came to live with us?"

Sirius groaned again and nodded. He did remember. He'd promised that he'd never toss up the 'you can't make me, I'm not your son', as long as they wouldn't toss up the 'you're not our son' or ever force him out of the house. At the time, he'd been so afraid of not having a place to live that he would have agreed to just about anything to have the assurance of not being kicked out of the only home he'd ever known, as well as the only house he had available.

"Jay, you know how I feel about this registry business."

James stopped walking and managed, with the help of the fiercely serious expression on his face, to dislodge Sirius. He stood them face to face out on the grounds. The cool autumn wind rustled and James nodded. "Look. I do know how you feel, and I know why. And you know how I feel, and you know why. But we have to do this. They're being tolerant. With you especially--"

"I didn't do anything--"

"Sirius! You told my biggest secret! You owe me."

"It didn't happen like that."

"It's a ministerial offense. You realize that? Do you want to be kicked out of the house and be sent to Azkaban? Please don't do that to me, Sirius."

Sirius smiled. "You know Evans is always saying I'll end up in Azkaban someday."

"Sirius." James was not laughing.

"Sorry, mate," Sirius' expression flattened to match the dead grave tone of his voice. "I'm not going to do it. I can't. What they've done to Moony--"

"They didn't do anything to him--"

"They could!" Sirius' hair flew in the wind. His voice rose. "Keeping track, James. It's disgusting. It's downright demeaning. Or haven't you studied muggle history? Nazis and whatnot?"

"I have, but--" James clapped a hand around Sirius' arm, "I can't let you throw everything away."

"For him, I will." Sirius batted at James' hands. "Get the fuck off me," he hissed. Once free, Sirius broke towards the castle in a run.

*****

When James got back to Gryffindor Tower, Sirius and Remus were gone. Peter was studying intently and wouldn't be interrupted. James guessed he'd only just realized they had a quiz the next day. After a shower, James sat with Joel and Christof Anderson. They talked quidditch and girls, and James was able, for a short while, to pretend everything was fine with the world.

Dinner was a very different affair. Sirius was sitting down one end of the table with Remus. It wasn't the Marauders' usual spot, and what's more, they hadn't left any room for James and Pete. Remus looked up and met James' eyes, frowning. Sirius was ignoring James, engrossed in conversation with a sixth year boy, Curtis. By the looks of Sirius' arms waving about animatedly, Sirius was trying a bit too hard to seem so absorbed, and James thought himself a good judge of Sirius Black.

James sat down in their normal spots, alone, and studied his hands. He shrugged off the strange feeling of betrayal and grabbed at the fried chicken and chips that were tonight's fare. When a shadow fell over his food, James looked up to see the very last person he would have expected. Remus slid easily into the seat across from him and flicked James a queasy smile.

"What happened?" Remus asked without preamble.

James shrugged and turned his attention back to his chicken. "Mum and Dad are going to force us to get registered, but Sirius refuses. Mum'll kick him out if he refuses, Moony." James flickered his gaze up to catch Remus' eye.

Remus sighed. "She won't really, will she?"

James seemed to deflate. "I don't know, but... I don't know. It's sort of an insult to her and Dad, isn't it? I mean, they took him in and did everything for him, and then they ask him for this one thing and he won't. He's such an arse, Moony."

Remus smiled in a way that made James wish he could take back his words. "Get your mind out of the gutter," James groaned.

"Sorry, what?"

"I don't know. Maybe it's a stupid thing to fight over." In frustration, James threw his meat at the plate. The chicken drumstick bounced and fell to the floor, but James paid it no mind. The elves would clean it up.

"Any fight you two have seems stupid to me," Remus shrugged. "Look, you guys have to work out this family stuff on your own, but I know that Sirius went on a little emotional roller coaster ride this morning, and who knows, maybe he deserves the sour stomach, but I don't think I did much to earn it. Though I guess I really did beg him to spill your secret."

"You did?" Remus suddenly had James' full attention.

"What did Sirius say?"

"I dunno. He apologized. I just assumed--" James sighed and hung his head into his hands. "Fuck." He'd done it again. Twice in two days, he'd gone and assumed that Sirius had done something wrong, just because he was Sirius. "I'm as bad as Evans, aren't I?"

"Aren't you pissed at me now?" Remus asked.

James shook his head where it hung. "You're too nice and respectable. Besides, you're a prefect. You might turn me in if I were mad at you."

Remus smiled and stood. "Well, sorry. I better get back to my food. See you later."

"Sooner than you think," James answered, and he lifted his own plate and followed Moony down-table.

Once there, he put his plate on Sirius' head, earning him a scowl.

"Well," James answered Sirius' oddly-angled stink-eye, "where else am I supposed to eat? Not like you saved me any room, is it?"

"You're annoying," Sirius growled.

"Good. That means I'm fulfilling all my contractual obligations as the little brother."

It earned the expected grin from Sirius. "'S right," Sirius answered coolly, "and if you talk to Mum and Dad about what we talked about this morning, I'll bash your head into the ground."

James sighed heavily. He'd hoped they could avoid this subject a little while longer. "Whatever, Sirius. It's your life. You do know Mum won't kick you out anyway. She couldn't if she needed to."

"Yeah, I--" But Sirius' throat closed on his words and he couldn't finish the sentence.

"No need to fight about it at the moment, anyway. Now, are you going to squish in next to my exceptionally handsome and learned brother-in-law, or are you going to leave me standing here like a moron?"

"I don't know. Moony, how do I turn up such a tempting opportunity to leave him standing there?" Sirius laughed.

"I vote you let him sit, but then he did just shower me in compliments," Remus deadpanned as James slid in by kicking a couple second-years out of their seats and sending them up the table.

"Oi, you two are brothers? For real? How come you have different last names?" Christof was a fourth-year muggle-born. If they hadn't already known he was muggle-born, he certainly would have just given himself away by not knowing the Blacks.

Sirius' brow grew dark and he opened his mouth to deliver what James was sure would be a snappy comeback telling Christof to mind his own business and fuck off. Joel was faster, though. "Course they're--"

"Yes," said James.

"--not, dunderhead," Joel finished.

Christof blinked confusedly between the two of them. James leveled a cool gaze at Joel.

"Yes we are," he answered confidently. "He lives at my house with my folks, who pay for his school things and owl him every week and who are called up here by Dumbledore when he acts up, and I have to deal with his dirty underwear on the floor of my bathroom during holiday, so if you're going to tell me that Regulus Black, who hasn't even spoken to Remus over here once ever and doesn't even know that Sirius has taught himself to play the muggle drumkit in my garage because he wants to grow up to be Keith bloody Moon, is Sirius Black's little brother, I'm going to tell you to fuck the hell off, because I'm the one who's had to deal with his moody arse these last couple days, and the one who had to keep my parents from killing him, and the one who has to take his shite because I actually do like him and want him around, even if he can be a rather large pain in the behind--"

"Arse," Sirius added, leaning on James now and smiling soporifically.

"I said behind--"

"No, you're already cursing, why would you not use arse in the place it goes?"

"I don't know, bloody--"

"It doesn't make sense for--"

"Would you shut up, Pads? I'm busy pouring my heart out to Joel. Just shut up."

Sirius started snickering, and Joel was bright red. Remus was smiling conspiratorially, though if he was sharing a conspiracy with someone, it would have to be himself. James grumbled under his breath, having lost his train of thought, and finished his dinner.

Nobody saw Peter walk in, fail to find a seat with his friends, and sit by himself through dinner.

When James, Sirius, and Remus left, Remus hung back and grabbed James by the elbow.

"You know, that meant a lot to him."

"I know."

"No, I mean it really did."

"Remus. I know." Remus and James stopped walking for a moment. They shared a very tense silence, and then Remus sighed and slouched a bit.

"Did you mean that back there, about me being your... you know?"

"Moony, you're one of my best friends. That's a higher title than the fact that you happen to be whatever to Sirius. But yeah. Don't worry, mate. We're all in it for the long haul. Stuck with each other forever now, aren't we? Move it," James shoved at Remus. "We just skipped out on desert, so I expect we'll want to head to the kitchens later, and there's still a quiz tomorrow we've got to study for.

The three boys were in the common room before any of them thought to ask, "Hey, did you see Pete at dinner?"

No one bothered much about it, though, because there was spice cake in the kitchens, Lily Evans in the common room, and Sirius and Remus had some more of James' horrifying starkers bed-sharing to do before they all folded in for the night.