"I want overtime."

Eli grimaced as the voice floated out of the darkness, and gave the swing another push. He found the pastime soothing, and there was little enough to soothe him these days. "The accent, Max."

"Oh, bloody hell. No one can hear me but you."

"You assume too much. The household have retired, but are not asleep, and there is one among them who could hear your watch ticking, if he were so inclined."

"If he's with Alexander, I guarantee you he's not inclined."

"Once again you assume too much. And you continue to assault my ears with the excruciating accent of your native country. Attend to it, Max."

Max chuckled as he approached the Kents' porch. "I don't see you trying to conceal your origins."

"That would be pointless. Enemy and friend alike know my origins."

"That must be inconvenient."

"Not nearly so inconvenient as employing a careless operative. I heard your breathing a full fifty feet away. I could have shot you without so much as a glance in your direction."

"Allow me." A woman's voice rose from the darkness with quiet peevishness.

Eli gave the swing another push, stifling a sigh. "The glass house, Moira. It does not like stones."

Moira muttered an unladylike obscenity. "Let me guess. I snapped a twig."

"This levity is inappropriate. Report."

Max cut in. "No sign of surveillance activity in the immediate vicinity. No sign of surveillance activity within the perimeters established around the Ross and Sullivan residences. No sign of surveillance activity in the vicinity of Castle Anthrax."

"I beg your pardon?"

"That's what Chloe calls Luthor's Scottish monstrosity."

"Miss Sullivan has a peculiar sense of humor," Eli replied pointedly. Always Max and the ladies. It was not conducive to achieving mission objectives. "And—"

"And of course, no sign of surveillance activity in the vicinity of the love shack."

Moira snickered, and Eli glanced upward, reminding himself that patience was a virtue. "I would very much appreciate not hearing Alexander's residence referred to in that manner."

"Sorry," Max replied, sounding cheerfully unrepentant. "Eli, they've pulled up stakes and scampered, the lot of them. Luthor's boys and…the unmentionable's little crew."

Eli snorted. "And what conclusions do you draw from this development?"

"That they've heard you're carrying your throwing knives again?" Moira's tone was painfully dry.

"Do not provoke me."

"I'm dead serious."

"You are neither. You are alive and annoying. You are playing the fool, and I do not employ fools."

Moira's tone changed. "Eli, they've either given up or—"

Eli sat bolt upright on the swing, causing the chains supporting it to creak in protest. "Or the worst is yet to come. Do not tell me that you cannot feel it in the air. A storm is coming. The storm."

Max snorted. "I take it you're referring to a metaphorical storm, Sunshine, since there's no sign of rain where I'm standing."

"You know I am right."

Max sighed. "They're regrouping."

"They are. There will be a major shift in tactics, and soon. A dangerous shift."

"Too bad Kinky Knickers went over to the dark side. She'd be handy about now."

Eli scowled in Max's general direction, ignoring Moira's muffled laugh. "It is ungentlemanly, Max, to refer to a lady in such terms. Miss Graves is handy exactly where she is."

Silence. "I see. I suppose Taz is—"

"Miss Teskey is perfectly suited to the task at hand."

"She's a bloody harpy, and why you'd inflict her on a sick woman is—" 

Moira cut in. "How is Miss Jenkins doing?"

Eli leaned back into the swing, regulating his voice carefully. "She has stopped eating."

Max was uncharacteristically silent.

"I'm sorry, Eli," Moira murmured.

"Death finds us all," Eli said, in a tone he knew was a little too brisk. "If I can face Him with half as much grace and courage as that lady does, I will be satisfied." He glanced at his watch. "It is time for you to return to your duties. And if you will be so kind, pay special attention to a young man named Whitney Fordman."

"Fordman?" Max's voice was sharp. "Yeah, he's been underfoot lately. What's his game?"

"Unknown at present. He has frequently been observed in the vicinity of the residence of Mr. Eddie Cole, a semi-employed crop-dust pilot of rather unsavory reputation. He has also taken part-time employment with an as yet unidentified firm well outside Smallville. If any other pertinent information should come my way—"

Moira sniffed loudly. "Meaning any you feel inclined to share—"

"I shall inform you."

"You're a right bastard, you know that?" Max said in an exasperated tone.

"Good night, Max. Moira, remember to change into something more appropriate tomorrow. We do not wish to frighten your patient into yet another cardiac arrest."

"Speak for yourself. If frightening him would shut him up for five minutes—"

"This attitude is inappropriate for a healer."

"I'm not Jonathan Kent's healer. I'm his keeper. I leave the healing to God. I'm sure He can deal with that pigheaded brat a hell of a lot better than I can."

Eli contained his amusement. Somehow he imagined that Jonathan was no better pleased by Moira's presence than she was, and that satisfied his sadistic impulses immensely. "Mrs. Kent seems to have no difficulty putting up with him. You should ask for some advice. Over coffee, perhaps." Sweet innocence oozed from his tone.

"You are a wicked old man, Eli Cohen." Moira's tone was deadly.

"I should be something else? Run along, Moira."

Eli heard Max and Moira turning to make their way toward the Kent's lane. Max was muttering what Eli suspected were profanities under his breath. "Breathing, Max," he called after him. "And kindly mind your accent from now on."

Eli's suspicions concerning the nature of Max's muttering were confirmed, and he gave the swing another push, watching moon rise above the tree tops. The quiet might have reassured another man, but not Eli. A scorpion did not refrain from biting because the night appeared to be peaceful. A viper was no respecter of ambience. He returned to the living room to keep watch.

***

Despite persistent misgivings on the part of the neurological specialists brought in to assist Dr. Hamilton, a man woefully ill-equipped, in my opinion, to manage such a project, Mr. Luthor insisted that coalescent matrices be attempted. This before, I may add, the first matrix was deemed stable enough for even the most rudimentary experimentation, which in itself should have caused me to see which way the proverbial wind was blowing and submit my resignation...

"What the hell are coalescent matrices?" Clark's head rested against Lex's, his free hand roaming soothingly up and down Lex's chest and stomach, easing him back against the pillows and away from the laptop.

Lex resisted the attempt at soothing. "Moby Dick." He tapped the paperback in Clark's left hand.

"Bor-ing."

"The duality of the divine is boring?"

"The lists of fish are boring."

"Exam tomorrow, Clark."

"That's boring, too. What are coalescent matrices?"

The thought that Clark might understand coalescent matrices better than Lex could at present made Lex sigh and lean back to rest his head on Clark's shoulder. The text from the laptop screen danced mockingly on the insides of his eyelids. "Damned if I know."

"Oh, come on." Lex heard Moby Dick drop to the floor. "You're the brains of the outfit, remember?"

"The brains want to know why your mother hasn't hauled me out of here by my...ears. It's a school night." Standard diversionary tactics deployed; nevertheless, Lex did wonder why he was still lying on Clark's bed on a Thursday night. It was a major violation of house rules, and one Martha Kent was not a woman to ignore.

Clark was silent for a moment, and Lex knew what was coming. "She's worried about you." Clark's voice was subdued. "So is Dad."

Lex managed not to curse aloud. He'd been that transparent. Again. Could he hide nothing from these people? They were impossible. They were... He felt Clark's hand pulling Lex's away from the keyboard to hold it. "So am I," Clark whispered in Lex's ear.

Unconditional surrender beckoned; Lex sent it about its business. "Eyestrain won't kill me, Jiminy."

"Eyestrain isn't what I'm worried about. You don't eat. You don't sleep. All you do is decrypt and read those damn files. You can't keep this up."

"What a lovely little mother you'll make."

Lex almost gasped as Clark folded himself firmly around him; the laptop slid off his legs onto the bed.

"Memo from junior partner to senior partner." Clark's voice had an edge that Lex knew better than to ignore. "You're in violation of our agreement. Spill it."

Unconditional surrender was a persistent bastard when Clark Kent was on the job.

"No secrets," Clark whispered in his ear, and Lex made a mental note to subject future agreements to more thorough scrutiny. He let go of the breath he'd been holding.

"I've finished decrypting my father's files on Karloff."

"And?"

"And too many cooks spoil the asshole."

"How?"

"I'm not certain within an acceptable degree of scientific--"

"Guess."

"Clark, I don't understand the memory transfer process they used. It's fucking arcane. Every scientist on that team had a different theory and a different methodology and their documentation sucks. Clone a neuron, enhance it with a little eau de meteorite, sift it for usable engrams, marinate the engrams with un soupçon de meteorite radiation, transmit engram-flambé to exanimate dickhead -- exact method indeterminate -- lather, rinse, repeat. There's no way in hell this should have worked."

"They did all that to build Karloff's memories?"

"Yes."

"A matrix of memories."

"That's right."

"Is that what we have? A matrix of memories?"

Lex opened his eyes to watch Clark bending over him. "What we have?" he murmured, stroking Clark's hair. Oh, God, he was so fucking beautiful. He drew Clark's hand down to his crotch. "Hell, no. We have a--"

"I'm talking science, here, mastermind." But Clark was already smiling, slipping his hand inside Lex's sweatpants, his warm, eager fingers circling Lex's cock.

"So show me science," Lex whispered. "Show me cause and effect." Pulling Clark's head down, he took Clark's mouth with his own before Clark could reassert his newfound interest in scientific inquiry.

***

Jonathan leaned over the schematics spread across his and Martha's bed, the precise lines blurring as he tried to comprehend them. "A meteorite weapon," he repeated. Maybe he'd understand it if he kept repeating that phrase like a moron.

Martha's arms went around him, and he leaned back into her embrace, her touch. Jonathan had never appreciated the comfort of this woman's touch as much as he had in the past three weeks. "Jonathan. It's not going to happen. Lex said the technical problems in pulling it off were staggering. And Lionel told Lex that the project had been abandoned."

"Oh, well, that's all right, then," Jonathan snapped, trying to recover his composure. "As long as he's working on some other crackpot gadget to murder our son, that's just peachy keen. And what happens when Black Lagoon Boy gets some refined ore of his own?"

"I don't want to think about it. We just can't let it happen." Martha sighed. "But I don't think murder was what Lionel had in mind. There would be no profit in that." Martha slipped around to sit beside him on the bed; her voice turned hard. "He's done dozens of crackpot experiments with the meteorites over the years, just on the off-chance they might make him some money. Just look at poor Earl."

Jonathan didn't want to look at poor Earl. The last time they had visited him in the hospital, he had been a skeletal wreck, despite the fact that Lionel's medical team had managed to control the tremors. Christ, the things Lionel Luthor had done…and would do. Jonathan fervently hoped there was a hell. "Our son is not going to wind up like poor Earl," he snapped, snatching up the pile of photos. "And I hope to God Lex had a good cover story for how he knew about this damn thing in the first place."

"Lex told him the truth. That one of his operatives had broken into the mansion and stolen the plans, and that Lionel had better see to security. He said Lionel was amused."

"An operative?" Jonathan shot his wife an astonished look.

Martha looked back gravely. "I think that's what we all are right now."

Jonathan sighed. "Yeah. Yeah."

"Jonathan, I'm worried about Lex. He—"

"I know. I don't know how he's doing it, but Lionel is messing with his head. Lex gets worse every time he sees the bastard."

"You're certain it's Lionel?"

"What else could it be?"

"You can't be serious. He barely sleeps. He barely eats. When he's not with Pamela, he's poring over the files on Lionel's laptop, or the clone's, or talking to his father. The time he spends with Clark is the only break he gets."

"Which is why you've suspended the weekends-only rule?" Jonathan regarded her with raised eyebrows. He was bypassed, not blind.

Martha glared. "Which is why I've suspended the weekends-only rule. Clark is the only thing keeping that boy in one piece, Jonathan."

Jonathan snorted. "Fine. Just keep him away from the laundry. And while you're at it, keep him away from Lionel Luthor. It's time for these 'status meetings' to stop."

"Lex will never agree to that. He thinks humoring Lionel is keeping Clark safe. Jonathan, he's so close to the edge—"

Jonathan flinched at the phrase, the image of Lex falling backwards from the terrace wall into the dark assaulting his mind's eye. "I know. It's time for a talk." The top photo in the pile in his hands caught his attention; it was a shot of him and Martha loading the truck. Clark was nowhere to be seen. Most of the early photographs were of the farm itself, of Martha, of him. The bastard had been watching them before they'd even found Clark. Even after Clark had arrived, Lionel obviously had had no clue that there was anything special about him. It wasn't until the last few years – since Clark had started high school – that the photographer had gone out of his way to capture Clark on film.

Most of the pictures were not incriminating. A lot were. Jonathan flinched at one of Clark lifting the tractor with one hand. What had the boy been thinking? He sighed. Teenager. Thinking didn't enter into the equation. He should probably be grateful there were no pictures of Clark jumping over the barn, or of the screaming match between Jonathan and Clark that had followed. "And these—"

"Most of the pictures from the penthouse were copies of what I found at the mansion." Martha's voice took on the peculiar timbre that Jonathan knew was suppressed rage. "Years, spying on Clark. A baby. Violating our private time with our child—"

"You've been stewing about this, haven't you?"

Martha was glaring again. "Define 'stewing.'"

Jonathan snorted. "Don't give me that. You know damn well what 'stewing' is. You're winding yourself up for something, aren't you?"

"That man violated our privacy, tried to exploit Clark—"

"A lot of these don't even have Clark in them," Jonathan cut in, manfully attempting to derail the Martha Clark Kent express. God only knew what she was planning. "It's just us. He was spying on our whole family."

"He was probably spying on everyone in Smallville. I saw a lot of files on people we know. I wish I had been able to carry them all." Martha smacked the mattress with her fist. "Someone ought to tell him exactly what kind of man does something like this."

So that was it. "That someone is not going to be you. You took enough of a chance just getting these." Jonathan kissed her lightly on the cheek, trying not to think about what might have happened had Martha been caught prowling around the mansion at night. "He was probably just watching to see what the radiation would do. Cold-blooded son of a bitch." Jonathan tossed the pile of photos to the foot of the bed and picked up the envelopes they'd come out of, fishing for the negatives. "Do I even want to know what's on the video?"

"Us," Martha said, voice taut. "And Clark. The CDs have family histories on both of us, financial records—"

"Jesus Christ!" Jonathan closed his eyes and forced himself to breathe normally. Light exercise but no excessive exertion, the doctor had said. Hell. That doctor had no clue that his patient's life was a comic book. No clue at all. "Martha. There aren't any—"

"Lie down." Martha was already lifting his legs up onto the bed. "I knew I should have waited longer to show you all this."

"Bullshit. You should have told me right away." Jonathan snatched up another envelope and plunged his hand inside. "Were the negatives in a separate envelope?"

Martha cleared her throat. "Negatives?"

"There aren't any—"

"They must be in another envelope," Martha said. She wasn't looking at him. "Maybe Lex has them. He's been going over everything we brought back with a fine-tooth comb."

Jonathan regarded her with narrowed eyes and said nothing. The long silence was broken by Martha's soft sigh.

"We don't have them," she said finally, barely audible. "They weren't in the files."

Shit.

Martha shook her head with a lost expression that made Jonathan's chest tighten. Martha was never lost; she was the compass. "I was an idiot," she whispered, finally looking up. "I didn't even stop to think—"

"Martha. If they weren't in the files, then there's nothing you could have done."

Martha sank to sit beside him on the bed. "It was all for nothing. Lionel knew it would all be for nothing. He must have been laughing himself sick."

"It wasn't for nothing," Jonathan said, as steadily as he could. "We got the prints, the CDs, the video. We got that piece of the ship away from Black Lagoon Boy, and Luthor never laid eyes on it."

"I sat around congratulating myself for two weeks before I realized."

"Martha, it's not your fault."

"And Lex let me. He let me think that Clark and I had gotten everything we needed."

Jonathan scowled. "Maybe he didn't think of it either."

Martha looked at him, eyebrows raised.

Jonathan sighed. "All right, all right. So he thought of it."

"And so did Eli."

"Oh, that rat bastard definitely thought of it."

Martha sighed. "They didn't want to worry us."

"They didn't want to worry me," Jonathan snapped. "Poor invalid Jonathan, with one foot in the grave and the other on a banana peel."

"Jonathan."

"Lex Luthor is going to stop treating me like I'll break if he looks at me the wrong way. And so are you."

"He did this because he cares about you. About us."

"That is exactly when he's a complete dumb-ass. When he cares. When he doesn't, he's a goddamned genius. That boy is going to drive me to drink."

"Shhhhh. Lex is helping Clark study for his exam."

Jonathan gave her a look over the tops of his glasses.

"He is," Martha said firmly. "I trust them, Jonathan."

"Martha, do you have any memory at all of what I was like at their age?"

Martha slowly turned a lovely shade of crimson and rose from the bed. "Point taken. Excuse me."

***

"God don't stop please don't stop fuck that's so good damn what are you doing?"

Clark lovely mouth slipped from Lex's cock and disappeared from view as he lunged over the side of the bed. "The covers, pull the covers up, pull them up, you dumbass—"

Christ. Lex yanked the covers up, concealing the undignified wad of sweatpants around his knees and the even more undignified weeping erection he was sporting, thanks to his star pupil's exquisite technique. Clark reappeared with the dog-eared copy of Moby Dick in his hand and sprawled across the bed on his back with his head in Lex's lap as a gentle knock sounded.

Lex gritted his teeth against the discomfort. There were good reasons for the weekends-only rule. This was one of them. "Come in," he said, struggling for a normal tone.

"So the whale doesn't swallow the boat?" Clark asked in an excruciatingly innocent tone.

Lex imagined, for a fleeting moment, having a ring like Karloff's. Just for emergencies, or cases of toxic smartassery. "No, Clark. The boat is too big for the whale to swallow."

Martha stuck her head in, smiling. "Hard at work, I see."

"Very hard," Clark sighed, "Sometimes I think the boat is too hard for me."

"The boat is exactly as hard as it needs to be," Lex said in a deadly tone, wondering if all teenagers from outer space were this much of a pain in the ass. "I think we should get back to the duality of the divine."

"How is it coming?" Martha asked, showing no signs of leaving, and Lex briefly considered the facts that this woman was no fool, had known Clark since he'd arrived on the planet and had an uncanny ability to deactivate the most intricate of Luthor bullshit apparatuses. In short, they were doomed.

"It stopped coming," Clark sighed mournfully. "I think it's too hard."

"It is not too hard," Lex growled. "It's getting less hard all the time."

Martha's smile never wavered. "Clark, listen to Lex. I'm sure he'll help you through this. I'll be expecting an A on that exam."

"Yes, ma'am." Clark craned his neck to look up at Lex as Martha left and closed the door behind her. "Are you sure the boat is that big? I think the whale could swallow that boat any damn time it want—"

Lex seized a pillow and walloped Clark across the side of his head. "I have created a sex fiend," he hissed. Without warning, he found himself on his back and stripped of his blanket. "Christ, Clark, have you lost your-- Oh, no, no, no, yes, yes, yes, just like that don't stop oh God don't stop—"

***

"Well?"

"I left a note on the door," Martha said grimly. "Pots for Clark. For the week. Lex sleeps on the couch. Forever."

"Told you."

Martha glared at him as she climbed into bed beside him. "A gentleman doesn't say 'I told you so' to a lady, mister."

"Boys are boys." Jonathan started sorting the photos into neat piles. "And this boy needs watching. I will bet you real money that Lex has one of his screwy plans for getting the negatives for these himself. Cash on the barrel head, Martha."

"I'm not a betting woman," Martha said dryly. "But he certainly hasn't shared his thoughts on the subject."

Jonathan forced himself upright again, annoyed. "We agreed to no secrets, and he's broken the agreement."

Martha gave him a droll look. "So we sue?"

"Hell, no. Make him scrub the pots."

"He likes scrubbing the pots."

Jonathan grunted. It was positively unnatural that Lex liked housework. Yet more proof, if any were required, that the boy was downright peculiar. "We're going to have one hell of a serious conversation. And that boy is going to converse until he's coughed up everything that's going on, or I'm going to make him wear my pink boxers."

Martha pushed him back onto the pillows. "I'll talk to Lex."

"Oh, no. His ass is grass, and I am the—"

"Just put away the lawnmower, mister. You can never talk to Lex without getting worked up, and the doctor said—"

"Oh, I'm worked up all right." Jonathan murmured suggestively, pulling Martha closer. "You always get me worked up." Jonathan pulled his wife on top of him, knowing a good opportunity when he saw one. It was about time Martha got it through her head that he was going to recover from this minor ticker-repair, recover fully, so that he could be there when Lionel Luthor was roasted alive on a spit by someone with no lines. So that he could be here, in this bed, with this woman, for a few more decades.

Martha gave him a stern look that was appallingly unconvincing. "There's not going to be any of that, mister. Not until—"

Jonathan pulled her head down and kissed her. "Until…?"

"Until I close the door," Martha said, breathless.

***

"He won't stay with you."

"He will."

"Not when he sees you. When he really sees you—"

"Shut up." Lex kicks the stake. Blood spatters on his white suit.

"—he'll leave you to rot. He's just like everyone else, Lex. Everyone but me."

"He won't," Lex says, trying to be loud, but the corn swallows his voice.

"Let him see you, then. Let him see Julian."

Lex comes full circle to stand before Lionel, silent.

Lionel laughs, and the corn shivers. "You won't, will you? You'll continue to savor your little fairy tale – until that inevitable moment when he sees you for what you really are. That moment when he can't stand to look at you anymore."

Lex says nothing, listening to the shivering corn, the hiss of the breeze and the barely discernable chirping of crickets.

Lionel smiles, but there's blood on his white teeth now. "I know you, Lex. We're family. We're close."

"We've never been close."

"We've never been closer. You let me touch you. You let me call you son. We have an alliance."

"Why are you bleeding?" Lex watches the blackened sunflowers rising from the bloody earth, lifting their shriveled faces to the red moon.

"You'll bleed, too, when the time comes," Lionel rasps.

"I won't," Lex whispers.

"Because I'm part of you. You know that, don't you?"

"The part that loses."

"Don't be absurd. You'll never lose me. You'll take me wherever you go."

Lex turned away, only to find an impenetrable forest of quivering, bladed stalks in his path.

"Imagine thinking that I'm something you could kill."

"Let me go."

"Imagine."

Lex woke to find himself clutching Clark's blankets, sweating, shaking. A quick glance told him that Clark was still sound asleep. Unable to restrain himself, he slipped from the little twin bed, out of Clark's bedroom, and down the stairs.

***

"So…do I have to do pots, too?" Jonathan breathed in her ear.

Martha let loose a giggle that would have made her son stare, running her hand over her husband's chest, until the scar there cut her giggle off at its metaphorical knees, and turned it into something ragged that tore at her lungs. She had almost lost this man. It had only been three weeks. They should have waited. What had she been thinking—

"I'm fine," Jonathan whispered. "Martha, I'm fine. Don't look like that. The day I can't make love to the most beautiful woman on this planet—"

"Don't think your sweet-talk is going to—"

"—is the day you can put me in the ground."

Martha drew her arms around Jonathan's neck. "Don't," she said, breathing too hard. "Don't say that. Don't even think that. I couldn't get through the day without you, don't you dare start talking about—"

Jonathan was kissing her before she could finish.

***

Clark woke with a start, struggling to breathe, some half-remembered nightmare sitting like a football-sized meteor on his chest. He groped for Lex and only came up with empty covers. Aw, damn. What was he doing now? Patrolling the perimeter? Couldn't he leave security to Eli? 4:30 a.m. Geez Louise. Clark slipped out of bed and pulled a t-shirt on, then opened the door and walked down the hall toward the stairs.

As he reached the darkened living room at the bottom of the stairs, he caught sight of Eli sitting in Jonathan's chair. The man was perfectly motionless, silent, and staring in the direction of the kitchen. He was like a rock. Clark knew that if he weren't a little enhanced in the vision department, he would never have seen him. He opened his mouth to say something, but Eli lifted one arm to point to the kitchen. Clark sighed. Now what?

Following Eli's sharp gaze, Clark turned the corner into the kitchen to see Lex, dressed only in some boxer briefs and one of Jonathan's old tank tops, on his hands and knees with a bucket and a scrub brush, scrubbing the kitchen floor as if his life depended on the quality of his work.

Jesus. Jesus God. Clark strode quickly across the kitchen, knelt beside Lex and wrapped his arms around him tightly.

Lex continued to try to scrub for a few seconds, then paused, holding the brush tightly in his left hand. He was breathing very hard.

"Let it go, Lex," Clark whispered.

The brush clattered to the floor, and Lex turned toward Clark. "I had to clean something," he said in a savage tone.

"It's clean. You can stop now."

Lex turned toward him, his icy expression melting, to lean his head against Clark's.

Clark started breathing again. "No more meetings, Lex."

"What do meetings have to do with—"

"No more meetings."

Lex was silent for a moment. "That was the agreement," he said finally.

"Fuck the agreement."

"Language." It was no more than a murmur. "It's working, Clark. He's doing what he said he'd do."

"Lex—"

"The windmills are under full-scale attack. The meteorites, the dumps, the foreclosures—"

"He can't stop that now. The feds are—"

"He can stop anything he likes." Lex's voice was toneless.

Clark gently caressed Lex's back. "Tell me, Lex. Please."

"There's nothing to tell. Everything is proceeding according to plan."

"Whose plan?"

Lex barked a surprised laugh. "Ah. Now that's the question, isn't it? 'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves—"

Clark pulled Lex to his feet. "We're going out for a while, Eli."

Eli frowned, rising from his chair. "I will accomp—"

"I'm armed." Clark snatched up his backpack. "Tell Mom we'll be back in time for breakfast."

"Vigilance, cricket." Eli's voice was stern, and gentle.

"I'm on it." Clark pulled Lex out the door and to the edge of the porch, doing a visual sweep for any witnesses.

"Clark," Lex said quietly. "Why are we outside in the dark in our underwear?"

Clark drew the straps of his backpack over his shoulders and scooped Lex up into his arms.

"Allow me to amend my question. Why are you carrying me outside in the dark in our underwear?"

Clark took a flying leap from the porch and catapulted them both into the sky, the first hint of dawn light drawing Clark's sharp eyes as the horizon came into view.

Lex sighed wearily. "Jiminy. Why the hell are we flying in the dark in our underwear?"

"I'm taking you someplace."

"You amaze me."

"Someplace special."

"I didn't think Dunkin' Donuts was open this early."

"Someplace…clean."

Lex's arms went around Clark's neck as he buried his face against Clark's cheek. "Clean?" he whispered.

"Uh-huh." Clark skimmed just above the treetops, cradling Lex gently. They'd really gotten this flying thing down, although Clark still needed to concentrate during landings.

"Clark."

"Yeah?"

"How far does this forgiveness thing go?"

Finally. "I guess that depends on who's forgiving who, and for what."

Silence.

"Lex?"

"I feel…dirty." The last word was spoken in a raw tone.

Clark slowed them to hover over a small clearing in the trees, one that sparkled with the light of the rising sun. Dirty. Lex felt dirty. "You're not dirty," he said, his voice cracking. He started to descend, feet first. "You could never be dirty."

Lex drew a breath that shook like an aspen leaf in the wind as they approached the ground. "I remember watching your father fight for his life when he was poisoned by the…by my Nicodemus. I remember saying I was sorry, but of course you didn't know what I'd done, didn't know I was responsible for your father's death, so you said it wasn't my fault."

"Lex, what the hell—"

"And I remember wanting to tell you everything. Not just about Hamilton, but about every underhanded, illegal, selfish, thoughtless thing I'd ever done, because you deserved to know what kind of man you were standing next to. But I didn't. I couldn't risk it. Because I knew what I'd done was unforgivable. That even you wouldn't be able to forgive—"

"I would have forgiven you," Clark cut in as his feet touched the soft earth. "I have forgiven you, and so has Dad."

"My father's part of me. I'm part of him." Lex lifted his gaze to Clark's as Clark set him on his feet. "Imagine thinking—"

"You're not part of him," Clark said fiercely. "You're part of me."

Lex studied him with a blank expression. "Part of you."

"Part of us. Mom and Dad and Pamela and Eli. You're part of all of us. And we're part of you. You're not dirty. You're not like him. You—"

"What would you say," Lex cut in harshly, "if I told you that I was starting to remember some rather unpleasant events in my childhood that would prove otherwise?"

"I'd say it's a hell of a coincidence that you started to remember them a couple weeks after you started spending time with your father."

Lex's eyes widened, and a weak, crooked grin touched his face. "Touché."

"What bullshit has he been telling you?" Clark wondered wildly why Jonathan or Martha would have allowed any mind-whammying on their watch; he could picture Martha clobbering Lionel with her broom so hard he'd wind up in the corn field.

"He hasn't told me anything." Lex looked away to stare at the pond. "I've just started remembering."

There was no way in hell Lionel wasn't behind this. "Can you tell me what you remember?"

Lex closed his eyes. "How far does forgiveness go, Clark?"

Clark drew him close. "You mean between you and me?"

"Yes," Lex whispered.

"It just goes, Lex. It doesn't stop."

"For anything?"

"For anything."

"I've been remembering things about my mother. And my brother."

"Julian?"

"Julian. I think I killed Julian, Clark."