12.22.2268
“Jim. It is not logical to believe that you will succeed in this endeavor.”
“Shut up, Spock. Don’t doubt me.”
“I am simply pointing out that previous attempts to replicate an entire roasted turkey have been...”
“A disaster, yeah. But this year, I had Scotty reprogram the entire system. It’ll work.”
Bones’ voice came over the comm, sounding strained.
“Spock… dammit… Spock, if you could please get your ass to my quarters as fast as Vulcanly possible, it would be much appreciated.” They heard a thump and a whimper, then silence.
Jim raised an eyebrow. “What was that all about?”

12.22.2278
It was the usual story. Ice planet, critical mission, snowstorm, avalanche, busted communicators, atmospheric interference, a shallow cave their only protection from the elements, and possibly monsters.
Spock removed his gloves, fumbling at the fastenings of his jacket.
“What are you doing?”
Spock motioned toward Bones, who was already shivering violently. They sat, Bones curled up against Spock’s chest, and Spock closed the jacket around them. Jim scooted close.
“We’re too old for this,” Bones muttered between chattering teeth.
“Don’t worry, Bones. They’re coming for us.”
“Who?”
“Someone younger and more spry, I hope.”
“Hope they get here by Christmas.”

12.23.2268
“Just… keep him out of the Rec Room, okay?”
“I’ll try.”

“Hey Uhura, did you see Spock or Bones in there?”
“Nope!”
“No! Stop it! Goddammit!”
“Really? ‘Cause that sure sounded like Bones. What are they doing?”
“Sparring.”
“Oooh, hot!”
“I don’t think you should go in there, Captain.”
“Why the hell not? If I can’t watch my boyfriends grapple shirtlessly with each other, then what’s point?”
“Please cease that behavior immediately!”
“Wow. I don’t think I’ve ever heard Spock that pissed. At least, not when he wasn’t talking to me.”
“Still want to go in there?”
“On second thought, maybe I’ll come back later…”

12.23.2278
Jim was up, moving around their little cave, trying to regain some circulation. “Why do we always get stranded on a fucking ice planet? Why don’t we ever get stranded on, say, a tropical beach planet?” Jim stomped his feet and flapped his arms as he talked, looking ridiculous. Bones laughed weakly. “What are you laughing at? You look pretty fucking warm in there, all wrapped up in Spock.”
“It’s nice in here,” Bones murmured. “Like a tropical island.”
“Screw this,” said Jim, sitting down again. “And just so you both know, when we retire, we’re moving to the Caribbean.”

12.24.2268
“It’s not worth it, Spock That thing is a menace.”
“I think we will find the outcome satisfactory.”
“It can’t possibly be worth it.”
“What are you two arguing about.”
“Nothing.”
“We were simply engaged in a lively discussion.”
“You’re a terrible liar, Spock.”
“Jim, how are things coming along for tomorrow morning?”
“Amazing. We’re going to have the best Enterprise Christmas ever!”
“Better than last year?”
“Bigger tree, better food, more eggnog, Gaila is forbidden from singing Christmas carols, and-“
“Better presents.”
“REALLY?! What did you get me?”
“You know the rules. You have to wait until tomorrow morning to find out.”

12.24.2278
“S-s-so c-c-cold.” Jim huddled beside Spock, shaking uncontrollably. “Wish I could climb inside your skin to keep warm.” He pressed closer. “Wanna have sex?”
“Jim. Please do not joke at this time.”
“J-j-joking is the only thing keeping me going right now,” he said. His face was so numb he couldn’t tell if he was smiling or not. He hoped he was.
Spock looked at him. “In that case… please continue.”
“Not sure I c-c-can.” He was sure he wasn’t smiling now.
“Try, Jim.”
Jim shifted his legs, tucking them under his body. “Think life without toes will suck?”

12.25.2268, 0900
The tree was beautiful, but even more beautiful was the sight of the massive wrapped box, and Bones in a Santa hat beside it. Spock stood nervously.
“Couldn’t get Spock in the Santa hat, eh?”
“Your gift, Jim.” Spock gestured to the box, which jumped.
“Did that box jump?”
“Open the goddamn box, Jim.”
“Foul-mouthed Santa,” Jim muttered, as he lifted the lid, and was promptly bowled over by an enthusiastic bundle of golden fur. Jim looked up at the slobbering puppy, framed by Spock and Bones looking down at him. He grinned.
“Merry Christmas, Jim.”
“I love you guys.”

12.25.2278, 0900
“Jim.” Spock’s voice was serious. “Please.”
Jim shook his head violently from where he stood, looking down at them.
“If I sit down again, I won’t stand back up.”
“You need my body heat to keep your blood circulating.”
“No, I don’t. Bones does.”
McCoy was slumped against Spock, unconscious, his skin turning a pale blue.
“Jim… I’m afraid the doctor may no longer be benefitting from my warmth.”
“No!” Jim’s harsh cry was startling loud in the silence of ice and snow. “Don’t say that! Don’t.” He sank to his knees, tears frozen in the corners of his eyes.

12.25.2268, 1900
“His name is Comet.”
“Hell no. Everyone names their dog Comet.”
“Everyone? We’re on a freaking starship, Bones, I don’t see any other golden retrievers around to get confused.”
Jim lay on the floor, rubbing the dog’s stomach while it – Comet, Bones conceded with an eyeroll – vigorously licked Jim’s face.
“Spock, I think he’s found a new soulmate.”
“Indeed.”
“Hey guys! Think there’s room in the bed for one more?”
“No!”
“C’mere.”
They sat, only half-reluctantly, to join in petting the ecstatic pup. Jim was beaming as he leaned close, whispering into Comet’s ear. “Welcome to the family.”

12.25.2278, 1900
Jim awoke suddenly, and Spock was there, pressing a warm hand to his shoulder. “Jim. You are on the Enterprise.”
“Bones…”
“He is fine.”
“Fine has variable meanings, Spock, fine is… is…” Jim was frantic, babbling.
“He will return to his previous condition.”
Jim squeezed his eyes shut. Thawed tears rolled down his cheeks.
Jim felt hot breath against his temple and looked over to see wide brown eyes returning his gaze with affection. “Comet!”
“Knew you cared about that damn dog more than me,” said a gruff voice from the next bed.
Jim laughed. “Bones, you’re back! Merry Christmas everyone.”