The wedding festivities were beautiful! Rayne was so excited to be there with her new friends or what she would now call her family. Malgrim grumbled a lot but she tried to focus on being happy, and keeping Rune out of trouble. She had promised him a hunt, so that's what she was going to do. After talking with Malgrim a bit, getting to see her new outfits and shoving him out of the hut to go learn the potency formula, she went to work. Malgrim had been upset about things not being his sort of fun. She knew he was really upset about not being able to scribe some spells, so instead of hunting with them, she'd leave a little of his birthday gift for him early. Just enough to do a few scrolls. She placed them on his cot and went to find Nketia for information about food and drink. After some chatter, being shown the dining platform and collecting some delicious water, she ran back to try to catch sight of Malgrim before he went into the hut.
She rounded the corner and opened the door to find Malgrim just walking over to the cots.
"Oh hey! Did you get the formula?!" Rayne asked excitedly.
"Oh huh, yeah I got it." Malgrim mumbled a bit.
"Good! Hey, what's that on your bed?" She smiled and pointed to a wrapped package. She knew exactly what it was but did her best to act confused.
"Oh, I just thought that was another thing for you." Malgrim looked at her a bit confused.
"No! That's your bed, see it has your outfit for the ceremony on it. Mine is over here with my dresses on them." She paused for a moment expectantly. "Well, aren't you going to open it!?!" her face was alight. She could hardly contain her excitement.
He shrugged and sat down to open the package. As he did, he let out a huff. "Huh, this is all the materials needed for transcribing spells..." he turned to look at her with a toothy, knowing grin.
"Oh wow! Guess someone was able to find you some stuff! Okay, well, you have fun doing that, we are going to go hunt! BYE!!" she didn't give him time to say anything else as she ran out of the room, calling Rune behind her.
The hut was a small single room made of branches growing together, with a leafy green roof. There was a small table and two reed cots set up in the room, bits of sunlight shown through the leaves of the roof.
Rayne ran up to the edge of the village, eagerly searching out where she knew Akosa would be. Once her eyes locked on him, she ran and jumped into his arms. "Ready for the hunt?!"
He laughed, a little out of breath, "Oh! Rayne! Yes, This shall be fun!" He let go of her and pulled the bow she had gifted him. Rayne looked down at Rune and nodded as they stalked into the forest. She let Rune take the lead as this was his hunt. He searched for about an hour or so before he finally sniffed out the trail of a large water buck. With ears laid back a bit, he began to creep towards the sound of water rushing on the other side of a line of brush. Rune's golden eyes turned back to Rayne, "Can I..?" he asked lowly. She nodded. "It's your hunt." But as she did, she stepped on a twig.
The large water buck's head raised up from the water. His shoulders were easily head height to Rayne with sharp antlers towering at what must have been 8 feet high. He snorted as Rune lunged with lightning speed out of the bush, leaping across the brooke, narrowly missing the needle horns and sinking his teeth into the neck of the beast. At that moment Rayne and Akosa began sinking arrows into the beasts hide. It took a few arrows each, but finally with one last tug, Rune flung from the bucks neck. With a spray of crimson liquid, Rune landed on his feet just a short bit from the creature, visora covering his face and neck. Clutched between his teeth was a large chunk of flesh. The buck whistled it's last breath as it fell at Rune's feet. Rayne and Akosa ran up across the water, grabbing her holy symbol to Gozreh, "good job Rune! Thank Gozreh for this animal's sacrifice. It will feed us well."
"Us?!?!" Rune exclaimed "well, just us three right?" He dropped the chunk of meat to his feet.
"No, this is enough to feed us at the festival if Akosa and Jahsi will have it. Otherwise it can be prepared to bring home. Right?" She smiled at Akosa.
"We generally don't eat much meat, but it won't go to waste." He assured her, Rune however looked very confused.
"But we killed it. We eat. They can get their own." As a Worg, he had a hard time understanding the concept of sharing. It was a struggle but he reluctantly listened to her and ate his spoils. Akosa climbed a nearby tree like he had hands with small hooks on them. She was always in admiration of the Ekujae. She heard a whistle come from the trees shortly before Akosa slid back down. "Okay, help will come to bring it back." He answered before she could ask what he was doing.
While they waited, they talked about many things. He had no idea what snow was, so she used one of her cantrips to show him a frozen leaf and explain about snowball fights. She then began rambling about Malgrim. She remained so confused. She explained when they returned home, how Malgrim had suggested they share a room and bed, but how he still had nightmares and wouldn't tell her. She zoned out a bit in her ramblings but stopped when Akosa started laughing.
"Now I know how Nketia felt." he shook his head. She had previously been going back and forth about how she didn't know how he felt about her and afraid that he didn't care about her.
"How long have you been traveling together?" he asked.
"Uh..six or seven months by now I think...Why?"
"And he is still with you. He shares a bed with you. Yes?"
"Yeah..."
"How do you not....Oh Child!"
Rayne blushed and smiled, "I mean, I hope but he doesn't..." and her voice trailed off as if in an instant it hit her. He was raised a Hobgoblin, they don't have affection. They fight to find out if they are going to spawn a child. He doesn't know how to show any of it. How he does is by teasing her gently. Her mind spun with all the small jokes he made at her, all the mending he's done on her armor and how he's tended to her wounds or let her do things that annoy him. After a short bit, Akosa came into focus. "Oh..."
He just laughed and shook his head. About that time the Ekujae had arrived and began to tie up the buck. They all pulled the load back to the village. Once there, she hugged Akosa again, "So what do I do..." He Smirked "While it's usually cliche to hook up at someone else's wedding, consider me your Nketia." She grinned widely and ran back to the hut to find Malgrim.
Rune and Rayne busted through the door excitedly, startling Malgrim. "Ahh! What the hell happened?!" She hadn't realized they were covered in blood and senue. "Rune did amazing! Took down a huge water buck. It's shoulders were as tall as me!" She exclaimed and then looked at Rune. "Oh whoops. Rune, clean yourself!" she said as she cast prestidigitation on herself. Once Rune had gotten everything he could reach, she took care of the rest.
"Sorry about that. So did you get your spells done?" She asked, walking over and pulling up the two piece dress she was given. It was a blue and green tube top and long skirt that had a split up each side that came nearly to her hip. Revealing, but cool. "Almost. I was able to copy one and I'm almost done with this one." he answered, sounding a bit more pleasant than when she left. "Well, focus on that while I change. Arphix, you know the drill" she said as she walked over to close the door and began taking off her armor. Once she had the dress on, she pulled her hair out of her braid and let it hang down her back.
"Okay Malgrim, it's safe." She giggled as she went and sat on her bed. He eventually finished his spell and told her all about them. One was an arrow of acid, and another was the ability to make people insane for a time. "Please don't use that one me..." she pleaded. "No need.." he chuckled back. "Lets go get dinner." She smiled and reached out her hand.
They headed toward the dining platform of the treetop village. As they arrived, Malgrim looked a bit confused. Rayne pulled him along, "Just get what you want." she said as she grabbed a platter to put some fresh and roasted fruit, baked yams, carrots and a handful of nuts. Malgrim looked over the spread with concern, she only laughed a bit, "They don't eat meat much. I've got some in the bag of holding if you want." He sighed and picked up some yams, veggies and nuts. He went to grab for utensils but realized there were none and rolled his eyes. "So..where do we sit..?" He asked as she walked over to an open area and sat down on one of the many colorful mats in the area. "Oh..Man, why can't they have chairs? It's not hard.." He complained.
Rayne explained that elves just tend to eat less meat. Just bodily or personal preference. He didn't seem to understand though. About halfway through her fruit Akosa and Jahsi came and sat with them. Rayne was overjoyed, "I'm so happy for you guys! This is amazing! So tomorrow, you'll go through the ceremony right? Are you nervous? I'm sure you are but I mean, you've been together for a month at least, and known each other for a lifetime...so it shouldn't be so bad right?" She grinned. They explained though that there is actually a ritual to bind them using magic. If all goes well, they will be bound to each other and be able to sense each other from any distance. Rayne was in awe. Malgrim was rather silent, just trying to eat his food.
"Malgrim, you're all quiet..." Rayne complained, setting her now empty tray to the side.
"Yeah well, not much for me to say. Now if we start talking about battle or the formulation of the ------." Rayne just stared at him blinking as if he had spoken a language she didn't know. "What the heck..who the heck...HUH?" she asked. "Oh come on...there is this hobgoblin phrase...it's a bit grotesque but It's as easy as skinning a babe."
Rayne's eyes go wide, "What?! Oh No!" she shook her head, "What, I mean...it's not wrong...come on you can start at the scalp, the neck, the tailbone..." Malgrim began to trail off before she interrupted him. "No. Just no...I mean..I'm sure you have some experience in it....back then..but No..." He cut her off, "What just want me to yell to everyone how I'm a hobgoblin so I used to Skin babies?!?!" Rayne's mouth dropped open, her eyes saddening, "No..I just...I was just meaning that was then..." she didn't know what to say. She didn't mean to press a sore button, "Yea well....These Yams right!? They're great!!!! THE YAMS HUH?!" Malgrim growled loudly. She sighed and lowered her head, "Yeah, you're good at trying to change the subject.."
"Oh, am I just jabbering about these Yams now in a poor attempt to distract from my horrible past...Maybe!! BUT THESE YAMS!!!!" he yells even louder then becomes quiet. Rayne just sighed and looked up at Akosa. Both Jahsi and Akosa were sitting there a bit concerned but they understood more than most.
"Come on Malgrim, I'm done eating, want some Yams for the hut?" She took a deep breath and smiled, "Sorry guys, We are gonna head to bed...have a great rest of the night. See you in the morning!" She stood up and took their platters to the area to trough with water. Quickly she cleaned them off and set them aside.
As they were nearing the front of the hut, she stopped and turned to Malgrim, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to say it like that, or bring up your past.." She sighed, "I'm really sorry."
"You just don't know when to stop talking sometimes. It's okay." His gaze softened a bit at her.
She went to give him a hug but slowly, "Thank you...um, Can I hug you?..." she asked slowly. He just kind of stood there looking at her weirdly as she had never asked if she could hug him before. He didn't pull away though, so she continued into the hug. However, as he pulled away, he pulled her back and for the first time, really reciprocated the hug. She let out a soft sigh and held it until he finally let her go.
She adjusted herself a bit and turned quickly to open the door, as she felt the blood rushing to her cheeks. She opened the door and looked at the two beds, separated and turned back to Malgrim. "Um, do you want to leave the beds as they are or push them together?"
"Why do you always ask me? How have we been having them before...have I said anything to the contrary?" He sorta grumbled. She sighed for a moment then smiled really wide and went towards the bed, pulling hers over to his so they made one single bed. "I'm gonna put my night outfit on now so..." she warned as she began digging in her bag for the soft thin gown she had made. It was light blue with lace around the top that covered her breasts. The fabric went to about 6in above her knee. She still kept her underwear on of course, but this would be cooler to sleep in. She turned to Malgrim who was sitting on the other side of the bed now, taking off his shoes. "Okay, I'm done. That's better." He turned and looked at her and she could swear she saw a bit of his cheeks turn a darker blue. "That's new.." he said as he turned back around, just sort of sitting there now.
"Yeah, I had it made because I knew we were coming back and I wanted something that would be cooler and pretty!" She kinda giggled as she knelt on the bed behind him. He had begun to take off his shirt as she approached. His back was covered in scars from beatings he had taken. She reached up to nearly touch his skin, "Can I touch them?" she asked. Malgrim nodded and she began to run her fingers across the lines. After a few minutes she pulled herself up against him, leaning her elbows on his shoulders. His eyes went a bit wide as she pressed herself to him. She just laid her head there for a bit. Her mind swirling. She thought of Akosa. She couldn't ask him or expect him to try to talk to Malgrim during his wedding. She took several deep breaths.
"...I was telling the truth when I said you weren't ugly..." She said softly as she kissed him on the cheek. Before he could do anything, she had jumped away and was laying on her side of the bed. She thought he'd freak out and turn around and say something but he just set there, for what felt like forever. She turned her head a bit to look back at him and he was just sitting there, chewing on his lip and rubbing his hands. She furrowed her brow, she had done it again. Again, she took a deep breath and pulled herself to be lying curled around his back and her head on his leg, looking up at him.
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that..or at least ran away like I did. I was afraid of your reaction...not of you like hurting me..just...I didn't know what you would do...afraid of rejection.." she lowered her eyes, then looked back up at him, still chewing his lip.
Finally after a few moments he broke the silence. "Ya know, us hobgoblins, we don't know how to do this sort of thing. There's not any..." He struggled to find the words. "Affection. This is new..." She smiled a bit as he began to try to explain his feelings. She eventually sat up and pulled herself onto his lap. "We will go at your speed, if that is what it takes. I will always be here. I'll always be with you Malgrim." She gently touched his face. "Me too" he replied.
She laid there for a while, her head on his chest as he held her. "Remember when I gave up Alchemy to study Arcane and I chose Abjuration..?...That wasn't for me." he finally whispered to her. She sat up, lips agape as she understood what he meant, "Did you follow that path...to protect me?" she asked. Malgrim nodded, "Yeah.." She wrapped her arms around him as her eyes watered with tears. He held her to him for a while and then chuckled a bit, "So, is this a thing then?" He asked. She pulled back and looked up at him, "I mean, If you want it to be.." She looked up at him longingly.
He rolled his eyes, "Why do you have to do that..."
She then grinned and nodded, "Yes please, I want it to be!" she said hopefully. Her eyes then went wide and she buried her head in his chest. "What?" he asked. She just shook her head, "unhnum." He grabbed her side and began to squeeze as if about to start tickling her. When he did, she felt just how big his hand was. It wrapped around her whole side, finger tips nearly coming to the middle of her back. "Tell me!" she just shook her head again. "Nuhuh!" He squeezed a bit and began tickling. She squirmed "OKAY OKAY!"
"Um, Remember..ya know..you made fun of me about it...umm..." She chewed on her lip. Malgrim just squinted his eyes down at her, though she couldn't see them. "That doesn't tell me much.." He began to tickle a bit again, "I've never been with anyone..." She tried to squirm away a bit. He nodded in acknowledgement. "That makes two of us..." He pulled her close again. She cocked her head, he had told her many times about how women at brothels liked to experiment with 'the Hobgoblin'. She thought he had been with many women. "But...you said...Brothels and..they liked it sometimes because of curiosity..." she questioned, sitting up again.
"It's easier to pay them to act like they were violated...." he explained. He never touched them or anyone. She half smiled, "I'm sorry you had to do that...um..We will cross that bridge later than 'cause...I don't..." She trailed off and shook her head. He laughed a bit, "Yeah...No..That's fine. It's cool..we'll have two layers between us anyway..." Now he was rambling. She thought, counted, "Uh Yeah...well three..I've still got my underwear on. Oh By the way do you like this? I sorta hoped you did.." She smiled and wiggled a bit on his lap and realized it was getting a bit uncomfortable. He coughed and nodded, "Yeah it..I wasn't sure what you had on..." She slid off of his lap back on to the bed. The blush on her face was just beginning to fade when she looked down to his lap where she was sitting. She could see the outline of what was pressing against her. "Oh..." she whispered a bit. "Umm...." at that she just giggled and laid back.
Malgrim sat there for a little bit trying to rearrange himself to no avail. "Are you going to lay down with me?" she asked and reached out for his back. He finally laid down but was still trying to rearrange himself. She cuddled up to him but couldn't go to sleep. Her chest was so tight, her heart was racing. She pretended to sleep but her skin was crawling. As she laid there, she heard him move over a bit. Without thinking she rolled over, reaching out for him "Wait..don't leave..." she whispered, opening her eyes to see him having begun to untie his trousers. He froze.
"Sorry...If it's uncomfortable...you can take them off. I don't want you to be uncomfortable..." She smiled a bit, glancing down again seeing the silhouette of it in his pants. "I mean, it is but..then there'd be nothing..Are you sure..?" He asked her. She smirked, "I'll even be fair.." she said as she laid on her back and pulled her gown off, leaving her in just her shorts for a few moments before she slipped out of them and put them on the floor. "There, now it's fair." She smiled as she looked over at him. He moved quicker than she thought he would and finished untying his trousers and tossing them to the side.
She looked down at him and then up to his eyes. They breathed slowly for a moment, staring into each other's eyes. In tandem, they reached for each other, she rolled into his arms as he pulled her to him. He dragged one hand down her back, nails pulling at her skin leaving thin red lines down her ivory skin. She let out a moan against his neck. She pressed her lips to his skin, kissing him gently until his hand reached her hip. He dug his nails into her skin, but not enough to draw blood. She growled and bit at his neck. Her mind was lost. She didn't know what she was doing, she wasn't thinking. She couldn't. All she knew is she wanted him. His voice growled in her ear as she let go of his skin. She moved up to his face, looking into his eyes and then at his tusks. Problem, she didn't know how to do that. She didn't care, she leaned down and pressed her lips to his. She felt the sharp points press against her cheeks. He parted his lips and turned his head to make it easier to kiss her back. She rolled on top of him, sitting up and looking down at his chest. She could feel his massive member between her legs. She was scared before, but now she didn't care. She smiled down at him, then tossed her head back with a moan as he gripped her cheeks in both of his hands. He used that to grab her hair and flip her over onto her back and reposition them. He moved his legs to open hers. She looked up at him, reaching her hands to his face. She traced her fingers over the sides of his face until they reached the base of his neck. He pressed forward, keeping eye contact with her as he pressed slowly into her. She arched her back, squinting her eyes as she felt the intrusion. He was huge but he took her slowly. She held onto his neck, digging her nails into him until he was pressed as far as he could in her. She realized she was holding her breath as she let out a long moan.  
"Malgrim.." She whimpered as he pulled back slowly and then plunged back into her. She was sure the entire village heard her as she lost her mind in him. Eventually she pulled herself up to wrap her legs around him. She held on to his neck as he moved to his knees. She began pulling herself up and moving with him. It didn't take long before they both were lost. She whimpered in his ear once more, "Malgrim...." He growled, dragging both hands down her back. She screamed and bit his neck as her body convulsed. She could feel him so deep inside her and hot liquid filling her. He groaned and bit her shoulder, his sharp teeth breaking skin. Trickles of blood dripped down her back and neck but she could hardly feel it. After a few moments, he tasted the blood in his mouth and pulled back, holding her to his chest. She let go, breathing hard and still shaking. He finally laid her down and pulled out of her. He reached to the side of the bed for his med kit. He pulled out a cloth and some disinfectant.
"Here.." he said as he rolled over, pressing the cloth to her shoulder. "Are you okay?" He asked. She just smiled at him, reached for his face and nodded. He cleaned her wound quickly and laid down next to her. She snuggled into his arm, laying her head on his chest. "That was amazing!" She smiled as she nuzzled his chest.