Michael's apartment – Later... 

"I wonder how long he's been here?"

"Which one?""

"Lukas..." Ben placed hands on his hips.

They stood in front of Michael's tiny kitchenette, looking down at the two men cuddled on the couch.

"Look, man... they're layin' asleep, right over there. Shake one of them awake and ask."

"Okay. Fine." Ben never moved. He almost stepped behind Lukas. "I will."

Lukas put a strong palm to Ben's chest, preventing him from moving one step forward or backward. "Wait. They look really exhausted. They're kind of peaceful-like. Would seem a shame to wake them to ask such a stupid question."

"Excuse me... that happens to be MY boyfriend, laying in the arms of his best friend."

"Which means what?" Lukas crossed his arms over his upper chest, grabbing his elbows. "Sleep, man. That's all it appears to be. Nothin' happened. They're still clothed."

"Have you ever been around them? Seen them when they're alone together?"

It was finally clear to Lukas what was wrong with Ben. "Ahhhhhh, I see. It's the 'potential' for sex that scares you. You think... that they think... that oral and handjobs don't equate real s-e-x. That shared intimacy is neither a forced issue or a latent lustful urge. That it's there and real... poking you in the arm like an annoying little brother." He punctuated the comment with his own "poking" of Ben's biceps.

"No. That's not what I mean at all." Ben turned a curious eye to his best friend. "And where the HELL did you come up with that crap?"

"Hello? My dad teaches psychology at Carnegie. Remember him? The man who has your employment contract in the palm of his hands." Lukas tilted his head to look at the way Brian and Michael were laying on the cushions. "That does look mighty comfortable, though."

"Luke, I'm not gonna sit here and fuckin' pick apart the way they hold one another."

"But... wait... see how higher up Michael is laying than Brian. The way Kinney's head hits that tiny chest. And that... look at where his hand is... it's not anywhere near the groin or crotch. It's simply clutching Michael's hip..."

"And the way that their shirts are riding up their torsos... and how low their pants are. Those little patches of skin exposed that they lightly caress in sleep." Ben couldn't look anymore. He rubbed at his hairline. "C'mon... coming over here was a mistake." He turned on the ball of his foot to walk back toward the door.

"You should have called first, you know." Lukas walked backward toward the door. He couldn't take his eyes off the way Brian and Michael were laying asleep... so peaceful, yet so loudly deafening. "You did ask him to take Michael home, Jamie."

Ben opened the door, waited for Lukas to follow him. He shut and locked the bolt on the paneling. "Yeah, but... he can't simply drop Michael home? He has to stay the whole night?"

"Maybe he needed a shoulder to cry on. You're the one who's supposed to know what Kinney's been doing all these three months." Lukas shrugged one shoulder, tucking his hands in his pockets as they strolled down the winding stairs, out of the apartment building and back to the truck.

"Yeah... right... that'll be the day." Ben put Michael's apartment keys in his pocket, climbing back into the passenger seat of Lukas' truck.

Lukas slid in, as well, taking the driver's seat. "You still haven't told him, have you?"

"I think I lost my nerve. I get one look in those brown eyes and... poof... I can't hurt him. Even with simple words."

"Yet... you're still doing the interviews, huh?" Lukas revved the truck engine, pressing on the gas pedal until he could switch the gears. "And the filming?"

"Yeah. The guys are really quite cooperative. Some are... blatantly open, most tend to be oddly shy. I blame that on the camera. For the most part, they've been not only talkative about their experience with Brian... but just their whole gay experiences. It's kind of consoling, in a weird way."

Lukas pulled away from the curb, heading back toward Ben's apartment. "When you film them... do they, uh... start doing things for the camera?" He made a gesture with his right hand like he was stroking his cock.

"Things? Like what things?" Ben bit his lips, trying to play coy.

"Well... when you talk about your sexual history... some tend to feel motivated to touch themselves. Ever see James Spader in 'Sex, Lies and Videotape'?... guy was weird as shit... impotent, but god-damn if when he taped these... women, talking so innocently about their sex lives, they'd pleasure themselves right in front of him, camera rolling and all. The guy would watch them later, in private... and whack his monkey. Dude rocked. Not to mention... if what you're telling me is correct... they all just got done having The Best sex of their lives in Kinney's bed. I'd think they'd still be raring to go."

"You mean, like, masturbating... or..."

"Jesus, Jamie... do you turn the lights off in the room when you ask them questions?" Lukas reached into his shirt pocket for his smokes, he tapped one out. He threw the carton at Ben. "You fuckin' know what I'm talking about, asshole." He lit up his cigarette butt. He watched Ben pull out one for himself. "I thought you quit, man?"

"I did. I smoke only when my nerves are shot." Ben took the lighter from Lukas' hand. He put the box of cigarettes between them. He covered the end with his hand, lighting the butt. He put the lighter on top of the box. "Mind if I roll down the window?"

"Nah... do it. But don't cry at me if you freeze your fuckin' ass off." Lukas talked with the cigarette dangling from between his full lips, causing Ben to watch them move. "So... you gonna spill about them boys of Kinney's?"

"I'm not telling you anything, Luke. Those tapes are private. Even if some things did happen... you won't ever find out." Ben wasn't sure he liked how the cigarette made Lukas look more sexy and dangerous... fuck-able in the most trashiest and kinkiest of ways. Maybe it was the maturity his friend had gained over the years. Watching your lover die would do that to you. He'd meant to ask Lukas how he was doing with the loss of his longtime boyfriend, the one he almost married in Hawaii. But he would save that question for later.

"I can snoop in your place when you're gone."

"I don't keep them in my apartment, jerk."

"Am I taking you back to your place?" Lukas was so disorganized with his thoughts lately, whenever he was in Ben's company these days. He fumbled a lot with his hands, which wasn't something he normally did. He also got tongue-tied at the worst possible moments.

"Uh... yeah... why...?"

"I dunno... I'm feeling a little... disturbed..."

"Horny?"

"Uhm... nah... it's a tad more complicated than that."

"What is?"

"I like... ache... but not like heartache..." Lukas moved his hand around the center of his chest. "... just ache like when you have a cold or a fever kind of ache."

"I told you my couch wasn't the most comfortable. You're used to sleeping on the floor in sleeping bags. " Ben flicked out his cigarette from the open window, rolling the glass back up. “Sleeping outdoors, under the stars.” He spoke as if he admired the freedoms of his best friend, the ways he was such a free-spirit about everything.

"Come to Hawaii with me over the summer."

Ben smirked, loving the idea. "I can't." Lukas always tended to have lofty dreams.

"Why? It's almost six months away. Big Plans?" Lukas laughed, the corners of his eyes crinkling with hilarity.

"I wanted to do some writing this summer. Possibly go back to my family's lake house or... somewhere... well, I was hoping to invite Michael along, but..."

"Yeah... plans get put on hold when Michael's involved, huh?"

"I'm not really complaining. Well, as much as I should. I just... I want to know we can go on vacations without having to check in with Brian first. And if we do go away together... I don't want him pining for his best friend. It's less of a hassle to just go on my own, not even bring Michael along."

"So why don't you do that. Plan to go yourself. If you two happen to still be boyfriend y boyfriend... kidnap him. Hide the cell phone. Don't tell Brian where you two are going."

"I'm not forcing Michael to leave Pittsburgh if he doesn't want to."

"Well, then... sadly... you know what you're gonna have to do..."

"What?" Ben couldn't wait to hear this thought.

"Make it a double vacation... like a double date... invite Kinney, as well."

Ben sat, jaw loose and open. "That... would be emotional suicide. Not to mention having to see things like what we saw back at Michael's apartment. No... it has to be a clean slate. No Brian Kinney... at all."

Lukas glanced at Ben from the side of his eyes. "Oh, Christ... you are so dying to get between them... and you know it."

Ben covered both his hands over his face. "I'm a pervert. It's been dormant for too long. I just... for one night... wanna know what... sets them on fire for one another."

"Sheesh... are you kidding me?! You ain't the only one wanting court-side seats or at least to play once in the game. That shit... when it, or if it, ever happens... will be explosive. And I'm not simply talkin' 'bout the orgasms."

Ben sighed heavily, wanting to change the subject, which reminded him of something he had been wondering. "Damn... you mentioned something earlier, Luke... and I changed the subject on you."

"What?" Lukas was a little confused.

"You said you were feeling a little achy. I suppose you were about to explain to me why... when I..."

"Oh, yeah... right..."

"You know... I can talk about other things besides Brian and Michael. Is it something to do with your father?"

"No... and yes..."

"What does that mean?"

"He liked my last boyfriend -- Connor."

"Yeah... and..."

"Well... I didn't."

"Oh... so conflict of interest. It's your life, Luke. Just 'cause your father liked him doesn't mean you have to."

"I don't know. Our break-up made me step back a bit and look at my life. Ever since Danny passed... I don't know...” Lukas became quiet, contemplative as memories of Daniel passed through his mind. “... my life stopped moving so fast. Like it came to some fuckin' standstill and I had to face it...” He almost smacked the palm of his right hand into his face, full front-ways. “... head on..."

"And... you were disappointed?"

"No... I was fuckin' ecstatic!!” Lukas bit back sarcastically. “Shit, yeah... I was disappointed." He flicked his eyes over at Ben. "I guess that's why I came back home for a bit. Got lonely, missed my family. Missed you..."

"Well, I'm flattered, Luke, but..."

Lukas rubbed the circumference of the steering wheel, then ended up locking his hands at the bottom rung. "I'll stay if you want me to."

Ben was bewildered. Lukas never stayed in one place for too long, before he was off on another adventure. "Excuse me?"

"If you asked me to, I'll stay in Pittsburgh."

"Why?"

"Because... in a nutshell, Jamie... I'm the only family you got here, besides Dad. And you two are more like mentor and student. I don't know how many times I've tried to shield the phone calls from your Mom. She... she really misses you, too, you know."

"Yeah, I DO know. All too well. She can keep missing me until the day I die."

Lukas went numb, breathless... then speechless. "Don't... please... don't talk like that..."

"Why not? She and my father made my life a living hell while I was growing up. Took everything in me to get out of that house when I could. Make my own way through life, on my own dime." Ben was staring out the windshield for what seemed like five minutes, then turned to his window to gaze out onto the Pittsburgh skyline. "I'm sad that my father passed before I was able to say goodbye, but... he never wanted me for a son once he found out I was gay. My mother wasn't any different."

"She emails me all those PFLAG PSAs... you know, especially about checking your testicles for prostate cancer." Lukas inwardly shivered, making Ben snicker lightly. "She always reminds me to forward the stupid shit to you too. In case her emails don't get through."

"I get 'em. Then I delete 'em. If that's all she wants to say to me... I've got no time for her."

"I've always wondered... does she know you're sick?"

"Yes... it's why she turned over a new leaf. Suddenly having a dying gay son was more sympathetic than your simple run-o-the-mill homosexual in the family."

"Did your father ever know?"

"No. Thank God."

"Would you have told him?"

"I wouldn't have. I'm sure my mother would have, eventually."

"I'm glad you called me when you got the test results. Sorry I couldn't make it over fast enough. My flights weren't connecting right. Out of 48hrs of flying, I think I spent 65% of it in the airport, sleeping on the floor, near the gate."

Ben looked over at Lukas, suddenly realizing the moisture collecting in those wide, fast-blinking green eyes. Shit!... He unbuckled his belt, sliding closer. He didn't merge bodies with him, but he sat near enough to grab one hand. He brought their joining to his chest. "I was honored that you felt you had to come so quickly to my side. After Danny, I wasn't sure you'd want to listen to my tragic life. Your father made a bigger deal out of it than he should have. I knew you'd think I was sick enough to be in the hospital. It meant the world to me to see your face when I woke up."

"Damn... has it really been two years, man? Seems like just yesterday to me. I know for you... living with it, hanging over your head..." Lukas squeezed Ben's hand in his grip. "I owe you so much for all the shit I made you put up with. I wasn't the best roommate in college. So, needless to say, it shocked me when you actually wanted to be my roommate in the outside world."

"You were hardly ever there, Luke." Ben slid his arm along the back of the bench seat behind Lukas' head. "You paid rent on time too. You were like a godsend."

"Competitive surfing took me away from a lot of great things in my life.” Lukas dipped his chin to chest, unsure how he felt about having Ben so close to his side, feeling his warmth, feeling his strength. The not-being-able-to touch-without-thinking-about-Michael was preventing him from simply turning his head to seek a certain comfort. “I'm just now realizing what I may have lost in the long term." He couldn't lift his head and look up at Ben, knowing how intense and intent that mesmerizing blue gaze would be on him.

"Is that what's making you ache?" Ben reached out, with just his index and middle finger, to play with the end curls on the nape of Lukas' neck. He had some idea, from all the sand, surf and salt-water, the strands would be coarse and fragile. The silky-softness was a little bewildering, for the moment. Ben wondered what it smelled like, if he buried his face into the head. Then he frowned, because he hadn't had a thought of Lukas like that in years.

"Hell, yeah. Looking at those two... your boyfriend and his best friend. Think about it, Jamie... that could well have been us."

"But... I'm not your type."

"Who the fuck told you I had a 'type'?"

Ben chuckled, shaking his head. "No one. I'm only guessing."

"Good, because we love who we love, period. 'Type' doesn't mean a damn thing when it involves the heart."

"You sound like you almost can understand where Brian and Michael are coming from."

"I do."

"Oh? How?"

"Uhm... nope... I haven't had sex with Brian Kinney AND... never will. So you can't turn your camera on me and ask me all those silly, fucked-up interview questions."

"You're just being mean 'cause you want to see the tapes."

"No. I just don't think you're ready to hear what I have to say."

"Fine. Be that way. I got all the time in the world to wait on your ass."

Lukas paused, momentarily, suddenly realizing if Ben had to stop to ponder when he said things like that.

Ben had been looking out the windshield, before he realized he hadn't let Lukas' offer register in his head fully. "You'd really abandon everything in your career to come live with me? And be what?"

"Lots of jobs I'm good for out here in the city, Jamie. Water isn't only near the beaches. Plus... who else will you have on your side if Michael should dump your hot ass for Kinney?"

Ben started out with a slow snicker, then just outright chuckled. "You always know how to lift my spirits in times of strife."

Lukas brought over their hands to his lap, caught up in the softness of Ben's skin on his. He wanted to do so much more in this one second of time, but stopped. Only because... Ben didn't need anymore sex complicating his life.

Yeah... sex... sex with Ben... sex with his best friend. Lukas knew he really shouldn't be thinking of these things, not at time like this. Especially since meeting Ben's new boyfriend.

Nah... Lukas couldn't sympathize with Brian Kinney at all.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Michael shifted a bit causing Brian to blink open his eyes. He felt the small arms tighten about his shoulders and biceps. He pressed his forehead into Michael's chest. "... ugh... I should leave..."

Michael enveloped his body completely around Brian. "No... please ... don't..." He moaned out his words in desperation. "Ben's not coming over, I guess. 'Sides... ever since Lukas arrived in town Ben's really neglected him." 

"Mmmm..." Brian nuzzled his face into Michael's breastbone. "... that blond guy who was all over you the other night."

Michael smiled cheekily. "Correction. I was all over him ." His hands moved to begin lifting Brian's shirt out of his waistband, so he could touch naked flesh. "Oh... man... that was some wicked shit Anita gave you that night. My pores were tingling. It felt like it was raining on me all the time."

Brian skimmed his fingertips over Michael's bare stomach. "How 'bout now?"

Michael smirked down at Brian. "... but I haven't taken anything..."

"I'll give you something more stimulating than any drug Anita has to offer." Brian came up along Michael's chest to snatch Michael's lips under his, their tongues dueling for dominance. His hand trailed up, under Michael's shirt, exposing a dark, pert nipple. He squeezed the bud between index finger and thumb, tweaking the skin.

Michael broke the contact to arch back a little on the cushions. He placed pressure on Brian's head to take the nipple in his mouth. "Jesus... what ... Brian... what are we doing ?"

"I dunno... want me to stop...?" Brian first licked the circumference of the nipple, then lightly bit with his front teeth. His tongue came out to roll over the tip, causing Michael to quiver.

"Uhm... give me a few minutes, but keep doing what you're doing." Michael felt Brian shift them. Oddly... Brian lay on his back, Michael on top. Luscious lips were still suckling at his right nipple. He raised his hands to thread in Brian's hair, then grabbed a hold of the scalp. He slid his chest over, allowing Brian to do the same actions to the left nipple.

Brian felt Michael thrusting against his abdomen. He clutched the hips, fingers sinking under the material of the black jeans. He could only get far enough down to spread over the upper curves of Michael's ass. Feeling Michael methodically sink down his body, rubbing his face in his mussed locks, kissing and licking his face... sucking at his neck and collar, then slipping further along to give attention to Brian's own nipples, through his button-down sleeveless shirt. Brian arced his body, gliding Michael down to go even further. "Do it... just... rip it off... don't care..." He could hear the sound of his own voice, cracking with desire.

Michael was kissing the exposed portion of skin from the top two open buttons of Brian's upper chest. He'd seen this display countless of times, but for some reason tonight ... right now ... he was savage about needing to see the bare skin. He clasped both sides of the shirt, yanking roughly. Buttons went flying and threads were frayed. Michael dived in to feast on Brian's tempting flesh.

" Oh... gawd... Michael... " 

Michael continued on down until he reached Brian's trousers. He undid the belt, then the zipper, tugging down all the clothing to expose Brian's hard cock to his hungry eyes. As he expertly stroked with hand and mouth, finally only his mouth... Michael pulled off his own clothing. The longer his blowjob lasted, the hornier he became. They quickly finished undressing Brian, as well.

Brian hefted Michael to straddle his waist, watching the dark head bob with pleasure coursing through his body. His hands flat to Michael's upper chest, Michael snatched them to suckle at each individual finger. They pounded their bodies together without need of penetration... then at the last minute Michael lifted his body high, bending down to kiss Brian's open mouth and ,as he slid back down, Brian's entire length fit inside him.

Michael whimpered at the fullness, Brian nearly came from the tightness around his throbbing cock. He grabbed Michael's dick in his hand, stroking and smoothing the pre-cum over the tip.

Suddenly... Brian realized something important... "Mikey... Mikey... Michael..." He attempted to catch Michael's attention.

Michael lowered his torso over Brian's, rolling his hips and making orgasmic faces. He was kissing and touching Brian's face without a care to how rough he was being. "What?"

"Did we... uh... did we use a condom...?" The last word was broken into two syllables as Michael clenched his anal walls around Brian's cock.

"Uhm... well... no, baby... I don't think so..." Michael reached up to latch onto the arm of the couch, for leverage.

Michael rose up high, slamming down on Brian's groin, making them both cum so hard...

... it woke Brian out of a deep sleep, entangled in Michael's arms still...

HOLY SHIT!? WHAT?!

Brian lifted his head a little to look down at them on the couch. Putting a hand to his shirt, he found out it wasn't ripped. In fact, they weren't naked at all. His palm still remained on Michael's bare midriff. Michael's fingers were absently twirling through the hair on the back of Brian's head, sliding down to the nape.

Dear God... only a dream...

"Mikey..."

"Hmmm..." Michael was half-awake, half-asleep... able to chat mysteriously with his eyes closed, eyebrows raised in quandary.

"Did I... uh, say anything?" Brian lay his head back down, wondering.

"Well... you woke up a little... told me you 'should leave'... you put your head back down... and went back to sleep..."

"That's it?"

"Yes. Why?"

"No reason." Brian shook his head, falling into Michael's embrace.

"I guess Ben's not coming over."

That was exactly what Michael had said in his dream before they had sex. He couldn't take a chance. "Michael..."

"Huh?"

"Do you have condoms?"

~~TBC...