Veronica comes and picks Weevil up at the end of his shift.

"Listen, about last night…" Weevil begins, but Veronica cuts him off.

"We're fine, okay? Don't worry about it." She glances over to him. "So Logan stayed at your house last night?"

"After a detour to his place to destroy some electronic equipment, yeah."

Veronica is quiet for a moment. "And today he came to work with you?"

"Yeah."

"Okay…"

Weevil can tell that she's trying to fit the pieces together in her mind, but he doesn't give her any more information. There really isn't anything more to tell. They pull up to Logan's house, and Weevil is relieved to see Logan's car in the driveway.

"Maybe you should go in first. He's pretty pissed at me." Weevil looks over at Veronica, who rolls her eyes.

"And he and I are best friends right now?" She gets out of the car and leans back inside. "You're coming, too." Veronica enters the gate code. Weevil stares at her, the question evident in his eyes.

"They really should change the code." She swings the gate shut behind them, and then tries the front door, which is unlocked. "Logan needs a lesson in home security, don't you think?"

There is an acrid smell inside, and the air is hazy with smoke. Veronica freezes, panicking, before she forces herself to relax.

"Logan?" She calls out, and hears frantic laughter from upstairs. She jogs into the kitchen and finds a fire extinguisher before she goes up the stairs. Weevil is already in the upstairs bedroom, opening the windows as Logan takes a drink from the bottle in his hand before pouring some of the liquid into the container at his feet. He strikes a match and drops it inside, and smoke pours out the top. Veronica looks around the room before realizing what he's doing.

"I don't know why I didn't think of this before." He drops another belt inside and drinks again before sprinkling more alcohol on the belt. He lights another match and watches as the flame tries to destroy the tough leather.

"Logan, stop." Veronica is trembling slightly as she forces herself not to run away from the flames. Logan looks at her, noticing her presence for the first time.

"Hey, Ronnie, you want something to drink?" He gestures at her with the bottle. "This is good stuff, and I'll share it with you." He glances over toward the window. "Weevil doesn't get any, though. I'm not sharing with him."

"You don't have to share, Logan. Why don't you come downstairs and lay down, and we'll clean up a little bit." Her voice is low and soft.

"No, not until we kill all the belts." He sounds matter-of-fact, as if what he's saying is completely logical. "Without the belts, he can't do anything to me."

"He can't hurt you now, Logan, he's in jail, remember?"

Logan sprawls onto his back and Veronica leaves to open the windows in the other rooms. She takes a moment to breathe in fresh air form outside. When she leaves the room, Weevil moves closer to Logan.

"Hey, man, we didn't take the car. Too easy to trace, you know?"

Logan rolls on his side to look at Weevil. His face is covered with soot, and there are tear tracks down his cheeks, but he's not crying now.

"I don't care about the car." He sounds exhausted, and Weevil wonders how long he's been up here burning belts.

"Come on, man, get cleaned up and go to bed, okay? We can handle it from here."

Logan sits up, and then laboriously tries to stand. Weevil takes his arms and helps him up, leading him into the bathroom. Weevil finds a washcloth and wets it, and begins wiping Logan's face. Veronica comes inside and takes the washcloth from him, and finishes cleaning his face. Weevil supports Logan as they walk downstairs. Veronica points to Logan's bedroom and Weevil brings him over to the bed, and together they assist him as he gets undressed. Once Logan is lying down on his side, Veronica gestures to Weevil, and they go out into the hall.

"We shouldn't leave him alone." Her brow is furrowed. "My dad is home, and he'll freak out if I'm not back soon."

"I'll stay. There've got to be like fifty guest rooms in this place, right?"

She looks at him appraisingly. "You should probably check on him a couple times to make sure he's still breathing. Logan's got a high tolerance. I've never seen him like this. God knows how much he drank."

"I'll take care of it. Don't worry about it, okay?" Weevil can tell that she's not quite convinced, but she goes to the front door.

Veronica leaves, and Weevil goes back in the room. Logan is on the right side of the queen sized bed. He's turned over onto his stomach now, and he's breathing deep, slow breaths. Weevil leans in. The scars on Logan's back are faint, not noticeable unless you know they're there, but Weevil can see them clearly. He reaches out and runs a finger down Logan's back. He can feel scars overlapping everywhere, even where they're no longer visible. Logan's breathing quickens, and he rolls back over to look at Weevil.

"Stay."

"Yeah, I'm staying here tonight, man." Weevil avoids his eyes. Logan reaches out and grabs Weevil's hand.

"Stay here." He gestures toward the other side of the bed, sounding frustrated.

"Okay, man, whatever you want." Weevil lies down on the bed. He plans on waiting until Logan is asleep and then finding another bed, but instead he falls asleep.