Kaci started up the walkway towards the house, her pace getting slower with
each step.  She had not been here in over a year, but the home in which she
spent the first 17 years of her life looked unchanged.  Memories of her
childhood came flooding back to her, some good some bad, but overriding
them all was the memory of the last day she was here- the day she told her
father that Justin loved her and that they wanted to be together.  That
Justin would never leave her, and if he couldn't see that, well, then she'd
just leave.  She hadn't spoken to her father since.

   And now here she was at his door once more, 7 months pregnant and Justin
nowhere to be found.  He had left her a few months ago, saying he never
wanted a baby and how dare she get herself knocked up as if it were her
fault.  She had tried to make it on her own, but just couldn't do it, and
now here she was, ready to beg her father for forgiveness, ready to beg him
to take her in.  She stood there, afraid to knock on the door, afraid of
what he'd say, afraid that he'd turn her away.

   Finally, realizing she couldn't stand there all day, she reached out and
lightly tapped on the door, then working up her courage, gave a full knock.
The door opened and her father took her in, his eyes unreadable.  "Hi
Daddy" she said quietly with a tentative smile.  "Hello Kaci" he replied,
his voice flat, "what brings you here?" Looking up at him, her eyes
glistening from tears "Daddy, please let me in." Without a word he stepped
aside, allowing her into her childhood home.

   He led her into the living room and sat her on the couch then walked
into the kitchen returning with a glass of water.  He sat on a chair facing
her and waited, giving her a moment to compose herself.  "Why don't you
tell me about it Kaci" he asked, not unkindly.  The whole story came
spilling out, about how they got an apartment in the city, how happy she
was when she found out she was pregnant, how he got angry and left her, how
she tried to make it on her own but just couldn't do it.  "I'm sorry Daddy.
You were right- I should have listened to you.  I understand if you hate
me, but please Daddy, please let me stay with you." she finished, and then
braced herself for the "I told you so"s and the yelling, but Daddy just
nodded once and then said quietly "You know the way to your room." "Thank
you Daddy" she whispered, then slowly got up, walking to her old room where
she collapsed on her bed, exhausted and fell asleep.

   Several hours later her father slowly opened her door, gazing at his
little girl.  He remembered coming in to her room to wake her many times
before.  The room hadn't changed since she was here last, but his little
girl sure had.  His eyes slowly roamed across her swollen belly, her milk
filled tits, her wider hips.  He felt a stirring in his groin.  "That's
your daughter!" he thought, shaking his head.  Reaching out he gently shook
her awake.  "It's time for dinner Kaci" he said quietly.

   Throughout dinner the two laughed and joked just like old times.  They
both ignored the obvious topic of conversation and Kaci was happier for it.
For Daddy it was a struggle.  He kept catching himself looking at Kaci's
sexy pregnant body and getting more and more turned on, which in turn made
him get angrier and angrier.  After dinner as they stood at the sink
washing the dishes he started thinking about how she ran out on him to be
with her loser boyfriend, about how he did not hear from her for a year,
until she needed something.  His anger started to boil into a rage.  "How
come you never called?" he asked quietly.  She looked over at him, the
start of a frown on her face.  "Daddy...I just....can we not do this
please?" "You left me!  You screamed that I was an idiot and you ran out
and now a year later you come running back home?" "Damn it dad!  We've been
through this!  I'm an adult now anyway, so fuck you!" She started to storm
off but he grabbed her by the arm, pulling her face close to his.  "Fuck
me? Fuck me?!?  You're still my little girl you bitch!  How dare you talk
to me like that?"

   With one strong hand on her back he pushed her down, bending her over
the kitchen table, her chest mashed against it, her ass sticking up. 
Grabbing her sweats, he yanked them down, exposing her butt.  "Daddy!  What
the hell are you doing?" she screamed.  "What I should have done a long
time ago" he replied, bringing his hand down hard on her ass.  Kaci cried
out as Daddy spanked her over and over, his big hands turning her ass
bright red, each swat causing her nipples and clit to slide across the
table.  "You think you can just leave and come back whenever you want you
little bitch?  You think you can tell me Fuck you and nothing will happen
to you, you stupid cunt?" he shouted as he spanked her, each name echoing
in her head, each swat sending a jolt through her body.

   As he continued to spank her Kaci realized to her horror and shame that
she was getting turned on- her nipples were hard and her pussy started to
gush.  A low moan escaped her lips.  "Oh god I hope he didn't hear that"
she thought, while trying to cover her mouth, but too late.  "You little
fucking slut" he smirked "you like it, don't you?" "N-n-no I don't.  Now
stop it" but when his hand came down again, this time across her wet pussy
she couldn't contain the moan.

   Daddy spun her around and pushed her to her knees in front of him.  "If
you're going to act like a slut, I'm going to treat you like one."
Unzipping his pants, he pulled out his rock hard cock and started rubbing
it against her cheek.  "Daddy stop!" she cried but when he ran the tip
across her lips her tongue flicked out, telling the true story.  Holding
the tip just out of reach of her mouth, he teased her.  "You want to suck
it, don't you, you little whore?" Kaci moaned in response.  Daddy moved his
cock closer, letting her lick the tip, then grabbing the back of her head,
he shoved it between her lips and started fucking her mouth.  Kaci eagerly
sucked on him, moaning around his cock.  Daddy drove his prick deeper,
gagging her, fucking her mouth hard, using her like a little slut and the
harder he used her, the wetter she got.

   Daddy pulled his cock from her mouth, a string of spit connecting the
tip to her lips.  Lifting her he spun her around again, bending her over
the table once more.  He slid his cock up and down her soaked pussy,
rubbing it in circles over her clit.  Kaci groaned, trying to push back at
his hard cock.  Suddenly he thrust forward, shoving his prick deep inside
her.  Grabbing her hips he started pounding her furiously, slamming in and
out of her dripping cunt.  "Take my cock you little slut!" Daddy shouted.
Kaci groaned, fucking back at him harder.  "God, what is wrong with me?"
she thought, as her hands found her tits and started kneading, pinching the
nipples, working them, sending waves of pleasure through her body.  "Fuck
me Daddy!  Fuck your little slut!" she cried as her body exploded into
orgasm.

   Daddy slowly pulled his cock from her pussy and kneeled behind her,
spreading her ass cheeks.  He flicked his tongue out, swirling it all
around her little asshole, pushing the tip inside her, spitting on it,
driving Kaci crazy, the pregnant girl shaking and moaning with each lick.
He stood up and grabbed her hips once more, aiming his cock at her tight
butt and pushed forward, the tip sliding into her tiny asshole.  Kaci cried
out.  Pushing harder, the head finally shoved through with a pop and Daddy
slid deeper inside her.  He slowly started fucking in and out.  "Oh god
you're so fucking tight Kaci.  I'm fucking your asshole you fucking slut!"
Picking up speed, fucking her ass faster.  Kaci slid her hand down between
her legs and started rubbing her clit, faster and faster.  Again she
started cumming, even harder than before.  "Oh Daddy!  Fuck my asshole! 
Use me like your little slut!" she moaned as wave after wave of pleasure
rolled through her body.

   Daddy knew he was close to cumming, but again he pulled back, spinning
Kaci around once more he lay her down on the kitchen floor, yanking her
shirt up, exposing her huge tits.  He started working the nipples, making
milk ooze from them.  He straddled her, sliding his hard cock between her
boobs.  Kaci quickly got the idea, and started milking her tits, making the
milk spill over his cock.  Daddy started fucking back and forth between
them.  Kaci lifted her head, flicking out her tongue to lick his head on
the upstroke, tasting her milk, her cunt and her ass.  Kaci squeezed her
tits tighter together making a tight tunnel for Daddy's cock.  He rocked
back and forth faster, breathing harder.  "Oh god Kaci!  Ohhhh..." His cock
began to pulse as the first blast of cum hit Kaci in the face.  He pulled
back, spraying cum all over her milky tits.  Kaci leaned forward, sucking
her nipples into her mouth, cleaning off her milk and his cum then took
Daddy's cock in her mouth, licking him clean.

   Finally Daddy stood up and looked down at Kaci lying on the floor.  "You
really are a good little slut Kaci, aren't you?" Kaci looked up at him with
love in her eyes.  "I'm YOUR little slut Daddy" she smiled.
   
