Edward's point of view, Bella dominant:

~~o0o~~

Every year I fought against it and every year I lost. As the date recurred, I felt the self-loathing rise in me like bile, like a poison tide engulfing me.

Not that the rest of the year was plain sailing - the knowledge of what I'd done and how I'd hurt Bella was always there, but the actual anniversary was always the worst, always swollen with pain and regret.

The memories of her suffering that I'd lifted sharp-etched from Jacob's mind tortured me like a painful tooth I probed masochistically. Jacob had long since apologised for inflicting them on me but it was simple justice that I be made to suffer when I had injured her so much and left her so vulnerable and at risk. She had almost died: it was my fault and mine alone.

And my dear sweet Bella in some ways made it worse, not that I'd ever let her catch any glimpse of that. She was so unselfish in forgiving me when all I deserved was to be punished brutally. She had barely even been angry, so generous was her nature.

Every year she suffered to see my pain, and the wound reopened further in a vicious cycle. Caught in my web of guilt and self-hatred it pained me to see her try to reassure me, saying she forgave me again and again. And every year I made her suffer again to see me in pain, rubbing salt in the wound and deepening my guilt.

Knowing all this did nothing to prevent it and once more I slid inexorably into the funnel of shame and traumatic memory, turning to music as I always did to give some voice to my feelings. The Chopin helped a little, or at least it resonated with my pain and self-disgust.

I played, eyes shut, trying to experience the music as a synesthetic skein of woven threads instead of seeing Jacob's sad images of Bella immobile, lost, clutching herself, hollow-eyed. Unforgivable and all my fault. Blind, cruel, stubborn fool that I had been.

~~o0o~~ 

The doors flew open with a noise like thunder and one of them sagged lop-sided. In a split second I was off the piano bench and crouched ready to attack, my mind analyzing the danger. But it was Bella and she was wearing…

"Bella? Wha…oh fucking hell…"

She was wearing blue leather from head to foot. Leather that clung to her curves like a second skin accentuating her full breasts and slender form. Bella was always beautiful but in this…I almost lost the use of my legs and slid to the floor. Fuck but she was lovely and powerful as she stood there, booted and gloved, her face harsh and intense. What in hell was going on?

Now she was wielding a whip and she sliced through one of our old chairs as though it were made of matchwood, excitement in her eyes. I glanced anxiously across at the splintered chair then back at this vengeful goddess, trying to calm her.

"Careful with that thing Bella, you could do someone an injury…"

"Silence!"

What? This wasn't like my Bella, she never got angry. I felt terribly confused.

"I haven't given you permission to speak you despicable wretch."

Despicable wretch? Was she on drugs? Were there even drugs that worked on vampires?

"Steady on sweetheart, you're getting a bit carried away…"

Her face twisted with anger and she cracked the whip again. The chandelier smashed to the floor in front of me.

"Fuck…" Had she gone insane? I covered my groin and hopped back to dodge rolling crystals. Damn, that chandelier was a genuine La Scala antique from 1883.

"In your dreams, you miserable turd. I heard the Chopin and I know what that means. It's the anniversary. The anniversary of when you were very bad indeed. The anniversary of when you left me, you sack of shit. Yes? Am I right?"

I stared at her, speechless. My feelings were in chaos and her harsh words spitted me like a bayonet to the gut.

"Answer me asswipe! Is that what you're moping about?"

"Yes." I was shattered. I was utterly an asswipe and it hurt to hear her finally confirm it.

"OK. This is how it's going to be, Edward. This year I'm not going to console you. I'm fed up to the back teeth with all that crap. This year you're going to get the punishment you deserve."

Punishment? I felt a cold fluttering of panic. She was so angry, so forceful. Had this been pent up inside her all these decades? My world rocked on its axis - did Bella hate me? Had she stopped loving me?

"Remember Munich?" she crooned, and rubbed the whip against my cock.

I almost liked it but I was still anxious. Munich: the games we'd played - was this a game? Sweet Jesus let it be a game. Let her not hate me.

"Have you been bad Edward? Have you been a very bad boy?"

Bella was still crooning and rubbing the whip handle up and down my cock. I was sure it was a game now but I still took her words to heart even though they aroused me. My cock twitched under the stroking pressure.

She demanded that I answer her, grabbing my hair and tipping my face back to force me to make eye contact with her.

"Well?"

Her words stirred long-faded feelings of being punished as a child, but I was only too clear what my transgression was now.

"Yes, I've been bad. I've done wrong. I'm so sorry…"

Bella tugged my hair sharply and gestured angrily with the whip, making me cringe a little.

"Sorry won't cut it. What happens to boys who've been bad, Edward? Very bad indeed? Boys who've been unforgivably bad?"

Unforgivably bad - how did she know how I felt? An oddly hot feeling of shamefaced relief washed through me as I blurted out what I needed and deserved.

"They need to be punished…I…I need to be punished…"

Punish me Bella, please…I remembered how she had ordered me to call her "Mistress" in Munich and made me her slave, bending me to her will. I remembered how much I had liked it and felt my cock stiffen.

She teased my swelling cock with the whip and I nearly groaned, closing my eyes briefly. Then she ripped off my pajama pants, leaving me shocked and vulnerable. My breathing quickened as she tore away my T-shirt as well.

I was naked before her, terrifying and glorious in the blue leather suit, my avenging angel.

She ordered me to go to my old leather couch and bend over the arm. I looked at her anxiously, and at that whip. Would she really hurt me? How much of a game was this? My balls, never very trusting, took refuge.

But she was so commanding, stepping forwards and menacing me and I had to do her bidding, to abase myself. I had been so very, very bad and I had to be punished. I wanted this even if she hurt me. Especially if she hurt me. I needed this.

Thank God she dropped the whip. My balls relaxed slightly. Her gloved hands took my hips and pushed me further forwards, tilting my ass up higher. I felt so many things - open, exposed, nervous and excited, as I waited for her next move.

Then she reached her gloved hand in between my legs and took hold of my nervous balls. She was gentle and her touch, so intimate in that vulnerable position, sent a pulse of heat through my groin making my cock stiffen and nudge the leather of the couch. She ran her finger back along me, making me shiver.

"You've been bad, Edward," she crooned.

Thwack! Holy shit she'd smacked me, my right butt cheek smarting and hot. The tingling seemed to go straight to my groin.

"So very bad." Thwack! She smacked my other cheek. Unnngh.

Such a hot, tingling ache in my butt and my groin. I moaned, my cock fully hard now and pressed against the couch.

Then she reached in between my legs again and I felt her bare hand close firm around my stiff prick, spreading the slippery fluid from the tip across the head and stroking it down my shaft. I moaned and shuddered, pumping my erection through the grip of her hand.

But she withdrew her lovely teasing hand, running her finger along my crack dragging a line of tingling fire behind it. A strange hot pleasure shot through me as she stroked across my anus and I grunted, thrusting helplessly. Fuck I was hard.

"You need to be punished, for being such a shit. Ask me to punish you. Beg me, Edward."

She stroked my cheeks lightly, making me recall the tingling smacks and I longed for more.

"Say the words, Edward, say them…"

I had to tell her what I needed, I had to beg.

"Punish me...Punish me Bella, I should never have left you, please punish me!"

And she did, smacking my buttocks again and again, not stopping this time.

The hot stinging ache built and helpless pleas fell from my lips as she finally gave me the punishment I deserved. It felt so right and I wanted it desperately, losing myself in the pain and the pleasure as a deep buried cess-pit of festering need burst and drained away. After a while every smack arrowed straight to my cock. My legs threatened to give way and I realised I was making high-pitched whimpering sounds.

She stopped then and made me get up and turn around. I quivered, my legs unsteady and my ass on fire, groin raging, hard as fuck and close to coming on contact. Jesus she looked good in that bodysuit, I could see the cleft of her sex where the tight leather cut in at her groin. I stared at it, panting.

~~o0o~~ 

She moved in close and took my face in her hands. I longed to touch her but knew I had to wait.

"Time for you to make it up to me now, Edward. Do you want to do that? To make up for the hurt you caused?"

God yes, I was desperate to make amends, desperate to please her. She told me to take off her boots then her pants. I wanted to kiss every part of her, barely restraining myself from trying to take her whole foot in my mouth as I kissed it gently.

She stopped me as I reached for the zipper on her pants, my hands shaking with excitement.

"With your teeth. And don't fucking rip the leather."

I made a ragged noise and eyed the blue fabric, pulled tight in the crack of her sex just inches from my face. My nose was assaulted with the scent of leather, flowers, salt and the musky smell of her arousal. I gripped her hips and, using my sharp teeth, ran the frail metal zipper down her belly and across her mound, holding it out carefully so as not to trap any pubic hairs. Cupping her ass I pressed my nose into her soft belly, her scent welling out from her exposed flesh, filling my senses.

I slid my hands in where her skin demanded that I touch it, sliding them around and caressing her hips and ass as I pushed down her pants. I stroked every inch of her thighs and calves as I eased the tight leggings slowly down and away. It was so fucking hard not to press my nose deep into that dark curling triangle of hair and slither my tongue between her legs; I was almost groaning with desire.

Finally the pants were off and I lifted her left leg across my shoulder. I had to taste her, I had to, the need consumed me. I stared up at her desperately seeking permission and she nodded.

Oh thank fuck, thank glorious fuck as I turned my face into the smooth sweet skin of her thigh and my tongue snaked out and licked up to her damp tempting cunt, half open before me. No, not quite yet. I flicked my tongue teasingly across the moist curls where her lips were spread, making her gasp.

Grinning into her leg I ran my tongue wetly down her other thigh, then back up again to that fragrant open flesh. I slid two fingers into her wetness and spread her lips further, pressing them back as I flattened my tongue and pushed it across her clit, hard in, then back, then slowly in and out again.

She curled her pelvis involuntarily to open herself further, begging me to thrust my tongue deeply into her as her hands came down and knotted in my hair. A moan ripped from me and I sucked her swollen clit, keeping her spread as I ringed it with my mouth and flicked the sensitive bud with my tongue. Bella grunted and moved on my face, her legs shaking a little.

Just as I was about to push my tongue deep inside her she pulled me back and stopped me. No, no I wanted…I had to…her sweet cunt…oh please Bella please let me have you. I barely stopped myself from dragging her down to the polished floor and ramming my hard, aching prick up inside those wet folds.

Shuddering I controlled myself, watching her walk away. Over by the couch now.

"Come here. On your knees."

My nose was filled with her musk, her juices drying on my face. I stared at her, mouth open, dazed, stalking her as I crawled across the floor to do her bidding. More cunt, need more. She tortured me, bare assed before me as I knelt so close to the heart of my desire, crazy with lust.

"Take off the jacket."

Oh fuck yes, finally. The fantasy from Munich flooded back, white breasts falling out of the blue leather into my waiting hands as the zipper parted. I growled softly.

She made me use my teeth again, close in against her throat as though I were feeding. Sliding the jacket open, running my hands down her curves to the blue lace bra, undoing the clasp and ah fuck, her tits, her lovely fucking tits. Round and pale, settling full and firm in my hands as I rubbed her pink nipples with my thumbs.

I begged her with my eyes to let me kiss them but she said I must wait. So fucking hard to be good, to obey, I bit back a small frustrated snarl.

Then she sat back on the couch and let me have her.

I dropped to my knees, eager to taste her again, lifting and opening her legs. No barriers, I needed to have her spread out like a banquet this time.

I wrapped my arm around her waist and hips, locking her against me and I fell on her again, my mouth on her clit, my tongue licking gently as I pushed my fingers right up inside her and stroked her where I knew she needed it most.

I felt her clench and try to suck me in as I touched her there where it drove her insane and she writhed in my arms, bucking and whimpering, pressing herself against my insistent fingers as I tongued and teased her.

I looked up across those fabulous tits as she arched and twisted, her arms up grasping the back of the couch. Her face was ecstatic and I was filled with triumph that only I knew her secret places, knew how to make her melt and burn.

Mine, she was mine, her cunt was mine, and her wetness. Her clit was mine to tease and her rich scent sang to me. Her soft, helpless grunts of pleasure were mine and I loved her so much, fluttering my tongue like a hummingbird's wing against her swollen flesh as she screamed and ripped the shit out of my couch, quivering wet and mindless on my mouth and hands as she came.

I held her tightly, my face against her stomach, until all the tremors ceased and she was limp in my arms.

~~o0o~~ 

She tried to sound casual and pretend she was still in charge even though I'd blown her control away.

"That was a good start on the reparations."

I snorted, smirking, hugging her waist fondly.

"But only a start. Stand up."

OK, apparently we were still in role. Please sweetheart, let me fuck you soon or I won't be held responsible.

She eyed my rock hard cock hungrily, would she…?

But no, she was pushing me back on the couch now. Come to Edward, baby. I pumped my hips suggestively, my rigid cock beckoning her to come and play. Batting my eyelids as I smirked up, flirting. Sit on this love, come on, you know you want to.

And at last she straddled me, hands on my shoulders. I took her waist and prepared to ram her down hard because I couldn't fucking wait to get inside her but she still drew it out, forbidding me to move as I let my arms fall away and bit back a desperate curse.

Then sliding her wet flesh right on top of my cock, pushing down just a little, her eyes fixed on mine as she watched me totally fucking lose it. Sucking the head of my cock in so burning and slick. I needed to ram it home deep up inside her but she rested there, teasing me as she fucked my tip and I utterly unravelled, grunting and fighting for control, every muscle tense and trembling. Wet lovely cunt fucking kissing my dick as my groin boiled and I made bestial noises and disembowelled the couch.

Can't…not…fuck…cunt…now…fuck…now…unnnnhhhhh!

She thrust fully down, impaling herself and I screamed a moan, arching and pumping wildly up into her wetness. Flinging my arms out as I hammered my burning cock in where it had to be and she rode me and sucked me in, ramming herself shuddering down. I thrashed and thrust and held her boneless body once she'd come but the fire was still raging and I clung to her, frenzied and grunting, trembling as I gripped her and emptied myself into her.

~~o0o~~ 

It took me several minutes to recover. I couldn't stop moving, rocking gently up into her, spent but still hard, always hard, and my cock still tingling. I couldn't talk, couldn't think, only feel and cling to her.

Bella brought her breasts to my slack mouth and I fastened on her nipples, sucking there gratefully as she ran her strong fingers through my hair. I arched into her caress, shivering and moaning softly, lost in her touch and her breasts as my tongue slid wet across her curves.

"OK," she said, her voice a little rough. "No more fucking Chopin today after that."

Chopin? My angst had dissolved, a faint memory.

"No more Chopin." I leaned up and kissed her.

"And really it's a win-win situation," she said, sounding very pleased with herself, as well she might. "Either that'll knock the guilts out of you for good or if it doesn't, a year from now I'll just have to punish you again."

I smiled into her cleavage, who knew? For now I was drained, the pain lanced and healing. But I wouldn't mind a re-run of the spanking…

"We'll just have to see, won't we…when the time comes…"

I could feel her cunt clenching round my cock now as I moved in her. I slid my finger across her clit and sucked firmly on her nipple, rasping my teeth across it as my hand squeezed her other breast.

She sighed and came softly, eyelids fluttering, trembling there in my arms. One last thank you for my clever wife, my savior, my Bella.

~~o0o~~