James sat beside Alec, watching him as he dozed off. He'd exhausted himself, and James thought he knew how ... and why.

And that knowledge -- that Alec was not only trying hard to make progress, but trying to hide it from him -- frightened him more than he cared to admit. He'd thought that by now, he wouldn't have to be afraid of what Alec might do. If he'd known that he was still going to have to worry about Alec betraying him --

-- he had to admit, though, this wasn't exactly planned. He'd been acting on instinct from the moment he'd told Natalya to take the helicopter down instead of flying away. He'd landed on the dish, not knowing what to expect, only knowing that Alec was still alive, somehow, despite the fall -- only knowing that he couldn't simply leave him to his fate.

No matter how much he'd earned it.

He'd dropped from the helicopter and run to Alec, slid his hands down under his shoulders, aware that his neck might be broken, but even more aware of the massive mechanical failure that he'd started when he'd dropped the pole in the gears of the antenna. He'd barely gotten him clear when the whole thing crashed down onto the dish, sending a wave of heat over them. James dropped to his knees, still cradling Alec, who seemed to have passed out, and watched the antenna burn.

After a long moment, Alec's eyes fluttered open. "Did we do it?" he'd asked, his voice harsh with pain. He coughed, bringing up blood. "Did we win?"

"Yes," James had lied, because they had both lost. Except ... if Alec had asked that question, didn't that mean that he was still in there ... that there was still enough left to retrieve?

He turned, toward where the helicopter had settled to the ground; Natalya looked expectantly out of the hatch, the gun still in her hand. How much fuel, he wondered, was in the helicopter?

Enough to take Alec to safety?

Because he knew that if he turned Alec in, there would be no question of a doctor -- they'd put a gun to his head, pull the trigger -- a traitor's fate. But he knew people, doctors, in England; one in particular who owed him her brother's life. He didn't know what he'd tell Natalya -- he didn't even know whether Alec would be able to survive the journey, injured as he was. But if he didn't try, he'd never be able to live with himself.

"Stay with me, Alec," he'd whispered. "I know this is going to hurt, but be brave."

Then he'd lifted Alec's shoulders again and dragged him to the helicopter. Kept moving, though he felt like the world had dropped out from under his feet, like he'd come undone.

And now, almost four months later, he was feeling the same way; everything he'd thought he'd known was dissolving out from under him. Alec was hiding things from him, deceiving him.

Could another betrayal be far behind?

And what, he wondered, could he do to prevent it? Lie to Alec, keep him in casts? That wouldn't work for long; he'd noticed the lines that Alec scratched in the plaster above his wrist. One more small betrayal; one more proof -- as if he'd needed any -- that Alec didn't trust him. Trying to delay would only make Alec suspicious.

Once Alec was out of the casts, though, once he started to move -- it wouldn't be too hard to arrange a slip, a fall; nothing serious, just enough to put Alec back in a cast for a few more months, buy himself a little more time ...

But there was one thing he did know; he was not going to lose Alec again. No matter what it took.