The Field
byJulie20©
So now you have given me my second task and well I did it. As I said in my last mail I drove to college and was really excited as I walked to the car after college. I had a coffee in the canteen then went to the car. Of course I was in my normal clothes, denim skirt, tights, flat shoes, dark green t shirt. Coming out of the city at 5pm was the usual nightmare but at around 6pm I was on a narrow country road with hedges along the side. There was traffic as folk were heading home from work.

I had a place in mind and I pulled my car onto the grass verge beside a farm gate then I got out of the car and looked over the gate. I was looking at fields and a gently rolling countryside. I could see some houses about two fields away. A car passed me every few minutes. Now I had to decide what to do next.

The weather was fine but not especially warm. Without clothes I was going to be cold but I had to accept the downside of refusing the library task. I could have been in a nice warm library now but being out here in the country was my choice. 

My plan had been to strip in the car and climb the gate into the field but for a moment I wavered. It would be easier to go into the field clothed and strip there behind the hedge. To make it worse I wanted a pee. I decided to stick to the plan and, still in the driver's seat I reached behind to unfasten my skirt and then I shimmied it off. Anyone driving past would just see a girl in a green t shirt. Shoes and tights followed, I placed my shed clothing onto the passenger seat. Now I was fully dressed above the waist but otherwise just in white cotton knicks with red roses on them. Stripping in such a confined space was awkward. I took my pants off so for the second time in a week I felt my bare bum on my car seat.

My heart was pounding and I was feeling all the classic anxiety symptoms. I looked both ways up and down the road and a car was coming. I sat still to let it pass, a lady in a business suit by the look of her. Now the road was clear. I yanked open the car door, slammed it behind me and dashed for the farm gate naked below the waist. In seconds I had clambered over the gate and sat down on the grass beside the hedge inside the field. I was hidden from the road but in full view of the distant houses. I dragged my top over my head and shed my bra. Julie was now completely naked in the open air and my knickers were in my car on a public road. I felt a sense of achievement then relieved myself where I sat. I felt a sense of liberation but I had to frig myself and had not brought anything to clean the pee off my pussy. I pulled up some grass which did not really do the job; I now had some grass sticking to my body. And I was now uncomfortably cold and had gooseflesh. I heard a couple of cars go past.

My hand went between my legs and began to work as I sat on the dirt and grass. I was afraid the cold would prevent my orgasm but I worked urgently and vigorously. Yes, come on, rub, rub, pant, pant. I could feel it building and my pussy was getting wet. Time was short because if anyone had seen me from the houses I did not know how long they would take to reach me. I felt all my senses were on full alert. Suppose I heard a farmer pull up at the gate in his tractor; it would only take him seconds to get out of his cab and walk to the gate to open it so that he could drive into the field. There was nowhere for me to escape to!

With this thought in my head I came even more powerfully than I did in my car in the forest. It was fantastic but the amazing thing was that, having completed my task, I could have just ran back to my car but it took me time for my senses to clear so I was just laying there with my legs apart stark naked against the bank at the edge of the field.

Of course then my brain kicked in again and I began to listen hard for a car on the road. Once I began to climb the gate I would be committed to the dash to my car. There could be no stopping half way if I heard a car and the driver's door of the car was not against the hedge; it was on the road side of the car. I pulled on my top and remembered to gather up my car keys and my bra. (The car was not locked but I had automatically grabbed the car keys out of the ignition -- suppose a thief had driven my car away while I was in the field!!!).

Now all seemed quiet so I launched myself at the gate like a commando on an assault course. Over the gate, dash into the road and grab at the handle on the car door. I flung my bra onto the passenger seat and seemed to take ages getting my feet into my shoes. Then I roared away like someone leaving the scene of a bank raid. I would have to dress at some point but I could not hang around here in case someone from the houses was already on their way to the scene. I was driving on a public road wearing nothing but shoes and a thin top.

I drove with no clear idea of where I was going. It was dusk now. When I deemed I was a safe distance from the scene of the crime I pulled over onto the verge and began to pull on my skirt. My college bag was on the back seat and tights, bra and knickers went into the bag. Now I faced a twenty mile drive in just shoes, skirt and top. 

Back at the flats I pulled up at the garages at the back of the block and unlocked my garage. Having put the car away I had to walk back to the front door of the flats. I used my key in the outer door and suddenly my neighbour was there on his way out. I was really flustered but I managed a "hello" as he stood back to allow me in then he went out and in seconds I was locked inside my flat and crashing out on the sofa with adrenalin pumping around my body which had been so brazenly exposed.

Wow what can I say?
