Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 14/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

“My damn codes won't work!” Panicking, Riley entered the door code again, very conscious of the two vampires growling next to him.

“For fuck's sake – if you're playing - “

“I'm not, believe me!! I want him out just as much as you do!! I don't know why it isn't working..”

Buffy pulled out the radio, and clicked it three times. There wasn't time to figure out why Riley's codes weren't working – they needed to get Xander out now. She was so weirded out – not by his nakedness (she was trying very hard not to look below the waist) but by his vampire face. The one time they had seen Vamp!Xander he hadn't been like this – he hadn't been their Xander. But without a doubt, the vampire standing behind the strengthened glass, keening quietly, was their Xander. For a few moments, there was nothing, then she heard Giles' voice over the radio.

“Stand back from the doors”.

“Giles says we need to stand back – Angel, Spike, come on, pull back. Xander, we need you to move back ok? Please, honey, just take a few steps back – we're not leaving you, I promise”. Inwardly she felt shaken – since when was she the responsible, reassuring one – but she didn't let that show, ushering Spike and Angel back from the door. There was a buzzing noise and the air was charged, then the sound of doors clicking. Doors plural. “Oh my God, she's opened all of them!”

“What?” Stunned Riley checked down the corridor – Buffy was right, every single door was slowly moving open. They had definitely run out of time. Angel and Spike moved swiftly into Xander's cell, Angel whipping off his coat and helping the man into it, wincing at the sight of the ruin that was his back.

“Come on, Pet – let's go home yeah? We'll take care of ya – promise”. Angel and Spike took a side each, draping Xander's arms around their shoulders and helping him out of the cell.

“Knew you'd come”. The words were slurred, Xander's head drooping to one side. He felt exhausted everything catching up with him now that he was no longer alone.

“Of course we've come for you Xander – once we knew what had happened – Oh!” Buffy realised he wasn't talking to her – he was speaking to Spike and Angel. But why? Apart from the vamp thing, why would Xander expect them to come for him and not Buffy? Shaking her head – refusing to think about that now, she turned to Riley. “We need to go – we don't have much night left, and who knows what's going to happen when the inmates realise that the cage doors are open?” Nodding, Riley led the way down the corridor, warily looking from left to right at the inmates of various cells. So far, none of them seemed to have realised the doors were unlocked, but it wouldn't be long.

Moving as quickly as they could, they retraced their steps heading out. Riley so didn't want to run into any of his men or Walsh – there was no way he could explain what was happening. So far, they had been incredibly lucky – if what had happened to Xander could be seen as lucky – but who knew how long that would hold. He turned a few times to be sure the others were keeping up, his gaze trapped by the care Spike and Angel were taking as they all but carried Xander with them. How long before Buffy realised the bond between the three of them wasn't just that of vampires but of lovers? Please, God, let it happen after they had got out of there.

“FINN! What the fuck?!” Forest appeared in front of Riley, shock all over his face. Without thinking, Riley hauled off and punched him in the face, dropping him in his tracks. There wasn't time for explanations, but there was no way he was leaving his comrade behind. Heaving Forest up, he pulled him over his shoulder and kept moving. One quick glance behind showed the inmates had realised the cells were open, heads peeking out of cells to check whether it was a trap or not. Double-time needed now. He broke into a trot, sweating slightly beneath Forest's weight. They reached a cross-way, and he realised he had a choice to make. He could either go left with Buffy and the vampires, get them to safety or he could go right, warn his unit that the cells were open and hopefully get them out before things went even more wrong. He hesitated, looking both ways.

“S'okay mate – we'll take it from here. You go warn your friends”. Shocked, Riley looked into Spike's face. He had never expected the vampire to understand his dilemma, had envisioned he would be threatened with his life if he didn't get them out. “Whatever I think of 'em, they're your family. We've got our boy – we're out of here”. Nodding at Riley once, Spike turned with Angel and moved to the left picking up the pace until they were almost sprinting. Stunned, Riley looked after them.

“Riley. RILEY!! Look I – there isn't time to – dammit! Look, let me know you get out alright please? And maybe – after we can talk, ok?” Looking down at Buffy, he nodded. It was more than he had expected, more than he deserved.

“Thank you. Stay safe”. Unsure, they looked at each other – both wishing the other would make a move, neither wanting to risk rejection. The moment passed, and Buffy turned to look after the quickly disappearing vampires.

“I better go. Good luck”. She took off at a run, blonde hair flying behind her, and shaking his head once more to try to clear it, Riley turned to the right and started moving. He needed to get up to command central and get everyone out – if Willow really had opened every single door there would be a bloodbath if they didn't get all of the doctors and soldiers out quick-smart.

“Get him in the car”.

“He's coming with us Slayer”.

“What the - “

“Buffy!! Angel, Spike – please bring Xander to my flat. I have some supplies of blood there, and you won't make it back to LA before sunrise. Please – I promise you, he won't come to harm”. Giles voice was calm, and the three of them nodded almost automatically – it made sense.

“Giles – what's wrong with Willow?” Worried, Buffy looked into the back of Giles' car where Willow was slumped over, completely unconscious.

“It took a lot out of her, doing that spell – she's just sleeping it off”. She nodded, but there was something about the way Giles' avoided her gaze that made her wonder. “Let's make a move”.

Climbing into the back of Angel's car, Spike accepted the burden of Xander's limp body, the man having given in to exhaustion and basically passed out.

“We really going to the Watcher's place?” Angel sighed as he put the key into the ignition, then turned to Spike.

“I think it would be a good idea. Get this over and done with so we can go home and not have to worry about them coming and upsetting him. God, I can't imagine how he felt in there”.

“I can”. Voice subdued, Spike leaned over Xander, stroking his hair back from his face gently.

“God, Spike, I'm sorry! I didn't even ask if you were ok going in there – I wasn't thinking straight, I - “

“There was no way I wasn't gonna help get him out. 'Sides, you gave me back my bite – not scared of them anymore”. Smiling sweetly, Angel turned back round and got moving – he got the feeling it wasn't going to be restful at Giles' house but there was stuff that needed to be said, once and for all.