The morning hangover is an absolute bitch. Jensen can hardly hear over the small dwarf sledge-hammering away behind his left eye, but he manages to grate out a few satisfactory scenes before Kripke gets upset and calls him over.

"Jensen, what the hell's up? You realize you're not supposed to get smashed on weekdays, don't you?"

Jensen knows his eyes are bloodshot, and he turns the full effect of their glare on Eric.

Eric doesn't even blink. "Spill, man. We got work to do. Whatever's fucking you up, I can't have it."

"I can't tell you, E. Sorry." Jensen mumbles, his lips making a small ripping noise when they separate. Fuck, he needs some water or some coffee or some goddamn sleep, pronto.

"Then you need to get your ass off my set. Jared!" He yells, "C'mere!"

Jared drags his feet but tries to look like he's not. Eric completely ignores the tension that springs up between them. "Drive your buddy home, make sure he gets his R&R. We're a little ahead in filming, so I'm giving you both the day off while I take care of some technical crap, deal?"

Neither of them answers, Eric doesn't mind. He waves nonchalantly and walks off in the direction of the computer graphics center.

Jared shuffles his feet and looks at the far side of the room like it holds the secret to world peace. Jensen stands on swaying legs and tries not to look totally incapacitated.

"So, I guess we should… yeah." Jared is the first to break the silence, making an abortive gesture with his arm that Jensen thinks is meant to indicate the way to the parking lot.

The Parking Lot, his mind repeats, throwing on some capital letters for good measure, Where all the trouble began.

Jensen's still in denial about what level of hangover he's suffering when he leans that little bit too far and stumbles into Jared. The way that Jared jumps away from him and lets him fumble himself upright is evidence enough that Jared's still freaking out.

Fucker.

"I've got m'own car… can drive m'self, thank you." Jensen bites out, turning on his heel and starting to walk away in what he assures himself is a relatively straight line. God, this has got to be the worst fucking headache he's ever had.

Jared doesn't move to stop him at first, and Jensen gets into his car, jangles the keys and decides to find out just how effective "hair of the dog" really is. Until there is a thump and Jared is standing in front of Jensen's hood, hands leaving sweaty prints all over Jen's freshly washed car.

"Dude… what the fuck?" Jensen says, before realizing Jared can't hear him and rolling down the window.

Wash, rinse, repeat.

"Dude… what the fuck." This time, it's not a question, just an exasperated statement that lays everything Jensen's feeling out there on the pavement in front of Jared. It's a declaration that refers not only to Jen's car, but to all the shit that has gone down in the last twenty-four hours.

Unfortunately, Jared doesn't pick up on that.

"You're drunk, Jensen. No way you're driving."

"What do you care?" Jensen spits out, groping his sunglasses on so that he looks a lot more cool-aloof-actor-type and a lot less drunk-off-his-ass-bum. From the eyebrow Jared raises, he figures it probably didn't help that much.

'You're my… my friend. So I care. Nothing could ever change that."

Jensen nods, and starts the engine.

"What...? Jense! Stop that! Turn the car off! I need to drive you, you stupid shit."

Jensen eases his foot onto the gas, nudging the car forward, all the while bobbing his head and smiling as amicably as he can. It's making his face hurt like he's propping his grin open with a toothpick.

Jared swears loudly and starts to come around to the driver's side window, but Jensen floors it and lays some rubber on the asphalt as he heads for the exit. He can see Jared waving to him in the rearview, and then he can see nothing but the cars behind him, and lo and behold his headache is starting to go away. He redlines it all the way home, middle finger cocked and at the ready.

Jensen's used it five times, throwing the stiff arm salute to anyone who dares honk at his greatness, his fucking fantasticality, before he finally hits the incline of his driveway and settles his car in, slamming the door with a wobbly flourish and making a beeline for his unofficial liquor/TV/Playstation cabinet.

He's not too surprised when he hears the rumble of Jared's truck cut off outside of his apartment, and after five consecutive shots, the knocks are like Jared's slamming directly on his skull. Jensen takes the tequila bottle with him when he opens the door.

"Well, lookit'choo. All worried f'me. Touching!" He uses his width to block the door. Jared may be a tall sum'bitch, but when Jensen puts his mind to it, there's no way his lanky costar can beat a good pair of shoulders and Jensen's righteous resolve. Surprisingly, Jared doesn't even try to come in.

"Aw, Jen… don't drink that."

"Drink what I wanna."

"Look, we should – can we go somewhere?"

"Why'd you wanna do that?"

"I guess we need to have a talk. About… about things. You know?"

Jensen leans against the doorframe expectantly, the bottle dangling easily from his fingertips.

"So, talk."

"Jense…" Jared almost whines, and suddenly Jensen really hates him. This stupid little shit, standing in front of him like Jensen is the one who's done something wrong, like Jensen is the one who needs to apologize! Jensen feels his knuckles crack as he clenches his fist, or maybe that was the glass bottle neck.

"Jared,"

Jared looks hopeful, but then catching the glint in Jensen's eyes; he quickly changes his posture and expression to one of wariness. "Yeah…?"

"Get. The fuck. Out of my face."

Jared flinches again, but instead of remorse this time it brings Jensen only the savage light of satisfaction. He's still bathing in it when Jared gets in his truck and drives away.

***

At eight o'clock that night, Jensen gets the surprise of his currently miserable life when the pounding on his door reveals a very determined and nicely dressed Jared. Before he can say anything, Jared starts babbling.

"Look, Jense, I know I fucked this up really bad and I know you probably hate me now and God I sound like some kind of fucking teenager but I really think we need to talk about this somewhere where we're on level ground and you're not completely fucking yourself up on booze so if you would just please please please consider coming with me to dinner I promise I won't bother you again after tonight until you ask me to-"

"Jared, Jesus, take a breath before your eyes pop out!"

Jared pauses mid-beg and looks Jensen slantways in the eye. "Does that mean yes?"

"It means I agree to everything except the not fucking myself with booze part. Booze will be oh so very necessary, Jare, you'll see."

Jared almost wilts from relief, before he coughs to cover it and straightens himself, turning away from the door.

"Just let me grab a different shirt," Jensen murmurs, turning back to his darkened apartment. Jared has the truck idling when Jensen steps back out, buttoning up an all black number that's never failed him before, and heads to the passenger side. When he slides onto the seat he catches Jared's incredulous stare, but refuses to turn to him until after he's slammed the car door.

"What?" Jensen asks, glaring at Jared.

"You're wearing leather pants? I thought you were going to change your shirt, not kill and skin a cow for the occasion!"

Jensen doesn't smile and the joke falls flat. Jared coughs again.

"In case I decide you're not worth my time, I'm not going to waste the evening. Few clubs I want to try out." Jensen says coldly. Still, even through Jensen's resolve Jared's dispirited 'Oh' tears at the threads of his anger, breaking them down. Jensen finds himself highly conscious of how close Jared's thigh is to his own on the wide expanse of seat.

***

The restaurant is nice, but Jensen fails to catch the name. He's never been here before, and it's so incredibly WASP-ish that he figures he never will be again. Jensen's the salted peanuts and Bud type, not the warm French bread and bottle of wine at your fingertips guy like Jared is, and this joint is exactly Jared's kind of place. Even the tablecloths are starched, and that's just wrong.

Also, this feels like a date and that's even more wrong, considering they're hear to talk about fucking each other both literally and mentally while hidden around the corner of a parking lot.

Jared orders some wine, his eyes flicking to Jensen at least ten times while he's speaking to their waiter, but Jensen refuses to catch his glances. He focuses on watching Jared in the mirror that runs the length of one wall of the restaurant.

When their waiter returns with a bottle and Jared's approved it, Jensen does turn to thank the waiter. He notes Jared downing his first glass like there's some kind of prize at stake, and just manages to stop himself before he smirks.

"Ok Jense, I think I owe you an apology."

This should be good. Jensen raises an eyebrow. "Oh, really?"

"Yeah."

Jensen purses his lips, looks down at his glass and swirls the golden liquid around a few times.

Jared looks like he wishes he had a tie to loosen. Unfortunately, if he opens one more button on his shirt, it will probably be too obscene for this eatery.

"So… I'm sorry for leading you on."

Jensen is shocked into looking at Jared, and, "Huh?" is his intelligent response.

"No, this is… ok, when I fell asleep on your couch, I woke up thinking I was at my girlfriend's place, all right?"

Jensen blinks, "But didn't you –"

"Yeah, we broke up a while back," Jared says quickly, swallowing again before continuing, "But, anyway, I don't know, you kept… you kept looking at me after that. I can't even explain it, but then I started looking back and wondering and, well, then came the parking lot."

"No, then we came, in the parking lot," Jensen smirks, unable to help himself, and Jared looks up like a startled deer. Jensen clears his throat, "Sorry, sorry, continue."

"Right. I guess I'm just apologizing because I let it go that far. You see, I have this rule… well, never mind about that, but I've had it forever, Jense. And it's the only thing that I've ever promised myself that I've really stuck to over the years, you know?"

"Rule?" Jensen queries, even though he gets it, he knows perfectly well. It's practically one of TV actors' ten commandments; Thou shalt not fuck thy co-star, written right into the contract under the legal mumbo-jumbo and the dotted line.

"Don't make me say it," Jared blushes, the stain of pink along his cheekbones something Jensen aches to touch.

"Fine."

"I really – I don't want this to affect us. Is that a ridiculous request? Can we still be buddies?"

"Don't see why not."

"Good," Jared sighs in relief, obviously deciding to ignore Jensen's stilted voice and closed off eyes. Or maybe he's just too charged with the situation to notice, but he continues, "I'm so fucking glad we got this out of the way, Jense, you would not believe."

We had sex and you're glad you got it out of the way? That's all it was to you, an inconvenience?

Jensen concentrates on not doing something ridiculous like bursting into tears or tripping and beating up the next server to walk past, and manages to squeeze out a "yeah, excuse me" before he rises and heads to the bathroom. The mirror reflects back a completely normal looking Jensen. His smirk is firmly in place, his five o'clock shadow perfection, so why does he feel like he's been torn open and rummaged through like a cluttered closet? And isn't that an appropriate metaphor, because suddenly he's back in the closet for Jared, the trip out being so brief he hardly even got a chance to brush off the mothballs.

"Hi," comes a deep voice behind him, and he rolls his eyes, turning to rip whoever is speaking to him a new one, before stopping with his mouth hanging slightly open.

"I'm – I'm Warren. Are you the guy from that show? Dean Winchester? Because if you are, I'm a huge fan… and oh God, you probably hear that every day."

"Yeah, yeah I am," Jensen feels a doozy of a grin start to creep across his face, "But you can call me Jensen."

Jensen holds out a hand, Warren takes it, and the spark of attraction is instantaneous. Warren's eyes are blue, and he's short and stocky and blonde and exactly the opposite of Jared. Basically, he's flawless, and he's got a dopey smile that's the exact match of Jensen's.

"You here alone?" Jensen hears himself ask, and Warren nods eagerly, raising a hand to rub the back of his neck in a bashful gesture. Jensen watches the fabric stretch across a solid bicep, notes the way the dark purple shirt gaps a little more over a smooth, tan chest, and licks his lips in surrender.

"Just let me go tell Jared that I need to bow out. I'm sure he'll understand."

Warren nods again, his puppy-dog enthusiasm almost a turn off until Jensen notes the way his eyes sweep over Jensen's body, sending a wave of arousal in their wake. Jensen shifts as his pants tighten, before finally letting go of Warren's hand and leading the way out of the restroom.

***

Jared's expression when they get back to the table is almost comical, but it quickly collapses into one of confusion, then hurt, and then stubbornness. "What do you mean, you're going to go? We just got here! I ordered wine!"

"Yeah, well, I'm bored. And Warren knows a good club, don't you Warren?"

Warren looks momentarily flabbergasted, before his face lights up and he flashes even teeth in a lecherous grin, "Oh yeah, I know a good one." His gaze crawls over Jensen's torso, and Jensen's answering smile is heated. Warren bites his lip suggestively, moving to rub the back of his neck again, and suddenly Jensen knows that Warren knows it accents his muscles, but Jensen doesn't even care that he was completely played in the bathroom.

Unfortunately, he does care when Jared stands up and says, "I'm coming with you," before grabbing the two-thirds full wine bottle and turning expectantly towards the exit.

"You can't, you –"

"I can, and I will. I'll pay for the wine later," Jared leans closer, whispering so Warren can't hear, "Did you just pick this guy up in the bathroom? And now you're leaving with him? What the fuck is wrong with you, man?"

Jensen jerks away, anger and defiance returning. "Let's go, Warren," he hisses, and smacks Warren deliberately on the ass when he turns. Warren jolts, lips parting in shock before his eyelids slide half closed and he lazily eye-fucks Jensen's receding back. Turning to Jared, Warren says, "He's something else, isn't he?"

Jared grits his teeth. "He certainly is."

Warren laughs and follows Jensen. Jared takes a swig of the wine he's clutching, and resolutely denies the acid rush of jealously in his stomach. Jensen can fuck whoever he fucking well wants, Jared doesn't care. He doesn't even like Jensen that way. That whole parking lot thing? Fucking curiosity! But Jared will be damned if Jensen gets some kind of STD from this purple-shirted fairy and Jared isn't there to stop it. It's just a friend looking out for a friend, really.

"And that's what friends do," Jared finishes his train of thought out loud, glaring daggers at the back of Warren's perfect, blonde head.