I've known her for years but we had never really been together.  When I was 14 we had visited her parents and I had spent weeks daydreaming about her afterwards.  After a long time living in separate parts of the country we finally ended up living within twenty miles of each other.  She was divorced.  I wasn't.  She needed a man to help her.  I did that.  Not because of sex or even friendship, but because she was family; my cousin.  She said she owed me and wanted to know what she could do to pay me back.  I knew what she meant and what she wanted so things got complicated.  Then she offered to let me live out a fantasy using her in any way I wished.  Now what could I say to that...?

 MF, cons, oral, anal, spank, force


Warning.!  Adult Material - Adult Themes - Adult Content  -  Warning.!
This material is copyrighted.  Oscar Hargraves 2012.
This is a work of Fantasy and Fiction.  It is NOT a true story and is not based on any known facts.  Any resemblance between names, places and characters in this story to anyplace or anyone, living or deceased is purely coincidental.  The author does NOT support or condone the behaviors portrayed here.  This work is copyrighted and you do NOT have permission to copy, post or use this for any reason except your own personal reading pleasure.  Copyright Oscar Hargraves, 2012.  By continuing to read beyond this point you are guaranteeing: 
1.)  You understand the above statement and agree to the limitations below.
2.)  You are NOT an agent of the government, 
3.)  You are not affiliated in any way with any law enforcement agency,
4.)  You are not breaking any laws in your area by reading this material.


Most times pussy is okay but what I really want this time is to get some head and then fuck you right up that nice tight backdoor.  I have dreamed of tying your ankles, one to each table leg on one side of the table in the kitchen and then bend you over that table and tie your hands together.  Then I take the end of that rope and tie it to the legs on the other side of the table so you are completely helpless.  

Now it's time to drop my pants and walk around in front of you.  I grab your hair and lift your head up until my hard cock is right at your lips.  I tell you to open your mouth and get ready to really suck me off.  You spread your lips and I push the throbbing head of my hard cock into that sweet warm mouth.  You start swirling your tongue around the head in your mouth and bobbing up and down going deeper and deeper with each stroke as you try to force even more of my hot man-meat into your hungry mouth.  
 
I love the sight of your tight little ass that is bent over the table so invitingly in front of me. I reach over your back and give one cheek a good swat.  You jump a little but my cock never leaves your wonderful mouth.  I give the other cheek a swat too and then start to spank each cheek just for fun.  I'm not hitting real hard; just enough to be sure that they turn a lovely shade of pink.  
 
By now I'm really excited and I grab two hands full of hair and use that to drive your head up and down while I piston my hard dick into your mouth.  You're using your lips and tongue with abandon trying to get me to cum and all the while tightening your lips around that piece of hot meat and sucking for all you're worth.  I'm at the edge and now I don't care about anything except relief.  I don't care if you can breathe or if you're enjoying what I'm doing.  All I want is to shoot loads of hot creamy love-juice right down that waiting throat.  When I can't hold back for one second more I use my hands to pull you down by the hair and drive my throbbing cock deep into your mouth.  As I start to spasm and cum I'm right up against your throat so I know you'll never taste a thing but I also know you are going to swallow this load.  The trouble is that when I'm cumming my body gets weak and I know that you have the power to pull away if you want, but you know that to do so would be a sin that I would never forgive.  You've promised me this and if you don't deliver you know there will be serious repercussions. 
 
Once I shoot, then a second time and finally a third much smaller amount as my hot creamy love-juice erupts from the end of my throbbing cock and goes straight down your waiting mouth and into your tummy.  The muscles spasms continue to rack my body but my jism is spent.  
 
As I slowly cum down from the crest of this enormous high, I realize that you are doing just the right thing.  You have sucked the cum right out of my tight balls and now you are ever so gently licking and sucking my softening cock to be sure it is completely clean and dry before releasing it from your wonderful mouth.  You may call this rape but to me it was heaven on earth. 
 
I decide to leave you tied there for awhile so I can rest.  The problem is that sweet little ass of yours looks so inviting that resting is almost out of the question.  I go and get a drink from the 'frig and even get a straw to give you some.  I'm not sure why I do this since I just gave you a big drink of me, but it seems to make you happy. 
 
While I'm standing there with the drink I start to fondle the cheeks of your tiny butt.  there's just a touch of red still in them and they're warm to my hand as I caress and squeeze each cheek.  Then my fingers start to separate the cheeks and find their way to your love canal.  You're hot and juicy and one finger just slips right in.  After only a few stabs I slide a second finger in and finally a third as I start to frig you and finger fuck your tight twat.  With three fingers inside I use my thumb on your clit and gently rub it around and around as I drive the other fingers in and out of your hot hole.  Now it's your turn to get really hot.  I tell you that this is your chance to climax and you'd better do it fast.  My fingers are pistoning in and out of your juicy cunt and your clit has become a hard little nub under the ministrations of my insistent thumb.  I take one of the fingers that is deep inside you and bend it in such a way that it now is rubbing your 'G' spot with every stroke.  That should do the job and you reach that height of climax that only a woman can get too. 
 
I slowly remove my fingers from your twitching pussy as you come down the hill of release.  Your body is exhausted and shaking as I step back to admire my work.  I also notice that your tiny little brown pucker is throbbing in the after shocks of orgasm.  That immediately makes my soft dick start to harden and come to attention.  I grab the bottle of lube that sitting handy for just this occasion and spread a liberal amount around that lovely sphincter.  As I rub it around the edges my finger pushes and slips inside taking some warm lube with it.  I rotate that finger left and right spreading the lube around to ready you for what comes next. 
 
By now my cock is up and ready for more fun.  I know since I've already cum once, that this one will take longer and that's just fine.  I've been wanting your ass for weeks and now it's right there in front of me throbbing, pulsing and helpless just ready to be ravished by a raging cock.  I hesitate only long enough to spread a small amount of lube on my throbbing spear as I position it at the entrance to your little brown pucker.  You know what's coming and brace yourself.  Gawd I hope you're smart enough to relax back there for this.  
 
You start to beg me to go slow and be gentle.  You're telling me how long it's been since anyone has been in there and how much it's going to hurt to have my big hard piece of man-meat forced up your tiny little butt-hole.  Of course you're crying and pleading and begging me to be careful but I notice you haven't used your safe word and that cute little butt of yours is actually wiggling on the edge of the table in anticipation.  IT knows it wants a cock in there and I know you want it too.  I start to add a few good slaps on your ass cheeks.  Several on each cheek to get them started toward red again.  I'm going to love fucking you in your ass when I can feel the heat of my spanking as I force myself into your crack. 
 
I can't wait any longer and I position myself behind you ready for the assault.  With one mighty shove I drive my hard piece of manhood all the way up your lovely little pooper until my balls slap against your pussy from the back.  I love the sound of your half scream of pain/pleasure as your tight asshole finally gets what it has been needing for so long.  I wait one or two seconds to let your tight ass get used to this invasion of your nether region before I pull my glistening cock back until it's almost completely out of your ass.  With just the head still inside, I drive the entire length back into your hot body.  If possible I think I may have gone even deeper this time. 
 
Now there's no stopping me as I start to drive that hard cock in and out of your tight little hole.  I'm pulling most of the way out and then ramming back in with a vengence.  Gawd how I've been wanting to fuck your ass.  I love to hear you cry and moan and feel you wiggle under me as I drive my rampaging man-meat deep into your bowels.  My hard dick thinks that this is what a woman is for.  Use her for your pleasure and use her hard. 
 
Just the thoughts running through my mind have gotten me even more excited and now I'm slamming into you like a triphammer.  I decide it's time to add a little color to this so I add a few more good openhanded whacks to each of your tender little butt cheeks.  When they are nice and red and feel nicely warm as they meet my legs, I return my attention to the tight pucker that is wrapped around my hard meat.  
 
I'm fucking you so hard I'm sure you can taste my dick in the back of your mouth every time I pound into that wonderful hot ass of yours.  Now I'm pulling your hair and fucking you so fast I can hardly breathe.  I can feel the hot jism as it starts it's run up from my tight balls and along the bottom of my cock.  For just an instant I consider stopping and forcing you to suck me off again, but that feeling quickly passes.  It's way too late for that now as I erupt my load of cum deep in your bowels.  I've driven myself as deep as I can possibly go into that hot tight asshole and my man-cream is spewing out in a froth deep into your backdoor. 
 
As the last drops leave my tired softening cock and run down into your butt I slip out of you and lean over the table to try and catch my breath.
 
In a few moments I have recovered enough to bend down and untie your legs.  Your tired arms are next to be released and then I send you off to the bathroom to get my shower ready for me.  You will be required to carefully clean every part of my body and rinse it thoroughly.  If you do that well and use your skills to play with me, I may just get that little devil between my legs back up for a round in your cute little twat to make you cum too! 
