Draco Malfoy disappeared for about a week or two after Lucius Malfoy was sacrificed for Voldemort's ritual. Marcus kept his mouth shut and his mind blank. Better Malfoy the senior than Katie Bell. Better that she was hidden and safe, and that he didn't have to worry about her.

He tried not give everything away when Nott insisted on putting her name back on the fucking list. He managed to have it removed again.

He eyed Draco when he returned, pale but determined. He was more confident than he had been before Lucius' death, and it looked as though he was keeping a secret. Marcus knew what that looked like. He approached Draco after the revel, mask in place. "Sorry for your loss, mate," he said, voice as bland as he could make it. His heart was racing; Draco was clever, and Marcus wasn't. If he was wrong, he and Katie were both dead.

Draco eyed Marcus warily. "Yeah. Things happen around here, I suppose."

"Your chit," Marcus began slowly. "Still breathing, then?"

Something in Draco's gaze shifted, and he stared at Marcus with narrowed eyes. "Why?"

Marcus was about to reply when he realized that Nott and Avery were starting to stare at them. "Not now," he hissed, nodding his head at Draco. "I'll need your help. Later."

Understanding seemed to dawn in Draco's eyes and he nodded back. "Later."

Nott gave Marcus a calculating look when he strolled over. "Flint. You didn't take much interest in Malfoy before."

"He was on the Slytherin Quidditch team, you git. I can offer condolences for his father."

Avery laughed. "I forgot how mad you are for Quidditch still, Flint. Too bad the Falcons never thought you good enough to play."

Marcus ignored the jab. That was an old pain, one he could ignore. He wasn't good enough, he knew that. He had always known it. That was why he had gone to work with his father, why he took over the business when Voldemort killed his father for not completing a mission properly. That was why everything was happening the way it was. He wasn't clever, he wasn't quick, he wasn't good enough. He was a thick bloke that couldn't read very well but knew people and numbers. He ran the business with an iron fist, something that had surprised his mother. He had a head for business that neither of them had expected, and his little broom shop was thriving. His mother was comfortable and safe. If he had any say about it, his Katie would be just as safe.

He didn't expect them to understand that. They had always had money. They never had to work for anything.

"Not all of us are as gifted," Flint replied, managing to keep from gritting his teeth. "What's on your schedule, then?"

"I've still got this Bell girl to find," Nott snarled. "I can't believe she's hidden so well. She's nobody important."

Marcus's heart hitched painfully, but he made no outward motion that he was affected by Nott's words. "Avery?"

"They want me to find the Mudblood. So I'm probably next on the block, since there's no way we'll be able to catch her," Avery replied sourly.

Marcus nodded, face stony. "I've asked for time to run the shop a spell. Can't rely on the managers all the time. I'll be off until the next revel, at least." He shoved his hands in his pockets to keep from throttling either of them. "Think it'll take you that long to find your birds?"

Nott colored. "I'll find the bitch," he snarled before stalking off.

Avery snorted. "Not hardly," he said to Nott's retreating back. "He asked for that one," Avery confided in Marcus. "Took it personally he had to be punished for failing. You'd think he'd learn not to set himself up for failure and just find the girl first."

"Meanwhile, you know where yours is, but just can't get to her."

"Unplottable and guarded by the Order. You know she's the brains behind the whole operation. Potter couldn't lead anyone worth a damn."

Marcus had heard about Potter's leadership from Katie. He had been Quidditch captain. While it had burned her gut to be passed over, once he got over his own fears he had done fairly well. And with Katie out of school because of the cursed necklace, it was just as well she hadn't been the Captain of the team.

Marcus clapped Avery on the back and forced a smile. Avery wasn't so particularly singleminded, at least. He was likely the closest thing Marcus had to a friend in this lot. "Good luck with the capture, then, mate. Send an owl if you need a break and want to spend some time at the shop."

"Brooms and such aren't my thing, mate. But thanks for the offer."

It was easy enough to hang about at the edges of the fortress Voldemort was using. Most of the other Death Eaters had assignments to perform and had left early. Marcus had a business to run and Draco had a bride to care for that he said had grown sickly. Marcus had seen it for the lie it was, but Draco had managed to convince Voldemort of it.

"You lie too well," Marcus told him by way of greeting when they met.

"My dear aunt Bella's gift to me," Draco replied, nodding. "Have you been to Malfoy Manor?" he asked casually. "I could use a drink."

"Not recently," Marcus answered. "Your mother used to hold a lot of society balls."

"My other used to do a lot of things," Draco replied, voice cold as ice. He relaxed a fraction, realizing that Marcus meant no harm by the remark. "Apparate there, and we'll have a brandy."

They didn't talk right away. Ginny was apparently asleep and safely tucked away. Marcus felt the press of the Malfoy wards, an uncomfortable sensation at the back of his skull. The brandy did nothing to dull the sensation, and it was starting to give him a headache. "Your house hates me."

"It's your house, too," Draco replied, brows furrowing, thinking Marcus meant Slytherin House.

"Bloody idiot," Marcus growled. He gestured all around him. "Your house. The Manor. The wards are giving me a blasted headache."

Draco frowned. "I suppose it's not sure of you, yet."

"Fucking hell? I'm not going to kill you or your chit! Or your brat!" The press of the wards immediately eased, and Marcus could feel his headache disappear. He narrowed his eyes at Malfoy, who looked stunned. "You don't even know what your own wards can do?"

"Well, most of them are so ancient that I don't think anyone knows what they do anymore. Ginny is here all day, so she's gotten to know the Manor a fair bit."

Marcus tried not to groan. For a clever man, Draco could be so idiotically stupid sometimes. "Look. I need help. Nott's still going after Katie Bell."

"I heard," Draco replied dryly. "I was there."

"Well? You're the clever one!"

Draco frowned at Marcus. "What would you have me do?"

"I. Don't. Know," Marcus ground out through gritted teeth. "I just want her safe."

"She's Pure, isn't she?" Marcus nodded. "And you don't have heirs," Draco mused, tapping his glass idly. "So there's that."

"What are you on about?"

"Our Lord and Master is starting to think about the next generation of followers."

"At your direction."

"Of course. And you, being a loyal Death Eater, will need to spawn another generation of loyal Death Eaters with someone Pure."

"She's a Gryff. And friendly with that lot."

"You still want her," Draco pointed out. "And there are ways around that if need be."

Marcus glowered at Draco to the point where the other man paused in concern. "Fuck off, Malfoy," he hissed. "You're not touching her memory."

Draco looked at him in wonder. "You really do care about her, then? All of her, not just claiming her as yours?" Marcus simply glowered in answer, thinking it was obvious. "All right, all right. I can arrange this." He pressed his lips together after a moment. "She could stay here, if you like. Now that we've put it out that Ginny's ill, there won't be any revels here, the others won't be welcome here."

He held the arms of the chair with a white knuckled grip. "What's the catch, Malfoy?"

"None. If what I'm planning doesn't work out, I need you to take the girls and run."

He nodded slowly, understanding. Marcus was too thick to plan anything with Draco, but he was still fast on a broom. He was still cunning enough in ways that counted. "I can do that."

They shook on it, and Marcus had the easiest sleep that night than he'd had in months.
***
Marcus knew everything about Katie. She had always been an open book with him, and it was obvious who she would stay with if he just put a little thought into it. Nott didn't know her and was blinded by rage. If she wasn't at her parents' home, and it was deserted, he floundered in the dark with nothing but his anger for company. Marcus knew that if she stayed with the Weasley family, she was lost to him. He would never be able to find that brood. But he knew where Spinnet and Johnson had gone to ground, he knew where Wood and McLaggen were. He even knew where Leanne was hiding, when it came down to it. The logical choice, however, was Wood. He was first string Keeper for Puddlemere, and Katie was the second string Chaser.

Wood was startled to see Marcus on his doorstep, surly and demanding to see Katie. "I dinnae what you're talking about..."

Marcus pushed past him and looked about. He could practically smell her in the flat, and the tenseness drained away. "She'll see me, Wood. She's been seeing me. Since my seventh year."

"Yeah? Which one?" Wood snarked, hands on his hips. Marcus didn't doubt that his wand was nearby.

"Second time around. You were long gone by then." Marcus stood his ground, arms crossed over his chest. He had his mask on; he fooled Death Eaters regularly, and Wood didn't scare him.

"How do I know it's not a trick?" Wood demanded, voice even. Marcus approved.

"I guess you don't," he replied easily, arms still crossed over his chest. "I'll still see her."

"Yeah? How can you prove it's you and not someone on Polyjuice trying to get at her again?"

The again unraveled his calm. He surged forward almost threateningly. "Again? Again? What bastard came 'round? Who? Give me the fucking name and I'll fucking slit his throat if he touched her!"

The intensity in Marcus' gaze convinced Wood. "No one touched her. I got everything warded up tight. C'mon, then. I'll give ya some privacy."

"Thanks," he told the Keeper, voice rough with emotion. The thought that anyone might have come close after all...

"She talks about you," Wood mentioned slowly, hand on the knob to a door Marcus wouldn't have noticed otherwise. "I don't agree with this, waiting and hiding because of you. She's willing to do it, so she thinks you're worth it. Are you?"

"No," Marcus told him flatly, managing to keep from pushing Wood aside to rush in and see Katie. "But I hope to be."

He nodded, pleased with the answer. "And that's why you get to see her," Wood said, opening the door.

The room had various charms on it; Marcus remembered that Charms had been Katie's favorite class in school. It was larger than it should have been, with enough room to fly on a broom as long as she didn't try to zip around into those barrel rolls she favored. She was sitting at her desk, racing broom propped up against it, and she appeared to be writing a letter with one hand and eating a piece of toast with the other. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail and she was dressed in Muggle clothing that showed off the smooth curve of her neck and left her arms bare.

This was why he was doing this.

"Fuck, Bell, you're a sight for sore eyes."

She whirled around so fast her head must have spun, but the grin that broke out across her face was worth all the effort he'd made in coming to Wood's undetected. "Marcus!"

Marcus dimly heard the door shut behind him as he stepped into the room and Katie flung herself at him, kissing him desperately. He was too busy kissing her back, sliding his tongue into her willing mouth. He wound his hands into her thick hair, pulling it free of the elastic band. He backed her toward her bed as she attacked the buttons of his shirt and the front of his trousers. "I missed you," she moaned against his mouth, her cool fingers sliding across his stomach. "I missed you so much."

He had meant to talk first, make love later. Still, this seemed to be as good an idea as any, and pushed her down to the bed. Divested of their clothing, he drank in the sight of her. Smiling, Katie reached out for him. "Can you stay a few hours?"

"Until nightfall," Marcus told her, kneeling beside her sprawled form. He wanted to laugh at the delighted grin on her face, the way she reached for him almost greedily. "Let me touch you first," he murmured, leaning down beside her. He stroked her breasts and smiled at the way she arched toward him, the soft mewl that she couldn't hold back. He nearly growled from the force of wanting her. "How's the silencing charms on this place?"

"Fabulous," Katie answered, a wicked grin on her face. "I practiced screaming for hours when I first put them in, just in case you'd find me."

"I'd always find you," he said, eyes boring into hers. He slid one hand down her belly as he took a breast into his mouth. His fingers found her sex easily, sliding into the wet sheath. He sucked on her breast hard, almost painfully so, his fingers deep inside of her and his thumb on her clit. She clutched at him, moaning, head lolling back as she rocked against his hand. He drank in the sound of her, the feel of her around his fingers, the scent of her arousal. He moved from one breast to the other, suckling as his fingers drove into her relentlessly, slick with her pleasure. He could feel her body tighten, her breath become more ragged. He let go of her breast to lick the valley between them. "Come for me, Katie," he growled. "Let me know you're mine."

She came with a hoarse cry, nearly convulsing around his soaked fingers. He thought perhaps her fingernails digging into his shoulders broke the skin, but that didn't matter. She was alive, alive, coming around his fingers and he didn't let up the pace at all. "Marcus," Katie moaned, hands scrabbling across his broad back. The s was an indrawn hiss as his thumb took another swipe across her clit, and she nearly bucked off of the bed in response. She pressed her open mouth to his neck, struggling to breathe, unable to stop herself from moaning. She began to pant as his fingers flew faster inside of her, as her legs fell open wider and her hips bucked higher and harder against his hand. She nearly cried when she came again, head lolling to the side.

He kissed a trail down from her neck to her navel, his fingers still inside her. "My Katie," he murmured, his tongue dropping down into the valley of her navel. "Mine."

She'd normally say something smart in reply, that she wasn't property and he shouldn't think she was. Most of her brain was otherwise occupied with the sensation of him. Then his tongue laved her clit, and experiencing anything else was a distant memory.

Marcus closed his eyes as he tasted her, as she groaned in pleasure. He'd longed for that, imagined how she would feel beneath his mouth, his fingers curled inside of her. He was already hard, wanting to drive into her wet depths until he forgot his own name. She bucked against his mouth, legs splayed wide beneath him to give better access. She cried out incoherently when she came again, hand spastically clutching at her sheets. He rose up, hovering over her as she struggled to breathe. He stripped the rest of his own clothing, freeing his erection. Katie watched as he positioned himself, then sank deeply into her. She smiled as she sighed contentedly. "I needed you to do that," she murmured, reaching for him.

Marcus lowered himself down slowly, stretching out on top of her. She ran her hands down along his back, then cupped his ass as he thrust into her slowly. She kissed him, hot and open, her tongue sliding into his mouth. Katie rocked against him, her hands keeping him firmly in place. He started to go faster and harder as her breath fractured in his mouth, as he could feel the pull within his gut that told him he was close. She moaned into his mouth, fingers digging in hard, and he let go to come inside of her.

Katie trailed her fingers through his dark hair. "It's getting long," she murmured, a smile on her face. "I like it like this." She ran her fingers through it again. "More to touch."

He laughed, head tucked against hers. He'd missed that, the completely random bits of conversation as their brains stuttered to start again. "I'll leave it long for you, then." He trailed his hand down her side. "You flying enough, then?"

"I'm only in hiding when I'm not scheduled on the pitch. It gets boring, but there are so many guards it's not funny."

Marcus stopped laughing. "No, it's not funny," he told her, voice serious. "It's not funny at all."

Katie rolled to the side and pushed herself up onto an elbow to look at him. "I'll manage, Marcus. Really, I will. I've brilliant friends who can help me hide. It's not ideal, but I'll manage."

This wasn't how he wanted to bring it up, but it seemed to be the time. With a sigh, he got up and rummaged in his trouser pocket.

"What are you doing, Marcus?" Katie asked, confused.

He sat down on the bed beside her, a small box in his hands. He didn't even know how to begin; he forgot whatever he had planned. "You remember that locket for your birthday?"

She smiled at him and dropped a kiss onto his shoulder. "Of course I do. I'd be wearing it now, but you told me not to go home. It's in my jewelry box. I didn't want to wear it to practice that day and I didn't dare go home and get it, no matter how much I wanted to."

"Good girl," he told her absently. He could do this. Marcus took a deep breath and then opened the box. "This was my grandmother's. It kind of looked like that locket. Or the locket looked like this," he said, nearly stammering. "Oh bloody hell, it sounded better before."

Katie smiled, biting her lip to keep from laughing. He looked so disgruntled and disheveled and adorable all at the same time. "Go on."

"Look at it, Bell," he ground out.

She looked down at the box and her smile died slowly into shock. "Marcus..."

"If you take this," he told her intently, "it's forever. There's no engagements anymore. There's no time to wait or change your mind. If you take this, it means you really do belong to me, and there's no undoing it. There's charms and such. There's no taking it back."

"You pillock! I'd never take it back!" She threw her arms around him, kissing him fiercely. "You're mine as much as I'm yours."

"Then wear the bloody thing so I can protect you properly!" he growled, pulling her onto his lap. She practically bounced with giddy joy as he slipped the ring onto her finger, and she could feel the spells snap into place as the ring adjusted to her size. She could feel spells constrict around her heart, sliding in between her bones. This was forever, he said. This was permanent.

"Oh! What'll I tell my Mum?" she cried, clapping her hands to her mouth. "She wanted a wedding to plan!"

"Let's survive the fucking war first," he growled at her, threading his hands through her hair. "If there's anyone left when it's over, you can plan whatever you want to plan."

She slid her hands along his arms and chest. "I want to tell everybody," she told him, excited. "I want to tell the whole world, even Muggles."

Marcus rolled his eyes at her. "And get yourself killed in the process? I thought you were smarter than that, you daft bint."

Katie playfully smacked his chest. "You know what I mean." She kissed him again, slow and sweet. "So now what did you mean about protecting me properly?" she asked, eyes wide and innocent. "How does this help?"

"I got Malfoy to promise you'd be safe at Malfoy Manor," he mumbled, not quite meeting her eyes. He didn't know how bad the Light side gossip would be about Malfoy.

"Malfoy?!" Katie screeched, shoving at Marcus' chest. "Bloody 'I hate everything Gryffindor and good' Malfoy?!"

"He's got a reason, all right?" Marcus rumbled, catching Katie's hands in his. "He's got his own Gryffindor girl to protect."

Her brows furrowed as she tried to think of girls she might have known in that year, and gave up. Her friends had all been her year or above thanks to Quidditch. "Who?"

"Ginny Weasley."

Katie looked at Marcus blankly. "Seriously?" He nodded solemnly. "But... She disappeared months ago. Everyone was saying she's dead. How?"

"He said something about memory charms."

She gasped, hands over her mouth. "That poor girl..."

"There's more," Marcus said with a wince. "She's pregnant. That's why he had to move fast on whatever he's planning. His father wanted to get rid of her as soon as the baby's born."

Katie winced. "That poor girl, Marcus. You can't let them kill her."

"He's the clever one. He's the one with the plan." Marcus stroked her hair gently. "I'm doing what I can, but it's not much."

Katie slid her hand down from his shoulder to his belly, her fingertips brushing his groin. He sucked in a breath and she smiled against his shoulder. "We're alive, aren't we?"

"How can you stand being with me, Katie?" he asked, voice quiet. "Why aren't you with someone like Wood?"

"He's a friend," Katie replied, just as quietly. Her hand closed around his cock. "He's a good friend, and helped me out in a pinch. But he's still a friend. Someone else caught my attention."

Marcus let his eyes close as her hand began to move. "I hope it's me," he said with a smile.

"He's tall and has this really dark hair I like running my fingers through. He's got these dark eyes that stare at me and make me think he's thinking of shagging me against the wall. Which he's done, by the way."

"I'm sure he enjoyed that," Marcus murmured, sighing when the heel of her palm hit the head of his cock. "I'm sure he enjoyed that a lot."

"I'm sure he did," Katie agreed, still smiling against his shoulder. "You know, he talks a good game. I've always said it wasn't good enough, but I was wrong."

He squeezed her bottom playfully. "And haven't I shown you how wrong? Repeatedly?"

"Did I say I was talking about you? Aren't you an egotistical lout, now? Assuming everything is always about you?"

With a growl, Marcus caught her about the waist and twisted so that her back hit the mattress. He slid into her with a single thrust. "You're mine, Katie Bell. They're not going to fucking touch you. They won't know where you are, they won't kill you." He grit his teeth as he thrust harder into her. She laughed delightedly at the feel of him inside of her, and Marcus grasped her hips to keep her wiggling steady. "I'm going to bloody keep you forever, you hear me? Forever."

She grasped his hips as well, gasping. "Marcus," she panted. "Merlin, Marcus..."

One of his hands moved to close over her breast, the thumb rolling over her nipple. Marcus's grin was predatory. "No one else will have you," he told her with a groan, feeling her body begin to clench down around him. "No one else will look at you."

"Fuck, Marcus," Katie gasped, nails digging into his forearms. "Right there. Don't stop, don't stop, right there, I'm so close Marcus... Merlin, I can't... Oh!" she cried as she came, back arched like a bowstring.

Her orgasm milked his cock and he came again. He collapsed down on top of her with a grunt, hand still curled around her breast. "I meant it, Katie" he muttered sleepily, thumb brushing over her nipple.

Her hand closed over his, his grandmother's ring sparkling on her finger. She squeezed his hand and snuggled closer to his warmth. "So did I."
***
***