When they exited the portal, it was to absolute silence-- not just from an absence of people but absence of anything, even the expected ventilation hum or rattle of machinery in the distance. Just-- dead space. There was dust on the floor and the air smelled musty, smelled of places sealed up for too long.

It reminded Guy far too much of the labs for his peace of mind.

It was good that their eyesight was so much better than it used to be, because the facility was dim, and the emergency lights far too infrequent for anyone that was merely human to find their way by. As it was, they still moved in a cautious train through the corridors, taking it slow and careful and following the sound of each other's footsteps through the darkest sections.

When they finally emerged to see sky above, Guy waited-- but the expected sense of relief didn't come, and he couldn't quite tell why. He looked around sharply, seeing crumbling buildings and debris everywhere-- like the ruin of Balamb only a hundred times worse. But it was nothing he hadn't imagined, and not enough to explain the way his hand had gone tight around the hilt of his sword.

It took Vincent stopping just ahead to take a deep, considering breath, before he figured it out. "The air is still stale," Guy murmured, realizing. "We're outside, but it still feels like we're closed in."

"Hm," Jade said, and stepped forward a few paces, taking his hands out of his pockets. Looking slowly from side to side, he reached out one hand into the empty air.

His fingers touched something that gave way with a faint ripple of light, like a soap bubble stretched thin around his skin. Luke made a faint sound of surprise which Guy couldn't help but echo. "What the--"

Jade waggled his fingers, watching the resulting glimmers of light as they gradually spelled out the shape of a dome arching over both them and the building behind them. "Interesting," was all Jade said, before he stepped forward.

Beyond the barrier, the air was immediately and noticeably fresher, moving in a faint wind, though it still smelled dry and dusty. It was still silent, too, and the windows of the nearest buildings were dark. Looking around, Guy's sense of unease didn't really go away, and he knew he wasn't the only one when Rush said, quietly: "Maybe we should go back to the portal and get our bearings first. I don't think there'll be any locals here to give us a map this time."

"Not a bad suggestion," Roy added, looking around with narrowed eyes.

However, when they turned around to go back they found that the barrier, which had stretched around them so obligingly the first time, had become a solid, unyielding wall keeping them from returning to the portal. It resisted even their enhanced strength when they tried to force their way through.

"Great," Seifer growled. He slammed a fist into the barrier, making it spit off a few little sparks but otherwise having no effect. "Now what?"

Guy looked at the others-- looked at Luke, who gave him back a helpless shrug-- then turned to give the area around them a closer inspection. The growing itch between his shoulderblades was telling him to make a break for the nearest ruined building-- it looked like it would tumble in around their ears but it still sounded better than just standing there in the open. But that would mean leaving the portal behind, which was their one way out of there if things really were as bad as he was somehow beginning to think they were.

David cleared his throat. "Perhaps--"

Before he could continue, Vincent was taking a step forward, posture gone completely rigid. "Listen."

All but holding his breath, Guy did. And he, along with everyone else, froze on the spot when he heard the sound in the distance, getting louder by the second, mechanical and moving in fast. Instinct and a lack of better options had them hunching back against the barrier at the sound, shoulder to shoulder and weapons ready.

When the source of the noise appeared it was far smaller than Guy had expected: a vehicle of some kind, dark and quick and heavily modified by someone who didn't really care about aesthetics. It was driven by a figure in goggles and a shapeless grey jacket, who slewed his vehicle to a sudden stop when he caught sight of them. One gloved hand pushed up the goggles to let the man look at them incredulously. His eyes went to the portal building and then to them again, back and forth, and then he let out a string of curses that had some of the others arching impressed eyebrows.

"You took the wrong train, boys," the man called. "Wish I could help you, but the Bronco here's only got room for one." He patted his transport fondly.

"If you can run," he said then, pulling his goggles back down, "you can try to follow me back to the fort. Don't imagine it'll do you much good, but you're welcome to try." And with that, the stranger gunned his engine and took off, cutting an impressively quick path through the scattered debris with what looked like the ease of practice.

And as the sound of the vehicle started to fade, Guy noticed with a sudden, sharp unease that he could hear another noise as well. Not loud, especially not in the wake of the engine roar, and very subtle, like-- footsteps. A lot of footsteps, all coming toward them very quickly.

"You know," Rush said, "I'm good with running."

They hesitated for just a moment longer before taking off in the wake of the stranger's vehicle. Guy stretched his legs, pumped his arms, and even surprised himself-- they were so fast, heavy boots and weaponry and all, running after the haze of dust that the vehicle left behind. Guy had always been quick, but the laboratory treatments had apparently taken it even further, and he had to squint through watering eyes at the force of the wind on his face. Ahead, he caught a glimpse of the stranger looking back incredulously, mouth slack below the dark line of his goggles.

They followed the stranger's trail to a large building that didn't really seem to be in any better shape than the rest, although its walls and outer doors had been reinforced-- with piles of rubble, metal beams, seemingly anything that came to hand. They followed right into the low-ceilinged antechamber beyond the gate, just barely getting inside before a hatch slammed shut behind them.

The stranger was already off his bike when they came to a stop; he had both hands wrapped comfortably around a gun and was wedging himself defensively into a corner. "Okay," the stranger said, "I know I said to follow me, but that wasn't quite what I had in mind. How 'bout you just keep your distance 'til we finish up in here, hm?" He had a little stick of plastic tucked into the corner of his mouth, and he chewed on it in a way that made Guy wonder if he'd been a smoker.

The lights dimmed as a light mist began to hiss into the chamber. Luke twitched, and Guy stepped in instinctively close, both of them looking towards the ceiling. "The hell?"

"Decontamination process," Auron said, sounding surprisingly calm. "Relax." His eyes never left the stranger, though, and despite his deceptively relaxed posture there was a sharp look in his eye.

The stranger looked a little less hostile when the lights went back to normal and the far door hissed open, but he didn't drop his gun as he stepped backward out into the area beyond. There were more people there, all of them with guns, all of them staring at the newcomers with a certain wary hostility. "Captain," one of them called, "you all right?"

"Yeah, yeah," the stranger answered, his gaze never moving from his targets. "Right, then, who and what the fuck are you?"

"Cid," someone said softly. A woman pushed through the crowd and came up to put a hand on the man's arm, pushing the gun down. "They're not infected."

"You saw them," Cid said. "Ran faster than anyone still human could. What else could they be?"

The woman gave them an intent, curious look. "You're them, aren't you?" she said after a moment, sounding thoughtful. "The ones they made to protect us."

Cid blinked at the woman in surprise. "Say what?" He lowered his gun, though, and after a moment the rest did the same.

One of the other strangers, looking through a nearby viewport, cut off any further attempts at conversation with a curse. "We've got company."

For lack of better option, they followed when Cid took off towards the narrow stairs set nearby, climbing to an upper floor and looking out one of the barred windows there. The city beyond was in worse shape than the street-level view had suggested, a wasteland of grey-- quickly becoming lost in the solid wall of dust moving toward them through the abandoned streets.

"Shiva's teats," Cid yelped, "what the hell have you brought down on us?" He started hollering orders and everyone around him jumped, frantically closing up shutters and setting beams to reinforce the doors. Several people moved to man big, strange-looking cannons with long hoses attached. Another fussed over a control panel, twisting and pushing until a faint hum sounded-- a shimmering barrier, like the one that had kept them from the portal, swam into being around the building's perimeter.

Guy went to a window, squinting through the narrow opening. "What is it?" he asked tightly. "What's coming?" In response, Cid pointed, and Guy followed the finger to the first vague shape just becoming visible in the dust.

"They're just-- people," Luke said, sounding puzzled.

"Not anymore," Cid said grimly.

The first of those people bunched themselves and took a fifty-foot leap towards the top of the wall. They rebounded off the barrier, which flared unevenly, and tumbled towards the ground-- but there were already two more behind them, flying though the air with arms outstretched.

"Shit!" Guy yelped, taking an involuntary step back.

"They called it a virus, when it first showed up," Cid said, low and even, eyes still fixed down below. "Infected half the city before anyone even realized it was there. But I ain't never seen a virus that can do that. Make people stronger and faster than anyone has a right to be, driving 'em mad-- all the same, like there was something in their heads, controlling 'em."

"JENOVA," Vincent murmured.

Cid glanced at him narrowly, but tellingly enough didn't question or contradict. "Later on, you and me are going to have a long talk about how you know that name," he said.

"How long ago did it start?" Jade asked.

"First one showed up maybe twenty-five years ago. I was just a kid when I saw my first, anyway. Since it's been this bad, though? Only the last couple of years. Probably, anyway. Kinda lost track, y'know."

"Are there other-- uh, uninfected people out there?" Rush asked then. "Any more places like this one?"

Cid chewed at his substitute cigarette and glowered out the window. "Don't know. Don't really think so. No one ever answered us on the radio, anyway, and to be honest there weren't many places set up as well as this one, to actually be able to keep those bastards out."

Someone muttered a heartfelt curse, and then they all settled into tense silence while they waited to see what would happen. The mob of infected swarmed at the barrier, making it pulse and waver in a way that had Guy holding his breath a couple of times, but they didn't break through. And eventually, after what seemed like hours of useless attacks, the crowd eventually began to drift away, leaving only settling dust in their wake.

Guy breathed a shaky sigh of relief as the last one vanished around a distant corner, sagging a little against the wall as the adrenaline crash hit. He licked his lips, opened his mouth and tried to figure out what to say-- and instead gave a quiet gasp that he heard several of the others echo, his eyes going wide.

He supposed it really was the first true threat they'd faced since this had all began, and he knew now how things were supposed to work with the designated pairs. It didn't quite prepare him for the undeniable and nearly overwhelming need that washed over him to grab Luke and find a dark corner. Or a not-so-dark corner-- or, hell, the wall right behind them was empty.

"Um," he said, voice strangled, fixing on Roy as the nearest body that would understand. "Room of some kind? Please? Now?"

Luke, beside him, made a sound low in his throat and leaned in, and Guy felt a shudder work its way down his spine. Just beyond Roy, Seifer and Squall were already pulling at each other, looking more like they were fighting than kissing, but the others pairs who were more used to things weren't in much better shape, wild around the eyes and standing too close.

Luckily, it didn't take Roy or the rest very long to figure it out. Guy honestly wasn't sure what happened or how they managed it, but before his self-control failed him entirely he was being shoved into a little closet of a room with Luke, and then there was nothing but that for what felt like a long time.

***

"Someone want to tell me what the hell just happened?" Cid demanded after a long moment of stunned silence.

Roy glanced at the rest, who showed no indication of wanting to explain-- Jade was standing back looking far too amused; Vincent, Cloud and Auron were as uncommunicative as ever. Basch was looking uncertainly back and forth between them all, and Kimberly-- Kimberly was still staring back towards the windows with a hot, speculative look in his eyes, hands flexing. Roy fixed him with a hard glare until Kimberly noticed and looked back at him, tilting his head on a bland smile.

It didn't seem that anyone else was going to explain, though, and their erstwhile host was starting to get even more impatient, so eventually Roy sighed to himself and started into it.

After he finished, Cid just shook his head and cursed again. "Let me get this straight," he said sourly. "You yahoos are the ones Shera read about, these super-strong fighters who are supposed to save us from the piles of infected out there, and there's only fifteen of you? What the hell good is that going to do? Especially if half of you are too busy mackin' on each other to actually fight anything." He made a disgusted sound and threw up his hands.

"We didn't come here to fight your battles for you," Auron began, but Cid cut him off.

"My battles? Oh, that's rich." Cid glared hotly, chewing at his stick and stepping in close. "Why do you think they made you lot in the first place? Against them, someone like me's got no chance. They catch me, they kill me or make me like them. Or both, maybe, I don't know how the fuck it works and I don't want to. If it were my battle, we'd be fucked. You guys, though, you've actually got a fighting chance."

"Immunity," Jade murmured suddenly. "There was something about an immunity in the files. I had thought it simply referred to a boosted immune system, but if they knew that their mysterious enemy could do something like this--"

"They would have made us immune to the virus?" Roy filled in. "So we could fight off the infected and not catch their madness ourselves."

"Got it in one," Cid said, pointing.

"I would be very interested to find out," Jade said narrowly, "how they knew so much about this virus, enough to give us immunity against it. They must have had a sample, an infected host to test on and retrofit our own abilities from, but where they would have obtained such a thing--"

"We didn't know," Basch said quietly, mostly to Cid. "We didn't know any of this was happening here."

"Yeah, whatever." Cid turned away and curtly gestured for them to follow, after sending one last bewildered look towards the rooms in which they'd stowed their pairs. "All right, listen up, I'm only going to say this once. Main gate," he pointed, "stays shut at all times. Someone goes out, the gate gets closed tight behind them, and it only open again when the lookouts get the proper code over the radio. You'd still be out there, if you weren't so bloody fast," he added with a twist of a grin. "I was hoping I'd get inside and locked up before you caught me."

Roy shrugged; Cid didn't seem to want an apology of any kind, as he just walked on, pointing out features of the compound as they went further into it. The inside of the facility was a messy tangle of machinery and supplies stacked everywhere. People were far too infrequent-- or perhaps they staying hidden, nervous, which was certainly a fair enough response.

"Above the gate, your weapon," Vincent asked when it looked like their tour was winding down. "What is it?"

"Sand cannon," Cid answered, and it wasn't Roy's imagination that he sounded proud. "Use it to drive the infected away if they get too close or if the barrier blips and one gets inside. They can claw through normal walls in a matter of minutes-- the ones here might maybe last a bit longer, if we were lucky. So we have to push them back out as quick as possible."

"Your barrier isn't reliable?"

"Eh," Cid answered, waving a hand noncommittally. "It works. Uses a lot of power, though, and our generators sometimes aren't up to it. Cuts out every now and then, especially if we keep it running for more than half an hour or so. We just don't have the infrastructure that the portal building does."

"Could you move somewhere more defensible?" Roy asked. "The portal building would be ideal, of course, but--"

"Yeah, no one can get in there, you saw that. Can't really move anywhere else, either, even if there was somewhere to go; the infected would catch us before we got where we were going. Their minds aren't quite right anymore, y'see; they forget about us quick enough once we're out of sight, but out there on the streets? Only way any of us get around out there is by going one at a time and moving fast, and even then--" Cid shook his head. "It doesn't always work out."

"Who raised the barrier around the portal?" Vincent asked.

"Last ones to leave, I guess. I would've done the same with those things on my heels."

"Seems cruel of them to have blocked off the only means of escape from this world," Basch commented.

"No, I'm not arguin' that, actually," Cid replied, sounding surprisingly calm. "If that was the only way to stop the virus from spreading? I can't say I would've done any different." He shrugged. "I could probably get the barrier to come down safe if I was inside, but from out here? Not without breaking it for good. So really, this is about the safest place we could be.

"But y'know, I think the real reason why we stay here--" He led them to another door, a big metal thing with a sign on it that Roy didn't have time to read before Cid opened it. His smug, proud grin only widened when they stepped through and gasped. "Well, it'd be a bit hard to move this, don't you think?"

Roy knew his eyes were wide as he stared down into the deep silo, and at what had to be a rocket resting inside it. "What is it?"

"Hopefully," Cid said, "our way out of here."