Dream Guy I
Talking and laughing, the bar is alive with excitement and the air feels heavy with electricity. Sitting with your friends, you notice a tall, dark stranger sitting alone in the corner watching the room intently. Going up to sing your songs, you feel his eyes practically burning into you.
He watches everyone, you he seems to devour with his eyes. As you sing and cut up with your friends, you constantly feel his eyes probing into your soul. He stands and walks toward your table and walks silently by on his way to the telephones. As he passes, you feel static electricity pull the hairs on the back of your neck upright. He moves silently and with a mesmerizing elegance. Dark hair flows over his shoulders, framing a a serious face with a deep and dark complexion. A long straight beard hangs gracefully from his face and blends into a drooping mustache.
You are surprised as he passes by you at how tall he is. He is very tall and moves with the feline grace of an athlete. His build is lean, but quite obviously muscular. Finishing his telephone conversation, he walks back to his table, brushing by you with seeming innocence, but you know he did it on purpose.
He is wearing a long black coat that comes to his knees and when he brushes by you, it caresses your bare thighs with a fleeting touch. You watch him as he sits back at his table, you smile at how he positions himself with his back in the corner and the way he sits taking in the whole room in his direct line of vision.
He looks like a cat, sitting there, watching and listening. He is sitting in the darkened corner and with his dark face and black hair he blends into the shadows, leaving only his eyes to make you aware that he is there. Dark, black eyes and they burn with intensity and smolder with sensuality. Your mind reeling from the absolute beauty and unadulterated animal sexuality he possesses, you wander closer to him and stand in front of his table.
He asks you to sit and tells you he has been wishing to speak to you, but was leery of approaching you. In your mind, you wonder how anyone like him could possibly be shy about approaching a woman. Immediately, you feel a bond with him. You feel as if your lives are intertwined in some preordained destiny. Minutes slip into hours and the bar is closing, but you aren't ready to lose your new-found friend.
Standing outside the bar, saying your goodnights and farewells, he leans into you for a hug and you feel a tremble as his beard drags over your shoulder. He looks into your eyes and very slowly and cautiously leans closer to kiss you. Fire ignites instantly in the core of your womanhood. His hands pull you in close to hug you tightly as he kisses you, passion seeping from the both of you in an intoxicating bliss.
Your hands creep to his face and your fingers dance through his beard. He holds you powerfully, and his hands grip your shoulders and stroke your hair. Gasping from the intensity, you break away from him and try to catch your breath. Every fiber of your being is trembling, you have never wanted anyone so much in you entire life. He leans in closer to you and whispers into your ear a sweet adieu. He gives you his number and you return the favor. His lips caress yours one more time and he promises to see you on the morrow.
Dream Guy II
Bleary-eyed from tossing and turning in your sleep all night, you stumble through your house enjoying the quietness of an early Saturday morning. Your mind still reeling from last nights excitement, you mutter to yourself wondering if it was just a summer night's dream. Smelling the intoxicating aroma of the coffee perking in the pot, you open your front door to let in the morning breeze.
A loud gasp escapes your throat as you look in startled dismay at your driveway. There, sitting on the hood of a restored Ford Mustang "Muscle Car", is your dream man. He looks at you through bemused eyes and nods a quiet greeting.
You laugh out loud, feeling the sweet eruption of a long nights anticipation rumbling from your belly. You call out to him, " I see you aren't much for patience or subtlety" and giggle at the wry expression on is face. You beckon him come closer and invite him in for coffee. Suddenly feeling frumpy and unsure of yourself, you excuse yourself to scurry into the bathroom to put on at least a bit more clothing.
Looking in the mirror, you see your hair in disarray and glance nervously at your makeup-less face. Trying to decide if you should throw on makeup and do your hair, you hate the thought of keeping this wonderful apparition waiting. Throwing caution to the wind, you put on a robe and go into the living room to visit this unexpected pleasure.
Smiling eyes glance up at you and he comments on your natural beauty and composure. Smells of coffee flood the house and you hurry to make a cup for each of you. Following you into the kitchen, he sits at your table and sips appreciatively at the steaming cup. Neither of you seem to know what to say, and finally he breaks the sweet silence with some idle small talk.
You ask about his car and he promises to let you drive it. Talking quietly and laughing sporadically, your heart you chat the time away and the morning fades into afternoon. On your couch, you both sit in amazement, looking at the clock on the wall. "Where did THAT morning go" he laughs. He turns to you and tells you in a soft and quiet voice that he usually doesn't move so brashly or so fast, but that you struck an unknown chord in his soul. He asks if he might spend the day with you, and offers to take you out for a drive.
Not having any other plans and joyous at the chance to spend more time with this delightful creature, you say yes and run to dress. He calls out, not to get carried away, that you'll just have a relaxed and casual day. heart beating furiously, you throw on some clothes and scamper back into the living room.
"Ready"! You sing out in that voice, so sweet and pure. Crawling into his car, you delight in the smell of the leather interior and squeal with happiness as he lets down the convertible top. He puts some Prince into the stereo and roars away down the street. He swings through a
Mickey-D's and you get a bag full of burgers and fries, a couple of cokes and then you hit the highways. Munching, jamming to some serious tunes and letting the sweet strains of laughter tumble from your throat, the car screams down the road and the day turns into night.
The entire day seems to have lasted only minutes and then it is time to return to your house. Pulling up into the driveway, your heart drops, fear fills your mind and you hope that he isn't like all of the other jerks that want to come in for awhile. The awhile part meaning to have sex. You are truly attracted to this magnificent man, but still aren’t ready to jump off of that next step so quickly.
He gets out of the car and opens your door, offering you is hand to help you out of the car. he walks you to the door and as he starts to say something, your mind says " here it comes, now Prince Charming turns into a frog", but he is still full of surprises. He thanks you for a wonderful day and leans in to give you a quick and light peck on the cheek.
"Good night, sweetie", he whispers. Then he turns and walks away. He calls out over his shoulder that he would love to repeat the day tomorrow, if you have no other plans. You quickly say you would love to and that he can pick you up tenish. Closing your door behind you, you lean back against it and listen to your heart hammering in your chest. Slipping into a tub of hot water, you feel the joy mount in your heart. This man, is not like the others.
This man is the real thing! You crawl into bed and the night quickly slips you into deep sleep and folds you away safely into dreamland. Morning comes quickly and you once again find him awaiting in your driveway. You skip out to greet him and plant a light kiss on his lips. A fierce hug follows and then he suggests renting a shitload of movies, grabbing some munchies and just vegging for the day.
Hours pass and the sun climbs in the sky, somehow throughout the day you creep closer and closer to him. He waits patiently and never once advances on you, he contentedly waits for you to come to him. Soon you are sitting leaned against him, your mouth finds his shoulder and you kiss it lightly.
He sits leaned back on the couch with his feet propped up and you are lying partially on him, snuggled close as you watch the movies. Never a hand strays where it shouldn't, nary an attempt at an uninvited kiss. Your lips find his and he kisses you back softly and tenderly, he takes you gently into his arms and holds you as you kiss the day away. Pulling back, you are delirious to see that he doesn't persist in pressing his affections on you, he lets you pull back and snuggle up to him without trying to press for further exploration.
Lying against him, one leg thrown over his, you watch the movie and our fingers seem to of their own free will crawl up his chest. Unbuttoning his shirt, your tiny hands caress his chest, caressing the light downy hair that shines there. Moving up his chest, your run your fingers through his beard and trace along his mustache, fingers trailing over his lips. A deep and contented sigh escapes the both of you in an almost funny unison.
Kissing and caressing, his hands never roam where not invited and he moves at a slow and gentle pace. Suggesting some supper, you go to the kitchen and look through the cabinets, mind reeling, but not from hunger. Well, not from THAT kind of hunger, anyway. He walks behind you and places his hands on your hips, leaning over you he kisses your neck and shoulders and whispers that he would really love a Pizza for supper.
You call Papa John's and the evening slips into night. He looks at his watch and tells you he really must leave. You whimper almost, not wanting him to go, but not yet ready to initiate the next step. He kisses you softly and hugs you for a long and passionate embrace, then turns to leave and promises to call you in the next day or so.
Dream Guy III
That night, after he leaves you in the quietness of your own home, your mind reels with pure happiness. He didn’t force his attentions on you and responded perfectly to everything that you initiated. “I didn’t even know they MADE men like that” you think to yourself. His patience is unheard of, never have you experienced such joy from a man, such perfect sense of trust and ease. Snuggling into your bed, you can’t help but wish he were there with you.
Waking early and going into the office for the Monday morning meeting the prick you work for insists on having every week, you feel giddy and the joy in your heart over-rides the dread you feel of starting another work week. At the office, you excitedly share your weekends adventures your friends. Bubba wraps his arms around you and gives you a huge and heartfelt congratulatory hug. Laughing at you, they giggle about your zeal and intensity for this man of yours.
At lunch, you hurry home to grab a bite to eat and smile inwardly realizing that the reason you are hurrying is due to your high hopes that he has left a message on your machine. NO message, your heart drops and then you tell yourself to stop being silly, he can’t think of you every second of the day.
Dragging back to work, your zest rapidly replenished, you scream in delight at seeing a HUGE bouquet of the prettiest yellow daffodils you ever imagined. Your heart soars as you read the card from him, he tells honestly of the feelings he has developed for you and his amazement at how quickly he has fallen for you. He promises to come by your house after work and spend some time with you. All day long, you glance at the clock and wonder as to why it has stopped moving, your friends tease you and torture you all day about “him” and your feelings for him.
Finally, the prick tells you to go home early and get ready for your night. You rush home to shower and change into clean cloths anticipating the evening with glee. He FINALLLY gets there after what seems like an eternity and you rush into his arms, hugging him fiercely and smothering him in kisses. Pulling back, you apologize for “jumping his bones” and shyly say you musta just really been missing him. He smiles happily and says he LIKES it when you miss him.
Taking his hand, you lead him into your house with all of the excitement of a three year old at Christmas time. Snuggling on the couch, sitting practically on his lap, soft kisses turn into passionate and heated ones. His lips are heaven and his touch ignites fires deep within your core. Never, have you felt such lips. They are soooo soft and succulent that it makes you ache to have them pressed against yours. Tender kisses, tiny dart caresses with his talented tongue, all you feel is the total rush of passion flooding your soul.
Your hands climb to his face and you run your fingers through his beard as his kisses sweep you away into oblivion. Pushing your blouse back gently, his lips close on your shoulder and he licks his way up to nibble on your ear. Your breathing intensifies and you ache within your tummy, longing to be with him. You reach to touch him and whisper words of ecstasy into his ear as your tongue circle it and darts into it playfully. You reach down and undo your blouse to give him access and let him know that you want him to proceed. He lifts you gingerly in his arms and carries you into your bedroom, where he lovingly deposits you on your back. He leans over you and smothers your throat in tiny kisses, his face pressing into your tender flesh.
He bites softly on your shoulder and he kisses down into your cleavage, tongue stroking the soft sides of your exposed upper breasts. You arch your back and reach behind you to take off your bra, asking him to be slow and making him no promises as to how far you’ll be comfortable in going. He shrugs his shoulders a bit and tells you that he will respect your boundaries and tells you to make sure to let him know if you are uncomfy. His hands adoringly lift your breasts and his face presses into them.
He licks the soft underbelly of each one and sucks gently there. Teasing up and around the sides, he sucks and licks everywhere BUT the nipple, tongue circling it warily. He moves back up your throat and bites at your jawbone, his lips suckling on your tender neck. He lies there beside you, gazing into your eyes and his fingers walk up your thighs, tickle your bellybutton and caress your breasts. He kisses your pliant lips and flicks his tongue inside like the soft caress of a feather. Looking into your eyes, he kisses your forehead and tells you he loves you, and wants to know how you are feeling, wants to know if you are comfy.
You softly tell him tat you just don’t know, you have been hurt sooo many times and you just don’t know how ready you are. “Shhhhh, he says”. “ Breath easy and lets calm down then” He snuggles beside you and pulls you on top of him. Your head resting on his wonderful chest is the closest to heaven you have ever been and you fall asleep peacefully.