My name is Sarah and I'm twenty-two years old, my younger sister is called Rachele, I say younger sister but in fact, we are identical twins, it's just that I was born first, so technically I am the eldest, and I always let Rachele know it. We are also super competitive, and will cheat to better the other, but the overriding feeling between us is total love. We always have each others backs.
We are that identical that even our parents have trouble deciding who is who, and we have played that card to our fun and benefit for years.
We are a pair of sexy young females standing five foot seven inches with long slim toned legs that end in a cute pert bum. Soft, blow away light brown hair cut chin length in a shaggy style, hazel eyes and a button nose, with 36C-23-35 figures that fill our clothes. All in all two incredible packages that have caused havoc with the guys in the area. To say we are wild is an understatement, we have very few, if any inhibitions!
The only way you can tell us apart is when we are naked and even then it's not easy, my nipples are just a tad darker than Rachele's also I'm trimmed in a landing strip whilst Rach has a neat triangle. That is the only difference between us.
We are so alike that at times we have swapped boyfriends for the night, if a guy called for Rach I would go out with him and vice versa and never have any of the boys noticed the difference. We have even swapped guys during the night, breaking off from having sex leaving our respective bedrooms and going into the others to take up with the other guy. We find it fun. Fun and sexy. Like I said wild.
One day we decided to see who is the better in bed, who can fuck a guy better. So set it up that a guy we know called Steve would sleep with me one night and then Rachele the next night. We had decided to use the same moves on him at the same time so that everything would be as identical as we could make it, needless to say, Steve knew nothing of the arrangement. All he knew was he got two nights of incredible uninhibited sex with me, or was it Rach, or both.
The morning after the second night Steve's having breakfast at our flat when I say, "Steve, will you answer a question for me, and I need you to be totally honest. How good is Rach in bed, what's she best at?"
"I can't say that I can't tell you anything like that, that's for Rachele to know."
"Oh I don't mind you can tell my nosy sister if you want. What am I good at apart from everything that is." Rachele retorted shortly, glaring at me, just as we had planned. "Go on Steve tell her, what was I best at each night."
"Go on Steve what was she best at, sucking you off, she thinks she good at that, or how about her arse, did you fuck that as well. You've just had two nights fucking her what's the best she did."
"Go on Steve tell her, I can take it and if you don't, consider the idea you will not get any more sex from me for ages, if ever again."
Hesitantly, Steve said, "Well, the first-night oral was better, and anal was better on the second night, but sex was great on both nights, couldn't split that. To be brutally honest she was an incredible fuck on both nights. I honestly can't say which night was better."
"Cock sucker!" shouted Rachele at me as I quickly replied with, "Tight arse." Both of us splitting our sides with laughter, leaving poor Steve looking on wondering what was going on. Eventually, we let him in on the secret. At first, he'd looked shocked that we had been so open and calculating to let him fuck us on consecutive nights, just to compare who was better in bed. That we had no jealousy of each other.
"I don't think that was a fair test," Steve eventually said, "I mean to compare properly I think I should sleep with both of you at the same time, that way I get you both at your best."
"No way is that happening," we both shouted at him, "you'll only want us two to get together for you during the night, we're not into that," I said.
"Well it was worth a try anyway," Steve laughed as we threw him out with a threat not to let anyone know what we had done, that and the promise of going on our blacklist for no sex, and no guy in the area wanted to go on that list. Also, he knew that he had been lucky enough to have fucked both of us. And the only guy that could be sure he had.
Looking over at Rachele the idea of the three of us together was intriguing her, "oh oh".
"You fancy it don't you?" I asked Rachele when Steve had left and we were back in the lounge.
"Don't you."
"No, not really."
"Why?"
"Never been keen on girl-girl stuff, that and we are sisters that's incest you know."
"So? Kind of kinky if we did. What puts you off more, girl on girl or the sister's thing. You've never been shy before, always wanting to experiment. You lost your virginity first."
This was true but we've both always been sexually precocious and were sexually active from a very early age.
"Only because you were ill, you would have fucked our teacher first if you weren't."
"Suppose so, and he was hot, but why are you not interested?"
This was getting serious when Rachele got like this she would push things to the end until she got what she wanted.
"Not sure, just not."
"Is it the girl-girl or sister on sister, come on sexy, what is it?" She pushed me for an answer.
"Both, but girl on girl most, I think."
"So if I was your brother you wouldn't have a problem?"
"No, yes, no, I don't know. I don't want to have sex with a girl and I don't want to have sex with my sister. Just leave it will you? I don't want to do it and I don't want to talk about it," I shouted at her as I stormed off.
For the next week or so Rachele had been constantly pushing me, continually asking why I wouldn't do it, we had had a couple of arguments, were both sulking and that's not like us and at one time even had a fight. A proper physical fight, not a heated argument.
I was alone in the flat in the shower when I sensed a presence behind me, a naked body and felt hands reaching out to grab me, so spun around and lashed out at my would-be attacker, throwing a good punch which connected, but it wasn't a rapist, it was Rachele. Naturally, she fought back at me, and for a couple of minutes we were fighting hard as we had both taken self-defence classes when we were younger, until Rachele forced me onto my back sat on me and calmed me down. Saying she was sorry she had only meant to rub my back.
Forcing her off me I shouted some pretty awful things at her and again stormed out, not really believing that her intentions were entirely innocent, mine wouldn't have been and that's what worried me.
The outcome of all this is we were hardly talking to each other, both storming around the flat slamming doors and that is not like us at all. Hell, we are a pair of sisters who share boyfriends for a laugh.
I'd come home to find Rachele sulking in the corner of the sofa so, said. "Rach, we need to sort this out, it's tearing us apart as sisters and friends, I'm sorry, I've overreacted."
Rachele ignored me for a second or two then a shy smile and she said, "No Sarah, it's me who should be saying sorry, I've pushed things too far, I'm asking too much of you. I shouldn't have come into the shower, that was wrong."
"I've still got a good left hook haven't I?" I smiled at her. "Not as good as my counter," she laughed back at me and that was it, feud over as we both laughed at each other.
"Rach, why are you so keen to try sex together, let's just talk about why, please."
"I'm not sure, I want to try girl on girl but am afraid to try it with anyone else, I wouldn't know what to do, but also and don't fly off the handle at me, as you did say we should talk, I also want to have sex with you. I think you're as sexy as hell. You should be you look just like me," she said with a smile, "if you had been my brother I would have tried to have sex with you well before this."
Wow, that was unexpected, but I had expected something along those lines and if the truth were to be told I felt the same way, and that was why I was so reluctant, and for once afraid of the consequences.
"Sarah, why don't you want to do it, what don't you like about the idea, just tell me and we will end it here. Please tell me?"
Taking a big breath and letting out an even bigger sigh I said, "Everything. Everything that you want to do and try, I don't want to, I don't want to try girl on girl, and I definitely don't want to have sex with you. I have my reasons."
"Why, what are they?"
A silence hung heavy in the air for a few seconds before I answered.
"I'm afraid, afraid if I do I'll like it too much. I want to try things but I'm afraid to try, afraid I'd like it too much. You know what we are like, I'm afraid things would get out of hand and go too far, further than either of us can control.
"So you do want to have sex together but are afraid of the outcome?"
"Yes."
"Well that's just like me, I'm afraid of what would happen as well. Sorry I've pushed it, subject over. Friends again?"
I nodded and a heavy but friendly silence ensued.
"Rach, if...if we did do it, would it...would it be just the once?"
"One time or one night?" Rachele laughed back at me in reply, looking at me questioningly.
"Can't be one time as we've both got to do things haven't we, one night."
"Yes, one night."
"Rach, do you really and I mean really, really want to do it?"
"Yes Sarah I really, really do, but I thought we had decided no."
"Well we had just left the question unanswered, we hadn't decided no. If you really want to try this, I'm going to say yes, one night, but nobody must know, this is just between us two. Got that."
To say Rachele looked shocked would be an understatement, she was stunned, then with a sly smile she said, "What do you want to do?"
"I don't know, you're the one that wants to do things together, seduce me, do things you would do with a guy."
"Can't, they always take the lead, I'm always fighting them off."
Laughing at her, the mood between us lighter, our relationship repaired, I didn't believe she let any guy take the lead, I giggled, "Well one of us has to start this thing, and it should be you, kiss me."
Rachele slid over to me on the other end of the sofa, took my head in her hands pressed her face close to mine and brushed her lips across mine. At the first touch, my body stiffened in shock and terror, rejecting her advances, not wanting to kiss another woman and definitely not wanting to kiss my sister. But then lust took over as I stared into Rachele's eyes, no they were my eyes, and saw the lust, desire and love in them, echoing what I'm sure was showing in mine. The latent desire that I had repressed for so long bursting forth.
At the first kiss, Rachele was looking into my eyes as I was hers and she must have seen the same thing in mine as I saw in hers, desire, lust and love. Her eyes widened in recognition of the fact.
That first delicate, hesitant brushing of our lips together was the spark that lit the flame, igniting a furnace of passion and desire, the next kiss wasn't hesitant or light as we crushed our lips together, mouths opening slightly at the contact allowing tongues to probe deep, exploring a new kind of kiss. We both moaned with longing into the others mouth at the same time.
Continuing kissing our hands had started to roam over each others bodies, caressing and feeling boobs, running up and down bodies, each trying to be more dominant than the other. Rachele had both hands on my boobs kneading and squeezing them firmly, not groping as a man would but caressing, but caressing in a strong possessive way, as a woman she knew what the right pressure and touch should be, and this was still outside my clothing. What would the feel and my response be like when she was touching my skin? I could feel my nipples hardening as it was.
Taking advantage of Rachels hands being fully occupied I took the chance to run mine lower down her body and then up her skirt, fingers pressing onto her pussy, through the soft cotton of her panties. I could feel her mound through the damp and sticky patch of her panties. As I pressed a finger deeper into her, rubbing her through her panties Rachele sighed, arched her back pushing forward onto my finger, with even more moaning in delight.
Breaking off from kissing me she managed to whisper, "Thought you didn't want to do this?"
"Shut up and stand up I want to undress you," was my reply.
Rachele stood up and ripped her top and bra off her beautiful boobs standing firm and proud, nipples erect and pushing forward, looking coyly at me she began to play with her boobs, squeezing them, taking hold of a nipple rolling it between her fingers then pulling it out from her boob. God she was driving me mad with desire now.
Still sitting on the sofa I reached up pulled her nearer to me, reached behind her, and undid the clasp on her skirt, well actually it was my skirt that she had borrowed from me a while ago, slowly ran the zipper down until it would go no further and pulled the skirt over her hips letting it drop to the floor. Rachele was stood before me in just a pair of thin white cotton panties with a big wet patch in the crotch.
"Sarah, pull my panties down with your teeth," Rachele ordered me.
Gasping in shock as I knew how close that would put my mouth to her sex I dropped to my knees before her and took my time to tease her first, running my hands up and down her silken thighs, every time I was going higher with my hands, until at last they pushed up past the sides of her panties and I took hold of them to help me as I obeyed her command.
I took her panties in my teeth, pulling them downwards ever so slowly, partly teasing, partly because I was having trouble getting them over her bum, eventually, they came loose and her pussy was fully exposed to my view, not the first time I had seen it, but never this close before. Stopping there I moved a hand towards it but Rachele slapped it away. "Not yet."
As Rachele opened her legs slightly to let her panties fall lower I got a faint smell of her a musky scent, that drove me wild with wanting, I wanted to taste the source of that smell. As I stared at her I could see her pussy glistening with her desire. Teasing no more I pulled her panties off as quickly as I could, but Rachele stopped me before I could do anything else.
Wrapping her fingers in my hair she pulled me to my feet so we were stood in front of each other, then smiling she just ripped my top from me, then my bra, as soon as my boobs came into view she sank her head onto them taking first one orb into her mouth then the other, switching between them time and again until both were coated in her saliva, hot and sticky. As this was going one I had undone my skirt and stepped out of it I didn't want her ripping that off as well as my top.
"Sarah, just go with me from now on, please."
As she said this her hand pushed between us and into my panties, fingers cupping to fold around my pussy, cradling it then, first one finger then a second pushed into me, the first time a woman had touched me there, the first time my sister had touched me like that. At first, I wasn't sure about the touch and started to pull away but then realised I wanted more and pushed down and forward onto her fingers getting them deeper into me. At that moment I wanted Rachele to finger me more than anything in the world.
We fell onto the floor not breaking the contact between us, Rachele's fingers deep in my pussy, mine on her hips and boobs. Not kissing anymore just staring intently into each other's eyes, Rachele continued to play with my pussy, fingers probing and exploring, finding acceptance to her touch. The look I saw in Rachele's eyes was pure lust and desire, but with an undercurrent of love, love for me as a sister and now we were sure, a lover to be, and not just once, not one night.
Stopping my exploring of Rachele's body I managed to get my panties off, rolled onto my back and spreading my legs wide still looking into Rachele's eyes pushed her downwards, at first she didn't seem to realise what I wanted, then as understanding dawned on her she smiled again as I nodded and pushed her even lower.
Arriving at my goal, Rachele kept eye contact with me as she at first blew a warm breath over my pussy then with her tongue protruding kissed my pussy, tongue at first pushing deep into my core then licking me, licking from bottom to top of my pussy. Long, deep, slow, licks, licking my pussy with pure unadulterated love, sending waves of longing and desire through my body. Driving my needs and wanting ever higher and higher.
Her tongue was hot and intense in it's demanding, probing fast and deep, licking hard and fast at me, my juices had started to flood out of me, more copious and faster than ever before. I was responding naturally, hips bucking up, thrusting my pussy hard into her face as I moaned and gasped in pleasure. Rachele's fingers were pushing into me as well rubbing hard and incessantly into me, then spreading wide to open my core allowing her tongue greater access, stimulating my lust and desire, my need.
Still looking at me as best she could Rachele shifted her attack on me and flicked her tongue over my clit, I screamed at the first touch of her hot tongue on it, I could see the smile in her eyes as I did so. That touch and the look in her eyes was all that it took to send me over the edge and an orgasm burst over me.
There was no build up to it I just came, screaming out long and loud, screaming my love for my sister as she licked me to a climax, then as my juices poured from me she drank them into her mouth. I was shaking and screaming, body thrashing about all over, holding Rachele's face hard against my quivering pussy making her drink my nectar as it flooded out of me. Gradually my orgasm ebbed as Rachele continued to lick me, but now slower and gentler, loving me. Gradually and lovingly bringing me down from my peak of passion.
I pulled Rachele up me so we were laying face to face, side by side, kissing softly and sighing, in my post-coital glow, I whispered, "That is what I was afraid of, why I didn't want sex with you."
"I know, that's what I was afraid of too," replied Rachel.
"And we're not finished yet, I've not done anything to you yet."
I stood up on shaking legs, pulling Rachele with me and led her into my bedroom, pushing her on her back on the bed, I dropped to my knees before her and at last got the taste I had been wanting as I pushed my face hard into her pussy.
The same musky scent assailing me as before, but this time I got to taste it as well, a sweet honey taste, but tangy and salty as well. It was a taste I discovered I loved, it was similar to the way I taste on my fingers but different. It was a taste I knew I wanted to savour and experience many more times in the future. This was what I had been afraid of!!
Rachele was moaning in pleasure and trying to direct me and tell me what to do, but I knew what I wanted to do, she would have to go with that, she had had her fun, now I was going to have mine. Have my fun eating my sister out, licking her pussy, drinking her nectar.
As my tongue plunged ever deeper into her Rachele drew her legs high and wrapped them around my neck trapping me in place, holding me to her. Her thighs crushing my head as she clamped on me tighter and tighter as I licked deeper and deeper into her hot core, slowly and then quickening the pace, then slowing down again as I sensed her passion rising, taking her to the brink of orgasm and release, then tormenting her by backing off, not letting her climax.
Rachele was screaming in frustration, shouting out cursing me, swearing at me, threatening all sorts of reprisals if I didn't make her cum, if I didn't let her cum.  
No way, I was enjoying myself too much, I was loving the feel of my tongue deep in my sisters pussy. The soft velvet feel of it, the heat coming off her, the smell of her. Rachele was enjoying what was happening to her body but I was loving being the cause of it. And I was loving the power I had over Rachele at that time.
As I pushed three fingers deep into her I moved my mouth just a little higher and grasped her clit between my teeth, rolling them from side to side on it in a gentle pressure, Rachele screamed even louder than she had been doing before.
I was finger fucking her harder and faster than ever, hard and faster than I have ever finger fucked myself. Rachele was thrusting her hips and body hard into me, nearly shaking me off her. Relenting my torment of her I worked my fingers and teeth harder, taking her higher and higher, sensing her climax build in her, building and building until as the dam broke and her juices flooded out of her pouring into my mouth, almost as much as some men have filled my mouth with cum, she shrieked her orgasm, howling to the ceiling, as wave after wave of release coursed through her body. Shuddering in the release, sobs of joy coming from her, as I looked up at her tears were streaming from her eyes.
Oh God, what had we just done. That couldn't have been right, it must have been wrong on all levels, but it did feel right, it wasn't wrong, I didn't feel guilty. I hugged Rachele to me as she continued to sob, gradually she calmed down looked at me, smiled and then said, "That was the best fucking orgasm I've ever had. If you give guys a blowjob like that I know why Steve said you were better than me."
Giving her a quick and playful kiss I said, "I can give you lessons anytime you want, and I'm sure Steve wouldn't say no to being the recipient of the teaching."
We were definitely back as a pair, relationship repaired.
We spent the rest of the night together, cuddling and caressing each other not making love but not wanting to part until we drifted asleep. So we had that one night together, but the next day was even better!! And we knew that there would be plenty of nights and days to share together, now that we had overcome our fear.
We gave Steve the three-way he wanted and as a thank you put on a show for him, stripping each other in front of him then a full girl on girl love show just for him, but making him promise not to tell anyone about it, if he did he wouldn't get invited to the party again.
A few days after our fun with Steve, Rachele was looking at me in a strange way when she said, "Sarah, I've got an idea, fancy doing a girl on girl three- way, get another girl in with us.?"
"You are joking, God, I'm only just getting used to sex with you," I said, then, "who, you've obviously thought about this, got someone in mind haven't you?"
"Yep and it will totally blow her mind."
I know we were as wild and kinky as a pair of sisters can get but it looks like we could be taking things to a different level now.