Bobby wasn’t blind, and he wasn’t a complete moron, so it wasn’t difficult to figure out just what John Winchester’s boys had been up to when the succubus used his body to walk in on them. He had also been aware for her ‘chats’ with the boys: she either hadn’t cared that he was still alert, or she was too new to the gig to figure out how to lock him up inside his own head. The upshot of which was that he felt awkward as hell, standing here while Sam (naked) tried to coax Dean (also naked) out of himself.

Bobby could tell that Sam’s pleas and soft words weren’t working, and he wasn’t surprised. Dean never had been one for false comforts. So are you gonna do something about it or just stand here with your thumb up your ass? he asked himself, and then stepped forward to grip Sam’s shoulder.

“Sam.”

“… Dean, come on, man, don’t do this, not now. You don’t have to say anything, just look at me. Please, Dean …”

“Sam!” Bobby called, louder, and shook him.

This time Sam’s head came up. From the dazed expression on his face, he’d forgotten that Bobby was in the room. His mouth closed and opened and then closed again. It was probably the first time that Bobby had seen the boy at a loss for words.

“Why don’t you get some clothes on?” Bobby suggested.

Sam flushed, but his jaw firmed with determination. “I’m not leaving him.”

“Sam …”

“No.” And he pulled his shoulder out of Bobby’s hand and hunched over his brother again.

Bobby gave up on Sam for the time being and stepped around so that he was standing in front of Dean. Looking down at Dean—naked and shivering and curled in on himself—he wanted, more than anything, to drop down and pull the boy into his arms and tell him that everything was going to be all right.

That’s not what he needs, Singer, and you know it.

Bobby spared a moment to wonder if Sam would ever forgive him for this, and then barked out, “Dean! On your feet.”

Sure enough, Sam snapped his head up with an expression of furious disbelief. He was still glaring at Bobby when Dean opened his eyes and blinked slowly at the floor.

“I gave you an order, Winchester,” Bobby added sharply.

“Jesus Christ, Bobby,” Sam exploded. “Leave him alone, he’s—”

He cut himself off as he felt Dean move beneath his hands. Looked down at his brother in surprise as Dean rolled over onto his stomach. His hands lifted from Dean’s skin as Dean, swaying and with vacant, dead eyes, forced himself first to his knees, and then up into a standing position. Sam rose as well and hovered behind his brother anxiously.

“I want you to go wash up,” Bobby said. His voice was softer, but his tone remained firm.

“Yes, sir,” Dean muttered, his gaze on the floor. He turned and shuffled toward the hall and Sam started after him.

“Not you, Sam.”

Sam glared over his shoulder at Bobby. “I’m not—”

“Dean’s old enough to take a shower by himself.”

“Be fine, Sammy,” Dean mumbled, and then disappeared down the hall without waiting for a response. A few moments later, Bobby heard the bathroom door close. He looked back to find Sam pulling his boxers back on like he wanted to strangle someone. His mood wasn’t going to perk up any at what Bobby was going to have to say to him next.

“You can use the shower in the garage,” Bobby offered hopefully. If Sam left of his own accord, this discussion might never have to happen.

“I’m not going anywhere until I know he’s all right.”

For an instant, Bobby had nothing but sympathy for John Winchester, who had put up with this kind of nonsense for far longer than Bobby himself could have endured it. Then he remembered that Sam’s attitude (and Dean’s, too; don’t forget him) was a direct consequence of the man’s shortsightedness when it came to his own family, and the moment passed.

Bobby cleared his throat, and then plunged right in with: “I’m gonna be honest here, Sam. I think you’re the last person he needs to see right now.”

The flash of fury in Sam’s normally gentle eyes actually frightened him into taking a step back. The boy’s hands clenched into fists as he drew himself up to his full height. “You don’t get to judge us.”

“I’m not trying to,” Bobby answered, and honestly, he’d been doing his damndest to put … that … out of his mind until he’d gotten Dean functioning again. “Dean doesn’t think too highly of himself: I think you know that. He’s been messed up since the day your dad first dragged him here, and he’s only gotten worse.”

Sam was looking mutinous—the boy never had liked to hear anyone criticize his big brother—but Bobby kept right on with: “He’s got his priorities all screwed to hell—mostly where you’re concerned.”

Sam flushed, obviously torn between embarrassment and anger. “Dean and I—”

“I’m not talking about that.” Not until he’d had a little more time to wrap his head around it. “Look, Sam, I think we both know that Dean measures his worth based on how well he’s doing by you. This thing—with the woman and the … the baby. He’s got it all mixed up in his head with protecting you, and you are the last person who’s gonna be able to change that.”

Sam’s forehead creased in a thoughtful manner, but hostility still simmered in his eyes. “He’s my brother. I think I know how to—”

“I mean it, Sam. He’s not ready to talk to you about it. Might never be. But he needs to talk, and fast too, or he’s gonna put together some damnfool notion of what happened and slap a coat of cement over it and call it the truth. And then there won’t be anything that you, or I, or anyone else will be able say to change his mind.”

“But it isn’t his fault!” Sam blurted in frustration.

“I know that, and you know that, but Dean is in that bathroom right now convincing himself otherwise. So I don’t care what you do, but I want you to get out of here and leave us alone for a few hours.”

Sam’s jaw was working like he wanted to argue some more, but he managed to keep his mouth shut. With a final glance at the hallway Dean had disappeared down, he turned sharply and stomped out the front door, pausing only to grab his jeans off the floor. Bobby listened for the sound of the Impala’s engine, almost positive that Sam would take himself as far as possible from Bobby and everything associated with him, but the only thing he heard was the soft patter of the shower.

Sighing, he padded into the guest room to find a clean pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt for Dean. The clothes were Sam’s, which meant they’d be a little baggy on the boy, but they’d do for now. He left them on the floor just outside of the bathroom and then went to the living room to wait, wincing at the state it was in. Everything had happened so quickly that he wasn’t sure how much was the demon’s fault, and how much was from … that.

“Damn it, John, you asshole,” he grumbled. There was no doubt in his mind that the way John had raised his boys was at the root of this thing that he was getting closer and closer to actually facing. John was the one who had cut them off from society: had taught them to rely on no one but each other.

To be completely honest with himself, Bobby hadn’t been all that surprised to see the two of them wrapped around each other. Sam had been too aware of his brother the last few times the boys had come here with John. Once or twice Bobby had caught him staring at Dean, his eyes heated and his jaw slack.

And Dean … well, it was like Bobby had just told Sam. Dean’s entire world revolved around his brother. Bobby had always suspected that was part of Dean’s problem with relationships: the boy just didn’t have enough left for anyone else after he finished giving to Sam.

Bobby couldn't have cared less about the whole gay thing: he’d known plenty of hunters who leaned that way, and he would have been proud to hunt with any one of them. He didn’t even mind horribly that they were brothers. It wasn’t anything he’d been raised to be comfortable with, of course, but they weren’t hurting anyone, and unless the Winchesters were a hell of a lot odder than he’d ever suspected, there wasn’t much chance of them having two-headed babies.

If he had to face up to what was really bothering him, he supposed that he was worried about Sam’s intentions. And if that didn’t make him sound like the overprotective papa of a sixteen-year-old virgin, nothing ever would. He loved Sam like a son—loved both of them like sons—but that didn’t mean that he was blind to Sam’s tendency to run off when the going got tough.

The boy had first tried running away when he was fourteen: John had tanned Sam’s hide for that, and given Dean a dressing down in private that had been, in Bobby’s opinion, both harsh and unwarranted. Then there had been Stanford, and the less said on that subject, the better: Bobby had heard enough about Palo Alto from both John and Dean during those years that he’d actually threatened to find a witch who would render them mute. And a little over a year ago, Sam had run off on Dean twice. Bobby had received frantic phone calls from Dean both times, and although a demon had been responsible for his second disappearance, the first was all Sam.

If this was just some kind of … of fling for Sam, then Dean would be … Well, it wouldn’t be pretty.

“Where’s Sam?”

Bobby jumped, startled, and then glanced up to see Dean standing hesitantly just inside the living room. Dean looked all of ten years old in his brother’s clothes, and his still-damp hair sticking up every which way.

“Out back in the garage taking a shower.” Or, you know, cursing Bobby’s name.

Dean stood there awkwardly for a moment and then muttered, “So I’ll just …” He trailed off and started to turn around.

“Hold up,” Bobby said, and Dean froze. The ten-year-old was gone: a cornered animal had taken his place. Rising to his feet, Bobby announced, “We need to talk.”

Dean flinched.

Bobby’s heart constricted painfully. “I’m not gonna hurt you.”

“I know that,” Dean lied, and then inched backwards into the hallway. “I’m kinda tired right now, though, so maybe—”

“Now, Dean,” Bobby said, pulling out John’s Marine-voice again. Just as he had before, and as Bobby had known he would, Dean caved.

Shoulders hunched, he took a few steps back into the living room. “Okay, shoot.”

“How about we do this in the kitchen? You look like you could use a beer.”

They ended up at the table, Dean cradling a bottle of King Cobra and not drinking it. His eyes were fastened on the table, and he kept recoiling whenever Bobby moved too quickly. Like he was expecting Bobby to beat the shit out of him at any moment.

Best get this done quick, Bobby told himself, and then said bluntly, “It’s not your fault.”

Dean’s head came up, a faint gleam of surprise in his dull eyes. “You’re not … mad?”

Oh hell, Dean thought that Bobby was talking about his relationship with Sam. “I’m not upset about you and Sam, but that’s not what I was talking about.”

Dean’s eyes dropped again. “Oh.”

“I was talking about what that bitch said before she zipped back to Hell.”

“Oh,” he repeated with even less intonation than his first attempt.

“Dean, look at me.”

Slight movement of Dean’s head, almost too faint to be a denial.

“Look at me,” Bobby demanded, and when Dean reluctantly obeyed he caught the boy’s gaze and held it. “You. Are. Not. Responsible.”

Dean’s lips twisted sardonically. “Really? She dropped dead on her own, huh? For no reason whatsoever. Is that it?”

“There was no way for you to know what would happen,” Bobby pressed.

“I’ve seen incubus attacks, Bobby,” Dean snapped, and his hand tightened on the bottle. “I’m not a civilian.”

“You didn’t know you wouldn’t be able to control it,” Bobby insisted. “And you didn’t know that the woman was pregnant, did you?”

Dean’s breath hitched at the ‘p’ word, but he recovered quickly. “What the hell does that have to do with anything?”

“Because if you had, you wouldn’t’ve so much as held her hand,” Bobby pointed out. “You’re not a murderer, Dean.”

Dean’s breathing had gone ragged again, and Bobby sensed that the boy was nearing the end of his ability to submit to this conversation. Which meant that it was time to use that ace he had stuffed up his sleeve.

“If anyone’s to blame for that fiasco, it’s Sam.”

Dean shot up from his seat like he’d been electrocuted, hurled his bottle across the room, where it shattered messily, and then lunged across the kitchen table to grab Bobby by the collar. Bobby let the boy haul him up out of his chair and spin him into the cabinets.

“Don’t you say that,” Dean spat, muscles trembling like it was taking everything he had not to pound Bobby’s head back into the wood. “Don’t you fucking talk about him like that!”

Bobby’s sense of self-preservation was telling him to take it back, but he’d come this far already, so he figured he’d better finish. Besides, if he knew Dean at all, then this was nothing that the boys hadn’t already discussed. Was nothing Dean hadn’t thought himself. He just didn’t like hearing Bobby say it.

“Sam made the deal, Dean. Not you. Sam’s the one who backed you into a corner.”

Dean went as still as stone, those changable eyes of his flaring the sullen green of a storm-wracked sea. For a moment, Bobby was afraid he’d miscalculated. Dean was pulling his right hand back, and he wasn’t armed right now, but neither of John Winchester’s boys had ever needed a weapon to kill someone.

Oh hell, Bobby thought faintly.

Then he grunted in surprise as Dean shoved him to one side. There was a loud crunching noise of breaking wood, and when he straightened and looked back, Dean’s right hand was buried in one of the cabinets. The boy looked calmer as he pulled his hand free again, but Bobby winced at the sight of the tiny blue splinters that were sticking out of his rapidly swelling knuckles.

Cautiously, he reached for Dean’s hand and Dean let him take it. Let Bobby sit him back down at the table and pick out the splinters and check to see if he’d broken anything.

“You’ll be okay,” Bobby said finally as he handed over a bag of ice. “Just try to avoid punching any more furniture for a while.”

Staring down at his hand, Dean muttered, “He didn’t know what he was doing.”

“Neither did you,” Bobby responded promptly, and when Dean didn’t say anything else, he added, “Do you think Sam’s a murderer?”

“What?” Dean scowled. “Of course not. Why the hell would I?”

“He killed Steve Wendell.”

“He was fucking possessed, Bobby, what do you—”

“You don’t think that the situation is similar?”

“I didn’t have a goddamned demon inside of me, if that’s what you mean.”

“Really?” Despite his apprehension, Bobby forced himself to smile wryly. “And here I thought that incubi were demonic creatures.”

“That’s—that’s different,” Dean argued, but for the first time he sounded uncertain.

Bobby sat across from the boy and waited for him to roll it around in his head some more.

After a few minutes, Dean said, “I’m not—it’s just the siren song, and the—the hunger—it’s not like I’m possessed or anything.”

“So you were in complete control of yourself at all times.”

“No, I … No.” Dean didn’t look like he was in the mood to throw any more punches, but Bobby could tell from the way his cheek was twitching that Dean’s mind was about two seconds away from shutting down on him again.

So instead of pushing it, he just said, “No one’s expecting you to stop blaming yourself for this overnight, but I want you to think about it. I want you to think real hard about the kind of situation you were in. Now, let me get you another beer. And try to actually drink this one, will you?”

Dean managed to choke down two beers, but when Bobby asked if he wanted some dinner, he shook his head and said he just wanted to crash for a while. Bobby browbeat the boy into taking his bed. If his suspicions were right, then Dean was going to be a mite restless; he never had been a particularly quiet sleeper, and with the nightmares that would likely be paying him a visit tonight, he’d wind up on the floor if he tried sleeping in anything smaller than a full-sized bed.

Dean had been asleep for about an hour, and Bobby was busy frying up some steaks in the kitchen when Sam finally popped up again. From the dirt and grease smudged on his skin, he didn’t seem to have found his way to the shower.

They regarded each other warily for a moment, and then Sam asked, “Where is he?”

“Sleeping. I put him in my room.”

His face darkened. “You’re not our father, Bobby. You can’t make us stop—”

“I don’t expect it would make a difference to you if John did tell you to quit what you’re doing with Dean: you never were very good at following orders. But that’s not why I put him in there.”

The suspicion on Sam’s face told him plain as day that Sam found that statement highly suspect. “Why, then?”

“Dean’s bound to have a few bad dreams tonight, and I didn’t want him falling out of bed and hurting himself.”

“Oh,” Sam said, mollified. He rubbed at the back of his neck and ducked his head a little. “How—how is he?”

Bobby gave the steaks a prod with a fork. “I gave him a few things to think about. You’ve got to realize, though, that this is gonna be hard for him. You can’t push him on it.”

“I know,” Sam whispered. He stood there quietly for a few minutes while the sounds and smells of cooking meat filled the kitchen. Then Bobby heard him take a deep breath before offering, “Hey, man, about today: I was just worried about Dean, and I—I guess I took it out on you. I’m sorry.”

It would be so easy to just shrug and laugh it off, but Bobby suspected that the Winchesters would be out of here before sunup tomorrow. He’d peeled back a few of Dean’s protective layers this afternoon, and the boy wouldn’t want to see him again for a while. If he wanted to confront Sam about this relationship that he’d started with his brother, then he was going to have to do it now.

“Before I accept your apology, I want to ask you a question.” Bobby couldn’t quite keep the grimness out of his voice.

The tentative smile on Sam’s face faltered. “What about?”

“What you’re doing with Dean. I want to know if you’re serious about this, Sam. Because if you aren’t, then we have ourselves a spot of trouble.”

He’d expected Sam’s anger to return, but instead Sam’s face broke out into a broad grin. “Are you giving me the ‘don’t hurt my daughter, cause I’ve got a shotgun and I’m not afraid to use it’ speech?” he asked.

Bobby flushed and tugged at his cap. “Well, your dad’s not around to give it. And let’s face it, Sam. You’ve got a history of bailing on your brother, and—”

“—and I’m not going anywhere,” Sam finished for him. “Dean and I—this is it, Bobby, okay?”

Scanning Sam’s eyes for an indication that he was telling the truth, Bobby prodded, “For how long?”

“As long as he wants me,” Sam answered simply. “I love him, and he loves me, and that’s … well, that’s a lot. That’s everything.”

It was said with such finality and assurance that, despite himself, Bobby felt his concern slip away. He cleared his throat and then nodded, cracking a grin.

“Better be. Cause I’ve got three shotguns, and I’m not afraid to use them.”