Lying in a bath of scalding hot water, Simon lifts his leg up to examine the flesh on the underside of his left foot. The toes are pink! Admittedly it's a darkish pink, but that's a long way off black and a definite sign that there's none of the deep tissue damage he'd been suspecting.
He vaults out of the tub, yelping as his injured feet make sudden contact with the floor, but the pain is no longer excruciating. Those raw, infected blisters are a thing of the past and he's okay. He's more than okay because he's not going to have to amputate his toes with a bone saw filched from the derelict butcher's shop.

"Jayne!" Simon skids naked through the farmhouse, hunting for his elusive lover in order to tell him the good news.

Opening the kitchen door he breathes in fresh spring air that's laced with the acridity of smoke and catches a glimpse of the big man who is out in the pasture doing something that involves a fire. It's not an uncommon sight. "Jayne," he yells and, slipping on a pair of moccasins, he steps out into the sunshine and approaches the field.

"Well now, ain't you a tasty sight all naked and dripping wet." Jayne leans on the top bar of the fence and eyes Simon appreciatively. "What's got you in such a good mood, Doc?"

Simon rests his hands over Jayne's. "My feet are almost healed," he says with a thankful smile.

Separated by the bars of the fence they lean in towards each other, mouths colliding in a soft kiss. The gentleness soon turns dirty and Simon tangles his fingers into Jayne's long hair and pulls him closer.

"Think you're well enough to make that journey then?" says Jayne in between kisses, his hand caressing the curve of Simon's naked butt.

Hartford is all the mercenary thinks about, but, despite the horrors of the past winter, Simon's still fretful at the idea of leaving their sanctuary.

"Snow's almost gone from the peaks and I have a heap of jerky ready." Jayne indicates the strips of meat hanging over the fire. "If'n we leave it too much longer we'll have no food to eat and no ammo to take with us and, in truth, I don't fancy a trip into the unknown with just a bowie knife for protection. So far them wolves are keeping well away from us, but who knows how they'll react once we move through their territory."

Jayne knows how to make a good point. He's also back to being that huge, muscular soldier -- a man who makes Simon feel incredibly safe. This is a factor which increasingly leads to submission, except in bed where they're firmly established as equals.

"I agree," he says softly and the vibrant look on Jayne's face is enough to stiffen Simon up from semi to full erection in a fraction of a second.

The mercenary loves danger and has the soul of an adventurer whereas Simon is a physician with a life devoted to healing. They're so different yet incredibly compatible and this is a constant source of confusion to Simon's organised mind. A mystery wrapped up in an enigma with a side order of conundrum.

This compatibility becomes ever more evident when Jayne drops to a sudden squat and begins to suck loudly and eagerly at Simon's cock. Being naked outside is nothing new for either of them, but when Simon presses his hips up against the bars of the fence, his erection jutting imperiously through the gap in the planks, he discovers a newfound kink. This reminds him of some of the seedier sly bars he's visited where the sex was anonymous and performed through glory holes and gauzy layers of curtaining. He's never indulged his desires inside one of those sordid places but, wo de ma, he's wanted to.

The fantasy that's building scene by scene inside his head is all too perfect and he strains eagerly to reach release, pulling back as soon as his climax hits and jerking off hard, spattering Jayne in the face with shot after shot of thick semen.

Often, sex demands reciprocity but then there are those other times, special moments like now, when it really doesn't. Simon smiles down at Jayne, wiping away the dribbles of fluid, then licking his fingers clean.

"So, we're going then?" Jayne looks up at him, still effervescing over at the idea of some action.

"We are." Simon doesn't go back on his word. In fact this is another reason why he's agreed to go along with the plan. When he rescued River from the Alliance he made a vow that he'd always be there to look after her, but since living in Gainsborough he's become distracted and selfish. The events of the winter have reminded him that life is fleeting and that promises are the most important thing in the verse.

*

It doesn't take long to prepare for their journey. By noon next day the trailer on the mule is stocked to overflowing with everything they could possibly need. The farm house is secured, shutters tightly fastened on all windows, and as Simon locks the door and pockets the ring of keys he looks up at the building that's been home to them for more than six months. "Will we be back?" The whisper's not intended for anyone's ears but Jayne has a keen sense of hearing.

"Won't know for sure 'til we get to Hartford."

Simon looks over his shoulder at the mercenary who, surprisingly, is also gazing up at the farmhouse with regret written all over his face. "We don't have to go," he says, full of faint hope.

"Ain't right not to at least try." Jayne lays an arm over him and the comforting weight of that limb is something Simon's beginning to depend upon as much as air and water.

"I know you been thinking about your sis," continues Jayne. "You talk in your sleep."

Simon's startled. "I do not," he says in his most affronted tone of voice.

Jayne laughs loud and long. "You sure do, Doc. Now let's quit wasting time yammering and get headed out."

Pushing all embarrassing thoughts to one side, Simon sits on the mule with Jayne snug behind him, arms wrapped tightly around his belly. There's no question that he should be the one to drive having had so much more practice at negotiating the track to town.

The mule sputters a little then roars into life and as they race away the remainder of fuel sloshes around inside the gas tank. Simon hates the thought of abandoning the old transporter once she's drained dry. He draws to a halt when they reach the gate and watches the curves of Jayne's butt as the man tugs down on the bar of the latch and swings the gate open, riding it like a small boy. The lantern still hangs on that nail where Simon placed it almost half a year ago. Even the winter storms didn't dislodge it. It's a landing light to guide them back.

"You getting all sentimental again?" Jayne grins as he closes the gate and climbs astride the mule.

"I'm leaving the first real home I've had."

Immediately Simon curses himself for saying such a ridiculous thing, but Jayne tightens his arms around Simon's waist and the, "I know," that follows is so quiet and so very sincere that Simon feels the empathy coming off the man in waves. Jayne's family life was disturbingly hollow and since leaving the nest, he's carved out a barren existence for himself. In contrast Simon's home brimmed over with luxury but it lacked warmth and was just as empty. Serenity and her crew have been more of a family than either of them have ever experienced before but the Firefly has never truly belonged to anyone but Malcolm Reynolds.

"Are we doing the right thing?" he says, turning to look at Jayne.

"We're doing the only thing." Jayne plants a quick kiss on Simon's lips. "And if it makes you feel better y'can pretend you're under duress and this here's a gun."

The solid length of Jayne's erection lodges against his lower back and Simon laughs, finding it such a thrill that the big man is constantly aroused by him. "Your cock is more of an incentive than any revolver," he says, shifting his hips to let Jayne know how much he enjoys the feel of him. God! He wants to fuck right here on the track. He wants to strip off and get seen to over the saddle of the mule.

"Ye su, Simon." Jayne voice is breathy against his ear. "I can hear them dirty thoughts of yours. You best get moving 'fore I have to act on them."

Simon leans back. "As soon as we get to town I'm going to fuck you."

"Not if I fuck you first."

That undercurrent of sadness has gone and now all Simon can think about is sex. Whether it was intentional or not Jayne has played him like a master, shifting his feelings away from that tumbledown farmhouse and focusing them onto what's truly important.

Revving the mule he follows the track, instinctively avoiding the potholes, and before long they arrive in Gainsborough which is looking shabby and desolate -- a real ghost town now.

"Can't say as I'll be sorry to see the back of this place," says Jayne as they ride slowly up the main street.

"Is there anything we need from here?" ask Simon.

Jayne pinches the bridge of his nose in a gesture reminiscent of Mal Reynolds. "Reckon we should check out all the stores before we go," he says, climbing off the mule and looking despondently at the razed remains of the mall. "There was plenty of gear in there I should have taken. I weren't thinking straight that day."

"The place was a health hazard," says Simon gently, trying to cajole him out of his mood. Jayne still lapses into guilt ridden remorse at the drop of a hat and Simon wonders how the man has managed to keep that hidden from everyone for so long. Maybe he didn't. Maybe Simon's been carrying his own baggage around for so many years he hasn't had time to see anyone else's problems. As ship's physician he should have tried harder. "Are we staying here for the night?" he asks.

Jayne frowns. "Was planning on heading straight for the mountains, but now you come to mention it it'd make sense to have a full day to go through the pass."

Simon's relieved. Even wearing three pairs of socks and sensible hiking boots his newly recovered feet are hurting like hell. It's not just him either. Jayne's chest is wheezy and he's been struggling for breath more than usual the past few days. Neither of them are particularly healthy specimens of humankind.

Pulling the mule to a halt in front of the mercantile, Simon climbs off and stretches his legs. "What do we need?" he says brightly, the idea of a night spent somewhere different filling his head with ideas.

Jayne furrows his brow. "You look for batteries, flashlights and any snack food we may have missed. I'll double check everywhere for ammo and gas for the mule then meet you back here in three hours."

"Come to the mayor's house." Simon points southward. "It's just back from the street. You can see its roofline over there."

Jayne follows the direction of Simon's finger. "Why there?"

"Why not."

"You," says Jayne folding Simon up into a tight embrace. "You're so gorram…"

Simon never does find out what Jayne thinks of him because the sentence has long since dissolved into hungry kisses. They were both too tired to fuck last night and an early rise this morning allowed no time for sex. Abstinence, however short term it might be, is one hell of a stimulant and Simon could quite happily fall on his knees here in front of the row of buildings with their dusty porches and peeling paint. He won't though because he has plans, plans that involve one of those giant four-poster beds he encountered last time he was visiting Gainsborough.

"I'll see you later," he says, carding his fingers through Jayne's hair and kissing him greedily one last time.

They pull regretfully away from each other and Simon watches the big man walk off in a westerly direction through the town then disappear inside one of the buildings. Once he's alone Simon turns and strides purposefully towards the mansion which looks even more derelict without its covering of snow.

"Ni hao," Simon says in murmured greeting as he enters the abandoned house. He's used to silence, but this place is so full of ghosts that he can almost hear them talking. Maybe it wasn't the best choice for what he has in mind.

Once the fires in the grates are burning fiercely the place begins to feel a little less creepy and Simon sets about shutting off the demolished parts of the house then cleaning the rest and making up the bed in Georgia Griffiths' room with linen found inside a closet in the laundry. For some ridiculous reason he feels that the mayor's deceased wife is on his side. She knew what it felt like to be in a relationship unacceptable to everyone around her.

Housekeeping done to the best of his ability, Simon then turns his hand to making some kind of supper for the two of them. Canned food is all that's on offer, but he's learned a few tricks since being marooned here. Seasoning the processed beef with a careful selection of dry spices he then prepares some pilaf rice to accompany it and after tasting the food and finding it to be surprisingly palatable, Simon looks at his watch. In less than thirty minutes Jayne will be here and there's an excitement building inside him that for once isn't only about the physical. However ridiculous it might seem Simon wants to bring a little romance to their lives. They like each other. They have great sex. They've even admitted to having feelings, but despite all this something's still absent. Simon wants to prove to himself, for once and for all, that this relationship isn't about two lonely men making the best of a difficult situation.

Mulling things over whilst on the hunt for extra candles, he discovers, with great delight, that the house has a small wine cellar. Simon's no drinker, but he remembers his mother and father being served decanted wines with their meals and it always seemed so elegant to him. The most memorable dates he's been on have involved fine dining, although, unfortunately, there was always a woman seated opposite him, putting a dampener on the evening.

Simon carefully lays the table in the den with silverware and crystal glasses and once this is done, his level of apprehension grows. Jayne will think it's stupid, wasting time on this gou shi when there are far more important things that he should be doing. He's about to replace the silverware in its box when the mercenary comes crashing through the door, bold and brash, filling the small room with his presence.

"Rutting hell, I can see why you like this place. The mayor was sitting pretty alri…"

For the second time today Jayne fails to end his sentence as he stares around at the candles burning in silver candlesticks and the extravagantly laid table.

"Ai ya!" He begins to pace back and forth in front of the fire. "I ain't never-"

Simon feels more stupid than he ever has done throughout his whole pathetic life. "Dui bu qi qing yuan liang wo," he interrupts, gabbling in formal Mandarin. "I'm an idiot." He collects up the knives and forks and is surprised when Jayne races around the table and takes a firm hold of his wrists, unclamping his fingers and replacing the silverware neatly.

"Listen to me, xin gan," the mercenary says quietly. "No one's ever done something like this for me. Ever. It was a shock, y'know."

Simon can't stop the grin forming on his face. Did Jayne just call him darling?

"We got some eats coming then?" says the big man, letting go of Simon's hand with an embarrassed smile on his face.

"We have," says Simon. "Nothing fancy though."

Jayne sniffs the air. "Smells good whatever it is," he says. "I'll go get washed up," and with that he turns and hurries out of the room.

Simon knows that his speedy departure has more to do with the rosy blush highlighting the man's cheeks than a need to get clean. Still, it gives him a chance to compose himself whilst serving up the meal. There was a moment there when his vision became wet and blurry.

By the time Jayne returns to the den the plates of food are on the table, the fire is newly stoked and Simon is pouring the wine. Sitting down he raises his glass. "Thank you," he says, watching the expression on Jayne's face carefully. "Thank you for saving me. Thank you for everything."

"Same goes for me, Doc. And whatever happens after-"

"Let's not talk about the future." Simon shakes his head. "Not tonight."

Dinner has a dream-like quality about it. Eating takes second place, both of them too busy talking to worry about what's on their plates. Every now and then Jayne reaches for Simon's hand and covers it with his own and it's during those moments that Simon's stomach lurches with happiness and he's so very glad he made this effort.

After the food has been eaten and the bottle of wine is finished they snuff out the candles then Simon leads Jayne to bed.

The embers in the grate are barely glowing and while Jayne is taking a lightning quick shower in freezing water, Simon stokes the fire with logs from the basket. "Xie xie," he says in a low whisper, staring at the awkwardly set tile that's been hiding a whole verse full of secrets.

After Jayne emerges from the bathroom and kneels shivering in front of the fire Simon takes a deep breath and faces the icy water. The jets from the shower sting like needles of pure pain, but the sensation is so powerful that it makes him bristle with energy.

When he returns to the bedroom Jayne is burrowed under the comforter waiting for him and, falling into those arms, Simon revels in the fiery maleness of Jayne's body and the bounce of the perfectly sprung mattress. Their first kiss is lingering and sweet and as they rock together Simon knows that this is going to be very different from usual.

*

Rays of light spear Simon awake through the gap in the drapes and he wards them off with the flat of a hand. Judging from the height of the sun it must be well past dawn. Wriggling, he enjoys the glorious ache that comes from being well and truly fucked and looks to his left at the man lying beside him.

Jayne is snoring quietly, still cocooned inside a deep sleep, and Simon rolls over, planting a kiss on the man's forehead then sliding down the bed. Breathing in the smell of their sex, he takes that hardening cock into his mouth and, languidly tonguing the fat knob, analyses the difference between fucking and making love.

At times, last night was harder and more urgent than ever before, but there were moments when the sex slow-burned with such power that Simon thought he was about to be consumed by it. They don't often call each other endearments or passionately declare their love, but there's something constant between them -- a connection of minds as well as bodies.

When Jayne begins to make these throaty grunts of approval Simon sucks harder and humps the bed sheets with pleasure. He loves to rouse the man this way -- loves to see the shock on Jayne's face when he wakes to a blinding orgasm.

Climax building, Jayne's fingers clutch at Simon's hair and Simon can feel his balls tightening in response. The thick cotton is abrasive enough to work him off and after a few more minutes of erotic play Simon's there, burying himself nose deep in Jayne's crotch and throating that thick shaft as the come jerks out of his own slit.

With an almighty howl Jayne thrusts rhythmically and the only downside is that Simon's so busy swallowing that he's unable to watch that bemused expression appear as Jayne returns to consciousness.

"You trying to kill me, Doc?" Jayne's words stutter out, punctuated by shocky gasps of breath, then with a sigh of completion he collapses back onto the pillow, dragging Simon upwards until he's spread over him like a blanket.

"I can honestly say I've not thought about killing you for a long time now."

"Feeling's mutual then," says Jayne, his lips brushing Simon's mop of hair as he glances at the gap in the drapes. "By the look of the light out there I reckon we should've been making headway a good few hours ago."

"It was worth it."

"It was." Jayne's happiness turns into an exclamation of horror as he moves his leg to the right. "You left a load in the bed for me to find, you hundan."

Simon buries his laughter in Jayne's neck. "What can I say? You know I get turned on from sucking you off." His words are muffled by a wealth of warm skin.

Unexpectedly Jayne wrestles him over onto his back and, keeping him pinned, runs a finger that's wet with cold spunk up Simon's bare torso. "Like that, do you?"

"Kind of do," admits Simon with a shy smile. He likes everything to do with Jayne and sex.

Jayne lets out this deep animal growl of satisfaction. "Never figured on you being such a horny one," he says as he stretches his body out to its full reach, "but much as I'd love to stay in bed, I'm thinking we ought to be on the move."

Simon doesn't argue. This short lived vacation of theirs was wonderful although it could never be described as real. Romantic dinners and all night love making sessions have no place in their brave new world. He listens as Jayne coughs up a lung on his way down the stairs and it's a reminder that he has one place left to visit before they vacate Gainsborough. Braving the shower again and, shaking off the droplets of water like a dog, he towels dry and pulls on the same clothes he was wearing yesterday. There's no point acting all rutting precious, as Jayne would say.

Whilst the mercenary's preoccupied, rummaging for breakfast in the kitchen, Simon slips out of the house and makes his way to the surgery, certain that last time he was here looting he'd spotted some containers of hydrocortisone and muscle relaxant in the doctor's small med vault. Jayne's lingering cough is a common symptom of post bacterial pneumonia and if Simon had access to Core facilities he'd be able to cure it with one dose of medication, but here things are very different. Even so Simon wouldn't be unduly worried about Jayne's state of health if it wasn't for the fact that later today they'll be climbing god knows how far up into those mountains. Strenuous exercise and an increase in altitude could well have a negative effect on the man's lungs so it's best to be prepared.

Simon's relieved to find that his memory isn't playing tricks on him. The pressurized vials and inhalers are still there stacked neatly on the top shelf of the vault and he takes several of each, stowing them inside his jacket pocket.

By the time he emerges from the doctor's surgery he can see Jayne pacing impatiently in front of the mule. It's not an unexpected sight, the man's as restless as a caged animal when there's action to be taken, and Simon approaches, preparing himself for the usual telling off.

"Don't they teach no manners on Oh-siris?" Jayne glowers. "Where I come from it's polite to tell folks where you'll be at."

Simon adopts a penitent expression. "I'm sorry. I won't do it again." He pauses and looks up at the man through his eyelashes. "You can spank me later."

Jayne's relentless pacing comes to sudden halt. "Teasing that way can lead to a mighty sore behind."

His blue eyes sparkle with interest and Simon can't help imagining what it would be like to be laid out across that big knee. Maybe he'll find out later. This relationship of theirs is like unwrapping layer upon layer of kink, something that Simon has never had the chance to experience before. "Sounds like fun," he says artfully.

"Soon as we make it across the mountains I'll hold you to that, Doc." Jayne grins a mile wide and slips his fingers inside Simon's waistband, pulling him close until there's no more than half an inch between them. "You got your revolver loaded?"

"Yes." Simon's used to the feel of carrying weapons nowadays. He cleans his guns regularly and even sharpens his knives using Jayne's whetstone.

Jayne nods his approval. "Got a full water bottle and plenty of spare ammo?"

Simon feels the irritation building. "I know what I'm doing."

"I know you do, Doc. I just want you to be safe is all."

They kiss slowly and sweetly as if they're about to make love again and all those kinky thoughts from earlier just melt away. Now Simon's full of different kind of urgency: eager to make it across that ridge, eager for the journey to be over and for them both to be safe.

This final effort at escape means that he's keeping his promise to River. If it turns out that there's nothing in Hartford to help them get away then they have no choice but to make the most of what they have here -- which in Simon's eyes is far more than he had when he arrived.