Reno loved this mission and was surprised that after his latest blunder, that he was even considered for this cushy assignment.

It wasn't his fault that the dude with Zack's sword got away with the Ancient. The guy had moves.

On top of that, Tseng rarely gave them cushy guarding job while the President was visiting the Honey Bee Inn. It was a well known fact that during the watch, Rude would be the one doing most – well all – of the work. Reno was not ashamed to say that his eye wandered.

Reno whistled as he was checking out the girl's buzzing…

~he loved that silly pun~

… around the Honey Bee Inn. He loved most of the cute little black and yellow fuzzy skimpy outfits. The ladies with their long legs and bellies exposed were always a wonderful sight, but he hated that they had a big frumpy piece of fluff attached to their back sides.

~stupid fake stingers hides their best assets!~

He was a butt man and had, on occasion, paid to see the bottoms hidden by the unsightly costume attachments. There was nothing quite like a well shaped bottom that fit into the palm of his hand, or watching it move beneath some tight cloth.

~squeeze or slap if I can get a chance~

"Well, hello there, sweetheart," he hummed as a very blonde athletic girl in a tasteful dress walked out of the Inn. She was dressed between adorable and sexy; with high heeled purple shoes, a snug purple dress that came down to her knees, painted red lips, glittery jewellery on her ears, and a diamond tiara in her braided hair.

~cutie~

The purple silky dress snugly fit over a very firm and tight looking ass.

~I could sink my teeth into that~

He watched the woman's ass move beneath the fabric and chewed on his lip. He pulled out his phone. If she wasn't so far away, he would have sent a picture of the perfectly round ass, but he settled for a message.

Check out the ass the blonde chick

He continued to stare and wished that he had a camera with a telescoping lens. It was the best ass he had ever seen. He was starting to fantasize how she would look in nothing but lingerie.

His phone beeped. Rude usually never responded back to his texts; after all, he usually sent at least twenty on a stake out and they were generally not work related.

Not a chick

~what the fuck~

He blinked at the message and pulled out his binoculars again. There was no way that the blonde was a guy. No way. He knew that the Wall Market as full of them but the blonde in the silky purple dress could not be a guy.

Not with an ass like that.

The blonde stopped as it looked like she was having problems with her shoes. He watched as she bent over, causing the fabric of the dress to tighten even more across her ass.

~yeah right, totally the hottest ass…shit~

He noticed the blond fixing her… his hair as it seemed to slip loose. She… he was wearing a wig! She… he… he… him…

He could almost hear Rude laughing at him.

~goddamn it all~

You've got to look at more than their butts