Chapter Three - Planning Party

Why can't we have eternal life, 
And never die, 
Never die?

"You missed your calling, Spike," Darla said, primping her thick hair. Spike had curled it for her and was working on Dru's. "You are an exquisite hairdresser." She favored him with a smarmy smile. "No wonder Dru chose your candy ass. And here Angelus and I thought she chose the first drooling idiot who came along."

"Suck me, Darla," Spike spat, reaching for a hair pin. He paused long enough to give Darla the two-fingered salute.

"No fighting. We're going to a party. Can't do that all bleeding and trailing entrails," Dru said crossly. "Have to be a big happy family."

"Yeah, the Cleavers, that's us." Spike snorted, pinning Dru's hair. He had it in six crisscrossing arches spiraling over the back of her head. "More like the Collins'."

"Who?" Darla asked, pulling on her silver metallic platforms boots.

"Barnabus Collins, Collinwood? Come on, you know, "Dark Shadows." It's a soap opera about vampires, witches and werewolves with a few ghosts tossed in to make it interesting." Spike said enthusiastically. He kissed Dru's bared neck as he put in the final pin.

"You need to get a life, Spike," Darla replied, rolling her eyes.

"Remember the big fiery ball in the sky, Darla? What should I do in the middle of the day other than watch soaps?" Irritation etched Spike's gaunt face. Dru patted his leg soothingly.

"Yes, I suppose bettering yourself is out of the question," Darla shot back. She gave him a superior little look as she leaned on her couch's back.

Spike growled and Dru held him down. "Be good, my bright star. It'll be like extra cake at your birthday tonight but we all must get along."

"I owe her a good beating for the outfits she put us in," Spike said, eyeing Darla evilly.

Dru whirled in her blue silk op art dress. The hypnotic pattern spun like a pinwheel as she moved. "I love my dress.'

"I know what you like, Dru," Darla said, watching the insane vampire dance.

"And Grandmummy is bright like the moon," Dru said, hugging Darla.

"More like a Martian," Spike said, studying Darla's metallic shorts and shirt. They matched the same silver as her boots, and a definite nod to the popularity of Science Fiction. He had to admit her ass and tits looked good in the tight silver material. Still her preferred Dru's op art dress. "She looks like she should be snogging Captain Kirk. And I don't see why I couldn't pick my own outfit."

"You have lousy taste," Darla sniffed.

"I do not. I have a few great outfits straight from Carnaby Street. A damn sight better than this nightmare." Spike rubbed his hands on the royal blue crushed velvet pants of his Edwardian suit. Darla had gotten him the inanely popular Edwardian throw-back complete with a stark white lace jabot and Chelsea heels. He hadn't worn anything this fancy and ridiculous since his mortal days. He couldn't see himself but he knew he was to look like a total wanker.

Dru pouted at him, rubbing her cheek on his shoulder. "Feels soft and wonderful, like the inside of a casket. You're handsome as a king, bright and glittery."

"You told me my hair looked good, too, Dru, and I was walking around looking like an electrified sheep," Spike grumbled and Dru whimpered. His face softened and he kissed her. She brightened.

"I love you no matter, in gilt or in gore," Dru said then smiled wickedly. "Gore might be better."

Spike kissed her. "I appreciate that, Dru, but that doesn't change the fact I look like a ponce in this."

"You look fine," Darla said wearily. Spike thought he heard her add under her breath, 'for a queer.' But he couldn't be sure. "Let's just get going. I want to find him. I don't want Grady to slip away."

"I was wondering what we're planning to do in such a crowded club," Spike said cautiously.

"Mayhem," Dru said, cheerily.

"And I'm all for that but this is a high profile place," Spike reminded everyone.

"You lecturing us about attacking high profile victims?" Darla laughed, slapping his shoulder. "If Angelus warned you about it once he warned you a hundred times. You never listened."

"I listened and right now I have to say he may have had a point," Spike said. "We don't need to go around killing someone famous."

Darla sobered up. "Good point. Hopefully we can sneak up on Grady," Darla said.

"Doubtful. Care to tell me how he knows you, Darla? That queered the deal at Woodstock," Spike reminded her.

"Sunflower, his little whore." Darla's face morphed briefly. "She's playing at least three sides against the middle. She pointed me out to Grady in the Village once. He might not know what I'm after but he knows it's something to do with him."

"Well, you're not likely to get close to him," Spike said, fussing with his jabot.

"Maybe he didn't get a good look at you, Spike" Darla said, not liking the idea of trusting her.

"No, I'm not the one to do this. Grimshaw likes women. I doubt he'll be able to turn down this vision of loveliness." Spike waved a hand at Dru who pirouetted.

Darla almost protested but stopped, staring at the pale brunette. "She does have her own inherent little magicks. Grady might be able to sense that. It would attract him and Dru has acted parts before."

"She can make him think she's someone else," Spike said. "Can't you, pet?"

"Oooo, games." Dru clapped. "I love games."

"I know you do, pet. Hell, you look so different tonight that I doubt he'll be able to recognize you from a hurried glance that he got at the Hog Farm. Dru should be able to get close enough to him to work her magic," Spike said, enthusiasm building with each word.

"Sunflower, you'll have to make him think you're Sunflower, Drusilla. Can you do that?" Darla asked.

Dru grinned, wiggling her fingers. "I'll sneak into his brain like smoke, make him see whatever he wants most. He'll want me. He'll tell me anything," Dru promised.

"Sounds like we have a plan." Spike smirked, draping a large hand over Dru's hip.

"Why does that make me afraid?" Darla moaned.

"Sod off," Spike said.

"Can we go now? I want to play my game," Dru said.

"Let's do it," Darla said.