The edges blurred and Cindy peered into the mirror with keen interest, watching his limbs and features and shades of color bleed into hers. Points of elbows, loose T-shirt, stiff spikes of blue hair. The clamps pinched her bloodless. Her anticipation lived in her feet. Her nostrils filled with bland hospital scent.

“Breathe.”

It passed through with no effort.

Cindy’s grip on the chair loosened. She watched the needle man in the mirror as he stripped off his black latex gloves. She felt dizzy. Her lip pulsed. The room took a deep breath. She touched metal with her tongue. The barbell was a tiny spear slipped through her lip. The skin around it began to ache.

She tested its resolve.

The little balls were tight, as if they alone bore the weight of memory. As if metal alone could pin down the pleasure of his thumb.

These sorts of places are antithetical to his nature: the crush of humanity, the seething stink of sweat, a cloud of vapors and cigarette smoke writhing at the mercy of the noise, blue notes hammered from a group of young men clustered on a stage. The lights are changing, always changing: blue, yellow, and red, coordinating with the pulse of the place. It bathes the crowd in shadows, draws a mystique across its evolving form. But this place is full of people and it is anonymous. It is also a restaurant and there are good ribs and fried pies, there is fresh cornbread, and he is hungry.

Chigurh is sitting at a table in the rear. People come in through the fire doors, high on the confident belief that they are sneaking in, stealing something, crashing this festival of ephemeral emotion. More than one grope finds its mark in the smoke-laced darkness, more than one breath is strangled with a kiss. They are far too young to be in an establishment that serves alcohol.

Chigurh eats with measured patience. There is a napkin tucked into his collar. He keeps his fingers clean.

Cindy is there. The arm of the gangly blue-haired guy is around her waist and his laughter is amplified by a flood of cheap beer. She huddles against him, as though she cannot stand on her own, but it is obvious to the trained eye that she is the one offering support, she is the one compensating for a lack of balance. The others spread out around them and congregate into a loose, gently swaying knot. They’ve caught the music like a disease. It eats into their limbs and disengages their spines, eroding all the posture crammed there by parents and elementary school teachers. The gangly guy stumbles and no one cares. They are given over to their abandon.

She is standing close to his table. He can smell her sweat mingled with the dead dregs of her perfume.

Chigurh pulls the napkin out of his collar. He wipes his hands with it and reams the sauce out of his fingernails.

While Cindy is stretching her attention between the band on the stage and the milling collection of her friends and the young man beside her, a skinny and sullen thing who cannot hold his liquor well, an individual who is threatening discord with every sip out of the Colt 45 bottle in his hand, Chigurh gathers the hem of her skirt to his palm. He does this with slow circumspection. He settles his chin into his other hand. The lights flash across his face. He releases the fabric and with one fingertip touches the back of her knee. He draws a languid line there. It originates at the tendon on the outside of her thigh, fades out along the inside of her calf.

He looks up at her face and sees her closed eyes and her parted mouth, how her head is lolling back, how her body moves in a slight undulation, a seismic event radiating out from her hips. Her friends dismiss it and blame it on the liquor, or the rapture of the music, or a blink of transient exhaustion. Beneath the skirt her legs are trembling. The gooseflesh on her calf is a switch, the popping and singing nerves of her body are the grid. Her body hums its own tune. Her attention uncouples from the young man at her side.

Chigurh withdraws his hand. She looks over and glances at him, then straightens her skirt and lifts her hair with one arm and looks again, letting her gaze sink into his. Someone bumps into her and she shuffles her feet. Someone passes between them. She holds Chigurh’s eyes in the changing darkness. Someone else slithers by, leading an exodus of drunkards. Cindy leans up on her tiptoes and tightens her arm around her young fellow’s waist. She says something into his ear. The guy laughs and nods, his head loose on his neck. Chigurh catches all of this in flashes. The action is parceled out by the stream of passers-by, images fractioned into sequence by a human strobe.

Cindy slips away.

Chigurh touches the napkin to his lips. He drapes it across his plate. He leans forward a little and fishes his money clip out of his pocket. He thumbs out a bill and anchors it with his water glass.

He gets up and walks out the back door.

“Don’t ruin it with words.”