Belial was always a little wary of chess. Not because of the game itself, of
course. It was where it had come from. As far as he could tell, it wasn't
from anywhere. But the Metatron had showed up enthusing about this brand
new game and wasn't it fun and weren't humans just precious. It was a
miracle in itself that the Metatron had been able to concentrate long enough to
teach anyone the game.

But he wasn't comfortable playing a game that presumably didn't exist yet.
He'd told Raphael as much before, but Raphael had just smiled and said that
linear time was just an invention to make sure one got to lunch on time. Sure,
Raphael could smile about such a thing. HE wasn't losing.

Belial stared at the chess board. "How does the little horse move
again?" he asked.

After concentrating on the jumbled explanation the Metatron had given,
Raphael had managed a somewhat more coherent explanation to Belial, which
primarily consisted of "The pawns go forward, the horses go funny, the
priests go angular, the towers scuttle around sideways, and the queen goes everywhere.
You're trying to take the king."

"What if I don't want to 'take' the king?" Belial had asked,
leering. "What if I want to 'take' the queen?"

Raphael had laughed that throaty amused laugh of his. "Then YOU can
sleep on the floor."

"Check," Raphael said. Belial snapped back to the present.

"Uh." He frowned. "What does that mean?"

"It means your king had better run to keep his ass out of my lascivious
clutches."

A few moves later, it was all over with a triumphant "Checkmate!"

Belial put his head down on the table and groaned. "I suppose this means
you're top tonight."

"Like I said, baby, lascivious clutches." Raphael was grinning
broadly and, loss smarting or not, Belial found that smile infectious.

He managed a look of long-suffering, however. "I suppose I have no
choice."

Raphael looked hurt, for some reason. "I'm hardly going to force..."

"Come here," Belial said, tugging him close, and Raphael's lips
moved against his after a moment of surprise.

Raphael was always gentle in bed. The Medicus. He probably couldn't be rough if
his life depended on it.
Sometimes, Belial wanted to scream Hurt me! Faster, harder, harder! Crush
me pin me until I bleed until I suffer and hurt! Hurt me hurt me hurt me more.

He loved it when Raphael would make love to him. To be truthful, he preferred
to be top, but despite that, he loved it when Raphael would make love to him.
The sexy half murmurs Raphael would pant into his ear, fingers that couldn't
decide where they wanted to be.

Harder, damn it, please, hurt me, hurt me, make me suffer

He rested his forehead on the pillow, muffling his moan in the soft feathers,
feeling Raphael's sweat drip onto him. He was going crazy, could feel his sanity
spin away like coiffured ladies on a dance floor, spinning, spinning, going
crazy from slow movements and from scent drifting around him.

Break me, please, break--

He opened his mouth to say something, anything, and found himself crying into
the pillow, shuddering, so close to release that he could almost taste it in his
throat. For a moment, he was a sore wound, open, fragile, and perhaps in that
moment he could break, could fly up or tumble down to crash, broken, to the
bottom of some great crevice, all depending on one right word or one wrong word.

"I love you," Raphael murmured, placing a kiss on Belial's
shoulder.

Belial's eyes flew open, fragile, flawed emerald green, and he came, choking
on whatever words he'd been planning to say.

They lay together, in the thick smell of musk, and soon enough this safety would
crack and they'd have to go clean up, so they lay together now, in the moments
of peace before activity would have to begin.
Raphael looked so peaceful, so sweet, that Belial decided to tell him his
decision tomorrow, now was too special to waste. He knew Raphael would
understand, go along with it, there was no other option, but even knowing, life
seemed so short right now, and he tugged the other angel closer, saw sleepy
amethyst eyes open, tranquil.

"Be mine forever," Belial whispered to him, into Raphael's lips,
holding close and petting like a small child, stroking Raphael's hair with
loving softness. "You'll always be mine, right?"

"Of course," Raphael murmured.

"I love you."

Raphael smiled. "I love you too." The amethyst eyes grew wicked for
a moment. "We must play chess again tomorrow."

Distaste. "It's just a silly human game, Raphael."

"I rather like it," Raphael said, startled.

Belial relented. "I'd play it to be with you, but..."

Raphael sat up, stretched. "We'll see, I suppose. Let's get ourselves
cleaned up."

That dusky bare back retreated, feathered wings sweeping out behind him, to
get a wet cloth, and Belial nodded, turning over to breathe in the scent of
musk.

Elsewhere, a beautiful golden-haired angel moved a chess piece. No opponent sat
across from him.
All opponents sat across from him.

"Check," he told the empty room, and smiled. In a few moves, the
game was his.