Even with the wonders that made up Wizarding medicine, Ginny was sidelined from playing Quidditch for nearly three weeks. It had been a spectacular exposition game, and the amount of press it received was amazing. There were donations aplenty, allowing Millicent to gather up the funds necessary to buy the ramshackle estate from Ginny's team owner and still have money left over to do renovations. The Prophet picked up on the purchase and ran a surprisingly positive article on page three, beneath the fold. Ginny's injury was on page two, and the Prophet gleefully saw fit to notice that the great Harry Potter wasn't at the game. Ginny had known that ahead of time; he had sent her an owl full of apologies and silly excuses about tracking his current suspect to Wales and having to remain there for at least two weeks undercover. He didn't owe her any explanations, of course, but still somehow felt obligated to come up with reasons not to be at important games. He had stopped showing up for them long before she had broken things off, which had been one of the telling signs that their relationship was failing. She simply had stopped being as important to him as his job, and he didn't seem to consider her feelings anymore. The hero had feet of clay, after all, and Ginny by now knew him for who he was. She would have fond memories of the times they did spend together, but she wasn't the starry-eyed little girl she had been once upon a time.
Draco had filled her flat with flowers and candy and books all meant to tide her over in the empty hours she wasn't allowed at Quidditch practice any longer. While the bones in her left shoulder would heal and regrow within days, it was the ligament damage that the mediwizards and witches worried about. She had pulled them when continuing to play, as she had done in the past, and it would take time for them to heal. Even with potions, ligamentous damage was the most difficult to heal.

He had offered to spend the time with her at her flat, but she had refused. It would have been nice to have him about to massage her back or some such, but she was also afraid of pushing their relationship in some kind of direction it wasn't ready for yet. They were seeing each other and had even dropped the dreaded L word. Ginny couldn't help but feel that if he practically moved into her flat during her recovery, some other threshold would be crossed.

It was bad enough that they weren't allowed to see each other in public without the threat of ruin. It was bad enough that she had to feel like a slinky tart running about the back stairs of the Manor or locking her Floo so that no one would catch him at her flat. Molly and Arthur had noticed the locked connection, of course, but Ginny had merely waved it off as times she was out doing errands and didn't want anyone scrounging around her things. Her friends tended to be out and about as well, and tended to use owls rather than Floo to find her. She was probably pressing her luck at keeping it locked for so long.

Ginny was tired of hiding, even if she understood why it was so very necessary.

Knowing that she was under the weather, Millicent had offered to come around to help with some light cooking and baking. She had actually become quite accomplished at both during her stay in Germany, and had picked up a few favorite Continental recipes that she was willing to share. Percy had apparently learned all about her culinary skills, and declared them to be almost as good as Molly's. Viola and Heather stopped by whenever Quidditch practices allowed and took her to the Muggle cinema or to Wizarding plays. They slept over a few times, talking about whatever was going on during practice. When talk turned to men, Ginny felt a twinge inside her chest. She couldn't discuss her relationship with her closest friends, and it was almost a physical ache. She wanted to gush about Draco's absurd yet endearing idiosyncrasies the way Viola talked about Horace. She wanted to make moony faces when thinking about kisses or the way he made her feel when he touched her hand. She wanted to go on double dates and have dinners at her friends' flats. She wanted to show him off as more than the selfish rake that the Prophet had painted him as, and she wanted everyone to know that he was hers.

Pansy took her shopping, of course. Diamonds were apparently the proper gift to give after Ginny's maneuvering of Chesterfield, even over her protests. There were more clothes and other accessories, even though Ginny managed to return three quarters of the unnecessary purchases. She bought ice creams and lunches and potted plants for Ginny's flat, and laughingly sat in the park near her building. Pansy stuck her tongue out at passersby that stared at them, dissolving into giggles when they turned away quickly.

"You're going to give me an awful reputation in the park," Ginny teased.

"I'm just so happy," Pansy chortled, clapping her hands. "I can't help it."

"And what are you so happy about?"

Pansy turned excited eyes to Ginny. "I wonder... Yes, I should tell you first. It's only fair, I think. Chesterfield will have to be a lousy third to know."

"Know what?"

"I'm pregnant."

Ginny's jaw dropped open. "Merlin's nose! That's wonderful!"

They embraced, and Pansy couldn't stop giggling with excitement. "I can't believe it, I can't believe it. I did the wand check twice, and even got one of those awful Muggle things to check yesterday. And it had that little plus on it!"

"I was wondering what you were up to in that shop," Ginny mused. "You stopped trying to get me to buy candy for five minutes."

Pansy merely grinned at her. "You'll be godmother, of course. I wouldn't want it any other way. And Draco for godfather, since I've known him since we were in short pants." Her eyes started to shine a bit. "You've been absolutely wonderful, the both of you. Oh, I know Draco thinks he'd been an awful prat in the past few years, ignoring me, but I didn't reach out to him, either. I knew he was just getting himself settled after. And you're a new friend, but you've done so much more to make me happy than any of those lousy girls I used to call friends in school." Pansy grabbed Ginny's hands and squeezed them tightly. "Say you will!"

"Oi! Get a room!" someone called out from across the park.

Ginny snorted with laughter along with Pansy and then threw an arm around Pansy's shoulders. "Of course I will, Pansy. Now let's go get some treats to celebrate with before that man expects us to snog."

"Nothing wrong with that, really," Pansy replied cheekily.

Ginny laughed and hauled Pansy up to her feet. "Come along. You're going to be somebody's mother now, and you've got to set a good example."

Giddy, Pansy laughed and followed Ginny out of the park.
***
The opening of the legislature occurred without any formality, as it did every year. All of the Ministers arrived and took their attendance. Summers were discussed with polite tones, and after some time the Lead Minister would demand silence to begin to address new business. Included on the fall docket were the redesign of the Ministry exits, Auror pay scales, Arthur Weasley's inheritance tax reform bill, Julius Wringlemyer's updated real estate guidelines (as underwritten by Percy Weasley), Thomas Suregood's and Arthur Weasley's property tax reform bill, Michael Howe's anti-discriminatory laws, the repeal of the Slytherin curfew and the subsidies given to the various public Wizarding hospitals and orphanages. As per tradition, all items of new business would be discussed in the order they were submitted, not in the order of perceived importance by the legislature. This prevented the long hours of stalling that the legislature had been subjected to in its earlier days.

Neither Arthur nor Percy could divulge any details about the debates on the legislature floor. All Ginny could do was comment that they seemed more tired than usual, and all they could say in reply was that there was "heated debate."

The debates lasted for three weeks, which was unheard of by Ministry standards. Most of the time, bills were brought before the legislature as a formality, as it was decided upon ahead of time. For this particular session of the legislature, there were actual bills being presented and actual debates being held for the first time. Real issues were being presented, and there were points to be discussed on each side. Ginny could only hope that the more outspoken members of each debate didn't simply steamroller over the weaker members. The future of the Wizarding world deserved better than to have extremists on either side take over.

Luckily, Ginny was allowed back on the field during the height of the debates. She threw herself into practice to take her mind off politics and to get herself back into her game. She set a rather punishing pace for herself to make sure she could still run feints using only her left arm for balance, and was pleased to discover that she could. If anyone noticed a pale blonde head in the stands at practices, they kept silent. Draco appearing at some of her practices, even if he had the excuse of relaying messages from Narcissa, was pushing at the edges of their agreement at secrecy. No one had whispered about it yet, and no one on her team thought it was odd. Ginny was sure that it would begin to make someone's notice, and not when she or Draco wanted it to be noticed.

Whatever this thing was, whatever it turned out to be, she didn't want it to be overshadowed by the threat of ruin or career suicide. Alone, they got along fantastically. Even when adding their parents' prejudices to the mix, they were able to come to some kind of mutual understanding and middle ground. The sex was fabulous and the best Ginny had ever had. Even Draco seemed happier to his friends, less biting and bitter. If that faint boundary of fear could be eliminated, then she could really see what it would develop into. She had spent the entire summer skirting the edges of propriety, feeling as if she was sinking deeper and deeper into something important with Draco. They loved each other, sure, but this was more than that, wasn't it? This had become something almost vitally important to her survival.

Looking back, Ginny couldn't even pinpoint the moment when that happened. The bond between them had just slowly grown to become an integral part of her. She could only assume that the same had happened to Draco.

The first legislative announcement of any importance involved the inheritance tax reform bill. The clauses that had been hidden in the current inheritance tax law stipulated that the Ministry could override the choosing of an heir if "unsuitable circumstances render such a decision to be dangerous to the state of society." The current law was now much more streamlined, without any such hidden clauses. There was a percentage applied to the bulk of the estate, with its monetary value set on a sliding scale. Smaller bequests, depending on the amount, could avoid the tax brackets entirely. There was no mention regarding heirs, Houses or state of society affairs any longer, as it should have been to start with.

Buoyed by the success so far, Draco organized a get together at Malfoy Manor for the next set of announcements. Given that the curfews hadn't yet been repealed, it was set to be an overnight stay for the guests. The move skirted dangerously close to allowing Ginny under the same roof as Draco, but she ultimately had to decline the invitation to stay with her mother. Given the way that Draco stared at her, it was probably the safest choice. She could practically see him undressing her with his eyes.

While she missed the Slytherins' response to the new real estate guidelines, she was sure it probably involved a lot of cheering. Again, mention of inheritance and zoning requirements no longer mentioned specific Houses or state of society affairs. All of the guidelines were now more egalitarian and straightforward, with less room to strong arm any particular group of people into economic submission.

For the property tax reform bill announcement, Ginny hosted a dinner party. She invited all of her friends, so her tiny flat was full to the rafters with people. Draco was actually a gentleman in front of everyone, though he did manage to duck into her bathroom while she was in it fixing her lipstick. He kissed it right off of her face and then innocently returned to the living room in time to hear that the reform bill passed with very little argument. As with the other newly written laws, there was no mention of House, political leanings or social standing associated with the tax brackets. Taxes were now gauged on the plot size, compliance with the real estate guidelines, home size, upgrades and Wizarding accommodations. It was possibly the most fair it had ever been, even with the recent war.

The anti-discriminatory laws and the repeal of the Slytherin curfew were announced on the same day nearly two weeks later. To everyone's surprise, both passed.

Suddenly, Ginny could feel as if a weight had lifted from her chest. They had done it. All of the effort from the summer had been useful. That chance comment she had made to Draco in the spring had done something after all.

Hope was a beautiful thing, and the entire Wizarding world now had it in spades.

Amelia Howe had done the majority of the planning for the first Ministry ball. She and Stella Flaherty were two of the more socially prominent Ministry wives, and their husbands were at the forefront of recent changes. Minister Flaherty had more bills entered into the prior session, but his expertise had helped to tip the balance in the tax reform debates that Arthur Weasley had spearheaded. He was a Ravenclaw from the old guard; the recent Death Eater debates didn't factor in his ideas for reform at all. He was concerned only with the bottom line and how it would affect government. Now that the tide seemed to be turning from ostracism, Minister Flaherty could once again push for evenhanded taxing brackets and penalties that would ultimately be of more benefit. The ball was primarily to introduce the new anti-discrimination laws and to formally kick start the Season. Out of politeness, the Season never started until the Ministry's most pressing legislation debates were finished, so this year's Season was beginning much later than usual. To make up for it, Amelia and Stella were going all out in the planning of the first ball.

The entire Ministry of Magic was present, as were the very haute monde of the Wizarding World. Pansy had of course declared that Ginny couldn't wear her prior gown again, as it had already been seen. Following along, she had allowed Pansy to buy her another Rosewear gown in deep emerald and silver. After the fact, Ginny couldn't help but realize that her dress was in the same traditional Slytherin colors. At the time, she had only been thinking that she would leave her hair down around her shoulders, and the red would contrast nicely with the deep green color. Draco, she knew, would find every excuse to make fun of her loyalties once he discovered the color dress she planned to wear. Pansy had thought it was a terrific joke.

On further thought, Ginny figured this would be the perfect time to take her relationship with Draco public. She no longer wanted to hide. She knew that Draco would wait until the end of the world, concerned about her reputation and the reputation of their charity. If anything, this was something that would be considered perfectly natural. They had been working together all summer long with the charity, and with the current season were working on Helping Hands' orphanage and school. Of course they were together all the time, and of course this would be something that had naturally progressed with proximity. No one would necessarily guess that they had been shagging each other silly since early summer, waiting until public approval was even remotely possible.

Now this was the opportune moment, a Ministry ball celebrating a new set of anti-discriminatory laws. Slytherins were acceptable again, or at least not worthy of outright disrespect.

Ginny took Draco's arm to enter the ballroom. His eyes flashed a warning, his quicksilver eyes darkening to a stormy gray. "Are you sure about this?" he whispered, concerned. Ginny wanted to push the furrows from his worried brow, but restrained herself. They were almost at the grand entrance to the ballroom, and it was too intimate a gesture to make. "There's no going back once you do this."

"I'm sure," Ginny told him.

"I don't want you to regret this," Draco continued in a low tone. There was concern etched in his features, worry coating his voice. It almost hurt to hear the fear in his tone, that he was so afraid their relationship would crumble to pieces if exposed.

"I regret nothing," Ginny told him honestly. "I love you."

Draco sighed and placed his hand over hers on his arm. "I know." His voice dropped to barely above a whisper. "It's because I love you that I'm saying this. It's not too late to stop it. We don't have to go through with this."

"I want to," Ginny insisted firmly.

"It's one thing if it's just between us, if it's hidden. They won't let it go if it's public. This can't be something easily swept aside if something goes wrong."

She smiled at him, loving and serene and at utter peace with herself. She had been sure about this for a long time. "Draco, stop being such a nervous ninny. I love you. You love me. We've been only too ready to let our friends and family know. Let's go give them all something to write about in tomorrow's Prophet, shall we?"

"I'm pretty sure you don't mean shagging you up against the wall," Draco muttered under his breath. His eyes were dancing, though.

Ginny laughed, shaking her head. "That's for my flat, you," she teased. Her laugh slid into a smirk as she watched his eyes darken with desire.

"Wench," he hissed playfully. "You're going to leave me aching all night."

She squeezed her fingers around his forearm. "You're going to have to punish me, then. I'm planning on being such a bad, bad girl."

Draco sucked in a sharp breath but couldn't reply. Now they were entering the ballroom, and anything he said could be heard and repeated. Ginny knew what he was thinking and wanted to shake with laughter. She wanted to feel his hands across her back and his lips on her pulse. She wanted to feel him inside her, wanted to see his control shatter as he came. She wanted to feel his arms around her as she fell asleep, his limbs all tangled with hers the following morning. She wanted to dance under the stars and have the entire world know that he belonged to her and she was his. She wanted to have that feeling for as long as she could, forever if at all possible. She wanted this feeling to last for all eternity.

At the moment, it really felt as if this was possible.

As they stepped into the light of the dance floor, eyes never straying from each other, Ginny could hear the whispers starting all around them.

She kept smiling.
The End.