It was quite a while later before Viggo got off the phone with Kate.

He had been singularly unsuccessful in helping her at all, which quite disturbed him for some reason. He had the feeling that he should know what was going on in Orlando's life, should still be an integral part of it, even though they had not really spoken at all recently and it had been years since they were really close in reality.

In his dreams they were still close, had always been and probably would always be, too. But in reality - no.

No, he didn't know where Orlando had gone, couldn't even guess where he might be. He'd promised to ask around, though, maybe one of the hobbits had a clue, as far as he knew they were closer to Orlando than he was these days.

He had also agreed to meet Kate for coffee in the afternoon, to pool together what they had found out and to see if they might not be able to come up with a solution or a clue, a place Orlando could be.

Not that he was worried too much - Orlando was more than capable of taking care of himself - he wasn't a baby, after all, and since, according to Kate, he'd left a note that he wanted to be away from it all for a while Viggo had more than half a mind to simply let him be and told Kate as much.

He was still going to meet her, though - he was interested in what the woman sharing Orlando's life might be like - and more than a little jealous, as well.

He wanted to dislike her, but she seemed like a nice and decent girl so far.

She'd also told him that Robin Baum, Orlando and Kate's publicist, had talked about getting the police in on the search, and he'd volunteered to help come up with arguments to dissuade her from doing so.

Even if it was done on the quiet and without anyone the wiser, which Viggo doubted to be possible, Orlando would not be pleased with it at all. He'd earned himself the right to simply go away without people hunting him down.

In Viggo's opinion, Robin was far more annoyed and angry with Orlando for vanishing and getting out of her clutches for a bit without her previous consent than worried for his safety. He had labeled her a rabid control freak a long time ago, and seen no reason to change that opinion of her since.

So, he was meeting Kate and was both looking forward to it and dreading it. Anything connected to Orlando was good, as his sad collection of gossip papers proved, but meeting his girlfriend and thus burying whatever faint hope there was of getting him back one day by the truth that Orlando had moved on standing right in front of him was bad.

+0+0+0+0+0+

The café they had chosen to meet in was a small and quiet one, known for its discretion and quiet corners to talk in. They both knew it, so agreeing on a booth to meet in had been no problem - neither one of them wanted to chance meeting in front and going in together - the last thing either one of them needed was gossip about the two of them being seen together.

Kate knew what Viggo looked like, of course, but as he approached the table she had to admit that photographs did not really do him justice.

He radiated an incredible presence and poise, and his eyes up close just had to be an incredibly warm blue. She'd bet they'd crinkle most charmingly around the corners when he smiled. It was easy to understand why Orlando had fallen for him, she thought to herself as he approached the table.

Now she'd have to see what in his personality had kept Orlando - so tightly in fact that he still yearned for him years later, to the exclusion of anyone else in his heart.

She'd see what she thought of Viggo Mortensen, if he was worthy of Orlando, and then she'd decide whether she'd try to get them back together or not. She loved Orlando dearly as a friend, and she'd be dammed before she did something to hurt him even more.

No, Viggo Mortensen would definitely have to pass her test, or this would be the first and last time they'd meet.

All this flashed through her mind in the time it took him to walk up to the table to her, and she took care to show nothing of these thoughts in her expression as she rose to meet him, carefully smiling a friendly smile as she shook his hand.

His return handshake was nice and firm, but the uncertain smile and searching look on his face confused her for a second, until she realised that, if he still had feelings for Orlando - which she sincerely hoped he did, for Orlando's sake - and thought her to be his girlfriend, he was bound to be critical and probably sincerely wanted to dislike her. Well, she planned to give him little reason to do that, if all went as she had planned. "Thank you for coming, Mr. Mortensen. I’m so glad you had the time to come here and meet me."

He sat down opposite her at the small booth and his smile turned more determined with his reply: "Please, call me Viggo. And I always have the time to help Orlando or one of his friends."

He seemed completely sincere, which pleased Kate. So far, so good! "Call me Kate, then, Viggo. After all, we are collaborators of a sort now, aren't we?"

‘Even if you don't know the extent of it’, she thought, hiding a smile. ‘Collaborators, indeed.’

+0+0+0+0+0+

Orlando really liked it here, he had to admit. The weather was nice, sunny but not too warm, with a fresh wind blowing. The house he had rented was very nice, small and cosy with a living room, a small studio kitchen, three bedrooms and a bathroom with the one luxury of the house, a hot tub.

It had been more expensive for that, but it wasn't like he was short of money, now, was it? Short of private time and being his own person, maybe, but he could have rented a castle for his holiday if he had wanted to.

There had been one in the prospectus of houses to choose from at the agency, but while it had made him smile to think about living in a castle for a week, he had not given it any serious thought at all.

He was no prince, and eleven bedrooms, two pools and three dining rooms seemed plainly ridiculous for one person. And lonely as hell. Too many halls to haunt, where there would be no sound but his own footsteps to break the silence. No, this house with its warm wood furnishings and colorful carpets on the wooden floor suited him just fine.

The beach was only a three minute walk away, through a small wood and over the dunes, and he had only met two early morning swimmers on his sunrise stroll. Sidi would have loved it here, he was sure of it. He missed his dog, but knew that taking him had been out of the question. No, Sidi was safe with Kate while he strolled the beaches here alone.

Or went to do some shopping, as it were.

The woman in the holiday agency had given him a map and marked out some small local attractions as well as shops, and one of them seemed to only be a ten minute walk away. He could have taken the car that he'd rented at the train station, but he decided to walk - he didn't need more than he could carry, and the morning was so nice and he really yearned to be out and about, after spending all of yesterday on planes and trains. No, air was what he needed, then maybe a nap to get over the jetlag quickly, and then a nice long walk on the beach.

Yes, that definitely sounded like a plan.

+0+0+0+0+0+

"So, you are saying that Orlando has vanished and no one knows where he went. And you think I might know where he has gone?"

"Well … in a nutshell: yes."

He looked nice when he was confused, Kate decided. And he definitely seemed to be confused now. Which she could understand - she knew he and Orlando had not talked in months and before that not very often.

Now he looked contemplative for a moment and then seemed to decide against a question he wanted to ask, and opted for, "Well, I don't know where he might be. We've not spoken recently, Orlando and I ..."

"When was the last time you spoke?" Kate asked, genuinely curious.

Viggo smiled, seemingly amused by the memory. "In February, I think. I called him, out of the blue. I do that with people sometimes." He laughed. "I saw this shirt that reminded me of him, of how he was back in New Zealand. He would have loved it then. Pink with blue dots and frills. Absolutely outrageous. You'd probably go blind if he was around you wearing it. Or you'd wish you were blind. I just, you know, called him, not thinking about it. Just like that." He paused. "He laughed when I told him about it, said he'd have loved it, but that Robin would probably have a fit if he wore it now and that we all changed and things changed and ..."

His voice had grown lower and now Viggo seemed uncomfortable. He shrugged. "So, yeah, that's the last time we spoke. Things change, indeed."

Kate had had to smile at the description of the shirt, knowing for certain that Orlando would have loved it. She had put a shirt Orlando had left lying around on the couch back into his wardrobe once and knew that behind all the serious black and white shirts and clothing he wore these days, carefully preserved and obviously cherished, were the colorful shirts he had used to wear. "I am sure he would have loved it, Viggo."

"Yeah, once he would have." Viggo shrugged. "Now, I don't know. Talking about it seemed to make him uncomfortable. Or talking to me about it, anyway."

“So what did you do?”

Viggo shrugged yet again, looking down, not meeting her gaze. “What can you do? Said sorry, gotta go. Then like a fool bought the shirt anyway. I still have it. . . .”

He stopped rather abruptly and Kate thought that he'd probably just told her more than he had planned or wanted to. And he’d bought the shirt. ‘And kept it’, she thought gleefully. Things were looking good, indeed.

She made a decision to be up front with him: "Viggo, listen - I know we've only just met and our only connection is Orlando, and that you will probably not appreciate me being so frank about all this, but I will be honest and straightforward with you, okay?” He looked at her, studied her for a moment, and nodded, clearly unsure where this was going, but willing to go along. Kate took a deep breath. ‘Here goes nothing,’ she thought, and went on: “I called you and asked you if you knew where Orlando went, I thought you might know where Orlando might have gone, because I know how close the two of you once were. He told me."

Viggo looked an odd mix between uncomfortable and relieved.

For a moment Kate almost feared that he'd leave, but he apparently decided on the relieved bit. He blew his breath out in a deep sigh, looked down to study his hands for a moment - a moment in which Kate keenly and to her own amazement missed the look of those blue eyes - and then looked back up at her and said: "Thank you for that, Kate. Thank you for being honest. I won’t deny that I don't still have feelings for Orlando, but I want you to know that there's truly been nothing between us since New Zealand. We're not even friends anymore, really. So I’m not holding back when I say I don't know where he has gone.” He went on, his voice lower, hesitant: “We're not even friends."

Now he definitely looked sad, Kate thought gleefully. And he was being open with her. Good!

"I know, Viggo. I am, for lack of a better word, heavily involved in Orlando's life. While I in no way know everything he does or everywhere he goes, I do think I would know if he was seeing someone else, seeing you." And, oh, would I know if he was seeing you, baby! He'd be over the moon ecstatic and probably unable to stop grinning for weeks! "But thank you for being honest, too."

"Well, the least I could do, isn't it? Truth for truth. And I don't believe in lies or covering things up."

Kate smiled. "Yes, Orlando had told me quite a bit about your political opinions and how outspoken you are about them, so I didn’t think you would be anything else. Good for you. I wish I was as courageous as you."

My god, I bet he just about almost blushed, Kate thought, amazed. Shame he settled for the slightly embarrassed smile, nice though it is. So, Orlando speaking nice of him can make him blush. Good, good. This was looking better and better. Now she really needed to find out his feelings about Orlando. That's what it all depended on. ‘Please Viggo, please...’ she mentally crossed her fingers. ‘Time to get back to the topic, then.’

"So you don't know where Orlando might be?"

"Like I said - no, no idea. Sorry. I checked with Sean and two of the hobbits, but they don't know, either. I didn't know who else to ask without arousing suspicion. Have you spoken to his family?"

Kate nodded. "I have. His mother knows he's gone away, too. But no one knows where." Oh, she was going to hell for her lies, she knew. But it WAS all for a good cause and that's what counted, wasn’t it?

"Now, I’m not worried about him, but I would like to know where he has gone, just to be sure he is okay. And I really want to stop Robin from trying to find him. If he needs his time off as badly as he thinks he is doing, Robin is the last person he needs on his trail, useful though she is."

"Useful, yes," Viggo grimaced. "Useful at turning you into someone you never wanted to be, maybe. Useful if you want someone to take over your life and leave you no freedom. Useful. Like a hyena," he paused. "Ah, but then you are with her too, aren't you? Sorry. I got carried away. I don't appreciate the system too much, as you probably know."

Kate smiled. "I know. And I am aware that Robin can sometimes be a little too, ah, persistent. Hence my reluctance to help her in any way with this."

Yes, he definitely had nice crinkles around his eyes when he smiled, and his eyes turned the most ravishing blue then. Oh, she so understood why Orlando had fallen for him. And he was nice and intelligent, to boot. It was almost enough for her to go for him herself, she thought. Not that she would, but she definitely was a little envious of Orlando. What a fool to not have grasped such a treasure with both hands and not let it go. Men!

"Has he taken Sidi?" Viggo asked suddenly, curious.

"No, he hasn't. Sidi's staying with me. Why?" Kate replied, wondering where he was going with this.

"Just thinking, you know ... whether he's taken a plane and where he might have gone. I think if it had been possible to take Sidi, he would have. So he's probably not in the country anymore."

Kate nodded. That made sense.

"But, no, that's all guesswork. I once thought I might have known how Orlando thinks, sometimes, but I don't anymore." He grimaced. "No idea."

Silence reigned between them and they both studied the remains of the coffee in their cups.

"You might try asking Ian, Kate. There were some things Orlando would talk about only with him, in New Zealand, towards the end. Maybe they still are close."

Kate nodded. She knew what Orlando had talked to Ian about in New Zealand, at least some of it, what Orlando had told her. Most of it had been about Viggo and being gay in the movie industry. About coming out and careers and all that. Nothing had come of it, obviously, since Viggo was here and alone and Orlando in Denmark and alone, but she knew Orlando had thought about it all intensively then. Before he and Viggo drifted apart. In the good days, as Orlando called them.

"I might try that, yes. That's a good idea, Viggo. Thank you."

He drained his coffee. "Always glad to help Orlando, as I said. Or you," he paused. "I know this might sound strange coming from me - and it might be a bit up front and honest and all that, you know - " they both smiled at the reminder of her earlier statement " - but I just wanted to sat that it was good getting to meet you, Kate. From my impression of you now you do seem like a truly good person, and ... I am glad that Orlando has found you. Has found someone good to be happy with."

He had looked at his hands, not her, when saying this, but now he looked up to meet her gaze and she saw the sincerity in it. Sadness as well, so much sadness and regret, but he was being sincere.

Her heart went out to him then - if he still loved Orlando, like she suspected he did, this must hurt, saying it. She wasn't sure she would be as gracious if their positions were exchanged. She hoped she would be, but she wasn't sure she could be. This was one hell of a guy.

One hell of a guy who also made motions to leave, she noticed. Not good. She wasn't done with him yet - and she really needed him to stay a little longer. She hoped she could make him stay.

With a start she realised that he was still waiting for a response from her. What an awkward moment to drift into thoughts!

"Thank you, Viggo. I appreciate that. And I can only return the compliment. You seem like a terrific guy. If we were single I'd go for you myself, you know?"

He laughed at that, a nice, full laugh that had nothing artificial about it. "Thank you, Kate. I'd take you up on it, but you do seem to be taken ... and I'd never do something like that to Orlando. Never. I'd never hurt him on purpose."

Ah, you don't know how good that is to know, Kate thought. ‘Strike!’

Kate studied him, intently, wondering what to do now. He looked back, curious what was causing this intense study. She decided that it was time to take a risk. Otherwise he would leave now, and she really wanted to help Orlando.

She only hoped he could forgive her if it didn't work out the way she hoped it would.

She took a deep breath: "Are we still being up front and honest with one another, Viggo?"

He nodded, confused. "Sure. We can be. Sure. If you want?"

"Good. Do you need to be anywhere soon?"

"No. I have the rest of the afternoon and evening, if you'd like."

Kate nodded. "Good. I would. What do you say we get some more coffee - and then I really need to ask you something. And tell you something, maybe."

"Sure," Viggo replied. He had no idea where this was going, but willing to go along with it. He was intrigued.

+0+0+0+0+0+

Orlando's feet hurt.

A lot.

The woman in the tourist information had told him that there was a lovely walk leading from the town he was staying in to the tip of the island, along the beach. A couple of hours of good walking in the sun, with the sun shining on your back and on to the hat you were wearing, along the shoreline.

Letting the waves and the sound of the ocean and the wind on his face soothe him had sounded like an ideal way to spend the afternoon, but clearly he was not used to walking on sand for a long time. Other than that, thought, he was having a great time.

He let his thoughts wander, watched the seagulls fly overhead and the sandpipers playing tag with the surf, and the water lap around his feet. His trousers were soaked up to his ankles from waves he had not been able to evade in time.

This was the life, he thought. He could do this for weeks. Just letting his thoughts drift where they wanted. No one who wanted anything of him, not needing to be anything other than he was, not needing to smile when he wanted to frown, not needing to be polite to stranger after stranger. This was definitely good.

He was carrying some sandwiches he had made with the bread he had bought earlier, as well as two apples and two bottles of water. He could have dinner right here on the beach, if he liked. Or in the town he was walking to. He could walk back or take the bus home. Decisions, decisions. And all of them his and his alone to make. Bliss.