The next few weeks Lance found that he was always alone, he had taken to sleeping in the King's chambers after the banquet as it was expected of him but Joshua was hardly ever there to notice. Lance found that Joseph reappeared after a few days and together they would explore the castle, Joseph explained some of the finer details of activities going on around the castle and the pair became good friends.

Lance also began to discover the other 'tasks' that the King expected of him. Joseph introduced him to other men that were lesser generals, landed gentry of no great importance and servants of the castle and Lance was beginning to realise that they often looked to him for advice or permission. He undertook the task with the honour he was sure would befit the position and the men were glad of his help, with his guidance crops increased and there was less dissent amongst the slaves. Many of them could see why the King had chosen this gentle but intelligent man as his companion and many could also see the aesthetic reasons for it too.

It was almost two weeks since he had seen Joshua for anything other than sleep and Lance was wondering if his lordship was going off of him, Joseph was scarce that night as he explained that he had work to do (although he was not forthcoming with information over what the work was) and so Lance returned to the chambers expecting to eat yet another meal alone. He was surprised therefore to find Joshua already seated and waiting for him.

"My Apologies my liege, I did not know that you were going to be here tonight." Lance said as he looked despairingly at the drab day clothes he wore, he had some much livelier tunics and he was sure that one of those would have pleased the King more than the rags that he wore.

"It's okay Lance, I am the one that ought to be apologising for neglecting you so, I thought that we could eat together and then get an early night." Josh said, the overtone of what he meant clear in his voice.

He had missed his slave, not only the cuteness of his face but the constant companionship of having him at his side and the warmth of the man in his bed. Christopher was his oldest friend but Lance was the one that understood the pain that he felt at the depths of his soul and it was that kind of bond that he had so craved. Chris was his man at arms but Lance was his companion, the two purposes did not mix and were not interchangable.

"My Lord." Lance said with a gentle bow, Josh pulled Lance to him and held him close, knowing that he would not be able to make love to him but that he could hold him all the same. He did love his companion, with more than a deep respect or a friendship but his heart had never really healed after his ladylove died and he was not able to reacquiant himself with those feelings with Lance.

"Let's eat." Josh said as he let go of his companion and allowed him to sit, he was troubled by the growing frustration he felt at not being able to express his feelings. Maybe he ought to let Lance go free, surely that would be the better thing to do.

----------------

Lance was more than happy at the fact that his Master seemed more attentive, Josh was around more after their meal and had spent some time talking with him about what had been happening around the castle. The king was pleased that his companion had undertaken some of the more rudimentary tasks that had bored him as a ruler and was dealing well with the pressures of court. There were gifts too as Josh became more devoted to his companion. There were books that Lance had not read, choice selections of sweets and delicacies to choose from and all manner of things that would spoil a less humble man. Lance did not know what he had done to please his master nor did he know that the gifts were more to assuage his Master's guilt but he was content to live as he had without pain or hardship.

Life in the palace was good and continued for several weeks with little upheaval, the courtiers were content with how things were and were getting used to having a second person to take orders from again. King Joshua was making more appearances than he had and had reinstated the public dinners that had once been so popular. Lance was readily accepted at his side and he too began to have a regular schedule of meetings and audiences so that people could come to him for the guidance they would expect from a man of court. Despite his origins as a slave he was readily accepted into the Kingdom as both the King's companion and his confidant; this meant that suddenly his opinions mattered and he was allowed to use the education that he had been forced to deny for such a long time.

Lord Christopher had disappeared off again on some new mission for the King, there had been whispers of it around the castle for a number of days after his departure but no one had spoken with Lance directly on the matter so he did not know where the other man was. Joseph was again there to help him take on the burden of his jobs and for a time things continued to remain the same, it was a life that Lance enjoyed and he had nothing to worry about.

It was only when Lord Christopher returned that the problems began. It was not an immediate problem, Lance was used to the King's worse moods and this had started out in the same way but when it had been a week with no reprieve from his Master's sorrow and grief he began to worry, not for himself but for the man he had come to know as more than his friend. Lance was sure that it was not his place to discuss it but he found himself outside Lord Christopher's quarters late one night after the drunken King had gone to sleep despite his best efforts to remain awake for just a few more hours.

Lance knocked twice on the large Oak doors, having already sent the extra guards away for the privacy that this conversation required. He waited patiently and was about to leave when the door opened widely and Lord Christopher came out, dressed in his tunic and full court regalia.

"Oh, it's you." He said, almost relieved. "Well then, I suppose you had better come in." He said as he checked the corridor, as if checking that Lance had not been followed.

Lance went in meekly, flinching as he heard the loud door slam behind Christopher. He wondered what price his concern would cost if he was caught in another man's room after curfew. Joshua did not like it but it made sense that all slaves slept at certain times, so they were confined to quarters between 11 and 6, this was definitely after that time. Christopher motioned for Lance to sit down as he lit he lantern in the main room and then took a seat himself.

"So, what brings you to my quarters this late at night?" Christopher asked carefully. "You do know that being caught out after curfew is a whipping offence, even in Joshua's Kingdom."

Lance looked at the floor and swallowed as he took in the words, but he had come here for a reason and he needed to get it done with, damn the consequences. He had taken a whipping before for much less and at least this may have some benefits to the King.

"I am worried for my Master, my lord." Lance said, hoping that the respect would win his Lordship over. "He is drinking heavily and sleeps all day." Lance said. "He does not appear his usual self either."

"It's not your fault Lansten." Chris said with a sigh as he thought over what the slave had told him and what he knew of Joshua's past. "And it's not something that can be helped."

"What vexes him?" Lance asked.

"It's an old pain…" Chris said, not sure how much he should tell. "You must have heard of the young Queen, well it is the anniversary of her death this week, he mourns her each year at this time and loses himself for a week or two before he returns to normal." He explained. "No one questions it and no one troubles him at this time."

"I am sorry for disturbing you my Lord." Lance said as he realised that he had come here without due cause. "I will accept any punishment that you think I deserve."

"Well then, I think that spending as much time as possible with your Master and not telling him of this little visit is in order." Christopher said with a smile as he stood to let the slave out. As he opened the door he saw that the slaves which Lance had obviously sent away were now back in place. "Ah, good." He said directly to one of them, the lieutenant that disliked him looked up but had a stern look on his face.

"Sir?" He asked gruffly.

"Would you escort this man to the King's chambers?" He asked. "We had a meeting which ran late and I fear that he may get caught out by a patrol otherwise, wouldn't want him punished for my lack of dilegence would we?" He asked, the soldier did not respond, instead he indicated that Lance walk in front of him and he would follow.

"What did he want?" A sleepy Joseph asked as he walked from the bedroom, wrapped in the linens from Lord Christopher's bed.

"I think he's just worried for the King." Chris said as he returned to his bedroom and beckoned for Joseph to join him, the other man went to the Lord and helped him strip down before joining him in bed.

"That boy will get his heart broken." Joseph said haughtily as he pulled the blankets around him to sleep. Christopher sighed, thinking back to a time once before and then kissed Joseph's temple.

"He would not be the first slave to fall in love with the man that owns his life." Christopher said, his voice reflective, almost sad. "I pray he does not get hurt as others have."

But Joseph was already asleep and was not listening, just as he had always done, he ignored Christopher in sleep as well as in his waking. Christopher sighed and settled in for the night but he found that sleep was an elusive prey that night and he could not help but worry what the next few days had in store for young Lance.

------------------

Lance's nocturnal visit to Lord Christopher did not go unnoticed by the King and he was sure to ask the young lieutenant that he had seen escorting his companion back that he was to be woken immediately if it happened again. Joshua did not punish Lance for his misdemeanour however, nor did he tell Lance that he knew of the indiscretion. Instead he knew that it was time to take action about the boy that had obviously grown very attached to him.

Joshua had not fallen for Lance, he cared for him deeply that was for certain but he could not spend the rest of his life with the man because he had once pitied him or because he reminded him a little of his ex-wife. It was not fair to him and it was certainly not fair on a man like Lance, not when the boy deserved so much more than he could give him. Of course Joshua could give him material wealth in bucket loads, he could give him the biggest jewels and the softest beds, the finest satins and the most expensive trinkets but none of it would be as significant as the love that he was unable to bestow on his companion. Lance deserved the chance to love someone that would return his feelings and Joshua wanted to give him that chance, however there was more than Joshua's feelings at stake.

There was a problem in that Lance had been accepted by his people, Joshua knew why because he was not only beautiful but had a business mind unlike anyone else he had known in his 25 years. Lance explained taxes to peasants that refused to pay them, dealt with landowners that harmed their tenants and mixed with aristocrats that would not deal with any other slaves. He was a legend amongst the slaves and got them and the rest of the people of the lands to work harder, produce more and thus enjoy more of the bounty. In short he was the monarch, or companion to the monarch that Joshua's lands needed, the only problem was that he was not the love of the King's life.

"Penny for your thoughts." Christopher said as he saw his sovereign looking out into the sunset, he had gone to look for his lordship when the servants told him that the man had been missing all day. Christopher knew where to find him, the slaves knew that he would. The pair had grown up in similar surroundings and Joshua made his hideaway in a place that only Chris could find. It had been a problem for his father, the former monarch, when he disappeared. Back then Chris had always been on hand to find the wayward heir, now he was performing the same duties for the wayward monarch.

"You could not afford them." Joshua said playfully, an old joke between the two.

"Try me." Christopher said in reply. "I've come into some money since I last asked." This was a new response and it actually brought a smile to the otherwise sad king. Chris always could make him smile, although after Bobbie's death there was a time when Joshua thought that he would never smile again.

"It's Lance. The people love him, the courtiers love him, the rest of the monarchs loved him and yet I can't seem to." Joshua said. "He deserves so much more than this and yet I have tied him down to me in a loveless, sexless union which will last for the rest of his lifetime."

"And he is falling for you." Christopher added, as if it was not hard enough on Josh already. Still, he supposed this was why he kept his friend so close. Despite his role as King Chris never gave him any lies or half truths.

"What would you do?" He asked, realising only after he had spoken the words that this was not the person to be asking.

"Take him out in the city. Visit some of the clubs you used to frequent as a young King and use the identity that you threw away so casually. Give him some fun and maybe find someone else to love him." Chris said.

"What then?" Joshua asked, his eyes twinkling at the thought of going to the dance clubs, the strip clubs and the other places that he was not supposed to go to but had done so all the same in his youth.

"Then you deal with it as only you can." Chris said cryptically. He did not want to give the man all of the answers, after all Joshua was the King and this would only work if the idea appeared as if it was his own. Christopher stood and held out a hand for his ruler, Joshua took it and let himself be pulled up to standing. They argued when Chris offered him his horse and Joshua refused.

"You rode out here, I walked. It's hardly fair for me to expect you to walk back." Joshua reasoned. "I'm the fool that came this far alone and on foot."

"And I am the fool that serves you, my liege." Christopher said. He took the reigns and made it clear that he expected Josh to get on and he would lead the horse. "You know that protocol does not permit us to ride together and if I were to ride with you at my feet…" He said, leaving the rest of it trailing behind. Joshua sighed and swore about etiquette, sometimes it was stifling being the King.

-----------------------

Lance was confused when he saw Joseph rushing towards him, the other man rarely interupted his conferences unless it was important and yet he was here, a wide smile on his face and not paying any attention to the overseer that Lance was currently talking to about his harsh treatment of the slaves.

"Joseph?" Lance asked as the other man came in and leaned over, coming close so that he could whisper in his ear.

"I heard a rumour that Lord Scott is in town." Joseph said with a small smile. Lance looked at him blankly and the other man frowned.

The overseer that was with Lance had obviously heard and his reaction was priceless, one of curiosity and awe. Not only because he had heard rumours of the sybaritic Lord Scott but because he had also not seen Joseph before, there were rumours too about this man but they were not ones that were repeatable around the castle for fear of retribution. Joseph may be a slave but he was favoured by the King and to speak ill of him would certainly lead to the type of punishment that was only rumoured to occur amongst slaves of Joshua's lands.

"My Lord?" The overseer asked, clearly questioning Lance. Lance shooed Joseph off to one side and turned his attention back to the matters at hand.

"So you will not use a whip without consulting the owner first." Lance said, summing up what he had said previously while seeking to bring this meeting to a close so that he could move on to other matters. "And you are not to geld slaves without the crown's permission."

"Yes My Lord." He said, a slight bow.

"Now leave us and pray that I do not have to see you again." Lance said, hoping that the severity of his tone would be enough. Part of the job that Lance hated most was having to punish those under him, after all he was a slave too, who was he to dole out punishments? Yet he had found out that it was part of his task as the King's companion and he took that role seriously even if it meant having to do the more unsavoury tasks, if it meant that he got to stay safe and curl up in Joshua's arms each night then he would take the rough with the smooth.

"I'm sorry, Sir." Joseph said as he moved back to the centre of the room, there was a playful tone in his voice as he used the title.

Lance rolled his eyes and indicated that Joseph took a seat. It was not the first time that the two of them had sat here and discussed matters of state. Joseph had a strange role in the palace and didn't really have any set tasks to complete but he was invaluable when it came to helping Lance out. Joseph had obviously been trained in matters of court as Lance had been and was a wealth of knowledge in the area as well as giving a second perspective on many issues.

"So, who is Lord Scott and what does this have to do with me?" Lance asked, wondering if this was yet another lesser aristocrat that he would have to meet with.

"You mean he hasn't told you?" Joseph asked. "Oh my…"

"Told me what?" Lance asked innocently.

Just as Joseph was about to speak the doors to Lance's meeting room swung open, only just stopping short of banging the walls they stood on.

"Lord Scott." Joseph said with a bow, Lance looked up to see his lord and master dressed in different clothes and with a dusting of make up that made him appear larger than life. There was a brush of gold on each cheek that made him glow as if he were an angel and he wore clothes of the finest leather and silk which in combination appeared decadent but impressively so.

Somehow Joshua did not look like the monarch of three large states, he was more akin to a dilettante lord who squandered his money and had no business at court save to further his own joys. Lance had to say that it was a changed look for him and one that the King seemed to carry off well.

"My Lord?" Lance asked, wavering a moment before moving to the King's side. No matter what others said this was Joshua. He would stake both his reputation and his life on it. How the other members of court did not see it Lance was confused.

"Hush Lance, don't give the game away." Joshua said quietly. A little louder he added. "Ah, so this is the companion that our Lord has told me so much about. King Joshua tells me that you have seen little of his Kingdom. That is something that we shall have to rectify immediately."

Lance was not too sure what was going on so he decided to wait it out.

"Joseph, tell Lord Christopher that I thank him for his kind offer of dinner with him and the King but that I feel it my duty to teach young Lance here something about the social side of court. I feel that my friend the King has neglected his companion's teachings, although I would thank you not to tell the monarch that."

Joseph bowed and then left the two alone, knowing that Joshua's order had also been a veiled order to leave them alone. Lord Christopher would be the alibi for the night. The King and he were to have a private dinner and discuss their plans for Mississippi, however while Christopher was alone in his chambers the King would be out as Lord Scott.

"My liege, what manner of parlour trick is this?" Lance asked, he felt Joshua take his hand and then bring it to his lips, kissing it gently before releasing it again.

"We are courting." Joshua said. "Lord Scott is an illusion I created in my youth to be allowed the freedoms that any other young man should have. I was tired of the rigidity of court and wished for a few more nights of joviality. The life of a King is suffocating. Joshua is having dinner with Christopher tonight so Lord Scott is free to take you out. I thought you might enjoy seeing some of the city, you have been stuck in this castle for too long."

Lance did not even pretend to understand what was going on but he did have to admit that it would be good to leave the boundaries of the castle that had become his gilded cage. Especially with his Master at his side.

Maybe they would find something in the city that would interest them both; maybe even someone. Lance blushed at the thought wondering when he had become so candid about his sexuality, not only was he considering sexual gratification but a menage a trois. That was not how he would have thought before coming to Joshua's lands.

Lance followed Joshua out into the hall and back towards their suite where Joshua had already picked him a strange leather outfit for Lance to wear that night. He was excited to get out of the castle but also apprehensive, not sure what to expect from the trip. He wasn't prepared for what did take place.

---------------------

The club that Lord Scott had chosen for them was decadence reified. It had just enough flamboyance without being too gaudy. Lance had never seen anything like it, he had led a very sheltered life in the country and hadn't been into a city so it was amazing for him.

"You like?" Joshua asked, leaning in close as he held Lance close. Joshua placed a kiss on Lance's cheek and then took him in to the club, skipping the queue and walking straight in.

"It's…" Lance tried as he took in the club, but he was speechless.

There was scantily clad boys and girls serving drinks and dancers on podiums and in cages, the music was loud and pumping and Lance could not help but get pulled into the atmosphere. As Joshua saw the smile that spread on Lance's face he too was smiling, he knew that this was the right idea. Now all he needed to do was find someone that Lance liked and they could invite him over for a drink or something.

Lance spent the next hour or so taking it all in, watching as various performers took the stage and went through their acts. Joshua spent more time watching Lance than actually watching the men and women on the stage. It was not until the end of the evening that Joshua's interest was piqued though.

"Tonight for your entertainment we have the final sale of the International Slaves." The commentator for the evening said. "First up we have the boy wonder, a dancer here at own club and known for his abilities on the podium as well as in the bedroom, I give you…Wade Robson."

Lance looked up at the exotic beauty that had taken the stage and his jaw fell as he took in the beauty of the other man. Wade looked a few years younger than Lance, but was well toned and buff. Lance could definitely see that this specimen would get a decent price and in some ways he felt a little jealous, a lot of the patrons of the club were wealthy bachelors that would no doubt lavish attention and affection on the young slave. Lance wondered if he would also get the sex that Lance himself was not getting. He was certainly good looking enough.

Joshua too had his eye on the young man that was on stage, he had a presence similar to a Lord would have and yet he was obviously not of royal descent. This good looking boy was nothing more than a slave and yet he so obviously had the potential to be so much more, just as he had seen it in Lance, Joshua saw an untapped source of energy within this boy.

"Come one, come all. Step up and take a look at this fine specimen, a virgin in the ways of men but a willing pupil in everything." The compere said.

This got Joshua's attention. The boy was a virgin, a little shy of his own raw potent sexuality and that would make him a perfect partner for Lance. His companion definitely seemed taken by the dark haired boy.

"Who'll start the bidding?"

"Five hundred dollars." Came a shout from the front, obviously one of the lesser patrons that had not gotten one of the better tables. He was laughed at by a few of the other men that knew that this boy would reach a lot more than that.

"Eight hundred." Came a second shout.

"We're talking ownership, not one night with the boy." The compere chastised lightly so that he could build a rapport with the audience and hopefully build up the bidding to a profitable price.

"Two thousand." A third voice put in, this time it was a well mannered gentleman.

"What are they doing?" Lance asked curiously.

Lance had never really seen a slave auction before. He was not aware of this type of 'meat market', where he came from slaves were traded not auctioned. Mind you, where he came from there were a lot of different customs that did not hold up in Joshua's kingdom.

"Shhh…" Joshua said, placing a gentle kiss on his companion's lips to hush him. By now the bidding was serious, two richer men were placing large amounts on the table and were obviously prepared to pay it.

"Seven thousand."

"Seven and a half."

"Eight thousand."

Joshua eyed the two, one was a well known brothel owner, only dealing in consenting boys he obviously thought that this boy could be trained to suit his customers, the other was a man that Joshua knew of only by reputation. He was from out of state and had a taste for pretty boys, unfortunately in his hands they did not stay pretty for very long. He was overzealous with a whip and known for his short temper.

"Ten thousand." The out of towner said, the brothel man back down, a small smile on his face and Joshua wondered if he was actually selling the boy and had just been bumping up the prices. Not that this was legal in his state, but as Lord Scott it was not his juristiction.

"Twenty thousand." Joshua announced. Causing a hush to fall across the entire room.

"Well now, I have a serious bid at the back of the room for twenty thousand dollars. Any final bids?" The compere asked, but he was almost certain that no one would outbid the generous lord. Especially if they knew who he was. Lord Scott had a reputation for being a man that you did not mess with and as a friend of the King it was almost certain that the reputation was one that would be upheld.

As Joshua stepped forward the hush picked up into light whispers and there was an awe as a few select people recognised the man that had been out of their Kingdom for a long while. Rumour had it that he had been exiled by the King but that was obviously untrue. If the King had sent him into exile then there was no way he could have returned, no one would mess with King Joshua like that. No one would be able to cross the King of their Kingdom and survive. Joshua was known as a fair man but if you did break one of his laws then you were punished severely.

The boy, Wade, shivered slightly as he heard the gavel strike that signalled that he had been sold. He stood frozen on the stage. Rather than ordering him to be chained or taken down, Joshua stepped onto the stage and reached out to stroke the boy's face.

Wade did not flinch as the hand came to his cheek and caressed him. He knew better than that. Nor did he pull away when Joshua pulled him forward, kissing him lightly and then taking the collar that was around his neck and unlatching it. All while he appeared, from the point of view of the audience, to be inspecting his new property. What Joshua was really doing was checking that his new acquisition was not damaged in any way and undoing the collar that he hated to see marking such beautiful skin.

"Would you like him delivered?" The slave master asked softly as the auctioneer spoke loudly about the next bid.

Joshua shook his head, reaching for a large cloak that he wore and wrapping it around the scantily clad boy. He felt protective of Wade already and he was not even sure if Lance would accept him as a lover. Joshua thought that if Lance did not want the boy that he may take him for himself, at least if Wade grew into the man that he had the potential to be.

Still, if Wade could be at least a companion for Lance then he would have partially succeeded, the seeds of love could be planted between the two or it could be merely a physical release. Either way they would both be getting what they deserved - someone to share the passions and pleasures of life with.

"My Lord?" Wade asked slightly confused as he felt the warm cloak wrapped around his shoulders and an arm settled around his waist. This was not what he had expected at all. This man was treating him as if he was a fragile porcelain doll, not a slave that was to be used for the man's pleasure.

Joshua waited until he had steered the slave a good distance away and up to the table that he had shared with his companion before he spoke. Knowing that Lance too would have a number of questions. Judging by the look on his companion's face Lance thought that he was being replaced.

"Have a seat, Wade, is it?" Joshua said softly. The last thing he wanted to do was scare the boy any further.

"Yes, My Lord." The slave replied, sitting on the edge of the seat that his master had directed and wondering why he was being treated this way. He had expected a club or a brothel, not a private owner, and certainly not one that would be this confusing.

"Wade, I am Lord Scott. This is a friend of mine, Lance, he is the King's personal companion." Joshua said. "Lance has a highly stressful position at the palace, it will be your job to see that he does not work too hard and that he takes time out of his busy schedule to relax."

Wade seemed a little shocked, this was not at all what he had expected. He had been groomed for service from an early age, but not service of a clerical role. Was that what this man was asking him to do?

"My Lord. I do not understand." Lance said, the hurt clear in his eyes too. Both of them seemed to misunderstand what he was saying so he tried to say it in a way that they would understand.

"Perhaps I did not make myself clear." Joshua said, trying to keep his tone hard as he did not want an argument in this place. "Wade is to be your assistant, but more than that your friend."

"My Lord." Lance said with a slight bow of his head.

Joshua's heart melted slightly as he saw the tension between the two. It was obvious that there was some level of sexual tension between them and a certain degree of confusion as they both battled like fish out of water to understand what was to become of them. Joshua leaned closer to Lance and caressed his ear with his lips.

"And if something more should come of it that would be okay too." Joshua said as he caressed his companion. Keeping his touches light and teasing but drawing some arousal from the younger slave.

When he pulled back Joshua was amused to see that Wade too had seemed interested in their interaction and was blushing slightly at what he had witnessed.

"My Lord?" A voice asked.

Joshua looked up and saw the man from before. The one that he had bid against in order to acquire Wade for himself and in doing so save him from this man's cruelty.

"I wondered if I might congratulate you on your acquisition and if I may ask the name of the man that outbid me for such a beauty." The man continued.

Joshua could see the way that Wade flinched as the man eyed him hungrily. Joshua did not want this man anywhere near his new purchase or his companion. In fact if he had a reason to he would have the man permanently ejected from his Kingdom.

"If I am not mistaken you are Lord Vaughn." Joshua said.

He prided himself on knowing all of the lesser lords of the Kingdom, especially those with hereditary titles that he could not revoke without good reason or those who would seek overthrow him. The other man nodded.

"I feel at a loss." The other man said. "It appears you know me and yet I was unaware of you owning land in these regions, I have certainly not seen you at the Palace for social engagements."

Joshua smiled, it was clear that Lord Vaughn felt put out by this interloper in his territory and was looking for some way to make himself feel better. Those that did not own land were seen as lesser in some respects, they had no estate or money and were Lords in name alone. Some made their money in business but were still frowned upon because they were not of blue-blood stock.

"That is not to be expected. You are right, I do not own land in this area." Joshua said, watching the man smile. Lance saw this and caressed Wade's hand absently, making Joshua smile. Lance was already trying to comfort the other man and they had known each other bare minutes, perhaps he had made the right choice after all.

"The King does not allow his emissaries and representatives to hold land. It would take too much of their attention away from the matters of state which it is their job to uphold." Lance supplied, causing Joshua's smile to widen.

As expected Lord Vaughn's attentions turned to Lance.

"And who might you be?" The man enquired haughtily.

"This is his highness' companion, Lord James." Joshua supplied, confusing Lance a little as he had never been referred to as a Lord, he was a slave, surely that was not possible. A slave could not hold a title or own land because of their station in life.

"Forgive my intrusion." Lord Vaughn said, suddenly paling. "Is his Highness with you?"

"Unfortunately not." Joshua added cooly. "He had urgent matters of state to attend to, and alas we too must be going. Lord Christopher is expecting us for supper and only a fool would upset the King's man at arms."

Joshua stood, holding out a hand for Wade and Lance followed, striding alongside Joshua as if they were equals, for a brief moment he thought that they were. When they got outside a carriage was already waiting. The King's guard had discreetly been watching from a distance for the whole evening and knew every move that the King, posing as Lord Scott, had made.

As soon as they were in the carriage Joshua burst out laughing and a moment later Lance joined him.

Wade was confused.

"My Lord?" Wade asked softly.

Wade wondered what was wrong and considered that they may have imbibed too much liquor. Joshua heard the worried tone and tried his best to calm himself enough that he looked sober. There was something important that they had to sort out before they reached the castle and people would again know him as King Joshua.

"Wade, from now on it is important that you address me as My liege." Joshua said. "I am sure that Lance will explain it to you later, but for the moment can you do that?" Joshua asked seriously.

Wade eyed the man for a moment and then paled significantly. He tried to sink to his knees but it was not working in the cramped carriage space.

"Forgive my impertinence your majesty, I did not recognise you." Wade pleaded.

Joshua found himself realising that the boy was clever, not just a pretty face. With each passing moment he was glad that he had chosen this boy for his companion. The two would be well suited, both in their personalities and as a couple. Wade unfortunately shared Lance's iritating set of values that made him think himself worthless. This was one of the few flaws in the boy that would have to be rectified.

"Wade, it is okay." Joshua assured. "And you do not need to bow or genuflect when it is only us. You will be no more slave than Lance is in private, that is why I removed your slave collar."

"My liege." Wade said. He returned to his seat but seemed doubtful that any of this was real. Joshua supposed that it must be a lot for the young slave to take in, he was not expecting this when he had been taken to the auction.

"And you may call me Joshua." He added.

"Joshua?" Lance asked, testing it himself. "Back there, you told his lordship that I was Lord James…"

"As you are." Joshua said. "Lord James Bass of Mississippi. Lord Jackson has recently lost a lot of his lands and money gambling and by indulging certain of his other vices. When I acquired his lands I made it clear that he was to leave part of them to you. One of his last acts as ruler was to make you a Lord of his realm."

"I do not understand my liege." Lance said, he was speechless. "Lord Jackson told me that I was nothing more than a whore, why would he wish to bestow lands or a title on me?"

"He was scared." Wade murmurred softly. "He wanted to try and make ammends so that Joshua would be lenient."

"If I made you a Lord then you would have no real powers, but as he was the ruler who made you a Lord you will be recognised by the other leaders." Joshua said. "This way you get a title and the true privilege that this entails."

"The right to keep slaves." Lance said as he looked at Wade.

Wade blushed red in response.

"The right to sit at the King's table." Joshua countered.

Lance was not going to argue, he knew that this was a brush off. Joshua did not want him anymore so he was buying his affections, or rather paying off his affections so that he could move on. Joshua saw the storm of emotions that was raging on his companion's face and knew that he had to say more, even though it pained him to do so.

"Lance, never think that it is because I do not love you. It is just that you deserve so much more than I can give you." Joshua said. "You gave me everything that I ever asked of you and more but I could not return that favour. At least this way you have more freedom to live how you wish to without being tied to me for the rest of your life."

"Thank you." Lance said, and he meant it.

Joshua had thought enough of him to make sure that he was provided for and that was the most that anyone had ever done for Lance. As he watched Wade's reactions he realised that he could give the boy the same affection that Joshua had given him, some of the same advantages too and he would be able to care for him in all of the ways that Joshua had not cared for him. They could be not only emotionally but sexually involved.

"Wade?" Joshua asked softly. "How did you know about Lord Jackson?"

Lance saw Wade flinch and moved closer to the boy, opening his arms and beckoning the boy to him. Wade paused a moment and then went to his new master, knowing that he must serve him in anyway, even if that meant that he was punished for speaking out of turn.

Instead of hitting him Lance hugged Wade tight, stroking his back gently and touching him with a gentle caress.

"He served time in Lord Jackson's court." Lance said softly as he felt the few scars that could be felt through the cloak that Wade wore. "No doubt he heard the other slaves talking of it."

Joshua liked the way that Lance was already taking control of the boy, the way that he was already treating Wade as his own. In law a slave could not answer a question unless allowed by his Master, he was not to speak unless directly to his owner or unless his owner allowed it. Lance was already taking care of Wade and teaching him without telling the ways of the world that they were about to enter.

As the carriage slowed Joshua knew that he had done the right thing, Lance and Wade would be good together. And yet he could not help feeling the slight heaviness of his soul that he was again alone. He had friends but his lovelife was still in grieving for the wife that he had lost.

Maybe he was just destined to be alone. As he strode into the castle and left his companion behind Joshua wondered what the future held for each of them.

------------