Keywords: FF, cons, interr, bd, sm, anal
Part: Chapter 38
Author: Miranda Mars
Title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance





          Circumstances intervened, and it was a week before she saw 
    Karen again, running into her at work.  Laura had not had sex 
    between Chanitra and this meeting, and so she felt a sharp, almost 
    irresistible lust for Karen when they ran across each other in the 
    hallway. 

          "God," Karen whispered to her, eyes smoky and throbbing, "you 
    look like you need it as much as I do."

          "How long has it been?"

          "I'm wet, just looking at you."

          Laura felt the same.  Karen wore a sweater that revealed the 
    outlines of her bra cups, and as usual, her bra was a size too 
    small, emphasizing the swelling, bursting quality of her large 
    breasts.  Laura wanted to taste them again.  She wanted the big, 
    soft, black nipples in her mouth.  She wanted to hear Karen beg her 
    to bite them, as she knew Karen would.

          "I can't wait," she whispered to Karen.

          "We could take the afternoon off sick."

          "And just fuck and fuck."

          "Meet me at my place at one o'clock."

          Laura nodded, trying to keep her hands from shaking with 
    excitement as they parted.

          She was like a small child, her stomach full of butterflies, 
    her pulse racing, as she knocked on Karen's apartment door.  Already 
    she was wet too, from anticipation.  She loved doing it with Yvette, 
    with Chanitra, with Sandra and Shawn, but she and Karen shared 
    shared raw, unadulterated, totally depraved sex, and little else.  
    When they were alone and naked together, anything might happen, and 
    the resulting orgasms were monumental, frequent, excruciating, 
    sometimes even painful, but most of all unforgettable.

          But, after letting her in, the first thing Karen said to her 
    was, "Are you screwing Yvette Farmer?"

          Laura blushed and looked away.  "Why, do you know her?  I 
    didn't even know you knew her."

          "Honey," Karen smiled, "the black sisters all know each other.  
    We may not be hot buddies, but we know each other.  She's married 
    and has a young daughter.  You lecherous old white bitch, you ought 
    to be ashamed."

          She kissed Laura with familiarity, then with more intense 
    passion.  Then she pulled back.

          "Is she good?" she asked.

          "She's very lovely," Laura said softly.  "You can see that.  
    Why, do you want her yourself?  I thought you said you like white 
    girls."

          Karen smiled.  "How do you think she'd react to both of us at 
    once?"

          "She's very . . ."

          "Square?"

          Laura nodded.  

          "And you don't want to share her.  I understand."

          "Why did you bring her up?  How did you know?"

          "Actually, I saw her looking at you, a few days ago.  She was 
    eating you up with her eyes.  I got jealous.  Can you believe that?  
    I thought to myself, Yvette, you go back to your husband and leave 
    Laura to me.  She's mine."

          Laura smiled, flattered.  "Jealous?"

          "Nobody can do what you and I do," Karen said under her 
    breath, her eyes fiery with sex.  

          Now Laura kissed her, teasingly, then aggressively.  "You want 
    me to tie you up and fuck you," she said.

          "I should be doing it to you, you cradle-robber," Karen 
    breathed.  "You wife and mother fucker."

          "If you keep insulting me like that," Laura teased, "I might 
    have to . . . hurt you."

          Karen's eyes rolled up behind her lids, but she tried to stay 
    in control.  "Come to the bedroom," she said, pulling Laura's arm.

          As she always did, for some reason, Karen closed the door 
    behind them.  She pulled her sweater over her head and tossed it in 
    a chair.  Laura could feel the lust quotient in the small bedroom go 
    up five notches.  Slowly, she removed her silk blouse.  Looking 
    hotly at one another, they both removed their skirts.

          Then, still dressed in her underwear, Karen went to the 
    closet.  She returned with a valise.  Out of it she took several 
    long leather thongs, each one four to five feet long.  Laura's pussy 
    was so wet that the warm nectars were running down her thigh.

          "Where do you get these things?" she asked in a weak voice.

          Karen's eyes flared.  "I'll show you my catalog some time."


          She tossed the thongs onto the bed.  Laura approached her, 
    walked behind her, unfastened Karen's bra clasp.  She did it very 
    slowly, pressing her lips to Karen's naked back at the same time, 
    kissing the smooth dark skin.  The thin shoulder straps of the bra 
    slid slowly down Karen's arms.

          Laura's arms encircled her from behind.  With her sensitive 
    fingertips, she caressed the firm muscles of Karen's midriff, 
    bringing her hands up slowly.  God, I love this girl's body, she 
    thought.  When her knuckles brushed the round undersides of Karen's 
    full breasts, she turned her hands over and cupped them from 
    beneath.  Her lips had reached the nape of Karen's neck, and she 
    sucked the skin into her mouth and bit it gently while rolling 
    Karen's large, soft nipples in her fingers.

          Karen's knees sagged, and she nearly fainted from the onrush 
    of sweet, intense sensations.  But Laura held her up, then eased her 
    over to the bed, turning her, pushing her down onto her back.  She 
    knew they had all afternoon, that an exhausting marathon of fucking 
    lay ahead of them, but she hadn't had this opportunity for a long 
    time, and she wanted all of Karen's body right now.

          Before getting on the bed too, she skimmed Karen's panties 
    down her legs and off.  Then she scooped up the girl's large, firm 
    breasts in her hands and sucked one swollen black nipple deep into 
    her mouth.

          "Ohhnnnnnn!" Karen moaned.  "Oh . . . Laura!  Ohhnnnn!  Nobody 
    does it like you, Laura.  God, yes!"

          Laura held both beautiful breasts in her hands, kissing them 
    all over and sucking Karen's nipples until Karen was quivering 
    uncontrollably, watching Laura suck her, writhing and whimpering 
    urgently.  

          Laura wanted to keep doing it, and she knew Karen wanted her 
    to, but they both also knew there would be plenty more.  They would 
    not quit fucking until neither one could sit up any more.  And so, 
    when she knew Karen was on the verge of coming, she quickly slid 
    between Karen's thighs and stabbed her tongue deep into Karen's open 
    pussy and sucked Karen's clit hungrily.  And Karen spilled over with 
    hot, rapturous coming, moaning and shuddering.

          "Auunnggghh!  Oh!  Oh . . . god oh yes unngghhhh!  Oh Laura 
    ohhnngghhhh!  Oh!  Oh!"

          Still groggy minutes later from her orgasm, Karen kissed Laura 
    and noticed that Laura was still wearing her bra and panties.

          "You're cheating," she grinned.  

          "No, I'm not," Laura said.  "I'm just teasing you."  She 
    reached for the leather thongs Karen had brought out.  "You don't 
    get any of me until you're . . ."

          They both looked significantly at the thongs.  Laura took one 
    from the group and looped it around Karen's left breast.  She 
    cinched it tight, but not too tight.  Karen's big glossy nipple 
    expanded and protruded.  Laura bent her head and touched it with the 
    tip of her tongue, bringing a shiver to Karen, whose eyes grew 
    glassy with lust.

          Now, slowly, Laura coiled the thong around both of Karen's 
    luscious breasts.  Both of them had done this to one another before, 
    and had learned exactly how to do it: just tight enough to enhance 
    the excitement, to make the nipples swell, but not tight enough to 
    deaden the sensations.  Laura knotted the thong in the deep valley 
    between Karen's strangled breasts.

          "In the bag," Karen whispered hoarsely.  "Handcuffs."

          "Handcuffs?"

          Laura's pluse raced wildly.  They had never gone this far 
    before.  Handcuffs.  In Karen's sex goody bag, she found a pair of 
    fur-lined handcuffs.

          "Are you sure?" she asked.

          Karen nodded.  "Only with you," she whispered.

          Laura slipped them through a brass rail in the headboard of 
    Karen's bed, then snapped Karen's wrists into the fur cuffs.  
    Raising her arms up over her head this way made her throttled 
    breasts jut out provocatively, and it was all Laura could do to keep 
    her mind on her business.

          In the bag she also found a ball gag of red rubber.  She 
    debated putting it on right now, then decided to wait.  Grabbing 
    more leather thongs, she tied Karen's calves to her thighs.  Then, 
    she ran one thong alongside Karen's fat, oozing pussy, all the way 
    up to her shoulder and down her back, then up the other side of her 
    pussy, tying the thong behind Karen's neck.  

          "Do you want me to put in the gag now?" she asked softly.

          "No, I want you to take off your underwear," Karen said, her 
    eyes flaming with wild sex.

          "Mmmmm, I think I can get you to ask for the gag."

          "Please," Karen implored her.  Karen's eyes throbbed with 
    excitement.

          Very slowly, Laura inched her panties down her thighs.  She 
    enjoyed stripping for Karen, and did it with great skill.  When her 
    panties came off, she wadded them into a ball and masturbated with 
    them, watching Karen's face.  Then she took the wadded ball, damp 
    with her pussyjuices, and rubbed it across Karen's bulging nipples.

          Karen's eyes rolled upward.  "I can't stand it," she panted.

          "You have to."

          "Fuck me.  Please."

          "Mmmmm, what a greedy little tart," Laura teased.  "I fucked 
    you a few minutes ago, and you still want more."

          "Yes.  Please."

          Laura dipped her face to Karen's gorgeous, hard-swollen 
    breasts.  She took one bursting nipple into her mouth, swirling her 
    tongue around it, digging her fingers into the taut gourd of Karen's 
    breast, then sucking hard, so hard that Karen cried out.

          "Annggghh . . . oowwnnncchhh!"

          Tears came to her eyes, but her face was torn with ecstacy.

          "Do it," she begged hoarsely.  "Harder.  Do it.  Bite it."

          "Are you sure you don't want me to put the gag on?"

          "Yes . . . please," Karen panted.

          "Mmmmmm," Laura smiled, "but don't you want to feel my body 
    all over your body first?"

          "Oh god . . . Laura, yes!" Karen gasped.

          Now Laura had Karen where she wanted her, for this stage.  
    Karen was taut and quivering with need.  Slowly, Laura removed her 
    bra, letting Karen enjoy every smallest movement, from the thin 
    straps sliding down her arms to the cups falling away, exposing 
    Laura's exquisite naked breasts.  

          Now she was completely naked too, and Karen's lust-glazed eyes 
    devoured her body.  She leaned forward, dragging her breasts across 
    Karen's hard, bulging globes, brushing her soft, coral nipples 
    against Karen's bursting black plums.  Karen sighed, quivering with 
    excitement.  Next Laura raised her body and brushed Karen's face 
    with her naked breasts.  She let Karen suck one of her nipples, 
    moaning wildly as Karen's lips enclosed it and drew it deep into her 
    warm, wet mouth.

          "Ohhnnnnnn!" she moaned, throwing her head back, pushing her 
    breast into Karen's mouth.

          Karen sucked it hard, until Laura pulled it away, teasing 
    Karen with her other breast but not letting the girl get her lips 
    around the nipple.  Finally, she gave Karen a scorching kiss, 
    mashing their naked breasts together, then reached down for the ball 
    gag.  She fastened it in place, feeling Karen's sexual need elevate 
    another two notches as the clasp locked.

          Rummaging in the sexual goody bag, she came across the small 
    saddle-with-rubber-spike they had used in their last sexual 
    encounter, and then another device: a similar thing, but this time 
    with two thick, erect rubber cocks standing up from it, obviously 
    meant for one thing only.  She held it up, grinning, and Karen's 
    contorted face showed that she enthusiastically agreed.

          "Oh baby, you want me to fuck you with this and bite your big 
    nipples at the same time, don't you," Laura whispered as she began 
    greasing the rear-most rubber phallus with the K-Y jelly she had 
    also found in the bag.

          She had a momentary pang of jealousy as she imagined Karen 
    taking this bag full of wonders along with her to other sexual 
    encounters.  But then she remembered how Karen had said she would 
    never trust anyone to do this but Laura.  Laura knew she felt the 
    same.  She spread the slippery jelly on two of her fingers and slid 
    them between Karen's gorgeous buns, watching the agonizing thrill 
    seize Karen's face as they penetrated her tight asshole.

          "We've got to get you ready," she murmured, leaning forward 
    and teasing Karen's swollen, bursting nipples with her tongue as she 
    fucked the girl's ass with her fingers to open it for the fat dildo.

          Now Karen began to mewl and writhe, her hips grinding as her 
    ass loosened some for its next visitor.  Laura knew she was about to 
    peak, to come in shocking convulsions, but she didn't want it to 
    arrive prematurely.  She pulled back, letting Karen watch her 
    slather the dildo with slippery jelly, feeling the anticipation 
    build in both of them.  They knew it would be good, they knew it 
    would be horrifically explosive, but she wouldn't let them have it 
    until they were both about to faint with desire.

          Finally, she brought the huge dildo down to its target and 
    slowly introduced the greased rubber pole into Karen's waiting 
    asshole.  Even though she must have felt it before, Laura thought, 
    tears immediately squirted from Karen's eyes as the monster 
    penetrated her.

          "Unngghmmofgghh!" she groaned into the ball gag.

          It really was an ass-splitter, Laura realized, and she was 
    very careful inching it in.  The other rubber cock was attached so 
    closely that it went into Karen's pussy at the same time.  She was 
    impaled on the two rubber prongs, and the sight of her ass and pussy 
    stuffed with them made Laura's hot blood race and throb.

          Karen's glazed eyes implored her, and Karen's tightly-bound 
    body strained and writhed, her gorgeous, throttled breasts bursting, 
    her large, gleaming nipples popping.  Laura knew she was going to 
    come, any second.  She pressed top part of her thigh into the curved 
    back of the double-dildo, ramming it deep into Karen and falling 
    with her mouth on the girl's luscious, strangled breasts at the same 
    time.

          Knowing exactly what the girl wanted, she sucked one 
    ballooning black nipple deep into her mouth, sinking her teeth into 
    it and hearing Karen's clotted cries as she squirmed and whimpered 
    with urgent passion.  And now Laura really began to fuck Karen the 
    way she knew Karen craved to be fucked.  

          Jamming her thigh into Karen's crotch in a way that reminded 
    her of Brandi so acutely that her own cunt throbbed and gushed with 
    juice, she held the hard, swollen gourds of Karen's strangled 
    breasts in her hands and tore at Karen's bulging nipples with her 
    lips and teeth.  She didn't know where the savagery in her came 
    from, but knowing Karen loved and needed it didn't hurt, and she 
    raped and sexually brutalized her lover even more viciously than she 
    had in the past.

          In only about five seconds, as Laura's teeth sank into Karen's 
    other nipple, Karen exploded in a fierce, rupturing orgasm that 
    nearly made her faint.  Her body strained, arched, then buckled into 
    wild, churning spasms.  Strangled cries of ecstacy, muffled by the 
    gag, tried to get out of her chest and throat.

          And Laura, insanely aroused herself, kept fucking the girl 
    brutally, ramming her thigh up into Karen's pussy and ass, forcing 
    the dildos in deep, and digging her fingers into the hard balls of 
    Karen's throttled breasts, and sucking and biting Karen's nipples 
    sharply, bringing the undulating, quivering, moaning girl to climax 
    after crushing climax.  

          She lost count of how many times Karen came before she slumped 
    helplessly to the bed and Laura had to unfasten the gag quickly 
    before she suffocated from panting into the ball.  Karen's cheeks 
    were wet with tears.  She mewled softly as the aftershocks of coming 
    still shook her.  Laura quickly untied the thongs and kissed the 
    pinches they had made in Karen's deliciously smooth black skin.  She 
    pulled the monstrous twin dildos out of Karen's groin.  She was 
    quivering with pent-up need herself since she had not yet come, 
    having been overwhelmed by the fury of her attack, too busy fucking 
    Karen to notice her own terrible need. 

          But now it washed over her, and she trembled as she realized 
    that now it was her turn.  She had treated Karen with ingenious 
    brutality, and knew she could expect the same.  It would hurt.  
    Karen's eyes burned into hers.  Laura couldn't wait.

          "Fuck me," she whispered hoarsely.  "Please."

          Karen nodded, blinking back the tears.  "God . . . I nearly 
    fainted," she said softly.

          "I know."

          "You never fucked me that hard."

          "You just forget."

          "Sex between us is as raw as it gets."

          "I know."

          "Not even a gangbang is this . . ."

          "Hot?"

          Karen nodded.  "And hard."

          Her eyes smoking, Karen picked up one of the thongs that Laura 
    had just unwound from her body.  Slowly, letting them both enjoy the 
    implications, she tied Laura's wrists to her ankles, while Laura 
    leaned back on her knees.  Then Karen propped two stout feather 
    pillows behind Laura's back to keep her in a half-reclining 
    position.

          Next, on her own knees, she pushed her breasts into Laura's 
    face, brushing Laura's lips with her nipples, taunting Laura.

          "You tried to bite them off," she said, her eyes glowing with 
    danger.  "You really wanted to hurt me, didn't you."

          "Yes."

          "You want me to hurt you back, don't you."

          "Yes!"

          Picking up another long thong, Karen looped it around Laura's 
    exquisite young breasts, making them swell and discolor.  Laura's 
    large coral nipples expanded and protruded.  Karen knotted the 
    thong, then rubbed her own nipples against Laura's.  Laura trembled 
    with excitement.

          "Oh!" she sighed involuntarily.

          "You're close, aren't you?"

          Laura nodded wildly, panting with need.

          "Fucking me made you hot.  Raping me, biting my boobs, it made 
    you want to have it too, didn't it?"

          "Yes!  Please!  God . . . Karen, please!"

          "You can come if I just blow on your pretty little clit, can't 
    you.  You can come if I just lick your nipples like this."

          Karen didn't waste any time.  She knew Laura could come in 
    seconds, if properly triggered.  Her mouth on Laura's nipples 
    brought Laura to a frenzy of whimpering and pleading.  Karen's hand 
    dropped to Laura's dripping pussy and at the same moment she let her 
    teeth sink deep into one of Laura's throbbing nipples.  At the same 
    instant, her fingers scissored Laura's clit and yanked it viciously.

          "Auungghhnnnggiiieeee!" Laura cried out as a sharp uprush of 
    coming wrenched her trussed body.

          She came in blinding hot spasms, groaning and shuddering.  But 
    it was clear that Karen was only getting started.  Laura knew that 
    Karen loved to fuck her, and she was still recovering from her 
    climax as Karen maneuvered her body until she was face down on the 
    bed, her ass sticking high up into the air because her wrists were 
    tied to her ankles.

          Before she knew it, Karen's tongue was fucking her asshole and 
    Karen's fingers were raping and tweaking her pussy.  Karen fucked 
    her so forcefully that she was coming again in under a minute.

          Still panting from her second climax, she felt the gag going 
    into her mouth.  Karen quickly fastened it behind her head, and 
    Laura knew that she was in for it now.  In short order, Karen fucked 
    Laura seven ways from Sunday, using the two dildos to brutally 
    induce three more orgasms, then turning Laura over again and 
    assaulting her strangled, bulging breasts, biting them while hand-
    fucking Laura into two more orgasms.

          Then she slid between Laura's thighs and fucked Laura's ass 
    roughly with a new dildo, which had a rubber-spiked ball on the end 
    of it, while passionately sucking Laura's clit at the same time.  
    Laura had four excruciating climaxes and would have begged her to 
    stop right then had she not been gagged.  But Karen was not 
    finished.

          She grabbed the old double dildo from the bag that they had 
    used before, on earlier occasions.  All this fucking of Laura had 
    aroused her again too, and she pushed it into Laura's pussy and into 
    her own, then began raping them both, falling on Laura's tortured 
    nipples with her lips and teeth again at the same time.  After a few 
    minutes of this, they both came again, three times in a row, in 
    stupendous, shattering climaxes that left them weeping and groaning 
    in the aftershocks of ecstatic bliss.

          Laura had come twelve times in about thirty minutes, and her 
    body wouldn't take any more.  She nearly passed out, going totally 
    limp as Karen untied her and began to kiss her weals and raw spots.

          "Oh god . . . honey, did I do it too hard?" she murmured, 
    shocked at the expression on Laura's face. 

          She kissed the circles the thongs had made under Laura's 
    breasts, and gently brushed with her lips Laura's ravaged nipples.  
    Laura winced.  But she didn't regret for a second what they had 
    done.

          She kissed Karen.  "I'm almost afraid to fuck with you," she 
    confessed.  "We get so rough, and yet I almost die with coming."

          But Karen was full of guilt.  "I did it too hard.  I can still 
    see my teeth in your nipples."

          "They hurt," Laura nodded.

          "You want to make mine hurt?"

          "You mean they don't already?"

          "Not enough."  Karen's eyes burned.  "I'll bet Yvette Farmer 
    wouldn't hurt you like that.  Or that teenager with the great body."

          "Why do you bring them up?"

          Karen's eyes watered briefly, but she sucked back her tears.  
    "Jealousy.  Plain and simple."

          Laura pushed her down and kissed her, pinning her wrists to 
    the mattress.  She dropped her mouth to Karen's breasts.

          "Didn't you think I might want to get even?"

          "Hoped you would."

          "Want me to tie them up?"

          Karen shook her head.  "Just let them know how much you love 
    them."

          "Mmmmmm," Laura hummed, licking one big nipple and then nearly 
    swallowing it as she sucked it so deeply into her mouth that Karen 
    yelped involuntarily.

          Karen, of course, was already aroused again from the fearful 
    fucking she had just given Laura, and Laura's mouth on her nipples 
    quickly had her squirming and moaning.  In under a minute Laura had 
    Karen coming again, ramming the heel of her hand into Karen's 
    swollen clit and biting her nipples enough to make them hurt as 
    Laura's did.  The pain was a dangerous elixir to Karen, who came 
    rapturously, her screams so loud that Laura had to push a pillow 
    briefly over her mouth to muffle them.

          Finally, they melted together into the slow, undulating, 
    healing fuck that always terminated the hot savagery of their 
    couplings.  It was always so sweet and intense that Laura knew why 
    they endured the pain, if only to get to this.  Soon they were 
    sharing a long, feathery, throbbing orgasm that seemed to weld their 
    naked flesh together so completely that each one knew she could 
    never forsake the other.  When it was over, their cheeks were both 
    wet, and they were nearly speechless. 

          Only later, when Laura dressed to leave, did they trust 
    themselves to speak.  

          "One thing about fucking with you," Laura said, wryly.  "I 
    can't forget it for days.  It's in my body."

          "Still hurt?"

          "My ass feels like a cannon exploded inside it."

          Karen kissed her feelingly.  "I think you made one of my 
    nipples bleed, that last time."

          "I'm sorry."

          "I'm going to lick it for days," Karen said, her eyes 
    sparkling.

          "Why do we mistreat each other so?"

          "It makes me die with coming."

          Laura smiled, ruefully.  "Me too."

          "Don't stay away."

          "Only until we both heal."

          Karen's eyes burned into hers, not allowing any dishonesty.  
    "Or until we can't stand being apart any more."

          "Yes."

          "Enjoy your teenager."

          "Jealous again?"

          "Yes.  You think she'd go for both of us together?"

          Laura couldn't conceal her smile.  She knew Chanitra, the 
    little sex fiend, would probably jump at the chance to go to bed 
    with Laura and Karen at the same time.

          "Mmmmm.  She might," she tantalized Karen.  "But as far as I 
    know, she doesn't like pain.  Not the way you do."

          "But she likes pussy," Karen said.

          Laura winked.  "Mine, at least."

          "Why don't you feel her out?  God . . . she's got a perfect 
    body."

          "I'll let you know, darling."  Laura kissed her.  "Don't let 
    anybody hurt you but me."

          "I won't.  You know that."

        



