"Come adjust this tie for me?"

"It looks perfect. The cab is waiting, come on, Psmith."

"Could you get my walking stick?"

"I have it - come along." Mike hated entering a theatre late; he felt everyone was staring and whispering about him and he got horribly embarrassed. "The tickets were expensive, we don't want to miss any."

"They're my expense," Psmith responded, smiling indulgently, "And if the cab charges a little more for waiting it might be worth my while." He put a hand against Mike's stomach and pressed lightly, pushing Mike back against the wall of the front hall and leaning in to steal a quick kiss, half on his mouth, running the tip of his tongue quickly over Mike's lower lip. "Alright, I'm ready, now."

Once in the cab he took every opportunity to slide across the seat and animatedly point out things, people or buildings on Mike's side so that their legs pressed tightly together. Mike murmured his responses and sat back firmly into the seat, hoping the driver wouldn't notice.

***

The lights were beginning to dim and the overture to play before they began to walk down the aisle.

"I can't believe you've done this to me again. They're all staring. I believe you like it."

"Done this to you? You're right, I do like it." He smiled lazily at Mike, and whispered as they slipped past people in their row, "They get to see what a lovely young man I walk in with."

Mike's face burned, but the corners of his mouth tugged.

After excusing themselves past half the row they found their seats, directly in the center, and finally got settled, Psmith draping his coat across the seat arm between them, barely in time. The curtain raised and Mike tried to forget his worries in the show. He was just beginning to manage it, too, when he felt something on his leg. He almost jumped, thinking it was an insect, before it became a more firm touch and he realized it was a finger tracing up the outside seam of his pants leg. He glanced sideways. Psmith's face seemed quite enrapt by the action on the stage. Mike glanced around, then down at the coat, realizing it hid Psmith's hand quite well from the patrons to either side, then went back to trying unsuccessfully to concentrate on the play.

Psmith spent the entire first act moving his fingertips slowly up and down the seam, then around Mike's knee in little circles, massaging in a way that seemed fit to make the muscles of the knee melt. When his fingers began to move up the inseam, though, Mike seized his hand and held it tightly.

He leaned over, close to Mike's ear. "Enjoying the show?" he whispered, mischievously.

Mike's mouth was dry, but he managed to croak, "Yes. Very much."

"Good. I think it's quite engaging, myself." His warm breath tickled on Mike's ear.

At intermission Mike excused himself to go to the restroom, carrying the coat in front of him. Psmith followed, somehow managing to bump repeatedly against Mike's back in the crowd, and groping at his buttocks in the process. By the time they reached the restroom Mike was convinced he could easily toss Psmith into a stall and have him right there, but one look at the crowd and that thought was squelched. There was a waiting line. He rolled his eyes and bit his lip.

"Perhaps you can wait," Psmith suggested. "Let us acquire a glass of wine, there may be something acceptable available."

Mike actually did want to urinate, but between the erection he was experiencing and the line he wasn't sure he'd be able to manage it during the intermission, anyway, so he nodded his assent and they stood in the slightly cooler lobby with their glasses, his arm getting tired of holding the coat up in front of him. He was wilting in more ways than one by the time the music swelled up to announce the second half.

"You're going to have to wait," Psmith said, "I'm sure you can."

Somehow he managed to wedge his lower leg against Mike's once they arrived back in their seats, and he resumed the tracings of his finger on the accessible thigh under the coat as well. Whenever the action of the play seemed to allow he would lean over, laying his other hand on Mike's arm or even touching his chest, whispering in his ear. Between that and the increasing pressure in his bladder, Mike's head was swimming by the end of the second half.

"I'm going to the restroom before we get in the cab," Mike announced as the curtain dropped.

"You can wait a bit longer, surely?"

"I will not," Mike announced, firmly, seizing Psmith's errant hand under the coat one last time as the row emptied to either side of them. "I'm waiting right here until the crowd clears a bit and then we're visiting the restrooms. I'm not taking no for an answer."

Psmith came as near a cheeky grin as he ever did. "You know I can't deny you anything when you insist."