Day 230

Jack sat in the overstuffed chair he always occupied when awaiting the Master’s arrival. He and Francine had already completed their playful shower ritual. It was one of the few pleasant things Jack experienced these days. He sat now in the linen clothing the Master mandated he wear and picked over the food Tish had brought. The shower and the food almost made it worth submitting to the Master. Almost. He was going to have to submit anyway, so why not enjoy the perks?

The Master chose that moment to sweep into the room. He secured the door and made a show of engaging the isomorphic lock.

Jack immediately stood to remove his tunic. He’d long been conditioned to strip upon the Master’s arrival and take up his position on his knees, fingers locked behind his neck.

“Oh, no need for that today, Jack,” the Master waved a hand dismissively as he crossed the room.

Jack was thrown completely off balance, but he’d be damned if he was going to show it. He straightened his tunic and resumed his seat. He occupied himself for a few moments with steadying his breathing and schooling his expression. The Master took up the chair across from him and poured himself a cup of coffee. Jack hadn’t ever touched the stuff. The memory of Ianto’s coffee was one of the things Jack held onto in dark moments, and he wasn’t going to dilute it with the swill most likely brewed on the Valiant.

“So tell me, Captain,” the Master said in a tone better suited to two blokes taking tea, “how does a brilliant, charismatic, capable man of the future end up on a primitive planet running a clueless and useless organization like Torchwood?”

“Long story,” Jack said.

“We have time,” the Master countered.

“I was bouncing around the Universe when my Vortex Manipulator burned out, so I just settled in and made the best of it.” Jack gave him a fraction of the truth.

“Until the Doctor came along and you saw your way out?” the Master asked with raised eyebrows.

“Not exactly.”

“The Doctor stranded you here.”

“No.”

“He fed the Vortex into you and made you the freak you are.”

“No.” Jack protested outwardly but the Master’s words rang true in his head. He’d thought these things himself. The Time Lord voicing them made them more real. Valid.

“Oh, come on, Jack!” the Master said exasperatedly as he set his coffee cup down. “How am I supposed to get to know you better when you won’t tell me anything?”

Jack dropped his eyes. Damn it. He grew angry with himself for missing the signs. The Master was trying seduction again. For some sick reason he wanted to try to connect with Jack, pretend they were lovers. Mutual lovers, anyway. Jack’s heart raced with excitement. He could turn this to his advantage. He knew he could.

“Why Cardiff?” the Master asked suddenly.

Jack knit his brows in confusion.

“With your knowledge and abilities you could have been in charge of London ages ago, but you hid out in Cardiff. Why?”

“I don’t like politics,” Jack said dryly.

“And the hundreds of people that wouldn’t have died on your watch like they did on Yvonne Hartmann’s?”

The Master gave voice to Jack’s own personal doubts. He hated the Time Lord more in that moment than he ever had. Jack wasn’t sure what he might have done differently, but he had thought many times that maybe he hadn’t tried hard enough. If he’d pushed a little harder, a little sooner, instead of hiding out in Cardiff, could he have gained control? He’d never have allowed the ghost shifts. Never.

His long silence gave the Master an answer Jack didn’t really want him to have. “Ah, I see you’ve considered this before,” the Master said.

“It would have meant playing by the rules to get to the top in London, and in case you hadn’t noticed, I’m not one for playing by the rules,” Jack said with a hint of sarcasm and a touch of self-deprecation.

“Yes, Captain,” the Master said solemnly. “I’ve noticed.”

Jack jumped when the Master rose from his chair. He felt like a prey animal as the Time Lord came around the back of his chair and laid his hands on Jack’s shoulders. He tensed at the unwelcome touch.

“Oh hush now,” the Master chided. “Just relax.”

Jack wasn’t able to relax around the Master. Understandable, given what usually happened to him in the presence of the Time Lord.

The Master ran his hands down Jack’s chest then back up to his shoulders. Jack felt lips pressed to his ear and a hot whisper ghost across his skin.

“It occurred to me that you’ve become very good at submitting when you feel forced,” he said, prompting a chill up Jack’s spine. “How well can you behave when it seems like you have a choice?”

As the Master’s hands moved down Jack’s chest again, he feared he was going to find out.

“I want to be gentle with you, Jack,” the Master whispered against Jack’s neck. “If you please me without my having to force you, I’ll even let you have some pleasure.”

Jack didn’t really want to know what the Master’s idea of pleasure was.

The Master’s hands caressed Jack’s arms. He closed his eyes and tested a theory that he might be able to forget who was touching him by pretending it was someone else.

The Master’s hot mouth was pressing open-mouthed kisses to Jack’s neck. It wasn’t unlike Ianto’s kisses when Jack had him really turned on. This might work.

It was the voice that shattered Jack’s illusion. “Stand up for me, Jack.”

Jack complied with real trepidation. As the Master came around to stand before him, Jack looked down from his slightly superior height. The Master lifted one hand and tapped a finger against his own lower lip as he pretended to pout. Jack obediently took the hint and lowered his head to place a kiss on the Master’s lips.

“Is that it?” The Time Lord was really pouting now.

Jack bit back a sigh, fearing reprisal at the sound. He lowered his head again and let the kiss linger this time.

“Better,” the Master said. “But I know what you’re capable of.” Jack hesitated, angering the Master. “Do you really like pain that much, Jack?”

Jack flinched as though he’d been slapped. It was in that moment he realized how much of an amateur he was compared to the Master. An amateur at torture. An amateur at controlling another person. He was a complete novice when it came to breaking down a human being completely and bending them to his will. In his years of performing occasional torture for the Time Agency, Jack had never thought to control someone by promising to withhold the pain he had spent so much time inflicting.

Jack lowered his head and captured the Master’s lips in his most seductive kiss. It was diabolical how the Master had so quickly convinced Jack to act like he enjoyed being fucked by him. And Jack would pretend to enjoy it, just to keep from bleeding out his arse again so the Jones women wouldn’t have to clean up after him.

This time when Jack pulled back, the Master gave him a smile of approval and Jack found this pleased him. He was proud of his skill at kissing, and he’d given the Time Lord pleasure with his kisses. The Master owned him now. Jack was actually seeking his approval. He had no further to fall.

“I believe this is going to be the first time you suck my cock without your hands being restrained in some way,” the Master said pleasantly, and Jack understood what was expected of him. As this would be the first time he wouldn’t be bound while sucking the Master off, it meant he was probably expected to use his hands.

Jack slowly lowered himself to his knees. He was doing this willingly. He wasn’t being forced. There was pleasure to be had here. Even if pleasure only meant the absence of pain.

He reached up and unfastened the Master’s trousers then reached in to withdraw him without preamble. Jack leaned in and wrapped his lips around the end of the Master’s semi-hard cock and slid his mouth down toward the base. He heard the Master moan above him and felt the Time Lord’s erection grow. Jack cupped the Master’s balls and caressed them gently as he worked himself up and down the now-full erection.

“Jesus, Jack. Just like that…”

Jack lowered his head again to take all of Ianto’s hard cock into his mouth. He felt the brush of the engorged head on the back of his throat and he pulled back slowly, dragging harsh moans from Ianto’s throat as he went. It had been a long while since Jack had wanted to put so much effort into pleasing a lover. 

He drew back the entire way and watched as Ianto’s erection bounced jauntily. Jack buried his face in the juncture of Ianto’s hip, thigh and groin and inhaled deeply of the musky scent. His own cock bobbed between his thighs as he breathed it in. He’d know that scent anywhere and it never ceased to get him hard instantly, even in the middle of the day in full sight of everyone in the Hub.

Jack ran the flat of his tongue up the underside of Ianto’s erection.

“You fucking cocktease,” Ianto breathed from above Jack. He loved to get Ianto talking dirty. He made it point to do so regularly.

He drew back again and slid himself up the entire length of Ianto’s body. He adored the feel of their skin touching. Jack could spend hours running his hands over the softer spots on Ianto’s body, but he just fucking loved it when they touched from thigh to chest and could rub against each other endlessly.

Jack was yanked forcibly back into reality when the Master’s hands came to rest gently on his head and softly stroke his hair. True to his word, Jack’s submission and feigned enjoyment of this game were rewarded with loving touches and an absence of pain. Relieved, Jack redoubled his efforts and rapidly worked the Master’s cock. In his mind, it was not the Time Lord’s cock sliding in and out of his mouth.

“You have the prettiest mouth, Jack,” the Time Lord whispered. “Firm, full lips that are just made to stretch around a dick.”

Jack removed the hand that cradled the Master’s scrotum and wrapped his fingers around the shaft of the Time Lord’s cock, his mouth and hand working in tandem. Jack closed his eyes and gave himself over to his actions and his own memories. He might be cooperating, but he wasn’t going to offer eye contact.

The Master pressed gently against Jack’s skull to slow and then stop him. “Oh no!” the Master moaned. “Not this way. I don’t want to come this way.”

Jack sat back on his heels, waiting for his next instruction or clue.

“As dearly as I would like to shoot a load into that pretty mouth, I’d rather shoot it into your arse.”

Nodding, Jack rose as gracefully as he could. He slowly removed his tunic, and as he did, he found he was able to meet and hold the Master’s eyes, just as if he were with a lover. More accurately -- someone he loved. Jack dropped the fabric at his feet and watched as the Master’s eyes roamed hungrily over his naked chest.

He was emboldened by the look in the Time Lord’s eyes. He had more invested in Jack’s willing submission than he wanted anyone to know. Jack was going to use this to his advantage, turn the tables on the Master. This secret bit of knowledge gave him a way to take back control. He lowered his head again and kissed the Master, this time forcing his tongue in to swipe at the Time Lord’s. Jack was rewarded with a low groan in the Master’s throat.

Jack pressed his advantage and deepened the kiss when he felt the Master run his hands over Jack’s chest. The Master slid his hands around to clutch at Jack’s back so he changed the angle of the kiss, trying to wrest back control. He felt the Master press their bodies together tightly then grasp Jack’s head between both hands to keep extending the kiss.

The Master pulled back abruptly and Jack stumbled slightly. The Master’s hand slid down Jack’s chest, across his belly and down to grasp his still flaccid cock.

The Master gave Jack a hard look. “I thought you liked me, Jack.”

Jack didn’t know how to reply, so he stood with his eyes on the floor.

“You’ve kissed the breath out of me and sucked my brain out through my cock but still, you’re limp and soft.” The Master put a finger under Jack’s chin and lifted his face to look into his eyes. “I promised not to hurt you if you pleased me, but the thought that you don’t like me enough to get a hard-on doesn’t please me.”

With one simple sentence the Master showed Jack that he’d never really been in control of anything. The Time Lord got just what he wanted from Jack. The truly frightening part was that Jack was giving it all freely and willingly.

The Master spun from Jack suddenly and returned to his chair. “Why don’t you finish taking off your clothes and have a seat.”

Jack shucked his trousers and settled back down in his chair. He’d never been shy, and time was he wouldn’t have thought twice about sitting around in the altogether. But now he struggled to maintain his dignity.

The Master refreshed his coffee and regarded Jack over the rim of his cup. “So what does it take to get the great Captain Jack Harkness aroused?”

There was no safe answer, so Jack just studied the carpet pattern.

“Show me what it takes,” the Master said. “Second chance.”

Jack was afraid of just what the Master meant, so he remained still.

“If you can’t give yourself a hard-on, I’m going to start to believe you can’t get it up at all.”

Jack shifted in his chair and took hold of himself with one hand. Slowly at first, he stroked himself up and down. He had to admit it felt good. He hadn’t come or even been hard in months. Jack closed his eyes and reached for a memory. His own hand on his dick made it easy to find one.

Jack looked down at Ianto as he lay spread open for him. He felt his heart in his throat when their eyes met. Looking up at him with a lot of lust and a little of his heart in his eyes, Ianto wordlessly urged Jack to hurry.

Jack ran his hand over himself to slick his cock with the rest of the lube he’d used to open and prepare Ianto. As soon as Jack finished spreading lube on his cock, he’d lined himself up and pressed inward….

Jack’s eyes shot open, and his breath shuddered in his chest. His hand was wrapped around his fully engorged cock, and he continued to pleasure himself. His erection was due entirely to memories of Ianto and not to the Master, so Jack allowed himself a wistful smile.

“That’s more like it.” The Master leaned over the table that separated them to watch Jack’s hand as it stroked his hard cock. “Bring that over here so I can see it more closely.”

He rose and moved to stand before the Master. Jack’s obedience was rewarded with the feel of the Time Lord’s lips as they wrapped around his cock. Jack tried not to sigh aloud. The only victory he wanted to hand the Master was his submission. Not his pleasure.

“At least this part of you lives up to your reputation,” the Master said when he pulled back from Jack’s groin. “In both size and beauty,” he clarified, sliding his mouth back down the length of the shaft.

Jack closed his eyes and gave himself over completely to the sensation. By not watching, he was able to deny who was giving him pleasure. Jack hadn’t had sex – pleasurable sex – for so long, and he’d missed it. A lot. It had been too long since Jack had had a hot, mindless shag just for the fun of it, then come with a shout in the arms of someone who’d brought him pleasure. When the Master had told Jack to touch himself earlier, he hadn’t thought he’d be able to get hard, let alone be on the verge of coming in the Time Lord’s mouth.

The Master’s hands moved Jack’s thighs apart and he complied, surprised. The Time Lord released Jack’s cock long enough to wet his own fingers, sliding them into the cleft of Jack’s arse. He tensed instantly, steeling himself for pain that never came. The Master only caressed Jack’s opening lightly and he felt himself relax. He stiffened when a finger pressed into him. Jack grew weak with relief when the pleasure continued. Nothing but pleasure. When the Master slid a second finger inside, Jack was sure pain was imminent, but it never came. Tears sprang to his eyes when he realized he still wouldn’t be punished. Jack finally gave himself permission to relax and enjoy. It had been so long. So very, very long. Jack’s soul ached for the contact as much as the orgasm.

Jack froze in fear when the Master withdrew his mouth and his fingers simultaneously. He silently swore at himself for letting the Master get over on him this way. This time he stayed ready for the pain to begin any moment. Jack was submitting and the Master seemed pleased, but he couldn’t ever forget that it could all change in a single moment or with a single word. Any moment the Master might throw Jack down and start pounding into him until he bled.

Instead, the Master patted Jack’s hip lightly. “Go lay yourself down on the bed,” he said.

Jack moved slowly to the bed, his fear rising. This bed had been the scene of so much pain and blood for Jack in the past months that he found himself absurdly wondering how often the mattress had been replaced. The bedding, at least, needed to be changed and burned after each of Jack’s visits to the room.

Jack crawled up onto the bed face down and waited apprehensively for the Master to join him. The bed dipped under the Master’s weight as he joined Jack. He couldn’t completely suppress his flinch.

“Oh look at you, Jack,” the Master enthused. “So obediently assuming the usual position without question or argument.”

Jack froze, not sure if the Master was serious or if he was mocking Jack just before meting out punishment. He jumped when he felt a hand caressing his arse.

“Turn yourself over, Jack,” the Master said.

Jack complied slowly, unsure of what to expect. He laid himself back against the pillows and watched the Master. Jack started to panic when he realized he had all but lost his erection. The Time Lord had so much invested in the pretense of Jack experiencing pleasure. It was almost assured he would be punished for losing his erection. He jumped when the Master’s hands spread his thighs. Jack complied quickly grateful for the softness of the touch.

“Oh, Jacky-boy!” the Master chided as he knelt between Jack’s knees. “Your ‘little Captain’ isn’t standing at attention any longer.”

Jack was stunned by the Master’s pout as he ran his hands up the inside of Jack’s thighs. “Why don’t you pay him a little loving attention?”

Jack obeyed with eagerness. He closed his eyes, wrapped his hand around himself and began to stroke. The hands running over his body were pleasant and surprisingly soothing. With his eyes closed, Jack could forget who the hands belonged to and imagine who he wished the hands belonged to.

“Ianto, you’re doing that intentionally.” Jack felt the answering laughter hum around his cock. He looked down the length of his body and saw beautiful, stormy eyes watching him, gauging his responses. “I love to watch you do that.”

Ianto’s answer was a lewd sucking sound.

Jack’s cock responded to the memory with a twitch and began to thicken.

“I don’t know where you go, Jack,” the Master whispered. “But I like what it does to you.”

Jack’s eyes flew open and he tensed, his hand stilled on his cock when he felt fingers brush against his opening again. Until today, the Master had never touched him there before in any way that hadn’t meant pain and blood.

“Don’t let me interrupt,” the Master said when Jack’s hand stopped. “I’m just enjoying the view.”

Jack hesitated before he resumed. All the pleasant stimulation had its effect on him, and he felt as though he might actually be able to come today.

“Jack,” he opened his eyes at the sound of the Master’s voice. He saw the Time Lord hand him a bottle of lube. “Why don’t you prepare yourself?”

He tried not to dread what was coming, and continued to wank himself, fearful that if he lost his hard-on the fucking would be violent and painful. Jack took the lube from the Master and squeezed some onto his fingers one-handed. He slipped his hand between his legs sliding one, then two fingers inside of his body. Jack rubbed and stroked, stretched himself as the Master looked on, seemingly pleased. Jack closed his eyes. Even the feeling of his own fingers in his arse was so welcome after his extended isolation.

“Oh, that’s good, Jack,” the Master breathed. “I’m ready for you now.”

The Master was already hard and ready for Jack. The Time Lord placed his hands behind Jack’s knees and lifted them toward his chest as he positioned himself at Jack’s opening. Jack tensed. Pain had always accompanied this in the past. Yet Jack knew that tensing would make it hurt, regardless of the Master’s intentions.

The Master started to press in, and when he found Jack tense and tight he clucked his tongue. “Relax, Jack! You’ve pleased me. You won’t be hurt. You’re going to enjoy this.”

Jack took a deep, shuddering breath and focused on unclenching his muscles. The tension left him as he exhaled. The Master took advantage and pressed himself in.

The Time Lord moaned and Jack groaned. The Master slid in slow and steady. Jack closed his eyes and sobbed at the pleasant sensation of being filled so satisfyingly. Tears pricked his eyes behind closed lids. It had been so long since he’d done this in any way that wasn’t violent and painful, he couldn’t bring himself to care that it was the Master. Jack threw back his head and began to pant with pleasure, tears leaking from the corners of his eyes. His cock was hard now, all because the crazy Time Lord was being nice to him, touching him gently and withholding the pain as he’d promised.

Jack felt the Master prop himself up on his arms on either side of Jack’s head. “Open your eyes, Jack.”

Jack complied. Now that he felt pleasure once again, he feared the pain and blood that much more.

“That’s it,” the Master cooed. “Let me see those pretty blue eyes while I give you pleasure.”

Jack was mortified. Looking the Time Lord in the eyes laid him bare. The Master had full access to Jack’s pleasure, his shame, his need and his fear. He willingly, eagerly even, opened up his body and his soul to his torturer, all because the bloody bastard promised to withhold a little pain.

“You do like cock, don’t you Jack?” the Master hissed as he pumped rhythmically in and out of Jack’s body. “Answer me,” he ordered.

“Yes, Master,” Jack whispered.

“If you need a little pain, I can fuck you harder and deeper. Would a sharp smack on your ass make your spine tingle?”

“Please, no!” Jack heard himself plead on a sob. The broken sounds of his own voice brought his tears anew. He hated the person pumping away above him, yet he didn’t want it to stop, and he was pleading -- begging not to be hurt again.

“Why the tears, Captain?” the Master asked in mock concern. “If you dislike it when I’m kind to you and allow you pleasure, we can always go back to our old arrangement.”

“No!” Jack said in a strangled voice he hardly recognized as his own.

“Which would you prefer?” the Master lowered his head to whisper his question against Jack’s mouth. “I can bind you and kill you a few times, or I can continue to fuck you.”

“Fuck me, Master. Please fuck me.”

“Oh, how can I resist when you beg me so sweetly!” The Master pulled back to change his angle and continued to slide himself in and out of Jack’s body. “You must do something for me, though. Touch yourself while I watch. If you make yourself come before two minutes are up, I’ll keep fucking you. If you don’t, we go back to our old arrangement.”

Jack didn’t even think. He grasped himself firmly and rapidly jerked himself off while the Master watched, his dick buried deeply inside Jack.

As badly as Jack needed to come and as long as it had been since he had, the pressure the Master put on him with the time limit and possible punishment for failure wreaked havoc on his concentration. Jack was afraid to close his eyes with the Master watching him so closely.

In the end, it was the fear of a return to the pain that motivated Jack and in just under two minutes he came as hard as he ever had. His come shot out and landed on his own chest and stomach, spilling over his hand. Some even exploded to mark the Master’s shirt.

“That was so sexy!” the Master said breathlessly. He increased his thrusts and made some subtle adjustment so the angle changed. Jack saw stars. “If you make me come in the next minute I won’t return you to your cell immediately. I’ll let you stay here in peace and rest in the bed for a few hours.”

Jack feared this was a trick. First, his cooperation earned him pleasure and now his ability to follow orders earned him peace and relaxation. The Master owned Jack now. He feared there was nothing he wouldn’t do, no command he wouldn’t obey.

Jack focused and pulled out some of his more creative tricks to milk the Master’s orgasm from him. He nearly missed the deadline, but before the minute was up, the Master arched and moaned and thrust one last time into Jack’s body.

The Time Lord pulled out of Jack and put himself away. Jack rolled onto his side and lay still on the bed. He’d been far more worn out after a good shag with Ianto than he was now, but emotionally he was a mess. His soul belonged to a deranged Time Lord.

That Master smacked Jack lightly on the hip as he made to leave the room. “You see, I keep my promises, Jack. Remember that. As agreed, you can stay here in peace for the day. The guards will fetch you when it’s time.”

Finally, Jack was alone. He let the salty tears leak out the corners of his eyes until he had no more to give.

……………………………………………………..

Day 232

Francine made her morning visit to Jack. “The Doctor says he needs you.”

“I’m sure he does,” Jack said dryly.

“He says he needs you to start joining our resistance plans. The Master thinks he has you under control, so he’s focused on breaking the Doctor,” she explained.

“Francine, I have to look out for myself and my team,” Jack snapped at her angrily, instantly regretting it. She was so fucking nice to him. She and Tish both. “There is no guarantee that if one of your plans succeeds the Doctor will even remember I’m on board. He could easily leave me chained up here, undying and alone.”

“He wouldn’t…” Francine started to argue.

“He already has once!” Jack cut her off angrily. “Sure, we’re all in this together until he has what he wants and then it’s fuck you Jack and fuck your little team.”

“Your cooperation has made him complacent, and he’s spending more time looking for Martha,” Francine said in a low voice.

That got Jack’s attention. Martha had never been anything but kind to him. Her family was a godsend. He sighed heavily. “Francine, do you want to go back to washing my own blood off of me every other day while I lay dead on the floor? Do you want to keep cleaning up the blood and the flesh I leave behind in his bedroom? How many times do you want to replace the mattress on his bed because it’s soaked through with my blood? Do you want Tish to keep seeing and dealing with all of this?”

Francine gave Jack a pained look. “Captain, we’re all in this together. There’s almost nothing we wouldn’t do for you. You can’t be forgetting what you endure in the hours before we have to clean you up. You live through the most horrific things imaginable and yet here you stand, worried about your team and about Tish and about me.”

Jack didn’t know what to say. He watched Francine gather up the tray to leave. Before she turned to go, she rose up on her toes in front of him. Jack lowered his head slightly for her to place a kiss on his cheek.

Francine’s eyes were misty as she left his cell.

…………………………………………………

Day 234

That night while he was fed his dinner, Tish once again made the Doctor’s case for Jack’s assistance in their resistance plans.

“I’m not afraid of what he’ll do to me if we fail. I’m afraid of what he’ll do to my team,” Jack explained patiently.

“But if we succeed your team will be safe for good,” Tish replied.

“They’re not up here with us. They have no say. They might be willing to risk themselves for the cause, but I can’t ask them so I can’t gamble with their lives.” Jack thought that was the end of it.

“Captain, you once said you didn’t want them to know what you were going through up here because you were afraid they would try to stage an escape to rescue you,” Tish reminded him. “You didn’t want them to try because you didn’t want them to fail on your behalf. Do you think they would appreciate you doing nothing to try to stop the Master, all because of them?”

Jack had to admit she had him there.

“I’ll think on it,” Jack said with a sigh.

Tish smiled up at him, laid a gentle hand against his cheek then turned to leave.

……………………………………………

The Valiant’s engines hummed comfortingly. It was ship’s night and Jack was alone with his thoughts. He admitted to himself that he wanted his team alive and well when they finally got out of this mess. He wanted them all to go back to the Hub and move on with their lives. That was the real reason Jack didn’t want to risk their lives. The future. They were his future. He’d gotten his answers from the Doctor. More than he’d bargained for, actually. He’d given up his first life for the Doctor and it hadn’t mattered a wit. He was wrong and the Doctor continued to try to take from Jack and offer nothing in return.

His team was a different story. They gave and they gave and they gave and all they wanted from Jack in return was his support, his approval, his leadership and his affection. He could give those easily, so very, very easily. Unlike the Doctor, they would lay down their lives for him.

They’d been manipulated into opening the Rift. Jack had forgiven them immediately, and he knew in his bones that they had learned their lessons. He could only imagine the devastation they must have felt when he’d swanned off without a word, chasing the Doctor, who didn’t give a damn about him.

Not one of your better ideas, Jack.

No, Jack was done with the Doctor and he wanted his team hale and hearty so they could all go forward together. Still, Tish’s words were ringing in his ears. What would they want him to do? Would they respect his decision to protect them at the risk of his own welfare?

Probably not.

Jack sighed heavily. He still wasn’t sure what to do. He needed Ianto to talk to. After so much time alive, often feeling isolated or at least disconnected, he’d recently come to realize how much easier the hard decisions were to make when he had Ianto to discuss them with. Facing the consequences was often easier with him, too.

He set aside his conflicted thoughts and settled for reliving some pleasant memories. A part of Jack knew Tish’s words had been spot on and that he owed it to his team to help end this nightmare.

…………………………………………………

Day 240

“Let me try to help you, Ianto.”

“It’s not necessary, Jack.”

“Maybe not, but I’d like a chance to make up for causing the problem.”

“I don’t recall you being the one who tied me up with the intent of turning me into food.”

Jack ran his hands over Ianto’s arms and encouraged the younger man to look into his eyes. “Let me help you get cleaned up, get some food…”

“I don’t need a babysitter, Jack.”

“That’s not what I’m suggesting. I know you don’t need a caretaker, I’m offering comfort.”

He watched Ianto search his face. “What kind of comfort?”

Jack allowed himself a suggestive smile. “Oh, I was thinking some life affirming sex but I’m open to suggestions. What kind of comfort would you be interested in?”

Jack wrapped his arms around Ianto and pulled him close when the younger man leaned into him as if seeking the comfort he’d offered. Jack pressed his face to Ianto’s neck and breathed deeply. He felt an inexplicable desire to take him into his bed and spend the entire night helping him to feel alive again.

“What did you have to do to find us, Jack?”

Jack froze at Ianto’s words, his blood ran cold. “I only did what was necessary.”

“But at what cost to yourself?”

“Losing one of you would have been too high a price to pay.”

…………………………………………………..

When Jack finally decided to participate in the resistance, it was because he believed his team would expect him to. They would forgive him a multitude of sins, but never could they forgive him for giving up.

So Jack incurred the Master’s renewed wrath when he ripped his restraints out of the wall, overpowered some of his guards and made a run for the TARDIS. His sole task was to try to shut down the Paradox Machine.

Jack made it as far as the room that housed the TARDIS, but there he was faced with several of those fucking floating orbs. They caused just enough pain and delayed him long enough for a group of the Master’s storm troopers to reach him and empty their magazines into his chest.

He was going to need a new white vest. Again.