Author: Nick Scipio
Title: Summer Camp - Book 1: Susan
Part: Chapter 23
Universe: Summer Camp
Summary: Coming-of-age story about a teenager whose family spends 
their summer vacations at a nudist camp.
Keywords: mF, teen, oral
Revision: 2.02
Web Site: http://www.nickscipio.com/summercamp/book1/
FTP Site: ftp://ftp.nickscipio.com/summercamp/book1/
Discussion Forum: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Scipio_Forum/

*****************************************************************
                       STANDARD DISCLAIMER

This story is intended as ADULT entertainment. It contains 
material of an adult, explicit, SEXUAL nature. If you are 
offended by sexually explicit content or language, please DO NOT 
read any further.

This story is a work of fiction. All characters and events 
portrayed in it are fictional, and any resemblance to real people 
or incidents is purely coincidental. The author does not 
necessarily condone or endorse any of the activities described.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without 
the written permission of the author, Nick Scipio 
(nick_scipio@yahoo.com). It may be freely distributed with this 
disclaimer attached.

Copyright (c) 2002-2006 Nick Scipio. All rights reserved.

*****************************************************************

Summer Camp - Book 1: Susan
by Nick Scipio

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

The rest of that Sunday, Erin did her best to keep me occupied. 
She knew I was depressed, and I appreciated her company. I don't 
know if Mom had asked her to keep an eye on me, or she'd thought 
of it on her own, but I was silently thankful that she did.

When we went down to the lake, we found Kendall in a lounge chair, 
reading a book.

I unceremoniously flopped down next to her, and she closed her 
book, keeping her place with her finger. She looked at me and 
smiled. I tried to smile in return, but the best I could muster 
was probably not very good, judging by her sympathetic expression.

"Is she...?" she asked.

I nodded morosely.

"Are you okay?" She shifted the book and put her right hand on my 
arm.

Her touch was warm and reassuring, and scared me. Gina had only 
been gone less than twenty minutes, and having Kendall touch me 
somehow felt like cheating. Kendall sensed my tension and pulled 
back.

"I'm sorry, Paul."

I could hear the hurt in her voice. "It's okay, Kendall," I 
apologized, making eye contact with her. "I know you mean well. I 
guess I'm just a little jumpy is all."

She tactfully accepted my explanation.

"Paul?" Erin said softly.

I had completely forgotten about her, and I suddenly felt guilty. 
She was being so nice to me, and I repaid her by ignoring her. I 
turned to look at her, sitting on the lounge chair to my right, 
and smiled sheepishly.

Her eyes silently pleaded with me. For a moment, I was confused. 
Then, I remembered.

"Hey, Kendall," I said, turning away from Erin and leaning close 
to the older girl. I was glad to have something besides Gina to 
think about.

She leaned toward me as well, turning her head so my face was 
only inches from her ear.

"Erin and I were gonna hang out together this afternoon, and we 
thought that maybe Drew would like to hang out too. Would that be 
cool?"

Kendall grinned broadly and leaned forward, looking past me at 
Erin. Seeing my sister's open and eager face, Kendall nodded. 
Erin's elation was almost palpable.

"I'll be right back," Kendall said. She took a red ribbon and 
marked her place in the book and then set it on the lounger as 
she stood.

After she'd gone, Erin beamed at me, and silently mouthed, "Thank 
you."

I smiled and nodded.

Kendall returned about ten minutes later, accompanied by her 
brother. His eyes lit up when he saw Erin and he quickly seated 
himself next to her. Kendall slid gracefully into her lounge 
chair and smiled at me.

"Here," she said, handing me a book.

"What's this?"

She looked at me like I was a little boy.

I nodded sheepishly and looked at the cover of the book, _The 
Collected Stories of Eudora Welty_. Then it hit me. This was the 
book she'd been reading the day before. I looked at her 
questioningly.

"It seemed like you might've wanted to read that," she said.

I recalled that I had indeed meant to ask her about the book, but 
I hadn't actually done it. I was once again startled by her 
insight. "Thanks."

She picked up her own book and smiled again.

"What're you reading?" I asked.

"Truman Capote. He's another Southern author. When you get 
finished with Eudora Welty, you can see if you like him."

She smiled and I realized how incredibly beautiful she was. And 
how incredibly lonely I was. I hastily opened the book I held and 
studiously buried my nose, trying to get images of Kendall out of 
my mind.

Eventually, it worked. Mostly.

-----

Over the next couple of days, I gradually worked my way out of my 
funk. As the sharp edges of the memory of saying goodbye slowly 
wore off, my spirits returned to something approaching normal. 
Mom and Dad were very good about it, and even Erin was nice to me. 
I talked to Susan several times, including a few times when we 
were alone, but she sensed that I didn't want to do anything more 
than talk, and never pressed the issue.

The Tuesday after Gina's family left, Susan, clad in her usual 
bikini bottoms, had breakfast with us. She and Mom talked as they 
fixed cheese omelettes and toast--enough for all five of us. 
After breakfast, Mom asked me to stick around for a few minutes. 
Susan smiled and took her leave, and Dad and Erin headed down to 
the lake.

"Your dad's taking the car tomorrow," she said as we cleaned up 
the breakfast dishes. He had another trip to fly, but would only 
be gone a week this time. "I wanted to get some grocery shopping 
done before he does. Why don't you come with me?"

I didn't want to, and she could tell. I wanted to mope. I shook 
my head.

"I think you should," she said, insisting. "It'll be good for you 
to get out."

I quickly sensed that I wasn't going to get out of going to town 
simply by being moody. Resignedly, I nodded.

Mom told Dad that I was going with her, and we went up to the 
cabin to get dressed. On the drive to town, talking about 
inconsequential things, Mom eventually drew me out of my shell. 
We talked about everything from Gina and Kendall, to why Erin and 
I were getting along so well, to our plans for after the summer.

By the time we pulled into the Winn-Dixie parking lot, I was 
feeling much better. I quickly realized that that was her 
intention all along, and grinned thankfully at her. With a smile 
and wink, she got out of the car. I followed suit, and we walked 
toward the store.

I thought about the last time I had actually been in the grocery 
store, and with a blush, I realized I was getting hard thinking 
about it. I seriously doubted that this trip would be so... 
revealing.

Inside, Stacy and another cashier were each helping older women. 
Stacy looked up idly as we walked in, then obliviously looked 
back down to what she was ringing up. With a startled expression, 
she looked back up. I waved quickly and she waved back, blushing. 
The woman she was helping said something, and Stacy quickly 
returned her attention to her job.

I was dying to talk to Stacy, but I couldn't come up with any 
excuse that didn't sound lame. So I dutifully shopped with Mom, 
distractedly making small talk as we pushed our cart up and down 
the aisles, slowly filling it with groceries.

When we reached the last aisle, Mom led the way toward the 
checkout stands. She was headed for the other girl's line and my 
heart began to beat faster.

"Mom, how about the other line?" I asked tentatively.

She looked at it critically. Both lines had two older women in 
them. The woman last in line at Stacy's stand had more groceries, 
and Mom looked skeptical.

"I think the other line's moving faster," I said hopefully.

Mom watched for a moment and nodded judiciously. With a palpable 
sense of relief, I wheeled our cart into Stacy's line. Upon 
seeing us, Stacy smiled, and sped up. She had the two women in 
front of us checked out in no time.

"Hi," Stacy said cheerfully as we pulled up next to her cash 
register.

"Hello," Mom said.

"Hi," I said, a goofy smile on my face.

Stacy blushed and Mom looked at me.

"Do you two know each other?"

I nodded. "Mom, this is Stacy. Stacy, this is my mom, Beth."

"Nice to meet you, Stacy," Mom said.

"Nice to meet you too, Beth."

"Stacy is the girl who had car trouble. The one Susan and I 
helped," I volunteered helpfully.

"Ahhhh, I see," Mom said. Then she turned to Stacy. "I'm glad 
Paul and Susan came along when they did, then."

Stacy blushed crimson and nodded. She slowed her pace ringing up 
our groceries, as there was no one behind us in line. And, I 
hoped, she wanted to talk to me as much as she could. Not that we 
were actually talking, but the possibility existed, and I was 
excited.

When the end was in sight, Stacy started idly chatting with me, 
never missing an item.

"I called that number Susan gave me," she said.

Mom looked at me speculatively.

"Oh?" I asked noncommittally.

"Yeah," Stacy said. "I had an interview a week ago yesterday."

"How'd it go?"

"I got the job."

"Stacy, that's great! Congratulations," I said.

She stopped ringing items and looked at me, her eyes momentarily 
misting over. "You'll have to thank Susan for me," she said, her 
voice suddenly thick with emotion.

I nodded soberly. She smiled at me and returned her attention to 
the cash register.

Mom asked what we were talking about, and I quickly explained 
about the job with Susan's accountant, leaving out a few crucial 
details from the day in question.

"When did you all see Stacy?" Mom asked, her expression 
unreadable.

"Uh," I said, stalling and thinking furiously. "I saw Stacy at 
the movies that day, and we gave her a ride home." I thought it 
was brilliant.

"Oh, that's right. You went to the movies. You never told me what 
you saw," Mom said.

Stacy and I shared a look of mutual panic.

"Star Wars," I said quickly.

"Smoky and the Bandit," Stacy answered at the same time.

We looked at each other, startled, and my panic ratcheted up a 
few notches.

"It was a double feature," Stacy said calmly.

"Oh," Mom said, her expression once again unreadable.

Had we gotten away with it? Did she suspect? My heart was 
thudding like a trip-hammer.

"When do you start?" I asked, trying to change the subject.

"Monday," Stacy said. "I gave the store manager my two-week 
notice the same day. I was gonna be off this Friday anyway, to 
pick up my car, so Thursday's my last day."

"You're getting your car fixed?" I asked.

She nodded. "I've worked every day--a double shift most of 'em--
since my interview, just to save up enough to get it fixed." She 
laughed, a short bark of derisive laughter. "And you know what?"

"What?"

"Getting my car fixed is not gonna cost as much as I thought."

"Really?"

She nodded. "Yep. Turns out the only thing wrong with it was the 
starter solenoid. The garage even towed it for free, since they 
were gonna fix it. So I've got a little extra money," she said 
slyly.

Mom raised her eyebrows and Stacy quickly resumed her neutral 
expression.

"So I think I'm gonna pick up my car on Friday, and just come on 
out. Susan said to call her for directions."

Mom looked at me, her eyebrows arching questioningly.

"Um... Susan... um... Susan invited Stacy to come out and visit for the 
weekend," I said lamely.

By now, Stacy had finished ringing up our groceries. As Mom 
looked at her, she nodded without hesitation.

"Oh yes," Mom said. "Susan mentioned that to me this morning."

I stared at Mom in unconcealed shock. She merely smiled blandly. 
With a grin, Stacy moved to the end of the checkout stand to bag 
our groceries. Mom took out her wallet and pulled out bills, then 
started plucking change from an inside pocket. She paid Stacy and 
then turned to me.

"I'm going to go get the car and pull it in front of the store. 
C'mon out in a minute," she said nonchalantly.

My mouth hung open as she turned and strode purposefully out the 
front door. When we went shopping at home, we'd always wheel the 
cart out to the car. I couldn't remember a time, except when it 
was raining, when she'd pulled the car to the front of the store. 
But it wasn't raining outside, it was normal late-July South 
Carolina weather. Mom was Up To Something.

"I can't wait to see you Friday," Stacy said, pitching her voice 
low. "I have a surprise for you."

I began to panic. How would I tell Stacy about Gina? She already 
knew I liked Gina, but it somehow felt wrong to have sex with 
Stacy when Gina was supposed to be my girlfriend. _Was_ my 
girlfriend. No _supposed to be_ about it.

The only problem was, I really wanted to have sex with Stacy. In 
the worst way. Since Gina had left, I'd dutifully kept myself 
away from temptation, despite a few subtle offers from Susan. 
With Stacy coming to camp, I didn't know how I was going to 
resist. And worse, I didn't know if I wanted to. I did, but I 
didn't.

It was all so confusing.

"Paul?" Stacy asked, drawing me back from my introspection.

"Hmm?"

She could tell I was lost in thought, and I silently thanked her 
for not making more of it. "Your mom just pulled up outside."

"Oh?" I said absently.

She nodded gravely. "You've got to go."

Finally, I focused on her face. In my head, I replayed what she'd 
said, then spun around quickly. Sure enough, Mom was sitting in 
the idling car, just outside the front doors of the store. I 
noticed with a blush that she was tactfully not looking our 
direction.

Stacy noticed too. When I turned back around, she gave a quick 
look around the store to make sure no one was looking at us, and 
leaned forward. Her lips brushed against mine and I suddenly 
yearned for more. I wanted to hold her against me and kiss her. 
Really kiss her. But, I thought to myself, that would be wrong. 
Wouldn't it?

"C'mon," she said cheerfully, seeing no one in her line. "I'll 
help you with the cart."

I nodded dumbly and she grinned at me, blushing. I felt the lump 
in my shorts, caused by my sudden erection, and blushed as well. 
Treacherous organ!

With her help, I began to load the groceries into the back of the 
car. During the mindless activity, I had hoped my erection would 
subside. With Stacy so close, however, I could feel the whisper 
of air as she moved next to me. We accidentally touched, reaching 
for the same bag, and I felt a jolt of electricity at the contact. 
When we finished, I was still very stiff.

Stacy noticed, and smiled knowingly. I wanted her so badly. And I 
desperately wished that I didn't.

"It was a pleasure to meet you, Beth," Stacy said, leaning down 
and speaking through the still-open tailgate. "I'm looking 
forward to this weekend."

"A pleasure meeting you as well," Mom said graciously. "I'm 
looking forward to seeing more of you."

Stacy blushed furiously. Mom smiled and then burst out laughing. 
Her laughter quickly infected Stacy, and she began giggling as 
well.

How could they be laughing at a time like this? How?

Stacy stood, and upon seeing my stricken expression, smiled 
mischievously. Pushing the cart out of the way, she raised up on 
tiptoe and kissed my cheek. Then she pressed her face against my 
own, her soft, smooth flesh making me swell uncomfortably

"I can't wait to see you," she whispered, her lips almost 
brushing my ear. To my horror, she then surreptitiously rubbed 
her fingers along the line of my erection.

She giggled again, musically, and began to wheel the cart into 
the store without a backward glance. I swallowed hard. Moving 
like an automaton, I closed the tailgate and walked around to the 
passenger door, oblivious to my tented shorts. I got in the car, 
shut the door with a solid thunk, and wondered what I'd done to 
deserve being in such a predicament.

Mom chuckled richly, much to my consternation and disbelief, and 
put the car in gear, smoothly pulling out of the parking lot.

-----

While we were driving out of town, Mom left me to my thoughts. I 
was suddenly embarrassed that I had an erection in front of her, 
after all that had happened between us.

I was daydreaming about Stacy, and trying to will myself to stop. 
I wanted to think about Gina, but I couldn't. In my mind, I 
excoriated myself. I shouldn't be having thoughts of another girl. 
I shouldn't!

Yet I couldn't help it.

"You want to talk about what's the matter?" Mom asked softly.

I felt hot tears sting my eyes and shook my head tersely.

"Sure?"

I turned away from her and stared out the window. I nodded once, 
angrily.

"What you're feeling is okay, Paul."

How would she know what I was feeling? I tried to ignore her, 
turning my body away from her and balling my fist under my chin, 
watching the landscape pass.

Thankfully, she let it drop.

The rest of the drive was quiet. She left me alone with my 
thoughts. Unfortunately, they ran the gamut from elation to shame. 
It hadn't been two full days since Gina and her family had left, 
and I was already thinking about having sex with Stacy. What kind 
of boyfriend was I? A bad one, I thought.

-----

When we pulled up to the padlocked gate, Mom stopped the car and 
turned off the engine. It pinged as it cooled and I could hear 
the slight breeze through the trees. I looked at her, confused, 
as she turned to face me.

She paused for a moment to gather her thoughts, and I began to 
panic. Was she mad at me for not talking to her? Did she see 
Stacy kiss me? Did she know about Stacy? What would she do if she 
did? With a monumental act of will, I suppressed my rising panic. 
I was still on edge, but I'd stopped asking myself questions I 
couldn't answer.

"I guess we should've had this conversation sooner," Mom said 
quietly, "but I just didn't know how." She looked at me earnestly, 
and I began to regret getting angry with her earlier. "I do know 
what you're going through."

"Yeah?" I said defiantly, petulantly. I immediately regretted it.

Her face softened and her expression turned wistful. "Yes," she 
said in a sad voice. "I do. And I want to help."

I didn't have the courage to apologize.

She could see it in my eyes, though. She nodded. "I like Stacy," 
she said suddenly.

The non sequitur completely put me off. What was she talking 
about?

"She seems like a nice girl."

"She's hardly a girl," I said, almost hotly.

Mom shook her head quickly. "You're right. And you're hardly a 
boy."

My brow creased in confusion.

She smiled again, gently, and smoothed her skirt, drying her 
hands. "Paul... It's okay to have... urges." She stopped abruptly and 
shook her head. "I've turned into my mother," she said to herself 
in disbelief. "And now I'm having the 'urges' conversation." She 
looked at me again and grinned wryly. "I promised myself, a long 
time ago, that I'd never talk to you like my mom talked to me, 
and here I am doing it."

She laughed ruefully. Then she looked at me, her expression 
serious. "Paul, it's okay to want to have sex with Stacy."

I would've looked less shocked if she'd poleaxed me. I felt the 
heat rising in my face, my ears burning.

"What do you mean?" I asked, trying to feign innocence.

She looked at me skeptically.

I desperately wanted to change the subject, but had no idea how. 
Finally, I decided that she probably wouldn't let me, even if I 
_could_ think of a way. My innocent facade crumbled.

"That's better," she said.

"You know about Stacy?" I asked, incredulous.

"Yes," she said simply. "And I think she's good for you."

"What do you mean?" I asked, suspicion coloring my tone.

"I mean, I think she's good for you."

I felt my eyes narrow, seemingly of their own accord.

"It's okay to want to have sex with Stacy. Or Susan."

I looked at her, dubious.

"Paul, sex is a natural thing. And wanting to have sex is not 
something you can turn off simply because your girlfriend is gone 
for a year."

Thanks for reminding me, I thought sullenly.

"What I mean is," she said quickly, "that it's natural to want to 
have sex. And that sex is not love. Love is not sex."

"Huh?"

"Sex is not the same as love. And love isn't the same as sex."

I rolled my eyes at her. I got that part. Now _what_ was she 
talking about?

"You love me, and I love you. But we can't have sex. Right?"

I rolled my eyes again, sarcastically. She'd made that abundantly 
clear. And even though I understood why, from her perspective, I 
still didn't feel the same way. Well, not really. Mostly. Or so I 
thought.

"You love Susan, and you have sex with her."

I blushed at her frank appraisal.

"You love Gina, I think you're probably in love with Gina." Now 
she was starting to sound like Susan. "But you haven't had sex 
with her."

Did she _have_ to bring up Gina?

"Do you love Stacy?"

The question hung in the hot, still air. I felt the seconds 
laboriously ticking by. Finally, I shook my head.

"But you want to have sex with her."

I set my jaw, but I could tell she knew. She'd seen how I reacted 
to Stacy. Oh yes, she knew.

"Do you see what I'm getting at?"

No. No I don't, I thought sullenly.

"Sometimes sex is just sex. Sometimes, it's sex _and_ love, and 
it's really good. And sometimes, like with you and me, there's 
love, without sex."

I wanted to believe her. I wanted to understand her. I wanted to 
have sex with Stacy. And Susan. But I was in love with Gina. How 
could that mean anything if I was having sex with Stacy or Susan?

"I think I know a little something about Gina and her family," 
she said, an unreadable twinkle in her eyes. "And I think she 
might be more adventurous than you realize."

What was _that_ supposed to mean?

"But that's for the two of you to discover, when you're together. 
Right now, it's okay to want to have sex with Stacy. It's not 
cheating if you don't make it cheating."

Now she was starting to make sense. Or, at least I was starting 
to understand what she was talking about, even if she still 
wasn't making all that much sense. "What do you mean?" I asked.

"I mean, that as long as it's not cheating in your heart, you can 
have sex with Stacy. Or Susan."

"But not with you," I said, sarcasm welling dangerously close to 
the surface.

She smiled and blushed, shaking her head. "No, not the two of us. 
That's different."

I let it drop. "You said having... having sex with Stacy wouldn't 
be cheating?" I desperately wanted to believe this. Needed to.

She nodded. "You can still be in love with Gina and have sex with 
Stacy. And it's not cheating unless you make it cheating, unless 
you think you could leave Gina and fall in love with Stacy."

I quickly shook my head. I knew I didn't love Stacy. I liked her, 
very much, but with Gina it was... different.

"You and Gina can decide, when the time comes, what kind of 
relationship you want to have," she said.

Hadn't Susan said something just like that? I began to wonder 
what the two of them talked about, and how much of it involved me.

"But until then, you and Stacy can have sex, and you won't be 
cheating," she said.

I wanted to believe her. I didn't understand, completely, what 
she was talking about, but I still wanted, desperately, to 
believe her. Because I wanted Stacy, very badly. And soon.

Thinking about it, I felt my penis stir, filling with blood. I 
was quickly erect, my hard-on tenting my shorts uncomfortably. 
Mom saw the sudden motion and looked at my outlined penis. She 
looked up at me and blushed. Then she grinned. "At least someone 
thinks I'm right," she said teasingly.

I think I turned six shades of red.

"But do you understand what I'm talking about?" she asked gently.

I thought about it for a moment, and then slowly nodded. I wanted 
to understand what she was talking about, but I suspected that it 
was going to be another "love" and "in love" kind of thing--tough 
to wrap my mind around.

"Good. Now, why don't you unlock the gate? Let's get going."

I got out of the car and surreptitiously rearranged my erection, 
and then unlocked the chain as Mom started the car. She was 
through the gate and I locked it behind her, and then I quickly 
hopped back in the car.

-----

When we drove past the clubhouse, I looked at her, wondering 
where we were going. Even though I was staring at her, Mom never 
batted an eyelash. When we pulled up to Susan's house, she put 
the car in park and looked at me.

"Susan asked me to pick up a few groceries for her. Would you 
mind taking them in for me?"

I shook my head, still confused.

She got out of the car, leaving the engine running, and I 
followed suit. Around back, she selected a few things--a loaf of 
bread, a dozen eggs, a jar of mustard--and handed them to me.

As we walked toward the house, I wondered why Mom had even 
bothered asking me. The car was parked right at the entrance to 
the courtyard; she could have just as easily taken them without 
me.

I knocked with the hand holding the mustard, curling my fingers 
protectively around the jar and rapping on the windowpane. Susan 
was actually in the kitchen and quickly opened the door.

"Hi, Paul," she said brightly. Then she looked over my shoulder 
at Mom.

I turned around just in time to see Mom nod seriously. She arched 
her eyebrows at my confused look and I turned back to Susan.

"Thank you, Beth," Susan said over my shoulder. "Will you come in 
for a few minutes?"

I stepped into the cool air of the kitchen as she moved aside. 
Mom stepped in behind me and Susan shut the door.

"Thanks for getting the groceries for me, Beth," Susan said 
graciously.

"It was no bother."

"Well, thanks just the same."

I stared at the women as they chatted urbanely, wondering what 
was going on.

"Would you like to join me for lunch?" Susan asked brightly.

I started to open my mouth to decline, but before I could say a 
word, Mom beat me to it.

"I can't. But I'm sure Paul wouldn't mind," she said as I turned 
to look at her. "I can get the groceries myself," she said to me. 
"Enjoy your lunch." She waved, and without a backward glance, she 
headed back out to the idling station wagon.

I must have been the picture of confusion, standing in Susan's 
kitchen, holding the groceries to my chest. I turned back at her 
with a helpless look; she took the groceries from me and set them 
on the kitchen table.

"Why don't you go ahead and get your clothes off while I make us 
some sandwiches."

Dumbstruck, I watched as she hooked her thumbs in her bikini 
bottoms and pulled them over her hips. "I just got back from the 
clubhouse," she said by way of explanation.

The sight of her smooth-shaven pussy never failed to excite me. 
And the tumescent state my penis had managed to achieve during 
the ride from the gate quickly turned into a full erection.

She grinned mischievously and looked at my dick, which was 
tenting the front of my shorts. "Tell you what," she said, 
sinking to her knees. "Why don't I help, _then_ we can have 
lunch."

For the first time since the beginning of the summer and those 
first days helping Susan after the storm, I was embarrassed by my 
erection. I didn't want her to see it; I didn't want to desire 
her as much as I did.

She ran her hands up my thighs and I nearly jumped onto the 
counter. She pulled the elastic waistband of my shorts out, 
catching my underwear as well. With one deft motion, she had them 
bunched around my thighs.

"Relax," she said, looking up at me around my jutting erection. 
She held my eyes with her own. "It's okay."

I realized that I was trembling; actually trembling. I wanted to 
escape. I wanted to run all the way back to our cabin. I wanted 
to be faithful to Gina. I wanted Susan to suck my dick. I wanted 
her to swallow when I came. I wanted... I don't know _what_ I 
wanted. My head wanted one thing and my dick wanted another. 
Treacherous organ!

Susan smiled at me and wrapped her hand around the base of my 
shaft. Her touch was electric, and I jerked as if slapped. She 
moved her left hand up to fondle my balls and I leaned heavily 
against the counter.

"There," she said softly, starting to stroke me slowly, "that's 
not so bad."

My eyes wide, I looked down my torso, watching her face as she 
concentrated on my dick. Her warm hands felt so good, like they 
belonged there. She wasn't doing anything she hadn't done before-
-many times--but her touch felt so new. So exciting. So... illicit. 
And I hated myself for enjoying it.

She closed her eyes and drew a deep breath, and from experience, 
I knew what she was going to do. She didn't disappoint me. How 
could I love Gina if I let Susan suck my dick? How? My lust-
addled brain completely overlooked the conversation I'd had with 
Mom, not twenty minutes before. My penis, however, couldn't 
overlook the fact that Susan had just wrapped her lips around the 
crown and was sucking gently. Nor could my brain. As she opened 
her mouth to take me deeper, all protests--verbal and mental--
died unvoiced as I surrendered myself to her touch.

Sensing my need, she didn't even tease me. She began taking my 
dick into her throat with long, sure strokes. I gripped the edge 
of the counter and concentrated on the sensations she was 
creating in my cock. It had been a long time since she'd sucked 
me, and I'd forgotten just how good her throat felt.

It wasn't long before I felt the familiar pressure of my orgasm 
building up. She sensed it as well and quickened her pace, 
caressing me with her strong lips. I felt my balls retract and 
gripped the counter fiercely. With a groan, I felt the first 
surge of semen coursing through my shaft. She felt it too and 
clamped her lips around me, waiting for my come to bathe her 
tongue and gush down her throat.

She didn't have to wait long; the first spurt felt like it was 
literally ripped from my body. It was so powerful that my vision 
went hazy and I was suddenly glad that I was leaning against the 
counter. I don't remember the remainder of the spurts because I 
was so lost in the sensations washing over me. My head lolled 
back as I groaned with the force of my orgasm.

When I finally came to my senses, the first thing I felt was 
Susan pulling back. Her lips left my still-hard cock, and over 
the pounding in my ears--the pounding of my own pulse--I heard 
her swallow and breathe, and then swallow and breathe again.

"Wow," she said quietly, still breathing heavily.

I looked down past my own heaving chest as she took me into her 
mouth again. She milked my shaft with her hand, getting the last 
of my semen, and then pulled back. Looking up at me, she 
swallowed again, grinned wryly, and kissed the tip of my cock.

I watched, mesmerized, as she pulled my shorts and underwear the 
rest of the way down my legs. At her gentle urging, I stepped out 
of them and let her begin untying my shoes. Soon, she had a small, 
neat pile of my clothing on the floor. She kissed my penis again, 
causing it to jerk, and then stood up. With one economical motion, 
she stripped my t-shirt over my head and I was nude.

"How about sandwiches for lunch?" she asked.

-----

During lunch, the guilt set in. I hated myself for what I'd done, 
and worse, for enjoying it. As I thought about Susan sucking me, 
my penis twitched again. Then, I thought about having sex with 
her. Thinking of sinking into her smooth pussy, the sight of my 
cock spreading her open filled my mind's eye and my penis 
stiffened again. And a wave of guilt washed over me, only to be 
swiftly pushed aside as thoughts of Susan riding me cavorted 
through my imagination.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

I opened my eyes and realized that I had a death grip on the edge 
of the table. I quickly relaxed, and my white-knuckled fingers 
slowly regained color. I shook my head, not trusting myself to 
speak, and fervently wished my erection would subside.

She stood gracefully and quickly cleared our lunch dishes. My 
sandwich was largely untouched, I'd been so preoccupied with my 
thoughts. She extended her hand to me but I resolutely shook my 
head, feeling my hard-on pulsing gently with the beating of my 
heart. She motioned insistently, and I shook my head again, 
refusing to meet her gaze.

"Don't you think it's a little late to be worrying about an 
erection?" she chided me gently.

I looked at her and blinked. How could she possibly know? Could 
she read me like a book? Was I that transparent?

When I still didn't move, she reached down and took my hand. I 
followed her reluctantly as she led me into the living room, my 
erection bobbing gently as I walked. She sat me down on the couch 
and then took a seat beside me.

"Did you and your mom have a talk?"

I nodded mutely. Then, it hit me! How did Susan know about our 
conversation? I looked at her in astonishment. "You knew?"

She simply nodded.

How? Breakfast! She and mom had talked at breakfast. And the look 
they shared when we arrived with the groceries. The pieces were 
slowly starting to come together.

"Are you surprised?" she asked.

I nodded, still deep in thought.

"Are you angry?"

I looked at her, thinking about the question, running it over in 
my mind. Was I? I just didn't know. My brow furrowed in 
concentration and then I slowly shook my head. No, I don't think 
I was mad; more surprised than anything else.

"Are you feeling a little guilty?"

I nodded glumly. Despite that, my erection still stuck straight 
up, refusing to subside.

"Do you love Gina?"

I was shocked, and looked at her in confusion. She pressed the 
question and I nodded.

"Do you love her less than you did this morning?"

I quickly shook my head.

"But I gave you a blowjob. Doesn't that make you love her less?"

I shook my head again, almost angrily.

"It doesn't?"

"No."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes," I said, exasperation coloring my tone.

"Really? You don't love her less? You haven't stopped loving her 
completely?" she asked skeptically.

"No," I said, finally angry. "I still love her. And I always 
will!"

In a flash, Susan was moving. I was so shocked that I could only 
watch as she easily straddled my hips. With a deft motion, she 
caught my erection and set it at the entrance to her pussy. 
Without preamble, she sank onto my length, closing her eyes as 
she did so. She was not as wet as she usually was, and she 
lowered herself slowly, easing my girth inside her. When I was 
seated firmly within her, she opened her eyes and looked at me 
seriously.

"How about now?" she asked. "Do you still love her?"

I resisted the urge to push her off me and nodded angrily.

She rose off me and lowered herself again. With my shaft buried 
inside her, she was getting wetter. As she moved, I felt my own 
arousal growing, despite my reluctance.

"But we're having sex," Susan said matter-of-factly.

"So?"

"So? You can't possibly still be in love with Gina. You can't 
fuck me and still be in love with her," she said as she continued 
to slide up and down on my cock. Her expression broadcast her 
challenge.

"Yes... I... can," I said through tight lips. Her pussy felt so good, 
and I was trying so hard not to enjoy it.

"No, you can't," she said, arguing with me.

"Can too." Now, I was mad, and ready to throw her off me, despite 
how good it felt. Why was she baiting me? Couldn't she see how 
angry I was?

She did see, and she stopped moving atop me. Her face, however, 
remained challenging. "I don't think you can. I don't think you 
do still love her."

"Susan," I said very slowly, in the voice my father used when he 
was very frustrated with me, but trying not to show it, "I do 
still love her. I always will."

"But you're fucking me."

"So?" I asked, defiantly. Finally, I snapped. "So I'm fucking 
you!" I was practically shouting at Susan, her face only a foot 
in front of my own. "I still love her, and nothing's going to 
change that!"

As suddenly as she'd challenged me, she stopped, her face 
becoming gentle and open. "Exactly," she said softly.

At her sudden change in mood and expression, I furiously thought 
back through our conversation, wondering what I'd said to make 
her stop taunting me. Then, I understood. I did still love Gina, 
despite the fact that Susan was sitting impaled on my dick. I 
recoiled as if slapped, and my eyes grew wide.

Susan nodded slowly as she watched me work through the 
ramifications of what I'd said.

I looked at her in wonder, my eyes slowly focusing on hers. My 
belligerence drained from me like water as I slumped against the 
back of the couch.

"Now do you see what we've been talking about?" she asked gently.

I swallowed hard and nodded. "I think so."

"Sex is not love, and love is not sex."

My eyes narrowed and I stared at her suspiciously. Mom had said 
the same thing to me earlier.

She laughed musically and covered her mouth with her hand. "Yes," 
she said, as if reading my mind. "Your mom and I talked about it 
last night, and again this morning. She loves you very much, you 
know?"

"Mom?"

"Mmm hmm. And so do I."

I blinked at her, at a loss for words.

"And we both want you to be happy."

"Well, you have a strange way of showing it," I said, trying to 
regain some dignity.

"I don't think so," she said, wiggling her hips for effect. "I 
like the way I have of showing it."

I grinned ruefully and she chuckled.

"Would you like to finish this somewhere else?" she asked.

With a start, I realized I was still inside her, still hard. I 
suddenly appreciated how much I'd missed being inside her, how 
warm and wet she was. I blushed and averted my eyes, nodding 
slightly.

"Mmm, me too," she practically purred.

In one smooth motion, she stood, leaving my slick penis to slap 
against my stomach. I shuddered as the cool air bathed my 
erection. Susan reached down to help me up, and then we walked to 
her bedroom, hand in hand.

Once there, she directed me to climb onto the center of the bed. 
She pulled her hair back into a ponytail and secured it with a 
bow. Grinning impishly, she looked much younger than her actual 
years, and my penis swelled in anticipation. She didn't fail to 
notice, and grinned wryly.

"Mmm, I want something longer than before lunch," she said, 
crawling between my legs.

I scooted toward the headboard and propped myself on her pillows 
as she settled between my spread legs.

She wasted little time teasing me and simply wrapped her lips 
around the crown of my cock. She took half my length, paused, and 
then took me the rest of the way in one motion. I groaned as the 
head hit the back of her throat, enjoying myself much more than I 
had before lunch.

She tightened her lips around me and pulled back, sucking so hard 
her cheeks caved in. I groaned as she reached the head and 
swirled her tongue around it. My dick slipped from her mouth and 
she steadied it with one hand as she rubbed the smooth skin of 
her face against the sensitive glans.

I shuddered at the sensation as she rubbed my saliva-slick shaft 
over her face. She kissed her way down to my balls and washed her 
tongue over them, sucking each one gently into her mouth. She 
quickly returned to the head, however, and kissed it wetly.

Making eye contact with me, she grinned and then slowly took my 
length in her mouth. Caressing the length of my shaft with her 
supple lips, she began taking long strokes, flicking her tongue 
against the soft underside of my glans when she reached it. She 
sucked me like that for a long, wonderful time.

I lasted longer than I thought I would, but not as long as I 
wanted to. Gripping the bedspread, I felt my orgasm building 
toward its peak. I arched my back and pressed my head into the 
pillows as the first jet of semen shot up my shaft. She moaned 
when the spurt hit the back of her throat, and began to milk me 
with her hand.

As my orgasm slowly subsided, she gently stroked my member, 
draining me completely. When she was done, she released my 
softening cock from her mouth and crawled up the bed. I raised my 
head weakly and watched her move, marveling at the sight of her 
body as she lay next to me.

She sighed contentedly and tucked herself under my arm, her own 
arm thrown over my chest and her leg resting comfortably on my 
thigh. We both lay there, panting and enjoying the quiet 
companionship of the moment.

-----

We made love a short while later. It was long, and languid, and 
very gentle. She wrapped her legs around me as I thrust into her, 
locking her ankles together at the small of my back. Her hands 
around my shoulders, she looked into my eyes, arching her back 
and pressing her pelvis against me. She came harder than I'd ever 
felt, shuddering and quaking against me, her pussy gripping me 
like a vise. That pushed me over the edge, and I thrust into her 
one final time, burying myself to the root, and filled her with 
my seed.

Afterward, we held each other. I was still inside her and our 
legs were tangled, but it was the best feeling I'd had in a long 
time. I leaned down to kiss her, full on the lips, something I'd 
never done before. She didn't resist me; instead, she pulled me 
to her, darting her tongue into my mouth, her body responding 
against me.

I tasted salty sweat on her lips as we kissed, long and deep. 
When we broke the kiss, we were both breathless. She grinned at 
me and took a deep breath.

"Mmmmm, I've been wanting to do that for a long time," she said 
contentedly.

I furrowed my brow in confusion. "Why didn't you?"

"The time wasn't right."

I didn't understand, but I didn't really want to.

We kissed again and then I rolled onto my back, pulling her with 
me. Our sweat slowly drying and cooling our skin, we fell asleep 
within minutes of each other.

-----

Susan and I made love again later that afternoon. We filled the 
tub with steaming hot water and gingerly lowered ourselves into 
it. I sat at the back of the tub, my arms along the wide, curled 
edge, and she sat between my legs, leaning back against my chest. 
The water and bath oil felt decadent, and we soaked contentedly 
for a long time.

The tension and frustration of earlier was leeched away by the 
warm water and suds as we washed each other tenderly. I couldn't 
believe how mad I'd been at her earlier, but I was slowly 
beginning to understand the logic of it.

All thoughts of earlier were banished, however, when she began to 
playfully stroke my soft penis. I didn't respond as quickly as I 
usually did, but soon enough, I had a respectable erection.

I slid down in the tub and Susan turned and slipped her legs over 
mine. She lifted herself and slowly came down on my cock, sinking 
onto it, and into the water, with a sigh. I played with her slick 
nipples as she rode me, running my thumbs over them and making 
her shudder. As she increased her pace, I increased the pressure, 
and soon she was bouncing atop me as I pulled and twisted her 
nipples.

She began rocking her hips back and forth, rubbing her clit 
against the base of my shaft, and I knew her orgasm was imminent. 
With a low, tearing moan, she came. Her pussy clenched my shaft 
and she sat down heavily, burying my manhood deep within her. As 
her pussy spasmed around my intruding length, the feeling was 
incredible.

When her orgasm subsided, she looked at me through hooded eyes, 
smiling tiredly. She leaned back in the tub, holding herself with 
her hands on the side, and looked at me, breathing deeply.

"Fuck me. Gently. My clit is still very sensitive."

I pulled back a little and lifted my hips, sliding into her. She 
closed her eyes tightly and lolled her head back, breathing in 
ragged gasps through her open mouth. I fucked her slowly, 
tenderly, sliding into her with measured strokes.

She moaned each time I entered her, and I could tell she was 
building to another orgasm. It didn't take me long to reach the 
point of no return, and I felt my fourth orgasm of the day 
welling up inside me. Her pussy was clenching me as I thrust the 
final time, feeling the warmth of my orgasm spreading through my 
abdomen. With a rush and a muted groan of my own, I came inside 
her.

When my cock erupted, filling her with my seed, she reached her 
peak. She shuddered uncontrollably as she came again, her muscles 
clutching at my spurting erection. My orgasm quickly subsided, 
but hers kept going. Her breathing was shallow and rapid as the 
waves of pleasure washed over her.

Her pussy spastically clutched at my shrinking cock, and I was 
suddenly afraid that she might pass out. Her pussy finally 
relaxed around me and she raised herself on trembling arms, 
collapsing against my chest as she drew a ragged, shuddering 
breath.

-----

By the time my softening dick finally slipped from her pussy, the 
water had turned cold around us. The suds had all died, but 
neither of us cared. Susan stood on rubbery legs and grinned at 
me. I lifted myself out of the tub after I pulled the stopper 
with my toe. With fluffy towels around us, we stepped out of the 
draining water and slowly dried off.

As Susan delicately dried her stomach and upper thighs, she 
shuddered again and grinned at me ruefully.

"That's the best orgasm I've had in a long, long time," she said.

I nodded in agreement and she grinned again.

"Are you happy with yourself?" she asked with mock severity.

I nodded, feeling insufferably smug, and then she laughed. It was 
infectious, and I soon found myself laughing as well.

"We'd better get back to the clubhouse," she said, "before your 
mother thinks I've kidnapped you."

-----

Susan asked if she could join us for dinner that night. Mom and 
Dad readily agreed, and Susan shared a profound look with Mom. 
Mom looked at me and winked, and I almost choked on the Coke I 
was drinking. The rest of dinner was mostly normal. Mostly. It 
seemed like Mom, Dad, and Susan were having an immense 
conversation with only shared looks and gestures. I was dying to 
know what they were "talking" about, but kept my questions to 
myself.

After dinner, the three of them retired to one of the couches. 
Kendall and Drew invited Erin and me to play cards. Erin's 
pleading look almost made me burst into laughter, and I teased 
her only a little bit before agreeing to join them. They taught 
us how to play pinochle, and we were soon lost in the game, 
oblivious to the world around us.

I thought of Gina only a few times, but Kendall could usually see 
the signs and would change the subject, or tease me gently. I was 
slowly gaining a tremendous appreciation for her friendship. She 
never let me work myself into a funk and was very, very easy to 
talk to.

After several games of pinochle where Kendall and I easily beat 
Drew and Erin--Erin wasn't paying a bit of attention to the game, 
focusing entirely on getting Drew to pay attention to her--we 
decided to sit out on the patio. Drew and Erin stayed inside to 
talk, leaving us to ourselves.

On the patio, we talked about everything, from Gina to our plans 
after the summer. Kendall had a subtle way of reinforcing the 
things that I liked about Gina, while not letting me stray into 
maudlin thoughts. And I found that I liked talking to her. She 
and I could talk about things that I'd never share with Manfred, 
or anyone else for that matter.

After I walked Kendall to her family's Winnebago, I went to our 
cabin. Erin was already there, having come up a few minutes 
before me. Mom and Dad were still down at the clubhouse with 
Susan, so I left the porch light on for them. Erin prattled on 
about Drew, and how cute he was. I tried to pay attention, but 
she seemed to be mostly talking to herself, expecting little 
commentary from me.

For my part, I was thinking of Gina. When Erin finally went to 
sleep, after only a few monosyllabic answers from me, I drifted 
off as well, happier than I can ever remember being.

-----

Copyright (c) 2002-2006 Nick Scipio. All rights reserved.