The Resort Ambassador
by ReaderMan

It begins... The Mailgirl Mat (Chapter 19.3)

Monday Part 3 – The Mailgirl Mat

Taking a deep breath, I walked slowly towards Sarah like an inmate to the gallows. Ben and the girls were all watching me, everyone else seemed to be distracted with their work – as if this were a normal day. It made sense. The guys didn’t yet know about the mailgirl app, or what I signed up for.

Looking back, I saw Becca with her hand over her mouth. As if she were shocked this was actually happening. Hannah tried to cheer me with a thumbs up. Sam looked unhappy. Beyond them, near the back wall, I saw Brandy watching me like a hawk. The little monster was reminding me with her powerful gaze, how many times I promised her I would be a perfect little mailgirl. Her penetrating stare distracted me, and I almost walked into a table as I returned my eyes to the front.

To my right, I passed by Ben and Liz, both watching me with sympathetic eyes, Ben more than Liz. Liz seemed to be both excited and sad as she looked up and down a few times as if she was ashamed to be excited about this.

Up ahead Sarah waited patiently as I walked up to her and looked her straight in the eyes.

“You look like you aren’t ready for this,” she laughed. “Take a few to gather yourself. Go throw some water on your face. We can start after you get back.”

Not wanting to wait any longer, I stood there and shook my head.

Sarah pulled her phone out of her pocket and answered it. “Yes Ma’am, not yet. What, right now?” She sighed. “Okay, fine. I’ll have it for you in a few minutes,” she said, putting her phone back in her pocket. “Emi, I’ll be right back. Sorry for the delay, but I still have to do real work around here.” With that, she left the room carrying her laptop with her.

Still standing in front of her desk I heard Travis call my name. “Emi… ahh… do you have a moment?” I looked back.

Travis looked up from my ass. Realizing that he was caught, he blushed like a fire-hydrant.

Seeing as I had a few minutes, I welcomed the distraction and walked over to him. “What’s up?” I asked in a friendly voice.

“Ahh… this is all messed up,” he said, gesturing at some javascript.

Looking at it I saw the problem and explained it to him.

“Ohhh… yeah, thanks I didn’t see that,” he said, looking happy. He moved his face closer to the screen and squished his big red eyebrows together in thought.

He has come a long way. Before he couldn’t even touch javascript, and now at least he had some sense of it. I felt good about how far he has come with the training. Others said he would never move past simple HTML and CSS, but I proved them wrong. Travis was awkward and socially slow, but he had a curious mind and enjoyed learning. I was proud of my progress with him and the full team for that matter. We all respected each other, or at least they did. Maybe that was about to change. I cleared my throat. “Guys, can you all gather around? I have something important to share.”

I watched them as they came up to me. Asher looked sharp as usual. His dark skin contrasted nicely with his muted white polo shirt and gray shorts. He glanced at me with a curious expression as I moved my eyes to Raul. His black hair was in its trademark ponytail and went well with his sloppy Iranian t-shirt. His face looked concerned as if he was expecting bad news. Eddie and Leo were late, still distracted with something on their computers. They ran up together and stood behind Ben and Liz, who had just arrived. Liz was looking around, watching everything. She glanced at Becca and the girls who were still in their seats watching me.

Ben didn’t look happy and turned his head to glare at Brandy for a moment.

“Who here knows what a mailgirl is?” I asked, looking around apprehensively.

Leo and Raul raised their hands, followed by Ben and Liz, tentatively. Soon more hands reluctantly followed.

“Considering the news, and other things…” Asher said. “Most of us have… *cough* looked it up.”

“You guys, something very weird is about to happen.” A breath. “I’m going to be making a mailgirl app and well, I got talked into becoming a temporary part-time mailgirl to better understand the development of the project,” I said, looking around at the confused faces.

“It’s going to start any moment. And it’s for an adult cosplay initiative that the island is doing to attract more nudists,” I added, hoping that this would make some sense, wondering if anyone had already heard about this. So far everyone but Liz and Ben seemed surprised at the news.

Raul raised his eyebrows. “Seriously? You’re going to be like a real-life mailgirl?”

I nodded, hoping this was sinking in. “Well… just part-time. I just want you all to know that it’s going to be very hard for me, humiliating in fact, but I agreed to all this so you don’t have to feel bad about it. Just please, don’t think too poorly of me.” I looked into each of the devs’ eyes, pleading.

Sarah waltzed into the room. “I’m back,” she said, putting her laptop down. She grabbed a mat and plopped it onto the floor in front of Emi. “We will start in a moment, Emi. You probably don’t need your running shoes. Can you take them off and stand on the mat while I explain what’s going on to everyone?”

I nodded and started taking off my shoes. My heart began to beat faster.

Raul rubbed his head. “Emi already did… she said something about having to do some mailgirl stuff?”

“That’s right Raul,” Sarah said, looking slightly annoyed. “But I need to explain the rules here, and everyone needs to know them. As they are very important. Liz go grab Becca’s team, they need to know as they will be participating as well.”

Liz ran over and let them know. They came over immediately as they had been watching closely.

I finished taking my shoes off and stood on the mat, while Becca, Hannah, and Sam joined the group. I saw Brandy move to a closer desk. Probably so she could better witness my humiliation.

“Thanks, Emi. We will start your morning mat session in a bit. First I need to explain what’s happening – so everyone doesn’t freak out,” she said with a laugh. “So just stand on the mat with your hands clasped behind your back like this,” she said, showing me with her own hands behind her back.

I mirrored her example.

“Perfect. Now stand with your feet this far apart,” she said, moving her feet just wider than shoulder-width.

I followed her instructions, thankful that I still had the shirt on, but felt growing anxiety, knowing that the shirt would be coming off when she started the official session. I had my timer app ready to go. I didn’t want the naked part to last a second longer than it had to.

“Awesome, Emi. Now just tilt your head down a little. And whatever you do, don’t look anyone in the eyes or speak until you are spoken to.”

“Okay,” I said, still following her orders like a good little mailgirl.

“Yes Ma’am,” Sarah corrected.

“Yes Ma’am,” I repeated, wincing. I should have known that one. It’s probably all about acting polite like a waiter or airline stewardess. Wait, technically I wasn’t on the clock yet so she was kind of cheating – getting me to do stuff before my session. Well, at least I wasn’t naked yet. I decided to tolerate this but wasn’t about to let her do too much more until the clock started.

I felt Hannah and Becca watching me. Suddenly, I was glad that I wasn’t supposed to make eye contact.

Sarah continued, walking in front of me. “During her mailgirl sessions, Emi here – will be known as Nine. It won’t be hard to forget as she has the number drawn on her body,” she said, pointing at my nines unnecessarily. They were visible through the shirt.

“The higher-ups have deemed this project to be dead-serious. What that means is that it will be a huge problem if anyone doesn’t use Nine’s name properly. So for the duration of this mailgirl orientation please refer to her as Nine. Also, apparently, a degree of embarrassment from Nine is an essential requirement. Likewise, she needs to host an ACE event in a few weeks and we need your assistance to achieve these goals. To help her get used to this… you all will be participating.”

Leo raised his hand.

“Yes, Leo.”

“Ahh… embarrassment is actually a requirement? I mean… how…”

“Yes,” Sarah answered, looking annoyed as she ran her fingers through her hair. “I know all this is bat-shit crazy, but bear with me. Brandy – that woman over there – will be writing a journal about this to excite all her kinky mailgirl cosplayers and Nine’s going to be their little fetish hero apparently.”

“You mean Emi? She’s going to become famous as a mailgirl?” Eddie balked, looking unsure if he could believe all this.

“Nine. Please call her Nine. No, it’s just for a journal and maybe some images without her name, and her wearing sunglasses and not clearly identifiable,” Sarah said, looking back over at Brandy. “Right?”

Brandy nodded. “Yes, that’s right. Anonymously famous. Or at least we hope so.”

Some of the guys folded their arms or were fidgeting. I glanced at the odd person that wasn’t looking directly at me. There was tension in the air. I took a deep breath, feeling like it was about to start soon.

“Alright, just one more quick position,” Sarah announced, looking back at me. “You’re a real trooper, Nine,” she added with a little smile. “Can you put your hands behind your head?”

I complied, wondering how long she was going to stretch out this – pre mailgirl training – orientation.

“Oh my God,” Hannah said, bringing her hands up to her mouth. “It’s beginning!”

Becca bumped her to shut up, while Sam scowled, looking around at everyone angrily.

“Now just up on your toes, that’s right… but wider. An extra foot wider and push your tits out. Good. Hold that position.”

Again, I was relieved that I was wearing the shirt, but I wondered if it was long enough. This position was making the hemline rise and it wasn’t that low to start with.

“Travis, come up here,” Sarah ordered.

I winced, realizing that he was already up here. How much more up-here did he need to be?

“So Travis, this is called the inspection position. And I need you to demonstrate an inspection. You need to check if Nine’s uniform is perfect.”

Flustered, Travis stepped forward looking embarrassed and awkward. Looking everywhere but at me.

“Look at her uniform Travis, inspect it. What do you see?”

He looked at my shoulders. “Ahh… umm…”

“Not her shirt Travis, her mailgirl uniform. Get down on one knee.”

Again he looked around at everyone awkwardly. My stomach was doing summersaults as I blushed, wondering how exposed I was.

“Now Travis. We don’t have all day.”

He got down on his knee and looked at my legs. Looking up he noticed what must have been my exposed lower bits. He blushed and quickly looked away. I did the same.

Everyone watched silently as the awkward scene continued to unfold.

“Travis! Focus… what do you see?”

“Ahh… sorry. Umm… Emi… oh… ahh…”

“Her name is NINE Travis. How many times do I have to say it? Do NOT call her by that name, she is NINE NINE NINE. Got it?”

“Ah… okay, yes… sorry Sarah,” Travis said, looking everywhere but at my pussy.

Sam scowled. “Emi Emi Emi, is still OFF the clock there, commandant.”

Sarah turned and frowned at Sam.

I grimaced, feeling bad for Travis. He seemed more embarrassed than I was – if that was possible. And I didn’t like the growing tension between Sam and Sarah. “Look you guys, let’s cool down a bit. This is hard enough as it is.” I knew I shouldn’t be breaking character, as I’m supposed to be a mailgirl in this orientation, but Sam was right. I wasn’t on the clock.

Sarah turned back to Tavis. “Walk around her and look everywhere. Pretend she’s not wearing the shirt. Don’t be shy Travis, mailgirls are supposed to be looked at.”

Tentatively Travis got up and slowly circled me, nervously.

“Mailgirls cheer up an office with their natural beauty. But they are running around a lot and so sometimes we need to send them to the shower.”

“I think… ahh… she’s good.”

“How can you tell? You’re too far away. Get right up close to her, is she sweaty? Did she shave properly? You have to inspect everything Travis.”

Asher stepped forward and patted Travis on the back, causing the poor fellow to jump. “It’s okay buddy, hang in there.”

Hang in there? What about me? But then I saw Asher also give me a sympathetic look, pressing his lips together in a forced little smile. For some reason that meant the world to me, especially at this moment.

He pulled Travis back into the group. “Sarah, what happens if she doesn’t pass inspection?” Asher said, clearly trying to rescue the poor guy.

“Ahh… sorry Emi,” Travis said before slinking back with the others.

“Travis, I’m not going to warn you again,” Sarah said ominously. But then she turned to face Asher. “If she’s not cleanly shaven, or sweaty, or has a single hair on her pussy or between her ass cheeks, then we order her to get cleaned up.”

I felt bad for Travis. But cleaned up? What exactly was that going to entail, I wondered.

Asher scratched his head. “Order? Cleaned up? How do you mean? We usually don’t tell… um… Nine, what to do.”

“She’s a mailgirl! You are all supposed to tell her what to do,” she sighed, exasperatedly. “What I mean, Asher… is that if you find a single hair on her. And you will look; we will all be looking; then she will have to shave right here in front of everyone.”

“Yeah, right!” Raul laughed. “As if… haha…” But then he shrunk back as he noticed the serious mood in the room. Sarah and Becca were both scowling at him. Eddie shook his head as if he couldn’t believe it and Leo’s eyes were popping. Travis was trying to hide behind the group.

“Buncha freaks…” Sam mumbled.

Sarah continued, “However, if she’s just sweaty from running around a lot then she has to have a shower.”

Shower? What shower? It was mortifying having her talk about me like this in front of the guys. I was beginning to shake, not just from holding this position so long, but I was embarrassed as well. How could she talk about these things so casually?

“A shower?” Asher asked. “But there is no shower in the building.”

“There is a shower outside. Let me demonstrate. Come along Nine,” Sarah said, walking through the group.

My gut just dropped through the floor and I stopped breathing. I can’t go outside in broad daylight. Especially not as a normal procedure. That would be insane! Mailgirls are supposed to be inside. The very thought of showering outside naked terrified me.

Sam noticed my trepidation. “That’s not fair,” she said, “You didn’t even start the clock yet.”

“Good point, Sam.” Sarah turned to me. “Nine – would you rather start the session now and walk outside fully naked? Or would you prefer to wear that shirt?”

Thank God I had an option. “The shirt Ma’am,” I said, feeling relieved about the exposure outside. But what was going to happen when we reached the shower? This was just a demo, right?

“That’s what I thought. Nine, grab the leash on the wall. Let’s do this properly.”

Not wanting to drag this out, I ran over to get it and picked up the collar as well. I hurried back and handed her the collar.

Everyone watched as she put it on me, clicking the latch into place. I couldn’t tell if she was enjoying this.

“We don’t need the lock for this short little trip,” Sarah said as she took the leash from my hands. Brandy nodded when Sarah looked her way.

Sarah continued, “Also note that this is a special BDSM safety leash, with an easy-break clip.” She demo-ed it by snapping the leash and I gasped as it came right off me with a sharp tug. It was jarring, but it didn’t hurt.

She hooked it up again and led me outside, everyone following along behind. We were headed to the shower on the beach. I couldn’t help but imagine what this would be like if I didn’t have the shirt on. Would I even be able to step outside the doorway? I didn’t sign up for this!

It was surreal, walking along the beach, barefoot, with a leash pulling me along and a posse of devs on my ass. At least I was wearing the shirt. Remembering my sunglasses, I pulled them down over my eyes. Suddenly I could look where I pleased. Sarah didn’t seem happy about my shielded eyes, but didn’t say anything. Glancing back, I saw Brandy trying to catch up to our group. Sam was grimacing in the sun.

“Eyes front, Nine,” Sarah said, with a confusingly friendly voice as we started to gather around the outdoor shower — the shower Ben and I used a couple of times — only now it was broad daylight.

As if she were conducting a tour, Sarah continued to address the crowd. “Alright. Usually mailgirls shower alone, but Nine here can’t be alone outside naked. Despite how fun this is, we are all about safety. So whoever notices a uniform violation, that person must bring her out here via the leash. Nine will be naked of course.”

Leo looked stunned. “Oh my God, she has to be leashed outside naked?”

My eyes went big under my sunglasses. Was this really going to happen? I was feeling scared again.

“No,” Sam said. “The leash holder gets to decide if she is naked or not. And if she’s not naked then the leash is also optional during the daylight.”

I felt a wave of relief wash over me as I witnessed Sam standing up for me. Looking over I saw Becca was disappointingly silent. Did she think I deserved this? Made my bed? It was hard to read her. Or maybe she was hiding that this was all fascinating for her. It was an uncomfortable thought, but I couldn’t blame her.

Sarah smiled. “True enough, Sam. But she must take both off for the shower. And then she must drip dry on the way back, without the shirt. The shirt must not get wet. The leash holder will carry the shirt back and since Nine will then be naked, the leash will be mandatory.”

Sam kicked the sand. “It can’t get wet? What if it’s raining?”

Sarah pretended that she hadn’t heard.

Again my heart sank. So the walk back was always going to be naked. Maybe I could run, better drying that way. But the leash… would my walker run with me? I needed to make sure Ben was my walker, if possible. Or maybe he can just take me to the shower first before someone else tries to. I could just ask him to do that. Or have a secret hand signal.

“We could all just not inspect her or not fail her,” Sam challenged.

Sarah shook her head. “That would be a terrible thing to do to Nine. You would let strangers bring her out here? Think about it. If you guys can’t keep her uniform perfect, then others in the office most certainly will.”

Sam folded her arms. “So anyone can just send her anytime they feel like it? What if they say she needs a shower when she doesn’t?”

Brandy held her hand over her eyes to shield them from the sun. “Thanks Sam, good question. If anyone abuses the mailgirl rules they get fired, instantly.”

Arrg… was there no way out of this? It looked like it was going to be me and Ben. We could do this and better control the timing and reduce exposure to pedestrians. I could give him a hand signal, he could look outside to make sure it was clear. And then we could go outside with the shirt on and then run back quickly before anyone saw me.

Sam scowled, folding her arms. She shook her head looking at Becca as if blaming her for all this. Becca didn’t seem to like this either, but it was hard to tell. Hannah, however, was wide-eyed and seemed both excited and worried. She couldn’t hide an emotion if her life depended on it.

“Alright Nine, in you go. Demo a shower. I want to make sure you do it properly,” Sarah said.

I froze. The words hit me like a sledgehammer. What was she talking about? Demo a shower? Who does that? That was stupid beyond belief and completely unnecessary. There was no way that was going to happen. We didn’t even start the mailgirl session yet!

Sam stepped forward shoving her face towards Sarah. “I’m pretty sure she knows how to shower. She’s been doing it all her life.”

Ignoring Sam, Sarah continued. “It’s important that this is done properly,” she said to the gathered group. “First there is no time for hair drying, with her short sessions, so she must keep her hair as dry as possible. Nine, can you take off your shirt and hand it to me?”

Hesitating, I looked over and saw Brandy watching from the side. She looked at me with a nod of encouragement that I was not feeling.

Sarah smiled. “Look Nine, everyone here has seen you naked. Let’s just do a quick demo and then we head back.”

I felt the hemline of my shirt. Was I really going to shower in front of my co-workers? They’d already seen me naked, but showering involved touching one’s privates. That was definitely something I didn’t want to do while everyone watched. I glanced around and saw some guy hop off his bike and look our way. He was likely curious why we were all gathered around the shower. Just what I needed, a bigger audience. “Ahh… there is someone there,” I said. My heart rate was increasing.

“Nine, everyone on the island has already seen you.”

Sam moved to stand where his view would be blocked. Ben joined her.

“Look, Nine, it will just take a minute. Mailgirl showers are quick. Or I can start the session right now, and we can stay out here for the full ten minutes – your choice. Either way, you will be naked. But first I need to take off your leash,” she said stepping forward and unclipping it.

“Turn around.”

I turned around, presenting the back of my collar to her. Then, I felt her unclip and remove it. Despite the reason, it felt good to have the collar off again. Still with my back to everyone, and trying to keep my hands from shaking, I pulled my shirt up – not knowing who might be staring at my ass – and quickly had it over my head. Turning slightly, I handed it to her. My only piece of clothing.

Naked outside in broad daylight. In the distance I could see people on the boardwalk and was thankful they weren’t closer and the guy on the bike was still there, but his view was blocked somewhat. I didn’t need an audience of strangers during my shower. It was bad enough with this group of people I knew, which couldn’t be helped.

I turned on the water and stepped in, wanting to get the shower over with as fast as possible. It was the first time I had ever showered with sunglasses on. That in itself was a strange experience, adding to the weirdness, but I was glad to have them. I tried to keep my hair dry and let the cool water pour over my body. It wasn’t freezing, thankfully, and felt good thanks to the morning heat.

“You guys,” Ben said. “Let’s all form a circle and turn around… give her some privacy.”

“No,” Sarah said, as the guys formed a circle. “Stay facing her. This is your training as much as it is hers. How are you to ensure she showers properly if you don’t watch?”

“Proper? She doesn’t even have soap.” Sam stated.

Do they all have to all watch? Wasn’t it embarrassing enough? Keeping my hair dry, I rubbed my belly and under my arms. I hurried, wanting to finish quickly.

“Just clean yourself thoroughly… and uhh… don’t forget the other areas,” Sarah insisted, keeping a good eye on me.

This was beyond embarrassing. But I tried to just get it over with, pretending I was alone. We all shower right? This can’t be different from what everyone does. I turned my back to them and continued washing myself.

“No,” Sarah admonished. “It’s an inspection as much as a shower.” A pause. “I mean…”

There was no need for her to explain. I understood. Turning back to the group, my face felt flushed. Closing my eyes, I desperately wanted to put my whole head under the water, to hide the embarrassment that was surely visible on my face.

Still hidden by my sunglasses, I forced my eyes open and looked at a few of the faces, noticing that I had been mistaken. This was different. It felt incredibly naughty, and everyone seemed transfixed on my body. Somehow that jolted me. I tried to ignore that spike in arousal as I ran my hands over my wet skin.

All the poses this put me through. I worried about how it must look as I cleaned between my butt cheeks with both hands. Because this forced my shoulders back, pushing out my chest, I quickly switched to using only one hand.

Having avoided two important areas, I could no longer delay and put one hand between my legs and cleaning there while rubbing my breast with the other, I noted all the eyes watching me. Oh God, I was getting carried away. But it’s all just cleaning, right? Perfectly normal. Yes, perfectly normal I thought as I continued to rub, wipe, and caress myself in front of everyone. I knew I was just lying to myself, as my arousal kept building.

Hannah stepped forward. “Ahh… touching that area so much while showering outside where everyone can see her… might make it umm… it could be counterproductive.”

Shocked at being called out, I froze, hands still in place. Hannah’s comments were not helping as I was blushing up a storm.

Some were watching my face, others down lower. For some reason, it was the ones looking at my face that embarrassed me the most.

I was shocked to find a more slippery form of moisture between my legs and moved my hands to my stomach instead.

“Alight Nine, that’s enough. This isn’t a sex show for Christ’s sake. Turn off the water and come over here.”

Flustered, I obeyed and Sarah walked slowly around my wet body as if inspecting it.

“Next you have to put the collar back on and walk her back. However, we don’t want the collar to get wet so you should have a tiny cloth that you can dry her neck with. May I dry your neck Nine?”

Brandy stepped forward with a notepad. “Hold up Sarah. I just want to make a few comments.”

I balked. Comments while I was outside and naked. She wanted to delay this.

“Obviously we are new to this and Sarah is doing a fantastic job here and I appreciate Sam’s feedback. After observing, I think I’ll make a couple of practical suggestions about how the showering will work.”

Sam and Sarah looked surprised and my gut clenched. Brandy was going to make this worse – much much worse.

“First we don’t tell the mailgirls how to shower, but Sarah is right. Keep the hair dry. Also by the back door will be a little shower set. A razor, a big towel and soap. Nine will wear the towel outside, leaving her shirt inside. And if a shaving infraction has occurred, Nine can decide where she wants to correct that. It can be outside here with just one person, or back in the office in front of everyone.”

Blinking in surprise and relief I realized that Brandy had given me a couple of huge concessions. I no longer had to travel to, or from, the shower naked. Plus I now had the option to shave in front of just one person, Ben most likely, but outside?

Brandy smiled, bowing my way.

Unable to speak, I bowed a thank you back.

I looked to Sarah, hoping to get this over with. I was naked and wasn’t sure if anyone up on the boardwalk could see me.

“Okay, chin up… yes, like that,” she said, as she dabbed around my neck, walking around to my front she continued dabbing until she was behind me again.

I was staring ahead as she did this, watching a pair of seagulls fighting over a piece of food near the crashing waves. Another seagull was flying overhead in the cloud-dotted sky, as if protesting the food fight. Such a simple life. If only I had wings, I’d fly away from all this craziness.

I felt the collar slip on, and click shut. Then she walked around to my front again and clipped on the leash, looking deep into my sunglasses eyes. “Are you looking me in the eyes now?”

I tilted my head downwards but defiantly looked her in the eyes, trembling slightly from embarrassment but trying to not let her intimidate me.

“Why not give her a towel so that she can dry off and then wear the shirt on her walk back?” Sam said, looking annoyed.

“That will be the procedure moving forward. Unfortunately no towel here, so we will stick with the original plan for today. Besides,  this whole thing is about embarrassment. What part of that do you guys not get? Brandy needs to write her journal,” Sarah shook her head in amusement.

“She’s not on the clock, Sarah,” Ben said, holding out his hand. “I’ll walk her back.”

Sarah looked at him with surprise and then glanced back. Brandy nodded. “As you wish, Ben,” she said, handing him the leash and stepping back.

“Alright guys, tight circle around her. Move it. You know the drill… think Halloween,” Ben said, taking charge.

“Oh right! Great idea,” Raul exclaimed excitedly, as they all formed a circle around me. Liz and Hannah also joined in.

“About time someone showed some balls,” Sam said, walking with Becca from the sidelines.

Ben, holding my leash, looked at my sunglasses. “Hang in there, Emi,” he said quietly as we started walking, bringing the group back towards the building.

“Nine was lucky this morning,” Sarah laughed. “Next time, only one person will be with her when she is showering. No ring of people around her.”

I thought about that. Yes, that would be bad if there were people on the beach, watching me shower. However, not having all the devs watching me as I touch myself, would definitely be better. As I walked in the sand, the guys were too close. They were almost stepping on my feet, sometimes bumping into me, but I didn’t say anything. Being naked outside, I was enormously grateful that my team was hiding me from the public.

Once inside, Ben took off the collar and leash and put them back in their home by the whiteboard.

Taking off my sunglasses, I walked over to the mat and stood on it. My hands behind my back in standard mailgirl position. I was still wet from the shower so I couldn’t put on the shirt yet and I couldn’t stop thinking about how embarrassing the outside shower had been, with everyone watching me, but at least I was inside again. Since Brandy had granted me the huge towel concession, I decided to play along for a few more minutes, if possible.

Brandy walked over to me and turned to face everyone. “Before we start, Sarah will demo for us how to start a walkie session. For a moment, pretend Sarah is a mailgirl, but off the clock, doing her normal dev help thing. I’ll sit here like a developer with a problem.”

Sarah walked over to a desk. “This is how you do it properly,” she said, waving her head in a mocking manner at Brandy. Pretending to help her with some problem.”

I definitely didn’t look like that when helping someone. Was she trying to be funny?

“Walkies!” Brandy said, feigning excitement.

“Yes Ma’am,” Sarah said, turning and rushing as fast as she could to the collar and leash. She then returned to Brandy, dropping to one knee with her head down and her arms held up blindly above her head holding the leash and collar for Brandy to take from her hands.

“Not bad,” Brandy said. “That was 8 seconds. If it had been over 10 seconds then Nine would lose the right to wear her shirt while on walkies.”

Another shocking development. I shouldn’t have felt surprised, but I was.

Brandy continued. “Also, I have decided to make this walkies thing happen whenever the walker wants. But it must not overlap with any other session, and it must come after the ten minutes of morning prep. Nine, could you try it once? Sam, could you sit here?”

“Fuck no,” Sam blurted.

“Fine, I’ll do it myself,” Bandy said. “Can you help me with a problem, Nine?”

I walked over to her while Sam tossed me my shirt. Noticing that I was finally dry, I slipped it on, giving Sam a smile. After making sure the hemline was decent, I leaned over, pretending to help Brandy.

“Walkies…” she said.

“Yes, Ma’am.” I rushed to get the leash and collar and hurried back.

“Ten seconds Nine, that’s cutting it a little close. Shirt,” she said, holding out her hand.

“But she is within the 10 seconds,” Hannah blurted. It was what everyone was thinking.

“That just means she ‘optionally’ can wear the shirt if the walker so chooses. Remember, the walker can simply decide to remove the shirt at any time. Shirt,” she said again, gesturing for me to give it to her.

I slipped it off, handing it to her. Less than a minute after putting it on, I was naked once again for a group of co-workers. At least we were inside now.

“Alright, we are almost done with the mailgirl orientation. I just want everyone to have one try at an inspection and then we are finished. Nine, present.”

Not feeling like playing along I didn’t move. The orientation, as far as I was concerned, was over.

“Nine?” Brandy asked.

“I’m starting the session now,” I said, reaching over to my watch and pressing start on my timer, preset to ten minutes.

Brandy chuckled. “As you wish.”

“We have time for a few inspections,” Sarah said. “You all will have a walkies session and will likely have to bring Nine to the shower at least once, so everyone should become comfortable with asking her to present, inspecting her, and leashing her up.”

“Oh my God, this is so intense!” Hannah blurted, as she ran up to be first. “Don’t worry Nine, you look so hot,” she said, winking. “Present!”

Despite my tough morning, Hannah had a knack for making me smile. For the first time I assumed the mailgirl presentation position, fully naked, up on my toes with my hands behind my head. It was extremely embarrassing to be exposing myself so lewdly in front of everyone.

“You have to stick out your tits and spread your legs more,” Hannah explained with a friendly smile. She demonstrated the proper pose, assuming the position herself. I blushed seeing her push out her tits.

I didn’t even want to imagine what I looked like without clothes. Keeping my eyes forward, I copied her perfect form.

Hannah looked pleased. “Great job, Nine!” She went through the motions of examining my body and somehow made it funny.

Brandy strutted up to the front, standing before me. “I know you all have reservations about assisting here, but keep in mind that we are making history. This mailgirl app will be the first of its kind and so will the journal. We are at the beginning of a major movement here.”

Hannah bent over comically, dangling her head upside down. “Nice shaving job, Nine!” she said, nearly touching me with her nose.

Feeling tense, I almost laughed. Almost. I could feel her breath between my legs.

“Each of you can take your place in history. Where were you when mailgirl Nine started working on the mailgirl app? Did you ever take her for a walkie? Did you ever inspect her? Did you help her overcome her fear of public nudity? When this island booms with new business, Nine will be legendary and you will each be either filled with pride or regret. Which will it be? Did you help her succeed? Did you bravely nudge her forward or did you cowardly hold her back? What was YOUR role in all this?”

My heart sank. Suddenly, I wished I would have talked to the guys much earlier. After her speech, it was going to be hard to convince them to go easy on me.

Sam clapped slowly, walking forward. “What an inspiring speech… let’s give it up for the little one,” she said, continuing to clap. Nobody else clapped. Sarah folded her arms and frowned.

Liz took her turn with the inspection while I stayed up on my toes, chest out, arms behind my back, legs spread wide. She walked around behind me and then back into the front and looked up into my eyes. I briefly looked into her eyes and saw that Liz was enjoying this entirely too much. Quietly she continued, making a show of checking my feet, my legs, and proceeded gradually up.

“Raul?” Sam asked. “How long did it take for Nine to finally start trusting you and the rest of the team?”

He stepped forward. “Ahh… a long time I guess.”

“And how precious do you feel that trust is right now?”

“Ahh… very precious. I’d do anything for our leader.”

I noticed Sarah winced a little when he said that.

“How hard do you think it would be to lose that trust? Say you were ‘helping’ her get used to nudity and humiliating her out in public. Do you think she would ever forgive you?”

“Ahh… but what about what Brandy said, about helping the project? About helping her succeed?”

“Not what I asked. Do you think she would ever forgive you?”

Raul looked at me. I held a poker face. “No… I suppose not,” he said.

“That’s right. We are either WITH her or AGAINST her. Make no mistake, this project will be plenty embarrassing enough for the journals. If any of you foolishly squander your precious friendship with her, you will only have yourself to blame.”

Raul nodded. A few of the others nodded as well.

I couldn’t believe it. Sam was my hero. She was coming through for me. I never loved her more. Why was she doing this for me?

Brandy was smiling. “Oh, that’s so cute, Sam. I had no idea that you had special feelings for Nine,” she said with a wink. “That was the most romantic thing I have ever seen!”

“She’s my friend, that’s all!” Sam explained. “But I’d do her.”

Hannah popped her head up. “Oh my God, Sam!”

“Shut up, Hannah! She’s just using psychological warfare,” she blurted, glaring at Brandy.

Becca was laughing.

Liz whispered in my ear. “I noticed a tiny bit of stubble. You didn’t shave this morning, did you?”

My heart sank, pulling me away from Sam and Hannah’s fun antics. Was Liz going to betray me?

Sarah frowned. “Say it out loud, Liz,” she ordered.

Liz hesitated. “Ahh… I was just telling her how much I admire her… ahh… perfect uniform,” she said. After waiting for Sarah to look away, she winked.

Sarah grunted. “We don’t have much time left. Time to practice collaring and leashing the mailgirl. I’ll start with the most reluctant,” she announced. “Alright Travis, collar up the mailgirl,” she said, tossing him the collar. He almost dropped it.

Travis was hesitant to touch my neck. But with shaking hands he managed to get the collar on and clicked it shut. But in doing so he pushed awkwardly on it and caused me to almost step forward. “Oh sorry, Emi…” he said.

“I’ve warned you twice already, Travis! Everyone listen up. You don’t seem to be getting it. Nine is on duty now and Brandy here is ‘all-in’ with well over 2 million dollars invested and a potential cruise ship port on the line. This is a huge deal for the island and everyone on it. If anyone doesn’t take this seriously, you’re fired. It’s that simple.”

“Oh… I’m sorry,” Travis said. His hands were shaking as he unclipped my collar and let it slip from his hands, twanging a nipple on the way down.

“Ahh!” I gasped in pain from the nipple tweak. The collar had landed on the floor. It wasn’t that bad, but my nipple wasn’t happy.

“Sorry Emi!” Travis said automatically, without thinking. He bent down to pick up the collar.

Sarah looked shocked, looking around at everyone. “What did I just say? Travis, go to your desk and finish up what you were in the middle of. Then start transferring your remaining tasks over to others. At the end of the day, you can hand your laptop into IT.”

Suddenly the room went quiet. I was stunned and trying to blink away what had just happened. Travis’s reaction was perfectly natural. It made me sick to my gut. I looked Sarah in the eyes, angrily. Brandy was watching us closely, as was everyone.

“That’s one demerit, Nine,” she said, as Travis, with his shoulders slumped, dragged his feet to his desk. “Eyes down, Nine!”

Raul went over to Travis and put his arm around his buddy’s back, looking back angrily at Sarah.

Asher swore to himself. “Sarah, was that really necessary? Aren’t you getting a little carried away there? It was an accident.”

“Look Asher, Travis was already on thin ice with the whole APC power fiasco. Plus I did warn him multiple times. I literally said if he did it one more time, he would be fired. Then what did he immediately do?”

“So what, now you’re going to punish Nine as well? What’s this demerit thing?” Asher asked.

“Nine here gets extra time added to her session or some other punishment,” Sarah explained.

I was barely able to contain my anger. I was furious. And I had to hide it. While Sarah and Asher were engaged, I reached over and tapped my watch. Then scribbled ‘y-card’ and sent it to Brandy. Then I defiantly stopped presenting, and assumed the normal mailgirl position with my hands behind my back.

Brandy got the message and came over to me. “About Travis?” she whispered in my ear.

I nodded.

“Look. It’s unlikely I can do anything about that…” she paused upon seeing my face. “Ahh… but you just have a couple of minutes left. We can talk in my office after this,” she said quietly before stepping away.

Noticing my position change, Sarah balked. “Another demerit for you Nine!” she barked.

“I’m sorry, Ma’am,’ I said in a proper, polite mailgirl tone. “But the demerits cannot be applied without a working system to contain them, so they will not be effective in this case, as the whole system is as of yet still undefined.”

Sarah looked at me with growing irritation. “I can just write them on the board.”

“I’m sorry Ma’am, but that is not compliant with mailgirl regulations. Plus in my case overtime will not apply or will simply overlap within my 90 minutes. So one, two or a hundred demerits will not make a difference in any case.”

“I’ll take it from here Sarah,” Brandy said, stepping up to the front. “Yes, it’s true. It’s a little early to be using demerits when we haven’t even defined them yet. So let me fix that. Five demerits mean ten more minutes added to the next walkies. Ten demerits mean something special, which I will explain in detail later. However, Monday is a training day, so no demerits will count today.

I was glad to hear that, but Sarah looked sharply at Brandy, annoyed.

“That said, as we want to make this work there needs to be incentive to get things right. So the whiteboard demerits will be allowed, starting tomorrow.

Sarah seemed pleased about that, but now I was annoyed.

“Thanks for participating everyone,” Brandy said. “You can all go back to your desks now.”

Sarah hesitated.

Brandy nodded to her and Sarah also went back to her desk leaving Brandy alone with me. She got down on one knee, gesturing for me to come down and join her.

Reluctantly I got down on my knees, unable to look her in the face. I was angry, embarrassed, tired of this whole thing.

“Rough morning,” she admitted, looking almost apologetic. “You’re doing great. We are almost done. We have just a minute left to squeeze in the last position. Okay?”

Irritated and uncomfortable with how close she was, but glad it was now just the two of us, I nodded.

“Alright now just move your knees further apart on the mat.”

I did.

“Chest out more… that’s it. And knees wider. At least 8 more inches.”

I looked at her in alarm, before looking back down again. Now I was really glad everyone had returned to their desks. I moved my legs wider apart, feeling entirely too exposed.

Brandy waved with her fingers, indicating I should keep going.

Unable to look up, I complied. This pose was unbelievable. I couldn’t imagine doing this on a daily basis. Why had Sarah made so many mats? Had they been distributed throughout the building?

Brandy smiled. “That’s it. You look fantastic. That’s the whole point of this. To share your feminine beauty,” she said the last two words as she looked between my legs.

I was still upset about Travis, but this was very distracting. I was blushing as this mailgirl kneeling position was way too intense.

My watch beeped, signaling the end of the mailgirl session. I knelt there fuming at Sarah, but then I remembered the shirt. I stood up and walked over and grabbed it, roughly pulling it over my head. I walked past her again, looking her in the eyes. Showing her my anger and disappointment as I went over to Travis.

Sarah stood there briefly, then she walked back to her desk and began packing up her laptop.

“Don’t worry, Travis. I’ll fix this… okay?” I said gently, putting my hand on his shoulder.

He nodded, looking forlorn. I was upset and hurt and felt responsible. If we were not doing this mailgirl crap none of this would be happening.

Looking over at Raul, I saw him turn his face away and wipe his eyes with his forearm. He was even more upset than I was. Travis was his buddy.

I got up and glanced at Brandy.

She started to leave the room and nodded for me to follow her. I did so, but I noticed that Sam was following me as we walked past Sarah’s desk.

Sam stuck her face out at Sarah as she walked by. “Way to go genius. You’re supposed to be helping Brandy’s stupid mailgirl journal. Anger and disgust should go over really well. What a total fuckup!”

Looking back I saw Sarah looking stunned from Sam’s comment.

Sam followed me into the hallway.

Brandy went up the stairs and around the corner. I was alone with Sam. Did she have something to say? I stopped, turning to face her. “Hey Sam,” I said, feeling gratitude for all her support.

Sam looked down. “Emi, are you okay?” she asked.

It was nice to hear my proper name. “Am I okay?” I asked, stepping forward and engulfing her in a great hug.

“Lemme go!”

“You were my hero today,” I said, squeezing harder.

“That’s right. I’m the only one left. Those mailgirl bitches were no help at all,” she said, still struggling to get away from me.

“I love you Sam,” I said, kissing her on the forehead, causing her to freeze. She looked flustered, stunned, and then she… trembled in my arms? That was strange. I stepped back looking her in the eyes, with my hands on her shoulders. She was red-faced and looking away. “Sam?”

Suddenly she scowled, pushing my arms off, looking me straight in the eyes. “Do that again, and you will be on your own!” she said, turning and stomping away.

I couldn’t help but smile at her reaction, cute but puzzling. Had I been too forward? Or might this be something else? The sound of a door opening nearby pulled me from my thoughts.

Up ahead I saw Raul taking Travis out the side door, his arm on his buddy’s back as Travis shuffled along lifelessly. My smile vanished and I turned and charged up the stairs in pursuit of Brandy.



19.4