“How is the librarying going, Alice?” Mirana inquires after expertly extracting herself from the milling court members and herding Alice down a quiet path that winds lazily through the East Garden.

“Very... slowly,” she admits. “I can’t find a single book that I—! Well, what I mean is... There’s nothing but riddles and rhymes and nonsense in that blasted library!”

Mirana laughs. The sound startles Alice. Perhaps this is the first time she has heard it.

“Oh, Alice, my dear, dear Champion. The only stories of substance and true knowledge the Luckluster holds are those which comes from yourself.” Smiling broadly, the Queen shakes her head. “How long have you been combing through it with Hatta?”

“Today will be the fourth day.”

“And he hasn’t breathed a word to you about it. What a wonderful man, Alice. Truly. He honestly does treasure your thoughts above all... well, above many other aspects of yourself.” The Queen sends her a sidelong glance that needs little interpretation. “Am I making myself clear, Alice?”

“I believe so.” Tarrant has spent the last three days simply learning about her? Listening to her complaints and her comments about stories she’d read in London that she’d enjoyed and places she’d been and how she wishes she could find an atlas that illustrated them and...!

“And has he been speaking of himself?”

“Well... no.”

“Then, to-day, sit him down and ask him to tell you the stories he remembers as a child and, perhaps, very soon, your time in Luckluster will be at an end.”

Alice’s smile outraces the twinge of nostalgia at the thought of not spending any more sunny afternoons in the turret room. Just as the bitter tang forces her to frown and her smile to droop, the Queen exclaims, “I am so very happy for you both, Alice!”

She looks up and the Queen claps her hands together and turns toward her on a smile of pure happiness and relief. “Hatta is very dear to me, you see. How could he not be after all he has done so that I might wear the crown again? And,” the Queen reaches out and, just as she had on the battlefield following the slaying of the Jabberwocky, brushes her white fingers against Alice’s cheek, “you have brought him to life. There is Light in him now. And color. He is himself again because of you. Thank you, Alice.”

Alice can think of no appropriate response to that. She smiles. She nods. And, luckily, the Queen seems very satisfied with that.

Later, when the Hatt – Tarrant – arrives at her room with Thackery to escort her to the library for the fourth time, Alice looks at him – really looks at him – and he seems... happy.

“Once more into the branches and brambles of the tree of knowledge?” Tarrant invites, reaching for the left door handle. He gives her a quick but thorough examination, taking in her dress and slippers. “I do hope you’re properly dressed for this,” he murmurs.

“I believe I am,” she answers, reaching for the right door handle. “As I don’t plan on doing any climbing today.”

“You don’t?” he inquires, clearly puzzled and then a glimmer of Naughtiness enters his eyes as he realizes what she had more or less confessed to not wearing today.

As much as she would like to investigate that glimmer, this corridor is hardly The Place.

“No, I don’t. I’m tired of talking about the London I grew up in and the sea voyage I went on and the stories and history of Up There.” She glances toward him and smiles. “I’d much rather hear the sound of your voice today. If you have no objections.”

“I... My...? No,” he agrees with a breathtaking grin. “No objections at all, Alice.”

And then they coax open the doors. The following hours are spent alternately seated in armchairs and, when Alice dares Tarrant to prove one assertion or another, standing beside the book stacks or staring up at him as he searches the other levels for a tome that supports his most recent proclamation.

“The moon is not made of green cheese!” she protests at one point.

“It is! It is!” he insists, clambering up the ladders to the fourth level and plucking a book he had identified the day before from a shelf. “It says so right here, and I concur!”

Alice smiles and watches as he dashes back down, holding his evidence in hand.

He strides over to her, halts just within arm’s length, adjusts the glasses Alice is now used to seeing back up higher upon his nose, opens the book and reads:

“Hey diddle diddle, 

“The cat and the fiddle, 

“The cow jumped over the moon. 

“The little dog laughed to see such sport, 

“And the dish ran away with the spoon!” 

“There,” he concludes. “Proof. Cows do not jump over just anything, you know. The only thing that could create such enthusiasm would have to be green, for we know that cows are quite fond of green things like grasses and clovers, and they rather enjoy kicking over milk pails and creating spilled milk which shows their excitement regarding dairy products – of which cheese is a member – so...”

He looks up over his frames at this point, perhaps startled by Alice’s continued silence. His brows twitch as he takes in her uninterrupted grin.

“Here,” he offers, extending the book to her. “Read it for yourself if you like, Alice.”

“I don’t need to,” she says. “Your recitation was more than sufficient.”

“It was?”

“Yes. The moon is made of green cheese and both cats and fiddles have very resonating calls, although I believe I’d prefer the fiddle’s.”

“And the laughing dog?” he inquires, looking luminous.

“Dogs have wonderful senses of humor. Quite willing to laugh at anything, aren’t they? Especially sports.”

Tarrant giggles. “And the issue of the spoon?”

“Well, a spoon can’t very well run off with a dish now can it?” No, more often than not, when dishes are cleared, the spoon is carried away with it. Especially in the cases of soup spoons, dessert spoons, and teaspoons.

“Alice,” Tarrant begins somehow speaking around snorting giggles. “You do realize I am not being serious at the moment.”

“No, you’re being yourself,” she answers. And, she realizes, that she has actually enjoyed herself today. Yes, he does look happy and that is perhaps – in some part – due to her. It cheers her to see that, to know that. This is a kind of power she has never known and it warms her from the inside out.

Perhaps she might have the power to make him happy, as the Queen had suggested? It’s a heady idea and a little thrilling. With such power, Alice senses, comes tremendous responsibility. Yet, despite that, she cannot recall ever feeling so... pleased.

“Och, b’hold th’ key te yer heart!” Thackery exclaims, startling them both and drawing their attention. Alice follows his outstretched paw to the tabletop in the center of the room, on which now sits a simple, brass key.

With a frown, she turns to ask Tarrant what it means and is startled by the utterly gob smacked expression on his face. “The key to...” he murmurs and, when he glances at her, Alice sees something that might be the moisture of tears in his eyes. She doubts it is her imagination that makes them seem more bright than ever before. With a shout of laughter, the Hatter scoops her up in his arms, swings her about the room. She feels his breaths against her ear and his lips press against her cheek and the scent of him is overwhelming and the feel of his chest against hers and his shoulders beneath her hands is so warm and solid and...

… and he smells and feels even better in his joy. She wonders if his taste has been enhanced as well....

“Ar!” Thackery objects vehemently. “Nae muir kissin’! Nae muir shenanegains, Tarrant! Set th’ Alice dauwn nauw!”

With a last laugh, he does. Alice blinks as he places a butterfly-soft kiss on the tip of her nose. “Thank you, Alice,” he says.

And what else can she say to such a display of delight except: “It’s my pleasure, Tarrant.” She adjusts his reading glasses back up onto his nose (in all the exuberance they had slipped so as to nearly fall off) and taps the end playfully with a forefinger. Yes, seeing him this happy gives her great pleasure indeed. However, it could have been more pleasurable had he deigned to kiss her properly in thanks or had she had the opportunity to redress that oversight herself.

With a sigh, she watches as he strides over to the table and regards the key with reverence. After a moment of doing so, he reaches out for it, and then stops himself. His bandaged fingers twitching over it, he looks up and asks, “With your permission, Alice?”

“Why would you need my permission?” she counters. It’s just a key, after all. If the table in the Room of Doors can be considered a representative of most tables in Underland, then keys winking into existence on their surfaces are a common occurrence here.

“Well... this is the key to your heart. And to my heart. Our hearts... respectively. I wouldn’t... Well it would be quite rude to... handle it without expressed permission.”

“The key to my heart?” she parrots, starting to feel the slightest tingle of alarm.

He fidgets, glances toward Thackery who is investigating the contents of his waistcoat pocket with singular focus, and then clears his throat. He removes his glasses and pockets them (an obvious delaying gesture). Finally he says, “Alice, if I may ask, what were you thinking? Just a few moments ago? Before Thackery pointed out the key to us?”

Alice opens her mouth to reply and then snaps it shut. She remembers precisely what she had been thinking: she’d been thinking how much his happiness affects her, makes her want to be better at cheering him, makes her want to be... better. Period.

“Yes, that thought,” Tarrant tells her, reading her face. “That thought called forth the key.”

“But... this is your key as well?” she checks.

He nods.

Feeling slightly more confident, she inquires, “Will you tell me what you were thinking?”

A wry smile twists his lips. “Alice. I have been telling you for days.”

“No, you haven’t,” she argues.

“I have,” he insists. “And when you’re ready to hear it, you shall, and not a moment before. Now, would you prefer to keep the key or shall I?”

“You keep it,” she replies, her tone rough. It is obvious he considers the object precious. She trusts him to keep it safe far more than she trusts herself.

Once more, his smile illuminates the room. “And I shall!”

Alice watches him gently collect it, wrap it in a clean, silk handkerchief and tuck it away in the inner breast pocket of his jacket. She still isn’t sure why the appearance of the brass key had made him so very happy, but she is glad it had. She likes seeing him happy, she realizes. She likes it very much, indeed.

*~*~*~*

Fanart for The Courtship by sierryberry 
Please leave some feedback for here HERE!