Entry tags: 

double crossing, spangel, spike/lindsey

Double Crossing, 8/8
Title: Double Crossing 
Chapter: 8 of 8 
Pairing: Spike/Lindsey/Angel 
Rating: NC-17 
Warnings: m/m/m, bondage, torture, language 
Summary: Post NFA, Lindsey reappears, asking Spike for help. Trouble ensues. 
Author's Note: This is for faketoysoldier, who asked for S/L/A, karaoke, and the prompts smoke, microphone, cherry, and slip. I hope you like it! It's finished and I'll post updates daily. I'm in a terribly impatient mood, so please let me know if any mistakes slipped by me. Feedback is cherished.

Gorgeous, NSFW banner by blondebitz!

Previous chapters here.

The last chapter. Thanks for reading, and I hope you enjoyed! I'll be posting a Spander take on Rear Window on my LJ on Monday, for the ultimate_xanderMovie Challenge.

Chapter Eight

Two days later, Lindsey was mending nicely. Angel had found him something to dull the pain, and then he’d moved him to the room across the hall from the suite. He left the doors open, so Lindsey could call if he needed anything, but for the most part the man seemed content to lay in a slightly drugged haze in front of the telly.

Angel had found a supply of human blood, all nicely sealed in plastic bags. It fixed all of his injuries, and Spike’s leg was already improved as well. But as far as Spike could tell, it hadn’t done anything for his brain. In bed that morning he’d tried to make love with Angel. But the cast was in the way and his cock stayed stubbornly limp, and in the end Angel had kissed him and stroked his shoulders and they’d simply fallen asleep. He still couldn’t even get out of bed, and he was ready to scream with frustration.

Angel sat next to him and cupped Spike’s chin in his hand. “I’ll get you better. I promise.”

Spike turned his head a bit so he could kiss Angel’s thumb. “Love,” he said.

“I promise,” Angel repeated.

Angel’s phone rang the next afternoon. He glanced at the number, snatched the thing into his hand, and scurried out the door. He must have gone some distance away, because even when he strained his ears, Spike couldn’t hear his conversation.

When he returned several minutes later he looked nervous as a bridegroom. He patted as his hair, ran his fingers down his shirt, and grinned crookedly at Spike. “I, uh, I have some business to take care of for a while. Will you be all right?”

“Where?” Spike asked, suddenly nervous at the prospect of being left with only the injured Lindsey as company.

“Just downstairs, Spike. I’ll hear you if you call, okay?”

Spike nodded and wondered what the old man was up to.

“Want me to put something on the tv for you?”

Spike nodded again. “Footie,” he said.

“I’ll see if there’s some on.” Angel clicked on the telly and surfed around until he found a channel that was showing the World Cup quarter-finals. Germany versus Brazil.

Spike sighed happily. “Ta.”

He had been watching for most of the game—well over two hours, in any case—when Angel returned. He stood in the doorway with an odd look on his face. “Spike? You, uh, have a visitor.”

Spike couldn’t imagine who would come to see him. Most of the people he’d met over his many years would be happy to see him dust. As his mind skipped over the possibilities, Angel looked out into the hall and then gestured toward the room, urging somebody in.

And Spike forgot to breathe.

The last time he saw her was over eight years ago, as he was dying. She was just as beautiful now, though there was more firmness about her jaw, and a certain hardness in her eyes. Her hair was cut in a practical bob that was quite becoming, and she had an uncertain little smile as she hovered near the door.

“Hi, Spike,” she said quietly.

If he could have, he would have run and hidden. He didn’t want her to see him like this, weak, crippled, damaged. He hadn’t even spoken to her in all this time. She had called once, perhaps four years ago, raving and furious because she had just then learned from Andrew that he had been resurrected after Sunnydale. But Spike didn’t want to speak to her, not then, and she had had to take her anger out on Angel.

A month or two later, he’d written to her. He explained why he hadn’t told her he still existed—he had wanted her to remember him as a Champion, and he’d realized that she needed to go on with her human life. Her world was complicated enough without undead boyfriends. He told her he would always love her and wished her well.

She wrote back. Her letter was six pages long, and some of it was breezy news about Dawn and the Scoobies and her life in Europe. But she also said she’d meant what she said to him that time—she truly had loved him, although not in the way he needed and deserved. She told him he was the bravest man she ever met, and would always be her Champion. He’d saved that letter, but it was lost, along with his small handful of other possessions, when he was kidnapped in Nebraska.

He swallowed and bit at his lip and silently cursed Angel. “Hello, Buffy,” he finally said.

Hesitantly, she came closer, until she was standing at his bedside. She rested her palm on his bare bicep, and he shivered a bit at the feel of that small, warm hand. “Can I sit?” she asked.

“Yeah.”

She sat on the bed, her feet still on the floor. Angel pulled a chair close and he sat as well. “Angel told me what happened. I’m sorry.”

Spike shot Angel an angry look and then nodded at the Slayer. They were all silent for a time. Spike’s head was full of words he couldn’t have said even if his mouth had been working properly.

Finally, Angel cleared his throat. “I was, uh, thinking. Faith poisoned me once.”

“When she was evil,” Buffy interrupted. “She’s, like, totally good now.”

“When she was evil, Faith poisoned me. And what cured me was…Slayer’s blood. Buffy’s blood.”

Spike gaped at them both, because Buffy was merely nodding, clearly willing to go along with whatever scheme Angel had concocted.

“Not…not poisoned,” Spike said.

“No,” replied Angel. “But Slayer’s blood has, um, several special properties. You know that better than any of us.”

Spike scowled at this reminder of his own past misdeeds.

“It might help,” Buffy said, stroking his arm softly. “It’s worth trying, anyway. C’mon. You’ve been wanting a taste of me for years. Now’s your chance.”

But Spike shook his head. “Won’t…won’t hurt you,” he said to Buffy.

“Now, that’s the thing. You can take just a pint or so from me, okay? Because when it comes to Slayer blood, well, I took up a collection at the office. I’ve got a couple gallons sitting on ice downstairs.” She giggled. “Giles had to pull some serious strings for me to be able to bring that into the U.S.”

“You’re sure?”

“Don’t you think I’d give up a few red cells for my Champion?”

In the end, she gave him her wrist, and he kissed it and blissfully sank in his fangs. She hissed a bit but didn’t pull away. Angel watched, his eyes dark and his brow ridges nearly visible. Spike stopped when he knew he’d taken enough. She smiled, and slapped on a plaster that Angel handed her, and stood. “I, uh, I’m gonna call home now,” she said. She was blushing slightly, and Spike managed a leer. He expected she might be wanting more than a phone call right now. His cock had finally woken as he fed and was now achingly hard. Slayer blood was, indeed, a wonderful thing.

She stayed for two days, heating the rest of the blood for him in small batches and bringing it to him in a mug. It was heady stuff to be feeding on in such quantities and he tried to enjoy the orgy of taste he knew he’d never have again. But part of him was rather wishing she would leave, because he was feeling much better, and he was desperate for an orgy of another kind altogether. He felt like he could shag for a week nonstop. But Angel was keeping a careful distance during her visit, and Spike had no idea what, if anything, Angel had told her about their relationship.

When it was time for her to return to Scotland, he was able to walk down the stairs, slowly but unaided, to see her to the door. His body was nearly completely healed and his head enormously clearer. He still had quite a bit of her gift tucked away in the fridge, and was fairly certain he’d be whole within days.

Down in the lobby, she turned and smiled at them. “You know, if you guys had hooked up, like, a decade ago, we could have had some really…interesting times.”

Angel ducked his head in embarrassment but Spike just lifted one eyebrow. She smiled. “And don’t think it never crossed my mind, either, because the two of you together? Pretty hot.”

“Yeah?” Spike said.

“Oh, yeah.” She sighed. “Too bad. I’ve been kinda seeing this guy, and…. Well, I guess I always have my imagination.”

Spike laughed, and that felt bloody good. “Could send videos,” he said.

“Yeah? I know, like, thirty girls who’d probably kill to see those. And Xander—“ She clapped her hand over her mouth. “If you tell him I said that I’ll come back here and kick your ass.”

“Try it,” Spike grinned back at her.

She stepped closer and put a hand on each of their faces. “You two deserve to have love. Take care of each other, okay?” She stretched up and kissed Angel chastely on the lips, and then did the same with Spike. And then, with a final little wave, she picked up her bag and walked outside into the sunshine, where a cab was waiting for her.

Angel and Spike spent a good part of the next week in bed together, making love. Well, in bed, and on the floor, and in a chair, and up against a wall, and…and it was brilliant. Spike had trouble walking properly for an entirely new, and altogether more pleasant reason. And Angel looked sated enough that Spike nearly worried about the soul slipping, so he made sure to snark at his grandsire enough to avoid perfect happiness.

They knew they were experiencing only a momentary lull in the fight against Wolfram and Hart. But it was nice for now.

A week after Buffy left, Angel was downstairs in the office, leafing through old books and talking to Willow about spells that might come in handy against supernatural evil law firms. Spike was sitting at the small table in Angel’s suite, pad of paper and pencil in hand, making a long list of weapons that they might be able to obtain, and that might prove useful.

There was a knock at the open door. Spike looked up and his breath caught. Lindsey was standing there, nude, a small strip of black leather in his hand. His wound was already mostly healed. He’d always have a scar on his belly and a matching one on his lower back, but he was otherwise largely unscathed.

His head lowered, Lindsey entered the room. When he got to Spike, he placed the collar on the table and dropped to his knees. “Spike,” he said. “Master? Will…will you have me? Please?” He looked up, his blue eyes brimming with emotion.

Spike swallowed and put down the pencil and paper. “You don’t have to do this. You can stay, if you like. As a…colleague. A member of the team.”

“I will stay. But I’d rather belong to you. You don’t have to love me. Just…just use me. Want me.”

“Why?”

“’Cause I was happy when you were my Master. I didn’t have to worry about making the right decision—I ain’t never been any good at that. I just had to please you. It’s what I want to do.” His voice was pleading.

“You’d be content just being a fucktoy?”

“I’ll be content being your fucktoy, if that’s what you want. If you want me to fight at your side, too, I’ll do that, I’d like to do that.”

Spike said nothing, only looking at the human before him. He’d been out in the courtyard this afternoon—the witch had included it within the wards—and he was slightly tan and smelling of sunshine and flowers and cut grass. His hair was in his face and his chin was a bit stubbly. His muscles were hard and his cock soft and sweet, nestled among the dark curls at his groin. And although there was no way to be certain—no way ever to be certain of this man—Spike believed he was telling the truth.

He reached over and picked up the collar. It was the same one he’d bought Lindsey, over two years ago. He unbuckled it and fastened it around Lindsey’s neck. “Thank you, Master,” Lindsey said, his voice hoarse with emotion. A tear had slipped from his eye.

Spike bent down and kissed him. It was a proprietary kiss, demanding yet not ungentle, and Lindsey parted his lips and moaned as Spike thrust his tongue inside. The man tasted of beer and sugar.

There were footsteps at the door. Spike broke off the kiss and looked over at Angel, who was expressionlessly taking in the scene before him. Lindsey remained kneeling, his hands clasped behind him, his head meekly bowed.

Spike wanted to explain, but he wasn’t sure he could find the right words even now. He loved Angel. It was Angel who made his bloody existence worthwhile. And to know Angel loved him back—that was more than he’d ever hoped for. But he also cared for Lindsey, and he fancied the way Lindsey seemed to need him in a way Angel never could. He’d fight for Lindsey if he had to, but he didn’t want to have to choose one over the other.

Angel came into the room and stared down at them. Spike steeled himself for what was to come: anger, rejection…he wasn’t certain.

Angel reached out his hand and lightly touched Spike’s hair, stroking it. “You want this?”

Spike looked up at him. “Yeah. It’s not…I still—“

“I know. It’s all right.”

Spike blinked in surprise. He hadn’t expected Lindsey to offer himself like this, and he certainly hadn’t expected Angel to accept it so easily. “You don’t—“

“Will. I love you. I want you to be happy. Being needed makes you happy, doesn’t it? Isn’t that part of why you stuck with Dru all those years, no matter how badly she treated you?”

“I expect so.”

“I don’t understand why, but Lindsey needs you.” He shook his head. “He makes a good little pet, too. And…and I guess we can use all the help we can get.” The last was said grudgingly.

Lindsey looked up through his fringe at Angel. “Sir? I’ll be good, I promise. And I can make Master happy.”

“Yeah, and make me unhappy. Which”—he sighed—“probably isn’t such a bad thing, under the circumstances. If you hurt Spike again I promise you I’ll tear off every shred of your skin and take that ice pick to your frontal lobe after all.”

“Yes, sir,” Lindsey said earnestly.

Spike stood and embraced Angel, who was slightly tense at first, but then yielded to hug Spike back. Spike thought that if he lasted another thousand years, he’d never grow tired of the feel of Angel against him. He moved his hands down until they were on Angel’s arse, and pulled his grandsire even closer so that they were nestled together. He licked Angel’s neck, and the big vampire shuddered slightly in his arms. “I could lend him to you,” Spike whispered in his ear, loud enough for Lindsey to hear as well.

Spike could feel Angel’s interest in that idea, as Angel’s cock grew firmer. But Angel said, “We have to plan, Spike. Wolfram and Hart—“

“Those tossers have been around thousands of years. They can wait a few more hours, love.” He knew Angel was wavering between duty and desire, so he nibbled lightly at Angel’s jawline.

“Will, I—“ Spike shut him up with a kiss.

Within moments, all three of them were on Angel’s big bed. Lindsey still had only his collar on, but he wore more than the vampires. Angel sat with his back against the headboard, his legs splayed slightly in front of him, as he played his fingers through Spike’s hair. Spike was on all fours, nursing slowly on Angel’s cock and rolling his heavy bollocks in his hand. Lindsey meanwhile, was underneath Spike, wanking him gently while tonguing his glans.

Still, Angel couldn’t quite give it up. “We need to figure out who their supporters are now and who can help us. I think those Britzai—“

Spike slid his mouth off of Angel’s dick with a loud slurp. “Liam. We’ll do it, I promise. We’ll make those twats wish they’d never heard of us. My pet will help, yeah?” Lindsey made an affirmative noise but didn’t stop what he was doing. “But will you shag me now? Please?”

Angel smiled. “I knew I could make you beg.”

An hour later, they lay in a sweaty, exhausted row on the bed. Spike’s softening cock was still buried inside Lindsey, while Angel’s was still buried in him. It felt bloody brilliant. Angel was biting gently at his shoulder with blunt teeth, making Spike’s sensitized skin shiver. He’d come so hard he nearly blacked out, and he wanted to never move again.

“Got an idea for a weapon,” Lindsey mumbled against his pillow.

“Yeah, pet?”

“Guaranteed to send those assholes running away with their tails between their legs.”

“Yeah?”

“Most horrifyin’ thing they’ll ever experience.”

Spike suddenly had an idea where this was going and he smothered a snicker against Lindsey’s back while reaching over to fondle Lindsey’s flaccid cock. He was going to have to punish Lindsey for what he was about to say, but he had the feeling that was why Lindsey was saying it. Angel was never in danger of losing his soul with the two of them around.

Angel stopped biting at Spike. “What?” he said impatiently. “What’s this great weapon?”

Lindsey gave a slow grin. “Vampire with a karaoke machine.”

~~~fin~~~