Uriel nudged Cassiel in the side, and put his lips close to Cassiel's ear.
"Dare you."

Cassiel struggled to keep a grip on the books he held clasped in his arms.
"No."

Uriel heaved a much put-upon sigh and dragged Cassiel behind a bookcase.
"Come on, you have similar interests. You both like books. What's not to
like?"

"That," Cassiel said, quite serenely, "is the Metatron's twin.
I am not about to go sit in his lap just because you want incriminating
pictures."

Uriel managed a credible imitation of being utterly appalled. "Cass,
would I do something like that? I just think it's good for you to broaden your
horizons once in awhile."

Cassiel raised an inquiring eyebrow. "Does that mean you no longer
consider yourself capable? How quickly domesticity sinks in." He received
another elbow in the gut for his trouble.

"Just look at him," Uriel hissed.

Cassiel gamely looked at Sandalphon through the spaces in the bookshelf. It
was difficult to tell at first glance that he and the Metatron were twins.
Sandalphon wore loose robes of a muted blue-grey, and his hair was conveniently
bound away from his face and secured at the nape of his neck. His eyes were
actually an interesting shade of gold, but overall, he just looked like an
ordinary sort of fellow who was trying to get some research done. Cassiel could
sympathize.

And Uriel was a pain in the ass when he was up to no good, as Cassiel knew
from long experience. Uriel would pester and threaten and tease and pester and
whine and pester and goad and mock and pester... The memory was already giving
Cassiel the twinges of a headache.

"Oh, bother," he said finally, and thrust his books into Uriel's
arms.

Cassiel walked up to Sandalphon's table and discretely cleared his throat.
Sandalphon looked up briefly, mild surprise registering on his face.
"Look," Cassiel said quietly. "You know Uriel, don't you?"

Sandalphon pursed his lips in annoyance. "Mischievous fellow, as I
recall."

Cassiel nodded. "So you'll understand that this is for our own
good."

Then he promptly straddled the grey-haired angel's lap and laid as good a
kiss on him as he'd ever given. Sandalphon was frozen in shock, but managed to
respond towards the end. Cassiel carefully removed himself and straightened
Sandalphon's robes a bit, before settling in the chair next to him.

"Uriel," he called quietly. "Bring my books, will you?"

Uriel came out from behind the bookshelf, eyes wide. He handed the books to
Cassiel. I didn't think you'd actually do it, he whispered into Cassiel's
mind.

Maybe we'll do it if you leave the room.

Cass! Uriel said indignantly. Honestly. You thoroughly seduce a boy
and then he starts jumping boring people. What's this place coming to? He
ranted as he shut the library door.

"He thinks you're boring," Cassiel said quietly to Sandalphon,
opening to the index of his first book.

"I think he's a pain in the ass," Sandalphon retorted tartly.
"Ah, you have that book on the Visgoths. Could I borrow it a moment?"

Cassiel wordlessly handed it over.

"Are we really boring?" Sandalphon mused, long moments later.

Cassiel didn't bat an eye. "Depends. How do you feel about library
sex?"

Sandalphon's gaze met his. "So long as you don't damage the books."

A small smile crossed Cassiel's lips. "My feelings exactly," he
mumured, and began to disrobe.