My girlfriend and I love to go to Sci-Fi/Comic conventions whenever we get a chance. Some folks might think it strange that a couple of thirty-somethings would spend so much time and effort to do this but they really don't know what fun they're missing. We love seeing everyone cosplaying as their favorite characters. We spend a fair amount of time guessing who some of the more obscure characters might be. My girlfriend, Anne, also uses it as inspiration for her self-published comic. She has been creating her own comics since high school and has a small but loyal following. Anne loves to incorporate many of the costume elements she sees into her drawings. Whenever she finds something she must use, she always asks for a picture of the cosplayer and gives them her card. She makes sure to let them know that her work contains many adult themes that some folks just aren't comfortable with.
One of the reasons she began creating her comic was to help her process the all the changes that were happening in her life. In early high school Anne began her transition, with the full support of her Korean family, from a boy to the woman she is now (with a few things still left unchanged). Most of her early work is very emotional and personal, but as she grew into herself her stories definitely took a turn for the more exaggerated and erotic. Anne also grew as an artist and used a lot of manga influences to stylize her characters.
I won't go into all the craziness of her life in school, but yes, she was bullied by boys and girls alike but used a lot what happened to create the stories for her comic. Her main characters were a team of young women, who like her, were either transitioning themselves or were born as intersexed (sometimes called Futanari or Futas). Her team would brave the city at night helping out those in need and taking out the criminal element, while also maintaining their school work so they wouldn't be discovered. They were a group of badass young women who wouldn't tolerate any crap from anyone.
Now back to this one Comicon in particular. We had been walking around most of the day in costumes ourselves. I was Gambit (from X-Men) and Anne was my Rouge. We went all out with our cosplay, I had the full trench coat, head band, and Bo staff and she was in a full yellow and green body suit that left no curve to the imagination (and if she wasn't careful, she would show off something they probably weren't imagining). I always had a bit of a height advantage over Anne as I was five eleven and about 190 pounds and she was only five foot three and 120 of fit muscle, but her boots gave her a couple of extra inches today so it wasn't as great a difference. We were getting our pictures taken a lot and taking many pictures of our own. At one point we even found another Gambit and Rogue and took some great photos with them. Like some conventions as the night grew closer most of the kids started to leave and the mood turned a bit more risqué. Several cosplays began to appear with less and less of the costume actually there. There were even a few body painters showing off their skill on willing models. I found a place to relax and Anne went to get us a few drinks.
As I was sitting and doing some fantastic people watching a couple of young women passed by and caught my eye. Their cosplays were definitely manga inspired. One was tall and in a dark green flowing wig and the other much shorter and in a dark pink bob wig. Something in the back of mind was trying to put the pieces together of who they were cosplaying. I kept staring as they walked around the area for a bit but could not figure it out. I was able to snap a quick shot with my phone but it wasn't a great one.
A few minutes later Anne returned with drinks and pizza (I may not have said this yet but she's amazing and she brings me food). That made me forget all about the two women for a bit. After inhaling the pizza and letting the alcohol flow into and relax me, I remembered the women and pulled out my phone to show Anne.
"Are you FUCKING kidding me? Anne exclaimed, totally shocking me and making me wonder what I had done wrong.
"I... I... but we..." I stammered.
"Those are MY characters! Those girls are cosplaying as someone I created. I can't Fucking believe this!" Anne just sat there staring at phone in amazement. "How did you not recognize them? It's Mina and Val, the twins. I have a poster of them in my office at home."
I sat there slack jawed. I had honestly thought they might have been some obscure manga cosplay but now that I saw the photos again there was no doubt. These were her characters, and this was something truly momentous for Anne.
"We have got to find them now!" Anne practically shouted as she began gathering up our stuff and getting ready to pursue the young women. I quickly suited back up, grabbed by Bo staff, and headed toward the main event hall, the last direction I saw the 'twins' heading.
Another quick note about Anne, she is one of the most tenacious people you will meet. She doesn't look like much but as she walked through the crowded hall the people flowed around her. She walked with such an unparalleled determination that man and beast alike would have made room for her to pass. I struggled to keep pace. Her natural speed, aided by a lifetime of dance, was always amazing. I had to use my staff a few times to push my way through after her. We spent the next half hour crisscrossing the hall trying to get a glimpse of the pair that she was after. I could tell she was still excited and becoming annoyed that they had eluded us so far.
"Use that height of yours and keep an eye out for their hair," she practically snarled at me. I had been focusing on keeping up with her so much that I really hadn't been very observant to much else.
"Take a moment, a breath," It was something I would say to her when she would get so far ahead of herself that she would start to seem manic. "We will start from here and work our way back to the entrance."
Anne looked up into my eyes and I could tell she was a little worried. She took a deep breath. And then took another. "I 've never seen anyone dress as one of my characters. I have to find them."
"I know. We will".
Now that I was less focused on Anne, I could scan the crowds for them. We walked easily back through the hall until we found a large booth that was selling manga and at least nine different women had on pink or green wigs. We quickly dismissed a few of them based on the colors alone. Neon green and cotton candy pink were not the one's we were tracking right now. Anne went around one side of the booth while I went the other way. In back of the both was the more adult manga and that's where I found them. Standing with their faces buried in an issue with an overly voluptuous ahegao girl on the cover.
"Excuse me?" I asked. Both young women looked up at me and I was taken aback. Both of them had done their makeup to make themselves a bit ahegao. A touch of extra eyeliner, the blushed red checks dotted with light freckles and each with lipstick that matched the color of their wigs.
"Mina, Val" I bluntly said, pointing to each in turn. Mina with her dark green wig, matching lipstick and boots stood almost as tall as me while Val in her almost magenta pink wig, heels, and makeup was several inches shorter. Both had an equally shocked look on their faces.
"You know who we are?" They said almost in unison, slowly turning to look at each other then back to me.
"Yes, and I have someone who will be very excited to meet you both."
At that moment I felt someone grab my arm as if to steady themselves. I looked over to see Anne, for one of the few times since I had met her, speechless.
"Mina, Val, I would like to introduce you to Anne. Anne Yeon." I let the words hang in the air for a moment, giving everyone a chance to catch their breath.
"Hello," Anne whispered. "It's so great to see you. You both look so amazing. The costumes, the makeup it's all just spot on." As she continued, she found her voice again and every word was spoken at a more excited pace than the one before. I could feel the trembling in her hand as she gripped my arm. I had never seen her in a state like this. But I had never seen her face to face with a living embodiment of her own creation.
"Anne Yeon? THEE Anne Yeon?" Mina asked. The two looked at one another and then back to Anne. Both women seemed to start welling up with tears and looked like they would need a steady hand to hold onto soon.
Anne nodded her head emphatically. She seemed to be welling up herself. Anne outstretched her arms and waived them in for a hug. All three women embraced like long lost sisters. All three on the verge of happy tears with the occasional sniffle added in.
I stood there knowing this was not my moment. I felt like I was standing guard over the trio as little whispers were shared between them. More sniffles, Mina laughed, Val almost snorted, both of which caused Anne to go into a laughing/crying fit herself. People were passing by and staring but kept quickly moving once they noticed the broad smiles that accompanied the tears. This was an obviously joyful moment to anyone who witnessed it.
I've witnessed it a few times before. Anne has been featured at a few smaller conventions, ones with a much more progressive view of the world. The first few years of Anne's comics dealt with her transition and the problems she faced. She kept her characters very grounded in the details of her actual life. When she was bullied and harassed, the same things would happen to her characters and through her outlandish friends they would come up with solutions. Most of the time. Like in life there were times she didn't know how to write it so that everything worked out. It was dealing with those problems that made her work stand out to the young LGBTQIA community. I had witnessed her meeting young men and women who read her work and found meaning in it. It was always tearful and almost always happiness followed.
While the women were sharing this special moment, I used some of the time to get a better look at the details of their cosplays. Mina, in green, had to be around 5 foot 8, as her boots didn't have huge heels and she was close to my height. She had athletic squared off shoulders, the type you see on a lot of swimmers or volley ball players. I couldn't really tell about the rest of her as her drees flowed out from her waist to rest just around her knees. Everything was green. The wig, her lipstick, her calf length boots, the trim of her dress and even down to the fingerless mesh gloves that went up to her elbow. I had to say he was spot on for her costume.
Val was by far the smallest of the trio. Even with her dark pink heels she was still a few inches shorter than Anne. I guessed she had to be only five feet tall or 5'1 at the most. Her pink bob wig framed her pale face but the best part of her were her legs. They were encased in sheer magenta thigh high stockings that along with the heels looked amazing. She had obviously spent some time on her dress as well. The pink trimming matched perfectly along with her nails, lipstick, and the slip that just peaked out from under her thigh high skirt. I couldn't see as much of her body as she was enveloped by the other two, but you could see that she took care of herself.
After a few minutes of the three women embracing together, I tapped Anne on the arm and mentioned we should take this somewhere where they could talk much easier. That's when the other two remember I was still there and the smaller one, Val, said "He's with you? Wow! Lucky you." to Anne.
"Yes, I know." Anne stated with a beaming smile and a wink back to Val.
I led the way out of the hall with the trio following close behind. Whispers and little snickers of laughter following me the entire time. Once out I suggested we find a restaurant to sit, eat, and drink. Everyone agreed so we walked down the block to a nearby pub and asked for a quiet booth near the back. The pub was used to having the cosplay crowd over the course of the weekend, so we didn't get the stares you get sometimes. Anne slid in first on our side and I followed. Val slid in on the other side while Mina seemed to be a little cautious about sitting but lowered herself gently into the booth. We ordered drinks and I was properly introduced to both of our new friends.
"I'm Alex, "said the woman dressed as Mina, "and I've been transitioning since the end of high school. So almost eight years now."
I was taken a bit of guard by her bluntness. Most people who are in transition aren't as forthcoming to someone they just met. Anne then explained that she had told them quite a bit in the short time they had been talking. I was very aware of Anne's transition and knew a great deal of her past. I had read all of the back issues of her comic, and had talked with her about many of the troubling things that had happened to her. She had also told them we had been together for just over three years and had a very active personal life. I can only assume that a good portion of the laughter that had followed me out of the hall had been a discussion of some of our more adult adventures.
"And I'm actually Valerie" I chuckled a bit at that and she chimed in, "yeah, I know, weird coincidence. I've only been transitioning for about a year and a half now. I met Alex at a support group and when she found out my name, she told me I had to read these books. I was never big on comics or anything like that, but when I read those first few issues it really helped knowing that I wasn't the only person these things had happened to." Her last sentence slowly becoming choked up and the reappearance of tears in her eyes.
Anne reach across the table to take Val's hand in her own and held on comforting her as our drinks arrived. Small talk ensued while our new friends got a bit more comfortable with me.
In her comic series the twins are a bit of opposites. Mina was tall and athletic and taking out the biggest and baddest of their foes, while Val was the petite intellectual who used her wits to defeat the enemy at hand. It turns out that in real life Alex was the smart one with an MBA she used to start her own financial consulting business. Valerie was a gymnast when she was younger and kept up with some of her training, but bounced around from job to job until Alex had found a place for her in her office.
The drinks flowed and the conversation quickly shifted gears when Alex asked Anne about the turn the stories began to take when they went from a more serious tone to a more erotic theme.
"I had worked through my personal issues and then I just wanted to get kinky." Anne stated. Alex and Valerie both just stared at Anne for a bit.
"And it doesn't hurt that she can be quite imaginative when the mood strikes her." I chimed in with a wink to both of them.
Alex shifted uncomfortably across from me, but not quite meeting my eyes. Then after a few moments of comfortable silence, she began to ask, "So, you're saying that you and Anne..."
"Yes, we have done almost everything you've seen in her draw in her books. We even take reference pictures for her to use later. I think there's even a few videos at home that are straight from the screen to the page." I said with a little twinkle in my eye. As I spoke, I also began to caress Anne's thigh slowly working my way up. I knew that she was becoming as excited as I was by the turn in the conversation. As I reached the curve into her hip Anne quickly grabbed around my arm. She held tight and pushed down, forcing my hand into her crotch. I could feel her bulge growing rapidly now that it had contacted with something familiar. She gave a throaty purr, wiggled around my arm, then just smiled at our new friends.
Alex again shifted uncomfortably in the booth, while Valerie dropped her hand to her lap under the table and squirmed herself a bit lower. Anne just grinned like the Cheshire cat biting playfully into my bicep to keep from laughing out loud.
"So, I was wondering," Anne interjected after a few moments later, "are your costumes fully accurate? I can see the hair, the makeup, shoes, even the clothes are all correct. But what about...?" she asked trailing off.
Both Alex and Valerie stared at Anne with hesitant looks in their eyes. Anne glanced down from each women's eyes drawing her gaze below the visible table to where each of their crotches would possibly be. In her comic, Mina and Val are not only twins but they are also Futanari. Women who also happen to have a fully developed penis. As the stories in her comic became more erotic, so did the twins.
"Are you styling the older look or the newer version that I put out a couple of years ago?" inquired Anne. In the newer comics the twins had to wear chastity cages most of time, due to their overwhelming desire to put their overexcited cocks into anyone they could.
"The newer ones." squeaked Valerie after a long silence. This caused Alex to glare over at her friend with a questioning look. "and yes, we are fully accurate." She piped in while refusing to meet Alex's eyes. I felt Anne's own cock twitch in my hand as it was said. I was growing harder as well. I knew where this conversation was heading and couldn't wait to know the outcome.
"I think I'm going to go pay the check now. I'll be right back." I slid my way out of the booth. As I rose from the table, I made sure to readjust myself as I stepped around the next table. I made sure our new friends saw the bulge in my pants. Anne knew what I was doing and I could only imagine what thoughts Alex and Valerie were having right now.
"So, you're both locked up in chastity right now? I can tell you're both starting to feel a bit restrained at the moment, but hopefully you would like to come back with us. We have a suite up the street from here and would love to have you. So where are your keys?" Anne was so matter of fact with them that they were speechless.
Finally, Alex composed herself enough to blurt out, "We have each other's key, just in case we need to get out of them quickly." Valerie just squirmed a bit more, saying nothing.
"Would you pass me your keys please? If you do, the night will continue and I'm sure we will all have a memorable evening. If not, we will go our separate ways and me and my boyfriend will fuck each other until we can't see straight." Anne could feel herself growing harder at those words. It was going to be an uncomfortable walk back to the hotel, but hopefully these two would be willing to join in on the fun.
Alex and Valerie stared at Anne for a few moments. Valerie finally turned to her friend and once she caught Alex's eye, with a pleading look she quickly nodded her head. Alex hesitantly nodded back in agreement. A smile formed again on Anne's lips. The other two women slowly reached into their bags and each retrieved a small gold key on a ring. Alex's held the key with a small pink kitten on the ring. Valerie's key ring held a small green frog along with the key. Anne's pulse quickened a bit, they even had the right key rings that she had created.
This, of course, was all told to me later by Anne. She always loves filling in the details. When I returned both Alex and Valerie were sitting up a little straighter in the booth. I stood at the end of our table, the obvious bulge of my crotch just below Alex's eyeline. Anne began sliding out of the booth, stooping just at the edge, I shifted over and placed a small kiss on the top of her head. I do believe she purred when I did it.
"Well these lovely ladies have agreed to join us back in our suite, so I do believe we should get going." Anne voice was just dripping sensuality.
"Yes, but first, let's get a picture of my three beautiful women while I'm still able to, shall we?"  
Anne rose from the booth, both Alex and Valerie could not mistake the bulge that had formed in her tights. Anne asked for Alex's hand and pulled her up from the booth. She then slid herself across the seat pulling Alex back down next to her.
"Smile ladies," I said. As I fired of several pictures on my phone. In most of them Alex looked shocked, while Valerie's eyes were rolling into her head. I could only wonder as to where Anne's hands gone once they were under that table. "Those are okay, but Anne, why don't you get comfy with our new friends?"
Anne pulled them, her arms around their back, squeezing them together for a great group shot. I will say they looked much more comfortable with Anne hugging the both of them closely.
"Now you already have the makeup for it ladies, so how about you give me a nice Ahegao look for this final shot. I know you know how. When I found you were looking at one of those issues." I gave them a knowing look and wink to Alex who still looked like she may have been caught in a whirlwind.
It seemed to relax her a bit and she started doing in. Alex leaned her head to nearly touch Anne's, slowly rolled her eyes back into her head, dropped her jaw opened her mouth, and lolled her tongue down her chin. As she did this a small amount of saliva dripped from the end of her tongue and into her cleavage. I has so hard I was aching, and I forgot to take the picture. Anne cleared her throat snapping me back to attention.
"Sorry, camera malfunction. Let's try one more time, ladies."
All three of these ladies, as if in unison, rolled their eyes back, and dropped their tongues out of their open mouths. I just kept my finger on the shutter button and took a handful of shots.
Good god it was going to a fantastic fucking evening.