Harry wasn’t feeling particularly welcomed in the Slytherin common room, so he had commandeered an abandoned classroom to do his homework in peace. He had finished his Charms essay, and was currently struggling with his Potions one.

Professor Slughorn was kinda nice, but his subject was highly complicated and Harry was rereading the same page for the fifth time, not understanding it any better than the first.

He opened the Potions compendium he had checked out of the library — four weeks ago, Madam Pince was going to have his head — and looked at the index in the hope of finding inspiration.

He felt a draught against his left side and looked up; his locking spell must have failed again. He nearly jumped when he saw a silvery figure floating by his side.

“That’s because mulberry is a plant,” the ghost offered.

It was a boy, a little older than himself, maybe sixteen, Harry thought. He was wearing the same Slytherin uniform as Harry. A curtain of hair hid his face as he bent forward to read Harry’s textbook.

“What?” Harry said belatedly.

“You have to add the slugs before the mulberry, because mulberry is a plant. Animal parts before plants, it’s a rule for the whole category of cleaning potions.”

“Oh. That’s a useful rule to know, thanks.”

Harry carefully noted it in his notebook.

“Yes. As your textbook is a useless piece of shit, it doesn’t mention it,” the ghost said, disgusted.

Harry giggled. “Do you have any better books to recommend?”

“Try Cawthair, Theory of Potion-Making. It’s very good. Though,” the ghost turned to take a look at Harry, “you’re only a first year, right? It’s a bit advanced.”

Harry nonetheless wrote the reference down.

“Thanks. By the way, I’m Harry.”

“Severus.” He looked suspiciously at Harry. “You look somewhat familiar.”

Harry shrugged. “I’m told I look a lot like my father. You might have known him; his name was James Potter.”

Severus stared. “You’re James Potter’s son? Wait a minute, you’re a Potter and a Slytherin? Now that’s just grand!”

He let out a laugh. Harry blinked in confusion.

“Did you know my father?”

“Yes, I did. And I didn’t like him, so no need to ask for stories,” Severus added as Harry opened his mouth.

Harry nodded, a little glumly. A new thought had him brighten again.

“What about my mother?”

“Lily Evans, yes? I heard she had married him. Can’t imagine why.”

Harry ignored the disgusted comment and asked again, “Did you know her?”

“She was good at Potions,” Severus said grudgingly.

“Which I’m not.”

Severus shrugged. “Honestly, with a teacher like Slughorn. . .”

“Were you?”

“What?”

“Good at Potions?” Harry explained.

Severus looked at Harry for a second, then he nodded. “Yes. Now, what else are you having difficulties with?”