DISCLAIMER:
This is possibly a story of fiction. If you are not an adult, you cannot consent, even to read this story. Note also that my stories may portray sexual acts that are not necessarily safe. Since you are an adult reading this, you know it. 

Note too that this story, like all my stories, is Copyright (c) 2003 by Katinka. All Rights Reserved. No commercial publishing is allowed, but feel free to post my stories at other free websites with reference to me as the author. Do drop me a note telling me where you are posting my stories. No modification whatsoever is allowed.

+++++

Tutoring My Cunt Chapter 3.

That Monday afternoon I took off my clothes at the door as usual. Dick saw my bare cunt immediately and smiled to my face. He kissed me friendly on the mouth, closed lips, as a welcome. He surprised me with that. Dick explained that a meeting is not complete without a welcome and a farewell.

We went upstairs to his room and he sat me down on the sofa. Then he went to sit beside me and looked me in the eye.

"Is there anything you want to tell me?" he asked.

I turned to my side, laid back on the sofa and opened my legs wide. One leg I put over the backrest and one on the floor. My head was put against the armrest.

"Does this tell you a story of it's own or do you want me to elaborate?"  I asked him seductively. My left hand was on my cunt and I spread my naked pussylips just a little bit.

"Tell me how you came to do this." Dick said.

"Cathleen, Jenny and I went shopping Saturday as you know. You instructed me to buy thongs and I did, as you could see. Actually, we all bought thongs. Anyway, Cathleen and I shared a booth and I saw her cunt was shaven bald. I got horny instantly and decided to do it too. Later that evening Cathleen showed us how to do it. She only shaved her lips and asshole. Jenny than shaved only her cuntlips too, but when I started shaving I got so horny thinking about it that I couldn't stop. I shaved myself a Brazilian and when we all realized that that would show, I thought "what the hell" and shaved it all off. 

"Later that evening Cathleen admitted that she always wanted to do that, but lacked the guts. We went back into the bathroom to shave her pussy totally bare immediately. We also took care of our armpits and now my three "armpits" are bare. I love having no body hair.

"Back in bed again we started touching each other and we kissed and sucked each other. We did a 69. It was so hot. The next morning Jenny found out that we were both naked as a baby and she shaved the last bits off too.

"I had to repeat the shave this morning to look good for you and I became horny again so I got myself off in the shower. Jenny had to wait her turn to shower but when she found out why, she shaved and fingered herself too."

While telling this story my hands had not been idle. My left hand had descended in my cunt and my fingers were pumping my hole. My other hand fondled my tits hard.

"Fuck Dick, why does shaving or better: bald sex, make me horny?"

"Many people have fetishes. Some like women in stockings, some like high heels, some like spanking. You may have a shaving fetish. I saw a website with shaven pussies once. I'll find it for you some time. Now what is this wet bald cunt doing in front of my face baby? Want any help?"

"Yes Dick please suck my pussy. I'll suck your dick later if you'll let me. Ooohh I'm so hot right now. Put that tongue in my cunt Dick. Lick my hairless pussy deep baby. Mmmhh yes keep going on. Yesss."

Dick was hard at work trying to please my cunt. His tongue sucked my inner lips and he pulled them outside with his lips. He went in deep with one finger and he pounded my pussy with it. His other hand was working on my tits, but with my period coming up they were almost too sensitive. When I told him he handled them differently in a special way and I felt electricity shooting from my tits to my cunt.

"Yess. Oooohh you are good. Suck my pussy baby. I'm cumming soon."

But I wasn't. Dick handled me in a way that I felt close to cumming several times, but Dick never let me get over the edge. The build up to the orgasms was in a way that the next one felt like becoming even a higher peak but Dick wouldn't let me get to the top.

"Please Dick let me cum now. I'm going crazy if I don't cum now. Ooohh don't stop its coming again. Mmmmhh yes keep on licking. Suck my clit hard. NOW. I'm cumming CUMMING. Hngngng." And with that I came like I had never felt before. My brains were in overload of pleasure and I saw sparks before my eyes.

I must have yelled my lungs out too and when I looked down I saw Dick slurping up my cum by the gallon. He was really gobbling it down. The orgasm went on for at least an hour in my mind, but it must be 30 to 40 seconds in reality. Dick went on licking until I couldn't take it anymore and he had to stop.

It took me a couple of minutes to recuperate. 

"That was the most intense sex experience I have had yet," I said to Dick. "You are a master in sucking a girl to ecstasy. How do you know all these things?"

"You must know my reputation with the girls." Dick said. "But on top of that you are one of three people who know that I had special training."  

I remembered that the tutoring started with Mrs. Wright and that Dick received his tutoring from her. But surely that wouldn't include... My eyes went large with realization.

"No, she didn't..."

"Yes, she did! Barbara Wright is a very sexy lady. Or must I say horny? She is a master in sex and in her personal live she educates sex professionals. That is enough for now. I trust you to keep this quiet as does Mrs. Wright. But now you know that I learned to please from a master. She taught me well and I am experienced in several fields of sex. You and I will walk the path together too, but all in good time.  

"What did you say about sucking my cock?"

"Yes I want to suck your cock Dick, but there is more. Cathleen told us about Dan and that he shaved his balls and dick. She loves to suck his smooth cock. Can you do that for me too?"

"No I don't think that I will," Dick started teasingly and when he saw my disappointed face. "But you can do it for me!"

I was happy as a child. I sprang forward into his arms and kissed his lips with a single peck. Dick held me on his lap. It was an intimate moment but it was not heavy with expectations.

"Suck my dick hard Cunt, so that it will be easier to shave."

I took him in my mouth and licked with my tongue and sucked at the same time. With my hands I pumped his cock and fondled his balls. His cock rose to his 8,5 inches in no time. Then Dick took me to his bathroom and produced scissors, razor and shaving cream. I took a washcloth and said Dick to sit on the toilet after closing the lid. His cock sprang forward beautifully and I used the excuse that I had to keep it firm so that I could suck him some more and taste his precum. I licked my lips.

I used the scissors to cut down the length of his hairs. I trimmed his dick, his sack and his pubes. Then, after sucking his dick up to strength, I used the washcloth to soften the hairs. I applied shaving cream and started shaving My Dick. I pulled the skin taught and was really careful in shaving him clean. His sack was very soft and had a lot of wrinkles but with a bit of pulling I shaved his balls clean. I didn't forget that piece of skin between his asshole and his balls.

"What do I do with the hairs above your cock?" I asked Dick.

"Make your own decision Cunt." He answered and really let me free to decide.

I decided that I didn't want those hairs to come of just yet. Maybe later I would. I washed all the foam and small hair off and took his cock in my hand. I stroked up and down a couple of times and felt my job well done. Then I took his dick firmly in my hand and pulled Dick towards his bedroom. There we laid down on the waterbed and I took his naked cock in my mouth as soon as I could. Dick was on his back and I was crouched up on my knees between his legs, with my mouth on his cock.

I sucked and licked his cock and balls. I loved the feel of his naked flesh and told Dick so repeatedly. I could feel that Dick became eroused and I thought that it was time for the real job. I started sucking Dick in earnest now and I tried to deepthroat him again. His cock went into my mouth much easier and after several tries I could shove the whole 8,5 inches in my mouth. This time I did not feel his pubes in my nose and his bare balls slapped my chin nicely.

"I'm gonna cum soon baby. Mmmhh you suck me so well. Lick my cock baby. Yes just like that."

I decided that I wanted to taste all of his cum in my mouth this time and when I felt his cock getting thicker and more rigid I knew he would shoot his load soon. Quickly I took his cock from my throat, but not out of my mouth. His dick twitched and he shot several shots of cum deep in my mouth. I didn't swallow. I tried to keep it all in my mouth, but it leaked out in the corner. When he was done I showed Dick his cum by opening my mouth and twirling with my tongue. Then I gulped it down looking him in his eyes. I had to swallow several times to get my mouth clear.

"Oh you did very well Cunt. You sucked me off expertly and I love my shaved dick and balls. From now on we will shave daily until further notice.

"Today we have done enough I think. You can make your homework at home.

"I know that you have your period soon. You can wear panties in this house if you want.

"I want to talk about something else. I have known for many years that I wanted to become a gynecologist. I have chosen my majors in school for the purpose. Also I started tending some introductory classes at UCLA. So I have started to build a network in the field. I want to introduce you to that network. What do you think?"

"Wow," I said, "that would be marvelous. But don't forget that I am only 14, well 15 in three weeks."

"No I didn't forget, in fact for lectures these professors are always on the lookout for patients to show their students the actual thing. Mostly they show diseases, cures, treatments and techniques. In two weeks there is a lecture about virgins and also anti conception. Would you, Cathleen and Jenny be interested to be guinea pigs and be examined by Freshman students? I think you can be rewarded accordingly but that remains to be a surprise.

"Ask Cathleen and Jenny. Remember them that they have to be virgins and don't have their periods."

I knew that Jenny's period was at the same time as mine. In many communities where women live together they have periods at the same time. I had to ask Cathleen though.

"This means that I have to tell them about you." I said.

"Not yet. Maybe this is the moment that we will open up, but just tell them it is through Mrs. Wright that this comes about."

I went home wondering what the reward would be. I called Cathleen immediately and she said she would love to. She told me she was maybe into exhibitionism. Not that she wanted to walk naked in the park, but peeping and flashing turned her on. That was one of the reasons that she wore no undies the other day. Also we had our periods at the same moments, so that was no problem either.

Jenny was a bit reluctant. I had to talk long to get her okay. In the end she said to go ahead. It turned out that in the period up to the lecture it was Jenny that became the most enthusiastic of us three. She was wearing nothing under her skirt when she could too. I found that I have a hot little sister!

I called Dick and he said he'd arrange for us to go to University Campus two weeks after Wednesday.

Mondays and Thursdays I tended my fitness class. I had bought another outfit, of course with the thong crotch but yellow this time. Cathleen wanted to come along to observe the class. I think she maybe wanted to join too. I was all for that.

This evening we concentrated on suppleness. Our teacher Joya made us bend and stretch all our limbs and our backs. We were facing the wall of mirrors and she was looking into the classroom. The music was loud and the upbeat rhythm helped us keep up the pace. 

The training room was part of a big hall with weightlifting equipment. People were using them all the time and because the classroom had an all glass front they had a clear view into our classroom. Sometimes the blinds would be drawn but more often they were not. Cathleen was watching from outside the room to the side where a bar was situated. After class she came up to me while I was wiping sweat from my face. She gave me a kiss full on the mouth. My fellow students were amazed at that display, but we didn't care. That evening Cathleen indeed joined my class and we talked about getting Jenny in. We were developing into a tight threesome of friends.

"You know," Cathleen said, "that the whole room of those big strong men were only looking at you the whole hour? These machines in the front have been busy all the time. You wiggled your cunt so many times in their faces that I think that it is not only sweat they spilled tonight. But I can tell you that they have trained muscles all over their body!"

We giggled like the schoolgirls we were.

She went on. "It got me horny too. I have to have an outfit like yours too. Thinking about all these guys looking at you and your pussy and picturing me next to you. I'm so wet just remembering. But I got my period today so we can't do anything about it. Well, we just have to do something about it some other day."

We went to the bar for a drink and indeed a bunch of guys came up to us to chat. We played along but when they found out that we were 14 and 15 they lost interest. Well we were not looking for men this evening anyway.

Cathleen did ask how I came about trying all this new stuff. She figured I had a boyfriend stashed away somewhere and she tried some names on me, but she never thought about my Richard.

Joya had her shower and joined us in the bar for a drink. She was glad that Cathleen would be attending her class. She was wondering about the kiss we exchanged.

"We are really good friends," I said, "we share all our secrets together and we both love human physical contact."

I thought that it was a nice euphemism for our feelings. Joya asked us some more about that human physical contact and I got the impression that she loved "human contact" too. I wasn't sure if it would be ladies or gents that she preferred. But she kept looking at us so expectingly that I thought she at least loved both.

I left Cathleen and Joya to take a short shower. When I entered the dressing room my classmates had already gone. Only a few women weightlifters were present. When I got into the shower one of the women saw my naked pussy. It was a short but very well muscled woman in her thirties maybe. She wore a bodysuit and trainers. She acted like she wasn't interested, but she kept looking all the time. She spoke softly to another woman and she too looked at me. I acted like I didn't know they were watching and they acted like they weren't interested. Suddenly I opened my eyes and looked them straight in their faces. 

"Anything you like?" I asked.

"Fuck yeah," the first woman said. "I never had the guts to shave my twat, but I love it at you. Fuck. How the fuck you done it? And why?"

"I love having a smooth pussy and it is so convenient with the exercise and all."

"Fucking A. You're right girl. Shit I'm gonna shave me a bald beaver too. How about you Erna?"

The other woman was thirty-something too. She was beautifully build and had toned muscles but not in a bodybuilding way. She was a brunette of South American origin but mixed with Caucasian blood.

"Hell yeah. I always wanted to do that but never had the guts. We gonna make it a hype around here Gladys."

I dried myself and thought the women left. Suddenly they stood next to my bench.

"Um.. how do you do it?" Gladys asked timidly.

I was still naked and they could see my pussy very well. At that moment Joya came in the room to collect her things. She was stunned to see my bald pussy too and I saw her eyes flash with horniness. Now I had my definite answer about her sexual likings. I started to explain to the ladies how to shave and what to take care of. Joya didn't even pretend that she was not listening, but came to join the ladies. I pointed out some rough spots for shaving on my cunt and all three ladies were loving the sight.

That ended I got up and dressed. My thong, my short skirt, my short shirt without a bra today. The ladies were wet in their pants by the time I left the room. I could see a wet patch in the crotches of the two ladies in bodysuits.

On our way home I told Cathleen everything and we laughed all the way home.

-----

The rest of the week Dick and I couldn't play with my pussy. But I could suck Dick true enough. I am a real cocksucking lover. I never knew this before. It seems that most woman don't suck cock at all and those who do do it for their man, but not for their own pleasure. I am one of the few that loves sucking cock for myself.

Dick and I had long discussions about many subjects. He explained to me that in his opinion sex is not just missionary position and start humping together. Sex is a complex set of actions that make people enjoy each other. You can use your mouth, your fingers of course and your genitals but more important is using your brain. The joy you give to the other is a cocktail of things. Lust is the motor that drives you. But it is the icing on the cake is Love. Love makes the lust non-egoistic and heightens the pleasure of sex.

I had to think about that last one and decided that I had to find out for myself.

"One of the people who will be at the lecture next week is Robert Frazier." Dick started that Thursday. "He graduated last year and we met each other at Barbara Wright's. I like Bob a lot and we have become real friends. Saturday Bob and I wanted to go out on the town. I would like to introduce you to Bob. Maybe you can act as my date? What do you think?"

I was totally stunned by the request. Thoughts whirled in my mind and I couldn't find the reason for this sudden turn in our relationship. 

"You mean you are asking me out? Like, as my boyfriend or what?"

"Yeah, you don't have to be surprised that I want to spend time with you outside this room. You are very beautiful and intelligent. But one of the other reasons is that I wanted to start introducing you to my small network. Bob is a freshman at UCLA. 

"As I said, I met Bob at Barbara's. I told you she trains sex professionals. Bob is a porn actor. You can imagine that in a city as LA, HQ of the porn industry, many people work in the industry. Bob intends on getting himself through university this way. Sad really, his parents are rich as kings and only a silly quarrel make Bob want to pay his own bills.

"Any way. Bob takes his date along and I want to take you. What do you say?"

"I would love to go." I said and I really did. I knew Dick really well by this time and I trusted his judgement of character. I knew I would like Bob.

"Very well then. We'll go out for a bite and dance afterward. I'll pick you up at seven at the Seven-Eleven down the road from your house. I don't think we are ready for an interview with your dad are we?"

"Ok it's a date!"

That evening Cathleen and I had our fitness class. We really turned up the beat but I think Cathleen was more into turning things on. The men on the other side of the glass were oggling like horny dogs when we wiggled our buts and pussies in their faces. Joya saw our sensual dance and I think she invented some horny moves to warm up things some more. In the showers the other girls saw our bare pussies for the first time. They were really stunned but we explained the advantages to them and when they saw no shame on our faces you could tell some girls had to think things over.

In the bar I told Cathleen that I had a date Saturday and I wanted her opinion on what to wear. Of course Cathleen wanted to know who with, but I told her I wasn't ready to tell. It was tough for her to bear but she didn't ask me again. She would even cover for me.

"Actually," Cathleen said, "I'm going to my aunts tomorrow afternoon. Why don't you and Jenny come too? We can prep you for your hot date!"

"I'll have to ask mom. You know she doesn't like us wearing make-up."

But when I asked my mom that night she was totally for the idea.
"Of course honey. You are both almost 15. You can make your own decisions on what to do with your looks. Only thing dad and I wanted all this time is that you make decisions of your own and not just follow the trends of others. And we trust you to make the right decisions. After all, if you don't like it it is never permanent. It will grow out in time."

Yeah right. Not permanent.

Dick and I cancelled our tutoring for that afternoon. Cathleen picked Jenny and me up around 4 and we took the bus to her aunt's. Jenny and I had talked for months about what we wanted to do with our appearance. It ranged from small things to major plastic surgery. Not that we would go that far, but it was always nice to fantasize. Cathleen's aunt was really nice. She had cleared her schedule for the afternoon for us. We would pay but not the full amount. Aunt was going to try things on us and we were study material to some trainee's. I was going to give the treatment to Jenny as a birthday present. 

We left Cathleen's aunt 3 hours later. We all had been pampered and treated like queens. But I must say that we left with a total make over. Jenny and I still looked pretty much like the identical twins we are.

Mom almost went into a fit when she saw us. She thought we would only learn how to do our lips and mascara but actually Jenny and I were transformed into women. First our skins had been cleared with scrub and peeling. Then our brows were epilated to make a beautiful arc above our eyes, also the hairs were dyed a shade darker. We had permanent black mascara for our lashes and they applied perfect make-up to our lips, our eyes and our skin. But what shocked mom and dad were the small gold pierced earrings we wore and the small gold nose piercing on our left side of the nose. We were going to replace the stud with a tiny diamond later.

"We thought that.. that.. How could you two do such a thing?!"
We explained that we always wanted this and that if we would get bored with it we could take out the piercings and the holes would never show. It was our adult decision. And that was that. Mom and dad accepted our change. Mom went even so far as to ask the address of Auntie for permanent make-up for herself. She had her appointment a week later!

Saturday morning after work I got a call from Dick. I was surprised that he called me at home and I felt lucky that I had picked up the phone.

"The date is still on isn't it?" I said.

"Yes the date is still on, but there is one complication. Bob's date cancelled. I think Bob cancelled her totally after that, but there we are. I was thinking if maybe Jenny wanted to come along with us. Of course that means that we have to tell about our relationship."

"I see. What is our relationship Dick?"

"I would say that we are really good friends on our way to an even more intimate longtime relationship, but holding off till we know each other better. How does that sound to you?"

I got butterflies in my stomach and a tear in my eye.
"I think you are totally right." I said softly.

"Well then. Maybe you can ask your sister and call me back. Just explain that we are people with the same interest in medicine and that we are travelling in the same direction. Better not tell any specifics. Also I don't think we are ready to let the whole school know we know each other."

I knew what he meant. If the school knew he had a friendship with me, rumors would start and life would not be the same. I asked Jenny about coming on the date. She was amazed that I knew Richard so well and I said that we kept it silent so we would not get any strange reactions in school. She looked at me questioningly and I think she combined the changes of late and my friendship with Dick. Jenny understood and also she loved to go out with us.

We dressed for the evening. Mom and dad thought we were going out with Cathleen and trusted us to be adults. The fact that we were together helped a lot. They themselves would go out late and on occasions like this they were never home before 2. Well we had our own key.

At seven we walked to the Seven-Eleven in our tight dresses. Jenny wore a green tight dress that stopped halfway her thighs. She looked marvelous and I was really proud of her. The dress was so tight that she didn't wear a bra. I was dressed in the same way, but my dress was a little bit lower cut in the front and the back. My dress was blue, actually it was the same dress I had seen just after my introduction to Dick. I didn't wear a bra either.

Dick and Bob arrived just seconds after we arrived by foot. Dick had his mother's car, a LeBaron convertible. Bob was a handsome man. He was well build, 6'2" and 180lbs I'd say and had a head full with golden locks. His face was open and his eyes smiled. We learned that his eyes always smiled.

Dick was surprised to see the sisters Soon with piercings and make-up. I could see his pride when he introduced us to Bob as the beautiful Twins. He came up to me and gave me a short kiss on the mouth. That display took me by surprise but also a sense of pride and intimacy with Dick. Jenny and I introduced ourselves to Bob with a handshake and a kiss on the cheek.

"You girls look stunning tonight." Dick said. "I love your changes. Conny take off your panties please."

This boy kept on surprising me. He knew I had to obey him and I was really stunned that he did this in front of my sister and his friend. Bob lifted an eyebrow but didn't look upset. Maybe he was used to things like this after Barbara Wright. I could hear Jenny suck in air in surprise. I looked Dick straight in his eyes and I trusted him. So in plain view in front of the Seven-Eleven I reached up my dress and slowly took off my blue thong never breaking eye contact with Dick. When I stepped out of them I held them up and handed them over to him.

"Thank you. Jenny, you want to join Conny?"

And she did! She gave him her white panties seconds later. We got into the car: girls in the back and boys in the front.

Jenny whispered to me: "I'm soaking wet. Boy he is gorgeous. I can't believe that I am cruising the town with two of the handsomest men I know and I am only wearing a dress and shoes. And they know we are naked! This will be a fantastic evening. I never imagined that it would be like this."

We agreed that we would not let it get too far out of hand and that we would not leave each other. Of course I knew that both Bob and Dick would keep our virginity intact for the lecture. But I think Jenny was ready to go very far this evening.

We had a lovely round table in a booth at a diner. The boys were on the inside and the girls at the aisle. Bob turned out to be a fantastic man. He grew up in Connecticut and his parents were upper class. He told us that this parents were rich but very stuck up. He wanted the warmer side of life and love. His father wanted him to study law like the family had done for centuries, but Bob had pursued his own dream. So they walked different paths. Jenny and Bob hit it of right away. They laughed and talked the whole time.

During our salads Dick said to me: "Do you see that man across the aisle? He is looking at you all the time. Why don't you give him a smile?"

Indeed a man two tables down was looking at me. He was with a lovely lady, but still he was looking for fresh meat! I smiled at him so as to recognize his stare. He managed a "seductive" smile while his date was looking away.

"Seduce him with your eyes. Do it very lightly at the beginning." Dick said and didn't look at the man.

I liked the game and played with the other man a bit. During the main course I felt Dicks hand travelling up my thigh. Higher and higher he went and he started to rub the inside of my thigh. I felt his fingers stroking my leg and I loved the way he made love to me. My hand went up his leg too and I could feel his balls and dick through the material. We managed to maintain normal dinner conversation with Bob and Jenny but his hands went higher still. Suddenly Dick touched my lips with the tip of his fingers and slid through the slit with all of his fingertips. 

My dress was pushed high and I had to take my legs apart or I would die! Dick went inside my cunt with his fingers and he felt that I was soaking wet already.

"Bounce up a second and let your dress get a bit higher over your ass. Look at the other guy!"

I had totally forgotten about the other man but when I sat down again I could see that he had followed the whole action with his eyes. He was the only other person who could see what was going on and he never missed a beat! It dawned on me that he could really see all that was going on. He had a clear view of my lovely hairless pussy and Dick's hand inside it. This must have been Dick's plan because he pushed my legs wider apart and kept on fingering my cunt with energy. I reached orgasm quicker than ever, but I kept an almost straight face for the table. Not that Jenny and Bob would have noticed much anyway: they were too busy talking to each other. My horny other guy saw me cum and I think that was when he asked for the bill and left with his date directly afterwards. To go straight home and fuck like bunnies I thought.

Dick took back his hand and licked his fingers while looking at me. My hand was idle on his thigh and I felt his hard dick in his pants. I still sat there with my bare cunt visible to the world and my naked bum on the couch. I felt wicked and I loved the feeling!

"I'll help you later." I promised him softly in his ear and gave it a soft lick with my tongue.

End of part 3
+++++

Please comment my stories if you will. I would love to hear your opinions and suggestions.
Write to katinkakoers80@yahoo.com






