After what had happened last night between Eric and me, I found myself to be acting rather different. Nicer than usual. For one, I was a lot more cheery than usual when Sookie woke me up at 8:00 in the morning exactly.

When I asked her why she woke me up so early, she replied, "That's what you get for embarrassing me so much last night."

Apparently, when she told Bill the story behind why they went to his place last night he found it hilarious, embarrassing her even more. According to Sookie, Bill also took my side and agreed with me that she was a little louder than one should be.

Last night was officially, dubbed by Sookie herself, "Pick on Sookie night."

I had no objections to that. It truly must suck when your birthday agrees with your cousin instead of you. Luckily, I'm almost 100% sure that I won't ever have to worry about finding out first hand.

After taking a long, relaxing wake me up shower I got dressed in a pair of pink shorts, a strapless pink somewhat fancy top, and matching pink high heels. I applied slight make-up, and put on my jewelry; a bracelet and earrings, and grabbed my pink purse that matched my outfit and headed downstairs.

Sookie was sitting at the table when I walked into the kitchen. Setting my purse on the table I made my way over to the cabinet and took out my coffee cup. Just because I wasn't sporting my normal "I got woken up before I was ready" mood didn't mean that I wouldn't pass out if given the chance. I needed energy and coffee was my choice of it.

"So, what did you do last night?" Sookie asked, striking up a conversation as I sat down at the table across from her.

I shrugged, "Watched a movie," I answered simply, pressing my coffee cup up to my lips and taking a sip. Well, I wasn't lying. I was just simply leaving certain events out.

"What movie?"

"Jeepers creepers."

She let out a slight laugh, "Why do you love horror movies so much? That one in particular. You've seen it at least over 200 times before."

"There's just something about a long dead monster man storing dead bodies in a drain pipe/basement of an old deserted church just to eat their body parts whenever he pleases. It interests me so much."

"You're really weird," she told me, shaking her head side to side.

I smirked, "You're just now realizing that?"

"No, I've known it for a while. It just took me until now to find proof to back me up."

Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. Sookie and I looked at each other. It was a very rare occasion for us to have a visitor.

"Were you expecting someone?" Sookie asked me.

I shook my head no. Then I repeated her question to her. "Were you expecting someone?"

She, too, shook her head no.

Catiously, we both stood up at the same time. We tip toed in sync into the foyer careful not to make a sound. Well, except for wheen the heel of my shoe would occasionally graze the floor.

The knock came again, causing us to both jump when we entered the foyer. I was more jumpy than Sookie was. What if Drake had sent a day man? It wouldn't surprise me. Every vampire had a day man to do their dirty day work.

"Can you get a reading on their thoughts?" I asked in nothing above a whisper.

She concentrated hard, but came up with nothing.

"Who's there?" Sookie and I asked in unison, squeezing each other's hands.

"It's your sister," came the voice on the other side of the door.

"Oh! I recognized her voice right away. See! Sookie and I got freaked out over nothing. Letting go of Sookie's hand I flung the front door open.

She stood there wearing blue jean capris with cuts in them, a white shirt with loop designs, and matching ballet flats. She had a gold necklace and a flower mail envelope designed clutch to finish her outfit off. Her dark brown hair was up in a ponytail as it normally was.

"Rachel!" I exclaimed, throwing my arms around her.

"Selena!" she mocked throwing her arms around me, too.

When we pulled apart she walked over to Sookie and gave her a hug. "It's good to see you again, cous!"

"Likewise."

About a minute or two later we were all three sitting around the kitchen table drinking coffee and chatting.

"So, what are you doing here, Rach?" I asked curious as to why she made a surprise visit.

"I overheard momma and daddy talking about you breaking your promise to the family," she answered, "I wanted to come and personally tell you face to face that I don't hold it against you."

I was shocked. Rachel was normally the sister who always took my parents side. "You don't?"

Rachel shook her head, "I know you and I know that you wouldn't have broken your promise if you had any choice."

"And you came all the way here just to tell me that?"

She nodded, "It just didn't seem right to tell you any other way than face to face."

"What promise are you two talking about?" Sookie asked, looking at us both cluelessly.

I bit my lip, knowing that she'd be furious when I told her. "I told Eric my family secret."

Her eyes widened. "You told him! He knows you're a witch!" she exclaimed, jumping up out of her seat.

Okay, so as you can tell, Sookie only knows about part of what I am. I never told her about my vampire side because when she figured out that I was a witch, vampires were still a myth. After they came out of the coffins, I still didn't tell her the whole truth. The time was just never right.

"Yeah, I did tell him. He does know," I said, nodding.

"He's going to use it against you, you know?" she hissed, completely distrusting of him. After all, she did hate his guts. "How could you be so stupid?" Sookie asked before storming out of the kitchen.

I didn't try to stop her. When I heard the front door slam, I looked at Rachel and she looked at me, too.

"I'm going to take it that she hates that Eric guy with a passion?"

I nodded, "even that's an understatement."

"So, who's Eric?"

I smiled, feeling slight blush creep onto my face.

Rachel saw this and smirked, "You like him, don't you?"

Since Sookie had stormed out of the house, I no longer had to watch what I said. "I think I do," I confessed.

"So, who is he?"

"He's a vampire. The sheriff of Area 5 and owner of Fangtasia the vampire bar in Shreveport."

"You like a vampire? You're turning more into mom with each and every passing day," Rachel couldn't help, but laugh.

I shook my head. "Not quite." "I'm not entirely sure if I truly like him or not."

She shook her head and laughed, "You sure are something else, sis."

There was a short silence.

"Can you keep a secret?" I asked, wondering if I could trust her if I confided in her. She may be my sister, but like all sisters she didn't always keep her secrets when we were younger.

"Cross my heart and hope to die," Rachel promised. She had always been the superficial type so I knew she was serious once she said that.

I took the next 10/15 minutes telling her everything. I told her about Drake being back and being a vampire. I even filled her in on Eric and his ways. I, also, told her about the events of last night. Of course, I didn't go into details. I only briefed her. Just because she's my sister and we tell each other everything doesn't mean that I have to inform her about every little detail about my sex life. It's enough that she even knows period.

"So, how long are you staying for?"

"A week."

I smiled, "Are you up for going to Fangtasia tonight?"

Rachel shrugged, "Sounds like fun. But, won't Sookie get mad?"

I shook my head yes. "For sure! But, she doesn't have any say in what I do."

"No one ever has. Not even mom or dad."

I laughed, "I always was the bad kid wasn't I? Never listening, never following the rules, etc."

"Yes, you were," Rachel agreed. "Well, it's been a long day for me already. I took the red eye here. I could really use a nice, long, relaxing shower," she said with a sigh.

I motioned my head down the hall. "Use the guest bathroom. It's clean. Fresh towels are in the closet."

She stood up, "Alright, thanks."

Following suite, I replied, "I'm gonna go out and look for Sookie."

"Okay, but no fighting because you like someone that she hates. It's pathetic."

I sighed and made a sarcatic remark, "I know. Thanks for the tip...mom."

She laughed while retreating to the guest bathroom.

I made my way out of the kitchen and into the foyer.

"I'm going to have to borrow one of your outfits tonight," she called to me from halfway down the hall.

"Alright!" I called back, opening the front door, and closing it behind me.

--------

I walked for at least five minutes before locating Sookie in the cemetary. As usual she was kneeling at Gran's grave talking to her about her concerns in the world and such. Of course, today I was Sookie's major concern.

When she came into view I slowed my steps and walked as quietly as I could. I didn't want her to hear me coming just yet. The closer I got to her the louder her voice became. She wasn't holding anything back that's for sure.

"I don't want her to get hurt again, Gran. If she continues to trust Eric with everything then that's where she's gonna wind up. I can't help, but be over proctective of her. She's like a baby sister to me. I know I can't make her do anything she doesn't want to, but it sucks to see her go down this path," Sookie confessed, laying it all on the line.

I stopped walking, suddenly, shocked as the words left her mouth. I never knew she felt that way. All she had to do was tell me. Surely, I would've understood her reasoning.

"You could've just told me how you were feeling, Sookie," I finally spoke, after a while, startling her.

She got to her feet rather quickly. "Don't sneak up on me like that, Selena!" she scolded.

"Sorry," I apologized. "Why haven't you ever told me this face to face?"

"What's the point? You'd go and do whatever you wanted to anyways."

I nodded. "Yeah, you're right," I agreed. "But, you still could've told me instead of carrying the weight of it on your shoulders until now."

She shook her head, "You know me better than that, Selena! I'll carry the weight on my shoulders long before I ever give the weight to someone else."

"You really shouldn't do that to yourself, Sookie. It's not good for you at all. You could die after carrying it for a long time."

"I have vampire blood on a mostly daily basis, Selena. I'm stronger than I use to be."

"Vampire blood may make you strong, but it can't help someone who dies from a stress related death," I told her, standing there on the cemetary grass. Sacred ground, right?

"Carrying all of that on your shoulders for so long is stressing. If you went to the doctor's and got your blood pressure checked I bet that you'd check in rather high."

"It's possible," Sookie agreed with me.

We stood there silently for a few seconds.

Sookie surprised me when she pulled me into an out of the blue hug and said, "No more secrets."

"What?" I asked, returning the hug.

She pulled away and answered, "As of right now, no more secrets between us."

"Okay, deal."