Alec shoved his hand against the side rail, trying to shift to a more comfortable position. Not that there was any way he could really be comfortable, but he was restless, irritable.

He was bored. That was the real problem. He wanted distraction, wanted escape. He wanted to sleep but he couldn't. He supposed he'd built up a tolerance to the morphine. Plus it was too bright in here. He put his arm over his eyes, in an attempt to block out the light. Didn't work. "James -- could you shut the light off?"

"All right." Alec heard the soft slide of paper against vinyl, and then the scrape of a chair. Then James was standing beside him. He kissed Alec on the forehead. "Good night, then."

"Night?" He looked at James. "You're not -- not leaving, are you?"

"I'll be right next door. Within calling distance. The doors will be open; I'll be able to hear you. I can be here in five seconds if you need me."

"But why do you have to go?"

"I was reading."

What -- he didn't have a table lamp? "Stay. Please. I don't think I can sleep anyway."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes." And damn James for forcing that choice. For putting him in this position in the first place. "Please stay."

"All right. Anything you want."

Anything? He wished he could believe that. Wished he knew what to ask for, so he could test the theory.

He wished he knew what he wanted.

Frustrated, he pounded his fist against the rail of the bed. His head ached, a dull, pounding throb. Why the hell wasn't the morphine helping? He rubbed ineffectually at his forehead.

"Hey," James said. "You don't look good. Is there anything -- "

"No. Maybe -- I don't know."

"Maybe what?"

"I don't know." Impulsively he said, "I want to get out of here."

"Out where -- to the hall? The other room?"

He hated it when James played obtuse. "Outside. I want some fresh air, a change of scenery."

"You can't."

"What happened to 'anything I want'?"

"It's not safe."

"What do you mean, not safe?"

"They'll be looking for you. They have been looking."

"How? Why?" He pressed his hand against his forehead. "It was Natalya, wasn't it?"

James blinked at him. "N-natalya?"

"She's the only one who knew I was alive."

"I told her you died. Why would she doubt it?"

"Because that's the kind of girl she is. She would want to see the body." He found himself smiling. "She's nobody's fool, James -- certainly not yours."

A flash of anger, in those cold blue eyes. "Believe me, Natalya knows nothing."

"She wouldn't need to know. All she would have to do is suspect. A phone call or two, a word in the right ear, and suddenly, you're as much a traitor as I am."

James's eyes narrowed. "I am not a traitor."

"You've been aiding and abetting a fugitive for the past -- however long it's been since you brought me here." He knew he should just shut up, the look on James's face should be warning enough, but he was tired of the constant, dull ache, the unchanging view of the ceiling, James's insufferable smugness. "I was going to destroy the British economy, going to destroy as much of your beloved England as I possibly could, and here you are, helping me escape justice. I'd hardly call that loyalty."

"One has nothing to do with the other."

"Even you aren't stupid enough to believe that, James." Finally, he was starting to feel alive. The argument was getting his blood pumping, clearing out the cobwebs in his brain. "We can't hide down here forever, and if you're right -- or even if you're not, even if Natalya's not as bright as I think she is, and no one knows I'm alive -- we can't hide down here forever. Sooner or later, you're going to have to face reality. Sooner or later, you're going to have to choose. The friend or the mission, James -- which way will you jump this time?" He bared his teeth at James. "Me, or England -- who will you betray?"

"I am not going to betray anyone, Alec." James's voice shook, with the effort it took to maintain control. Alec knew he was going too far, but this was the first genuine emotion he'd seen since James brought him down here. He couldn't resist pushing, just one step more.

"One way or another, you're going to end up a traitor, James. The only question is -- to whom."

"Damn you, Alec!" James kicked at the bed, sending it rolling across the room. Alec resisted the impulse to grab the side rail, as his view skidded to the side. Vertigo twisted through his stomach, and he squeezed his eyes shut.

"Killing me would certainly solve the problem. And perhaps you could actually manage it this time, with me flat on my back." The bed seemed to have stopped rolling; he risked opening his eyes. "Or perhaps not; even when you have me utterly at your mercy, you still can't seem to -- "

James let out an inarticulate bellow, and slammed his foot against the side of the bed. Harder, this time. Alec braced himself for another sliding roll -- but this time, the bed began to tip. He watched, in slow motion, as it started to go over.

He had time to see every detail; the panicked look on James's face as he grabbed the rail, the slow slide of the room as the bed went over anyway, the cracks in the cement floor as it came flying to meet him, and his own hand out in a desperate attempt to ward it off.

It didn't work. He crashed into the ground, hard. The world exploded into white light and agony.