Title: Trophy Wife Ch. 01



Summary: Son takes a trophy wife, just not is own.




Keywords:inc,fic,erotic,hot




Alex stared at the tent half hidden in the dark; slowly he turned and stared at his mother standing on the lawn beside him.

"What's this" he couldn't help but ask.

"It's a tent silly" his mother laughed.

"I got that mom" Alex turned back to the large cabin tent. ""What's it for?" he asked

"Not what sweetie" his mother stepped to the tent opening. "More who, it's for you" she smiled.

Alex tried to ignore watching his mother move in the dim light in the tight cocktail dress she wore. Her hips were swaying with every step. He stared at his mother confused.

"I don't get it, why for me?" he tried not to stare at the curve of his mothers' ass as she turned, seeing how the snug fabric clung to every curve.

"Honey, you said yourself the house is like Grand Central Station" she said softly. "I know how you value your privacy, and the party tonight is going to go half the night" she looked back at the large house lit up from every window.

Alex looked back as he heard loud laughter drift across the lawn. At least he couldn't hear the music blaring from inside he thought. His mother was right; the last two days had been a strain on his nerves.

His brother Michael was getting married in three days, and tonight was only the first of the events surrounding the 'main event.' God forbid if anyone called his brother Mike, Alex thought. Michael Buchmann was the spitting image of his father.

Michael had graduated class president. Harvard law School and then joining their fathers law firm. He had already won two cases on his own and was a rising star. When Alex had asked about the wedding, he had been shocked at his brothers' response.

"Time to mount my trophy little brother" he had said. Just like his father, he had found the perfect trophy wife and was following The Grand Plan, as it was called in the Buchmann house.

The only problem was Alex didn't fit into that plan. He had always struggled with school, and when he announced he was not going into law, but instead wanted to be an architect, he thought his father was going to shit himself.

Only his mother had stood by him, quietly diverting his father, working her magic, until everything had been smoothed out again. Oh people might call his mother a trophy wife, but Alex knew better. It was his mother who was in charge, but it seemed only he saw it. Just like this tent, she always seemed to find a solution just in the nick of time.

"Thanks mom" he said softly.

"Well come take a look" his mother smiled in the half light.

She bent and unzipped the flap on the tent. Alex could only stare as her tight dress now stretched over the globes of her ass. God her ass, he thought, as just the sight started a stirring in his groin.

Alex bent down and followed his mother into the tent just as he looked up his mother turned to face him. Still half bent forward from the low ceiling, the pose let her breasts hang down in her low front dress. Alex felt a rush of blood head straight south to his cock, as he stared down the top of his mothers' dress. Her expanse of cleavage was on full display to him.

After a moment, he felt a finger under his chin, slowly raising his head and eyes, until he met his mothers' gaze.

"My eyes are up here baby" she whispered with a sparkle in her eyes.

"Sorry mom" Alex felt his face flush with shame, he had been caught staring at her.

"Sorry for what?" his mother laughed lightly. "For staring at your mothers' tits?"

"Jesus mom" Alex gasped.

"Baby, you've stared at them before" his mother smiled. "I didn't say I minded I just wanted to talk for a moment. I can't stay long you know that."

"Yeah, I know" Alex gave a resigned sigh. "Have to be the trophy for the party right mom."

Grace Buchmann sighed, she knew how hard things had been for her youngest. Sometimes he just didn't fit the Buchmann 'mold'. She had met her husband at university in her second year. Twenty years old and two years into her commercial design degree when the dashing young Buchmann had swept her off her feet.

By the time she turned twenty-one, she was married. Their first child was born at twenty-two and their second not more than a year later. It had seemed whirlwind to her then.

Now, Grace knew better. Everything had been planned, scheduled by that dashing young man. Married with the standard two children he had entered his fathers' law practice by twenty-five. Now, at forty-seven the trophy wife and mother was watching her eldest follow the same path as his father.

But Alex was somehow different, more like her side of the family. It had been a terrible disappointment to Richard when Alex had decided against the family law practice. Richard Michael Buchmann was if anything a traditionalist.

One of those family traditions was the acquisition of the 'trophy wife'. Her mother-in-law was one, and it had taken only three years of their married life to know she was one.

At barely five foot six inches, Grace Buchmann could turn any head in a room, even now at almost fifty years old. Age had done little to her 36D breasts, they still stood proud and full in her tight cocktail dress. She knew her best was the curves of her ass when she bent slightly forward, an art she had perfected over the years. The fact it took hours a week in the gym to keep that ass, was something very few knew.

"Your father has a lot of important clients Alex" she softly replied. "As his wife I have a role to play. It helps his career, which pays our bills."

"Career, there is a lot of other things more important than a career" Alex grumbled.

Grace stepped closer to her son; she could feel the heat emanating from his body along with the tension that ran through him. Her hand rested on his broad chest, and she could feel his muscles ripple through his shirt.

Get a grip girl, she whispered to herself. This is your son for God's sake.

"Alex...look at me" Grace told her son. She waited until they locked eyes in the dim light of the tent.

"In this tent, it's just us, you and me. For once in your life, pull your big boy pants up and just say what's on your mind." She told him.

Grace stared into her sons' eyes, her eyes widening as she saw the light in his eyes growing. A light she had not seen in the eyes of a man in many years. It was a hunger, a mixture of lust and love that shone out of him.

"He doesn't deserve you" Alex grated. "He's got the most beautiful, sexiest, loving wife; and he's in there with some fake titted bimbo on his lap with a drink in his hand." He rushed out.

Grace stood stunned as the words poured out of Alex like a tidal wave. He had to have been keeping this inside for years, she realized.

"He's not only an arrogant pompous ass, just like his oldest son" Alex pushed on. "He's also a fool" he spat. "If you were my wife, I would....." Suddenly, realizing what he was saying, Alex stopped himself.

"Say it Alex" Grace whispered in a hushed voice. "Finish what you were saying. You would...what?" she stared into his eyes, her heart pounding.

"Don't ask mom" Alex choked out.

Grace's fingers curled inward, her nails digging into her son's strong pectorals. She took a deep breath, smelling the fresh cut grass, and that scent, the scent of a MAN.

"What's said in this tent stays in this tent, understood." Grace told her son. "Now finish what you were saying." She waited for his response.

"If you were my wife, I wouldn't have you hanging on my arm like some trinket." Alex stared back at his mother. She could hear the growing husk in his voice. "Oh you'd be my trophy wife, have no doubt. But I'd be mounting my trophy every damn chance I could."

Grace was beyond stunned at her sons' words. But there was more, something defined in that moment. Gone was the pretense of the child, before her stood a primal man; confident, strong, who knew what he wanted and wasn't afraid to say it. She felt the almost animal magnetism emanate from her son, sending a jolt through her body, her nipples stretching against the fabric of her dress, while a warm wetness grew between her legs.

Alex could only stare into his mothers' eyes, watching her face, as a flush began to cover her cheeks. Was she angry? Had he just overstepped the boundary he wondered.

"You're jealous." Grace whispered softly, the realization hitting home. "I'm your mother, you do realize" she could barely husk back.

Before she could even react, Alex leaned forward and pressed his lips to hers. This was no mother son kiss. She felt raw passion rip through her as his mouth almost devoured her. By the time they separated, Grace was almost gasping for air, she felt the rampant hardness pressed against her belly, her breasts crushed against his broad chest.

She had melted into the kiss, reveling in the sheer desire a man was expressing for her. That it was her son had evaporated from her mind.

"Be careful mister" Grace reached up and traced a nail along his cheek. "You're playing with fire."

"Then I hope I burn alive" Alex said gruffly.

Grace felt the closeness of the tent close in. Her son standing only inches from her, his chest rising and falling. The huge bulge more than evident in his tight jeans. While she felt that long forgotten wetness seep down her inner thighs.

"I have to get back to the party." She whispered.

Turning, she stepped to the tent flap, and then bent to grip the small zipper. Looking over her shoulder, she watched Alex, his eyes glued to the curve of her ass.

"You really would, wouldn't you?" she breathed out.

At first, Alex didn't understand his mothers' comment. Then, staring at her, it hit him.

"In a heartbeat mom" Alex's deep voice filled her ears.

Without a reply to his frank honestly, Grace stepped out of the tent and into the cool night air. Hurrying across the lawn and through the patio door, she was worried she had been gone to long and that Richard would be upset.

Finding her husband among all the guests was rather easier than she thought. True to her sons' words, Richard Buchmann was sitting on a couch, one hand holding a glass of Champaign. The other resting on the hip of what had to be a twenty year old girl with the biggest fake tits Grace had ever seen.

Alex knew his father well, she realized. She stood silently, comparing the two men. While the older used power and money to draw, it was actually Alex who held more. His sheer confidence in himself and that barely concealed animal magnetism that would strip away any opposition.

Grace shuddered as she realized just how close she had come to surrendering to that magnetism. Son or not, the idea of Alex bending her over and mounting her sent a tremor through her belly.

For the next two hours, Grace drifted among the guests, largely ignoring her husband. The dutiful hostess, she greeted everyone with elegance and style. By eleven o'clock she had made all the rounds, and needed to get away. Stepping onto the patio, she wrapped her arms around herself against the cool night air. Her eyes straining into the darkness to try and see the tent where her son was.

What Grace didn't know, was that her son was only a few feet behind her, standing by the doorway to the patio, watching her. Alex had made his appearance at the party, he knew it was required or his father would be angry. He had made a point for his brother and his father to see him. Then figuring on slipping back to the tent, he had seen his mother step outside.

Just watching her, he could feel his cock thicken. God he wanted her, and bad. His mother had shocked him when she had accepted the kiss earlier. Instead of being angry or insulted, she had instead made some reference to a fire.

A thought suddenly clicked in his mind. As one of the servers passed by, he stopped the young man and asked for a match. When the server pulled a small book of matches from his jacket pocket, Alex reached into his own.

"How would you like to make ten bucks, easy money?" he asked the young man.

"Is it illegal?" the teenager half whined.

"Nope, nothing illegal" Alex said. He quickly scribbled inside the matchbook cover, and then shut it again. "Just take that match book to the lady standing there, and give it to her."

"Whatcha want me to tell her" the kid asked.

"Nothing" Alex smiled. "She'll know. Just hand it to her and a quick ten spot."

As the young server took the matchbook, Alex slipped off the patio and headed for the tent hidden in the darkness.

Grace was surprised when the young server approached her, she hadn't asked for a drink. When the young man silently handed her the match book and then left, she was confused.

Opening the small book, Grace was surprised to see the scrawl inside. She turned so the light from the patio door could let her read.

Light my fire were the only three words. Her head snapped up and she looked back across the dark lawn. You wouldn't dare, she thought.

Alex waited nervously in the tent. It had been a bold move on his part, but did it pay off. Just as he was about to call it a night and head for bed, he heard the zipper on the front flap raising. He watched as the dark form of his mother slid through the door, followed by the sound of the zipper being returned.

The pair stood in the darkness, only able to see shape but not bodies. Alex tried to find the right words, but his tongue didn't seem to want to work. It was his mother who spoke first.



"Do you know what you're doing?" Grace asked softly.

"I know exactly what I'm doing" Alex husked back.

He pulled his shirt over his head and dropped it beside the air mattress. The pale light coming through the tent walls reflected off his now bare chest.

"Do you know what you're doing?" he asked back.

Alex heard the sound of a zipper again, this time he watched the form of his mother shimmy until her dress fell to the tent floor at her feet. For a second he wondered if she was wearing a bra, he hadn't bothered to check before when he kept staring at her tight ass.

"No" his mothers' soft voice came back. "But right now, I don't give a damn."

Alex stepped towards his mother; he outstretched hands coming in contact with her soft flesh just above her hips. Slowly he ran his hands up her sides, stunned when his palms were suddenly filled with the soft globes of her bare breasts. No bra, he breathed silently. His thumbs flicked lightly over the rock hard nipples that capped his mothers' breasts.

"Oh Goddddddddd" Grace hissed as a shudder went through her body.

Alex felt rather than saw when his mother arched her back slightly, pushing her full breasts into his hands.

"So long..." he whispered in the dark. "God I wish I could see you." He moaned. His hands gently kneading her soft tit flesh.

"We're here now" Grace moaned. "Make the best of it baby, explore every inch of your mother. Tell me how long you've wanted this."

Grace felt her son pull her closer to him. The heat from his bare chest radiating across her own skin. Her arms came up in the darkness, hands gripping his strong biceps.

"Oh Jesus" Grace groaned, as she felt Alex leaving soft moist kisses along her skin.

"So long" he mumbled, kissing along her neck. "Since I knew what sex was." His lips trailed over her shoulder. "Years...I've wanted you for years." He moaned as his lips descended downward.

Grace shuddered as she felt his hot breath blow across one nipple. Her entire mind blanked as her lust grew. No longer mother and son, now they were simply man and woman, and they were about to mate she realized.

"Alexxxxxxxxxxxxxx" Grace moaned deep in her throat, as she felt his hot lips wrap around her aching nipple. "God yes, suck my nipple baby. Nurse on mommas' tits."

Grace felt like her body was on fire as Alex suckled first one and then the other breast. Her hands cupped the back of his head, holding his mouth against her tingling skin. She gasped as she felt his hand slide down over her flexing belly...lower...closer to her over heated core.

"Touch me...please" she begged her son. "I need...Unnghhhhh" she groaned as Alex slid his hand inside her thongs, his fingers dragging along her swollen soaked lips.

Grace grunted as one thick finger slid up inside her clutching pussy. Her hips began rocking as her son began slowly finger fucking her hot pussy.

"Yes...yes..." she moaned. "Oh fuck...Alex..." she gasped as her son created intense pleasure in the pit of her belly.

Grace could already feel the knot building deep in her gut. She could not remember ever being this turned on, this alive, in her almost fifty years.

"Don't stop...Oh God" Grace moaned, as her hips moved in time to her sons' probing finger. "I'm going to cum baby, you're going to make mommy cum." She hissed.

Suddenly, as if her words set something off in Alex, she felt his finger pull free of her spasming walls. Before she could react or even speak, he had dropped to his knees in the dark before her, dragging her thong down to her knees in one motion...

"What are you...?" She tried to groan. "Oh SHITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT" Grace wailed as she felt her son wrap his hot lips around her empty pussy.

Grace threw her head back while her hips thrust forward. Her hands were still at the back of his head from before and now she pulled tightly, mashing his face into her wet box.

"Oh my Godddd...oh yes baby EAT ME" Grace babbled as her son feasted on her.

Giving oral sex was something her husband constantly refused, claiming it was demeaning for a real man to perform a "lez act". Now she stood in a dark tent in her own backyard, her husband half-drunk with some floozie; while her adoring and beautiful son did what his father wouldn't.

"Mmmmmmmmmm" Alex moaned as his tongue was coated with his mothers' pulsing cream. He felt her body literally vibrate as she ascended to her climax. He had every intention of giving her so much pleasure, she would beg for more.

The sound of wet slurping filled the tent as Grace felt his tongue drive in and out of her soaked lips. Her juices gushing out to coat his face, she wished now she could look down and watch the hot scene at her feet.

"Oh Alexxxx" the mother moaned as her body surrendered to the raw pleasure.

One hand gripped her ass cheek, pulling her body tightly against his hot mouth, while the other hand kneaded her swaying breast. Pleasure coursed through her body from two different directions as Grace tumbled towards her orgasm.

"Oh God...yes...oh fuck I'm going to cum" Grace moaned. Her orgasm barreled down on her like a freight train, until it slammed into the pit of her belly.

"AHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG" Grace wailed as she felt her belly tighten then whip back. As sparks ignited in front of her eyes in the dark tent, she felt her juices erupt out to coat the face of this darling man kneeling in front of her.

"Cummmmminnngggggg" she moaned. "Soooo goooodddddddd" she shuddered through each wave.

Just as he felt his mother convulse through her first wave, Alex opened his mouth and clamped his lips over her sensitive clit, pulling it into his sucking mouth.

Grace couldn't even speak as a second explosion rocketed through her, right on the heels of the first. God what he was doing to her body, she wanted to scream. Only whimpers and gurgling came out of her mouth as Alex brought her to new heights of pleasure.

Finally, her body felt like it was a single raw nerve, as she felt her knees threaten to buckle under her. "Enough, oh God no more" she begged.

Alex was caught off guard when his mother violently shoved against his shoulders, pushing him back until he fell on his back on the sleeping bag covering his little air mattress. He felt his mother's hands rapidly slide down his bare chest to the edge of his jeans. He could feel her fingers frantically almost tearing at his jeans to get them open.

"Get them off" Grace hissed in the dark. Alex lifted his hips to help as she tugged his jeans down.

His eyes tried to penetrate the dark of the tent as his mother climbed up his body until she hovered over him, her breath hot on his neck.

"You like eating your mothers' cunt you little pervert" Grace hissed down at her son.

"God yes" Alex moaned. He felt her small hand slide between their bodies, taking his turgid cock in her grip.

This same woman, who glided through his fathers' parties with grace and elegance, was like a woman possessed, and it was driving him insane to see this new side of his mother.

"You want to take your father's trophy" her voice filled his ear. "Think you have what it takes?" she asked.

"I don't think...I know" Alex said the first thing that came to his inflamed mind. God how he wanted this woman he thought, the emotion driving him to say things he otherwise would never dare.

"Prove it baby" Grace muttered. Without warning, his mother dropped her weight down onto him, as she tried to sink every inch of his cock sank straight up into her tight wet hole.

"Big...fuck you're big" Grace grunted. She was only half way down his shaft and already felt stretched full. Wantonly, she wiggled her hips, forcing her body down further.

"Jesus mom you're tight" Alex gasped as it felt like a hot vise gripped his cock

"You're in waters that haven't been sailed in quite a while baby" Grace dug her nails into her sons' chest beneath her. "And that isn't exactly a dingy you have" she grunted as she drove herself further down, almost three quarters of his cock now buried up inside her. "More like a fucking freighter" she gasped.

By the time Grace had managed to work the rest of his raging hard cock up into her dripping pussy, both of them were panting and they were covered in sheen of sweat.

"Oh My God" Grace moaned, as her walls vibrated around the thick shaft filling her.

Alex reached down in the dark, cupping his mother's ass cheeks in his hand. He began to raise and lower her shaking body up and down his cock, hearing the wet sucking sounds as his cock slid in and out. Just as her body was lowering, he drove his hips up off the air mattress, impaling her on him

"NNNNggggggggggggaahhhhhhhhhhhhh" Grace wailed as she felt his engorged head press against the spongy surface of her cervix. Her eyes rolled back as a convulsion tore through her body.

Alex felt a splash of warm fluids on his groin as his mother trembled through her orgasm. He repeated the motion a second and then a third time

"That's it mom, cum on your sons' cock" he encouraged her.

"My son...my son..." Grace gurgled.

Grace could not remember the last time she had been made love to like this. Richard, with his perfunctory in and out, unload and then roll off was the standard for her entire adult life. She vaguely remembered sex like this before her married life.

"Fuck me...oh God yes fuck me..." she moaned as a second orgasm began rolling through her belly.

Grace gave a squeal in the dark as Alex rolled her onto her back on the sleeping bag, their bodies tangling in the tight confines of the tent. As her son settled his weight on top of her, pinning her down to the small air mattress; she raised her legs and wrapped them around his waist. Her ankles locked at his low back, holding him inside her trembling body, while her heels drummed his taut ass with each stroke.

For Alex it was a shock to see this woman, who had spent most of his life a cultured elegant woman, letting her own desires take control. His hips picked up speed as he began to pound down into her dipping pussy. He could hear the squelch of his cock driving hard deep into her, the sounds and smell of their sex filling the tent.

Grace could feel her hot juices dripping down the crack of her ass to soak the sleeping bag under her. Her breasts were mashed against his powerful chest each time he dropped down, grinding his pelvis into her sensitive slit.

She had long forgotten the pleasure of raw sex. Now, as this man above her used her; her body shuddered from one orgasm to another. Her fevered mind snapped and she knew what she wanted, son or not the craving ignited deep in her cunt.

"Please...Oh God cumming againnnnn" Grace moaned wantonly. "Oh God...need...please..." she babbled softly in the dark.

Alex wished he could see her face, her eyes, as he fucked his mother with every ounce of strength he had. His hips began slapping down into her convulsing body while her nails dug into his shoulders.

"What do you want mom" Alex hissed in her ear. "Say it mother" he pushed harder down into her.

"Cum...seed...spunk..." Grace babbled. "Fill me baby...pleaseeeee"

"Whose cum, say it mom" Alex whispered.

"No...can't..." Grace's mind tried to fight but when Alex raised up on his powerful arms, leveraging his cock into her harder and deeper, her walls began to tighten with a huge orgasm. She felt that delicious bolt rocket through her belly as the engorged head of his cock rubbed against the soft spot along her walls.

"Say it mom" Alex grated. "Or I'll pull this dick out of you right now"

"Noooooooooo" Grace moaned, the thought he would stop shredding her last resistance.

Gripping his shoulders tighter, she raised her head and pressed her lips to his ear, her hot breath against his skin. Alex was stunned at the filth that poured out of his mothers' lips.

"Don't stop, don't ever stop my beautiful, wonderful mother fucker" his mothers' voice dripped with lust. "Fill your mother with your jizz baby" she told him. "I want every fucking drop of that incest cum deep in my cunt until your balls are dry" she hissed.

His prim and proper mother devolving into a slut was driving Alex closer to the edge and he could feel his balls tightening as they slapped his mothers' ass. His only regret was it was so dark inside the tent and he would have loved to stare into her eyes while he unloaded into her.

"Fuck, I'm going to cum" Alex groaned. "Going to cum in you mommy" he almost whined.

"That's it baby, cream your mother" Grace hissed.

She reached between their pummeling bodies, her hand finding his swinging nut sack in the darkness. She began rolling his sensitive balls in the palm of her hand.

"Oh God mommmm" Alex moaned, his body surrendering to the pleasure.

Graces' eyes grew wide in the dark as she felt her sons' already thick cock swelling even more, stretching her more than she ever imagined handling.

"Aaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Alex let out a long cry as his body seemed to vibrate.

Grace felt his cock jerk deep inside her belly, then the heat of his warm semen, as it spewed out to coat her walls.

"Feel it...oh God Yessss" Grace moaned in wonder.

"Cummmingggg in youuuuuuuuuuu" Alex wailed, even as his cock jerked a second time, sending another thick rope of his hot cum deep inside her.

Grace convulsed under her son as the second then third wave of heat filling her belly set off an explosion inside her. Joining her son in pleasure, she barely registered her own juices spraying out to cover his lower body. Whimpering and mewling as she reveled in their joint climax. This she realized was being properly fucked; and by a man who craved her body as much as she now craved his.

By the time his balls ejected the last of his seed, Alex could feel a warm ache settle into his groin. He couldn't remember ever having cum that hard before in his life. He eased his body down onto his mother, then slowly slid to the side to lie beside her on the sweat and cum soaked sleeping bag.

"Holy fuck" the young man muttered in the dark.

Grace heard the wet sucking sound as her son's cock slid from her drenched pussy, followed by the sensation of a thick glob of his cream oozing out to run down the crack of her ass.

Slowly sitting up and reaching for her discarded dress she looked over at the shadow of her son, she could hear his heavy breathing in the still night.

"I need to get back" she whispered softly.

""Mom, are you OK?" Alex asked in a hesitant voice. Now that the act was done, doubt and fear had crept over him. He worried that his mother would regret what had just happened.

"OK?" he heard a small laugh in the dark. He watched her shadow as she pulled her tight cocktail dress back into place.

"Alex, I warned you, if you start this you were lighting a fire," his mother's soft voice filled the tent. "I just had the best sex of my life baby" she said. "Which I fully intend on repeating, so don't even THINK otherwise, got that mister."

"Good, because I don't think I could keep my hands off that hot body ever again." Alex smiled, his teeth flashing in the dark.

As he watched his mother straighten her hair and smooth her dress, a thought that had nagged at him came to the surface. Just as she stepped to the flap of the tent, he cleared his throat.

"Ummm...mom" he said hesitantly. "I just...came in you" he said quietly. "Could you get...Uhhh...you know..."

"You mean pregnant?" Grace finished for him. "You didn't seem to worried about it when you were filling me with your hot baby seed"

Alex thought for a moment. "No I wasn't, and honestly it still doesn't. I just wondered."

Grace was a little stunned by her son's words. The fact that he could have impregnated her didn't seem to bother him a bit. She slowly unzipped the tent flap and then stared at her sons' shadow.

"Well, put your mind at ease baby" she said. "Mommy is on the pill so no worries there...tonight."

"Would you go off them...for me?" Alex asked in a voice barely audible.

Grace froze in mid motion of stepping outside the tent. Her body shuddered at the thought of what his words meant. Like standing on the patio holding the matchbook, she faced a decision and like then, it wasn't logic or what was proper that drove her thoughts, it was pure primal response.

"Yes, I would" his mother's voice spoke softly from outside the tent.

As he lay there stunned, Alex listened as his mothers' footsteps headed back to the house and the party. Exhausted, he slipped inside the sleeping bag, the scent of their lovemaking filling his nostrils as he drifted off to sleep.

The growing light of morning roused Alex from his sleep. His dreams had been image after image of his mother. Bent over the beck of the couch, stretched out on her marital bed; so many others had floated through the young man's sleep fevered mind. In everyone, Alex had seen himself pleasuring his mother again and again in ways she would never know with the "husband" she stood beside.

As he walked into the kitchen he found his mother sipping from her coffee, already dressed for the day.

"Morning sleepy head" Grace's voice sounded amused. "Was someone a little tired last night?" She smiled.

Alex was startled at his mothers' blatant side reference to their passion from last night... Two can play at this game, he thought.

"A little" he stared at his mother. "I had a hard ride last night and it kind of wore me out a bit."

"I hope my man isn't too worn out" Grace chuckled. Sliding from her chair she walked across the kitchen to stand in front of her son. Her eyes were drifting down his chiseled body to that evident bulge in his jeans.

"I might need him to take another hard ride with me today" she whispered softly.

"Anytime mom" Alex stared back into his mothers' eyes. "Tell me where the fire is and I'll put it out for you." His voice was husky with desire.

"Mmmmmmm" Grace hummed. "Believe me you hosed the fire well last night" her own voice dripped with lust.

Reaching into the pocket of her skirt, she pulled out a small crumpled cloth and slipped it into her sons' hand.

"See" Grace rasped.

Alex looked down and realized his was holding his mothers' thong from last night. While parts of it were dried with her own juices, parts were still soaked, probably from the hot load of cum that had seeped out of her.

Raising his head he saw the smile on his mothers' face. She was teasing the hell out of him, and loving every second of it. She's a fucking minx Alex thought.

"Your father and brother are running to town a little later" Grace told her son. "They are making the last minute arrangements for tonight's get together."

Alex almost groaned. Last night had been the public party. All of his father's work connections, clients and partners had been there. It had been as much a business meeting as a party for his brothers' wedding. The usual Buchmann party to show off to everyone, Alex knew.

Tonight was Michaels' bachelor party. There would be a dozen or more men drunk and raucous in the house tonight. His father Richard had announced he planned to 'work late" to give his eldest son his "space". Alex knew it was nothing but a veiled excuse to be in some ritzy hotel banging one of his secretaries.

"Why don't you stay here darling" his mothers' voice brought him back to the kitchen. "I could use your help with a few chores around the house" her voice was deep and husky. "You don't mind being your old mommy's house boy do you" she asked with a tease in her voice.

"I didn't think so" his mother husked, as her finger trailed down his chest, ending just at the clasp to his jeans. She could see the now swollen thickness pressing at the front of his jeans.

Mutely Alex stood and watched as his mother turned at started walking from the kitchen. Nothing he had ever dreamed of had prepared him for how wanton his mother really was.

Just as she reached the doorway to the dining room, Grace turned and looked back at her son. "Oh and sweetheart" she said softly.

Alex looked up at his mother, tearing his eyes off her swinging ass and swinging breasts he knew were unfettered in her blouse.

"Mommy seems to have forgotten to take her medicine this morning" Grace stared at her son. "You don't mind do you?" she asked softly.

"Not in the least" Alex never broke his gaze from his mother.

Grace shuddered as she now knew Alex had meant every word last night. She had hinted she had gone off her birth control pills to him, and his unquestioned reaction had sent a bolt through her.

Grace knew she couldn't get pregnant so quickly after stopping. But the mere idea that Alex was aware and wanted her that way, sent an almost flood of hot juices into the gusset of the thong she now wore.

"Mom" Alex's voice stopped her. She looked up and saw raw determination in her sons' face. "Once they leave this house, get rid of the panties. I don't want anything in my way, you belong to me now and when I want you...I WANT you. Understood?" his voice was deeper, almost commanding.

"Yes dear" Grace trembled at her own words.

Two hours later Grace was busily moving smaller items from the living room to one of the guest rooms of the large house. While she had not approved of hosting the bachelor party, she had known better than to oppose her husband. Still, the last thing she wanted was something valuable broken by over a dozen drunken oafs banging around her house.

It had taken less than five minutes from when her husband and oldest son had pulled out of the long driveway before she had stripped her soaked thong off and thrown it in the laundry basket. She could feel her juices seep down her thighs in anticipation as her body quivered every time she thought of her son Alex.

Even she had been startled by the growing hunger in her own body, it was all she could do at times to not reach out and grab that hard package when he walked by her. The staid mother had slipped into a state of constant need for her son's hard cock. She had warned Alex he was playing with fire if he started this and even she was surprised at the intensity of the heat between the pair.

As she bent over to retrieve two small figurines from the end table by the couch, she wondered if Alex knew his father and brother hand left yet. Her answer came when she felt a large hand slide under the hem of her skirt from behind and then slide up her slick thigh.

"Ohhhhh Alexxxxxx" Grace moaned at the sudden intrusion.

"Fuck mom you're soaked" the deep voice of her son filled her ear from behind.

"For you baby" Grace moaned. "Oh God" she could only grunt as two thick fingers drove between her swollen lips.

"So...damn...tight" Alex's voice hissed in her ear, his fingers started to pump into her wet hole.

"Oh God...oh fuck..." Grace shook and trembled as her son used her body. No child now, this now man was exerting his primal need, and that animal desire was aimed at her.

As Alex maneuvered his mother away from the small table and to the back of the couch, Grace felt him rolling the hem of her skirt up over her hips. Feeling his thick fingers slide from her clutching hole, she had no resistance as her youngest son pressed her back against the back of the couch.

Grace looked down at her son as he slid to his knees in front of her, knowing she was totally exposed from the waist down. Alex was wearing only his loose gym shorts with no shirt, he had come prepared.

Grace could only watch as the muscles of his young chest rippled, when he reached out to grip her hips. Even in the folds of his loose shorts, his hard cock swung free, pressing against the thin fabric.

Last night had been in the darkness of a tent, this time there was no hiding from the light of day. Grace felt self-conscious of every flaw as her son knelt before her.

"Oh baby, I'm sorry..." she started to apologize. From the small pooch of her belly she had never been able to rid herself of, to the extra few pounds she knew still clung to her mature thighs; the nearly fifty year old mother felt her voice fade even as she watched her son.

There was no revulsion on his face, no indifference of his father in his eyes. No, what the trembling mother saw was raw hunger shining in Alex's eyes, while his face displayed a pure animal need...for her.

"You're perfect mom, just shut up." Alex whispered as he gazed at his mother.

Alex was stunned at the sight before him. Not a virgin, he had seen his share of pussy, but seeing his mother now sent blood raging through his already throbbing cock. Her full mature thighs opened wider as his mother shifted her stance against the back of the couch. The well-trimmed landing strip of dark hair was pointing him toward his goal. He felt his mouth water at the sight of her swollen and protruding lips that glistened with her own desire.

It was her clit that surprised him the most. Last night, he had known it was bigger than other women he had gone down on, he had felt it in his mouth. Now, he could only stare in wonder as his mothers' growing excitement caused the hood to slowly pull back, as that throbbing bud came into view.

Grace reached down and held Alex's head between her hands, staring down into his lust filled eyes.

"I love you baby" she whispered.

"This is how much I love you mom" Alex growled.

Then he rammed his face between her thighs. Grace went rigid as she felt his tongue slam into her dripping pussy, piercing through her sodden lips to probe deep inside her.

"Ohhhhh GAWWWDDDDDDDDDD" Grace's scream echoed through the empty house.

Her belly flexed and then exploded in orgasm from the sudden onslaught of her sons' hot mouth. Tangling her fingers in his hair, her hips drove against Alex's face, grinding her tingling pussy into him. The one act that had driven her insane last night, one even her husband refused her; and here was her son kneeling worshipping her cunt with his hungry mouth.

"You like that mom?" Alex muffled voice drifted up to her. "You like your son eating your wet cunt?"

"Like," Grace almost screamed back. Her eyes locked on her sons face. "Oh my God Alexxxxxxx" she wailed.

"Then...try THIS." He told her.

Suddenly Grace felt her engorged clit pulled into his mouth, his teeth nipping at it while he sucked it hard. In a haze she felt her eyes rolling back as stars went off behind her sockets. Her second orgasm began tearing through her ravaged body.

"Oh Jesus....oh fuck" the filth poured from his mothers' mouth as her body convulsed against his face. "Eat me you wonderful motherfucker" Grace moaned. "Eat meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee" her voice climbing as she felt a third orgasm shredding her mind and body.

Alex held her hips tight, pressing her back against the couch. He could feel her knees threaten to buckle as grunting and whimpering came from her lips.

He heard his mother give a guttural moan, and then hot fluids wash over his face. She squirted on me, he realized. I just made my mother SQUIRT, he thought.

In her sex induced haze, Grace dimly felt Alex rise to his feet and turn her shaking body around. Whatever he wanted, she knew she could no longer resist him.

Bending his mother slowly over the back of the couch, Alex stared at her ass as it filled his vision. Her juices glistened on her thighs while the tight ring of her ass seemed to wink at him.

"Time to mount MY trophy" Alex growled.

Graces' eyes flew open as she realized the position she was now in. Before she could utter a word, Alex lined up behind her and drove every inch of his thick cock deep into her waiting hole. She opened her mouth to speak, but all that came out was a soft whimper and drops of her own saliva to run down her chin.

""My sonnnnnn" Grace gurgled as her belly rolled from one orgasm to another, until she lost count of the waves pulsing through her.

"My mother...my trophy whore" her sons' voice filled her ear.

Graces' head snapped up at his words. Never in her life had she been called a whore. Her mind tried to rebel against his words. Turning to say something to her son, her eyes locked on the glazed glass of the china cabinet only feet from them. The image reflected back at her stunned the mature mother.

The image was of a woman bent over the back of a couch with her ass jutting in the air; her tits swaying under her rocking body. While that woman's son hammered a hard thick cock into her willing body from behind.

Grace watched the pair fucking like two animals, realizing her son was right. She might be Richard Buchman's trophy wife; but now she was Alex Buchman's' trophy whore, and she loved every moment of it.

"Fuck me baby" Grace grunted. "Fuck your mother" She could feel his full balls slapping her ass with every stroke.

She looked over her shoulder with a blazing hunger in her eyes. She watched her son gritting his teeth, almost a snarl on his face as he tried to keep from exploding in her tight pussy.

"Come on Alex, fuck me" she hissed. "Cum in your mother and you better do it fast baby, before my fucking husband gets home" she shoved her ass back at his invading cock.

She didn't know how, maybe it was sheer youth, but Alex picked up the pace even more. His body started hammering into her as she hung helpless over the couch.

For Alex it was like everything mounted in his aching balls at the same time. The fact this was his mother he was balls deep in, the fact he was about to cum in his fathers' wife, the fact that his mother not only was fucking back at him but wanted his hot seed in her belly. Especially that for the first time he could not only feel her, but see this hot and sexy woman for the first time.

Throwing his head back, Alex roared his release as his cream exploded from the tip of his cock to spew into his mother.

"FUCK...FUCK...FUUUCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK" Grace listened to her sons' primal roar behind her.

She felt his thick cock expand to what she swore was twice the size, feeling her walls stretched beyond belief. Then, the sheer force of his ejaculation was jetting his hot seed against the walls of her cunt. Her mind blanked as one and then two hot thick ropes pumped into her. She dimly felt a third and fourth rope flooding her as her own body erupted with raw pleasure.

The pair trembled and shook together as the smell of sex hung in the living room air, the sound of their raspy breathing loud in the silence.

Grace felt her sons' now deflating cock sliding from her soaked pussy with an obscene slurp, followed by the sensation of a thick warm glob of his semen oozing down her thigh. Standing on wobbly legs, she reached down and scooped the white cream onto her fingers, staring into her sons' eyes as she licked her hand clean.

Hearing the crunch of gravel under tires, Grace glanced out the living room window to see the family BMW pulling into the driveway. She stepped over and wrapped her fingers around Alex's cum slick cock.

"That was the best damn fucking of my life" she told Alex, her voice hoarse from her recent screaming. "Next time I want it even harder and deeper baby" she said. "Now get your ass upstairs before your father or brother sees you." She handed him his shorts as he stumbled from the room.

Straightening her dress, Grace wasn't sure how, but she had no doubt their next time would be even hotter yet.

The remainder of the day was a whirlwind of activity around the Buchmann house. Grace was putting the final touches to the wedding plans, while the men were setting up for the evening. By eleven that night Grace had retreated to her bedroom while a dozen horny males held their night of total debauchery. For Alex, the noise swiftly became too much and he had to hide. While he ached to be with his mother, Alex was well aware of the risks tonight; instead curbing his hunger waiting for a better day.

The next day did not present any better opportunities as the house prepared for the wedding. The caterer's arrived by ten and began setting up tents and chairs on the back lawn, while Grace buzzed around the house directing traffic. Alex admired his mother as she worked, not only was she stunning just to look at, but it was more than evident who was the real power in the Buchmann house.

Just before lunch Alex was hanging garlands around the stairwell rails when the front doorbell rang. Surprised he looked at the clock. The wedding wasn't until four that afternoon, and guests weren't scheduled to arrive for another two hours.

Hesitantly, he opened the front door and was startled to find his grandmother Madeline standing on the front porch.

"Grandmother, you're early." Alex stumbled out.

His grandmother could only be defined as the Matriarch of the Buchmann family, and as such had always been an intimidating figure to Alex. The older woman simply stared quietly at him, arching one eyebrow.

"Forgive me" Alex hastily backed up. "Please, come in."

"Thank you dear" Madeline Buchmann said as she stepped into the foyer. "And I am never early my dear" she said softly. "Nor am I ever late. I know exactly when to arrive."

"Yes Grandmother" Alex breathed out.

"Now, be a dear and fetch your mother." The older woman instructed.

Grace hurried after her son, hearing her mother-in-law had suddenly arrived. Entering the foyer, she glanced at Alex as she approached Madeline.

"Mother Madeline" Grace gently embraced the older woman, kissing her cheek. "To what do we owe for this early arrival?" she asked.

Madeline stared at her daughter-in-law for a moment, and then nodded her head. "Yes" she said softly. "I think it's time we had a talk my dear."

"Now" Grace asked. "The wedding..." she started to say.

"My dear, knowing you, every detail has been worked through three times already." Madeline chuckled softly. "The rest can handle itself I am sure, this is rather important."

Grace knew better than to argue, Madeline Buchmann was one woman who was very used to getting her way.

"Shall we go to the sitting room then?" Grace started to lead the way.

"I would prefer somewhere more private" Madeline stopped. "Perhaps the back garden?" she smiled.

"Of course" Grace turned to lead the pair through the dining room to the back yard.

Whatever her mother-in-law had to say, it apparently demanded total privacy. No one came around the back garden except those who knew it was there.

As the pair started to walk to the patio door, Madeline stopped and turned to her grandson. "Young man" she said to Alex. "You will accompany us."

Grace hid her surprise as she led the way out the doors, slowly crossing the expansive yard. The trio passed the small tent she had placed for Alex, Madeline stopping to gaze for a moment, then following with a small smile on her face.

Stepping past the hedges into the small garden at the far back of the yard, Grace gestured to a bench for her mother-in-law. Madeline sat in the center of the one bench, forcing Alex and Grace to sit side by side on the only other bench.

Grace sat silent while Madeline studied the pair. She was shocked when the older woman reached forward and took her hand.

"Congratulations my dear" there was more warmth in the older woman's voice than Grace could ever remember. "You finally woke up."

"I don't understand..." Grace was stunned.

"Oh come on my dear" Madeline actually laughed. "That 'I've just had the shit fucked out me glow is all over you Grace." She said softly.

Grace opened her mouth to speak, but no words could come out. Alex sat in awe as he watched his grandmother literally transform into a different woman here in the small garden.

"I always thought it would be a pool boy, or perhaps the son of some client you met randomly." Madeline continued. "I should have known better" she turned and looked at Alex.

"Do you love her?" Madeline asked her grandson softly.

Alex knew something had happened here, he didn't know what. It seemed pointless to argue with his grandmother, and he didn't have the heart to lie to her. He stared back into the older woman's face.

"With all my heart" his voice was strong with his commitment.

Grace felt like she was going to burst. First the shock that Madeline somehow knew about her and Alex, and then her son brazenly proclaiming his love for her.

"How hard does he make you cum Grace?" Madeline asked as a small wicked smile spread across her lips.

"Oh my God" Grace could only shudder at the memory of Alex taking her body bent over the couch.

"It sounds like you do a good job stud." Madeline looked at her grandson.

Alex could only stare open mouthed at his grandmother. It was like he was meeting her for the first time in his life. Madeline leaned forward, her voice a conspiratorial whisper.

"How long since you blew a load in her boy?" she whispered.

"Madeline!" Grace could barely choke out.

"Don't get sanctimonious on me girl" Madeline turned to her daughter-in-law. "I've had more dicks shoved up me than you can dream of and ninety percent of it was NOT Richards' father."

"Oh My God" Grace whispered.

"Answer the question young man." Madeline turned back to her grandson.

"Two days ago" Alex said. Both women could hear the frustration in his voice.

"I wondered why you were both so damn jittery" Madeline scoffed. "Stand up" she told her grandson.

Alex did as he was told, standing facing his grandmother as his mother sat beside him speechless.

"Drop the pants Alex" Madeline commanded her grandson.

"But...I'm..." Alex stuttered out.

"You're rock hard aren't you" Madeline's voice husked. "That's why you're doing this."

Madeline turned to Grace. "Your turn, stand up my darling daughter-in-law, off with the panties my dear."

While she was speaking Alex had undone his jeans and dropped them at his feet, slowly returning to his seat on the bench. Madeline turned back to him.

"Jesus Christ" she whispered, staring at her grandson. His face flushed with embarrassment.

"How big are you" Madeline's voice was hushed.

"Ummm almost nine inches" Alex mumbled.

"God girl; doesn't that thing hurt?" she asked Grace.

"It did...at first" Grace smiled for the first time.

"Sit on it" Madeline told her.

"Now...here" Grace was shocked.

"I need to talk to both of you" Madeline said in an exasperated voice. "And quite frankly, you need a good fucking. This way we kill both birds."

Grace stared at this strange woman sitting quietly across from her, as she backed slowly up to her son. Her legs straddled his as she positioned herself over his raging hard cock. She felt his hands lightly guiding her hips down as she reached down to position the engorged head at her sodden lips.

"Oh fuckkkkk" Grace softly moaned as she eased down onto her son.

"Missed that didn't you" she heard her mother-in-law say softly.

"God yessssssssssss" Grace could only moan back.

"Fuck her Alex" Madeline told her grandson. "Fuck her like she needs boy."

The soft sounds of sucking filled the air of the small garden as Grace slowly rode up and down her sons' thick pole. She couldn't believe she was fucking her son in front of her mother-in-law.

"Now, talk time" Madeline folded her hands in her lap. "Alex, your mother is a trophy wife, understand." Alex mutely nodded his head.

"That means a few things, things you need to understand" the older woman continued. "Nothing comes before this house and family, and I mean nothing." She stared at her grandson's face over the shoulder of his mother. "As you've seen these last two days, your mother has a role to play, not her, not you, not sex will interfere with that role. Do you understand?"

"Yes" Alex grunted as his mother drove her ass down onto his lap.

"Considering your restraint these last two days, I think you do" Madeline smiled. "Understand also..." she stared at the pair. "She may be your lover, your whore, your slut...whatever you two wish." He voice was steady. "But she will never be your wife, understand."

"Yes" Alex grunted again. "I'm fucking my fathers' wife." He panted.

"Ohhh Goddddd" Grace moaned at the words.

"Good boy" Madeline approved. "She's also a woman, with needs." Madeline watched as Alex's cock slid in and out of Grace, she could feel that familiar weight in her own belly, but ignored it.

"You will never go more than two days without pounding the living shit out of her, do you understand Alex?" she asked.

"Fuck yessssssssss" Alex hissed as his hips lifted upward, driving his cock even deeper into his mother.

"Oh fuck" Grace grunted. "Madeline...going to cum...oh God" she moaned.

"Let it out my dear" Madeline cooed. She watched the younger woman's face contort with pleasure.

"Ohhhhh Alexxxxx" Grace groaned as her body shuddered on his lap. The walls of her cunt rippling as hot cream flowed out to soak her son's cock and balls.

Madeline sat and watched silently as Grace shuddered and moaned through her orgasm. She could see drops of her daughter-in-law's hot cream falling to the pavement stones at her feet.

"Grandma" Alex gasped. He felt his balls tightening as his mothers' walls gripped him in a velvet sheath.

"Unload in her Alex" Madeline told him. "Give your mother all that hot cream."

"What if...Oh Fuck" Alex moaned his balls starting to tingle. "What if I get her...Oh Godddddd" he couldn't finish as a shudder tore through him.

"Pregnant?" Madeline finished for him. "Do you want that Grace?" she stared at her daughter-in-law. "Do you want your son to pump his hot baby seed into your fertile belly?" She pushed hard.

"God yesssss" Graces' eyes glazed over. "Fuck me baby, breed your whore motherrrrrr." She moaned.

"It does happen" Madeline said softly, her eyes distant. "Ask your Uncle Frank."

"Oh my God" Madeline gasped as she stared at her mother-in-law. "You mean you..."

"I and a well hung young man; in fact he dumped three loads into me in one day." Madeline sighed with the memory.

"But how did you..." Grace gasped.

"Oh, I just made sure my husband fucked me that same night when he got home." Madeline waved her hand in dismissal. A smile crept over her face. "In fact, he fucked me in a nice cum soaked pussy and never knew it."

"FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK" Alex roared as he lost control. His body jerked as hot seed spewed out the end of his buried cock, washing his mothers' pussy in his cream.

"Nnngggghhhhh" Grace moaned as she felt her body filled with the heat of her sons' love.

Madeline watched in fascination as the sweat drenched couple in front of her shared their orgasm together. She could smell their sex as it dripped like a faucet onto the pavement at their feet. Her eyes stared with a thinly veiled hunger at Alex's cock covered in white cream still slowly pumping in and out of his mother.

"Beautiful, simply beautiful" the older woman whispered.

Grace lay back against her son as she gasped for air. Her orgasm had been one of the most intense yet. Both from knowing her son was pumping his hot seed into her, but also from the fact that this woman she had always considered unflappable, totally indifferent, had sat and watched the entire act.

Madeline rose and looked at the pair before her. "As I said my dear" she spoke firmly. "You are a Buchmann and that means there is an expected public decorum to be maintained." She waved her hand at them. "What you do in private is solely your business."

"Kindly explain that to your husband my dear" there was steel in the woman's eyes as she spoke. "His recent public displays have been totally inappropriate; you are his better my dear" she looked directly at Grace. "Remind him of his place, and after you do, retire to your sons' bedroom for the night."

Grace and Alex watched in wonder as Madeline strode to the shrubs guarding the entrance to the garden.

"Right now I believe I shall return home. I have this terrible itch that perhaps Jack will simply adore scratching for me" she smiled. "Oh and Alex, do be a good grandson and visit your grandmother from time to time." She looked at her grandson. "With your mothers' approval of course

"Yes Grandmother" Alex choked out.

Madeline locked eyes with Grace. "I am sure I could find something for him to do...around the house."

 

To be continued.....



For Pics visit:---->>> https://bit.ly/2ReHUJI 