You carried his coffee from the kitchen and set it down at his left hand, careful not to let the hot liquid spill. He took a sip and nodded his approval with a smile. Satisfied you sit down on the floor at his side, curl your legs up and rest your head on his knee. His right hand settles lightly on your head and begins to stroke your hair as he drinks. You close your eyes and try to relax, concentrating on the feeling of his fingers moving through your hair, but the tension of the day just won't ease. He can feel it too and his hand stops moving, resting gently on your head.
"I think you need something to help you relax a little." He pauses for another drink while he considers. With your head still on his knee you can't see the smile on his lips. He knows exactly what he's going to do. After a moment he continues, "And I have the perfect solution. Go and wait in your bedroom, I'll be right behind you."
You lift your head from his knee and uncurl your legs before standing slowly. He watches you move as you head through to your bedroom. A few minutes later you hear him enter the room behind you as you lean on the sill looking out of the window. He walks up behind you and you feel his hands rest on your shoulders, his fingers beginning to ease the tension as they gently knead the muscles for minute or so. You lean back to rest against him but he stops you, sliding his hands down your arms and taking hold of your waist. His head drops slightly and he speaks softly, "Close your eyes."
Obediently you close your eyes. His hands leave your waist and a moment later you feel a soft material drop over your closed eyes and his hands fixing the knot to blindfold you. In darkness you stand as his hands return to your shoulders and gently turn you around to face him. You feel his fingers brush against the skin of your arms and stroke down to take hold of your wrists. He leads you forward slowly, just a few steps away from the window and then stops, "That's better. Wait here a second." You can hear him moving around the room briefly but within moments he's back.
He takes your wrists and gently raises your arms above your head then slowly runs his fingers back down your raised arms causing you to squirm a little. His fingers continue down your sides, sliding across your ribs and waist until you feel him take hold of your top and begin to lift it slowly over your head. Once it slips off your arms he lowers them back down, trailing fingers raising a line of goosebumps as they drift softly down your body. His fingers stop at your waist and you can feel him tracing the waistband of your leggings as he slowly begins to peel them down. You feel the cool air on your skin as the material slides slowly down your legs until you can step out of them.
Standing in just your bra and pants you can almost feel his eyes on your body. The thrust of your breasts, the curve of your waist and hips, the lift of your pert ass, you can feel him savouring the sight of you naked as he towers over you. You can sense him moving around as he checks you out, letting the tension rise within your body. Suddenly he stops behind you and his hands return to your shoulders. You feel his fingers begin to gently knead your shoulders for a minute before they begin to slowly ease down your spine. He stops at your bra strap, "It would seem this is in the way now." and a moment later you feel the tension release as his fingers slip the fastening leaving your bra hanging loosely from the straps. He slides them down your arms and you hear your bra hit the floor, and his voice murmurs softly in your ear, "That's better."
His reach around you and you feel his fingers brush lightly across the underside of your tits. Slowly he raises his hand until you feel them wrapping around, teasing the nipples out gently between finger and thumb. Alternating between soft touch and firm squeeze you start to relax a little as you lean back against him. His chin resting gently in your hair his hands continue to caress and tease your body. As you move you can feel your ass rubbing against the bulge in his trousers and almost lazily your hand drops and your fingers reach out for it. Your fingertips just manage to brush lightly against it but he steps backwards and seizes your arms. His head drops to your ear and he whispers softly, "I suggest you keep your wandering hands to yourself, young lady. In fact, I have just the thing." He stoops swiftly and scoops you up into his arms, so unexpectedly you give a little scream. "Shhh. That's not necessary." And he gently lays you down on the bed.
He takes your wrists and quickly binds them together before tying off the rope to the white metal frame of the bed. With your arms above your head you have no choice but to keep them to yourself. This thought is swiftly overtaken by the sensation of a nipple being sucked deep into a hot mouth and your body arches upwards slightly. You can't see the smile in his eyes but his teeth give a little nip to let you know he noticed. The tip of his tongue tickles across your skin as it seeks out the other nipple. In darkness you can only concentrate on the feelings. Fingers stray over your body and you feel them slide beneath the waistband of your pants and continue on in search of your wet pussy. A fingertip brushes lightly across your clit and you can't help but let out a soft moan. The finger moves down and slowly slides inside you and your hips rise to meet it. You can feel it moving slowly inside you and then sliding back out again. He raises the finger that has just been inside you and you feel it brush against your mouth before sliding into your mouth. You can taste your own excitement and you almost lose it when you feel his lips on your ear, "Do you think you're ready?" His finger slips from your mouth and you nod your head, "I'm ready..."
You feel his weight leave the bed and his fingers slowly pulling your pants down to expose your soaking pussy. You lift your ass a little to help and they are soon discarded. His hands run up your legs gently, teasing your ankles, your calves, trailing up your inner thigh agonisingly slowly. You feel his hands firmly pushing your legs apart and you give no resistance. His fingers slide ever closer until they are spreading you open, one fingertip gently circling your clit. You arch your back and feel fingers sliding deep inside you, seeking out the most sensitive spots. Two fingers go to work on your g-spot while another continues to tease your clit, slowly building up the pressure.
Your body is aching for release so you can't help but cry out when the busy fingers suddenly disappear leaving you feeling empty right on the brink of orgasm. His hands take hold of your waist and spins you onto your front, face pressed into the bed and arms still stretched above your head. He slides an arm under your waist and easily lifts your hips as he quickly slides a pillow underneath you, raising your ass into the air. Facedown now you feel his fingers squeezing your ass, spreading the cheeks apart and squeezing them back together, occasionally slipping lower to brush against your dripping pussy.
Without warning you feel something cold land on your skin and fingers spread slick liquid between the cheeks of your ass. You feel a fingertip proving gently but purposefully before it breaks through the resistance and into your tight ass. You can feel it teasing just inside and lift your hips to force it deeper but the finger disappears. Almost immediately you feel another cold drop land right on your asshole, immediately followed by the smooth head of your butt plug. A moments pressure and it slides inside to fill you up. Your soft moan quickly turns louder as you hear the buzz of a vibrator and feel the first touch as it teases your clit. The vibrations spread through you as he slides the very tip gently between your lips and deeper inside you. You can feel the vibrator rubbing against the butt plug, just a thin layer of sensitive nerves separating them. You can feel it deep inside your pussy and your ass.
Time melts as you feel the insistent pressure building again, the combination of the vibrations and the sensation of the toy in your pussy stroking in and out, first slowly, then faster, steadily increasing speed until you are right on the edge. Your fingers clutch handfuls of bedding and your moans are muffled by the bedclothes your face is pressed into. The pace increases slowly but inevitably until your body aches and your mind is spinning. All it will take is one little push and it comes in the form of a single, swift slap on your ass that tips the balance and sends you screaming towards orgasm.
You collapse into the bed as it fades and you hear his voice as he gently begins to untie your wrists,
"See, I told you I had the perfect solution to help you relax..."