I am my Brother’s Slave
by Vanessa Evans

Part 3

We walked to one of George’s mates houses first, the walk was okay except that I had to keep putting the shoulder straps back in place, I was happy that I didn’t need to take a bag with me so I had both hands free.

George’s mate, Will, looked vaguely familiar and I wondered if he was one of the guys who had gang-banged me at the party. He said hello and complemented me on my dress which I didn’t understand because it’s horrible. We’d gone in the back door, to the kitchen and Will quickly thrust beer bottles in each of our hands, me included. I didn’t want to drink but I didn’t want to be impolite so I took it and took just a very small sip. 

That left one hand free to keep my shoulder straps in place.

Then we went into the lounge where there was 3 other guys and Logan introduced me and I had 2 things to think about. Had they gang-banged me and what was I going to do as the first of them stuck his hand out to shake mine again. 

His hand was really shaking mine and the inevitable happened. Fortunately, one arm was stretched out in front of me and the other, holding the bottle, was bent at the elbow and the dress didn’t hit the floor, but it did go down far enough to expose my tits and butt, the bib covering my pussy. 

“That’s quite a dress you’ve got the Ella;” the man said still vigorously shaking me hand.”

I managed to extract my hand and single handed pulled my dress back into place.

“You should wear that dress the other way round Ella.” The second man said as he did the same thing with the same results.

“I don’t think so, I’ve got enough problems with it as it is.” I replied.

“In that case you should just take it off Ella.”

“I’m not doing that.”

“Maybe later then.”


The third man stuck his hand out and after I’d got the shoulder straps back in place I put my hand out hoping that his handshake would be a gentle one.

It wasn’t and the same thing happened.   

By then George had come over and he said,

“Just take it off Ella, it’s okay for girls to be naked around guys. You can put the dress back on just before we leave.”

I looked at George and thought,

“It would make sense, it’s bound to fall off again and I’m sure that I’ll have mega problems with it in the pub and it’s more than likely that all of these guys have seen me naked before. Hell, they’ve all probably fucked me before so it’s not likely that they would see anything that they haven’t seen before.”

So I shook my shoulders and down went the dress. It was still held up by the arm that was holding the beer bottle so I passed that to my other hand and the dress totally hit the floor. Stepping out of it I heard one of the guys say,

“Glad to see that you’ve got rid of the bush Ella.” 

It was just confirmed that at least 1 of the guys was in on the gang-bang.

“So you like being naked with half a dozen guys round you do you Ella? It’s turning you on isn’t it?”

“Yes,” I quietly replied, “how do you know?”

“Well, for starters you nipples look very hard and the other obvious thing is that your standing with your feet apart and I can see your juices on your pussy and inner thighs. On top of that a lot of girls get turned on when they are naked with a bunch of clothed guys especially if they want the guys to fuck her. I bet that your nipples and clit are tingling aren’t they?.”

“Yes.” I quietly replied and I think that I was blushing a little.

“What’s that pink thing that we can see?”

I’d bent the antenna up in front of me and discovered that it would stay there but pushing the front of the dress out which pulled the back of it against my butt.

“It’s a vibrator.” I quietly answered.

“Is it switched on?”

“No.” I quietly answered.

“I’m sure that we can solve that problem, who’s got the control?” 

“George, but it’s not a problem. I like it as it is thank you.”

“Maybe not for you Ella. GEORGE, where’s the control for the vibrator?”

I hadn’t planned on drinking any of that beer but right then I needed a drink so I took a big swig of it then put the bottle on the table.

George obviously thought that it was a good idea for the vibrator to on because he got his phone out and seconds later I gasped as George turned the vibrations up to full and left it like that.

Oh gawd, that thing was both horrible and wonderful. It seemed to be attacking my nerves and sending shock waves to my nipples and my clit. Those three parts of me needed holding but I only have two hands. My left hand grabbed my right tit and squeezed and my right hand pressed on my pussy, one finger going inside me alongside the antenna but that was vibrating as well and my hand was transferring some of the vibrations to my clit which just made things worse, or was it better.

My hands couldn’t stop the vibrations so I tried moving my weight from one leg to the other and back but that didn’t help, or did it? Before long I realised that an orgasm was starting to build. I did and didn’t want that right then.

I was naked, just about dancing and holding my tit and pussy in front of 5 clothed guys and an orgasm was building deep inside me. I didn’t really want to cum in front of them but unless George turned the vibrator off it was going to happen.

On and on the vibrations went and the orgasm got closer and closer. I dropped to my knees then fell backwards so that I was flat on my back on the floor. I could feel my legs trying to push further and further apart.

I swore a couple of times then shouted,

“I’M CUMMING, I’M CUMMING, I’M CUMMING.”

My pelvis went up, my arms and legs went rigid and I stopped breathing. Seconds later I gasped for air and my muscles relaxed but the vibrations were still there. I heard someone say,

“Do you think that she can give us another?”

And I realised that if George didn’t switch it off there was every chance that I would cum again.

“Please George.” I said but one of the guys interpreted that as to me wanting more and he said,

“Leave it on George.”

He did and the inevitable happened quite soon. Again I shouted and then went rigid as the  orgasm hit me like a train. Again I stopped breathing and only relaxed because George took pity on me and switched the vibrator off.

“Oh my gawd.” I said, “that was ……”

“Awesome.” One guy said.

“Embarrassing.” Another guy said.

“Just for us.” The third none family guy said.

“Yes, all of those.” I replied. “Wait, no, I didn’t do that for you lot, George made me do it.” 

“Go on Ella,” Will said, “tell us that you didn’t enjoy it.”

“I did.” I quietly replied.

“I think that you really enjoyed putting on that show for us Ella,” George said, “and that you’d be happy to put on a repeat performance whenever we tell you. Tell me that I’m wrong Ella.”

“I can’t say that.” I quietly said.

“Come her Ella, give your big brother a big naked hug.”

I did, then when we broke I said,

“I’m really glad that I came to live with you.”

“Good because we are glad that you did, you’re not the only one who is having lots of fun.”


“It’s happy families time over there.” I heard Will say.

“Fuck off.” George replied. Then he turned to me and said,

“I meant what I said Ella but I only said it to you because at that moment I thought that you needed it.”

“I did need it, and I also have to say that I love every minute with you and Logan even when I’m doing what I just did, especially when I’m doing what I just did,”

“So you’re game to do it again Ella,” one of the guys said, “or to let us all fuck you again.”

“Woah there guys,” George said, “there isn’t going to be a gang-bang here tonight, that will have to wait until the next party, we’re going to the pub in a bit.”

I was both happy and disappointed. I hadn’t remembered anything about my first one and I wanted to know what I had missed.


Another guy turned up a couple of minutes later and when he saw me he said,

“Ella, still got no clothes on I see and you got rid of that ugly bush. I like the vibrator and you’re looking hot girl.”

“Thank you.” I said and knew that he was one of the ones that gang-banged me.

I picked up my beer and had another good swig.


After the guys had finished the beers that they had someone said that it was time to move on so I put my half finished beer down and put my dress back on.

As we walked to the pub with me with one hand on my stomach to stop the dress falling off, the last guy to arrive, Trevor, was talking to me.

“So do you like living with your brothers Ella?”

“Yes I do, it’s much more fun than living with my parents.”

“So you like all the nudity and the sex?”

“I do. I’ve done a lot of things for the first time and they’ve all been great.”

“What about your initiation at the party?”

“You mean when you and the other guys gang-banged me Trevor?

“How do you know that I was part of that?”

“You just about told me so back at the house and you’re not denying it.”

“Bright girl, so did you like the gang-bang?”

“I don’t know, I can’t remember much about it I was drunk and passed out.”

“Yes you were, in a way it was like fucking a bag of bones but you did cum at one point?”

“Oh, did I, I don’t remember. Can a girl really cum when she’s passed out?”

“I guess so, or maybe you weren’t passed out, just the booze blocking your memory.”

“Maybe, whatever it was I can’t remember it.”

“But you’ve had lots of orgasms since then haven’t you?”

“Thousands, well it seems like thousands, even the neighbour and the shop keeper have given them to me. And I had a couple back at the house before you got there.”

“Did those bastards gang-bang you before I got there?”

“No, George used this vibrator inside me to make me cum. Can you see it as we walk?”

“It is hanging down a bit but I wouldn’t worry, most people won’t even see it.”

“Good, it’s bad enough having to walk around in this horrible dress but having that thing hanging down makes things worse.”

“That dress isn’t so bad, it does show off your assets, your nipples are showing right now.”

“I know, they won’t stay covered when I’m walking and my hand is there to stop the whole think falling off me.”

“Those shoulder straps do seem to have a mind of their own. Maybe you should just let it happen and carry the dress over your arm?”

“And get arrested for public indecency? No thanks.”

“Yes, the coppers around here are real Jekyll and Hyde characters.”

“What?”

“Never mind. We’re here now, don’t worry about the bouncers seeing your tits they’ve seen thousands of them.”

The bouncers did look at me but they didn’t say anything and when we got inside I saw that the place was crowded. There was a big football match on and it seemed like half the city was there watching it. The guys that I was with had to almost force their way in, and to find somewhere where we all could stand.

Two of the guys went off to get some drinks leaving the other 4 and me to just stand there, the guys watching the big screen TVs and me feeling a bit out of it.

“Well,” I thought, “there no chance of anyone seeing that pink thing sticking out of my pussy in here, hell, I could let the dress fall off me and no one would notice my naked body.”

It took forever for the 2 guys to return with the drinks and I wasn’t exactly please to see that they’d got a pint of beer for me. Bottled beer doesn’t taste that bad but I quickly found out that beer in those big glasses taste so different. I managed a couple of mouthfuls then started looking for some way to leave the rest.


Almost as soon as we went into the pub the shoulder straps of the dress had dropped off my shoulders and the only reason that the dress had stayed on me was because I held it in place with one hand on my stomach and that hand stayed there all the time. 

That is until someone scored a goal and the whole room erupted. Arms went up in the air and people were jumping up and down and someone knocked my arm that was holding my dress in place. Gravity took over and the dress started to fall off me.

Fortunately I was still holding my pint glass and my bent elbow stopped the dress from falling right off, it just dropped enough for my tits and most of my butt to be exposed. I frantically started to pull it up with one hand which was not easy. I just about made it by the time that the cheering died down and I don’t think that anyone realised my predicament. I hoped that there wasn’t going to be another goal.

Shortly after that more drinks appeared but thankfully, whoever bought them must have seen that my glass was still nearly full and didn’t get me one.   


I was feeling a bit left out of things as it appeared that I was the only person there who wasn’t interested in football and I was happy when the game stopped for a break. Our group turned to face each other and started talking to each other. Most of it was about the football but not all and I did get included in the conversation a bit and I did drink some more of my beer. I decided that it was an acquired taste because I started to like it.

It wasn’t long before the game started again and it went on for hours, well that’s what it felt like. Fortunately, my suspicions that someone might score again were right and I was prepared for another knock that would result in the dress falling again and I managed to keep it in place when the whole pub erupted 2 more times.


Finally the game ended and some people started leaving and leaving space for us to expand. In fact we even managed to get a table to sit around. I could finally take my hand from my stomach and not worry about the dress falling off me.

I finished my beer and managed to tell the guys going for more not to get me one. I didn’t say so but I was starting to get a bit light-headed.

Unfortunately for me those guys did get me another pint of beer and I found it hard not to drink it. By the time it came to leave I was definitely light headed. When I stood up to leave I nearly fell back onto the seat, and I’d forgotten to hold the dress in place. When I was sat again I was topless.

“Come on Sis.” Logan said as he lifted me up and pulled my dress up for me. 

With his arm round me, and holding my dress in place, Logan helped me out and on our way home. When we got near to our street Logan asked me if I could walk on my own okay. I said that I could so Logan let go of me.

I stumbled a bit as I walked out of the dress and the next day I was happy that Logan had picked it up for me.

I walked the rest of the way home naked apart from my shoes.


I remember being on my back on the kitchen table with one of my brothers fucking my pussy and the other fucking my mouth. Then they swapped ends and I ended up with 2 loads of cum in my pussy and 2 in my stomach.

I managed to get upstairs and to the bathroom where I had a pee then went and got into Logan’s bed. I went out like a light.

*****

I woke up in Logan’s bed with him snoring beside me. When I remembered what had happened I got up and frantically searched for my dress. I didn’t want to have to go to Blackpool with absolutely nothing to wear. Fortunately I found it on the floor behind the sofa.

I went to the kitchen and saw the pink vibrator on the worktop getting charged. I silently thanked my brothers even though I couldn’t remember it being taken out of me. I had drink of water, put the kettle on then went and lay on the sofa.

Some time later I woke again to see Logan staring down at me.

“You need to get yourself cleaned up, the full works then put what you’ll need in bag. We’ll be leaving in about an hour.”

“Thanks Logan.” I replied then got up.

But before going to the bathroom I needed a coffee so I went and made one then took it to the bathroom.

Thirty minutes later I was ready, standing in the lounge totally naked and holding a plastic bag with my pills, toothbrush and shaving things in it. 

“I’m ready.” I announced.

“Vibrator?”Logan asked.

“I ran and got it and the charger and put them in the bag.”

“You can spent the week naked like that if you want Ella,” George said, “but you may want to take the dress.”

I cursed myself as I ran to where the dress was and stepped into it.
  
“Let’s go.” Logan said and we all went out and got into Logan’s car, me in the back. It only has one door on each side so I had to climb into the back, George slapping my bare butt as I bent to climb in.”

“Take the dress off Ela.” George said.

“You want me to travel to Blackpool naked? People will see me.”

“Probably, and don’t forget to put the seat belt on.” George replied.

“And put you’re vibrator in, George is going to help the journey go faster for you.” Logan said.

I did, and George did, as soon as we’d got out onto the open road I felt the vibrations start. They weren’t strong at first but over the next half hour or so they got stronger.

“You’re not allowed to cum in the Ella,” George said, “so let me know if you’re getting close.”


A few minutes later I said,

“I’m getting close George.”

The vibrations stopped but a few minutes later they started again. 

Four times I had to say that I was getting close until they stopped when we stopped at a McDonalds for a drive-thru meal. I’m sure that the guys taking the money and then handing us the food and drinks saw me in the back but they didn’t say anything. Although at that moment I could easily have jumped out and made myself cum right there in the drive-thru.

The vibrations started again when we’d finished eating and George kept edging me for most of the rest of the 3 hour journey.

I saw a few people looking at Logan’s car as we got overtaken but I couldn’t tell if they’d seen me. although I was sure that one lorry driver saw me as we were overtaking him, he honked his horn and gave me the thumbs up sign.

George switched off the vibrator when we got close to Blackpool leaving me a very frustrated girl.


We arrived at the farm late afternoon and once out of the car Logan gave me the dress to put on. He’s stopped outside the farmhouse so that we could go and let the farmer know that we’d arrived and to get the key.

It was only as we walked to the farmhouse that I saw what turned out to be the farmer standing near a bush watching us. I guessed that he must have seen me get out of the car naked then put the dress on.

The farmer came with us to show us where we could get water from and where to empty the chemical toilet. As we were walking I heard him talking to Logan,

“Did the girl travel all the way here naked then?”

“Yes she did, she doesn’t like clothes. You’ll probably see her running around without clothes on, will that be a problem for you?”

“No, and not for my boys but if I were you I’d keep an eye on her when the boys are around, they’ll probably try to service her.”

“Thanks for the warning.”

“Right, tap and that’s the drain for the toilet. I’ll run a hose into the field tomorrow so you won’t have so far to walk for water. If there’s anything else that you need you come and see me. There’s no one in the other caravans at the moment but I’m expecting some people with tents to come in a couple of days, I’ve also got a booking from some young men from Manchester as well. They should arrive tomorrow.”

“Okay, we’ll keep our noise down and we promised that we’d keep the place clean, the girl will do that.”

“Good, there’s a bus stop at the end of the drive and the buses from town run until the early hours. Just come and ask it there’s anything else. Oh, I know that you city folk don’t get to see farm animals very often so you’re welcome to wander around the farm and see them but please, if you go through a door or a gate, shut it behind you.”

“Thank you.” Logan said.

“Yours is the second van on the left. Have a good holiday.”

With that the farmer turned and left us and Logan went to get the car.

“May as well start as you intend to go on Ella, get the dress and the shoes off.”

“I might stand in some cow shit or something.”

“Then you’ll have to go to the tap and wash it off.”

“Go to the tap naked?”

“Yes Ella, if anyone sees you just smile at them.”

Although I’d mildly complained I was starting to like the idea of people there seeing me naked. I wondered what the farmer’s boys were like and if they’d like seeing my naked body.

George and I walked to the caravan, me watching where I was putting my feet. As we got there Logan arrived in the car.

The caravan wasn’t that big, but it certainly wasn’t the smallest that I’ve seen and inside it looked quite nice. We had to lift out a couple of chairs, a table and a couple of loungers to be able to get inside.

“Where’s the bedroom?” I asked.

“You’re standing in it.” Logan said, “you take the table down and use the seat cushions as a mattress. You’ll be sleeping in the middle Ella and us on ether side of you so whichever of us get to you first fucks you, or we may share you like we did last night.”

“Where’s the bathroom?” I asked.

Logan opened a door and I saw a very cramped shower and toilet.

“That’s small.” I said.

“You could always go and shower at the tap Ella, I’m sure that the farmer would like to watch you.”

“I’ll struggle in there.” I replied.

Logan turned on a tap and we could hear a pump working but no water came out. 

“Take that container and go and fill it at the tap Ella.”

“You want me to go to the tap like this? The farmer or his boys might see me.”

“And that would be a bad thing because?”

“Okay I’m going.” I said thinking that maybe it wouldn’t be a bad thing if they did see me naked.

Off I went swinging the carrier in my hand. I looked around and was and wasn’t happy that there was no one else around. 

I didn’t realise how heavy water is until I had to carry the container back and my arm ached a little when I got there. Logan tipped the water into a tank from outside the caravan then he told me to go again and that I’d have to go 2 or 3 times a day. Maybe more if I kept the shower on for too long.

Suddenly the idea of showering at the tap didn’t sound too bad.

After 2 more trips and with aching arms I sat on one of the chairs outside rubbing my arms to get some life back into them. As I sat there I looked around. Apart from the farm buildings I couldn’t see any other buildings, it was so peaceful and the air was so fresh. I nearly nodded off to sleep but George brought me back to reality with the vibrator.

“Bloody hell George, I nearly had a heart attack.”

“Don’t get too comfortable Ella, we’re going into town. Get cleaned up then sort out what you’re going to wear.”

“You always were the funny one George.” I replied.

“Do I leave the vibrator inside me or do I pull it out?” I asked.

George told me to take it out and put it on charge which I did. Then I put my dress and shoes on and we walked out of the farm, me holding my stomach to keep the dress from falling off me. We could see a bus stop down the road and when we got there Logan read the timetable on the post and we only had about 5 minutes to wait.

It only took about 15 minutes before we were dropped off right in the centre where thousands of people were walking about so George and Logan decided to explore a bit.
We walked passed a lot of the sort of junk shops and arcades, then in the window of one of the junk shops I saw a mannequin wearing a long T-shirt.

“Can you buy me one of those T-shirts please guys, I can wear it as a dress.”

“I was expecting a firm ‘NO’ but Logan said that he would buy me one. I was so excited as we waked in and looked for the racks with the T-shirts. What both Logan and George actually bought me was 2 dresses, both black.

One is a nice looking mini dress complete with short sleeves, a collar and a ‘V’ neck. From a distance it looks like the stereo ‘little black dress’, but when you get close up you can see that it’s made of fine mesh and you can see straight through it. To people nearby I may as well be naked.

The other dress is a tube dress, black and made of some sort of thin stretchy material. It looked way too small for me but Logan said that it would stretch to fit me and that it would stay in place because it was stretchy.

George told me to try on both dresses and I was eager to do so. The thing was, there was no sign of a changing room and the sales man was busy with other customers so Logan told me just to drop my dress and try on the new ones.

Within seconds I was naked in the main part of the shop and pulling the first dress on. I knew by then that it was see-through close up but that became very obvious when I looked down at my chest. I could see every detail of my nipples and areolae. Just after I’d pulled it on a young man walked passed us and I heard him say, “Very nice.”

I didn’t know if he meant me bare or with the dress on.

“Really, you want me to wear this?”

“Yes we do.” Both my brothers replied.

Try the other dress.” Logan said.

I quickly pulled the see-through dress off then put the tube dress on. It’s fair to say that it was a tight fit so I knew that it wouldn’t be dropping off me, and it is comfortable. I pulled the top so that it covered my tits, ignoring my pokies, then I started to adjust the hem. 

I soon found that the dress has 2 halves to it, one half being a good 10 or 12 centimetres longer than the other.

“The long side goes at the back.” George said so I shuffled the whole dress round until the longer bit covered my butt. I then pulled it down so that the front part covered my pussy.

“You look good in that.” George said.

“Thanks,” I replied, “I’m a bit worried because I had to stretch the material to cover both my tits and my pussy.”

“It will be fine Ella, you look great.” Logan said with a smile on his face.

When I wore that dress the next day I discovered that when I started walking in it the hem line worked it’s way up and if I didn’t keep pulling it down it worked its was high enough for my slit, bald pubes and probably my clit to be on display.

Not realising that last part at the time I was so happy to be getting at least one (the tube) dress that I would be decent in and when I told my brothers that I was happy George said,

“Good, we’ll get both. Put your dress back on Ella.”

I quickly got naked then put my barrel dress back on, pleased that I wouldn’t have to wear it for much longer and ignoring the 2 teenage girls that were looking and giggling. I left that shop with one hand on my stomach and the other holding a bag with the dresses in.

From there we kept walking. Taking in the atmosphere and deciding which place to get something to eat. Suddenly a young man walking towards us collided with my shoulder and the impact and the shock caused me to loose grip on my dress and down it went.

I screamed and both Logan and George turned to see what was wrong with me. Dropping the bag with the dresses in I grabbed for the dress and quickly pulled it up but George and Logan weren’t the only people to look at me, I saw 2 other men looking and smiling.

As we got walking again I asked George if I could put one of me new dresses on.

“Where.”

“Anywhere, here if I have to.” I replied.

“Okay, right here on the pavement with all these people passing.”

I was hoping that he’d at least let me go into one of the little alleyways or even behind a parked car. Then I had a brainwave, I got the dress that was on the top in the bag and opened it up. Then I let the straps of the barrel dress slide right off my arms one at a time whilst I held the dress with the other hand.

“Can one of you hold my dress up whilst I put the new dress on over my head?”

Logan stepped forward and put a hand on my left tit over the dress. I wasn’t too happy that he was doing that in public but it was a means to an end so I lifted the new dress, put my arms up inside it and was about to let it slide down me when Logan let go. The barrel dress hit the pavement and the new dress was still high in the air.

I quickly let go and moved my hands down to pull the new dress into place. I gave a big sigh of relief as the dress fell into place. Okay I knew that it was see-through to anyone who got close to me but I could just keep away from people. Besides, as someone had told me recently, most people see what they expect to see and their brain doesn’t register exactly what their eyes are seeing.

Giving a big sigh or relief I bent over and picked up the barrel dress and asked George if I could get rid of it.

“Angie won’t be too pleased.” Logan replied.

“I can tell her that it got caught on some barbed wire at the farm and it ripped.” I replied, pleased that I’d thought of that so quick.

“Okay,” George said “but then you’ll be down to just 2 dresses, you can wear that one at night and the other one during the day.”

I was happy with that arrangement, it also meant that I’d be wearing the dress that I had on only when it was dark outside meaning that there was less chance of anyone realising that it was see-through. I dumped the barrel dress in the next trash can that I saw.


“Who’s hungry?” George asked.

When he got 2 positive replies we headed away from the Promenade and soon came across a Burger King. As soon as Logan opened the door I knew that I had a problem, the whole place was bathed in bright lights.

“Act like it’s not see-through.” George said.

“Easy for you to say.” I replied, but I knew that I had to do just that.

Okay, I got a few long looks as people saw my butt, tits and slit but no one said anything and I started to relax a little. George ordered and we went and sat at a table, me rushing to get furthest away from other people. 

“See Ella, people either don’t realise or don’t care. Besides, if anyone did want to complain the worst we’d get is thrown out and no one wants to waste a lot of time finding a copper and complaining to them. That would take a lot of their time, holiday time.”

“I guess so.”

After a while our number came up and Logan stood up. I thought that he was going for the food but instead he told me to go and get it. Putting on a brave face I walked up to the counter and handed the ticket over. The eyes on the guy were almost laughable as he realised that he could see my tits. I smiled at him, picked up the tray and walked back to our table.

“There you go Ella,” George said, “easy wasn’t it?”

And it was. An unknown guy had seen my tits and probably my butt and I hadn’t been at all embarrassed.

“I told you that it was okay for girls to go around nearly or totally naked.” Logan said, and I was starting to think that maybe he was right.


Food finished my brothers decided to start our way back to the bus stop and I have to say that I was starting to walk around with more confidence and when I saw someone realise what they could see I just smiled at them and kept walking.

Even when we got on the bus I walked passed the driver and I know that he saw me but I didn’t care.

Back at the caravan George and Logan arranged the seating into a big bed and they took me at both ends before swapping then going to sleep.

*****

I woke up with one cock going into my pussy and another into my mouth. The previous night’s fucking session was repeated before I was told to go and organise the breakfast.

It was a little cramped, the whole kitchen area being so small that I didn’t even have to twist to get to everything. We had breakfast outside and I thought that it was really nice eating out in the open.

George went to have a shower and when he came out he said that the water had run out. Guess who had to take the container and go and get some more.

I was just filling it at the tap when a young man came round the corner. The way that he was dressed told me that he was one of the farmer’s boys and he stopped when he got to me.

“I heard that we had a young nudist girl in one of the vans, I take it that that’s you, I’m Eddie.”

“Ella.” I replied.

“I could make that easier for you if you want.”

“How?”

“I could run a hosepipe down to your van but it will cost you.”

“I don’t have any money.

“I wasn’t thinking of money.”

“What then?”

Eddie put his hand on his crotch and looked at me.

“I’m not going to fuck you.”

“I was thinking more of a blowjob, running a hose out is easy.”

I thought for a second then said, 

“Okay.”

“Follow me Ella.”

I did and he led me into a barn where he unzipped his jeans and said,

“Over to you Ella.”

I nervously go onto my knees in front of him and stuck my had into his jeans.

“No undies.” I said as I pulled his soft cock out.”

“Too warm, anyway listen to the pot calling the kettle black.”

I ignore that as I looked at his cock. It was a nice one, not that I’m an expert, and for a few seconds I watched as it got hard, then I kissed the end of it.

“Come on girl, I haven’t got all day.”

I licked it then put my mouth over it and started sucking. I don’t think that I’m an expert at blowjobs yet but Eddie seemed to be happy but he pulled out and shot his load all over my face.

“Thanks Ella,” Eddie said as he put his cock away, I’ll go and get that hose, I’m surprised that dad didn’t offer it to you when you got here..

I wondered if the farmer knew what would happen, but I wasn’t upset, it meant that my arms wouldn’t ache again.

I followed Eddie and watched him get this big coil of blue pile and unroll it down the field to the back of our caravan. George saw me and my face and he said,

“Had to pay for the hose did you?”

“Yes I replied.”

George laughed then told me that the farmer had told him that he’d run a hose into the field that day. 

“So I needn’t have given Eddie the blowjob then?” I said.

“Nope.” George replied.


I watched Eddie walk out of the field then a couple of minutes later water start coming out of the end of the pipe that had a tap on it. I took the pipe to the caravan’s tank and held it filling the tank until it started overflowing.

Then I decided to have my shower outside using the pipe. Okay I had to hold the pipe but there was much more room. 


When we were all cleaned up Logan told me that we were going back into town again and that I should put my day dress on. I was excited as that was the most normal dress that I’d be wearing since I went to live with my brothers.

It was only when we left the caravan that I discovered the problem with the dress. When I’d put it on I’d pulled the dress up to cover my tits properly and down to cover my pussy properly. It stayed like that in the shop but when I started walking about in it the material started to shrink a bit and I had to pull it up to keep my nipples covered, but that soon meant that my bare pubes and slit and clit were exposed, or I could pull it down and after a few steps my nipples would pop out.

I had a dilemma and by the time we got to the bus stop I’d decided that people were more likely to notice my exposed nipples than my exposed bare pubes and slit and clit thinking that they were the same colour as the tops of my legs making them less obvious.

Of course my dilemma amused George and Logan and they congratulated each other on their choice of dress.

So that was it for the day, I had to walk around with my bare pubes and slit and clit on display except when I put my hands or anything else that I could get my hands on, in front of my pubes. Doing that proved to be difficult when we were in the amusement arcades and on the rides at the Pleasure Beach although on the rides it wasn’t a problem, it was when I got off them and I forgot to check what parts of me were exposed and just started following my brothers and someone noticed.

One middle-aged lady told me that I might like to check the top of my dress one time. I thanked her and guessed that she obviously hadn’t looked at the hem.

We were there for hours until both George and Logan started complaining that it had cost them a fortune and I remembered seeing a board with prices on and remembered that the prices were extortionist.


This time it was Fish and Chips and again George complained about the price. We went onto the Promenade and sat on a seat to eat them. My legs weren’t crossed and I knew that all the people walking along would, some were, looking at my bald pubes but I didn’t really care. Sometimes when some young men were passing one of my brothers would tell me to open my knees and I did. 

After that we went for a walk on the beach. The tide was out and there was acres of sand and we came to some sand dunes. George told me to take the dress off and walk naked along the dunes. I was quite enjoying it when I got one hell of a shock and thought that an aeroplane was about to crash but Logan told me that we were very close to Blackpool airport and that a plane was coming into land. I wondered if any passengers looking out of the windows would be able to see me and tell that I was naked.

Shortly after that we turned and headed back, George telling me to put my dress back on only when we got near to some people.

By the time that we got near to the Pleasure Beach I had just about forgotten that my dress was ridding up uncovering my pubes and slit. Either that or I didn’t care any more because I didn’t even think about my exposure. 

We headed back to the bus stop and then back to the caravan.


When we saw the field I saw 2 largish tents not that far from our caravan. As we got closer Logan and George said hello to 2 of the guys there and they got chatting. I just stood there like a dummy forgetting that my pubes and slit were on display. After George introduced me to Adam and Mike I saw them staring at my pussy. Logan saw them too and said,

“Ella, what are you thinking of, you know that you’re not supposed to wear your dress on the site, take it off or get your butt spanked.”

Well I didn’t fancy the latter so I took the dress off leaving me naked in front of 2 guys that I had met just seconds before.

Now Adam and Mike were staring at me in disbelief but when Mike got his wits about him he shouted,

“LIAM, JACOB, COME AND MEET OUR NEIGHBOURS.”

Out of the tents came Liam and Jacob, Liam stopping dead in his tracks for a second when he saw the naked me.

After introductions Liam asked why I was naked.

“She only came to live with us a few days ago and somehow she managed to loose all her clothes so she had to stay like that. Then she got used to being naked and when we bought her a couple of dresses she talked us in to keeping her naked whilst we’re on this site.”

Whist he was saying that I was just stood there actually feeling a little embarrassed.

The guys got talking again and it turned out that they liked football and that there was a big game on that night. Before I realised it plans had been made for all 7 of us to go into town and watch the game in a pub.

“Great,” I thought, “how boring, I hope that the lights in the pub aren’t very bright.”

Cans and bottles of beer appeared and soon everyone was chatting away like old mates. One of the guy had given me a bottle of beer and with nothing else to do I drank it.

When it got near to teatime George sent me to get some food ready and Mike and Liam did the same in front of their tents. After we’d all eaten and cleared away Logan sent me to have a shower at the outside tap. Jacob came with me saying that he needed to fill their water bottles.

I offered to let Jacob fill the bottles before I showered but he insisted that I shower first. While I was doing so he got me to tell him how I ended up naked in the first place. So I told him, even about the gang-bang that I couldn’t remember.

 


“Bloody hell Ella,” Jacob said, “you’re going into town wearing that dress with nothing underneath it?”

“I don’t have a choice. No one will buy me any underwear and my only other dress is for day use only.”

“Well this sure is going to be interesting isn’t it guys?”

The other 3 guys were all staring at me Mike eventually said,

“You look so sexy like that Ella.”

I nearly blushed for the second time since I had met those guys.

Jacob was sat next to me on the bus and he asked me what it was like being naked, or as good as, most of the time.

“Embarrassing at times but it makes me so horny when guys stare at me. Like when I met you guys this afternoon I was embarrassed but I was also horny, I wanted to just make myself cum right there and then.”

“You wouldn’t have got any complaints for us Ella, and promise me that if you feel that way again you will just take care of your need, or get one of us to help you with it.”

Before I could answer George interrupted,

“Hey you guys, if you want to fuck Ella when he get back you can but you’ve got to wear condoms.”

I was a bit stunned. When I thought about it I wasn’t really surprised that one of my brothers had offered my body to some guys that we hardly knew. The other thing was that I had been wanting to know what I had missed the first time, it was just that I wasn’t expecting the second time to be so soon. Having said all that, my pussy was starting to make a wet patch on the bus seat. 


I managed to keep in the middle of the 6 guys for most of the time until we found a pub that was screening the game, and that would let so many people in. The bouncer on the door gave me a sort of ‘knowing’ look when the bright lights showed him my bare body through the dress but he still let me in. 

The game was as boring as I expected and I have to say that through boredom I drank more than I wanted to. Thankfully not enough to get me very drunk, just a bit happy.

A few people round our group looked at me for longer than a quick glance but I just ignored them and I was glad when the game was finally over. I didn’t know who had won, or care, but the guys with me seemed satisfied with the result.

From there it was to McDonalds and we al sat in a corner. The thing was, they wanted me to play with myself while they watched me. I was too happy to not think of an excuse so I spread my knees, shuffled down in the seat and started rubbing.

At one point I saw a young McDonalds girl looking down on me as she collected our rubbish.  I saw her smile and wondered if lots of girls made themselves cum in McDonalds. Anyway, I achieved the goal I was given and I sat up straight when I had my wits about me again.

Satisfied with their achievement we left and headed to the bus stop.

Jacob got talking to me again and the first thing that he asked me if I was okay.

“Yes, why wouldn’t I be?” I replied.

“It’s just that not many girls would have done that.”

“Well I’m not any girl and I actually liked doing that.”

“Would you have done that before you moved in with your brothers?”

“Hell no, I would have been mortified at even the thought of them seeing me like this never mind playing with myself.”

“So are you happy that you moved in with your brothers?”

“Hell yes, I’ve never had so much fun.”

“You’re one hell of an amazing girl Ella.”

“Thank you Jacob.”


Back at the caravan more beers were opened and it wasn’t long before the guys wanted me to perform for them. A groundsheet and one of those foam mats was brought out and surrounded by all the torches that everyone had. I also saw that everyone including George and Logan had go their phones out. Then I was told to get on my back and make myself cum.

“I don’t know that I can do this, not in front of everyone like this.”

“Come on Ella,” George said, “You orgasmed in front of lots of guys before we went to the pub to watch that last football match and you did it again in McDonalds.”

What choice did I have, I spread my legs and my fingers got working.

It took a while for me to get into it but once I did getting to my climax didn’t take that long due to the 6 expectant sets of male eyes staring at me.

“That was a great start to the party” George said, “right, who wants her first? Remember guys, you 4 need to wear a condom if you’re sticking it in her cunt or her ass.”

For the next hour or so those 4 guys gave it to me every way that they could, even in my butt. At one point I was laying on my back with one of the guys underneath me with his cock in my butt. Another guy was on top of me pounding into my pussy whilst a third guy was laying sideways across my head with his cock in my throat. The fourth guy was laying alongside me and he had taken my hand and put it on his cock and I was furiously wanking him.

The only thing missing was another guy laying on my other side and me wanking him too but I had enough trouble coordinating getting satisfaction from 4 cocks.

Three cocks came inside me but the 2 at my lower end didn’t leave anything inside me whereas the cock in my throat gave me a little late night snack. The cock beside me left a deposit on my side which got rubbed into my skin by all the skin contact.

Me, I had 2 orgasms while all that was going on, and the best part was that I was aware of it all happening and would remember it the next day with nice memories.

At the end of it I was exhausted but happy, my first conscious gang-bang and I wanted more.

Before going to bed George had me take a shower and because it was late at night it was a cold shower which made me fully alert. I went back to the guys with the towel around my shoulders but George told me to go to bed. I was asleep within seconds and I wasn’t woken by George or Logan until the morning when I became aware of a cock inside me.

*****

The 4 guys had left their tents by the time I got up and after breakfast my brothers decided that we were having a day at the campsite.

It started with playful challenge of who could get what inside my pussy. The first thing that  Logan put in me was a beer bottle. First the top end then the bottom end. That hurt a little but, thankfully, he was patient and he worked it slowly in letting my pussy adapt to the size bit by bit.

Next George took me outside and he removed the tap from the end of the hosepipe and put the pipe with water pouring out of it in my holes. That was a weird feeling and I had to keep pulling it out because it felt like I was about to burst. Logan got me to lay on my back, fill up, hold it then see how far I could squirt the water. I was impressed with myself when Logan said that I’d squirted it just over 2 metres.

George told me that he knew a guy who could piss over a car and he got me to see how far I could piss. It wasn’t the 2 metres but he told me that I might be able to make the distance if I was desperate to go. A challenge for another time.

Whilst rummaging around the drawers in the caravan George discovered some golf balls and they wanted to see how many they could get inside me. In spite of the water washout my pussy was lubricating well and we had about an hours fun with then pushing the golf balls inside me and me pushing them out. They made a video of themselves doing it and how my pussy reacted. I was amazed to see my pussy sort of grab the balls and suck them in with me not trying to control my muscles.

It was like my pussy had a mind of its own. They managed to get 3 balls to stay inside me but when the tried for a fourth it would disappear inside then immediately come back out.   I had no idea what my pussy was thinking.

Logan tried a tennis ball. At first it was too painful. George said that it was probably because of the texture of the ball so he coated it in cooking oil then tried again. He succeeded but it felt strange and I was happy when they said that I could squeeze it out.

Finally they both wanted to see if they could get all of their hands inside me, thankfully not at the same time. Both of them stretched me more than anything had before and it felt really weird when the waggled their fingers inside me.

Just when I thought that it was all over they got me to put the first 2 fingers of both my hands inside, back to back, then pull my the 2 sets of fingers apart, thus opening me up as wide as I could. To be able to do this I had to be on my back with my knees back up over me and by my head. My arms had to go over the backs of my thighs to be able to get my hands to my pussy.

Logan told me to stay with me stretching my hole as much as I could for ages whilst they probed inside me with the handle of a wooden spoon to see if I was ticklish inside. I wasn’t but it felt weird. They also took a few photos so that I could see inside myself.


That afternoon my brothers decided that we would go for a wander around the farm to look at the animals. Of course they told me that I had to go naked which didn’t bother me. By then being naked was the norm and I have to say that whenever I had to put a dress on it felt strange for the first couple of minutes.

Anyway, we wandered around watching the chickens, pigs and some sheep that were in a barn for some reason, then we wandered out into the fields. The cows scared me a bit. Logan and George laughed at me when I said that they looked like they were eyeing me up before coming to eat me.

George told me that cows wouldn’t eat me but pigs would, then he told me a story about a murderer who had cut up his victim’s body and fed it to the pigs. I refused to go back and see the pigs again.

When we went to one field a couple of horse came over to see us. I was just stroking it’s head when the farmer’s son, Eddie, drove up on one of those quad bike things. He asked me if I wanted a ride on one of the horses. At first I was too scared, telling Eddie that I’d never been on a horse before and that there wasn’t a saddle on it.

Anyway, the 3 of them talked me in to it, Eddie assuring me that the horse was docile and that I’d be okay. He also got the horse to stand beside the gate so that I could climb up that then go over the horse. With the help of a few hands I managed to get on. It felt so strange having the horse’s hair pressing against my inner thighs and pussy.

Eddie talked to the horse again and it slowly started walking whilst I hung onto it’s mane for dear life.

How Eddie was controlling the horse I have no idea. I never thought that horses could understand human talk but this one was doing what Eddie told it to do, even when a sheepdog came bounding over and was running all over the place.

Thankfully the walk wasn’t long and Eddie told me to swing one leg over then slide off the side of the horse and that he would catch me. He did, under my armpits and when he let go of me his hands slid round my front and over my tits.  

“They’re nice and firm.” Eddie said as he stared into my eyes.

Unfortunately at that point the sheepdog decided to start sniffing at my pussy. I stepped back but George said,

“Let it lick you Ella.”

I remembered when my mum’s dog had climbed onto my bed under the sheets and licked me until I’d cum so I spread my legs and let the sheepdog lick me.

As I was enjoying what it was doing to me I heard Eddie say,

“A dog’s nose is up to a million times mote sensitive than a human’s, you must smell really nice Ella.”  

That dog licked me to an orgasm whilst the 3 guys just watched. My little tits were wobbling along with the rest of my body as the orgasm took control of me. I put one arm out and onto Eddie’s shoulder to give me something to hold on to to stop me falling over.

I guess that sheepdogs don’t know what a girl’s orgasm is because it kept going and took me to another peak before Eddie told it to leave me alone. 

“Maybe we should get a dog at home.” George said.

“Naw,” Logan replied, “she’d never get any work done.”

“Thank you Eddie.” I said as I let go of Eddie’s shoulder, “that was, err, nice.”

Eddie turned to face my brothers and said,

“You guys might like to look in the other barn. There’s lots of old farm equipment in there that you might find interesting.”Eddie said.

“Thanks we will.” Logan replied.

With that Eddie turned and got back on the quad bike and the dog went running after him.

“You’d like a dog at home wouldn’t you Ella? George asked but before I could answer Logan just said,

“NO.”

The other barn was interesting to my brothers, and in a completely different way to me, you see my brothers decided that they’d like to continue the game of what they could put inside my pussy and in that barn was lots of handles and knobs and they had me backing onto or lowering myself onto all sorts of things that I had no ideas what they were for. The only thing that I didn’t really like about it all was that all those metal things were cold. A lot of them were rusty as well but at least the rust wasn’t flaking off. The thing that I did like, or should I say be grateful of, was that my body is still going through that phase of producing gallons of natural lubrication all the time.

Logan had his phone with him and he took photos of me on each object that went inside me.



That night was our last one in Blackpool and Logan and George wanted to hit the pubs again. George told me to put my vibrator inside me and when I did he gave me a quick blast just to prove that it was working. 

The 4 guys from Manchester came with us and I didn’t take long for one of them to see the pink tail sticking out of my hole through my see-through dress. Jacob was the first to spot it and he asked me if it was what he thought it was. When I told him that it was a vibrator he asked me who had control of it. I told him that I didn’t know which of my brothers had the phone.


I was pleased with myself in that I wasn’t at all self-conscious about my see-through dress all evening but having said that it may have been because my brothers kept my arousal up all evening and a number of times I pleaded with them to take me over the edge and give me the relief that I needed. Unfortunately they didn’t give me that relief until we were on the bus going back to the farm. I hate to think what the other passengers thought of me as they watched and had to listen my noises of pleasure.


Back at the caravan it was more beer for the guys, George and Logan saying that we weren’t taking any back home so it had to be drunk. I had one as well and it’s fair to say that I was in a happy mood and was well up for it when someone suggested a pissing distance competition. I didn’t win but I sure gave it a good try much to the delight of all the guys, some of whom photographed me trying. 

Before we all turned in for the night George told the guys that they could fuck me provided that they used condoms again and I spent the next half hour or so on my hands and knees getting fucked one after the other until they had all filled their condoms inside me. I didn’t do too badly out of it either, I came twice.

George didn’t feel like fucking me when we went to bed so it was just Logan that fucked me before we went to sleep.

*****

I was awake first and I soon discovered that both my brothers had a morning woody. Not wanting to waste either of them I lowered myself onto George’s and bent over so that I could take Logan’s in my mouth. It wasn’t easy riding George’s cock squat over him like that and I woke him whilst trying. His response was to turn me and lay me on my stomach with my head over Logan’s cock while he spread my legs and fucked me from behind.

After breakfast and a shower outside I had to give the caravan a really good clean then we packed the car ready to leave. George took me over to the say goodbye to the Manchester guys and they all said their goodbyes by fingering my pussy. 

“One last finger fuck.” As Jacob described it.


Then it was up to the farm to hand the keys over, George taking me for the farmer to have one last look at my naked body before we got into the car to set off. Again with me being told to ride in the back totally naked.

We stopped once in a Service Area for us all to have a pee and they let me put my day dress on to go over to the buildings. I just pulled it on making sure that my nipples were covered and not even thinking about my bald pubes. I have no idea if anyone saw my pubes and slit.


When we got back there was lots of washing to do and George and Logan left me to it while they went out somewhere. When I was hanging the washing out the neighbour Tom came out to see me. He told me that the week away had made me look even better and that my vertical smile was as inviting as ever.

It took me a couple of seconds to realise that he was talking about my slit. I smiled and asked him if he would like to get a closer look at it.

As soon as all the washing was on the line I went round to Tom’s house for a very pleasurable hour.

