Untitled Non-Con #2 (Star Trek XI, NC-17 with warnings) 

Title: Untitled Non-Con #2, Gaila/Kirk
Fandom: Star Trek XI
Rating: NC-17 with warnings.
Pairing: Gaila/Kirk
Summary/Prompt: Another take on "their captors made them do it", for this prompt.
Content Advisory: Nonconsensual sex. Het, technology, a non-unhappy ending.
All Thanks To: The anon who requested this in the first place, and as ever, lomedet.
Author's Note: In first comment.
Disclaimer: None of these characters or their settings belong to me.

He holds her hand the entire time, her fingers curled, his shaking as he thrusts. "Sorry, I'm sorry," he mutters into her neck, between an assortment of mumbled curses; she nods against the top of his head, her teeth denting her lip, tears sliding from her tightly shut eyes. A scream's struggling up the back of her throat, panic welling like blood, but she swallows hard and presses her lips as tightly as her eyes. She's been in a grotty room like this before, the air thick with sex and fear, jeering men howling as she was punished for helping another girl escape, and she wants absolutely nothing more than she wants to twist out from under him, cover her ears against the noise, shriek and kick at the bars of the cage as if she could break through. But she holds herself still even though each thrust jars her, breathes through her nose, doesn't make a sound.

Jim can't be as quiet, gasping damply over her throat, but the pirates did demand a show. He's trying so hard not to hurt her, moving shallowly until the big Nausicaan leader shouts, "Harder, Feddie! Fuck that green whore or we will!" Jim growls then, his shoulders tensing even more, and Gaila strokes his neck, conveying acceptance in the touch as best she can, keeping his head down before he shouts something gloriously defiant and probably unhelpful.

Besides, she needs a little more time. She gasps when Jim obeys the Nausicaan -- it hurts, unavoidably, and she turns her face away as she sobs once, her fingers clenching into a fist. "Shit, Gaila, I'm so sorry," Jim whispers, his lips just brushing her pulse, and she nods again, squeezing the back of his neck, uncurling her fingers into his hand. She paused on 'diag.', but Uhura's on the comm, she'll definitely understand.

What the pirates don't know, as they rub themselves, grunting and shouting, watching Jim and Gaila fuck on the floor of a metal cage, is that Jim broke the flip-plate off his communicator and closed his hand around it. The pirates took his clenched fists for useless defiance, he hung onto the communicator the whole way here, and as soon as they could hold hands Gaila started typing. The pirates' transporter jammer, set up on the table the Nausicaan's leaning on, is a simple piece of bootlegged crap. Gaila could disable it with her bare hands or reprogram it remotely with a few tools; instead she types its specs into the communicator, which vibrates silently in response. We hear you, Uhura tells her in pulsed code. Keep going.

She does, though her sweaty fingers smear across the keys, though Jim's thrusts are getting erratic and his breath hitches into a sob. He's young, after all, it's just physiology. "I'm gonna kill these bastards," he groans under her ear, his strongest apology yet, and he never needed to be forgiven anyway.

"Okay," she manages to gasp, tilting her hips up just so, a move recalled from a lifetime ago. This angle hurts worse, she hisses and Jim shudders, his face wet against her skin. "It's okay," she grits out through clenched teeth, pushing her palm down flat between his shoulderblades. "Come on." She finishes typing, and tells herself they can pull this off. "Make some noise."

Jim puffs a harsh laugh against her chin, and his deliberately loud groan is swamped by the pirates' eager cursing and shouts that shake the bars as he comes. Gaila's gasping too fast, making herself dizzy; she stills her lungs with one more effort and pushes her nose into Jim's hair, takes a slow breath despite her quaking ribs, forces herself to think about the times she's enjoyed his scent and not the disgusting audience just beyond the bars.

Then there's a pop, a fizzle, and a soft welcome whirr. Jim rocks up onto his knees, pulling Gaila with him, the communicator hard against the small of her back, as the pirates' shouts shift to alarm. The Nausicaan's ugly face twists as his disruptor shot sparks off the forcefield now strung between the bars. It won't last long, but it doesn't have to, the transporter's lights already whirl around them.

"Get ready to burn," Jim snarls as all the shouting faces fade away. Gaila may have been in a room of horrors like that before, but this time she's a Starfleet officer and Jim Kirk is her Captain. She rematerializes kneeling with him on the transporter pad, bruised, worn out and safe home.