"The man whom I was to marry... died in my arms. He was HIV Poz too... like Jamie." 

"I'm sorry." Brian legitimately felt saddened by Lukas' story.

"Why? You should feel more sorry for Danny. He knew how much I still loved Jamie. Even with his last breath, he was attempting to play matchmaker. He told me to think of him... dying like this. Alone or in someone else's arms. Asked me if that pissed me off or not. Never having the courage to find out if Jamie loved me the same or... if he even still cared about me."

"And?"

"Luckily Jamie never stopped." Lukas smiled secretly, nodding his head in contentment. He rubbed his chin in thought. "But he's still got this hang up about Michael. This odd protectiveness he has to show in order to prove himself right. That you are nothing but bad news to Michael's heart."

"Bruckner has no idea to what I'm really capable of."

"Show him. Tell him. By all means, make him feel humbled at your feet. He needs to know how far you'd go for Michael. How much you'd be willing to sacrifice."

"I already know what I'm doing. No worries."

"Brian, I was never worried. I wanted to meet you before this mess got awkward and went to shit."

"Like it hasn't been there once or twice?"

"Good point. We are having a pretty civil conversation." Lukas raised a lone dark eyebrow in curiosity. "I don't know many gay men who would respect and admire another gay man who might enter a 'threesome' with the man he loves."

"Luke... I..."

"No. Brian... really, it's fine. I've had some pretty extraordinary and crappy things happen in my life. This will fit in my Top Five, for sure..." Lukas and Brian shared a mild laugh. "... but it in no way disturbs or disgusts me. For the first time, I can see all three points of view. I'm almost saddened that I'll miss out on getting to watch what will eventually happen." Then he covered a hand over his face, wishing he hadn't spoken out loud. "Christ! No. No, forget I said that. I don't really want to know. I just want Jamie to get this out of his system, to be sane and healthy... back in our bed."

“I promise you I'll be on my best behavior.” Brian gripped the ledge of his desk beside his hips. "I can't vouch for Michael, but I'll try to curb his venom." He shook his head at the thought of Michael growling and snarling at Ben yesterday at Red Cape.

Lukas was snickering, too. "Now that would have been great to see caught on tape."

"I know. I love it when he gets all... fierce and passionate..." Brian smoothed a hand over his chest, adjusting his tie. "I only saw the aftermath. I've never seen Bruckner look so... uhm, frightened and dejected at the same time."

"I thought I was the only one brave enough to put Jamie in his place."

Brian rubbed his hands over his face, running fingers through his hair. "Yeah... Michael is... jesus... he's... mind boggling."

Lukas could see this "glow" to Brian's hazel eyes, like he'd seen on camera. Up close and in person, it was mesmerizing. "Yes, he is, Brian. I wish you two nothing but the best."

"I would do the same for you, but I like you more than him. I wish you someone who isn't such a stick-in-the-mud."

Lukas stood up, grabbing his jacket. He put his Styrofoam container and bottle of soda back in the bag. "I aim to change that... very soon."

"Well, for that reason... good luck to you."

“I'll leave you to your work.” Lukas stepped closer to Brian, watching him slide off his desk. “Looks like you've got some problems to solve.” He held out a hand to shake. "Thanks for making the time for me to come in and see you."

Brian couldn't help smiling as he took the offered hand. He really did like Lukas, more than he should. He wished Lukas could be part of the threesome, rather than Ben. Something about Lukas oozed an essence of life and strength... even though he was sick, himself. "No problem." Brian let the strong hand go, putting his arms behind his back to walk Lukas out. He didn't know if he should follow him all the way to the elevator or simply leave him somewhere along the way. "I, uh... actually enjoyed the company and the discussion."

Lukas grabbed the knob and opened the door. He would close it shut on his way out. "I meant what I said about you and Michael preparing for your future, when you're ready. Don't wait until the last minute."

Brian realized Lukas was cutting their meeting right at his office door, which was nice to not have to choose. "May I ask you a question? Feel free to ignore me if it's not something you want to tell me."

"Cool. Go ahead..." Lukas leaned back on the door, the sounds of the outer office infiltrating their talking now.

"After all that you went through, even though you love him... Ben--Jamie..." Brian grabbed the upper portion of his door and leaned. "... why did you come back after all that time? Knowing what you know, knowing what you have to face? In your own health too?"

Lukas stared ahead for a bit, almost making it seem like he wouldn't be answering. Then he blinked, swallowed with some difficulty. He turned his green eyes toward Brian, not breaking contact. "I made a decision one day that I deserved to finally find my own happiness. I've had success most people would die for. I've got money enough to make me comfortable. What I never did for myself was make time for me... make time for an actual life. Someone to wait for me when I got home. I choose to be that person now. With Jamie. I love him more than I ever did, it never ends. It keeps growing and changing with every year. I'm tired of running away, making it look like I'm an adult when I'm really just... scared of trying. Also, I kind of see where Danny was when he asked me if I thought I could bear knowing someone else would take care of the man I love, if he got that sick. But then... I got selfish and thought... what about me? What happens to me? Then I realized--I don't want to die in anyone else's arms, but his..." He reached out a hand to grab the back of Brian's neck, almost making it look as if they were about to kiss... but it was more like a "friendly" hold to build confidence. "Think about that, Brian... and see how you'd answer."

With that... Lukas was gone, winking and waving at Cynthia on his way out. He didn't look at anyone else on his trek toward the elevator. The man with a purpose in his life, with no qualms about whatever went on around him.

Brian stood at his door, just staring... his thoughts going directly to Michael.

Cynthia drew up to him, choosing to lean on the opposite side of the door. "Mind telling me who that Dreamboat really was?"

"Yes, I do." Brian really didn't want to tease or joke with Cynthia right now. He pushed off the door's casing. "Close the door for me. I need to get back to work." He moseyed on over to his desk, taking his chair. He tried not to appear like he was agitated or unsettled by what Lukas had told him. Certainly left him with way too much to think about.

For once, Cynthia didn't swear at her boss. She could see something was waging a battle inside Brian's gorgeous head. The body moved, the hands worked, but the eyes seemed to be staring blankly at nothing in particular. "I'll call you when Vance comes around." She shut the door softly, knowing when it was better for her to keep her nose out of business that wasn't hers to mess with.

No matter what Brian wanted to do next, his one thought was to call Michael. He would try to claim it was to tell him everything had gone fine with Lukas, but when Brian felt lost, like this, he needed Michael's voice to balance his mind. He'd rather have Michael in front of him, but the phone would do.

The logged-in cell phone number was answered in one ring.

Brian sat back, pinching the bridge of his nose. "What? Were you staring at your phone, waiting for me to call?" He leaned his head on his hand, placed on the arm rest.

"Hardly." Michael sniffed out a snicker. "Store hours. I set my cell to vibrate. I had it in my front pocket, right next to my--"

Brian poked a finger in his empty ear. "LaLaLaLaLa... I don't hear you... must... be... a bad... connection..." He waited for the giggle.

Michael giggled, shaking his head. "Awwww... you're no fun. Let's just say, I was greatly 'motivated' to answer your call."

Brian scratched at his scalp. "Aren't you always 'motivated'?" He crossed his ankles under his desk, staring at his socks.

"Jesus, I used to not be, but ever since--" Michael simply paused in an awkward place.

"Ever since... what?"

"Uh... nothing." Michael cleared his throat. "My mind conjured up a very satisfying image of you, laying naked on my flooring. I think someone's in my store wearing your cologne."

Brian sat up straight, spinning to look out his window. He got up once he discovered his shades were still closed. That must have piqued Cynthia's interest some. Drawn blinds... handsome stranger in Brian's office... with door closed. Christ! "Cheap imitation." He pulled the shades up to let in the sunlight. He sat on the little window sill to look down on the city. "There's no one who shops at your store who can afford my tastes."

"Ha-Ha... such a snob. Although..." Michael's voice was drifting in and out, like he was walking around to get a better look at this "person" in his store. "... with the right lighting and mood music... he could look like you. Maybe if I squinted my eyes..." To which it sounded like he was attempting that very thing. "... he's got your ass... and he happens to be standing right where you were when you picked me up and I rode you like a--"

Brian let his head fall forward on the glass. "ANYWAY... there's a reason why I called."

"There is? Well..." The "smile" in Michael's voice was undeniable. "... I'll try to pay attention."

"Michael..." Brian began fogging up the window and drawing things on the smooth surface.

"Brian..."

"I could hang up on you."

"Fine by me. I've got enough here to distract me until closing." Michael was tapping on his teeth. "I wonder what the kid looks like in a black blindfold."

"AS... I ... WAS SAYING... we have the big client meeting scheduled at 3pm. If they like what we offer, we sign, done deal. I'll be at the loft around 6pm. If they don't bite, we'll be going back to the drawing board and I probably won't make it home until 7 or 8pm tonight."

Michael wiped at his forehead, making sure he heard correctly. "So... are you saying not to hold dinner for you or to wait on your ass and waste away to nothing?"

Brian slid off the sill and wandered back to his desk, sitting on the corner and swinging his leg. "I am doing the kindness of calling to inform you of where I will be so you don't worry."

"Liar."

"Fine." Brian breathed out his nose.

"Don't... don't get huffy with me. You called my cell. You wanted to hear my voice, because something... or wait... is it... someone?... spooked you. Am I right?"

Brian furrowed his brow, crossed his free arm over his chest, locking it under his biceps. "How do you figure?"

"You never call me to tell me where you'll be to appease my 'worry'. You're not my husband and I'm, for god damn sure... not your wife."

Brian cleared his throat, figuring he better fess up soon or drive them both insane. "Lukas stopped by."

"Oh? And?"

Brian played with some items on his desk. He found that he had a picture cube, heavy like a paper weight, with pictures of him and Michael around the edges. He stared at each one for about five minutes a piece. "He said some things, I guess, I needed to hear." He stopped on one picture of them... goofing off, being young kids. His thumb rubbed over Michael's face.

"About Ben?"

"... and you... and us..." Brian set the picture cube down, looking at Michael's photographic image. Pictures only captured moments, not life. He found it difficult to talk while having Michael's voice in his ear, but only seeing a still framed shot of him with his eyes.

"Wow! Should I be jealous? How long was he there for?"

Brian rolled over his wrist. "Awhile." He squinted to look out at Pittsburgh's skyline in the distance. "You were right about him. He's a great guy."

"Uh-oh... I said 'good' guy. What did he do to advance himself to Kinney 'greatness'?"

"I'll tell you the rest when I see you tonight."

Michael sighed, his voice going soft. "Brian, you know I'm only teasing, right? If you need to talk to me... say whatever's on your mind."

"No. You were right before too. I did need to hear your voice."

"Are you okay? Will you be fine for the meeting?"

"Yeah. Yes... I'm gonna be alright." Brian slid off his desk to sit back in his chair. This time spinning to face the wall behind him.

"Well... okay. Wish I had something more interesting to entertain you with, but so far... it's been a tame morning. If you don't count my brunch with Sunshine."

"Excuse me?" Brian could barely speak with shock lodged in his throat. "Wha--?"

"I'll tell you about it when I see you. So we'll both have stuff to talk about. Now... how's this for random? I've gotten almost all of my clothes in your closets."

Brian wrinkled his brow in thought, crossing one leg over his knee. "Do we need more room?"

"No. You have plenty of space. I only realized that half my clothes date back to 1995 or close to college age. I think I might need your help to weed out the crap I should throw away."

"I love your clothes."

"Brian..." Michael's voice sounded strained.

"Okay... alright. I hear you. I have to let go of 'Mikey'."

"No. No. Not necessarily. I love it when you call me 'Mikey'... but I can't dress like him forever."

Brian sucked in his bottom lip, leaning his head back on the head rest. "Put him on tonight. For me. I'm pretty sure I'm gonna need him when I get out of this office for the weekend."

"Brian..."

"Huh?"

"Go back to work."

"I'll try." Brian let out a heavy sigh.

"For me?"

"Anything." Brian closed his eyes, truly meaning the words. He hoped Michael knew that automatically.

"That's a very dangerous comment to make."

"I trust you."

"Ah! You... are killing me here." Michael patted his chest, as if his heart would beat out of him. "Good luck this afternoon."

"There isn't any... without you."

"Oh-kayyyyyy... buh-bye now..." Michael knew when Brian got this way it was time to hang up. End the conversation.

"Michael... be brave and behave."

"You... are scaring me."

Brian puffed out his bottom lip. "I don't mean to."

"You aren't scaring me away, mind you. You just--you sound like you're in deep thought and you want to tell me something but you--you can't. Or won't. For some reason."

"I know what you meant, and that was a perfect reading of me."

"Okay. How about I get those chicken and pasta dishes we like from Rollo's? Is that cool for dinner? They're great hot or cold. Better cold, if you ask me." Michael spoke the last sentence under his breath.

"Sounds great. I'll call you, if anything changes."

"No you won't."

"Michael..."

"Sorry. Lately, I just don't have a 'stopper' on the things I say in my head, coming out of my mouth. I think that's how Ma got this way... or maybe it's hereditary."

Brian didn't want to lose these kinds of precious minutes with Michael. "I love you."

"Huh?"

"You heard me."

"I know what you said. I'm expecting sarcastic come backs... and instead you choose to romance me with love."

"Is it a crime?"

"It is when you've been withholding it for nearly two decades. I'm allowed to be suspect."

Brian's whole demeanor grew serious, suddenly. "I need my best friend."

"Why? What did 'Michael' do now?" Michael joked about himself, hoping Brian caught on.

"Hehe... you're cute."

"You're cuter... and you certainly fuck better than any guy I've ever been with."

Brian closed his eyes. "I have to hang up now."

"Brian... wait! Hold on!" Michael sounded a little frantic. "Are you really all right? I haven't screwed this up, huh?"

"Yes. I'm fine."

"I love you too. Don't forget that. I'll see you when you get in."

"Yup. Okay."

"Bye."

"G'bye."

There was a very long pause, no one closing off the phone connection.

"Brian... you're not hanging up."

"Neither are you."

"I was waiting for you to leave first."

"I wanted you to leave to tell me to go."

"So... we'll hang up together..."

"Sure. Uh-huh."

"Ready?"

"Yeah."

There was nothing but bated silence as they both listened to one another breathing... then the meticulous way in which both of them began to chuckle at the same time.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

All the lights were turned low when Brian finally arrived back at the loft. He hadn't left the office directly. The three o'clock meeting with the new client had gone better than expected. They had taken a few of Vanguard's employees out for a celebratory meal and some social drinking. Of course, on their dime.

The light above the stove was on and only one of the bedroom lamps was switched to dim. To anyone else's eyes it would appear as if no one was here, but Brian. But he knew differently. Michael wasn't visible, but he was present. The "feeling" of Michael was washing over Brian's body, like a warm rain shower, as he slid out of his coat, locking the steel door and setting the security codes.

Michael was here... laying in bed, most likely asleep. Brian threw his coat over the back of the couch, taking off his suit jacket. He loosened his tie and slid the material through his collar as he made his way toward the second doorway into the bedroom. By the time he climbed up the two steps, he had slipped off his shoes and unbuttoned a few holes in his shirt. Everything else was remaining on. The material of the tie was curled around one hand as he rolled up his sleeves to the bend of his elbows. Starting from the end of the mattress, Brian crawled toward Michael.

Michael was tucked under the mountain of comforter and blankets, buried under a spread out stack of comics that surrounded his hips and waist. They lined all the way up to his pillows, as if he'd fallen asleep reading them. Michael was laying on his left side, facing the empty side of the bed.

Brian shook his head, sniffling out a soft snicker. He began to stack the comics in a neat pile, so he could have room to situate his body closer to Michael. He made faces as he looked over each of the titles. They weren't well-known comics, nor were they Captain Astro. He wondered why Michael had taken them out of the store. Once he had a good amount of them in his grip, he reached over the tiny huddled body to place them on the night stand. Right now, Brian wanted to put his arms around Michael and sleep as peacefully as his favorite companion always did. He snuggled near the blanketed form, not taking any chances that his best friend was completely naked underneath.

Michael had his right arm up around the pillow, bare biceps exposed as he hugged the plushness to his face. Brian placed his head close enough to the pale skin to feel the radiating heat. He leaned forward and shut his lids. He simply needed to hear Michael breathe, the sound becoming very soothing to him over the years. Today... this moment... the subtle noise seemed almost life-affirming. What he had discussed with Lukas was stuck in his mind. He wasn't able to loosen the thought of what he'd do if Michael was sick. He scooted over, body aligning with Michael.

Michael's breathing tempo changed as his arm came down, falling between he and Brian's chests, laying on the mattress. Brian set his cheek on the vacant place on Michael's pillow. Now he was laying a mere two inches from Michael's features, inhaling his heady scent and essence. He removed his arm from around Michael's waist to take the limp hand in his and twine their arms. He held their joining to his body.

Michael began to blink dark lashes open, having felt Brian's warmth even before his body came near. Now the end-of-the-day smell was hitting his nostrils, drawing him toward the person laying next to him. "Did you eat?" Even through the blankets, his leg tried to tuck itself between Brian's thighs.

"Yeah, but... the meeting was a great success. Clients wanted to take a group of us out to dinner, to celebrate. On them."

Michael didn't lift his head, just his brown eyes toward hazel. "What time is it?"

"Uh... somewhere after 7:30pm. I left them about an hour into the meal. I gave some lame excuse about an emergency call from 'home'."

Michael tightened the arm that was hooked about Brian's forearm. “You could have stayed.” His dark head leaned toward the strong jaw on the pillow. "I didn't have much planned anyway. I actually thought about going back to the apartment, the later it got."

Brian reached up to sift through the dark locks at the back of Michael's head. "I'm glad you stayed." He was drawing Michael's covered body into his embrace.

"Your bed looked too inviting. I was more exhausted than I thought."

Brian nestled his face in Michael's neck and collar, hearing the old voice of his best friend as he woke up from a deep sleep. The deeper tones and hushed vocal chords made the conversation seem more private. "Rough day?" He kissed the pale brow, laying his cheek on the hairline.

"Loooong day." Michael brought his arms out from under the blankets to wrap around Brian's neck.

"Boring day?"

"Nah... just became tedious, at times."

"You were surrounded by shitty comics when I came in. Do we need an 'intervention'?"

Michael giggled, sending one hand down to smooth over Brian's chest, cupping the breast bone. "No. I'm safe. The negative inventory report worked all too well. The quality of thefted comics has sunk to a new low. I thought it would be easy to figure out. I wanted to design an ingenious display to crack down on the stealing, but that shit they were taking boggles my mind."

"You'll figure it out. It'll come to you when you least expect it."

"Soooo... you bagged another heavy client for Vanguard? Think Vance will take notice soon?"

"Michael... he just bought out Ryder. I'm not that suicidal with my career that I'd put it in jeopardy."

"Those New York guys loved you. You'd be a fool not to consider their offers, if Vance can't ante up something better. You are the sole reason most of those clients even consider Vanguard Advertising."

Brian reached out to place a finger over Michael's lips, the tip hooking about the bottom one. He rubbed at the soft flesh. "Ssshhh... I'm not at the office anymore. No more 'work talk'."

“Just think about it.” Michael tightened his arms about Brian's torso. "I don't like knowing how easy it is for your bosses to take advantage of your talent and your successes. You should really consider opening your own business. I'm sure you'd make a killing over everyone else in Pittsburgh."

Brian chuckled deeply, his brow leaning on Michael's forehead. "Shit... those little 'talks' you've had with Ben and Justin...” His lone index finger traced down the pale cheek. “... they've really given you this 'boost' of courage."

Michael smirked over at Brian's questioning eyebrow lift. "Did you want to know how my brunch with Sunshine went?'

Brian nodded his head. "No." He and Michael shared a soft chuckle. "Maybe later." He squeezed Michael closer to him, sighing in contentment. "I only want to lay here in the dark with you."

"No funny business?"

"Nope... just two best friends... laying in bed..."

"... who happen to love one another and both feel hornier-than-ever for each other..." Michael finished the explanation of them for Brian.

"Michael..." Brian spoke the name on a long exhale of air.

"I'm sorry. I'll behave." Michael started to pull away, about to tuck his arms back under the covers. "I can completely hide myself under the blankets and go back to sleep." He smiled as Brian wouldn't let him go, quite yet.

"Don't. Don't move."

"Why? What's wrong?" Michael pushed up off his torso, looking down on Brian's face. He reached out to smooth back the bangs, tucking the hair behind the shell of an ear.

~~TBC...