Entry tags: 

"a thousand touches", "a thousand whispers", "brie and char", rating: nc-17

A Thousand Whispers, 03/04, [NC-17], Sam/Dean 

Title: A Thousand Whispers 03/04
Authors: Charlotte and Miss. Brie
Pairing: Sam/Dean
Rating/Warnings: NC-17, 
Disclaimer: Kripke's boys, not ours, even if we want them to be.
Summary: 

Sam and Dean from "A Thousand Touches" are back in this sequel. Time has passed, the boys are still hunting together and growing impossibly closer. An accident changes things for both of them bringing about challenges and feelings they'd never thought they'd face.

Over the course of their time waiting for the dad, Dean learned more things about himself that he'd never known he didn't know. Like the occasional feeling of helplessness when Sam went out to get dinner after they'd woken from their... research... and Dean had decided to take a shower. It hadn't been that hard to figure things out but the moment he stepped from the shower and into the motel room he could feel that anxiety creeping in on him. Suddenly it was like he didn't know where the bed was, or the table, or even his duffel bag. So he stood against the wall and pulled in shaky deep breaths until Sam returned. His brother didn't mention it, simply provided him with boxers and led him to the table to eat, but he could tell it shook him. Sam was about as accustomed to seeing Dean helpless as Dean was to feeling that way.

Sam was wise enough to bring home pizza so Dean began to sink back into something he could handle. And they passed the night together on the bed, more research, to heighten Dean's senses. It made the ground beneath him feel more solid and Dean could tell it soothed his brother just as much.

The next day they didn't venture out, or Dean didn't, Sam went to get food and Dean stayed planted in bed. It just seemed safer. They received a call from their dad when he was an hour out and took a quick shower before Sam threw open the windows to air out the room. There was some smells that all men knew, sex was definitely one of them and both boys tried their best to spare their father in all situations involving them as a couple.

This was around the time Dean learned that he was actually excited to see his dad. Well, not actually see, but there was a certain level of comfort to be gained from the older man's presence. In front of him Dean might not feel so guilty to let his need to be reassured show. He hated that Sam had to carry so much of this burden on his shoulders alone and he tried his best to stay positive but every time his eyes opened to darkness it was like a weight sinking in his gut.

Sam went to wait outside for their dad minutes before his estimated arrival time and Dean sat on the edge of the bed. He knew his dad didn't need Sam to wait for him but he accepted that his brother needed some time to let the heavy weight of their situation lift. Sam was likely just as excited to see their dad as Dean was. 

Relief washed over Sam when his Father's truck pulled into the parking lot. He pushed up from the wall he was sitting on and stood by the truck waiting. 

John turned off the truck and pushed the door open, smiling warmly at Sam. "Sam, how's everything?"

Drawing in a deep breath Sam stepped closer and grabbed his Dad in a hug. The smell of his Dad's jacket reminded Sam of when he was a kid, sleeping in the back seat of the car and the jacket would fly through the air and settle over Sam's small body. "Dean's scared... Dad...." he said, closing his eyes.

"Figured as much," John's voice rumbled against Sam's chest, "let's go see him."

Sam pulled back, smiling as his father squeezed his shoulder and led him to the room.

Pushing the door open, Sam let his Dad walk through first, "Dean?"

John strode over to his oldest son, dropping his bag by the desk on the way, "Dean..."

It was obvious to Sam that their Father didn't know what to say to Dean, but Sam also knew it wouldn't matter. It wasn't lost on Dean that his father had dropped everything to drive for two days just to be here.

Pushing off the bed Dean turned toward the door and his family, swallowing thickly before crossing the room only slightly shaky. His dad's scent was strong, familiar, and Dean reached out toward it until he was brushing against the warm leather of his coat. Dean sighed heavily for a moment before stepping in and wrapping his arms around his dad, hugging him like he hadn't since... well Dean couldn't even think of the last time he'd hugged the man with such force. It had to be a good dozen years, maybe more. "Dad," he said softly, tightening his hold almost unconsciously.

Sam's throat tightened a little watching the two older Winchesters. He'd never pushed Dean to reconcile with their father, and their relationship had been slow to improve. Sam rubbed at his forehead, smiled and settled into the chair by the window.

"S'okay Dean," John held onto Dean tightly, staggering back slightly when Dean had launched at him. "We're gonna get this all worked out," John's voice was deeper than usual and he glanced up at Sam with watery eyes over Dean's shoulder.

"I-I know," Dean nodded and held onto his dad for a moment longer before stepping back, keeping a hand on the man's arm to hold himself steady. He turned his head to the side, seeking his brother and sighing softly at the impossibility of pinpointing him in the darkness. "So what now? You gotta be tired, wanna rest for awhile? Get some food?" Dean hesitated a moment longer before dropping his hand and half stepping back, wondering if he'd over pushed his limits with his dad and their lack of closeness.

"I could eat a horse," John smiled and slung his arm back around Dean's shoulder, "but, I'll settle for a good cheeseburger and fries." He winked at Sam and squeezed Dean's shoulder once more before letting go. "Bathroom - then you boys wanna take your old man out?" 

As soon as the bathroom door closed behind John, Sam was across the room and at Dean's side. "You'll be okay now?" He knew that Dean needed their father there and tried not to be a little sad that he wasn't able to do everything... Sam reached out with his fingers and hooked them gently through Dean's.

"I was okay before," Dean said softly and stepped into his brother, hand finding the groove of his hip. "Just seems like I'll be fixed now. But I couldn't have made it through this without you, you know?" He smiled softly and leaned forward to rest his face along Sam's, brushing a kiss to his skin. "You okay?" He asked quietly; hand on Sam's hip tightening.

Sam could barely swallow; the lump in his throat was huge. "Is it okay, now... if I tell you I'm terrified?" Sam threw his arms around Dean's neck and clung to his brother like his life depended on it. Squeezing his eyes shut he just breathed slowly, concentrating on the way Dean's hands moved on his back.

Dean had kind of always known Sam felt this way but his heart ached at hearing it put into words. He wrapped his arms tighter around Sam and dropped his head to bury in his neck. God it shouldn't be like this. Dean should be there to comfort Sam, should never be the thing that makes him terrified. It was almost enough to have him considering stopping this nonsense. Stop hunting. Stop putting their lives at risk. Dean had no idea what he'd do outside of it but anything would be better then hurting Sam like this, in anyway. "It's okay Sammy," he said softly, turning his head to press a kiss into Sam's neck. "It's all gonna be better soon."

John cleared his throat as he came out of the bathroom, "Okay, break it up, let's go feed me before I pass out." 

John chuckled nervously and walked toward the door. "Sam...you drive - let's take the Impala, it's been a while." He grinned.

Chuckling softly Dean slid back from his brother, catching his shirt to hold him steady. "You're riding in back dad," Dean informed him with a smirk. "Don't think you've ever had the privilege." He couldn't help laughing at the change, and the oddity of it all. He'd never imagined a time when all three of them would ride in the Impala together again.

"Oh come on... Sammy'll let me drive," John nudged Sam's shoulder with his fist.

"No way," Sam said, nose wrinkling as he tried not to laugh.

They filed out the door, John first, checking out his car to see how the boys were treating her. Sam threaded his fingers through Dean's and tugged him out the door and over to the driver's side to make sure he could get in before their father stole the prime seat. There was a lot of laughter in the car as they pulled out of the parking lot.

It seemed lots of things had changed for all of them in the time since they'd last met up. Gloria was, in fact, John's girlfriend. Sam teased him for a while. Sam with his elephant-like memory had not forgotten than John made a point of telling them before that he wasn't interested in a relationship. Over burgers and fries, John filled his sons in on what they'd managed to work out. Gloria had spent two days on the phone with John's work insurance company and managed to find out all the right information for getting Dean registered with them. Approval for Dean's surgery had arrived just before John had made it to the Motel. Sam and Dean looked noticeably relieved when John passed on the good news. One difficult hurdle was now behind them.

Sam remained silent for most of the lunch. It was nice for him to be able to rest his voice, settled back into his role as observer. Fingers curled over Dean's thigh Sam munched away on his burger as his brother filled his Dad in on the Ghoul hunt. Their Dad was gracious, telling Dean that they'd handled it well and it could have happened to anyone. Sam choked on a French fry when their father added that it was a good thing Dean had Sam to keep an eye on his ass. Eyes wide, Sam grinned rather than commenting.

Soon, they were on their way back to the Motel, their father driving and Sam in the backseat. Naturally, he made good use of his vantage point to hang over the front seat and let his arms rest over Dean's shoulders. The more time they'd spent together - the more their father had relaxed and the happier Dean looked. Grinning like a Cheshire cat Sam all but bounced out of the car once they were back at the room. It had been a long time since they'd been a family.

Dean stood just outside the car, smiling at the feel of his brother's hand around his arm. He turned toward him slightly, dipping down to pressed a small kiss to his neck - which ended up being more along his jaw - before stepping back. "Can you give dad and me a moment to talk about some stuff?" He asked softly, already knowing his brother wouldn't be overly thrilled with the idea. "I just... I'll talk to you about it later when it's just us okay? I need to sort through things first." He tried to smile reassuringly, wishing he could see the look on his brother's face.

Pressing his lips together, Sam scratched at the side of his nose. There were a lot of ways a conversation between their father and Dean could go. More often than not Sam found himself stepping in, but, this seemed different. "Okay," Sam shifted back a little, "I can ..." he looked around, "walk?"

"Not far," Dean murmured and rubbed along the back of his neck. "Be safe," he smiled softly and reached out for his brother.

Squeezing Dean's hand Sam took a few steps back, waited until their father was standing with his brother and turned to walk off. It was always a strange feeling, leaving Dean's side. Jamming his hands into his jacket pockets Sam dropped his head and walked off down the street.

"Sam okay?" John watched his youngest leaving, his tall frame bowed slightly against the wind.

"He's scared, understandably," Dean shrugged and turned his head toward his dad. "I guess... I've always been the one looking after him. Now I can't even see. Can't do much as far as looking after him. So... it's an adjustment," he sighed and wet his lips, feeling uncomfortable just by admitting those things aloud. "It's making me rethink things."

John took his sons arm and led him toward the Motel room, "rethink things?"

"This life," Dean shrugged and trailed along behind his dad. "I mean, I've always known that something could happen but this just makes it so much more real. If something more serious were to happen to me... Sam would be... or if anything happened to him I couldn't live..." Dean blew out a long breath and shook his head, not able to form the words but knowing his dad would get them. "I guess that's what you were always trying to tell me huh?"

John's voice was soft when he spoke, unlocking the door to their room and stepping in. "You boys are good at what you do. I can't ..." He shook his head, "I can't say that I completely understand the way..." he sighed. A few moments of silence passed and John sat down in the chair by the window as soon as Dean had his bearings. "I can't say that I've always understood the connection between you two, but it seems like ... you're right. I can't imagine one without the other sometimes." 

"No, I'm not saying... I can't give Sam up. That's not even close to what I'm thinking about," Dean dragged his teeth along his lower lip and shrugged once more. "I don't know. It's probably just this lack of eyesight thing. Makes me wonder if this is really the best life for us. I'm sure we'll be fine, once I can see again. I just think sometimes Sam wouldn't mind living a normal life. Like you, getting out of the biz." Dean moved slowly across the room until his legs bumped into the chair, curling his fingers around it to pull out and drop down. "Sometimes I think I wouldn't mind it."

"Sometimes," John shrugged out of his jacket and let it fall behind him onto the chair, "and the rest of the time? It's the rest of the time that's the problem, Son."

"Yeah, I guess you're right," Dean leaned forward against the table. "Suppose it's just something I'll have to talk to Sam about it. I didn't expect you..." Dean shook his head and pursed his lips. Dean had known for years that there was hardly ever an easy answer for things, no quick solution, but it didn't stop him from holding out some childish hope that their dad would have some quick fix it solution to make everything better. He did what he could and Dean was grateful for that, it had to be enough to keep him going.

"Dean?" John shifted in his chair, watching his son's face. "When are you ... what makes you the happiest? What times? What are you doing? I mean..." He looked down, "for the longest times I only wanted to hunt because I couldn't be with your... with Mary. She was the one thing for me and when she was gone ..." He sat back hard in the chair, "and now, all these years later, I want to be at home... my home, working with my hands, hearing Gloria call to me from the front porch when she's made some coffee." He rubbed the back of his neck nervously, "you just gotta figure out what those moments are...."

"That's easy," Dean smiled softly, "whenever I'm with Sam. That's when I'm happiest." He fell into silence for a few moments before turning toward his dad. "Guess it doesn't really matter what we're doing. Though I'll admit to liking some moments more than others. So what do we do? Keep hunting? Taking the risks?" Dean shrugged wondering if he was asking his dad to tell him to stop hunting or insist that he continue for the good of mankind. Either way, it felt oddly nice to have someone to help pick his brain without feeling like he was loading too much on Sam's shoulders.

Laughing softly John arched his eyebrows, "only you two can answer those questions. Does Sam know what you think? What does he think?" He pushed up off the chair and moved over to the small fridge, pleased to find some beer when he opened the door. Grabbing two John returned to the chair and slid one of them on to the table in front of his son, "beer."

"Thanks," Dean reached out for it and twisted the cap. "We haven't really discussed this. I didn't want to just spout all this stuff at him without having some grasp on it. I think we both know I can be a little impulsive sometimes. Which is why I'm in this position anyway," Dean pulled long from the bottle before settling back on the table. "This must... god I must be sounding insane huh? It's weird, spending all this time in darkness. It makes you think strange things."

"It's gonna be okay ... and you know Dean, I think... you need to ..." John closed his eyes for a few moments. "Sam is a man," he shrugged, "I know you know him better than anyone else ... but sometimes, I think you protect him too much. Remember all those times you got so mad at me for treating him like he was different? Maybe ... you need to think about that."

"I'm not treating him like he's different," Dean bristled, eyebrows drawing together. "I'm treating him like I love him more than anything else in the world, which I do. And it's not like I'm not going to talk to him about this stuff. I just want to make a little bit of sense when I do." He brought his beer to his lips once more, pulling hard from the bottle.

"And, believe it or not, Dean - I'm trying to help. I know how much you love him... I do. I see it - when you're together. But ... you should be talkin' to Sam about this stuff- he doesn't need you to know everything, have all the answers. Your brother has never expected you to be perfect Dean, only you have expected that." John smiled sadly.

Dean frowned and rolled his shoulders against the tension, drumming his fingers along the bottle. "Yeah. You're right. I guess I need to accept that Sam doesn't necessarily need me to control things anymore." His lips twitched in a smile and he sighed softly. "So what's the plan? You gonna stick around for the surgery or...?"

"You're stuck with me," John laughed, "be the longest we all spent together in a long time."

"Yeah," Dean nodded, small chuckle in return. "Should be interesting. I think it'll be good for Sam. He... he gets really happy when we're all together." Dean smiled around his beer bottle before tipping the bottle back to finish off the contents. "Can you see him? He... I guess it doesn't matter if he comes back now."

"Sent him off did ya? In case I said something stupid?" John was grinning and took a swig of beer as he pulled the curtain back to peer out. "He's uh ... sitting on the hood of the car looking a bit like a lost puppy."

"It was more in case I said something stupid," Dean chuckled and shook his head. "Bring him on in."

Pushing up from his chair John yanked the door open, "Sam!!"

Sam looked up, hopped off the hood of the car and wandered back over to the room. It felt so strange to be sitting on the other side of the door, a little disconcerting. After all - normally - Dean only spoke to him; Sam wasn't naive enough to think Dean told him everything, in fact, he knew that his brother didn't tell him a lot of things. Sam was still the baby brother, the one who needed protecting. Slipping back into the room Sam shucked off his jacket, "bathroom," he mumbled and headed for the other room, closing the door behind him.

Dean sighed softly and rubbed at his forehead, "I think we're gonna need a few minutes. I... he may be a little upset with me." Dean shrugged and nudged at his beer bottle with the tip of his finger.

John scratched at the stubble on his face, "gotta get a room, shower and shave anyway... I'll call later? For dinner?" John headed toward the door once more.

"Yeah, for dinner," Dean nodded and listened to his dad leaving before pushing up and walking slowly toward the bathroom door. He laid his hand on the wood surface and said softly, "Sammy? You okay?" Dean hated the idea that he'd upset his brother but he'd explain it to him, make it better.

Sam pulled the door open, "m'fine, tired..." Sam brushed past Dean, dropping a hand to his shoulder for a moment before kicking his shoes off and sitting on the edge of the bed.

"You're upset with me," Dean said softly and turned toward the squeak of the bed, stepping forward slightly. "Sam... I don't... I wasn't trying to shut you out. I wanted to sort some things out in my mind before I loaded them all on you. I guess... I was kind of hoping dad would give me something to go on. Like... insisting we stop hunting or something and... Damnit I hate not being able to see how. How am I supposed to know how you're feeling?"

"M'fine, just need sleep," Sam let himself fall down onto the bed. It was new, Dean not being able to tell what he was feeling. Normally, Dean just had to glance at him - said he could tell by the way Sam held his body, how his fingers fidgeted, the emotion in his eyes. He curled on to his side. Lonely. He couldn't understand why but he felt strangely - lonely - his whole life, Sam had used notes, looks, and touches to communicate with Dean and now half of that language was gone. 

"Right, well then... I'll just let you sleep," Dean said softly and walked slowly across the room. That nagging feeling that had been growing in him since this whole thing began was reaching a breaking point. All at once Dean felt like he was losing his brother. Even if he got his eyesight fixed, it would take a good two to three weeks to start seeing clearing and up to a year for him to be back to normal. The damage would be done. Sam and he would never be the same again. Dean blew out a shaky breath and held his hand out until it bumped into the chair once more.

"Dean?" Sam's voice was raspy, his throat tired. "Could you, I want... I miss ..." he gave up and flopped his head back down on the mattress groaning.

Turning slowly, Dean crossed to the mattress and kicked off his boots. He did get some things, even without seeing Sam's expressions. "Sammy," he whispered, sliding up the bed until he could curve along his brother's body. "I don't wanna lose you," he murmured into Sam's hair.

"Lose me?" the shock was more than apparent in Sam's voice, "never..." He shifted, "it's just," he whispered, "I feel ... cut off, like..." he squeezed his eyes shut, frustrated. "Can't talk enough, you can't see... my words... and I ..." Sam buried his face in Dean's shoulder feeling the ever-lurking tears bubble up out of him. "Just miss you... us... and what if..." Sam couldn't even get himself to speak out loud the possibility that something might happen to Dean during the surgery. He knew it was only a slight possibility, but, if the last few days had been any indication of what it would be like to not have Dean... Sam was falling apart inside and all he had to deal with currently was struggling a little harder to communicate. Curling his fingers into Dean's shirt, he let his tears come, "sorry, just tired."

"I know," Dean said softly and wrapped his arms tight around Sam. "I miss us... I miss knowing you." Dean sighed shakily and pressed a hard kiss to the side of Sam's head. "We'll be okay. I'm gonna get better and we'll... we can make it through this. I know it. You sleep, I'll be here," he tightened his hold on Sam, stroking a hand through his hair slowly.

Sam pressed his eyes closed, not letting go of Dean's shirt. "'kay," he knew their Dad would be back soon but he wasn't going to waste a moment of being like this with Dean, not a moment.

Sam and Dean woke from their nap in the late afternoon and enjoyed a long stretch of kisses without exchanging a word. They broke what could have been hours later when John called and Dean smiled softly as Sam pressed the phone into his palm. Dean made plans for them to meet up and get dinner, insisting they go out because it was too depressing to stay inside. John suggested going to a nice place but Dean shook his head. He didn't want to make things harder than they had to be and it was safer to go somewhere he could eat with his hands without an issue. They talked quietly over the meal, Dean insisting Sam say as little as possible. It would be just their luck for Sam to overuse his voice and lose it completely.

After they ate they headed back home and Dean and Sam teamed up to play poker against their dad. Sam whispered the cards into his ear and they managed to win a good one hundred dollars before John caved and called in a night, mumbling about being beaten by his sons and needing to call Gloria before bed anyway. Dean couldn't resist teasing the man and how well trained he was. The moment the door was closed Sam held out his hand for his brother. He could hear Sam inhale, preparing himself to speak, but Dean laid his fingers over his lover's lips and backed him slowly to the bed. He spent the rest of the night reassuring Sam in the ways he knew best. Dean didn't need to see to know where to touch his brother to have the best affect on him.

As the days passed Sam's fear dripped off of him slowly. Hours passed and he learned that Dean did still know him, knew him maybe better than Sam had even realized. Sam started to wonder if he had ever expressed himself as well as he could have - had he grown up speaking. He'd made it such hard work for Dean to get to him, reach him through the wall of silence. It stayed in his mind as the hours ticked by, and he wondered how he could change things around and make things... better. 

Having their Father around was good. Good. They hadn't been a family for years and Sam thrived. The three Winchester's spent a lot of time together. John and Sam, although they never spoke of it, came up with things for them all to do that didn't require Dean's sight. It was a challenge. One afternoon the three men gathered in the Motel room and John insisted that Sam blindfold himself while his two sons competed to see who could disassemble a handgun and fit it back together fastest. Dean won. Sam insisted Dean had an unfair advantage because he'd been practicing, fine-tuning his senses. Dean launched across the table with his finely tuned senses and wrestled Sam to the floor. Soon enough the room was filled with laughter and Sam remembered the days of his youth.

More than halfway through the week their father turned up at the door at half past six and insisted they were going fishing. Dean was a little less than thrilled with the idea, especially since he and Sam had spent a late night continuing their researching, but Sam was up and ready to go within minutes, seemingly thrilled. Fishing was something Dean didn't have to put much energy into so he let himself be dragged along, especially since the promise of coffee was just a short car ride away. During the day they only shared quiet, occasional conversation but it was more comfortable than anything they had done up to that point. It was as though, finally all the pieces were exactly where they were supposed to be. It got Dean's mind churning.

Over a week of no sight and Dean was adjusting. It no longer seemed like such a daunting thing to shower alone - though Sam joined him more often than not, and he would have even if Dean could see - and crossing the room was something he could do at a normal pace. He still had his moments, when things were just a little too much, but the closer they got to the surgery date the more hope he felt. The day before the surgery they spent the morning discussing plans. It would be too much to try and stay at this motel for the two to three weeks after surgery so John insisted they follow him home and stay there for awhile. Dean could practically feel Sam's eyes on him, waiting for an objection, but Dean didn't have one and from the way Sam's leg bumped against his, it pleased his brother.

After lunch John excused himself, which had a lot to do with Dean pulling him aside and asking if they could have the rest of the day before the surgery tomorrow. Their dad seemed to understand without needing more information and Dean was pretty damn grateful for that. Nerves were beginning to work their way through his system and when they arrived back at the motel Dean didn't even wait for his brother before heading to the motel door, pressing his fingers into the wood and sighing softly. Of course it was locked and Sam had the key but at least his speed properly conveyed his urgency to be out of the public and alone with his brother.

Sam unlocked the door quickly, pushed it open and let Dean walk in. Blinking at the change in the light, Sam started at the hard line of Dean's shoulders. "Almost made it ... y'okay?"

"Yes," Dean insisted and walked into the room, toeing off his shoes and kicking them across the room. After a moment he turned toward his brother, listening for his breathing. "No. No Sam I'm really not," he said softly and half stepped forward. "Jesus I'm so fucking scared," the worse came out strained and shaky, and Dean was honestly a little surprised that he'd voiced them at all, but he needed Sam more than he ever had before even if that meant revealing the deep, dark truth.

For the briefest moment, Sam was taken aback - Dean ... scared... his whole life he had never heard those words. Maybe things were changing all on their own. Stepping forward quickly Sam pulled Dean into his arms. "Me too, but you know... " Sam whispered against his brothers cheek, "we're... it's gonna be okay... " Sam figured there probably weren't any words that would bring Dean any comfort, after all, there were no certainties.

Leaning into his brother's body Dean pulled in a deep lung full of air, preparing himself to continue, "You know I love you right? If... if anything should happen... you're strong. You can handle it. Go with dad, figure some things out. Stop hunting if you want, move on. But I'll always love you. You never forget that okay?" He whispered and leaned forward to rest his face alongside Sam's, breathing deeply to soothe the swell of nerves.

"Don't." Sam grasped his brother's shoulders and pushed him back so he could see Dean's face. "Don't. I don't ... I won't even think that. It's... you're mine." Sam's voice broke, "you're mine." He squeezed his eyes shut, listening to his brother struggling to breathe through his anxiety. He couldn't be without Dean. He couldn't.

"Okay, okay," Dean swallowed hard and reached out for Sam once more. "I just, it had to be said okay. I won't talk like that again. It's going to be fine and I'll be seeing again in no time, thank god," he forced himself to smile and tugged Sam back to him. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that."

"Yeah, you should have ... if it's what you're thinking..." Sam pressed his lips to Dean's forehead; nose tickled by his brother's half spiked hair. "It is going to be okay... if it's not... if something." Sam took a few moments, blinking as he looked down into his brother's sightless eyes. "If something happens to you..." Sam's voice dropped to a whisper, "my heart will be destroyed. I won't want to live... but I will. Dad... I'll stay with Dad... and you need to know that I will never love anyone the way I love you." He let his forehead rest against Dean's.

Dean smiled softly and brushed their noses together, "you better not." His hands slid up into twine through Sam's hair. "Luckily, you're not gonna have to worry about that. I'm going to be just fine," Dean knew he was trying to convince both himself and Sam but he expected that was pretty normal for anyone going into surgery. "Do you want to discuss what happens after or would you rather wait until... you know, until we know the surgery went okay." Dean tilted his head forward, brushing his lips along Sam's cheeks.

"Hmmm, after..." Sam sighed, "when I get to take care of you? Sponge baths? Lots of snuggling?" He smiled, loving the feel of Dean's smooth lips.

Dean chuckled softly and hummed, "sounds very good. Sponge baths and snuggling... and... research?" He asked with a slight smirk, stepping into Sam's warmth and wrapping arms tightly around him.

"Research, definitely." Sam slid his hands into Dean's back pockets. "Can I ask you something?"

"Duh," Dean laughed softly and dropped his head into the curve of Sam's neck, sucking softly along the flesh.

A small noise escaped Sam's lips and he stretched his neck to the side, "do you like it better now? Now I ... speak more?"

"Well..." Dean kissed softly along the skin, massaging his fingers in Sam's back. "I like the sound of your voice... and in this situation you didn't have much choice... but you know I'll never pressure you. Whether you want to speak or not..." Dean sucked on Sam's collarbone, hands sliding down to work under his shirt and up along his sides.

"But..." Sam licked his lips and shivered slightly, God Dean always knew just how to touch him. "Is it easier f..for you?" Sam's knees dipped as his brother's teeth clamped down on his shoulder.

"When I can't see..." Dean mumbled into his flesh and pulled back enough to tug Sam's shirt over his head, tossing it to the side before wrapping his arms low around Sam's back, dipping him back so his lips could slide down his skin. "I... I'll never complain about hearing you talk. But you know I can read you, when I can see, I know you. So I want you to do... is it getting more comfortable for you?" Dean couldn't help grinning against Sam's skin, feeling only slightly guilty that he was distracting from Sam's serious conversation.

"Comfortable?" Good luck trying to focus on words when Dean's mouth was everywhere on him. "Mhmmm," he murmured, "c..comfortable." His hands dragged up Dean's back fingers hooking under the bottom of his brother's shirt and dragging it up. "Comfortable..." he mumbled again.

Dean grinned against Sam's flesh and backed him in the direction of the bed. "Yes, comfortable," he chuckled and stepped back enough to allow Sam to pull his shirt off his body. "Seems like you're getting there," he said softly and dropped his hands down to Sam's waist line, tracing along the fabric before he worked the button free and slowly dragged the zipper down. "If you decide this talking all the time thing is something you want to do... I won't complain," he chuckled once more and leaned in to run his lips over Sam's chest again, "but I won't complain if you have days when you don't talk too. Okay?" Dean hummed softly and slipped his hands under Sam's boxers and jeans, pressing hard into his hipbones.

Eyelids fluttering closed Sam moaned softly, "'kay, but..." Sam swallowed as his fingers slid along Dean's waist to unfasten his jeans, "right now? I would agree to anything." Fumbling with the zipper for a few moments Sam slid his hand down over the bulge in Dean's boxers. It always sent little shock waves through his body, feeling the heat radiating off Dean - how much his brother wanted him.

"Sam..." he moaned softly, rolling up into the touch. His fingers shifted up to curl around the material and push down. Dean found that he actually didn't mind being blind in these times. It was just like doing everything in the dark, which wasn't unheard for them. His fingers curled around Sam's hips, pushing him down on the bed as he slid to his knees. Dean dragged his hands down Sam's legs until he felt the jeans at his ankles, pulling them off, slightly relieved that Sam had taken his shoes off sometime when they'd entered. He used his hands as a guide to spread Sam's legs wider, trailing up along smooth flesh until he caressed the soft curls along the base of his cock, heat radiating off Sam strong enough to feel without touching.

Dean leaned forward until his head touched Sam's chest, tilting up to kiss along flesh and nudge him back slightly. A small smile worked along his lips as his fingers curled around Sam's hard flesh and stroked up slowly, holding along the top until his lips connected with his flesh. As his mouth opened to slide down over the crown his fingers stroked slowly, guiding his way. Dean moaned softly along the warmth, Sam's familiar taste sparking along his tongue.

Sam fell back on one hand, holding himself up as his other hand moved over Dean's cheek and slid back through his brother's hair. Hips moving slowly, circling under his brother's touch Sam leaned back, arching up. "Dean..." Sam sucked hard on his bottom lip, God he always wanted more. There was never enough time, enough touching, enough. His heart was thudding already, shoving his blood through his veins at break-neck speed. Pressing his legs against Dean's shoulders Sam looked back down, watching his brother's lips stretch over the head of his cock. "Fuck..."

Dean's lips curved around the hard flesh in his mouth. He always enjoyed hearing how he affected Sam, the catch in his breath, the gasped words. Dean relaxed his jaw and sank lower down over Sam, hollowing his cheeks to apply the right type of pressure that always made Sam react. The skin beneath Dean's free hand burned into his palm as he slid his fingers down, massaging into his lover's balls slowly. Dean pulled back, blew over the wet flesh before dragging his tongue up along the underside and swirling slowly over the crown. "Mm Sam... you always taste so good," he blew out the words over the skin before opening his mouth over Sam once more, sucking a finger alongside the hard flesh to slick the digit before pulling it back and prodding gently down below. Dean moaned once more along Sam's flesh and released his hold on Sam to push down on his chest more, finger below circling around puckered flesh.

Sam fell back onto the bed, legs scrambling at the floor, "Jesus Christ Dean..." Sam's fingers curled into Dean's shoulders, his nails digging in as he arched forward to reach him. "Ooh..." maybe it was the nerves, the anticipation of things tomorrow, Dean's words -but Sam was on fire. Every touch of Dean's fingers, lips, body... anything ... and Sam's nerves lit up like a Christmas tree. "More..." he rumbled deep in his chest as he slithered his ass forward, sinking Dean's finger further into him.

A low growl worked through Dean chest and he pulled back completely, head lifting, finger slipping out, to curl his fingers around Sam's hips and shove him further up the bed. "Lube," he grunted and shoved down at his jeans and boxers, kicking them off as he crawled up the bed. He crawled up onto the mattress, reaching out to trail his fingers along Sam's legs as his brother shifted back on the bed. Dean covered his body, kissing along his chest and rubbing their hips together. "Need you," he moaned.

Sam reached under the pillow and snatched at the bottle of lube, missed, then pulled it out. He swore under his breath, hands clumsy and God he could barely see - his body was on overload... Dean's words shot through him and cranked up his want. Finally managing to stop his hands shaking enough to open the bottle Sam poured some lube in the palm of his hand and stretched his arm down to slide his hand around Dean's cock, covering his brother's hot flesh with the cool liquid. Sam was pretty sure he made a sound that was a whimper but he'd deny it later and then Dean's lips were on his again and he found it hard to care what noises he made.

It was a very good thing they found themselves in this position so often because Dean really didn't want to waste time with preparing him. "Fuck Sam I gotta..." he murmured, listening to Sam's quick inhale as he released his hold on his lube slicked flesh. He shifted Sam beneath him, hooking his legs up around his shoulders and lining himself up. Dean's head dropped back with a loud groan as he slid forward into tight heat, sucking in a deep breath. "God... love you..." he moaned, a long shudder coursing down his spine.

Sam's breath hitched in his chest as Dean plunged into him. It burned slightly, but Sam's body was used to Dean's - fitted to him perfectly just like they belonged together. Forcing breath into his lungs Sam panted through the slight pain, letting his muscles relax, focusing on the heat of Dean's body. Slipping his hands under his own body, Sam pushed his hips up higher off the bed and drawing Dean deeper. A moment of sadness washed over Sam as he gazed up at Dean's eyes. God he missed that, the way Dean's eyes held his as he fucked down into him. Brow furrowed Sam reached for Dean's neck, "kiss me..."

Dean hummed slightly and dropped down to his hands, pulling slightly out of Sam and rocking forward as he rubbed the side of his face along Sam's chest, up to his neck. He continued his gentle rocking thrusts as his lips tilted toward his brother's, brushing along skin before settling over Sam's mouth. Dean sucked in a quick breath through his nose, nostrils flaring as Sam clenched tightly around him. The gentle, shallow pace of his thrusts was a little mind bending but so fucking good Dean felt like he could just keep it up like this forever. There was nothing better than the way Sam's body curved into him, the quick rush of his breath. Dean slipped his tongue forward in gentle strokes to match his slow thrusts.

Rocking up into his brother, taking as much as Dean could thrust - Sam's body took over. His skin was tingling and flushed, tongue battling with Dean's. Dean's mouth was wet and hot, each thrust of his tongue sending little shivers down Sam's neck. Curling up off the bed he clung to Dean's shoulders body aching, leg straining as their bodies rocked together. The angle of Dean's cock hit just the right spot deep inside Sam and his body jolted off the mattress. Spine arching he moaned into his brother's mouth then tore his lips away to suck in a long deep breath of air. "Love..." Sam sighed out, the you lost somewhere between breaths.

Sucking in another deep breath Dean pushed up enough to quicken his thrusts down into Sam. He grunted heavily as he increased his pace, catching his bottom lip between his teeth. It soothed his mind, calmed her nerves, making everything shift and focus in on just Sam. With a long moan he dipped his head down, driving in deep with the pressure of Sam's legs wrapped around his hips, pulling him down hard. "Sammy..." he murmured, leaning down until his lips grazed flesh, sucking softly.

Their bodies touched everywhere Sam needed them to touch, perfectly fitted. Thighs quivering Sam gripped his brother with his legs, hips rolling up each time Dean pounded into him. Rock hard body, rigid cock, God Sam loved this, loved Dean. "Love..." Sam moaned and sucked in a breath, "love when you fuck me...." Dean's cock swept past his prostate again and Sam's spine twisted as his eyelids fluttered closed and heat flared once more in his body. Sliding his hand down his body Sam curled his fingers around the base of his cock and stroked in time with Dean's thrusts. "Harder..." he pleaded softly.

The only thing that made being buried in Sam better was when Sam chose to use words like fuck and harder. Dean made a mental note to mention that to Sam when they resumed their 'if he should talk more' conversation before he zeroed in on the task at hand once more. His fingers curled around Sam's flesh as he pulled completely out and slammed down hard enough to shift Sam up the mattress. He repeated the motion immediately, fucking hard into him, body rippling from the shock waves. "Fuck... not gonna..." he moaned out, giving his usual half warning to let Sam know just how close he was too losing control completely. He slammed forcefully down into Sam, headboard bumping up against the wall.

Sam planted one hand against the head board the other gripping Dean's neck. Wave after wave of desire washed through Sam's body; Dean's body slammed bruisingly hard into Sam's and he could feel his orgasm bursting through him, radiating out until his cock was pumping out come onto his belly. Nails scrapping down Dean's chest Sam growled out his brother's name as his body jolted and twitched, hips still rolling up into Dean's.

Dean came in long, shallow thrusts, barely making a noise as his release rocked through him. A soft, blissful sigh fell from him as he worked through the edges of his orgasm, body shaking slightly. "Mmm," he hummed as he dropped down over Sam's body, burrowing into his neck and panting softly. Dean could feel his heart racing, blood pumping loudly in his ears. His nerves about the surgery still lingered around his system but Sam had definitely calmed him, like he always would. Dean smiled against Sam's flesh and curled his arms into his side.

"That was," Sam panted, "l..loved that." He locked his arm around Dean's neck, keeping him close wanting them to stay locked together. He could feel Dean's heart beating, strong and hard against his chest and smiled lazily against his brother's hair. "Love you," he whispered, kissing Dean's ear softly. His free hand slid down Dean's back, damp with sweat and settled on the small of his back. Dean's muscles were still relaxing, Sam could feel them twitching under his palm. 

Still smiling Dean pressed a kiss to Sam's neck. "Love you too." He sighed softly around the words and imagined the look of post orgasm bliss Sam usually had. God he couldn't wait to see that again. Soon he told himself, squeezing Sam softly before gently withdrawing with only the slightest gasp.

Huffing Sam kept hold of his brother, "Stay... for a minute." He just wanted to feel the weight of his brother, Dean's presence. "Please," he whispered, committing to memory how it felt to be covered by his brother's flesh. "God, I love you so much..." Sam moaned and hooked a leg over Dean's so he couldn't roll away. "It almost hurts," he murmured.

Dean settled gently back over his brother and buried back into his neck, pulling in deep lung fulls of his familiar scent. "You're my everything..." he mumbled against the skin, not caring how cheesy it made him sound. Dean couldn't imagine a life without Sam, no matter how that life ended up. When it boiled down to it, he'd give up everything - even his car - as long as Sam was by his side. A small smile tugged on his lips as he rose and fell gently with Sam's breathing.

"Wow," Sam laughed softly, "everything ... I'm awesome." But he knew that Dean was well aware of how serious Sam was, the weight of the upcoming surgery was still there with them... just further away ... pushed aside for the moment. He lost track of time, feeling his brother's heart, breathing in the scent of them, hands moving over Dean's skin as it cooled. "Okay," he pushed gently on Dean's shoulder, "roll over..." Dean rolled to his back and Sam shifted to the edge of the bed and stood, padded over to the bathroom and returned quickly with a warm damp cloth. Smiling, eyes roaming over Dean's relaxed body Sam leaned down and wiped his brother's chest, stomach, cock and thighs. Maybe he didn't need to, maybe, maybe he just wanted to touch all of him. "Be right back." He slipped back into the bathroom, rinsed the cloth and used it to wipe himself clean. Thoughts of the next day started to creep back into Sam's mind and he hurried back to the bed, crawling over Dean and collapsing beside his brother in an exhausted heap.

Instantly, Dean's arms wrapped around Sam, holding him close even as he felt sleep pulling at his senses. They still had some time to kill and Dean wasn't too sure he wanted to sleep. It would only bring the surgery closer. He was glad their dad had stuck around, this way Sam wouldn't be alone during the wait time. There was nothing worse than sitting alone in the waiting room and hoping whatever news came wouldn't be bad. Dean blew out a shaky breath and squeezed Sam softly. "I'm gonna be okay..." he whispered, reassuring himself more than his brother.

It reminded Sam of when they were kids, when Sam would wake from a nightmare and slip into bed beside his brother. Dean would pull him close and would whisper to Sam, telling him dreams, fears and wishes. Sam smiled, eyebrows pulling together slightly, "you're going to be fine," he echoed, voice barely audible. "I'll be right with you as long as they let me," he kissed Dean's cheek, his chin, the corner of his mouth, "and I'll be right there when you're all fixed up."

"Good," Dean smiled and turned his head enough to catch Sam's lips in a soft kiss. Dean made himself think about seeing again, about how things would be better sooner rather than later. He knew he was strong enough for this, after everything they'd been through. "Nap time," he informed with a soft chuckle, not loosening his grip from Sam's body.

"Old man," Sam teased, but his eyes were already closed.

part 04 is now here

Master Post