"Gaila, please, I'm dying, please," Jim begs, and Gaila just laughs, not least because his desperation tickles. Jim's begging into her breasts, after all, between mouthing frantically back and forth, and she moans and trembles but holds fast, leaning her weight on his crossed forearms to pin him to the bed. Jim shimmies and squirms, sinews pulling beneath his skin as he flexes his wrists in her hold, but Gaila envisions her hands as living manacles and keeps him pinned securely enough so he can struggle as much as he wants.

She lets Jim beg as much as he needs to by ignoring him as best she can, despite every shiver his needy voice sends through her, and when she speaks it's to order, "Slower, Doctor Leonard." His response is an audible if muffled huff, and she giggles as he follows it up with a loud slow slurp that makes Jim shout a mouthful of enthusiastic consonants as he tries and fails to buck upwards. Leonard kneels at the foot of the bed, his hands wrapped beautifully around Jim's hips and Jim's cock filling his mouth, following Gaila's lead in driving Jim wild. "Perfect," she pants, watching his flickering pink tongue and full wet lips slide along Jim's tautly red cock. "Don't let him move a millimeter."

"Agh, God, fuck," Jim whines, frantically trying to rock his pelvis, his long thighs trembling either side of Leonard's head. He fits at least four syllables into "Bones," rubbing his soft-prickly cheeks between Gaila's breasts as he whimpers. "Bones, c'mon, it has to be contra-- shit your tongue's killing me all by itself come on please Bones, my heart's gonna blow!" Jim moans around her nipple and Gaila shudders, keeping herself from melting onto him only by envisioning the straight lines of her arms and the bridging arch of her spine. "Please, Bones, please, why won't you listen to me, please let me fucking come already!"

Leonard pulls up with another long lascivious slurp, all the way off so Jim's cock bobs shinily wet against his chin as Jim moans with loss. He arches his eyebrow and Gaila giggles as he says evenly though hoarsely, his voice suffused with a deep rumble as sweet as dark honey, "You do know it's Arbor Day, right?"

Gaila collapses over Jim, laughing almost too hard to breathe, and he wails against her breastbone as if he hadn't declared the holiday hers to begin with, "What's that got to do with --!" She cups his face between her hands, kissing him upside down as she rests her knee atop his unmoved wrists, and he pushes up only when she has him pinned again, moaning ardently as he kisses back.

"Well, then," says Leonard, trying for stern and missing by a parsec. "Miss Gaila?" She nods as best she can without letting up on Jim, and feels Leonard's fingertips skim the top of her head before she hears him resume, feels Jim tremble as the surge of pleasure reclaims him. Listening to Jim beg was fun, but now what she wants most is to feel him come, and she keeps kissing him, stroking his face as his tongue strokes hers, until his moaning breaks high and she can almost taste his joy.

When she pulls away from Jim to let him breathe Gaila looks up into Leonard's gold-and-green eyes as he pulls himself onto the bed, kneels over Jim's splayed form and reaches for her; as Leonard gives her a slick salty kiss, Jim presses his panting mouth to her thigh, and she hums happily, smiling against Leonard's warm lips. This has absolutely been her best, if first, Honorary Birthday.