“If I may make an observation?” Philomena softly inquires. 

“Please,” Alice returns. 

“You do not seem as fine as you say. Are things... progressing... poorly with...?” 

Alice blinks at her. Frowns. “Why would you think that of all things?” Her tone is too defensive, she knows, but – damn it – people should not assume that Tarrant is incapable of being a loving and gentle husband simply because he is occasionally mad and not a titled gentleman! 

“You are here... and you are not smiling so much it makes the very air as sweet as sugar. La... something is wrong.” She nods sagely to this announcement. “Why else seek the Queen’s counsel? And now? Your only thoughts should be of new love and all the pleasures that accompany it when unhindered by rules and chaperones!” 

“I’m afraid you are under another misapprehension, Lady Philomena—” 

“Call me Mena, please!” 

Alice feels a smile twitch the corners of her lips upward. “Mena. Tarrant and I discussed our... sudden marriage and... we’ve decided to complete our Courtship. Properly. ” 

“Properly?” the woman parrots. “But the two of you have been residing in the same room for nearly a week and—” 

“And we are still chaperoned,” Alice interjects firmly. “Although it has been lovely living together. Quite frankly, I’ve missed him. Before we began courting, Tarrant was my best friend,” she explains. “It’s wonderful to have that freedom back.” 

Philomena, to Alice’s surprise, grabs her napkin and dabs at her eyes. “Oh, la! Alice, you will ruin my face paint!” 

“I’m sorry...” 

“No, no! Do not be sorry, Alice! You have a love that would frighten most of us. That is why the White Court behaves the way it does, you know! To Open your Heart... oh, it is a wonderfully frightening business! And to share your Heart...! And the garden that follows...!” she shakes her head. “You are braver than any of us!” 

“What is so frightening about growing a garden with one’s Intended?” Alice asks. 

Philomena blinks at her for a minute and then exclaims, “La! But of course! You have already Seen into your husband’s Heart, through the Crown of Underland!” 

Alice’s brows twitch with Questions. Luckily, Philomena is very generous with Answers. 

“La! You know so very little about the Courting! It is a crime, Alice! You see,” Philomena explains, “the Garden must have all the phases of life within it – that is what it represents: your New Life with your Intended. There is the Flower Bed, of course!” She winks. “And the Fruitful Venture – that is what we all hope to gain through marriage, is it not? Sweet Rewards? – and the rather unfortunate Vegetative State followed by the Spice of Life!” 

Alice blinks. “That is... remarkable.” 

“Oh, la! But you have not learned the half of it! The purpose of the garden is to show the strength of your feelings for your Intended. That is why you Sew with a Thread of Conversation as you Speak From the Bottom of Your Heart! Not every Courting couple is offered the chance to Know the Heart of their Intended through the Crown of Underland! That is usually done by sharing the Fruits of Your Labors.” 

“The... fruits of...?” 

Philomena sighs dramatically, shaking her head. “No one has told you. For shame! Just because you already Know his Heart...! Alice,” she continues, “before a couple chooses to wed, they each nurture a fruit or vegetable of their choice, infuse it with their feelings for their Intended, and invite him – or her! – to take a bite. To have a Taste of Your Feelings.” 

“A taste of...” 

“La, yes! It is so romantic! The Queen should have explained! Although she is quite busy...” 

“I’m sorry,” Alice inserts before her new friend can rattle on about the Queen’s considerable responsibilities. “Are you saying that I can show Tarrant how I feel... through something I’ve grown in our garden?” 

“Yes! Precisely.” 

“Oh... well... that’s...” Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant! Alice grins broadly. Tarrant had encouraged her to plant a wide variety of greenery – flowers (of course), herbs, vegetables, and fruit (although he had blushed slightly with the last suggestion). She had even started a blueberry and raspberry bush the day before! Why, the magic of Underland permitting, she should be able to ripen those berries with her feelings for Tarrant – feelings which are growing; she can feel that very clearly! – and show him how she... that she... 

“I’m so glad you told me this, Mena,” Alice says, her mind swimming with possibilities. 

“La, it was my pleasure, Alice!” 

At the mention of the word pleasure , Alice blinks, returns to the present with a hard – if completely imaginary – thud! 

Yes. Pleasure. There is still that to work out. Alice hesitates, biting her lower lip as she weighs the vague inclination she had felt earlier, the notion of initiating the discussion she had Plotted to have with the Queen... with Philomena instead. 

Well, what could be the harm? Yes, perhaps the woman will gossip about it, but that will not reflect poorly on Tarrant, not if Alice phrases things delicately. Should gossip abound, Alice will be the only one to suffer any embarrassment... and then only if she does not arm herself against it! And, honestly, isn’t a little embarrassment only a small price to pay for Tarrant’s peace of mind? For the reassurance she owes him? 

“Mena,” Alice begins with Determination. 

“Yes?” 

“You were right earlier. About my reason for seeking out the Queen. I... may I speak frankly? About a personal matter?” 

“Of course you may, Alice! La, I may be rather fond of the sound of my own voice, but I can and do keep secrets!” 

Alice still cannot see how revealing this one will harm anyone other than herself, so she proceeds: “Before the end of our Courtship, I would like... That is, Above, women are not encouraged to... investigate the... pleasant aspects of... pleasure. Physical intimacy, I mean. I would like to know what to expect. And Tarrant has encouraged me to... research this so that... well...” Yes, how to conclude now that she’s started? Alice flounders. 

“La! Alice ,” Philomena sighs. Rather than looking embarrassed, she looks... sad. “Above is not kind to women, I think. Not if withholding such necessary knowledge from a woman is common practice!” 

“It is, I’m afraid. We are taught to preserve our virtue for our future husband, that marriage and childbearing are our duties. There is no mention of pleasure or enjoyment at all... except to warn us that women who do freely enjoy the... attentions of men are... not worthy of respect.” 

“La! That is an outrage! ” Philomena nearly shouts and then glancing around, lowers her voice. “There is no disrespect in enjoying such things, Alice! I hope someone has explained that marriage and even intimacies between two people are very different here in Underland!” 

Alice nods. “Yes, that has been made clear to me.” And if it had not been clear before, Philomena’s passionate objection would have settled her doubts on the issue. Alice smiles, touched that Philomena is so concerned for her. “But the enjoyment of... Well, my recent attempts to, er, explore that have been...” She gestures weakly, aimlessly, and winces. 

“Ah... I understand, Alice.” 

With a sigh of relief, Alice wets her dry mouth with a gulp of lukewarm tea and subsides as her companion gathers her thoughts on the matter. 

“Well, first of all...” the woman begins. “La! It has been so long since I have advised a woman on... these matters. Ahem, yes. Now... First of all, you must daydream of pleasant things. Desirable things...” 

Alice nods. “Yes, I have... employed that technique.” 

“You must be comfortable and feel safe,” she continues to lecture. 

Again, Alice admits that is true. (In fact, knowing that Tarrant is in the other room, separated from her by only his clothing and a single door, has enhanced the warm feelings tingling through her during her bathing time.) Alice is both relieved that she had been doing something right and disturbed that, despite that, she has not succeeded. 

“Perhaps having something that smells of him will assist...” 

Once again, that is a point Alice has covered – the bathing room smells of his soap which reminds her of how it combines with his own warm aroma and musk of arousal... 

“In addition, I would suggest that your technique of stimulation be slowed and... indirectly applied.” 

“Slowed? Lingering, you mean?” 

“Yes, just so!” 

“And... indirect?” Alice admits she cannot fathom how that would be done. 

Philomena considers her for a moment and then inquires, “Do you happen to have a silk scarf amongst your possessions? Or a sizable plume? La! Do you, by any chance, own a pair of leather gloves? Soft to the touch and with hidden seams?” 

“I do...” she says, recalling the pair she had found with her Royal Tailor-made winter wardrobe. Alice had arrived at Marmoreal with only the clothes on her back and a satchel containing her most precious possessions from her old life; the Queen had commissioned the Royal Tailor to make her a full wardrobe after the greetings had been exchanged and the Welcome Back tea ordered (a special brew reserved specifically for Homecomings). 

“Use those,” Philomena suggests. “Close your eyes, daydream, breathe deeply, linger your explorations and... wear those gloves. You’ll be very pleased with the results!” 

And because her new friend is so obviously confident of her own advice, Alice takes it... with thanks.