Bruce doesn't kiss the way Tony expects him to, like someone who's spent too much of his life getting what he wants. He's intense, focused, precise. Not that Tony's complaining, mind you. Sex is always better when the other person gives a shit. Tony's had enough crappy fucks to know that.

Tony's also fucked enough people to know that no one's this controlled during a make out session. Not without major issues, of course, and Tony considers asking Bruce about them before writing it off as tacky. Besides, he's here to get laid, not have a long discussion about Bruce's personal feelings. So he yanks at Bruce's tie, loosening it with a sharp tug, pulls away from Bruce's mouth to undo the buttons of Bruce's shirt. Bruce is obviously hard in his pants (Tony takes it as a compliment.), and for a moment, Tony considers undoing Bruce's fly and blowing him just like this, Bruce spread out on Tony's sheets, his suit messy and rumpled, his fingers tangled in Tony's hair. It's a pretty sweet image if Tony says so himself.

But on the other hand, Tony's a big fan of nakedness. Especially during sex. Which isn't to say that he hasn't had some truly fantastic sex with most of his clothes on, far from it. He does still remember that one time in Miami, after all. It's just that on average, naked sex is way better than clothed sex, and statistics don't lie.

He sheds his own clothes easily enough -- one of the advantages of years and years of practice -- and he loves the way Bruce's eyes follow him, dark and intense. Tony lets himself enjoy pushing Bruce's shirt off his nicely broad shoulders, exposing pale skin dotted with dark, fresh bruises.

"How'd you get those?" Tony asks, leaning in to lick one of Bruce's nipples, the one that's surrounded by a blue-violet splotch that must have hurt like a bitch when it happened.

Bruce hisses through his teeth, his body pulling tight in pain or arousal or both. "Polo," he says in a way that's a total lie, but Tony lets it pass. It's the first time tonight that Bruce has really let his mask slip, and Tony wants to see if he can make it fall away entirely. Purely in the interest of science, of course.

Tony bites down, delighting in the feel of Bruce trying to control his reaction and failing. Tony loves the way Bruce's muscles clench, all that power just underneath his skin, and it's like the best V8 engine Tony's ever put together by hand except better. It's pretty obvious that Bruce has been toning his body for something, but Tony'll worry about that after they've both gotten their rocks off.

"I could fuck you like this," he says conversationally. "I could just lube you up and fuck you right now." There's a huge bruise that goes up Bruce's hip, and as Tony pulls down Bruce's pants, he imagines pressing down on it as he slides in. Tony's dick likes that idea a lot. From the looks of it, Bruce's dick does, too.

"Do you ever shut up, Stark?" Bruce asks, and his voice is deeper and rougher than usual. One of his hands wraps around the back of Tony's neck, pulling him up so they're face to face again.

Tony rubs his thumb over Bruce's hip, a light touch, not enough to make it really hurt. "Nope," he says, and he can't keep the shit-eating grin from forming, really. Then he presses down hard on the bruise, enjoying Bruce's full-body shiver, and leans in close so Bruce can see the challenge in his eyes. "But you can try and make me."