On nights when it's warm they eat out in the garden, sitting on the cool stone steps leading down from the house to the grass. Jeremy sits on the top step, stretching his legs out, and James sits beside him on the step below. Jeremy feeds James bits of bread and cheese; James rolls his eyes, but secretly he likes the romance of it, likes the way Jeremy still insists on wooing him, even after all this time. He parts his lips and takes the bite, scraping against the tips of Jeremy's fingers as they pull away. Jeremy's grey eyes glimmer in the dusk light, fixed on James' mouth as he chews and swallows.

"Another?" Jeremy says, voice low. James lifts his wineglass to his mouth and takes a sip and then, deliberately, licks his lips.

"Please."

Jeremy breaks off another piece of bread and another piece of cheese, and lifts them between his thumb and forefinger. The wind blows James' hair into his face, and he tosses it away before leaning forward to take the morsel from Jeremy's fingers, this time with a little more tongue. He can feel Jeremy's shudder, from where Jeremy's leg is pressed up against his own. Jeremy lifts one bare foot and presses it down on top of James'.

"Tease," he says. James grins.

"Mmm hmm."

They only get through a bit more bread before Jeremy loses his patience, slides his arse down to the bottom of the steps and turns, settling himself between James' legs. He unzips James' fly and pulls his cock out with casual familiarity, then sucks him down, breath puffing hotly over the exposed skin. He sucks as slow as he can manage, which isn't very, but to James it doesn't matter because it's so fucking good in any case, Jeremy's agile tongue flickering over his slit, Jeremy's hands, heavy and strong on his thighs.

James throws his head back, bracing himself on his elbows. Dimly he registers his glass tipping over, spilling wine into the potted geraniums. Jeremy sucks him deeper, groaning happily, and James comes watching the stars come out and thinking, please and yes and Jeremy, Jeremy, Jeremy.

Afterward, he looks down, and though Jeremy's face is mostly invisible in the dark, James knows every inch of it as well as he knows his own. He reaches out, hand going unerringly to Jeremy's mouth, which is wet where James' thumb presses against it.

"Still hungry?" Jeremy says.

"Not for bread," James says. "Come inside."