Alena always had a penchant for picking up strays. As a child she would sneak animals in from the street, nursing them back to health in the privacy of her room. Her parents had scolded her relentlessly, forcing her to turn the poor creatures back out in the elements. She resented them in her youth, though she had come to understand in her later years. It was a difficult lesson to learn, that she could not save them all. Even now, in her college years, she struggled to restrain herself. She just couldn't help herself when she saw an animal in need, she yearned to take them beneath her wing. She felt the same drive when she looked at Mia. Something about the girl reminded her of a stray kitten.
Mia was a small girl who sat in the row in front of Alena in her afternoon calculus class. Her build was thin and frail, almost sickly. She had a pale, milky complexion with a spattering of freckles across her nose and cheeks. Alena found herself staring longingly at the girl's fiery red mane, pining to reach out and stroke it. She was a quiet girl who seemed to avoid confrontation and conversation at all costs. When the professor called on her, she withered beneath the gaze and attention of her peers. Alena found herself bewitched by the curious girl. She was not traditionally feminine. She rarely wore makeup and dressed in unassuming clothing. As far as she could recall, Alena had only seen her long sleeve shirts and jeans, even in the dead heat of summer.
Alena was hesitant about approaching Mia, concerned that she would scare her off. The last thing she wanted was to send her bolting. In her childhood she had learned to approach vagrant animals with caution and care. She started slowly, catching her one day after class. "Hey," Alena began softly. Mia flinched visibly, jumping at the greeting. "Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you."
"H-hey," she responded meekly.
"My name's Alena, I sit behind you in calc."
"Mia."
"It's nice to meet you Mia," she noted, giving her best winning smile.
The other girl shrank back timidly. "L-likewise."
"I didn't catch the assigned reading, any chance you can help me out?" Of course, that was a lie, but she wanted to get her foot in the door.
"Isn't it on the syllabus?"
Shit. She hadn't thought of that. "Err, I suppose you're right, sorry to bother you." Alena flashed a guilty grin before scampering off.
Over the next week she continued to approach her in small doses. Slowly but surely, she worked her way into Mia's shell. By the fourth or fifth day, the other girl even responded to Alena's greetings with a smile. Holy shit, that smile made her knees weak. Before Alena knew it, she was falling fast. She spent every moment she could at Mia's side. Even so, it was never enough. She wanted more.
"Let's go out for drinks sometime," Alena suggested one afternoon.
Mia's expression exuded sheer terror. "Me?" She asked incredulously, her seafoam green eyes wide and frantic.
"Duh, who else?"
"I don't really go to bars," Mia explained. Alena did her best to conceal her disappointment, but it must've shown in her expression. "B-but I could try," she added nervously.
Alena perked up. "It's no pressure. If you'd prefer, we could always just drink at mine."
Mia agreed, giving Alena her phone number to text her the address. Alena spent the rest of the afternoon cleaning and preparing for her visit. She found herself strangely nervous. It wasn't like Mia was the first girl she'd taken home. Alena was fairly popular with the ladies. She was tall and statuesque, with a warm ivory complexion. Her build was slim and muscular. Extensive exercise had rewarded her with a lean but defined six-pack, and toned legs. Her dark brown hair was kept relatively short, styled with a trendy undercut on one side. She had intense caramel colored eyes and sharp, angular features. Hey skin was adorned in dozens of tattoos of varying complexity and palette. She was proud of her body art, displaying it openly any chance she got.
Alena selected a casual outfit, not wanting to overwhelm Mia. She put on a set of lacy black undergarments, on the off chance she happened to make some progress in her conquest. She picked out a deep V-neck shirt that showcased her curvaceous figure, and a pair of jeans shorts which drew the eye to her long, sleek legs. With some subtle touches of makeup, she was ready for her visitor. Mia arrived at her door just as the sun crept below the horizon. She wore a lavender long sleeved sweater, with a tank top underneath, and her iconic slim fit jeans. It was apparent how exceedingly nervous she was. Alena felt slightly guilty, knowing her own intentions were less than pure.
Alena greeted her enthusiastically, struggling to contain her excitement. She showed the small girl in, directing her to couch. The apartment was modest, and far from spacious. The kitchen and her bedroom were visible from the lounge area. Some called it claustrophobic. She preferred the term cozy. All things considered; she didn't need much space. The accommodations were cheap and suited her needs at a basic level. Alena's rent was paid largely in monthly stipends provided by her estranged parents. Though she did not tend to get along with them, they always made sure to provide for her. She lived alone, and always had from the moment she headed off for college. Alena rarely cooked, so kitchen space was superfluous. She was more likely to burn the place down than cook something edible, so she ordered in most of her meals.
"Can I get you something to drink?" Alena offered.
"Wine?" Mia inquired hopefully.
"Red or white?"
"Whatever you have that's sweet."
Alena grabbed a whiskey for herself and joined Mia on the love seat couch, setting the wine on the small coffee table. She didn't cuddle up too close, making sure to respect Mia's boundaries. After the third glass or so Alena decided to cut Mia off, much to the smaller girl's dismay. She never would have guessed that she was such an avid drinker. Either way, Alena wasn't in the habit of preying on wasted girls. A little liquid courage was fine, but she didn't want to go too far. The effects of the alcohol were clear against Mia's pale complexion. Her cheeks were flushed red, and she kept fidgeting with her sweater. The girl was so precious and helpless, Alena just wanted to devour her whole.
"You look a little warm," Alena observed. "Do you need to take that off?" Mia blanched. Maybe that was a little too much. "I just want to make sure you're comfortable," she assured her.
"I'm fine," Mia replied, shaking her head adamantly. Alena could tell she wanted to, but something was holding her back.
Alena placed her hand on Mia's leg. The girl flinched slightly. "You really don't have to if you don't feel up to it." Mia pouted, clearly conflicted. Those sullenly pursed pink lips looked incredibly appetizing after a few drinks. She moved her hand further up Mia's thigh. The small girl's expression changed as she suddenly realized Alena's intentions. She blushed, her entire neck and face shifting to a bright red. This girl was so easy to read.
"I-I don't think that's a good idea," Mia murmured sheepishly.
"Why not?"
"You don't want anything to do with someone like me." There was that wistful pout again.
"I am fairly certain I do."
"I-I'm no good for someone like you. I don't have any experience."
"I'm a patient teacher," Alena responded, scooting in closer. She had suspected as much and was actually looking forward to training the naive girl.
"I'm damaged and broken," Mia added dejectedly.
Alena gave her a comforting smile, pressing right up against Mia's arm. "Most people are sweetheart; it doesn't bother me. We can work on it together."
"I'm not looking for a fling."
"We can make this serious. I've had my eye on you for a while Hun," Alena admitted.
Mia's expression turned strained and distressed. "I'm transgender," she blurted out.
That was one Alena wasn't expecting. Her eyebrows shot up in surprise. She had to say, the small girl passed remarkably well. "That doesn't bother me," she replied with a shrug.
Mia looked up at her in astonishment. "I... really?"
Alena leaned in, whispering in her ear. "Really."
"B-but I don't top," she explained, wringing her hands.
Alena couldn't help but chuckle a little. She reached up, gently turning the small girl's chin to face her. "Do I seem like the submissive type?" Mia opened her mouth to voice another objection, but she could not think of any other excuses. "Anything else?" Mia shook her head meekly. "As long as you're fine with me, none of that bothers me."
"O-of course I am," Mia exclaimed. That was all the encouragement Alena needed.
Alena leaned in for a kiss. Mia was obviously inexperienced, as she had noted, but she was a fast learner. Alena ran her hand through her curly crimson tresses as their lips locked. As the small girl became more accustomed, she gently coaxed her mouth open. Mia gasped as the other girl's tongue invaded her mouth, exploring it eagerly. Alena expertly navigated her orifice, enticing Mia's tongue to wrestle with her own. They whirled and writhed against one another in a swirling embrace. As Alena pulled back, she sucked lightly on the other girl's tongue. Mia was left panting from the overwhelming experience.
"Was that your first kiss kitten?" Alena inquired affectionately.
"N-no! Not my first," Mia pouted.
"So sweet and innocent," she noted with a smile. "Is it alright if we take this off?" She asked, indicating the sweater. Mia nodded hesitantly.
Alena tenderly pulled the sweater over her head. Mia had a slight build with few curves. The tank top hugged her torso in a pleasant manner, and she wore a thin sports bra beneath that emphasized her budding breasts. As the garment came off, Alena understood why the other girl was so hesitant. Nearly the full length of her arms was covered in scars of varying sizes and shapes. Some indicated some level of abuse. She had a number of cigarette burns, despite not showing any signs of smoking. Others appeared self-inflicted, such as the long lateral scars that spanned the length of her forearms. There were dozens, if not hundreds of the thin white stripes. Some were long since healed, and others were inflamed as if more recently acquired. Mia shrank back anxiously.
Alena carefully ran her hand along the length of her arm. The shivering girl reminded her now more than ever of a stray kitten, the scars along her arms reminiscent of a tabby's pattern. Alena swallowed the lump in her throat, overcome with a mixture of fury and heartache. She wished she could get her hands on whomever caused her so much pain. She could see tears forming at the corner of Mia's eyes. Alena hugged the quivering girl to her body. "Oh honey... It's alright." Mia bawled into her shoulder, her hands gripping Alena's shirt with melancholic desperation. Alena stroked her hair in a comforting gesture, allowing the small girl to grieve for a while.
The two sat for a while, Alena cradling the crying girl. Mia eventually calmed down, wiping tears from her cheeks and eyes. "I'm sorry," she mumbled hoarsely.
"It's okay Mia. It doesn't change a thing," Alena soothed her softly.
"It doesn't?"
"Of course not, just please promise me you won't do it anymore," Alena pleaded somberly as she traced a finger across a more recent cut.
"I'll try," Mia responded apprehensively.
"Good girl." Mia's expression brightened a little at Alena's praise.
They watch television for a bit longer. Alena hooked her arm around the small girl's slender waist. Mia curled up, nuzzling in her embrace. As they watched the screen in front of them, Alena gingerly slipped her hand beneath the fabric of the other girl's tank top. Goosebumps raised on Mia's arms in anticipation. She traced her finger along her waist and abdomen, delighting in the petite girl's squirming. Alena pulled Mia onto her lap with ease, eliciting a surprised yelp. An impish grin crossed her lips. She enjoyed how compliant and reactive Mia was. She was going to make a wonderful pet.
Mia let out muffled moans as Alena's hands worked across her torso and up to her chest. Her nipples were already rigid, betraying her enthusiasm. The girl wriggled in her lap as she pinched one between her fingers. Alena pulled the hem of her tank top up, then her bra as well. Mia averted her gaze in embarrassment as her nubile bust was exposed. Alena turned her around, placing Mia to straddle her lap with a surprised squeak. She leaned down, sucking on her breasts. Mia did her best to muffle her erotica mewling as Alena flicked her tongue around her areola. She let out a particularly lewd squeal as Alena bit down lightly on her nipple.
With her legs splayed across Alena's lap, Mia struggled to hide her excitement. Of all the revelations that evening, the petite girl's significant endowment was perhaps the most shocking. A sizeable bulge had begun to show in her tight fit jeans. Alena found herself becoming flustered as Mia gyrated on her lap, the impression of her appendage rubbing against her leg. Alena reached down, cupping it in her hand. Mia whimpered with need from her touch. Alena undid the button and pulled down the zipper on the other girl's jeans. Beneath the garment, Mia's purple cotton panties struggled in vain to contain her enormous member. Alena stared in shock for a moment, caught off guard by Mia's disproportionately large sex.
Alena reached in, grasping Mia in one hand. Admittedly, it was a fairly new experience for her. Alena had been exclusively interested in women for the majority of her life, save for one experimental phase, and had limited involvement with transgender girls. She had no trepidation in approaching them, as genitals were largely irrelevant to her. She tentatively massaged Mia's warm extremity. Mia moaned loudly, bringing a grin to Alena's lips. She ran her thumb along the base and top of her tip, her fingers becoming slick with precum. Mia quivered pleasurably. Her chest heaved with ragged and frantic movement; her breath hot against Alena's neck. "W-wait, slow down," Mia begged as the other girl continued to fondle her.
Alena had no such intentions. She continued to pump her hand up and down along the length of her. "Not happening sweetheart," she informed her with a wicked smile.
"But I can't hold it," Mia whimpered in response. The small girl was so sensitive and cute, how could Alena resist?
"That's alright kitten, I want you to cum," Alena whispered seductively in her ear.
Mia only lasted a few more moments before she shook, releasing her load across Alena's abdomen. The thick white substance dripped down the length of her, soiling both of the girl's clothes in the liquid. Mia opened her mouth to apologize, though Alena hushed her quietly. Before she moved the small girl from her lap Alena decided to mark her property, leaving Mia with a large purple spot on her neck. "Let's get cleaned up," Alena noted tenderly, helping Mia to her feet.
Their exchange warranted some laundry, as both of their outfits were suitably coated in Mia's ejaculate. Alena lent her a baggy shirt and some leggings. The latter did little to hide Mia's endowment, causing both girls to blush heavily. Mia slept in Alena's queen size bed, positioned as her little spoon. Alena woke up feeling more rested than she had in ages. Something about having the tiny feline-like girl in her arms made her sleep better than she could've ever imagined. Mia awoke with a start, her face blooming in scarlet hues as she recalled the moment they shared. Alena giggled delightedly at her obvious embarrassment.
Alena got up and began preparing for the day. When she got out of the shower she was greeted with a delightful smell. It was not often that she was treated to such appetizing aromas, as her kitchen was more for show than function. She was pleasantly surprised to find Mia cooking in the other room, wearing an apron that Alena's mother had given her ages ago. She'd never worn it. It was pink and frilly, far from Alena's usual style. Besides, the closest thing she'd come to cooking since getting it was ramen, which hardly required such extravagant measures. Either way, it looked quite fitting on the small girl now. Alena slipped up behind her while she worked, putting her arms around her waist. Mia squeaked in surprise.
"What's on the menu kitten?" She inquired cheerily.
"It's nothing special. There wasn't much to work with." Alena grinned sheepishly. Her fridge was woefully empty. She would have to do something about that if Mia planned on sticking around more often. "A-and why do you keep calling me that?"
Alena shrugged. "You just look like one. If I put ears and a tail on you, you'd be the spitting image." Mia's face turned red. She was joking at first, but the idea was suddenly more appealing. "I would love to dress you up," she teased. Mia shook her head no, though her expression betrayed her hidden interest. "By the way, someone is coming by in a bit to grab some stuff."
"O-oh, I'll see myself out when I'm done."
"You don't have to do that. I've got no intentions on hiding you if you feel up to staying," Alena noted soothingly. "He shouldn't be here long anyway. He's just picking up his wallet. Idiot left it here drinking the other day."
As she finished speaking, the doorbell chimed. Alena opened it to find Thomas waiting on the other side. The two had dated rather briefly during Alena's experimental phase a couple years back. Since then, they had remained friends. "I smell something that isn't takeout or caustic fumes," he observed, sniffing pointedly at the air. "You have company?"
"Yup."
"About time you found a girl who could cook. You'd be dead by thirty if you kept on eating fast food for every meal," he snarked as Alena let him in.
"What can I say? I live life dangerously," she responded sarcastically as she headed to the coffee table to grab his wallet. As she turned, she found Mia and Thomas locked in a staring match, both sporting horrified expressions. "You've met, I take it?" Alena inquired with a grim tone.
"Yeah," Thomas grumbled, frowning distastefully.
"Don't tell me you dated." Thomas was a good guy, but she has no intentions of letting go of Mia for the sake of their friendship. She was already unreasonably attached to the petite girl.
"He's my brother." Oh shit, well that definitely complicated things. Alena glanced back and forth between them. The two looked nothing alike. Thomas was tall, with dark brown hair and rugged features. It was hard to imagine any familial relation to the delicate redhead. Thomas must've noticed her confusion, as he clarified, "my dad remarried when I was in elementary school. My step-mom already had a kid."
Poor Mia looked ready to dart in any direction, though she remained frozen still for the moment. A coil of smoke began to rise from the oven. Mia let out a yelp as she salvaged the meal from the hot burner. "Please tell me you're not fucking my brother," Thomas growled, noticing the dark purple mark on Mia's neck.
Alena was shocked enough to overlook the misgendering the first couple times, but she had to put her foot down. She could see Mia's expression visibly darken each time. "You know I don't fool around with guys anymore." Alena didn't want to out Mia to her family, but she felt driven to defend her when she saw the helpless girl quivering in fear. "I am dating your sister though."
Thomas didn't care for that one bit. His eyes went wide with indignation, his fists clenching. "I am not in the mood for this," the boy hissed, snatching the wallet from Alena's hand. "Michael, were going."
Alena arched her brow curiously at his hostile tone. She stepped in his pathway as he headed for Mia. "We have a previous engagement. I'm sure you understand."  
Thomas looked like he was on the verge of popping a fucking blood vessel. She would've laughed at his visceral frustration if the atmosphere wasn't so serious. He stopped in his tracks.
Despite having a few inches on Alena, she was confident she could knock him on his ass with relative ease. She had taken a fair amount of self-defense classes provided on campus, as well kick boxing for exercise. She was scrappy as hell, tough as nails, and not one to shy from a fight. Thomas, having been aware of all of those characteristics, retreated a step. Without another word he turned and left, slamming the door behind him.
Mia could no longer contain her emotions as tears rolled down her alabaster cheeks. Alena rushed to her side, throwing her arms around her in a protective embrace. "I'm sorry kitten," she whispered, stroking the girl's crimson hair soothingly in an effort to stem her tears.
"Thank you," Mia muttered weekly, hugging Alena tightly.
The two sat down and ate breakfast quietly. Despite being slightly burnt, it was the best food Alena had in ages. She couldn't remember the last time she had a home cooked meal. She insistently voiced her approval, managing to coax a small grin from Mia. After breakfast they sat on the couch together. Mia quickly dozed off in Alena's arms, twitching and murmuring quietly as she slept.