Emrys had had to do some fast talking to persuade the Druid council of the merits of his plan, but in the end, they knew they didn't have the power to oppose him and all of them liked the idea of humiliating Uther.

By the time he'd finished though, he was more than ready for the chance to play with his new toy. He could feel a quiet feedback at the back of his mind from the collar, as Arthur had relaxed a little at the chance to wash, but soon tensed again as he remembered just what he had to look forward to. There was no panic, though, he was happy to feel, he wanted to pleasure his captive into submission, not terrify him.

Now he could relax, and be Merlin again for a while, not just the all-powerful prophesied leader.

He entered his tent to find Arthur standing naked next to the washing water, wanting to meet his master again on his feet. Merlin understood the impulse and decided not to order him to his knees immediately, tempting as it was.

"Did you enjoy your bath? No? Well, don't worry, I'll get you dirty again soon enough."

Arthur flinched a little at the thought, but held himself still and didn't speak.

"Still so proud. You'll learn your place soon enough, don't worry. You have as much or as little control as I allow you." Merlin stepped forward to run his hand down Arthur's face and rub his thumb over his lips again, and was pleased to see them open slightly, involuntarily, showing how Arthur was already learning to take pleasure from the gesture.

Through the boring meeting he'd been busy fantasising about all the ways he could enjoy his new plaything, but now it came to it he realised what he wanted most was to show Arthur just how pleasurable being his lover could be. He could tell himself it was about humiliating Uther, but the fact is he wanted this beautiful young man as a willing partner in his bed.

He stepped back and quickly removed his clothing, not deliberately putting on a show, but pleased to see that Arthur was watching, and it wasn't fear in his face, more the wary fascination of prey for a predator. Merlin was already half-hard as he stepped forward to embrace Arthur for the first time, naked skin to skin, and teased his way into his mouth. No stranger to kissing, at least, the court ladies had obviously taught him well. Merlin took full advantage of his shock at being treated so tenderly, instead of the rough treatment he was expecting, and steered him over to the bed and down onto the sheets before he had chance to think.

It didn't take much, just a little feeding of Merlin's desire back through the collar, and Arthur was completely helpless, swept away by the teasing touches, kisses and bites that were applied to his neck and chest. His nipples tightened under Merlin's gentle torture and Merlin smiled, thinking of all the interesting ways he could stimulate his sensitive lover. Oh, yes, he was perfect, he could have been made specifically to fulfill Merlin's every need.

He wanted to move beyond teasing, though, and he rolled Arthur onto his side, facing away from him. The easiest way, for a first time, and so the best to ensure he took as much pleasure in it as Merlin did. Arthur's cock had already responded to the teasing he'd received but now Merlin touched it in earnest, and it only took a couple of strokes for it to be fully hard.

"Touch yourself," Merlin said, guiding Arthur's hand to the base of his cock and showing him the slow strokes that would keep him on the edge. "I don't want you coming until I'm inside you but I wouldn't want it to feel neglected." So far Arthur had been almost silent, trying to maintain some kind of control under the onslaught of pleasure Merlin was bringing him, but at that he moaned, for a moment wanting something he'd been so sure he'd never succumb to.

"Don't worry, it won't be long now," Merlin comforted him, as magic slicked his fingers and he started to stroke them along Arthur's cleft, halting briefly on each stroke to push gently against his hole, until he started to push back against it, rocking his hips back and forwards between the slow tease of his hand and the pressure on his most sensitive spot. He'd stopped trying to control his noises now, and Merlin knew that it wouldn't take much longer for the cries of "Please" and "More" to escape the control he was still trying to maintain.

On the next stroke he pushed one finger right inside, breaching the virgin hole, giving Arthur a hint of the pleasures still to come. Arthur's hips stilled for perhaps a few seconds then he carried on rocking, fucking himself on first one, then two of Merlin's fingers. He was freely begging now, all control gone, except Merlin's that kept his hand moving slowly on his cock and his hips moving lazily, stretching himself deeper, ready for the ultimate possession his body was starting to crave.

Merlin waited a little longer, enjoying the sight of Arthur completely undone, hopefully the first of many times, but then took pity on his cock, which was desperate to be buried in the tight, clinging heat he could feel around his fingers. Slowly and gently he took final control of his prize, rejoicing in the knowledge that he was the first man to make Arthur feel like this.

Even Merlin's control had its limits, though, and as he started to fuck in earnest he leant over and pulled Arthur's hand away from his cock. "Come," he said and as Arthur's climax swept over him, he pulled Merlin with him, both of them collapsing in pleasurable exhaustion.

Arthur didn't need much pushing at all to fall into a deep and apparently dreamless sleep but Merlin lay there holding him, planning for their future together. And if that involved more fondness for the brave, beautiful man in his arms than he liked to admit, that was his business, and no one else's.