Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart; they both belong to their respective owners. I do own bits of the plot and my OC.

Warning: Character death, blood

Chapter Fourteen: A New Purpose

And so it came to be that the King and the Prince were reunited
Through the efforts of a lady with love unrequited

Tèa gently patted her son's back, smiling as he burped and pulling him from his place on her shoulder to cuddle him close. She stroked his back as she moved silently to the entryway, peeking at the colors that were splayed across the sky as the sun rose. She leaned against the frame, smiling at the scene before her; a village waking up in the early spring, the men staggering out to their jobs as the women begun their day. This was the sight that she wanted to continue to see for the rest of her life, with only one thing missing in the equation. Tèa ran her hand through the soft fuzz that was on her son's head. She still missed Yugi.

The brunette sighed, giving her son a kiss on his forehead, stroking his cheek with a finger as he blinked up at her. Her son, despite his small size, had survived long enough to be given a name. Tèa turned to go back inside, her mind drifting as she took one last look outside. Her thoughts were occupied with the perfect name, not allowing her to recognize the oddity of the scene in the village.

At first, the short man standing in the lane didn't bother her. It wasn't until she saw the glint of iron in the rising sun that she gasped and clutched her son closer to her as she backed away. The man laughed, adjusting his hold on the sword as he stepped forward. He made a small motion, a mere moment passing before a green dragon flew low over the village, breathing a stream of fire. Tèa jumped as the screaming started, attempting to calm her son as he started to cry at the noise. Her head snapped up as the man spoke. "It was easy to find you, girl. Now, hand over the child."

"No!" Tèa rushed from the small house, running towards the manor house. If she could get to Mahad, he would be able to keep her safe. He had promised. She gasped for breath as she began to dodge around the men who were rushing from their tasks. Tristan grabbed her as she ran by, looking panicked as he stared up at the dragon. Tèa clung to her friend with her free hand. "Gozaburo is after me! He knows I'm here!"

"Go to Mahad." He gave her a shove in the same direction she had been running before joining the flow of men again. Tèa nodded to herself before breaking into a run again, glancing down at her son.

"Don't worry," she whispered to the sobbing baby, "everything will be fine. Nothing will get you, I promise."

His screams increased at the sound of trees breaking. Tèa spun around to see a black dragon pushing out from the dense forest, roaring in fury. She hesitated before rushing onward, her panic rising. Now there were two dragons, which made it more difficult to escape. She tried to run faster as she reached the open land between the village and the manor house, stumbling over the uneven ground. Tèa came to a stop after her third near fall, turning to look back at the place she had called home, only now realizing that she was crying. Hastily, she wiped the tears from her eyes and turned back towards her destination, picking up a stumbling run. She sighed in relief as she saw soldiers beginning to run towards the village. The next moment, she slipped, quickly turning herself so that she would take the brunt of the fall. The wind was knocked out of her on impact, the world spinning around for a moment before she was able to move.

Dazed, she turned her head to the side, eyes widening as she saw the knight walking calmly toward her. Tèa scrambled to her feet, shifting the hold on her son as she started to back away. Another roar drew her attention briefly to the dragons, the black dragon grabbing onto the green one and forcing the other's neck up to cut off the flames. The knight grunted and reached up to massage his own neck before dropping his hand and continuing his own advance. "Just hand over the child and I'll let you go. You're a pretty enough girl. I'm sure that you deserve only the best. After all, it will save your life. One worthless child for your own life."

"Go to hell!" Tèa snapped at the knight. How could he call her son worthless? How dare he assume that about her? How dare he think that she would willingly give up her son's life for her own? She glanced down at her son, her anger softening as she gazed at him, reaching out to wipe a few tears from his face, before returning her gaze to the advancing knight. Her eyes widened as she saw Tristan running up behind the man, gesturing for him to get away.

He didn't listen to her, throwing himself at the night. "Get away from her!"

The knight snorted and turned around, slashing his sword across Tristan's throat before he turned back around with a roll of one shoulder. Tèa watched in horror as her friend fell to the ground, blood running down the front of his shirt and mixing with the soil. She looked back up at the knight, heart beating faster as he flicked some of the blood off his sword with a look of disgust on his face. He shook his head before continuing to advance, Tèa finding herself unable to move and desert the body of her friend.

Before now, the threat of death had seemed far away. Until now. Now it seemed all too real.

The knight lunged forward, Tèa turning at the last minute so the sword went through her side instead of through her son, screaming in pain as the knight backed away in surprise. She gave a whimper before she fell to the ground, curling around her child as she still attempted to protect him from the knight. She opened her eyes weakly as she heard the knight walking around her "Stupid girl."

And then a roar reverberated through the air.

Atem shoved the green dragon to the ground, smirking as it struggled, its motion broken off with an awkward squawk. The black and red dragon looked up at the sound, snarling as he saw the knight standing over a fallen woman. Atem gave a roar and swung his tail, sending the knight flying. He glanced down as the green dragon grunted in pain at the knight's hard landing, but didn't move otherwise. Atem nodded and stepped away from the dragon, the motion bringing the village into his line of sight. The men-at-arms surrounded the place in an attempt to put out the flames. At least some of the village would be salvaged instead of the entire place being destroyed. Yugi would be happy.

He turned to look at a long scratch on his shoulder, gotten from his clumsy break from the forest before beginning to clean it. He growled at the memory, glad that the wind had shifted to bring the scent of the dragon with it, warning them that the attack had started. And, as he had promised his mate, he had gotten to the village within minutes of the initial attack. Atem paused in his care of the wound at the sound of frantic scrambling and muttering. He looked back at the green dragon, staring in confusion as the dragon clawed at his own scales.

The black and red dragon reached over to stop the other dragon, eventually having to lean on him to stop the motion. The green dragon looked up with pleading eyes. "Please, Morningstar. It happened again…and this time I helped. I promised that it would never happen again, but it did. And I helped. Please, please just kill me!"

"What?"

"The chick!" The green dragon jerked his head in the direction of the woman, now shuddering at the sight. Atem was about to look at what was bothering the dragon when he felt claws dig into his foreleg. He snarled, flames rising in his throat when the green dragon didn't release his leg. Another look at the green dragon showed that he had no idea what was going on around him, lost in his own world. Frantically, he looked at Atem, claws relaxing and digging into the foreleg. "They killed and left us all…all alone. I had to watch them all die and I promised it would never happen again. I promised the stars, Atem. This…"

The dragon gave a keen, the sound making Atem jump back as the dragon went back to thrashing on the ground. He tipped his head to the side before approaching the dragon cautiously. This dragon must have been a victim of the random killings that had gone on about one hundred years ago, that was the only explanation for his behavior. Atem winced and looked away, remembering the mutilated bodies that he had been forced to look at; all to enforce the idea that as Morningstar, a title that he didn't understand at the time, he should be able to stop this when he was older. He sighed, stepping around the dragon. "Okay."

He nudged the dragon onto his stomach, planting a foreleg at the end of the dragon's back before grabbing the neck in his mouth. Atem closed his eyes and pulled the neck up, pressing down with his whole weight on the rest of the body. When he could feel the tension in the neck, he gave a vicious shake, feeling the bones snap under the stress. There was a soft exhale a moment later as the dragon died instantly. Atem gave a mournful rumble before lowering the dragon's neck back to the ground, carefully realigning it properly. There were enough wounds from the battle between the two of them earlier that any passing dragon would think that this one had lost a fair fight. And that was the more honorable death.

Atem stepped away from the body, turning to look at the woman as he walked over. He made sure to circle around so he was approaching her from the front, lowering himself into a crouch and pressing his wings against his sides to appear smaller. He saw a flicker of fear in her blue eyes before she gave a faint smile. "Thank you."

"Don't." Atem settled on the ground, tipping his head to the side. He thought he recognized this human, but he couldn't remember where. Giving up for the moment, he rested his head on the ground. "I'm sorry I was too late to save you."

"Yes, but you can still save him."

"Who?"

"My son." The woman gently moved the bundle away from her, Atem hearing the soft sounds of whimpering from it for the first time. The dragon took a sharp breath, eyes moving back to the green dragon as the information began to add up. Gozaburo wouldn't have sent someone after this woman unless she was of some importance, which meant that she was the one who had carried Yugi's child, the one that she had died trying to save. He lowered his eyes to look at the child before glancing back up at the woman, watching as she gave a weak smile. "He's all we have. Please, take care of him."

Atem returned the smile, shifting so his forelegs were no longer folded awkwardly. "I promise to take care of him." The woman nodded, looking at her son before beginning to push the bundle towards him. Atem reached out with a claw, carefully halting the movement and shaking his head. "For now, just keep him close. I'll stay here with you."

"Thank you." Atem gave a purr in response, watching the woman as she propped herself up enough to give her child a kiss on the forehead before slumping back to the ground, the life leaving her blue eyes a few minutes later. Atem closed his eyes, bowing his head in response to her passing, respecting the woman. She had been brave enough to keep Yugi's son away from Gozaburo and keep up the spirits of the peasants, even at the cost of her own life.

A loud whimper drew his attention back to the bundle. Carefully, Atem picked it up with his mouth, awkwardly scooting backwards before shifting so he was facing away from the body of the mother. He set the baby down between his forelegs, craning his head to look more closely at the infant. He found wide purple-blue eyes staring back at him, blinking slowly as the baby fought against sleep. Atem gave a purr, lowering his head to nudge some of the blanket away. He stopped, still hovering over the infant as the baby began to sniffle again.

"Hush, little one. There is nothing to worry about." Atem rested his head by the infant, watching as the sniffling stopped as the baby watched him, seeming to think before reaching out. Without thinking, Atem moved so the baby's hand was resting against his muzzle. To his surprise, the baby gave a sleepy giggle, the hand moving away before landing on a different spot. Atem gave a chuckle of his own, pulling his head away. He watched the baby's lower lip tremble, sighing before curling so he could drape the end of his tail over his foreleg, the tip just within reach of the infant. The baby gave a giggle before grabbing onto the tip of Atem's tail, the purple-blue eyes falling shut soon afterwards. Atem shook his head with a laugh. "Just like your father, little one."

He shifted so his head was resting right beside the infant, surprised at how quickly he was becoming attached to the little human. He had expected to hate the baby because it wasn't his, something that his instincts should be fighting against. Instead, he was getting fiercely protective of the infant. It reminded him of the one time he had seen Critias with his last clutch of eggs before his mate died; watching the usually sullen and snappish dragon carefully turn the eggs so they heated evenly and even talking quietly to them. Atem sighed, giving a gentle purr as the baby shifted at the sudden rush of air, still not letting go of the tip of his tail. Experimentally, Atem tried to lift his tail out of the infant's grasp, smiling as he watched the baby grasp it with his other hand as well before the dragon gave up.

He was stuck, and he didn't mind. He could quite happily lay here and watch the baby sleep. But then what happened when the infant woke up. Atem blinked slowly at the realization. Eventually, he would get hungry and there was no way to provide for the baby in their little band of males, unless they somehow found another human female willing to nurse the infant. Atem growled at the thought, not willing to let anyone touch his little one. He stopped the sound abruptly as the infant made a distressed noise, turning pressing his head softly against the infant. "I'm sorry, little one. Sleep now. Everything is alright."

The baby gave a sigh and curled up tighter, getting a better hold of the tip of Atem's tail as he did so. The dragon found himself smiling again, and he didn't want to stop. They would figure out what to do with the infant when the boy woke up, probably finding a goat or something that would provide milk. He wouldn't let his little one go to any other female that would try and take him away. It was irrational, but Atem didn't mind that fact for once. If things got too bad, they could always fly the infant down to the humans in the south and leave him with Solomon for a few days, the thought also distasteful to the dragon. But he wouldn't put his little one in any unnecessary danger.

Atem gave the infant a soft nuzzle, stopping the motion abruptly when he heard the sound of someone approaching. He relaxed when he realized that it was Yugi. Atem lifted his head away from the infant, giving a trill as the baby began to shift and whimper. "I'm still here, little one."

"Atem?" The dragon looked up, watching Yugi as the prince picked his way over the uneven land, couching by the dead body of the knight before looking at the dragon. The prince sighed, absently rubbing his shoulder before trudging over to Atem, his slow pace breaking into a run as he saw the body of the woman on the ground. He crouched by her, staring at the wound in her side before glancing up at her face. Yugi gave a squeak of surprise before scrambling back, looking up at Atem. "It's her. Oh gods, he killed her."

"I'm sorry, love. I wasn't fast enough."

"No." Yugi shook his head, slowly standing up. "Don't apologize. We both tried our best. It just wasn't enough." He bit his lip in thought, eyes widening as he realized something. Atem tipped his head to the side as Yugi quickly spun around. "What about her child…my child?"

"Love-"

"Oh gods." Yugi was pacing now. "I didn't see it with her, so it must have been in the house. But that one's been burnt, unless Crump killed it somewhere else. We…we need to find it."

"Yugi, he's fine." Atem chuckled as his mate turned on his heel to stare at him, motioning the prince over with a jerk of his head. "I have him."

Yugi hesitated a moment before rushing over, clambering over the dragon's foreleg in his haste. He slid carefully to the ground, his eyes wide as he stared at the small bundle beside Atem's leg. Slowly, the prince walked over, Atem quickly lowering his head to steady his mate. Yugi crouched on the ground, keeping one hand on Atem to keep himself steady. Atem laughed at Yugi's exhale of amazement, arms reaching out before he pulled them back. "Can I…"

"He's your son, my heart. You are allowed to pick him up but," Atem gave his tail a twitch, watching as the infant increased his grip on it, "just keep in mind that I am stuck like this until he decides to wake up."

Yugi laughed and scooped up his son, turning to sit against Atem's foreleg with the dragon's tail over his shoulder. Carefully, the prince moved the blanket out of the way so he could see his son's face, the dragon peering as well. He had been too afraid to try and unwrap the baby before, suddenly very aware how large he was compared to the infant. Atem gave a trill as he looked over the infant's features. "He looks like you, love."

"Yeah." The word was spoken on an exhale. Yugi glanced up at Atem. "Is it normal to not want to put him down?"

Atem shrugged, not taking his eyes from the two. "I've never had any of my own. I was too young until this year."

Yugi nodded, tipping his head to the side as he continued to study his son's features. "Did she tell you if he had been named yet?"

"If?" Atem pulled his head back, blinking in confusion. He had never assumed that the baby didn't have a name. It wasn't until Yugi had brought it up that he remembered that he had never asked it of the mother. The dragon waited for Yugi to elaborate as the prince nodded.

"It's a common practice not to name a child until you are sure that it will live. It's considered back luck or something." Yugi looked up at the dragon and shrugged. "I wasn't named until nearly a month after I was born, it was that bad for me."

"Then…what did they call you?" Atem was trying to wrap his mind around this strange human tradition, not sure that he really wanted to understand.

"My mother usually called me the usual pet names for a child. To everyone else I was the prince or the king's son or the baby since Seto was older than me." Yugi laughed sadly. "If it hadn't been for my mother, I would have been known by those names for seventeen years. She was the one who finally demanded that they name me officially."

Atem snorted. "That's nonsense."

"How do you do it?" Yugi threw the challenge at him, smiling to let the dragon know that he was not mad for the slight made to his culture.

"Well, the longest a chick will go without a name is a day or two, usually because the parents couldn't decide before. But the parents usually spend a lot of time with their offspring, tending the eggs. Apparently, you get to know them pretty well." Atem shrugged to show that he was guessing about this. "Humans may carry their offspring with them, but dragons can hear their offspring in their shells. We are more aware of them from the start."

Yugi gave a short laugh. "Makes more sense than what we do." He turned his head to look at his son from another angle. "Pick a name."

"What?"

Yugi shrugged. "I think you deserve the honor of naming him since you saved him."

The dragon blinked quickly. "But…he's yours."

"Yes. And I am your mate. Therefore, he is yours as well." Atem looked away, scanning the area around them and realizing, for the first time, that this was not the place to be discussing this. He turned back to Yugi as the prince tapped his foreleg. "He is our son, Atem. So, you choose the name. I don't care if it is human or dragon"

"He might."

A look of determination crossed Yugi's face. "I'm not going to let them use him for their fight against Gozaburo. I've seen what happens in that world and I don't want a part of it any longer. If he wants that world when he's grown, I won't stop him. But I want to keep him away from all of that, for now. Until then, it doesn't matter."

Atem gave a slow nod, eyes glancing up at the sound of another human approaching. He felt Yugi press closer to his leg, cradling the infant close. Atem moved his head so he was hovering over them, growling at he watched Mahad run towards them, the knight stopping to gaze in horror at the body of the woman. The knight knelt by her, gently sweeping the hair from her eyes before glancing up at Atem. The dragon nearly flinched back at the look of pure hatred in the knight's eyes. "You killed her."

"I did no such thing. It was that knight. Besides, why would I want to kill her? She was nothing to me."

"She would have taken Yugi away from you, that's enough for a heartless creature like you." Atem gave a warning growl that the knight ignored, the human now looking around himself for something. "Where's her son?"

"Safe."

Atem started at the sound of a sword being pulled out of its scabbard. The dragon growled as Mahad advanced, somewhat distracted by the feeling of Yugi trying to loose the infant's fingers from his tail. Ever so slowly, he felt the grip on him leave, Yugi pushing away from the dragon and leaving Atem barely enough time to move away. He was still too slow, Mahad's sword catching on his foreleg.

Two cries of pain rang out as Atem and Yugi reacted. The dragon turned to find his mate, eyes widening as Yugi fumbled with the infant for a moment, frantically trying to keep his hold on his son. Atem snarled and turned on the knight, whipping the sword out of his hands with his tail. He shoved the knight onto his back, pinning the human to the ground. He tried to control his temper, struggling against the part of him that demanded he attack and rip the knight to shreds for hurting his mate and nearly injuring his little one. With a trembling breath, Atem pulled away, backing up so he could lie on the ground.

He turned to glare at Mahad as the knight struggled up from the ground, lowering his shoulder so that Yugi could climb up onto his back, the prince having to go slower than normal with his precious load. The dragon snarled as Mahad began to walk towards them, the sound enough to keep the knight back. Satisfied that the human wasn't a threat to him, Atem pulled his head up, slowly standing as he felt Yugi tap his shoulder. "You will not threaten Yugi or Kysen again, knight, or you will regret it."

Mahad glanced up at Yugi once, seeming to plead with the prince to refute Atem's words. Atem looked over his shoulder to see the prince slowly shaking his head, adjusting his hold on the infant as he leaned forward to pat the dragon. "Come on, the others will be worried."

Atem gave a stiff nod before breaking into a jog, running for a while before launching himself into the air. He banked to head back to the forest, catching sight of Marik as the pale golden dragon circled, probably searching for them. Atem glanced down at Mahad, the knight standing alone in the field before pulling himself upright and hovering, waiting until Marik spotted him. The black and red dragon jerked his head, indicating that they were heading back for the other side of the boarder before resuming his flight, listening to Yugi as he spoke to his son.

"So, Kysen?"

Atem winced, peeking back over his shoulder. "Yes. Do you mind?"

Yugi treated him to a huge smile. "Not at all."

Mahad stomped around in his rooms, viciously shoving things into saddle bags. He had made up his mind. He could no longer just sit in the background knowing what Gozaburo was up to. He had to do something to help the people he had watched with Yugi; tried to protect with Yugi. He would fight in the memory of his prince as he had been. It was no longer enough for him to be a drifter under his father.

He threw the bags over his shoulders, walking from his room. He passed his father, giving the elderly man a serious nod, surprised when he had it returned. Mahad slowed to watch his father pass by, suddenly noticing how old he was. Something told him that this would be the last time that Mahad would see his father and he found that he couldn't discount his time back among his own people. It was a minor distraction in the scheme of things, but not a bad one. Mahad gave a wave to his father before continuing out into the yard.

His horse looked up as he walked out, Mahad taking the reins from the boy and watching as the child ran off, smiling sadly. With a sigh he secured his saddle bags onto the saddle before swinging up onto the horse. He turned the brown horse toward the road, urging the animal to a trot as he left the house, purposefully keeping from looking at the village. He knew that if he did look he would see the small crosses the marked where the bodies of the villagers lay. He knew exactly where Tristan and Tèa were, buried side by side as befitted a married couple.

Mahad looked down at the pommel of his saddle for a moment before looking forward again. Luck was not with Tèa and Yugi. The two were very much alike and could have been happy together if that dragon hadn't poisoned the prince's mind. He would have been happy to serve under Tèa as queen and she would have been a good one; strong where Yugi was weak and harsh where Yugi could be too lenient. It was the perfect match, barring the fact that Tèa had not been royalty. But then, Yugi's mother hadn't been royalty either.

The knight quickly steered himself away from those thoughts, not wanting to think of Aislinn at the moment, still mourning for the loss of one of his first friends in that kingdom. He blinked as his vision blurred, a precursor to tears. He sighed and wiped the moisture from his eyes before allowing his horse to slow to a walk.

If all went well, he would reach the boarder in about three days, and then it would be another day or two until he reached the villages close to the castle. Then, he would find the resistance that had to have sprung up by now and inform them of the news. Tèa was gone, but her son was still out there and alive. Yugi was alive too, but they could expect no help from him. Hopefully, he could get in contact with Seto, something he had failed to do in his initial assault, and get help from inside the castle. He would also have a force of peasants behind him, probably with just rudimentary weapons training. But the plan was simple, just attack and kill the dragon. Everything would be over once that cursed dragon was dead.

He groaned as he realized how wrong he was. Then there was another dragon to slay to free Yugi from his clutches. It would kill the prince again, but it was better to do that than allow him to be used by that dragon for its twisted desires. He only hoped that he could get Tèa and Yugi's son out of its clutches before something happened to the infant. Perhaps, if he got Yugi alone, he could coax the real prince out from under the spell and then he could take him away from the accursed beast. Then, they would get the rightful heir to the throne back and his successor without any more blood spilled.

Even as the thought cheered him, Mahad knew it would never work. The dragon had too strong of a hold on Yugi to ever let him go. He gave a soft curse before focusing his gaze on the horizon. At least he had a good plan this time. Everything else could be gone over as it came up.

Joey glared at the temporary camp that the villagers had set up, recognizing a few from his own home. The rest were from other villages, fleeing for safety from another attack by Gozaburo. And he didn't blame them for being this cautious. He had seen the ruins of his home, amazed that it had disappeared so quickly, leaving nothing but patches of damp ash on the ground. He sighed at the memory of the image, his eyes falling shut as he rubbed at his temples. There was nothing for it but to move forward.

He glanced up as Duke walked back towards him, the men of the villages following. They all looked annoyed that they had been pulled from their tasks. Joey pulled his hand away from his head, wincing as the women followed close after the men. He pulled Serenity closer to himself, wanting to keep her away from the others and just needing her support in his endeavor. After all, he was about to attempt to change their lives. It was something that he didn't want to do alone.

He cleared his throat as the people came to a stop, gathering in a crowd. Hoping to calm them, Joey gave a lopsided smile before clearing his throat again. "I see you all survived the dragon attack. Has he tried anything else?"

"Not since your village, Joseph." Joey winced at the use of his proper name, having associated it so long with his father and hated it for that reason. The blonde rocked backwards a bit, placing both hands on Serenity's shoulders. He was about to speak again when another voice spoke up, Joey turning his head to look at a woman in the back. "I saw two dragons heading north. There will be another two burned to the ground soon enough."

There was a series of grumbles as the people discussed this, grouping together into pairs or threes to talk about their misfortune. Joey kept a hold on his temper before beginning to speak again, being sure to pitch his voice so he could be heard over the crowd. "Then I say we do something about it!"

"What can we do? Gozaburo has armed men and dragons. What will our farm tools do against him?"

"I know one dragon that would be willing to help." Joey frowned as the crowd took a step back, their muttering increasing. The blonde gave his sister a gently shove, the movement drawing the people's attention back to him. "He healed my sister!" It was a lie, but it was enough to get their attention. "He gave her sight back and is kind to us humans. And he wants Gozaburo gone as much as we do."

"How can we trust a dragon?"

"Look what happened the last time we tried to resist. Gozaburo took the throne!"

"Yes. And your friend there paid the price for arguing against the king." Joey looked over at Duke, wincing as the green eyed man reached up to cover the scars on his neck, the sleeves of his shirt covering up the other scars on his arms from the fire. He shook his head, turning to look back at the crowd.

"That was because we were not organized. We didn't stand together. If I have learned one thing from this, it is that if we help each other than we are stronger than anything Gozaburo can throw at us." Joey smiled at the few nods that he was beginning to get, the people's fear of their tyrant quickly overridden by the evidence that was being shown to them. "We've got Tèa safe in the north and her son, by now. They'll come back down when they hear that we've started to win against Gozaburo, and Mahad will come with them. They haven't given up, so why should we?"

"It's the smart thing to do, boy."

The blonde glared at the man who spoke. "No. The smart thing to do would be to rid ourselves of a king that doesn't deserve his throne. We had a good king and we let ourselves be tricked. Now, I plan to fix that."

"You can't do it alone. Remember what happened to the prince?"

Joey felt Serenity place a hand over his in warning, stopping him from blurting out that Yugi was alive. They still weren't sure of the reaction that they would get, not knowing what to think of the prince's miraculous reappearance themselves. They would be told, in the end, but only when Joey was sure that they could win against Gozaburo. He smiled down as his sister, thanking her for the save. "I don't plan to. The real question is, do you want to live in this slavery for the rest of your lives?"

The crowd went silent for a while, shifting as they thought over his question. Joey smirked when he saw a few begin to nod, glancing up at their neighbors before looking back at him. The blonde refrained from punching the air in victory, knowing that he had them now. They wanted to kill Gozaburo as much as he did, the list of the king's crimes against the people too long to begin to think of. They would fight for their kingdom and for their prince, the son of Yugi and Tèa, perfection for the peasants. The child would be a king to understand them. And, if by some miracle the pale gold dragon did agree to help them, then this whole plan would be a success.

Seto carefully moved from their bed, resting a hand against Kisara's cheek as she moved restlessly. He waited until she had calmed before walking to where the crib was. Carefully so as not to disturb the infant that slept in it, Seto leaned over. The faint moonlight drifted over the small features, the grey eyes closed as his son slept and the dim light highlighting the black hair. He tensed as Mokuba gave a soft whimper and reached out for something. Automatically, Seto reached a hand into the crib, the smile returning to his face as his son gripped his finger, sighing in contentment.

The blue eyed man wasn't sure how this compulsion to check on his son had come about. But, every night since his birth, Seto had woken for no conceivable reason at least twice a night just to look at his son; these instances different from the times when his son's cries summoned Kisara from her sleep to feed him. Seto adjusted his stance, glancing back at his lover before looking back into the crib. He didn't understand his need to check on his son, even when he knew that nothing was wrong. He just needed to watch his child because he was amazingly there.

The feelings were similar to those that had appeared when his cousin and then little brother had been born, the latter the namesake of his son. He remembered peering in on them and wondering why they were so little and why none of them could play properly with him. But he had been oddly content with the simple games that he had been allowed to play with them. And he remembered that those had been the times that he had laughed the most. He had been genuinely happy then, not the silent child that he learned that he had to be to avoid his father.

He ran his free hand through his hair with a long sigh, smirking as Mokuba gave a soft coo. Vaguely, he noticed that the motion had disturbed the blanket that was covering the infant. Seto reached down to fix it before he was even aware of what he was doing. His eyes widened, hand stopping halfway out of the crib. His gut told him to jerk away and escape, find somewhere where he could pull the mask back over him and rebuild the ice around his heart. Right now, he was vulnerable. He could be hurt when he was like this. And now was not a time to be vulnerable.

Seto retracted his hand from the crib, tensing as a hand was rested on his arm. He relaxed when he turned his head, watching as Kisara rested her head on him, too short to reach his shoulder. Her hand slid down his arm, snaring his other hand and entwining their fingers before looking up at him, giving a mock gasp. "You're smiling. The end of the world must be upon us."

"You've seen me smile before."

"Yes, but you were prompted." Kisara raised their joined hands, dropping a kiss on the back of his. "It's nice to see you so happy, but you need your sleep as well."

"I was just checking on him." Seto turned his glare on her, knowing full well that it had no effect on Kisara. "What are you doing up?"

"The same."

Seto sighed again as she relaxed into him, shaking his head as he carefully freed himself from Mokuba's grasp. He turned around, wrapping his arms around her and resting his chin on the top of her head. "Is this natural?"

He felt her laugh, the sound slightly smothered. "Is that's what worrying you?" She pushed away, looking up at him. "It's alright to be this worried about him. It is natural. I've seen dragons doing the same thing. It just means you care."

Seto gave a stiff nod before sweeping Kisara off the ground, carrying her bridal style back to their bed. Kisara laughed again, shifting so she was curled up against him. Seto held her close as she drifted off to sleep, his eyes drifting to the crib as Kisara's breathing evened out.

It was time to do it. They were no longer safe in the castle, especially with Gozaburo making his final moves towards his grand goals. And there would be a time where Seto could no longer protect them, the feelings of inadequacy bothering him. He wanted nothing more than to be able to defend the little family he was starting, the need to keep them close surprising him with its intensity. But it was for the best.

Perhaps Kisara could find Yugi down in the south. His cousin would be willing to protect them and keep them out of trouble until Seto had settled things in the kingdom. Or maybe the peasants would keep Kisara away from Gozaburo if he promised to help them, as much as it hurt his pride to stoop to asking for help from the lower class, the idea not helped by his hatred of feeling helpless.

Seto pushed the thoughts out of his mind, allowing himself to just live in the moment, a habit that he seemed to be falling into. To his surprise, it didn't bother him as much as it would have. Seto gave a weak chuckle, the motion of his chest enough to encourage Kisara to stir. He soothed her by rubbing her back, watching as she fell back to sleep.

Yugi smiled as he happily accepted Kysen back from Ryou, smirking at the slightly disappointed look on Bakura's face. He hadn't expected the thief to take to the child like that, Bakura's usually stern features relaxing when Yugi allowed him to hold the infant; even going as far to take him from Ryou to comfort Kysen when he started to cry and managing to calm the sobs from the child. And, through it all, Atem had hovered at his shoulder, tensing every time that the infant was passed between two people. Yugi had expected him to jump in and snatch Kysen away the couple of times that Bakura and Ryou arranged the baby awkwardly in their arms.

He turned his smile on the black and red dragon, chuckling at the purr that Atem gave. Yugi walked over to a more secluded spot, frowning as Kysen began to squirm. The infant was hungry again. He changed his course, walking over to his pack and pulled out a small container, shaking his head at the oddness of it. Bakura had come up with the whole set up, once again startling Yugi. The thief had snuck into a nearby noble's home, stealing the objects that he needed before holing up for the rest of the afternoon with Marik. In the end, they had turned out a few flasks with a strange top on them. Yugi shrugged to himself; it didn't matter how strange they were, they worked.

Bakura had also solved the problem of supplying milk, taking one of their water skins and taking milk from the noble's goats as well. While it solved their initial problem, there was a downside to this arrangement. To keep Kysen in good health, they would have to stay much closer to human civilization instead of hiding out in forests. There was a better chance of getting spotted or, worse yet, caught by those who were still loyal to Gozaburo.

Yugi sighed and sat down, leaning back against Atem as the dragon settled behind him. The prince shifted Kysen to a more comfortable position, offering him the strange container and relaxing when the infant accepted it. He was always afraid that Kysen would reject the strange thing, leaving them with no choice to find a woman willing to nurse him, something that Atem had rejected outright when they had discussed the problem initially. Yugi looked up at Atem as the dragon chuckled, smiling himself at the enthusiastic sounds that he heard from his son as he fed.

"Slow down, little one," Atem dropped his head over Yugi's shoulder, "there's enough for you."

He laughed at the interaction between his son and his lover, the sound trailing off as he saw Marik approaching cautiously, stopping a good distance away. Yugi tipped his head to the side, not sure how to take the behavior from the usually brash dragon. From behind him, Atem gave a nod, the pale gold dragon beginning to move forward again. He sat up straight as he felt Atem move, the dragon curling up around Yugi and Kysen in a manner that was obvious protective. Yugi glanced up at Atem, surprised to see the crimson eyes narrowing, a sure sign that Atem was angry. Marik must have noticed this too, because lowered himself closer to the ground, looking hurt. "I'm your friend. You told me I could approach."

"You can."

"Not with that look." Marik took a step back, and Yugi couldn't blame the dragon. Atem was looking murderous, his muscles tensed and a glare focused on Marik, although the latter was softening as the pale gold dragon backed away. Marik sighed, sitting back on his haunches. "You can trust me, Atem. I have no interesting in stealing your mate or harming the infant. You can trust me."

"I…I know." Atem hung his head, a sigh shaking his body. Yugi shifted, placing Kysen against his shoulder and gently patting the baby's back, staring worriedly at Atem. The dragon had yet to look away from the two, finally resting his muzzle against Yugi's side. The prince stood up when the baby finally let out a burp, cradling Kysen close as he walked over to Marik and ignoring the warning growl that Atem gave. Cautiously, the allowed Marik to look at the infant, nearly flinching back as the dragon tipped his head to the side.

"Huh. I don't see what the big deal about this thing is. It's just a little package of water and flesh." The observation earned a snarl from Atem, Marik laughing at the black and red dragon. "It's the truth, Atem, don't deny it." The pale gold dragon tipped his head to the opposite side with a sigh. "But he is cute from some angles. I guess it's a redeeming factor."

Marik looked up at Yugi, the prince stunned by the serious look he saw in the dragon's eyes. "Keep him safe, Yugi."

The prince nodded and backed toward Atem as Marik walked to find his own place to sleep. Yugi felt his legs give out as he sat down by Atem, wincing at the move. Thankfully, Kysen was too sated from his feeding to notice, being lulled to sleep by the warmth of his father and the dragon that was curled around them. But the baby was still fighting sleep, one tiny hand reaching up to play with his father's blonde bangs with a frown. Yugi laughed, twisting so that Kysen could touch the dragon. The baby gave a smile before drifted to sleep. Atem gave a purr, gently licking the baby. "So much like your father, little one."

Yugi gave the dragon a gentle poke before lying down on the ground himself, Atem resting his head beside Yugi. The prince allowed Atem to rest in silence before he spoke. "Why didn't you want Marik to come over?"

There was a long pause before Atem spoke. "Dragons will sometimes kill off the chicks of one mated pair to give themselves another chance at winning a mate." The dragon huddled closer to Yugi. "It doesn't happen a lot anymore, but the thought still…I don't want to lose you."

"I told you that you won't." Yugi rested a hand on Atem, smiling softly as the dragon finally relaxed. He reached up to stroke the dragon, watching as Atem opened one of his eyes, looking over Yugi and Kysen. Yugi began to worry as Atem continued to gaze at them. The dragon had been like this before they had left for this endeavor, which had led to him transforming and the two of them entwined, Atem whimpering and scrambling for his mate whenever Yugi shifted away.

He bit his lip and began to trace a finger around Atem's scales, slowly working his way towards the dragon's eye. The motion brought Atem out of whatever trance that he was in, the crimson eye blinking before flickering down to Yugi. He saw a glimpse of fear in the dragon's eye before Atem had gathered his emotions back together. The prince scooted up so he was able to place a kiss on the leathery skin, smirking at the jerk that the dragon made, the creature still not used to that kind of affection while in this form. "What's wrong?"

Atem looked like he was going to avoid the question before he closed his eye, allowing Yugi to run his finger around the softer scales that were below his eye. The dragon gave a soft groan, waiting until Yugi had removed his hand to open his eyes. "I've been running from this title for so long. I'm trying to run from my destiny. No matter what, it will catch up with me. I'm scared."

Yugi sat up as Atem closed his eye again, tears starting to run from them. He kept one arm around his son as he held the other one out, offering his unoccupied side to Atem. The dragon pressed his head into Yugi's side, the warm tears soaking Yugi's shirt as the dragon trembled. The prince petted the dragon, searching for the spot under Atem's jaw. He slowed his search as Atem began to speak, glancing behind him as Atem dug his claws into the ground. "I don't want to die, Yugi. I don't want to drag you down after me. I'm scared that I'll disappear, lose myself forever because I've tainted myself…and I don't care."

"Tainted?" Yugi froze at the words, violet eye widening as he realized what Atem had done. The dragon had sacrificed everything to keep him alive. But he had been chosen, in a way, to give up his life for the dragons. What would Atem's gods think of this?

He was about to move away when Atem gave a keen, moving one foreleg so that Yugi couldn't escape. "Don't leave. I can't bare it alone. Please, Yugi, stay."

The prince gasped when Atem looked up at him, the dragon's crimson eyes pleading with him. Yugi stretched back on the ground, placing another kiss on Atem's face. The dragon snuggled as close as he could get, rubbing the tip of his muzzle against Yugi's stomach, only stopping when he found skin. Yugi tensed as Atem's warm breath washed over his skin, holding his breath for a moment before relaxing as Atem stopped moving. He flipped his hand over so he could touch the dragon, staying awake until he saw Atem slide into a restless sleep, following his lover soon afterwards.

Personally, I think it's too cute when Atem and Seto are watching over their kids.

Please read and review. Criticism is always appreciated.