Lisa was thrilled about the prospect of finally starting college. She had just graduated high school, and the summer could not end soon enough. It was all the exciting stories she had heard from her older sister, Amanda, that made her so anxious to start. She daydreamed about moving out of the suburbs, exploring the city, and making new friends.
Lisa was 18, bright and athletic. She studied and made good grades, but also made time for the Track Team and the Art Club during high school. She had the lean build of a track star as well--perhaps not lanky, but certainly thin, with long brown hair, green eyes, and a chest that made her a little envious of some of the more _developed_ girls.
"Hey, lets go before my mom changes her mind." Pris said as she slid into the passenger seat of Lisa's car. Priscilla did not look like the sort of girl one would expect for Lisa's best friend. They met in art club. Pris was a few inches shorter than Lisa, with long straight hair that she dyed pitch black. She had dark brown eyes and more pronounced hips than Lisa, much more pale as well. Pris wore a pleated black skirt with chunky black boots, long white socks, and a black hoodie a size too big for her. This was in stark contrast to Lisa's orange tank top, faded jean shorts, and white Vans.
Lisa and Pris may not have looked like they would hang out together, but they bonded over their mutual love of drawing early on in high school. Lisa liked Pris's synical sense of humor and Pris was always drawn to how genuine and kind Lisa was. They quickly became each other's confidants and looked forward to going to college together.
"They don't let you pick your own roomate in the dorms, right?"
"No, but we might be able to find a place like my sister's apartment." The drive only lasted about 30 minutes, with another 10 minutes of the girls lost on the campus looking for parking. This was just meant to be an official campus visit, with a guided tour, but Lisa's sister lived nearby and offered to let them stay over afterward for a more in depth taste of college life.
Amanda was three years older than Lisa, and had been living and going to college downtown since she got out of high school. A communications major, she was not nearly as acamedically rigorous as Lisa. Amanda was more of a social butterfly, spending her time going to parties and events with her wide group of shallow acquainances. They were not particularly close as sisters, but Amanda was looking forward to reconnecting.
"Are you guys done with the tour and shit?" Pris could hear Amanda ask Lisa on speakerphone.
"Yeah, finally! We're pulling up to your place now."
"Cool, just park anywhere on the other side of the street and I'll come down."
Whenever Amanda was around, Pris took notice. She tried not to stare as Amanda crossed the street to greet them. Nearly six feet tall, with long blonde hair and blue eyes, she usually made heads turn. Amanda wore tight black leggings with a matching black sports bra and white sneakers. She had inherited her mother's curves, and had no intention of hiding it, her hips and ample bust framing her flat toned stomach.
"Hey Lisa! Good to see you, Pris! I'm so glad you came. Yall are going to love it here this fall, for sure."
Amanda gave each of them a hug in turn. Her hair was up in a pony tail and Pris noticed all her nails were perfectly manicured, matte black.
"And I love the skirt, Pris. I can never pull off boots like that. But, isn't it a bit warm for a hoodie?"
"Hah, thanks.. Yeah, I dunno..." Pris managed to say awkwardly--blushing, but trying to hide it.
"So, what do you want to do tonight?" Lisa asked as they made their way inside.
"Normally, on a Saturday, I would go hit up some of the bars on North Main, but obviously I can't get you into those. So, I was thinking we could just chill at my place, hang out, catch up, shit like that. Plus, I just got a blender so we can make margaritas! What do you think?" Amanda lead them up the elevator and down a hall to her apartment door.
"I love that! Is that ok, Pris?"
"Yeah, that sounds chill."
The aprtment looked small, with a couch facing a TV, a kitchenette, and a round kind of breakfast table. Off to the side, two bedrooms shared a single bathroom in between.
"Get comfortable, check out the view, and I'll bust out the blender."
Seeing Amanda take her shoes and socks off near the door, Pris and Lisa did the same, but Pris kept her socks on. She noticed Amanda's toenails were matte black as well. It was weird for Pris, being here. She had seen Lisa's sister many times before, but never hung out with her like this. She had always thought Amanda was attractive, but also distant and unattainable.
Pris and Lisa soon got settled around the table while Amanda blended drinks at the kitchen counter.
"Yall have drank before, right? What am I saying, I know you have! Mom is still pissed you finished all that nice rum she got for her promotion. Haha!"
"Oh my god, it's not like we drank it all at one time!"
Pris stayed pretty quiet for a while as the sisters laughed and caught each other up on their lives. Amanda was soon sitting at the table with them, topping off their glasses as they emptied them. After a few drinks though, Pris became more comfortable as well, laughing and joking along with them.
"Would you guys do a shot with me?" Amanda had a mischevious grin. "Too many shots of tequila is like a freshman right of passage, so you might as well learn how to handle your liquor now."
"Fuck it!" Pris responded with a laugh. Lisa just nodded and giggled. Amanda returned to the table with a large liquor bottle, three small shot glasses, extra lime wedges, and a salt shaker.
"Tequila Blanca" Pris said, reading the label.
"Yup! This is the good stuff too. Smooth as hell." She poured them each a shot, then sprinkled salt on her hand.
"Watch me, and do it just like this." She licked the salt from her hand and raised her glass.
"Cheers, girls!" In one swift motion, Amanda swallowed her shot, bit down on her lime wedge, and loudly slapped her shot glass back on the table.
"Cheers!" Immitating each step, Pris and Lisa followed suit. The tequila made them wince a lot more than Amanda though.
"Ugh! That was nasty, Amanda!" Lisa said, trying to wash it down with her drink.
"It definitely tastes better blended with that other shit." Pris agreed.
"Haha! You'll get used to it."
Starting to feel more stuffy in her hoodie, Pris eventually pulled it up over her head and hung it behind her chair. She had a thin white tank top on underneath, and a plain black bra.
"Woah! Where have you been hiding those things, Pris!?" Amanda's eyes were locked on Pris's cleavage.
"Oh god." Pris blushed bright red and covered her face with her hands.
"She gets self conscious about her boobs, Amanda. That's why she always wears baggy sweaters and stuff like that." Lisa explained.
"Don't be shy, Pris! You're stacked, girl. That's awesome! What cup size do you wear?"
"Like a tripple D usually, but they might be a little bigger than that." Pris moved her hands but was still blushing, avoiding direct eye contact.
"I think so. I usually wear a tripple D, and yours definitely look bigger." Amanda did not take her eyes off of them.
"Yeah, I hate them honestly... I can't really wear the clothes I want to wear. They are such a pain. I wish I was built more like Lisa."
"Oh my gosh, Pris. You look good!" Lisa exclaimed, "And you know I'm jealous of your boobs."
"You're just young, Pris. I know they can be annoying, especially because so many cute tops are just made for flat chested girls, but you are a hottie, believe me. You just need to get more comfortable in your skin and learn how to dress for your body type." Amanda leaned in and gave Pris a warm smile. "I might actually have some tops you can borrow. We know Lisa won't fit in them, haha!"
"Aw, shut up!" Lisa pouted.
"Let's have another shot." Amanda filled each of their glasses and made a toast. "To Pris and Lisa, two badass bitches who are going to kick college's ass!..Or something! Haha whatever, cheers!"
Pris was still blushing from all the attention, not least of all because Amanda had called her a hottie. She gladly took the shot without a second thought. After a few more rounds though, all the margaritas and shots were starting to take their toll on the girls, especially Lisa, who looked like she was beginning to nod off at the table.
"Hey Lisa, do you want to crash? It's getting pretty late anyway." Amanda touched her shoulder. "I don't have a roommate anymore, so you guys can take the spare bedroom."
"Hmm? Yeah.. I can hardly keep my eyes open."
"Do you want to crash too, Pris? There's a big bed in there." Amanda got up to help her sister get to bed.
"Oh, I'm down to keep chillin if you are. I'm not really tired yet, kind of a night owl." Pris stood up as well, just because everyone else was.
"Yeah, totally! Lisa has always been more of a morning person than me, for sure." Amanda lead Lisa to the spare bedroom, turned the light off, and closed the door. Pris was still just standing up awkwardly when Amanda came back.
"So, do you want to maybe switch to beer? I think I have some in the fridge." Amanda stepped over to the refridgerator and started digging around inside it.
"Oh uh, sure! I haven't had much beer before..."
"That's ok, looks like I only have White Claw anyway. Let's sit on the couch. Those chairs were starting to hurt my ass." Amanda brought two Mango White Claws and joined Pris on the low white couch. Pris was sitting with her legs bent underneath her and Amanda mirrored her. They were half-way facing each other and Pris became fixated on how close Amanda's knees were to her own, just a few inches. Being alone with Amanda was bringing back all the nervousness Pris felt earlier.
"So... what's up?" Amanda broke the silence.
"Haha, I dunno. The White Claw is good.." Pris looked down at the can, flicking the tab with her thumb.
"Oh yeah! Do you still want to borrow some tops? You can come try some on, if you want."
"Uh, yeah! Sure!..Right here?" Pris tried to match Amanda's level of excitement, but she still felt nervous.
"Here, come in my room while I dig around for something."
Pris followed Amanda into her bedroom. All her furniture was white and looked expensive. Her headboard was upholstered with light grey fabric, but all the bedsheets were white. Pris sat on the edge of a little stool at the foot of the bed while Amanda was rifling through her closet.
"I'm sure I've got something you would like.... Would you ever wear green?"
"Haha, I think everything I own is like black or white."
"Oh! What about a dress? You would look killer in a dress." Amanda pulled a dark blue knee-length cocktail dress from her closet with a triumphant look on her face.
"Wow!" Pris tried not to sound nervous, but she had always made a point never to try stuff on or change when she was around Lisa, or anyone else. She lived in fear that someone would find out her secret: that she had a cock.
"Go ahead, try it on!" Amanda handed the hanger to Pris.
"Uh.. ok.. Should I change in the closet or something?"
"Oh sure, wherever. I can turn around if you want. I won't peek." Amanda stuck her tongue out playfully then turned her back to Pris, who was only going along with this because she was feeling a bit drunk and found herseld unable to refuse Amanda.
Gingerly, she took her tank top off but left her bra on. Then, her socks came off. Finally, she looked at Amanda to make sure she was still turned around, then let her skirt fall to the floor. Pris was left standing in Amanda's room in just a plain black bra and panties. Knowing she was just a few feet away was scary, but exciting, and soon Pris could feel her cock starting to swell at the thought of it. She quickly unzipped the dress, stepped into it, and zipped it up as high as she could.
"Ready yet?"
"Yeah, but I don't think I zipped it up all the way."
"Oh, I got it." Amanda turned and smiled. "You look so good!" She stepped behind Pris. "But it's strapless, you know. You don't wear a bra with it. Here, I'll help you." Amanda pulled the zipper down half way, unclasped Pris's bra, and pulled it up over her head, tossing it onto the bed. Then, without missing a beat, Amanda zipped the dress back up completely. "There we go. now do a turn for me."
Pris was blushing yet again, but could only obey. She had butterflies in her stomach from being handled in that way, but she was also starting to feel more confident.
"What do you think?" She said with a flourish.
"I think you look gorgeous, Pris. I want you to just have this dress, for real... Is that your phone?" Amanda was looking down at the front of Pris's dress. It fit tightly, and she could see the outline of something solid under the fabric below her waist.
Pris was mortified. Her face went pale.
"Fuck."
She covered her bulge with her hands and turned to face away from Amanda. She looked like she was about to cry.
"What happened? What's wrong?" Amanda stepped up behind Pris and put her hands on her shoulders comfortingly.
"Shit. This is so embarrasing... I.."
"Hey, don't be embarrassed, babe. I think I know what's going on. You have a dick, don't you?"
Pris was speechless. Amanda reached her arms around Pris and hugged her from behind.
"Look, it's not a big deal. Don't freak. You don't know this, but I actually have one too."
"What!? You do??"
"Yeah!" Amanda turned Pris around to face her. "I'm a weirdo like you." She gave Pris a friendly smile, noticing the outline of her stiff cock was still clearly visible through her dress. "I just make sure to tuck it before I wear a dress like that! Haha!"
"No way! You are beautiful, Amanda! And a super girly girl." She looked down at the crotch of Amanda's leggings. "How could you have one??"
"Ok, first of all, you are beautiful and girly too. That has nothing to do with it. Second of all, I totally do have one. I just know how to hide it. Here, look." Without hesitation, Amanda pulled the waistband of her leggings down over her hips to reveal a small black thong underneath. Amanda reached into the front of them and untucked her cock. Pris could clearly see the head of it now poking above the thong.
"See?" Amanda stood akimbo, putting herself on display. "God, I really must be drunk."
But Pris could not take her eyes off it.
"Woah.."
"Haha, I think you like what you see, babe." Amanda motioned towards Pris's bulge, which was cleary growing, straining against the fabric now.
"Oh god!" Pris blushed again. "This is so crazy." But she could see Amanda's cock growing as well.
"Ok, all cards on the table, Pris. Are you into me or something?"
Overwhelmed by the situation, Pris opened up. "Ah! I mean.. yeah.. You're super hot, Amanda, and you're super cool. Like, I have always thought so. I just never thought..."
Amanda cut her off. She closed the gap and kissed Pris's lips. Her right hand was on Pris's cheek, her left held her waist. This kiss seemed to last forever.
Soon, instinct kicked in. Pris found herself kissing her back, more deeply now. Amanda's tongue parted Pris's lips and found hers. Both of Amanda's hands found their way onto Pris's hips. Their bodies pulled closer together. Pris could feel Amanda's shaft against her own through the fabric of her dress.
Without a word, Amanda broke the kiss and pulled her sports bra off, tossing it aside. She then pushed her leggings and thong down to her ankles and stepped out of them. Drawing Pris close, Amanda reached behind her and pulled the zipper of her dress all the way down. With her eyes locked on hers, Amanda then pushed the dress down to the floor. Pris only had her panties left on when they began kissing again, their bodies pressed even closer now. Pris could feel Amanda grinding against her as their legs entwined together.
Soon, Amanda was kissing and biting her way down Pris's neck. When her lips reached Pris's breasts, she took them both in each hand. Amanda licked and teased Pris's nipples until she felt them get stiff, then look up at her with a hungry smile. Their lips met again for another long kiss.
Soon, Amanda lead Pris by the hand to her bed and laid her down on her back. Amanda took Pris's left leg in her hands and kissed the bottom of her foot. Keeping her eyes locked on Pris's, Amanda kissed her ankle, and then slowly up her leg. Amanda got up on the bed on her knees as her kisses reached Pris's thigh. Pris lay there in ecstasy, having never been touched this way before, and looking back at Amanda, biting her lip in anticipation. Her cock was rock hard and throbbing in her panties.
Amanda stopped at Pris's inner thigh and slowly pulled Pris's panties down as if to tease her more. Just when Pris could not bare it anymore, Amanda lunged on her cock, licking it from base to tip. She took the tip into her mouth and made sure it was slick before she pulled her mouth off of it and closed her fist around the shaft.
Amanda kissed her way down past the base of the shaft and started licking Pris's pussy while working her cock with her hand. Pris was overwhelmed with sensation, getting eaten out and jerked off at the same time. She has masturbated before, but had never been with another person like this. She felt Amanda's tongue go inside her and let out a loud moan. Her back arched up from the bed and cum erupted from her cock onto her chest and stomach. Amanda kept going a little longer, just to milk out as much pleasure and cum as she could from Pris. She felt Pris's body finally relax. Pris lay there, breathless, as cum still oozed out onto her belly.
"Fuckk..." Pris managed to say once she cought her breath. "That was incredible."
"Mmmm, the fun's not over yet, babe." Amanda had been licking the cum off of Pris, but then she rose up onto her knees and took hold of Pris's legs, spreading them apart. Amanda's cock stood at attention between them.
"God.. Please fuck me, Amanda. I want to feel you inside me..."
With a grin, Amanda held Pris's ass up to her waist, leaving her head and upper back laying against the bed. Amanda lined up Pris's pussy with her cock and brought them together. She first teased Pris's pussy along the length of her shaft before finally pushing the head inside.
"Fuck! You are so tight, but dripping wet." Amanda, tightly gripping Pris's waist, began rocking her hips forward and back, only bringing her cock half way out at first, but soon thrusting herself in and out almost completely. With Pris moaning and squirming below her, Amanda fucked her harder and harder for what felt like an eternity.
Pris's moans became louder, though she still tried to hold then in. Amanda could see Pris's cock getting stiff again as she pounded her pussy. The rythm grew and grew, becoming unbearable for both of them. Amanda could feel it rising within her. Finally, with one last thrust as deep as she could go, Amanda felt herself cum inside Pris, filling her. At the same moment, Pris's cock exploded with cum again, releasing it down across her chest, hitting her tits now. Amanda collapsed on top of Pris, both trying to catch their breath.
Amanda gave Pris tender little kisses on her head and shoulder as they lay together, arms and legs wrapped around each other. Pris kisses Amanda back along her chest and collarbone. In pure bliss and satisfaction, they both soon fell asleep holding each other without another word.

The next morning, Amanda woke up first. Pris was still close by, though they were both mostly under the comforter now, and she reached out instinctively to hold and kiss Pris before fully opening her eyes. Soon, sober realization began to set in. Her sister had come over yesterday with her friend, Pris. They all got drunk. Her sister went to sleep and she fucked Pris. This was bad. This was very bad, and it was going to be a problem.  
Pris's face winced up as she started to wake. The hangover headache was hitting her first, and the sun pouring in through the window was making it hard to open her eyes. Soon though, the same kind of realization began to dawn on her as well. Amanda looked at her with a mixture of love and dread of what was to come. Neither could bring themselves to speak, to say the first words that would shatter this spell and turn this beautiful dream into a difficult reality.
In that moment, there was a short sharp knock on the bedroom door. "Hey, Amanda..." Lisa opened the door as she spoke. "Have you seen Pris anywhere?"