It's late when Buffy leaves, and Angel is still drunk. He pours himself into his plush leather armchair, and calls someone who loves him enough not to mind the late hour or his inebriated state.
"Working late?" Cordelia asks.

"Did I wake you?"

"No. I'm watching this little noire-fest on Bravo. You didn't answer my question."

"No, I'm not working. I let Gunn take me out and get me drunk."

"I hope you didn't also let Gunn take advantage of you."

"Very funny. But I let—there's a girl. I mean—it's not like she took advantage. But there was . . . we kissed."

Cordelia snorts. "Is that all? You're all worked up about kissing? What are you, in the seventh grade?"

"It's the first time—I haven't . . . not since Darla . . ."

"That was two years ago, Angel. I mean, yes, she was your wife, and she died. And that's terrible. But you didn't die with her. It's okay to, you know, go on living." Cordelia endures a long silence before changing the subject. "What's she like? Your new kissing friend."

"Small, blonde, pretty. Brave, funny, and . . . it's like you can see her heart."

"Sounds like your type. What's she do?"

"She's a detective. Doyle's replacement."

Cordelia laughs. "Your partner? You're such a cliché when it comes to the love department, brother. A hopeless romantic, or something."

"And you're—what? Still playing hard to get?"

"Nice segue. Very subtle. And yes; Doyle hasn't gotten as far as he'd like."

"I don't—don't talk to me about what base you guys are at—"

"He hasn't left the bench. Does that make you feel better?"

Angel exhales. "It does, actually. Is that terrible? I want you to be happy, but—"

"But you're still my brother. I get it."

Angel's eyes are drifting closed. "I should let you go."

"Okay. But hey, Angel, do something for me."

"Okay."

"Don't screw up this thing with your partner by guilting yourself out, 'kay? I mean, I know brooding's your default state, but it is okay for you to be happy. Really."

Angel smiles, despite himself. "I'll do my best."

***
Buffy is stepping out of the shower when her beeper goes off, requesting her presence in the morgue. She sighs.
"Just how I like to start my day."

And then she realizes that she'll be meeting her partner there, and blood rushes to her face. Butterflies flutter in her stomach; their tickling, powder soft wings sending shivers throughout her body. She skips through the remainder of her morning rituals, dancing to a secret song.

Angel is waiting for her in front of the morgue. He is unshaven and comfortably mussed, but he looks much more relaxed than he has the past couple of days. Buffy is unable to stop herself from bounding up to him.

"Hi," she says, a grin overtaking her face.

Angel smiles, too. "Hi."

He brushes her hand with his, and for a long moment they just regard each other silently, marinating in the joy of seeing each other, the excitement of new beginnings.

Fred pokes her head out the morgue's twin doors. "Y'all comin', or what?"

All the bodies are resting quietly in their little lockers, and Buffy is glad. Not like she's squeamish or anything, but still. The less dead people in her life, the better. Fred walks to her desk, selects a file, and flips it open.

"Do you want the good news or the bad news first? Actually, I'm not sure which is good and which is bad; like most things, it's a question of perspective, I guess—"

"We'll take any news, Fred," Angel says.

"Well," Fred says. "I got Miss Kendall's toxicology report back."

"Murder, or overdose?" Buffy asks.

"Yes," says Fred.

"Huh?"

"Given the levels of heroin in her blood, it's definitely the drugs that caused her death."

"And that's murder how?" Buffy asks.

"The levels are too high for her to have dosed herself. Or, at least she didn't do all of the dosing herself. There's no way she could have injected herself with this much of the drug and retained consciousness."

"So maybe she and Pratt are shooting up," Angel says, "she passes out. He decides he's tired of her, and shoots her up again."

"But why?" Buffy asks. "I mean, there're easier ways out of a relationship."

"Pratt doesn't have what you'd call a great respect for human life," Angel says.

"But why waste the drugs?"

"And he wasted a lot of drugs, too," Fred says. "Angel, I've never seen a blood concentration like this. There was enough heroin in her blood to kill several people."

***
"So what do we do now? We have weird autopsy results; we're at a dead end on our only suspect—"
Angel smiles. "You should let me take you out to dinner tonight."

Buffy blushes. "Well, yeah, that would be—I'd like that. But what about the case?"

"What do you think we should do?"

"Well," Buffy says slowly. "Since Pratt is our only suspect, and his PO's perp-blocking us . . . we should check out our victim?"

"Good plan. You wanna drive? I'm not at the top of my game."

"A fifth of whisky'll do that to you."

***
Merrick never let her drive, and that was just a lame standard issue cruiser, anyway. Angel's car is really hot, all chrome and highly-polished black leather. Usually she's not into cars, but she has to admit that driving this makes her feel totally badass. She adjusts her sunglasses in the rearview mirror, and then glances over at her partner, lazing in the passenger's seat.
"So, how did you become a cop?"

Angel stretches languorously. "You know, go to the academy, take the tests—"

"Hilarious. You know what I mean. How did you go from ne'er-do-well to protector and server?"

"Oh. That. My story's not too different from yours. An officer looked after me, got me to sign up."

Buffy rolls her eyes. "Gee, could you vague that up for me?"

Angel is quiet a long moment, his gaze fixed somewhere in the distance. Finally, he speaks.

"I used to be small for my age."

Buffy raises her brow. "You? You weren't always Mr. Tall, Dark, and Handsome?"

"I was small for my age. And quiet. I liked to read, and draw; nobody paid much attention to me. Then the summer between eighth and ninth grade, I gained six inches and eighty pounds. And people started to notice me."

"Girls?"

"And gangs. I got big, and the Vampires got interested."

"And you thought, 'I need an extracurricular activity, and I hate the band uniforms?'"

Angel looks down at his hands, spins his wedding ring around his ring finger. "No, nothing so original as that. After my mother died, I didn't have much parental supervision—"

"You were looking for a family, a place to belong, and the gang became that."

Angel smiles sheepishly. "Cliché, right?"

"So you make some new friends, and together you commit crimes."

"And at seventeen I got pinched for assault, disturbing the peace."

"You got into a fight, and they took you to jail."

"It was basically just a street cleaning measure, and since my record was clean, they weren't going to keep me locked up. Except my father wouldn't come pick me up. They didn't have an adult to release me to, so they had to hold me."

"Your dad wouldn't get you out of jail?"

"Not surprising. His only interest in me was reminding me I was less than a man, and beating Bible verses into me. Still, jail pretty much sucks, especially for a kid."

"So what happened?"

"Commander Giles—he was Lieutenant Giles back them—knew me. I was a friend of his daughter's; we grew up together. He saw that I'd been locked up, and he sat me down and told me that I could be a fine young man if I applied myself to something worthwhile, a man who could take care of my sister, a family . . . or I could spend the rest of my life in places like this. And then he had me released into his custody."

Buffy grins. "So you went to the academy. To be a good boy. That's the most adorable thing I've ever heard."

Angel frowns. "Why do I get the feeling you're making fun of me?"

"I would never!" She narrows her eyes slyly at him. "You know, I happen to find good boys very sexy."

***
Harmony Kendall's apartment is small and filthy. Buffy and Angel pick through piles of dirty laundry, empty food wrappers, and messy cosmetics containers.
"Mountains of evidence, and not a single clue," Buffy grouses.

"We're not done yet," Angel says, tossing aside a leopard-print bra and a small ceramic unicorn. "You want the kitchen or the bathroom?"

Buffy looks over the ruins of the living room, and imagines the wreck of the bathroom.

"I'll take the kitchen," she says.

Angel disappears down the hall. Buffy heads to the kitchen. Maybe there'll be something decent to snack on.

Buffy swings open the fridge and freezes.

"Find anything?" Angel calls from the bathroom.

"Uh, yeah. Um, Angel . . . I need you here right now."

She can't seem to turn away from the sight, but she can tell Angel is running by the weight and speed of his footfalls thundering on the floor.

"Buffy, what's wrong—oh my God."

"Is that what I think it is?"

Angel takes a pen from his pocket and nudges one of the dozens of bags of dark red liquid hanging in Kendall's refrigerator. His face is grim.

"Looks like blood to me," he says. "Call for backup."

***
The crime scene techs go over the apartment, and Buffy and Angel go back to the station.
"I just don't understand why a girl like that would be doing with all that blood. I mean, she was about my age; I certainly don't have a fridgeful of blood . . ."

Angel smiles wryly. "Good to know. And I'm sure it wasn't hers; Kendall's principle joys in life seem to have been drugs and parties. But it's very likely she was holding it for somebody."

"Like her boyfriend?"

"That's what I'm thinking."

They head to the CSI labs to wait for results from the Kendall girl's apartment, but Angel's brooding intensity soon gets to Knox, the head technician, and he asks them to leave.

They head to the morgue. Fred is waiting for them.

"Oh, Angel," she says. "This is bad."

"Tell me about it."

"With statistics and numbers and stuff," Buffy adds.

"Well," Fred says. "The blood you guys found—well, there's a lot of it, enough to be from several people. And it's weird—remember how I told you that Harmony Kendall's tox results were so weird, that I'd never seen such a high concentration of heroin in the blood? Well, these are all the same!"

Angel frowns. "They're all full of heroin?"

"Every one."

"Any idea who they came from?" Buffy asks.

"No," Fred says. "The lab's running DNA, but it could take a while. But I'd say you're looking for several more victims."

***
With a new kink in their case, dinner was definitely out. Buffy and Angel, and the case file for every overdose death within the last year, crowd into their office.
Around ten PM, they get hungry, and Angel goes out for takeout. He returns with a brown paper bag full of Chinese food. He clears his desk of paperwork, and sets up their dinner. As a flourish at the end, he lights a tiny tea light candle and sits it in the center of the desk.

Buffy laughs and pulls up a chair. "Very romantic. Thank you."

"It's not really what I had in mind," Angel says. "Sorry."

Buffy shrugs, and slides her chopsticks from their paper envelope. "It's okay. Really. I'd rather be solving crime than eating at some hoity-toity restaurant, anyway."

Angel smiles. "I know. That's one of the things I like about you."

Buffy digs into the mu shu pork. "I'm a cheap date?"

Angel meets her eyes. "You have a sense of duty, and honor. I find that very attractive."

Buffy lowers her eyes to study her dinner, hoping the demure expression will help hide her blush. Ruminating over her pork, she thinks about changing the subject, but then decides to live dangerously.

"What else to you find attractive about me?" she asks.

Angel smiles.

***
They work into the early hours of the morning. Angel, coming off bad sleep and a hangover, is wiped. He asks Buffy to drive him home.
"I could really get used to driving this car," she says as she slides behind the wheel. "Are you sure you didn't just want an excuse to get me back in your apartment?"

"It's a definite possibility."

She is just going to drop him off, but then Angel asks her inside. She is just going to stay for a few minutes, but then Angel takes her jacket and hangs it up in the closet, and then he pours her a drink.

Buffy slips off her shoes and curls up on the couch. Her sock feet are pressed against Angel's thighs. It's strangely intimate in its comfort and familiarity.

There is a simplicity and quality evident in everything in Angel's apartment, old rich woods and supple dark leathers. His wine glasses are large, the crystal heavy; the fruity, rich scent envelopes Buffy. Angel isn't drinking.

"Are you trying to get me drunk so you can have your way with me?" Buffy asks.

"I figured turnabout's fair play."

Buffy has only had a few sips of wine, but suddenly her brain feels alcohol-addled useless. "But, I-I didn't—"

"I'm only teasing. I wanted you."

And then Angel leans forward. Buffy is expecting a kiss, but he just takes her wine glass from her and sets it on the coffee table. But when he turns back to her, his hands fall onto her, his lips.

"Oh," Buffy says. "We're making out now. Okay."

Angel nips at her neck.

"Do you feel I'm taking advantage?" he murmurs.

Even if she hadn't been thinking about this near-constantly since they kissed, that throaty velvet purr would have convinced her to do anything.

"Oh, no, please," she says. "Where's the bedroom?"

"Down the hall, first door on the right."

Angel stands to show her, but slowly, by inches, unwilling to stop kissing her, stop touching her. Buffy follows him up, inches along with him.

She takes off his jacket, and then his guns, her hands running slowly over the broad plane of his shoulders as she loosens and then removes the shoulder holsters. He holds himself differently, disrobed and unarmed, more open, as if he were ready to deliver himself into her waiting hands. And he does. She unbuttons his shirt, and he lets her, and she slips it from his shoulders and then he falls into the soft embrace of her small hands, and his mouth falls to hers.

"You promised we'd go slow," he whispers.

She leads him to the bedroom.

"I remember," she says. "Don't worry."

Angel unlaces the ribbons binding Buffy's top to her, but waits for her to remove it. He allows her to push him down to the bed. She follows him, and the mattress sinks and groans quietly as it accepts their weight.

Angel, half-lying, supports himself on his elbows. Buffy straddles him at the waist, her hands on his broad shoulders. He moves restlessly beneath her.

"I want to touch you," he says.

Buffy scoots back. Angel follows her, and they are both sitting on their knees, face to face. With a move defter than Buffy herself could manage, Angel pulls the pins from her hair, and it falls around her face and throat in gentle waves. Angel runs his fingers through the tendrils, his palm cupping her face, her neck.

"You're beautiful," he says.

The only light is the streetlights filtered through Angel's bedroom window, little blinking electronic eyes. Angel's skin is moon pale in the weak light, his eyes infinitely dark. Shadows make the angles of his muscles, the features of his face marble solid, marble sure, an exactness and beauty wrought by blade against stone.

"You too," Buffy says.

He kisses her. He tastes sweet and wild and old, dark chocolate and red wine in dusty casks. Buffy rests her hands on his breastbone and feels his heart beating into her hands like water thrust from a pump. She wants to crawl inside him, to invite him inside her. She lets her hands travel his body's country, both experiencing and memorizing the topography. The basin of his stomach, the hills of his hips. Buffy unbuckles Angel's belt, unbuttons his pants. The gentle valley from hips to the swell of his buttocks. She pulls at the material and Angel shifts beneath her, helping, and in a moment he is naked beneath her touch.

With nimble magician's hands, Angel releases the catch on her bra and unzips her skirt, and Buffy is in her panties before she realizes it. Angel's body is beneath hers, but his hands are on her hips and he is guiding her in the slow, rhythmic movement of a carousel horse upon its gears, and he is in charge. Her engorged sex, protected only by a breath of silk, slides against Angel's erection. Here is all sensation, and this moment could be forever, an eternity of delicious torture, an eternity of desire and anticipation.

Buffy studies Angel's face, flushed and earnest. She wraps her arms around his neck, and kisses him, long and slow. Angel's hands are still on her hips, but this time she guides her own movements: up and against him, pleasure thrilling like little earthquakes from her cunt all through her body.

Buffy slides back, adjusts her weight from her knees to her butt. She pulls Angel after her, pulls him to his hands and knees. He crawls toward her, dark panther eyes drinking her in.

"I want you," she says. "Here."

Buffy threads her fingers through Angel's hair, cradles the back of his skull in her palm. She drives him to the center of her, pressing his mouth against the only scrap of clothing she has left. Buffy swoons over the enormity of sensation; in her waking life, she never has feelings so huge and immediate. Buffy feels herself blooming, opening and unfurling as Angel stokes the fire of her enormous feeling.

Buffy's eyes drift close, her hands cleaving to Angel's broad shoulders; in the morning, she will find blood bruise tracks of her nails on his back and ask him where they came from. Just when she is sure there is no ceiling higher than this, no more sensation possible, something fragile within her gives, and all the sensation building to an impossible apex releases, floods her body. Her every muscle feels relaxed, weak.

Time slows. Seconds pass, days. Angel, tasting raw and musky, moves up her body, kisses her, then moves back down, his face against her throat, her breasts. His hands between her legs, removing her panties, and Buffy shifts to allow him berth, and Angel enters her, slowly, gently. Angel moves inside her, rekindling her flame. Her hands reach for him, draw him close against her. Angel bows against her, her name a sacrament on his lips.