CHAPTER SEVEN 

"I can't believe we just did that!" Methos laughed as he glanced back at the Scot.

"May I remind you it was your idea, not mine." Duncan peered up from his position between Methos' legs. "It's not as if you didn't like it, Old Man."

"Oh, but I did! I liked it so much, I want to do it again." The ancient took the Highlander's cock and licked the shaft, poking his finger inside Duncan's ass at the same time. "Would you look that? There's still what I poured in last night."

The Scot cried out in pleasure as Methos' fingertip brushed against his prostate. "I could only take so much, Methos." Waving his hand, he declared, "Please! Get off...now! And watch your knees! You might hit my face."

"But I haven't had enough yet," the Old Man complained.

Duncan blew a loose strand of hair from his face. "There's always tonight. We could do it again later."

The ancient exclaimed like a petulant child, "I don't think I could wait that long!"

"METHOS, BEHAVE!"

Grumbling, the ancient eased himself up to a sitting position, taking care that his legs do not hit the Highlander's face. Seeing Methos' manhood waving before his eyes, Duncan raised his head and mischievously kissed the tip. The blacksmith jerked in surprise at that light touch.

"I thought you've had enough?" Methos queried, a pout on his lips.

Duncan gave Methos an innocent smile. "Just figured I'd give you something to look forward to."

The ancient bent down and kissed the younger man. "We could do it again at the smithy. I could set up a cot there."

Playfully, the Scot pushed his earnest lover away. "You're going to the village, remember? You promised Boris you'd help him with his horses."

"Then you could come with me and we could do it at the inn."

"Too expensive. No, I'm staying here." The Highlander sat up from the bed and grimaced. "Would you just look at this mess?"

Clothes were strewn all over the place. Tables and chairs were pushed to the walls. All sorts of foodstuffs were scattered on the floor.

Duncan scratched his head in dismay. "It's going to take me forever to clean this up!"

Methos raised his eyebrows up and down, grinning. "I could stay and help you out," he suggested anxiously.

In mere seconds, the door to the house flew open and Methos stumbled out, clad only in his underpants. Before he could get back inside, the door slammed shut.

"MacLeod," he called, knocking on the door, "my clothes! It's rather cold out here."

The door opened once more and his shirt, breeches and boots were thrust into his arms.

Seeing the door close again, Methos complained, "Don't I even get a goodbye kiss?"

There was silence inside. Then, the door opened a crack and Duncan swiftly blew him a kiss. Methos tried to grab the Scot's hand, but Duncan was so quick that his fingers almost got caught in the door jamb.

"All right!" he shouted in disappointment. As he struggled into his clothes, he continued, "If that's the way you want it! Mark my words! In this whole day that I'll be gone, you'll miss me. You'd wish I stayed."

As Methos got into Hesperus' saddle, the window was raised and Duncan sat on the ledge.

"Methos!" he called out.

The ancient glanced at his lover.

Duncan smiled. "Hurry back, will you? You still haven't left yet and I miss you already."

The Old Man beamed at that remark. Urging his horse onward, he turned to wave at the Highlander, who was also waving goodbye.

At the sight of that handsome face, suddenly, Methos felt dread inside his heart. Things had been going very well for both of them. No visions of the past, nor that of men with painted faces haunting them. There was only love and happiness between them. But why was he so afraid now?

Looking back at Duncan, Methos found himself imprinting the memory of his lover waving to him from the window inside his mind. Little did the ancient know that that would be the last happy memory he would have of the Highlander before the day was through.

"This is the last time I'm letting Methos convince me to participate in one of his odd amorous pursuits," Duncan grumbled to himself as he swept the floor.

The Scot had just finished washing all their clothes and was now occupied with cleaning the house.

When the floor was clean, he was pulling the table back into place when he felt a board give way slightly under his foot. Curiously, Duncan squatted down and pressed the wood. Tapping the floor, he discovered that there was a hollow beneath five boards. Carefully, the Highlander traced the cracks until he found a small latch. He pulled it up, revealing a hole in the ground and a large chest. Duncan lifted the chest out of the hole. There was a huge lock. Taking the poker, he tore off the lock and opened the lid. Seeing the contents, Duncan just found himself dropping to his knees.

With trembling hands, the Scot pulled out a bloodstained shirt and kilt and jet black leather boots. A slim, curved blade lay sheathed in its scabbard. Picking it up, his fingers shook as he fearfully touched the fierce dragon carved into its ivory hilt. Unknown to the Scot, he was breathing rapidly, his heart pounding in his chest. Tears were welling up in his eyes.

The next garment he pulled out was another white shirt. But it had yellowed with age and the dampness. Dried moss clung to the fabric of the shirt, as well as on the breeches that lay beneath it. However, it was the thing lying at the bottom of the chest that stunned him to the core of his being.

Tears began to fall down his cheeks as he picked up the slim, straight sword. Unsheathing the Ivanhoe, Duncan held it up before him.

At once, the memories came flooding back as the blade slashed through the dam inside his mind. Duncan gaped in horror, seeing that same blade destroy the happiness of his childhood, cutting down his favorite toy just as it had cut down his beloved parents.

Then, the Highlander found himself staring at the wielder of the sword of blood. The man with the painted face. Death was looking at him through green gold eyes, eyes filled with desire for him, though he was so tiny and unspotted by the violent world he had been born in.

"You don't have to do this." To the Scot, his voice sounded so brave and so strong, even if it were the high- pitched voice of a child. "You've won."

For his courage, Death's gift to him was pain, and the agony of innocence lost at such a tender age. Through tear-filled eyes, Duncan watched as the paint from Death's face was steadily washed away by the sweat from his brow. The agony of tearing flesh could not compare to the anguish in his soul as Death was finally unmasked.

Duncan shook his head, wanting to deny the truth that was revealed to him. But as the sword's sharp edges cut into his hands, so did the memory of a silken blade tearing his tender flesh cut into his heart.

"No," the Scot muttered over and over again, clutching the Ivanhoe close to his heart. Unable to hold back his emotions, Duncan screamed in anguish.

In his domain, the Master heard the Highlander's cry, and he knew that Death has been reborn.

"Methos! Methos wait!" Cassandra was desperately running after the ancient.

Methos kept up his fast pace, choosing to ignore the seeress.

"I must talk to you!" she cried.

"There's nothing for us to talk about, Cassandra," he answered curtly.

Breathless, the seeress gave up running. "Yes, there is. Duncan MacLeod."

The Old Man stopped, hearing his lover's name. Angry, he stormed towards Cassandra. "You stay the hell away from Duncan!"

But the seeress was persistent. "I know who he is, Methos. He is Death. How in heaven's name did you become handfasted to him?"

"I thought this was what you wanted, Cassandra. An end to the killings! I asked God to bind me to the man who has assumed my mantle, so that I may change him, steer him away from the path of blood and chaos I had walked for centuries."

"You fool!" Cassandra shouted in frustration. "You don't know what you've done!"

"If I'm a fool, then so be it! I love Duncan!"

"And it is your love that will destroy him!"

At these words, Methos felt a chill run up his spine. "What do you mean?"

"You are joined by a Divine Handfasting," she explained. "If one of you should break it, it is a mortal sin, because you choose to go against what God willed. The soul of the bondbreaker will burn in Hell!"

"Why should we choose to break the ties between us? We love each other. Only death will tear us apart."

The seeress clucked her tongue. "You should mention death. How that irony frightens me!" She continued, "You are bound together, that is true. However, it is a very fragile link. The ties between you have its roots in the past - ties of pain, rage and blood."

Methos shook his head. "Cassandra, you're not making any sense."

"When you severed your ties with the Master thirty years ago, another bond was formed. Though the Master may have lost you, he has found another to take your place, someone you yourself helped create. For years, he was in the Master's thrall, his anger fuelled by the desire to find and destroy the man who had transformed him into a monster, like you had been. It was only a matter of time before your paths crossed again. Sure enough, you meet again and, through Divine Intervention, you are handfasted, the bond between you the only thing keeping those memories in the dark where they should belong..." There was great guilt on the seeress' face. "...until I interfered."

Methos' jaw dropped his shock. He shook his head in disbelief, though he could feel his world collapse all around him.

"I'm sorry, Methos," Cassandra started to weep. "I only wanted to help Duncan get his memory back. When I entered his mind...I had to tell him..."

"Tell him what?" The ancient grabbed the seeress' shoulders, shaking her roughly. "What did you tell Duncan?"

"I told him who you were! That you were Death!"

Methos couldn't believe what he just heard. Panicking, he began to walk off. "My God! I have to get home!"

Cassandra grabbed his arm. "Maybe...maybe nothing happened," she tried to calm the Old Man. "It's been three weeks since we spoke. Duncan didn't believe me back then. He was very angry. He said I was lying."

"But you don't know that for certain, do you? Good lord, Cassandra! What have you done?"

"Methos, I'm so sorry!" With much reluctance, the seeress murmured, "There's something else you should know."

"I don't want to hear another word from you!" Methos snapped at her.

"Please hear me out!" Cassandra begged him. "What I have to tell you... It's better that you know now. So that, when that time comes, you would know what to say to him. So that Duncan would not break the ties between you."

"Enough of the small talk, witch!" The ancient said it with such venom in his voice. "Just spit it out!"

Cassandra breathed in deeply. She then looked him straight in the eye. "When you were still Death, you never knew the people you had killed and tormented. You blindly obeyed the Master's orders. Thirty years ago, you stormed the keep of a Scottish chieftain, killing everyone in cold blood, including the laird and his wife. There was one survivor - a child, a little boy who had the courage to stand before Death and challenge him." Shaking her head, the seeress' voice trembled as she spoke. "It would've been better if you had killed him, but you didn't. He was the reward your Master gave you, a prize for murdering Ian MacLeod of the Clan MacLeod."

Methos stared at the seeress in stunned silence. Then, he gasped, "No! It can't be! It can't be true!"

"I'm afraid so," Cassandra said sorrowfully. "Duncan MacLeod was Ian's son. Duncan was the child you had raped thirty years ago."

The Immortal rode Hesperus as if the hounds of Hell were after him, determined to get back to his farm.

When he arrived, Methos was greeted by an unearthly silence. No birds sang in the trees. There wasn't even a slight breeze. Getting down from the stallion, he gazed nervously at the house. It seemed very dark inside. No movement could be detected. Slowly, Methos walked towards the house, going up the few steps of the porch. For a moment, he paused at the door, his hand on the latch. Taking a deep breath, Methos entered.

"Duncan, I'm home!" he greeted, trying to sound cheerful, though he was uncomfortable by the darkness that surrounded him.

"It's good your home," a voice replied from the shadows.

Methos felt his heart jump. He was stunned by how cold Duncan's voice sounded. "MacLeod, what's going on? Why is it so dark in here?"

"I prefer it this way," said the Scot in that same flat tone. "So we could talk."

It was then that the Highlander stepped out from the shadows. Methos was shocked to see Duncan dressed in his garb as Death. His curved blade was sheathed in a scabbard at his left hip. In his hands, he held Methos' sword.

"Cassandra told me a lot of things about you," he began slowly, measuring the smith's reaction. "I didn't want to believe it." Though he tried to control his emotions from showing on his face, Duncan's doe eyes revealed the turmoil in his soul. Raising the Ivanhoe, he asked, "Is what she said true? Did you kill all those people?"

"Duncan, I can explain..."

"JUST TELL ME THE TRUTH, DAMN YOU!"

"YES!" Methos declared. "Is that what you want to hear?" The ancient breathed in deeply. He went towards the Scot until they were face to face. "I killed, but I didn't just kill fifty. I didn't kill a hundred. I killed a thousand. I KILLED TEN THOUSAND! And I was good at it! And it wasn't for vengeance. It wasn't for greed. It was because I LIKED IT! Did you know who I was? I was Death! Death on a horse! When mothers warn their children that a monster would get them, that monster was me. I was the nightmare that kept them awake at night."

"I know. You don't have to tell me," said Duncan, a tear falling from his eye. "I know first hand the kind of monster that you really are. What I want to know is why?"

"There is no answer, MacLeod. Let it be."

"No! I cannot 'let it be.' Why did you kill my parents? Why did you destroy my clan?"

"I was simply following orders...just like you were already doing, before some higher power saw it fit to handfast us."

The Highlander stiffened at that remark.

Methos went on, "MacLeod, we're really not that different."

"The reason why we're 'not that different' is because you turned me into a monster like you," the Scot countered bitterly. Weeping openly, he asked, "Were you ordered to do...that...to me?"

Methos found that he couldn't answer that question. He opened his mouth, but the words wouldn't come out.

"Please, Methos!" Duncan pleaded with him. "Maybe...maybe it would be easier for me to accept that you did it because you were only following orders. Or maybe that you felt...even just a little...remorse while you were..."

"Duncan," the ancient interrupted, tears flowing down his cheeks. "I...I wasn't ordered to... You were my reward. My prize! Even as a child, you were already so brave, so beautiful. I had to have you!"

The Highlander was stunned at this revelation. "YOU BASTARD!" In fury, he struck the blacksmith in the face, that Methos fell to the floor, bleeding from a corner of his mouth.

As he sat up, Methos said, "I've made a thousand mistakes in my life, but of them all, I regretted what I did to you the most. After that night, I never took up my sword again. I never wore the mantle of Death. For years, I wanted to find you, to make up for the pain I caused you. But I just didn't have the courage to face the consequences of my sins. Then you came along - the new Death, the man who is my heir. I never knew who you truly were. Still, I had to stop you from making the same mistakes I did. I had to stop you for raping and killing innocent people. When I made my prayer, I didn't even think. It was my heart that told me what to do. I never thought my prayer would be answered, but God deemed it right that we be handfasted, so we could both start a new life together." He looked beggingly at the Scot. "Duncan, please forgive me! You've seen for yourself the man that I am now. I would never do anything to hurt you. Please tell me I have already made up for the heinous crime I committed against you. I love you, Duncan! I don't want to lose you!"

Duncan, however, shook his head, rage evident on his face. "You make me sick, Methos! How could I have loved the man who raped me when I was still a child? Just the thought of the many times you had fucked my body revolts me. You want me to forgive you? You haven't even begun to pay for that night you ravished me!"

The Highlander raised his hand before him, showing the handfasting band on his wrist to the ancient. "This...thing...is a hated symbol of the travesty you made of both our lives. Your lies cannot bind me to you."

Methos' eyes widened, seeing Duncan take the Ivanhoe, squeezing the blade under the bracelet. "MacLeod, no! Don't break the band! A Divine Handfasting joins us! If you break it, it's anathema! Your soul will be condemned to Hell!"

"But I'm already in Hell, Methos," Duncan replied, twisting the blade that the sharp edge scraped his skin under the band. "The day I was handfasted to my ravisher was the day my soul has been cursed."

To Methos' horror, the Highlander cut through the band with the sword, blood spurting from the gash that was formed on his wrist. As he did this, lightning cracked in the heavens and rain began to pour. Duncan staggered back a step, clutching his chest, feeling the agony of the broken link between them. All Methos felt was a sudden emptiness in his heart, overwhelming desolation that ate away at his soul. With trembling hands, the ancient picked up the broken handfasting bracelet. Even the intricate snow flakes design had lost its luster. It was dull, lifeless.

"What have you done?" Methos muttered in disbelief.

Though the pain in his heart was tearing him apart, Duncan straightened up. "I did the right thing," he said firmly. He then turned and strode towards the door.

"Duncan, wait!" the ancient called. The Scot paused, not looking at the older man. "Don't go back to him! Please! The Master...he'll make you do terrible things! I'll have to stop you! I will kill you if I have to!"

"That is the way of our kind, Methos," said Duncan. "There can be only one. We can't have two Deaths roaming this earth. When that time comes, we shall see who'll survive."

Saying this, the Highlander walked out the door and through the pouring rain. Methos watched as Venganza met Duncan. Climbing in her saddle, he rode off into the stormy night. The ancient could only grieve and weep for the love he had lost, pressing the broken band over his heart.

Duncan rode aimlessly through the storm for several hours. Then, he noticed his surroundings begin to change. Trees and brush changed to stone walls. Even the rain stopped entirely. Despite the transformation, he pressed Venganza on, galloping through the path between the trees, which turned into a long, dark tunnel. At the end of the tunnel was a large chamber, dotted with numerous smaller passageways. The entire chamber was lit by an unearthly glow. Waiting in the center was the cowled form of the Master.

"Welcome home, Duncan!" the Master greeted the Scot, who hastily got down from his horse. "You've been gone so long."

Getting down on one knee, the Highlander bowed to him. "Forgive me. I've been...indisposed. I lost my memory. I would have returned sooner."

"There is nothing to forgive. I've seen what has happened to you. I was powerless to stop it."

"So you know that I was handfasted to Methos. Those bizarre... occurrences ...it was you, wasn't it?"

"I'm so sorry I frightened you," the Master replied. "I was hoping I could reach you."

"If I had known," Duncan began bitterly, "maybe I would have been...freed...sooner."

"It doesn't matter. At least you're free now. You did the right thing by breaking the bond between you. As Death, Methos was the most vicious warrior I have ever known. In the end, he was unstoppable. It's been twice now that I couldn't save you from his vile clutches."

"What is done is done," said the Scot wearily. "The only thing left for me to do is to kill him."

"And that time will come soon enough," the Master assured him. "But first, you still need to fulfill your mission before you were indisposed."

The Highlander nodded his head, a thoughtful expression on his face. "Yes, I know."

"Is something troubling you?" The Master looked at him curiously.

"Not really. But...is all this killing necessary? It's Methos with whom I have a score to settle with. Why drag innocent people into the fray?"

"Because it is those innocent people who would protect him. The same people who only know him as 'Methos the blacksmith', not 'Methos the defiler of children.'" The Master hissed in his ear, "If you let them get in your way now, you will lose your chance to take Methos' head. Harden your heart, Highlander. What is a few deaths compared to the loss of your innocence?"

Though his conscience troubled him, Duncan nodded his head.

"You're soaking wet," the Master muttered. With long, sinuous fingers, he swiftly removed the laces of the Scot's shirt, letting the wet garment fall from the young man's shoulders and halfway down his arms. "Why don't you bathe in the hot spring for a few minutes. Let the chill out." Duncan tried to control his shaking as the Master caressed his shoulders, those clammy hands descending to his chest. "Afterwards, maybe you and I could get...acquainted once more."

Feeling the Master's cold touch on his nipples, Duncan cried "NO!" as he took two steps back. With trembling hands, he pulled his shirt up, just enough to cover his bare chest. Fearful that he had angered the Master, he stammered, "Forgive me. I didn't mean to... I was... The memory of the things Methos did to me..."

"I understand," the Master reassured him. "It is difficult to get over a rape as vile as what Methos did to you. Go on, Duncan. Bathe and then rest. By the morrow, you will feel like your usual self again. Then, we could plot our next move."

The Highlander bowed as the Master exited through one of the passageways. When he was gone, Duncan entered another tunnel, which led to the hot spring. Slowly, he peeled off his wet clothes and soaked in the warm, soothing waters. Duncan wanted so much to feel at ease in his surroundings. After all, he was home. However, he could feel many eyes watching him. Gazing up at the walls of the cave, the Scot noticed how the walls seemed to blur one moment and then clear the next. For a moment, he thought he saw flickering flames, but he shrugged it off, believing it was just his eyes playing tricks on him.

As he soaked in the spring, the Highlander found himself thinking about a small farm in a forest, and the kind-hearted and loving blacksmith who lived there. Duncan remembered the happy times they had. The memory of the intimate moments they shared caused such heart-wrenching longing to rise in his body and heart. Seeing himself responding to the mere thought of Methos making love to him, the Scot stood up in shock. With a cry, Duncan ran out of the pool, picking up the clean robe that had suddenly appeared in place of his wet clothing, and went into another tunnel. At the end of it was his own bedchamber.

Leaping on the four poster bed, Duncan curled up in a ball, wrapping the robe over his body.

"Methos!" Duncan sobbed the ancient's name. "Why did I have to fall in love with you?"

Two weeks had gone by since the Highlander left him. Methos was listlessly going about his work in the forge. His head was bent over Duncan's broken handfasting bracelet. However, when he picked it up with the tongs, the band just fell apart on the floor, same as the many times he had attempted to fix it. Methos bowed his head, staring at the broken band. It was just like his aching heart. Memories of Duncan brought such great pain that left him feeling bereft.

"Methos! Methos!" a familiar voice called from outside. This was followed by frantic knocking on his door. Despite the urgency in his visitor's tone, Methos took his time in answering.

Opening the door, the ancient saw Cassandra, who was panting for breath. "What the hell do you want?" he asked dryly.

The seeress knew that the Scot had left Methos. But she didn't expect to see him looking so lost, so lifeless. Methos looked a lot worse now than when Alexa passed away.

"Methos, you must come with me!" she urged him. "Something's happened in the village!"

"Cassandra," the Old Man began wearily, "I couldn't care less about what's happening in the village! Why don't you just go away and leave me alone?"

"METHOS, PLEASE!"

Grimacing, Methos removed his smock and donned his cloak. "Whatever it is, it better be worth my time."

Cassandra didn't utter a retort, seeing how much in pain the blacksmith was.

In a few minutes, they arrived at the village. A small crowd had gathered in the middle of the street, which led to a road heading up into the Highlands. With the seeress at the fore, a small path was cleared for them. Methos found his jaw dropping at the horrible sight before him.

A pike was driven into the ground right in the middle of the street. Firmly affixed atop was the severed head of Boris, the horse trader.

"The killings have begun again," Cassandra muttered under her breath.

Suddenly, a horse neighed from the distance. That terrible, echoing sound hushed everyone to silence. Methos gritted his teeth. He knew a challenge when he heard one.

"No," he told the seeress. "It's time to put a stop to this once and for all."