Paula woke up early. She always woke up early on audition days, on most days really, but it was only 5:06am according to the clock on the nightstand. She had another hour before she really had to think about getting up, getting showered, and bogging through another day mad at Simon.

No wait, hadn't they made up? Her sleep fogged mind struggled to remember. She tried to roll over and was stopped by two things. Her back was sore, stiff in a way it hadn't been in a while, and someone was pinning her down.

She looked down and saw an arm lying heavily across her bare stomach. Her eyes followed it up to the elbow, to the shoulder, and then to the man attached. Simon was in her bed and she was kind of naked.

Then she remembered. The backrub, the snuggling, and when she moved her feet a little, she could feel she still had her pants on which was a good sign. She remembered asking him to stay for a while. They must have fallen asleep. She wanted to go back to sleep, actually, but was a little unsettled that yesterday she was as mad at Simon as she has ever been and now they were asleep in the same bed, tangled like comfortable lovers. She ran her hand over his forearm and he tightened his hold on her, sighing in his sleep. Her cantankerous co-host really was a cuddlebug. She smoothed the hair back from his forehead and tugged lightly on his earlobe. He moved again, with another heavy sigh and brought his lips against her bare shoulder. He kissed it.

"Sleep, love," he mumbled and she smiled. The smile faltered after a moment though. She'd woken up disoriented and unsure of who was in bed with her. Maybe he thought he was with Terri or some leggy blonde thing that was seven feet taller than Paula. She wiggled until one of her legs was hooked over his and arched her back a little so the arm on her flat stomach rose and fell with her movement. When nothing happened, she moved a little more, as if she were trying to find a comfortable spot. "Paula, go to sleep," Simon said and bit her shoulder lightly where his mouth rested, as a warning.

She smiled.

"I can't," she whispered. Paula was one of those people who opened their eyes and was awake. She could rarely wake up and then go back to sleep again. If she were alone, she might lie in bed a while long with her eyes closed, but she would just be dozing, never fully unconscious. Simon finally opened his eyes to see her looking down at him. He moved his arm down so that his large hand was on her stomach and he started rubbing little warm circles on her bare flesh.

"You can," he said. "Close your eyes." Paula did as he told, taking a deep breath and forcing herself to relax. His hand on her tummy was comforting and she was just feeling like maybe she actually could get a few more minutes of sleep when his hand began to wander. He traced the line of her pants just below her hips and moved back up, running his thumb along the skin just below her under wire. Paula gasped and instinctively raised her hips, trying to get more contact. The evil hands moved back to safer ground and she wanted to scream.

She heard him chuckle. She wanted to punch him but thought it might be unproductive.

"Tease," she accused.

"Me?" he said in disbelief. "You!"

"I am not," she said, knowing she was. Teasing and frustration was the basis of their entire relationship; at least, it had been. Now they were in uncharted territory.

"You are," he said, mumbling into her skin. "You make me miserable."

"I try," she said. His hand started it's ascent again, but instead of cupping her breast like she so desperately wanted, he started tracing her collarbones, back and forth, dipping at her throat. She swallowed every time his finger passed over the soft skin of her neck. She wanted to say something, to say his name or ask him why he was torturing her but she was afraid of she spoke he would stop. His hand wormed up her neck and into her hair, scratching lightly at the base of her skull before moving back down and tracing squiggly patterns on the skin of her arm. Her breathing was beginning to pick up. But when she looked at him, he looked the same – unconcerned, sleepy, eyes-closed.

After several minutes, she'd begin to recognize his pattern – up and down, left and right, always just missing the areas she really wanted touched. She realized it was a holding pattern and he was waiting for permission. Did she want to give it? She could stop this now, she could firmly tell him no, to go to his own room and he would go. Maybe things wouldn't even change.

He was toying with the waistband of her pants, playing with the drawstring but not pulling hard enough to untie the bow. She couldn't take it. She put her hand on his and started pushing up, guiding his hand to her left breast.

"Are you sure?" he asked, his raspy voice the first signal that he, too, was feeling the heat.

"No," she whispered. But she pressed his hand more firmly and it was all the invitation he needed. He rolled over, moved atop her and started kissing her frantically. It wasn't a gentle kiss; his mouth was pressed hard into hers. Their teeth clinked; their tongues dueled. It was surprising at first, but soon she'd adjusted and bent her knees to allow him to lie more comfortably between her legs. She could feel the heaviness of his erection through his jeans – how had he slept in jeans? – against her center and she couldn't help but thrust her hips, grinding against him, which only made him kiss her harder.

His hand kneaded her breast; his fingers worked her nipple into a hard nub. It was almost too much, on just this side of pain when he moved and started on her other breast. He finally tore his lips away from hers to lick and bite at her neck, giving them both a chance to catch their breath.

"You've wanted me for so long," she gasped, trying to tease him to lighten the mood.

"Yes," he gasped, pushing his hips into her, admitting it freely. This was shocking. Usually he was on the ball with their little game of cat and mouse, always one upping her with his comebacks, and she'd never seen him give in so quickly. Which meant only one thing. He really had wanted her for so long. His talk had carried around a nugget of truth for years. It was mind-boggling.

And it made her want him all the more.

She locked her ankles around his back, arching so high that he groaned loudly. She put her hands on his face and forced his mouth back to hers. It was to the point where if there were no clothes between them, they would have been having sex. For Paula, dirty, amazing, hot sex, if this was any indication.

"Jesus," Simon gasped, pulling his mouth away. "Slow down. I need..."

"What?" she said.

"I need to touch more of you," he begged. She nodded. His eyes were glassy and dilated and she imagined she looked much the same.

"Okay," she said. He kissed down her front to her breast and latched on to one of her nipples. The contrast of his slick, smooth tongue and the rough lace was too much and she cried out, holding on to his head, alternately pulling him toward her and pushing him away. It was too much feeling and sensation. Her head swam with it.

Distantly, she thought she heard her phone ring but she couldn't be bothered.

Simon managed to get her bra off without her realizing it. She saw it, dimly, flying away from the bed and it was just his mouth on her. She wrapped her arms around him, touching all of his back that she could. She got a hold of his t-shirt and pulled it up and over his head. He tossed it aside and their hands clashed as they both tried to go for each other's pants. Paula won, though, and unbuttoned his jeans. She wanted them off, but that was too much work so she reached her hand in and circled his cock with a squeeze.

"Oh God, oh God," Simon moaned. "Yes."

Paula started stroking him slowly, experimentally while he moaned into her neck as if in agony.

There was a loud knocking at her door.

"Damn," Paula said. "That's Lauren."

"She can sod off," Simon said, and whimpered as Paula withdrew her hand.

"She has a key," Paula said. "Baby, move." She pushed him off and he muttered under his breath what sounded a lot like curse words. Paula found her tank top on the floor and threw it on inside out. She looked down and saw that it didn't exactly make her chest decent but rushed to the door just as Lauren slid her key in. She opened it a crack.

"Hey," said Lauren, surprised. "You are awake. You didn't answer your phone."

"What's up?" she asked, resisting the urge to wipe her mouth or fluff her hair.

"Daniel had a family emergency. You have to go to the arena early to be made up by Idol staff," Lauren said apologetically.

"Okay, fine," Paula said. "See you there." She started to close the door.

"Wait," Lauren said, her eyes narrowing in suspicion. Usually Daniel's absence resulted in a mini-meltdown and she was being awfully cavalier about it. "Are you okay?"

"Fine," Paula said. "I need to shower." She closed the door. Lauren glared at the closed door, just inches from his face, knowing that Paula was hiding something. Knowing, without a doubt, that Simon Cowell was inside that room.

oooo

Simon stood beside the bed bare-chested with his jeans undone. He ran his hands through his hair a little shyly. Paula smiled at him, crossing her arms against the suddenly noticeable chill of the morning.

"Everything okay?" he asked.

"Mini hair and make-up drama," Paula said. "It's fine."

"So..." he said, trailing off. "We almost just had sex there."

"Yep," she said. "We almost did." After a beat of uncomfortable silence, he walked over to her and hugged her. She raised her chin and kissed him, feeling relieved that he didn't run away.

"I'm not going anywhere," he promised as if reading her mind.

"I know," she whispered. "Except for you have to go."

"What?"

"I have to go to the arena early to get made up," she said.

"I'll ride with you," Simon said.

"Really?"

"Yep. Meet you in the lobby at 6:30?" he said. She nodded. He kissed her again and went to gather his clothes while she went to shower.

With the water running hotly over her, she let her forehead rest against he cool tile for a moment. Six and a half years of foreplay had proved to be too much and they had almost snapped. She had wanted him badly and she wanted him still. They had really crossed a line and she knew they were either going to sleep together or end their friendship. Maybe, she thought worriedly, both.

Her shower was fast and she dressed quickly, pulling her hair into an inconspicuous ponytail. She put on her big sunglasses and a trench coat and made her way down to the lobby hoping not to be seen. Simon was there and they made it into the waiting limo with no incidences.

Simon, as usual, had the partition rolled up between them and the driver. This hotel wasn't as close to the arena as they were used to being. They had to get on the freeway and just as they were pulling away, the driver's voice on the intercom informed them of a traffic accident that was going to add at least twenty minutes on to their journey.

"I guess I should just resign myself to being late for today," Paula said. "I hope Nigel doesn't kill me."

"It will be fine. You can't be blamed for traffic," he said. "Besides, I think I know what we can do to kill the time."

"What?" she asked. He was sitting across from her and he smiled wickedly. "I don't trust that look." He grabbed her legs and tugged, so she lost her balance and slid down with a small yelp. He undid the sash of her coat to see the short dress she wore – so many dresses this season.

"Maybe try to finish a little of what we started?" he said, kneeling on the carpet in front of her.

"Simon," she hissed. "We're not exactly alone."

"You'll have to be quiet, then," he said. He slid his hands up under her dress and hooked his fingers through the elastic of her underwear. She gasped, realizing that he was serious. She tried to bring her knees together, but he tugged the underwear off and tucked it into his pocket.

"I don't think this is a good idea," she breathed. He kissed her knee and pushed the skirt up as he kissed further and further up her thigh until she could feel his breath against her. He was really going to do it – he was really going to go down on her in the limo and she was going to let him.

"Oh, but it is," he said, placing a kiss on her thigh before running his tongue through her wetness. She gasped and tried not to jerk her knees into his head. He put his hands on her knees to stabilize her as he pushed his tongue inside her. Any calmness or sanity she'd regained since Lauren interrupted them was immediately gone.

She was suddenly really glad there were never any cameras in the limo. She grabbed hold of his hair and tried not to thrust against him. His tongue found her clit and began to circle it roughly. He wasn't wasting any time. He was trying to get her off as quickly as possibly and it was working.

"Fingers," she gasped and he took the hint and pushed a finger inside her, then two, curving them as he thrusted. He played with angles until she hissed in pleasure and he knew he'd found the right spot. He sucked her clit in between his teeth and bit down lightly. "I'm gonna... Simon, I'm gonna..."

He moaned against her, adding a third finger and her vision swam in the most familiar way. Suddenly her hips were bucking up off the seat and she was holding him against her so hard that she was sure to be suffocating him. But he was relentless and kept licking her through wave after wave of her orgasm. She didn't care if she was screaming or whimpering or groaning loudly. It was the most amazing feeling and when her body finally relaxed, she collapsed back down into the seat and he kissed her lightly and petted her soothingly while she regained her bearings. He kissed down her leg until he sat back on his heels and grinned at her, his lips wet with her juices.

She looked at him, her expression shocked. If she hadn't been there, she wouldn't have believed what had just happened. She lunged at him, pressing her mouth against his. She could taste herself mixed with essence of Simon and it was intoxicating. She fumbled for his jeans and undid the zipper.

"We don't have time," he moaned as she fished him out of his boxers. "We don't have protection."

As much as she wanted to sink down on him at the moment, he was right. This was neither the time nor the place for the first time she fucked Simon. Instead she pushed him back onto the seat and returned the favor by getting down on her knees and kissing the weeping tip of his penis. He let his head fall back and sunk his hands into her damp hair, which had come loose. She licked him from base to tip before sucking it all into her mouth. The sight of Paula on her knees with hollowed out cheeks was almost too much in its self.

He watched her head bob up and down. Her hot, silky mouth felt amazing on him and soon he was thrusting into her lips uncontrollably. She kept up a fast rhythm, using her free hand to massage his balls. He prided himself in his stamina, but after their morning romp and getting her off, he was already to his limit and this pushed him over the edge.

"Paula," he said, trying to warn her, but she just gave him one, last hard suck and he was gone. He shot into her mouth and she swallowed what he gave her, licking him clean. They felt the limo begin to slow. "Oh my God," he said. She leaned back and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand.

"That should take the edge off," she said, pulling her skirt back down and closing her coat. He was boneless and in awe of what had just happened. "Simon!" she said. He realized he was still exposed and the engine had been turned off. He hastily tucked himself away and had just buttoned his jeans when the door opened. Paula slid out first, thanking the driver with a sweet smile. Simon followed, stumbling a little on the curb. His knees felt like jelly and he was still in disbelief that American Idol's sweetheart had returned his favor. She leaned into him as he opened the door to the arena for her.

"I need my underwear back before we go on air," she whispered.

"I'm never giving these back," he whispered, glancing around for cameras. It was still early and Paula wasn't made up so he didn't expect to see anyone filming yet, but he had to be sure. "If anything, I'm framing these over a sign that says best day ever."

"I'm serious," she said.

"So am I," he said. She glared at him as they got into the elevator. As soon as the doors closed, she turned to kiss him deeply. He felt her fish the panties out of his back pocket and tuck them into her own pocket but he didn't care. It wasn't even 8:00am and he'd already had two sexual encounters with Paula Abdul.

There would be more of her knickers in his future. He would make sure of that.