Another trade show, another junket to Vegas and yet another mind-numbing three days of pretending to love my job. Yet here I was, in for three more days of meetings, presentations and handshakes, pitching the wares of my health insurance employer.
I went through the motions for the first two days and by the second night I was over it. I needed a break, something to take me away from the tedium of a job I'd been doing for too long. On top of it all, I'd left home after another fight with my wife, an argument over nothing, really, that had me flying off to Vegas in a funk.
Back in my room, the TV running an anonymous college football game, I sipped a beer, contemplating ways to rise above my down mood. I thought about calling the wife but wasn't sure that would help. Instead, I picked up the bedside phone and dialed the hotel concierge. It had been years since I'd had a massage, the last one being a his/hers massage at a Mexican beach resort, and the concierge was prompt in setting me up with an in-room rub down. Before the masseuse even arrived I felt a release of some of the tension that had been building in my body. I needed this.
When I opened the door I was taken aback by the masseuse standing in the entry, holding a standard massage table. It was a dude and not what I had expected. He could tell immediately that I was surprised, if not a bit shocked. Right away, he went into damage control. "Sorry man, I can see I'm not what you expected," he said.
"I guess not," I replied, trying not to sound too put off. "I did ask for a woman though...and obviously..."
"No, I get it. It's just that on such short notice, we didn't have anyone else available. I was gonna call up but figured I'd just come by and see if I could fill in."
I thought about if for a few seconds. I'd really been looking forward to this for the past hour and I figured it really didn't matter much what hands worked their magic on my muscle tension so I thought, what the hell. "Well, you're already here and I appreciate the prompt service so...come on in."
Johnny, my masseuse, was a fit guy, probably in his mid twenties, dressed in athletic shorts and a casual polo shirt emblazoned with the hotel logo. He set up the table next to the bed and asked me to change out of my clothes and come back in a towel draped over my waist. When I returned from the bathroom, I laid out prone on the sheet-covered table and fixed the towel over my midsection.
Johnny asked if I wanted any particular music and when I said I didn't have any preference, he tuned in some basic mysto-Eastern type stuff that I considered a typical wellness vibe. And then he started in on my shoulders.
Aside from asking what areas I wanted him to concentrate on, he said little for the next fifteen minutes and I zoned out with my eyes shut and mind quieted. Soon my body was entirely relaxed and I could feel the tension release from my shoulders and arms, then down in my back. He worked warm oil into my skin, alternately utilizing his fingers and the heels of his hands the massage the muscles of my upper body.
"I'm going to move down to your legs now, okay?" he asked after working his way down my back.
"Sure," I replied. "This feels great."
"Well good. Just let me know if you have any areas that need attention."
Johnny started in on my calves, first dripping warm oil along the length, then rubbing it gently in. "You've got great tone in you calves," he commented as he rubbed the oil in. "You look like a guy who keeps himself fit."
I thought for a second about my wife and wondered how long it had been since she complimented me on my efforts to keep in shape. I was always telling her how good she looked but it seemed to fall on deaf ears. At forty-five, I took pride in my fitness. "Thanks, I try," I replied.
Johnny continued up my legs, working my calves and then my hamstrings, really digging into the muscle then backing off and gently massaging the skin. I flinched when his hand moved up higher on my inner thigh an he backed off, commenting, "Sorry, let me move the towel up a bit to get to your upper hams and glutes."
And then his hand inched higher and higher up my leg with each pass, slowly working up to my ass. He really worked the area where my ass met the top of my thigh. With this section complete on each side, the boundary was pushed further as his hand slid the towel up to my lower back, exposing my ass to him. I think he sensed my surprise, and asked, "You okay?"
"Fine," I replied. "Just a little tense, that's all."
With that, he continued, and drizzled warm oil on my ass cheeks, a drop of which rolled down my crack. It felt oddly delightful but nothing like what came next as his talented hands started in on my glutes. He worked the oil in gently at first, covering all of my ass real estate, top to bottom and side to side, dipping slightly into the crack on several passes. For the first time, I felt a slight stirring in my cock.
I didn't want to admit it but I was thoroughly enjoying this intense attention my ass was receiving and as he continued I emitted an involuntary low moan. After what seemed like a much appreciated but perhaps inordinate amount of time concentrated on my ass, Johnny's hand slipped further down into my crack and I felt the slickness of the oil smear across my inner fold, once, twice and then a third time in which his hand slowly eased down across my anus. I flinched.
"Sorry," he said softly.
"No worries," I replied. Of course, I knew he wasn't sorry. He was working me over, pushing the boundaries and I myself was wondering where the line was. I am not gay nor have I ever been with a man but at the same time, this was feeling magnificent and I was in Las Vegas. His hands resumed their mission, massaging my ass and sliding up and down my ass crack, deep down into my inner thighs. I moaned softly.
Not only was I releasing tension and the occasional moan, I was also getting hard. Really hard. I purged all outside thoughts from of my mind and stared down at the floor as I enjoyed another slow glide of his hand down my ass crack, wondering where this was headed. Minutes passed and my entire body fell into a state of bliss, an erotic alternate reality where nothing mattered except the sensual ministrations of my male masseuse.
When his hand eventually returned to the starting position, it grabbed the towel and moved it to my side. "Time for the B side," he stated.
I wasn't sure how to reposition myself while hiding my uncontrollable erection but I did my best to cover it with the towel as I rolled over and repositioned on my back. I kept my knees up too, hoping this might help. But instead, Johnny smoothed my legs down to horizontal while stating softly, "Just relax and enjoy it."
So there I laid, my stiffy pitching a terry cloth tent, as Johnny went back to work on me, starting with my legs and working quickly back up to the inner thigh region. Not a minute in, the towel was cast aside to the floor. "Let me know if you want me to stop at any time," he added.
There was no stopping now. I was locked and loaded as Johnny progressed to gently massage my balls with his hand and then, to my surprise, his mouth. Then he repositioned me, moving my legs back into a spread position, raising my knees back up with my ass down closer to the end of the table. I was in a trance, fully engaged in this oddly ecstatic experience that I could never have imagined happening to me. Yet here I was with Johnny's mouth working some magic on my balls. His hands continued massaging my inner thighs before one wandered up eventually, taking hold of my cock. His hand explored my length and girth gently, smoothly caressing me up and down as his tongue tickled the underside of my sack. Then his head raised up to join his hand at my cock and he patiently ran his tongue along my underside. He stopped at the underside of the head, enflamed in a deep purple, then slowly licked me there like a lollipop. His lips joined his tongue as he kissed the sensitive underside of my cock before taking me into his mouth.
Johnny was half on the table now and my cock was firmly planted in his mouth. He worked slowly, alternately swirling his tongue around the head and taking me halfway in. My eyes seemed to roll back in my head as his oral talents drove me further into an altered state of ecstasy. His free hand reached up and pinched my nipple, driving me even faster. His pace quickened and it seemed his hands continued to find other areas to please as his mouth drove me to a higher and higher plane. I could feel myself building toward a massive release.
Johnny sensed that I was close and his pace quickened, then stopped as he took me all the way in, bottoming at my pubic bone. Again he started up, slowly, then increasing then bottoming with a pause. After several of these cycles my hands grasped the sides of the table, my body seized and I exploded in a tremendous release.
Johnny took the first salvoes deep, then pulled out and took several more in his open mouth as his hand pumped my throbbing cock. Ropes of cum shot out, covering his waiting lips as his tongue lapped at the head of my pulsating head. When I finally finished unloading on him he took me into his mouth again, slowly and softly, engulfing me all the way to the base. He paused there again, feeling the last weak throbs of my deflating cock, before slowly backing off and releasing me from his warm grip.
"Fuck," I gasped.
That was all that was said for the next several minutes as my mind raced to different places taking in what had just transpired. Oddly enough, I felt more turned on than anything. Johnny had given me the most amazing orgasm I'd had in years and all I could think of now was wanting to return the favor. I continued laying there on the table with my eyes closed and heard him stir to his feet and start to gather some things. I opened my eyes and sat up. "That was fucking amazing," I stated.
"Glad you enjoyed it." He stood with the towel in his hand by his waist and I noticed a sizable bulge in his shorts.
"I need to take a shower."
"Yeah, I guess you do."
Feeling emboldened, I looked to him, then down to his crotch, before adding, "I'd like you to join me."
Johnny said nothing but didn't need to as he started to pull his shirt off over his head. His body was taut, like a swimmer. He was broad at the shoulders and lean right down to his narrow waist and six-pack abs. Once out of his shirt, he quickly shed his shoes and dropped his shorts.
Standing naked before me, Johnny was quite a sight. I have never spent much time ogling male bodies but can appreciate a fine physique, and this was fine. His cock stood straight out, bigger than mine, and sculpted beautifully with a bulbous mushroom head and thick veins. I stepped off the table and faced him.
He took a step forward and so did I. Slowly, I reached out and took his cock in my hand, the first time I'd touched another man in a sexual way. His lips parted in a half smile. I held his cock timidly, marveling at it's softness and felt it still growing. "I think the shower can wait," I stated confidently.
With that, I dropped to my knees and paused with my face mere inches from Johnny's rigid member. I again took hold of him, this time down near the base. I gave his cock a few gentle tugs and then, with my hand pulling it back to fully show the beautiful head in all it's majesty, I too him in my mouth.
Strangely, it felt natural. I'd had my cock sucked enough to know what feels good and now I knelt there wanting to deliver pleasure just like I'd received myself. I bobbed slowly up and down a few times to get the feel of it and judging by his moans, I was doing just fine.
I did everything Johnny had done to me, working his length, licking and sucking his balls, paying special attention to the sensitive underside and varying the pace of my delivery. The only thing I had trouble with was taking all of him in. That would take practice, I suppose. Other than that, I have to say I was really enjoying the experience, which was hard to fathom.
I figured Johnny might take a while to cum, being a young guy and all, but after about five minutes of concentrated pleasure giving, I could sense a coming crescendo. I released him from my mouth and pumped him slowly for a bit, looking up at him to check his expression. He caught me looking and smiled, before groaning, "Feels so fucking good."
I felt a tinge of pride and took him back in my mouth. I focused on the head and upper third of his generous length, working my tongue feverishly on the underside of his head. I felt him building. I quickened the pace. His hands gripped my head, his fingers woven into my hair. He began to fuck my face as I struggled to maintain a strong suction.
Johnny's body tightened and he let out a long "Fuuuccckkkk" as his cum exploded into my mouth. I gripped the bottom of his shaft and pumped it vigorously as rope after rope of cum blew up in my mouth. It all happened so fast that I hardly realized that as he fired away I was slurping up his cum and swallowing. He was cumming prodigious amounts and I had to free his cock from my mouth and take the last ropes in my face. One shot landed at the base of my nose, then next on my lips, then the final spasms oozed out and ran down his cock onto my hand.
He was alternately breathing hard and moaning, his orgasm slowly subsiding. I put my mouth back to work cleaning him up and, like he had with me, finished by taking him deep one last time as his erection started to soften.
Neither of us said anything for a few minutes, He ran his fingers through my hair as he recovered while I remained on my knees. Finally, he broke the silence. "So, how about we take that shower now?"