"Okay, here's the plan," Major Hadden said as the tel'tak Quantico approached the place where it would drop out of hyperspace and approach Earth. "We can't cloak until we come out of hyperspace, but we shouldn't appear as more than a blip on someone's radar. Carter, you'll suit up, and we'll ring you out to the satellite so you can hook up your device."

"You're going to have to be ready to go as soon as I'm done," Sam said. "The hook-up might cause some kind of visible spike in power readings. We don't want someone to spot me or the ship's power signature if they look this way." Hadden nodded.

"Coming out of hyperspace in three minutes," Lieutenant McKenzie warned.

"I'll go get suited up," Sam said, McKenzie on her heels.

She went into the cargo bay and McKenzie started to help her into her space suit, one from the collection that had been taken from the Odyssey. The device she would be installing was sitting on the floor, next to her helmet. It was about the size of a shoebox, with a semicircle curve along three sides, like a cylinder cut in half. To prevent a power drain from the satellite, the device would provide its own power from the solar panels that covered the curved portions. Once installed, it would send a burst of information to a computer at their base, once a day, using a beam of light as a carrier. After some debate, they'd chosen half a dozen television news stations to collect information from, in the hope that something useful would pop up. They hadn't figured out how to get to more sensitive information, so they were hoping that following the news would be enough.

There was a slight jerk as they came out of hyperspace, and McKenzie put the helmet over Sam's head, locking it in place.

"Audio's working?" Hadden said in her ear, and she tossed him a thumbs up. "We're in position…now. I'll send you down when you're ready."

McKenzie handed her the device and stepped out of the way so that Sam was alone on the ring platform. "Do it." There was the momentary disorientation of ring transport and then she was out in space, the satellite a few feet in front of her. She reached out, grabbed one of the rungs of the ladder along the satellite's side, and pulled herself in. She pried the appropriate panel open and went to work attaching the device, using tools from a kit attached to her belt. Earth hovered in her peripheral vision, but she didn't let herself stop and look. She could hear her heartbeat in her ears.

"Carter, we might have a problem," Hadden said when she was almost done.

"Yeah?"

"I've detected a ship within scan range," McKenzie said. "It's the General Hammond."

"I'm almost done." Sam patched the last few wires she'd clipped after connecting her device. "How long until they spot me?"

"With the rotation of the satellite, there's no way to tell," Hadden said. "Just finish quickly."

Sam connected the last wire and the lights along the end of the device lit up. "Alright, get me out of here," she said, pushing off from the satellite with her feet. Seconds later she was falling to her knees inside the cargo bay and pulling off her helmet despite the suit's heavy gloves. "Go!"

She sat down just as they jumped into hyperspace. She started the laborious process of stripping out of the suit. "Did they detect us?" she called.

"Unknown," McKenzie said. "They're not following us, but there's no way to know if they can detect what you did to the satellite."

"Well, we'll find out if it doesn't transmit tomorrow morning," Sam pointed out, and Hadden nodded. "There's nothing more we can do until then. Let's just get back to base."