Trouble In Eden
by bangy

Where I live, we have a night club called Eden. 
This is definitely what I would call the real garden of Eden, which always flourishes with the best kind of flowers of all, and I am talking about lots, and lots of near, and sometimes completely naked girls, all of them built with bodies, that all of us lucky men, would happily die for just a glimpse of. You women are the best of us….yeah, I’m a fan!. 
Obviously, it is where the men go, to see pole dancers, lap dancers etc, etc, and for £20 English pounds, a private fifteen minute strip tease naked dance, in one of the many cubicles, with just the chosen girl, and the man that chose her, and last night in my case, it was her and me. This was only the second time ever that I’ve had a private dance, the last time was in December of 2010.….I loved it then too. 
It was no accident that I got the same girl as before…I chose her. 
I’m no fool, I chose the best one in the house. 
All the women dancers in there would knock spots of any Bo Derek look alike that you could care to mention, but this particular one was very special, and I would have gladly paid double if I had to…..but don’t tell her that…lol!. 
Honestly, everything about this girl is perfection of the highest quality. 
The Firmest 38 inch breasts that you could ever wish to see, attached to her succulent edible body, from her head, right down to her beautiful toes. She is the only one to take her shoes off too, she’s not suppose to, but because she remembered me from before, she let me take them off her feet for her, so for a few brief moments I could accidentally on purpose play with her lovely soft feet….there is always method in my madness!!. 

I know the rules, no touching, but, she can touch me. 

Once she got her feet back from me, she began her slow strip dance routine. 
The reason why she is different from all the others (so I’m told!) she touches every part of the man she is dancing for, using the whole of her naked body, well last night, she touched and licked me all over my clothed body, but the way she was doing it, made me feel like I was naked. 
She knelt down at my groin, licking and playing with my now rapidly firming log. 
Log!!, more like a bloody tree trunk….Christ, I almost shot my bolt then. 

She remembered me from before. 
“Oh my god….it’s the Commando kid!” 

(no underwear!, I know it sounds weird and disgusting, but I just don’t like wearing them, and of course it makes it easier for her, to get to my more sensual parts more quicker!) 

She homed in all over me, licking my ears, my face, undoing my shirt, (she wasn’t suppose to do that, but hey, I’ll never complain!) licking and pawing gently at my chest, god, that must have been Eden, because right then I was in heaven….but who cares?. 
She was kiss teasing me, flicking out her tongue, and licking my lips, rubbing her nipples across my mouth, prompting my tongue to do some work. I could tell that she was turned on, because her nipples were as firm as ball bearings. 
You can tell she, and the others like their work. 
It must be great to also be paid for doing something one likes. 

For fifteen minutes she was all mine, and gyrated her sexy stuff all over me. 
The loveliest decease I have ever been given. I didn’t need bloody Viagara, after she finished with me, I was a tent pole for the rest of the night, it is still at half mast now, some Fourteen hours or so later. 

Anyway, enough about me personally, this is where I’ll soon be coming to the whole point of my story. 

I had gone there with my usual group of Brotherly Friends, whom I think the world of. 
After I came out, and still excited, trying not to look obvious, trying not to take any ones eye out with a certain extended part of my anatomy, I sat down with them, not so many yards from where a group of about ten were dancing, and looking into the audience. 
About 4 of them came into the crowd and dragged some groom to be into their lair, and between them and the other 6, stripped him totally naked, which his friends had secretly paid for. Apart from actual sexual intercourse, they did everything else to him, about 6 of them took it in turns to jerk his gism out of him in front of everyone, thus leaving him tied up flat on a raised bed and his whole body covered in his silvery man fluid. 
He, myself and everyone else, especially the girls, were loving every minute of it. 

Anyway, whilst they were in the process of tickling this poor guy to apoplexy, with even more girls joining in the fun, from behind me, there was suddenly a lot of noisy commotion, ie shouting swearing arguing, etc, etc, we looked around and in walked 2 very irate much older women, say in their 40s, perhaps younger!….but not much!. 

In a nutshell, they were moaning about how disgusting the whole place was, and how disgusting the girls were, for doing what they do for a living. 
“How dare you call this obscenity….Eden!” 
One shouted, as they both raised up their bibles!. 
Oh no, the Religious PC Brigade had arrived, and now once again raising its ugly head. 

Some people just have far too much time on their hands!, why cant people mind their own fucking business, and let us people, live and let live?. 

They were either very stupid, or very brave, but the 2 of them admirably stood their ground, and resolutely, and for a while, they were doing a good job, of ruining everyone’s evening, changing the whole ambiance, of the nights sexy proceedings. 

Of course, we joined in to, most of us telling them…where to get off, but in not very nice words.. Even over the great crescendo of noise, we were all having our point heard. 

But this wasn’t the place for that, if they want politics, then piss off to London. 

For bible bashers, they were being extremely rude to the girls especially, calling them all tarts, slag’s, and sluts, it was getting so heated, that I was expecting the police to arrive. 
Before long, the girls, were getting quite pissed off, well they wanted to get back to work, and of course, so did we want them to get back to doing what they did best.. 

Suddenly from out of nowhere, from different entrances, even more of the girls came out, probably from their breaks etc, etc. 

The 2 god squad ladies hadn’t noticed about 6 of them very quickly creeping up behind them, from out of an adjacent room. 

One smiled at me, winking, pointing at our drinks. 
“Can we have your beers please lads, we’ll give you new ones!” 
One whispered. 

Before we could answer, the glasses were picked up, and quickly poured all over these 2 from all angles, completely saturating them, then with that, all hell broke loose, as others ran in from behind and with a hefty shove, both of them were made to topple over onto their backs, in the matted pole dancing circle. 
Before the 2 could utter another word, they were piled on from every angle. 
“Come on girls….lets show these kill joys, what sluts we really can be!” 
Then before our very shocked eyes, the irate dancers began to roughly undress them, from every conceivable angle possible, no matter how much they screamed, there were just too many hands, and busy fingers at work to stop them. 
Well naturally, the whole place was in pandemonium mode, as obviously no one had for-seen this extra bit of free entertainment. 
4 Shoes went flying across the room, followed by their coats, and everything they had been wearing, ie one skirt, a pair of jogging bottoms 2 scruffy blouses, one White, one Green. Tights from one!, a pair of socks, from the other! , and finally 2 bra’s, and 2 pairs of empty panties. 

They didn’t stand a chance, they were naked within about 3 minutes. 
God, it was frightening, watching them ladies work, and so efficient too. 
Whilst other girls poured more beer all over their sagging kicking bodies, some others had brought out a few sacks of flour, and proceeded to completely cover these 2 from head to toe. Amongst the victorious giggling, there was White powder everywhere, even a few dust spatters on our clothes too. 
By the time the girls had finished, these 2 bible aliens were lying held down naked, wriggling and kicking, both as White, as White could get…and I mean every where. 
Their nipples wasn’t the normal cherry Red anymore, but more of an Opache. 
They looked like, 2 abominable snow-women. 
Christ, what a night, and we only paid £8 pound to get in. 

Of course, It could have been only an act, and a set up, but those white naked women, sounded like they were crying, and now definitely swearing…..not very Christian like. 

One of the girls picked up a microphone. 
“Sorry guys….normal service will soon be resuming!” 
“Right get the bitches out of here!” 
Called out another one. 
The 2 bible bashers had been so overwhelmed, that they didn’t have time to complain about anything, as they were quickly dragged upon to their white bare feet, leaving messy footprints everywhere, as they struggled to stay inside now. 
“Just taking out the trash boys!” 
With that, they were both unceremoniously dragged kicking and screaming across the floor, down the stairs, and I suppose out into the street. 
We heard a big welcome cheer, from the hundreds of wandering revellers outside as the doors were opened, then closed. 

I don’t know what happened after that, 
But when we went home, we could see lots, and lots of white footprints outside on the pavement, and all over the place. 

We were given fresh free drinks (compliments of Eden!) and for the next hour, after most of the mess had been cleaned up, we went back to watching those naked ladies strutting their sublime stuff. 

You know, I have only been twice, but now, I am thinking about going there by myself, perhaps more often, perhaps even once a month. 
I’ve got the bug now, its like a drug, I have just got to see naked ladies, and my wife wont show me hers, so what else can I do. 
I know I probably sound disgusting, going to this club, but I’ve got to be allowed to be naughty some time, and have some fun, and I don’t apologise for being a Red blooded man, one damn bit. 

Isn’t it natural, to want to see members of the opposite sex….n, n, naked!?. 

It has now dawned on me, at long last…after all this time wasted by me, 

Eden is the place for a man (mostly!) to either be stripped…eek, or to actually see people being stripped!!!. And wow…..ye ha, all by a bunch of wild stripping crazy females. 
And if you think about it, it is so bloody obvious…..isn’t it folks?. 
Now, I’ll buy that for twenty quid. 

Oh yes, I am definitely going again!!. 
And I will be sure to make a report to you, about everything out of the ordinary that I see. 

The End.
