The New Rules
By SuperEvil

Chapter 20

Adam and Sam's science teacher had pulled the two thirteen year olds aside that morning, asking to see them out in the hall. She was interested in seeing the progress of their project thus far. "I trust you've had no trouble with your test subject?"

"Oh no, Ms. Burke. Here, look." Adam pulled out his phone, and after entering a secret code into an app to reveal a hidden directory, he started scrolling through the photos of Sam from the last two days. "Sam and I thought it would be easier to document our test subject with pictures." He explained.

The teacher gave her pupils a little smirk. She had a very strong inkling that the girl in the photographs was really Sam, as she seemed to be blushing very heavily now. "This is good work, you two. I'm very impressed. I'd like to bump your presentation up to Friday if you don't mind."

"Sure, we can go on Friday." Sam said with a bit of relief. Her worry was that her teacher was going to somehow recognize her right away.

"Adam, let me see that second picture you showed me again." The teacher requested, and Adam scrolled back through until he found the photo she was asking for. "Yes. That one. Make sure you crop it a bit more. The test subject's dark hair is coming down behind her shoulders here, and it might reveal the girl's identity." Sam turned bright red as her teacher gave her another large smirk and said, "I will admit, she does have very exquisite looking breasts. This will make for an excellent presentation, you two. Good work!" before she ushered the two back into the classroom.

After school, Sam met up with Adam. If they were going to present on Friday, then they needed to hustle. Walking back to Adam's house with them were Cody, Travis, Lilly, and even Hope.

Once the six teens were all inside the house, Adam announced, "Alright girls, time to strip naked!" With a large grin. Then he turned to his male friends and spoke softly. "It never gets old saying that to them."

Sam rolled her eyes at him when she overheated his comment, but that was the most resistance the girls put up about getting nude. Hope's casual clothes, and Lilly's much more formal wear came off easily, but Sam usually dressed in lots of layers. Her cargo pants, combined with her hiking boots and the three layers of tops she had worn, plus her bra, meant she was the last of the three girls to remove her clothes completely. But eventually, she was just as naked as the other girls. Now her only difference was that she was the only dark haired girl among blondes.

"Anyone want anything to drink?" Adam offered politely.

"Yeah, I'll take a coke." Travis said. The other teens all agreed they also wanted something, so Adam asked Sam for some help in the kitchen.

"Mom? Mrs. Stevens?" Adam was surprised to see his mom and her boss in the kitchen. Both women were sitting at the kitchen table, with their laptops in front of them. And both women were nude too, obviously.

"Hi Adam. How was school?" His mom asked with a smile. "Mrs. Stevens and I both took the day off today to work on the Feminudists presentation we are giving tomorrow."

"Please Susan. In this context you can call me Karen." Mrs. Stevens said, like this was not the first time she had reminded the woman.

"Oh yes. Sorry. Right. Karen and I are working on the Feminudists presentation for tomorrow." His mom corrected.

"That's great." said Adam with a smile. "School was good. Ms. Burke asked us to move our science project up to Friday."

"Oh, what's your science project about?" Mrs. Stevens asked.

"We're doing it on what it's like for a girl to be naked in front of a boy her age." Adam explained.

"Oh, and this pretty young lady must be your test subject?" She asked with a smirk.

Sam blushed deep red as she answered. "We are partners on the project actually, ma'am, but yes, I am also the test subject. But that is supposed to be a secret."

"Well your secret's safe with me." Mrs. Stevens gave her a little wink.

"Did I hear someone else come in with you when you got home, Adam?" His mom asked.

"Yes mom. Travis and Cody are here. Lilly and Hope too. I offered to get everyone something to drink."

"Oh Hope's here? She was the polite young lady that stayed for dinner with us last night, right? I'll come say hi to everyone, and help you with the drinks." She offered, getting up from the table.

All four were soon heading from the kitchen, each carting enough glasses for everybody. Susan and Karen both greeted the rest of the teens warmly, and they all sat down in the living room, enjoying each other's company.

There was a bit of a break in the conversation, when the doorbell went off. It was Gwen. She and Chrissy had both come over, mainly so Gwen could see Travis. The girls had been hanging out at her house since high school let out. While Gwen had made the short trek from her house to the Larsons' naked, Chrissy was too timid to do the same. Adam's mom had to ask her to remove her clothes as soon as she entered the house.

After that, they basically picked up the conversation where it had left off. Mostly it was the two moms going over their Feminudist presentation for tomorrow. Eventually the women went back to working on their presentation, taking the kids' suggestions into account.

Once they had left the room, Sam poked Adam in the arm, and said they should probably make some progress on their own project today. "Oh, you mean your guyses science project?" Hope asked with a little giggle. Sam couldn't stop herself from blushing again.

"What did you guys end up deciding on doing?" Cody asked with some curiosity.

Adam and Sam both turned to one another, with an unsure look on their faces. Neither were really sure how to respond. Cody and Travis both shared this class with them, and Adam hadn't had a chance to ask them to keep quiet, but thought this was as good a time to do it as any. "I'm going to tell you, but I need you guys to swear to secrecy." He said. "I mean all of you."

Sam could only watch on in humiliation when he got up and started explaining, but she also knew there was a chance the two boys might realize the photos were of her when they presented their work on Friday, so knew it was better they were informed now, and didn't have a chance to blurt it out in class.

Adam was just finishing with his explanation. "So Ms. Burke bumped our project up to Friday."

Hope had a little smirk on her lips, but otherwise the other teens all seemed a bit shocked at the project. "So you're gonna show naked pictures of Sam to our entire class on Friday!?" Travis just blurted out.

"Settle down!" Adam tried to calm things down, seeing that Sam was getting upset. "It's supposed to be a secret, and no one will know it's Sam."

"Except us." Cody said, grimly.

"You guys are my best friends, and I trust you guys. I know you both will keep this a secret because I asked." Adam said, really hoping that was true.

"Yeah, of course we will." Travis gave a serious look, nodding his head in agreement.

"Yes. Absolutely." Cody added, with his own head nod.

That gave Sam a bit of relief to hear, but then Gwen addressed her with another one of her worries. "Ok, so maybe they won't recognize you, but you're still going to be showing pictures of your privates to the entire class. How will you ever make it through the presentation?"

"I offered to do most of the talking." Adam said, coming over to place his hand on Sam's shoulder to give her some support and calm her down a bit. "We're gonna spend tomorrow afternoon together, going over the presentation over and over, until we both can recite it in our sleep."

"We are?" Sam gave him a surprised, but gratuitous little smile.

"Yes, we are." He massaged her shoulder with his hand. "Our presentation is going to be the absolute best presentation in the history of Ms. Burke’s science class!"

Despite her worries, Sam had to laugh a little at his proclamation. He smiled down at her, happy to at least brighten her mood a little.

"Oh no it won't!" Travis said. "Ours is gonna be way better!"

"Oh yeah? What's it about?" Gwen asked.

"It's all about magnets!" Cody answered excitedly. He didn't always apply himself, but he always had the most fun in science class.

Adam took his seat back next to Sam, saying, "You guys do know that this is a biology class, right?"

"Yeah! We're testing the effect of magnetic fields on organisms." Cody explained.

"Have you found any effect?" Hope asked with her smirk.

"No. Nothing." Cody answered, looking a little bummed. "But Ms. Burke said it's still a valid scientific study as long as we keep notes, whether anything happens or not."

Hope shifted her attention back to Sam, seeing that the girl was still upset, despite Adam's attempt to cheer her up. "Sam, what if there was a way for us to help you out? Adam, what If you guys changed the scope of your project a little. What if you had more than one girl volunteer to be your test subject?"

"Wait, are you volunteering?" Adam asked with surprise.

"Not just me. What if all the girls here volunteer to be test subjects for your experiment? All of us have been going naked in front of you guys for the last week or so. You can take some photos of all of us today, and then mix them in with the ones of Sam. That way it's not so obvious who is who." Hope said with an excited smile, happy to maybe have found a solution for Sam and her problem. "What do you say girls? Let's help Sam out!"

"I don't know if I can…" Chrissy's shyness had kept her from speaking the entire time she had been at the Larson household since she had arrived. She gave the group a forlorn look, hugging herself around her shoulders and even partially covering her breasts. Despite the occasions she had gone naked at Gwen's, she was nowhere even close to used to it. Having her naked photographs displayed in front of a classroom of thirteen year olds seemed like a nightmare to her.

"I'll do it." Gwen offered, despite her own nerves. "As long as you don't show my face or anything that would identify it as me, then sure."

Lilly was on the fence. She didn't share this class time with the others, but did have Ms. Burke for science in another period. Plus these were her contemporaries in the seventh grade, that she shared a lot of other classes with. "Let me see how you take the pictures first, and then I will decide." She offered.

"Ok," Adam said, getting back to his feet. "Hope, why don't I start with you, since this was your idea."

Hope got up as directed, standing in front of a blank white wall. Even if this had been her idea, and she had been happy to help out Sam, she could still feel her nerves buzzing. She might be in the eighth grade, but these were still students she might bump into on a daily basis.

Adam started by explaining to her how to stand. He told her to keep her arms at her sides, and stand naturally. Then he took the photo of her bare chest, and moved down to capture one of her bare, shaven slit too. Hope had a differently shaped chest from Sam, so it would be easy to tell the two girls apart there, but since both girls were shaved, it was a little more difficult to tell the two girls slits apart, at least in the legs closed position.

But Adam told her to spread her legs open for the next shot, which Hope obliged with a blush. The difference became apparent once her legs were open, as Hope's inner lips hung down ever so slightly, whereas Sam's outer lips were so plump they covered everything inside, even when she had her legs spread wide open.

Adam was satisfied with her pictures, so moved on to the next girl, Gwen. Gwen's boobs were much, much larger than all the other girls present, so there would be no mistaking this was a different girl. And despite Mrs. Larson's decree the first time she had gotten naked in front of the group on Saturday, she had not shaved her own pubic area completely. Her mom had said she didn't have to, saying that was a bit silly, and that it was up to her to decide how she wanted to look. Gwen had opted to just shave the pubes from her outer lips, keeping a tuft of hair above.

Lilly had gone next, despite her earlier worry. She was satisfied that the pictures were going to be anonymous enough to not be traced back to her. She left her pubic hair natural, even if she didn't have a lot. Adam thought the pictures of her breasts were going to be the most difficult to tell apart from Sam's. He framed the picture so that a bit of her hair still showed, so that he could tell which girl was which later. He would have to go in and crop the photos before the presentation.

Sam had her own turn next. She was feeling a lot better since Hope had come up with this idea to help her. Adam forewent taking the picture of her face, as those pictures were not going to be used in the presentation anyway.

The only girl that had not gone was Chrissy, but the other girls were all trying to encourage her to do it anyway. "Come on, Chrissy. You're the only one here who hasn't gone yet." Gwen said.

"Do it for Sam." Hope added.

"If it would help, you can look at the pictures when I'm done, and I'll let you erase them if you can't handle it." Adam offered.

"Oh, ok…" Chrissy got up from her spot, distressed despite her agreement. She went and stood where the other girls had been before, and Adam got to work, quickly taking her photographs before she could back out. Despite being the same age as Gwen, her boobs were much smaller, with a more round shape like Hope's. Her areolas were much wider and covered her breasts more though. She had the most pubic hair of all the girls too, matching in it's red color with the top of her head. Adam didn't ask her to display herself further, despite the fact that he could hardly see the girl's lower lips, because he knew it would be too much for Chrissy.

Once the two photos were taken, he offered to show her, just like he had said. "What do you think?" He asked.

Chrissy looked at the two photographs, blushing quite profusely. First she saw her bare breasts, and then the picture of her crotch, covered in it's hair. "I guess you really wouldn't know it was me, right?" She laughed nervously.

"That's right." Adam tried to give her a reassuring smile. "No one will ever know that it's you." He said, then added, "Well, besides all of us here in this room."

"Yeah, ok…" Chrissy nodded her head in approval, still looking a little sheepish. "But those are the only pictures I'm letting you take of me!" She folded her arms and went back over to sit down next to Gwen.

"You did great!" Gwen patted her on the leg, and gave her a big smile.

"Thanks." Chrissy returned the smile, still blushing all the same, but leaned into her friend's shoulder for support. Gwen just wrapped her arm around her, holding her like that for a minute.

All of a sudden the two women rushed back into the living room where the teens were. "Adam, I need to get to the park right away! There's been some kind of incident with Abbie!"

Adam could tell his mom seemed very worried, getting worried for his sister himself. "Is she ok!?"

"Yes, she's fine, but the police are there and, and… Well I just need to go. Karen is going to stay with you until I get back. Don't worry your younger siblings. Just watch over them when they get home." She said, rushing her way out the front door.

*****

Abbie was going through her own scary ordeal across town. She was quite frightened for her safety. Two large girls she had never met in her life, had come into the locker room at her school, gagged her and thrown a hood over her head, bound her hands behind her back, and abducted her. Now she had no idea where she was, or where she was going.

She knew she had been inside of a car for a while, as she could still hear, and heard the engine running. She could tell they were now outside somewhere, as one of the large girls dragged her along, since she could feel the wind blowing against her bare body. Yes she was still naked. The girls had said something about that as they grabbed her.

The wind stopped and things seemed to get a little darker, so Abbie hoped she was inside somewhere. Even if she could still hear the sounds of the outdoors.

One of her hands was let free momentarily, but then it was tied to something else, above her head. Her other wrist too, and then both her ankles were spread out and secured beneath her. Her back was up against something that felt wooden. Abbie became frightened out of her mind, not knowing what was about to happen to her. After that things fell mostly silent, at least for the moment.

A few minutes later, the terrorizing quiet Abbie had been experiencing was broken, and she could hear one of the girls shouting. “Step right up! See the naked girl in all her glory! Ogle her boobs and stare at her cunt! You can even touch her if you dare!”

Abbie didn’t like the sound of that, and tried pulling on her restraints with all her might, but that just made them get tighter. It was silent for another few moments, but then she heard a gasp of someone standing beside her. A boy! “Dude! Look! You can see everything! She doesn’t even have hair!”

“I know, this is so cool!” Another one said from the other side.

“I wonder who she is?” The first one said. Abbie could feel a hand, tugging at the edge of the hood, and started letting out muffled screams, not wanting anyone to know her identity.

“Hey! We said no touching the hood!” One of the large girls yelled from what sounded like behind her. It seemed one of the girls was at least there to supervise things. That still didn’t make Abbie feel all that good about her predicament, however.

That went on for a while. Boys and girls of all ages were gathering to see the naked girl in all her glory. Many of them laughed at her, and some of them even teased her about the look of her body, commenting about her boobs being small, or her not having any pubic hair. Abbie was at least thankful that no one had made an attempt to touch her. At least not yet.

“Wow! I think I know this girl!” One of the girls said, coming in.

“How could you know her?” Another asked.

“I think she was at the mall last night!” The first answered, sounding a little astonished. “Yeah! I recognize her… Well, her chest…”

“Oh my god! You were checking out a naked girl’s chest!?” Her friend teased her.

“Yeah! Just like you’re doin’ now!” The other fired back.

“Alright! Time’s up girls!” The large girl shouted from behind Abbie, amused.

The first time someone tried touching her, Abbie felt completely mortified. But she could do nothing but take it, as she was trapped, tied and gagged, so she couldn’t even complain if she wanted to. The first time, it was at least just her boobs that were touched. The second and third time, however, her full body was free rein to whoever was touching her. Including her very vulnerable pussy. Whoever it was that had touched her down there last, had even found her clitoris. Despite the fear she was feeling, she could tell she was getting excited at the pleasurable touch.

"Ew! She peed on me!" She heard the sound of a young boy's voice yelling.

"Oh, that's not pee." A different girl laughed. Abbie was starting to lose track of the number of people that had seen her by now.

The next ones to come in and see her, had also evidently wanted to touch her too. Abbie was really surprised to hear what sounded like a little girl talking, no older than 7 or 8 years old. “Can I put the head of my dolly inside of her?”

“Hmmm.” The large girl grunted from behind Abbie. “For ten bucks, you put it wherever you want!” Abbie started to wriggle around in pure fear of what was about to happen to her.

Susana and Heather had been in a heated debate since getting out of their high school. Heather still wanted to go through with their plan of humiliating Lauren. “Your sister is responsible for me giving not one, but two blowjobs to that creep, Tony!” Heather had yelled at her friend. "It's her fault we got detention today too!" Heather added in exasperation.

“Lauren’s not responsible for that. If you wouldn’t have kept arguing with Tony, and hadn’t dragged me into it, we never would have gotten detention.” Susana said, feeling more worried about what might be happening to her little sister at the moment.

“He kept saying we should go practice our nudism at his house today! I didn’t want everyone at school thinking we are nudists!” Heather complained.

“Whatever. I don’t really care about that right now. Lauren’s learned her lesson, alright? She’s been humiliated enough. With all the boys that saw her naked at the mall, and the gas pump last night. Even this morning she was caught naked by one of her classmates, and my mom invited him in for breakfast while she was naked.” Susana had done the best to make her case, as the two walked back to her house.

Heather just explained, “It doesn’t matter anyway. I already said I'd do the Harris twins' math homework in exchange for this. They’ve probably got her there right now. By the time we get there, they’ll probably be long gone.”

“Then we need to get to the park right now!”

That’s exactly where the two had been trying to get for the last half hour. Unfortunately neither girl had driven to school that day. Susana was thankfully able to get a hold of Tanya, and get them a ride.

Now arriving at the park, Heather and Susana practically leapt from Tanya's car. She was unable to stay, as she needed to get to her job, and just wished them luck as they ran off. They rushed to the pavilion in the middle of the field, seeing about twenty kids and teens all lined up and waiting to see the naked girl. Instead of waiting, the two girls rushed past the line, avoided one of the Harris girls as she tried to grab them, and went inside the tarped area shielding the naked girl from view.

"Hey, you need to wait…! Oh, it's you!" The Harris twin yelled, before recognizing Heather and Susana.

"Oh my god, Lauren! Are you all-- Wait, that's not Lauren." Susana said with surprise.

Abbie was never more happy to hear a voice she recognized in her life. The little girl had been mere moments away from trying to shove the head of her doll up her most sensitive hole! She could feel the head of it pressing right up against her opening. Abbie struggled with her restraints again, making a lot of muffled noise.

"Abbie!" Heather said, realizing who was really under the hood. She came over and yanked the doll out of the little girl’s hands just in time, tossing it towards the gap in the tarp. “Get out of here! Show’s over!”

“HEY!” The little girl complained, chasing after her doll. "She said I could do it for ten bucks!"

Susana pulled a ten dollar bill out of her pocket, shoving it into her hands. "Here kid. Now get lost!"

“You're mean!” The little girl kicked Susana in the shin, and then left the confines of the tarp, leaving the sixteen year old redhead hopping on one foot.

“Damn! You sure pissed her off!” The larger of the Harris twin girls laughed from her place behind Abbie.

“You got the wrong girl, Carla!” Heather complained.

“You said to grab the blonde girl in the locker room!” Carla was becoming irritated with her schoolmate.

Heather had started to remove Abbie’s hood, while Susana worked on the restraints holding her in place. Without the hood, Abbie could finally see she had been tied to a picnic table, that the twins had propped up on its side, tall wise. The two sixteen year olds were having some trouble with the ropes around her wrists and ankles, as the twins had tied them tightly.

Carla’s twin sister came in, wondering just exactly what was going on. Then both twins came over to the girls, practically looming over their classmates with an angry glare. Just one of the Harris twins was intimidating on her own. Both of them together were practically terrifying.

Heather and Susana stopped what they were doing, looking back at the twins worriedly. “You got the wrong girl.” Heather almost let out a whine.

“Does it look like we care!?” Carla said with a sneer. “You said in exchange for doing this, you'd do our math homework for a week. You got the homework for tomorrow?”

"Uhh, no. We got detention. Mr. Philips wouldn't let us do anything in there. We just had to sit there quietly." Heather rolled her eyes about that.

Carla took the eye roll the wrong way, however. "You getting snippy with me, Blondie!?"

"No! No!" Heather replied quickly, gulping in fear.

"If you don't got the homework, then I don't see why we should cut her down." Carla's sister, Anna said.

"But you can't leave her like that!" Susana pleaded.

"Tell you what." Carla started. "Blondie promises to bring our homework first thing in the morning, then we'll cut her down in an hour for you.” Then she looked at them with a wicked smirk. “Or one of you can take her place instead.”

Susana and Heather looked at one another, wondering which of them would make the first move. Abbie made another muffled noise to get their attention. Despite having the hood off, the gag was still in her mouth. Susana finally realized the girl wanted to say something, pulling the bit of cloth hanging from between her lips out of her mouth.

“Pthhhhhhh! Pppphh!” Abbie spat a couple times, seeing that the bit of cloth that had come from her mouth was actually her own pair of panties, she had been wearing all day at school. Finally, after all that time of being muffled, she was able to speak. “What if all three of us do it? If the three of us agree to stay naked for an hour, will you forget about Heather doing your homework for you? The three of us can help you do it instead too. That way you're not cheating.” She offered a practical solution, still feeling at their mercy. She was still tied and vulnerable, buck naked, with her arms and legs spread out into an X shape, to the picnic table.

"Hmmmm....“ Carla scratched her chin. "Why would you offer to help us after we did this to you?"

"Because I feel partially responsible for this." Abbie answered, feeling ashamed of her actions. She realized it could have been little Lauren, tied up naked and scared out of her mind, instead of her. "And I'd really like to get down from here."

"Alright. Fine by me. We’ll cut you down when these two get their clothes off.” She said, pulling a pocket knife from her pocket.

Heather and Susana both felt stuck. Neither wanted to join her, but both felt too guilty to leave Abbie on her own. Their reluctance was palpable as they both slowly stripped naked from the clothes they were wearing. For as much as these two had gone naked, neither girl was anywhere near being used to it yet.

“Hand over the clothes!” Anna demanded, holding her arms outstretched in front of them. Both now naked sixteen year olds unwillingly handed over their clothes to the girl, while she just smirked at them, before covering their bodies with their arms.

“Uh uh!” Carla scolded them. “You need to leave everything showing, or the kids will complain.” In another reluctant act, both girls let their arms drop to their sides. “Good.” She said, turning her attention to Abbie. “Alright little blondie. I’ll cut you down, but you can’t go until we say.” She waved the pocket knife menacingly in her face.

“I know.” Abbie responded, resigned. The large girl cut her free, and Abbie rubbed her wrists, trying to get the feeling back into her hands. “No one can put anything inside us though!”

“Fine.” Carla rolled her eyes at her. “But you owe me 10 dollars from before. The little girl never paid me.” She laughed, as she and her sister left the confines of the tarp.

It took about 30 seconds, and then in walked three new kids, wanting to see the show. Two boys and a girl. One of the boys was younger, while the other, along with the girl, were teens. “Abbie?” The girl said with a laugh. “Abigail Larson?”

For the first time since all of this had begun, Abbie was missing her hood. "Umm… Yeah." She answered cautiously.

"Oh wow! I had heard you had become a nudist! I just didn't believe it!" The girl smiled wildly, surprise still evident in her expression.

"You know her, babe?" The boy asked curiously.

"Yeah. Abbie's in social studies with me."

"Megan, the girl outside said I can touch one of them!" The younger boy whined to the girl, pulling on her sleeve.

"Ugh, brothers. Am I right?" Megan rolled her eyes to Abbie, giving a little giggle.

"You don't have to tell me. I've got two." Abbie chuckled. "What's your little brother's name?"

"Joey." The girl answered.

"Well, Joey. Come closer." Abbie beckoned him forward. "I understand that you want a chance to touch me. Where would you like to touch me?" She asked, putting her hands on her hips.

"Ummm…" the younger boy felt a little intimidated, and just pointed at one of her boobs.

"Ok good." Abbie gave him a warm smile. "Go ahead and touch, but be gentle."

The boy started slowly, just feeling the soft skin on Abbie's boob with his finger tips. Eventually he felt a little bolder, cupping her boob from underneath, and then rubbed her chest all up and down to get an idea of what a boob really felt like. He seemed satisfied after that so he stopped.

"Very good, Joey." Abbie complimented him. Out of all that had touched her that day, Joey had been the most gentle with her.

"So you're inviting people to see you naked and touch you?" Her classmate asked with some confusion.

"Oh, it's not like that, exactly." Abbie thought for a moment, wanting to come up with a good cover story. "There are a lot of boys around here that are ignorant of girls' bodies. And of how they work. If my friends and I" She made a quick gesture to Susana and Heather "are going to be nudists, we don't want to get fifty questions every time we go somewhere. I thought this would be a good way to get the knowledge out."

"And have some fun too." Megan laughed.

"Yeah, there's that too." Abbie blushed in response, but laughed along with her. "No, actually we set up the system since we felt the boys would be a bit more respectful in a controlled environment like this. But we also know they are boys, and they're gonna want to do more than just look. Like your brother."

"I suppose that makes sense. Get it out of their system when you can control it." The girl seemed to buy the explanation from her, and said her goodbyes. "Alright. See you at school tomorrow!" She waved as the three left.

"My god, Abbie. I don't know how you can do that!" Heather said.

"Do what?"

"Stay so calm while naked in front of people like that." Heather explained.

"I know." Susana added. "I thought I was gonna faint when that boy said he wanted to touch one of us!"

"I do know this one trick that helps." Abbie started, but didn't get to explain as the next group came in.

"Well, well, well."

"Oh god! Tony!" Heather whined when she saw who it was.

"What do we have here?" Tony and his two cohorts smirked as they appraised the three naked girls. "I can see why you didn't want to come over to my house today, ladies. You got your own little scheme goin’ on, huh?"

"It's not like that." Susana tried to defend.

"Hey, no worries. We won't blab. It's not like this isn't gonna be the talk of the town for years to come." Tony laughed.

"Well that's enough. Your time is up." Abbie said, trying to get rid of them.

Tony came closer, putting his hand on the side of her cheek. "We didn't just come to look, sweetcakes. We came for some fun too."

"Hey guys, do you mind if I have a little fun with red’s tits today?" Asked Jeremy.

"Nah, go ahead. I want this tight little thing today." He said, running his hand through Abbie's hair. "I see you decided to go blonde. Let's see if it's true. Do blondes really have more fun?" He grabbed her hair tightly, yanking it back a little, making Abbie cry out in pain. At the same time, he shoved his other hand in between her legs.

Jeremy was busy pawing at Susana’s tits, so Frank went over to speak with Heather. “Hey Heather.”

“Hey Frank.” She gave him a little half smile, wondering if this guy was going to take advantage of her like his friends were taking advantage of the other girls.

“Can I hug you!?” He asked hurriedly, blushing at her.

“A hug?” Heather asked, unable to stop a little giggle from escaping. “You want to hug me?”

“Aww, forget about it. It’s stupid.” He turned away from her, clearly feeling humiliated with himself.

Heather took a bit of pity on him because of his reaction. “Yeah. Sure Frank. You can hug me.”

He looked back at her, with hope filling his heart. “Thanks.” He came forward, wrapping his arms around her bare shoulders, and rested his head against hers. Then he whispered, “This is nice.”

She was doing her best to hug him back, but he was a big guy. Kind of chubby. “Yeah, it’s not too bad.” She whispered back. Then she felt his hands move down her back, until they were holding the two globes of her protruding butt. She could only roll her eyes, as he continued to hold her like that. Eventually, she could feel his erection pressing up against her. Even if she had gotten annoyed at him for grabbing her butt, she did have to admit to herself it was nice to hold a boy in such a way, and she rested her own head on his shoulder in contentment.

Tony had been busy teasing Abbie by sucking her little boobs into his mouth, and she was now finding herself getting wet, despite her feeling like she was being violated. He also still had his hand down between her legs. “Damn girl. You got the softest, smoothest, tightest little pussy, dontcha! Well, I haven’t really tested your tightness yet, now have I? You have a boyfriend?”

“Yes I do.” Abbie answered in annoyance. “And I’m only fourteen-years-old.” She added.

Tony relaxed his hold on her, looking shocked. “Damn, girl. I didn’t know. I mean, you’re a real hottie for only fourteen. How ‘bout we just find your clit and make you cum?” He offered, spreading her outer lips with his index and ring finger, then running his middle up and down until he felt the little bump he was looking for. Despite herself, Abbie got up on her tippy-toes when he found her pleasure button, and gave him the moaning he was looking for.

Suddenly, there was a lot of commotion outside the tarped off area, as one of the kids outside yelled “IT’S THE COPS!”

None of the girls had any idea about what to do. The boys, however, were not going to stick around and risk getting into trouble. All three took off in a flash. None of them headed for the gap in the tarp though. Instead, Tony and the other boys ran straight through it, bringing it down to the ground. The three naked girls were now exposed to everyone!

Everyone was in such a panic, that no one noticed the makeshift wall was gone. They were all too busy trying to flee the scene. Abbie, Susana, and Heather all realized they were now out in the open and unprotected, but none of them had a chance to move, as the cops were now upon them.

“Stay right where you are, girls!” The officer yelled, before recognizing Abbie. “Hey! You’re one of the ones I saw the other day! With the crazy mom!”

“Officer, I uhhh…” Abbie was in full blown panic, thinking she was about to be arrested.

The officer gave Abbie a smile, to try and calm her down, then shouted at her partner. “Ramirez! Stop chasing them and get back over here!” She turned back to Abbie and laughed. “We got a tip that some girl was being held captive out here. Some really angry sounding guy.”

“Well, uhh…” Abbie wasn’t sure how to respond, thinking it was probably not a good idea to rat out the Harris twins.

She never got a chance, as someone started shouting in their direction. “OH MY GOD, SUSANA!” It was Susana's dad, and he was dragging her naked blonde little sister, Lauren, along with him by the wrist.

Ramirez stepped in front of him. “Sir, I’m going to need you to calm down. This may be a crime scene and you can’t enter the area.”

“But that girl’s my daughter!” He said in exasperation, wondering why Susana was standing there naked with the two other girls.

“Sir, come on over.” The female officer said, beckoning for him to come closer. “My name’s Officer Wright. Were you the one that called in the tip?”

“Yes. My other daughter here,” He pulled Lauren forward a bit, who was looking very sorry for herself. “Told me some kind of plot was going to happen to her today, only she sent another girl in her place. I guess they’ve gotten into some kind of feud with one another.” He explained angrily.

"Would you girls mind explaining what's going on?" The female officer asked, with exasperation.

Abbie wasn't sure how to answer without getting the others into trouble. She let out a deep sigh, and was about to speak, but Heather stepped forward and began explaining instead. "This is all my fault." She began, a distraught look in her eye. She went through everything. How she and Susana had come up with this plan to get back at Lauren. How they had changed their minds and tried to stop it, and how they had discovered Abbie had ended up in Lauren's place.

The cop looked at all four naked girls disappointingly. "I think that's a good explanation for now. I'd like to get a separate statement from each of you girls, but I think it's best to get your parents or guardians here first." She said, and pulled out her cell phone and offered it to Abbie. "Call your mom and ask her to come down here, please."

Abbie was very nervous as she made the call, not sure how much trouble she was really in for what had happened. The duration of the call was difficult for her to get through, but her mom said she was on her way.

It took about twenty minutes for both Abbie and Heather's mothers to arrive. Susana and Lauren didn't need to call, as their dad was already present. In the meantime, another squad car had arrived, with two more male officers.

Heather had noticed her and Susana's clothes just lying out in the open, and had asked if it was alright if they got dressed, but the female officer had said, "I'm sorry, girls, but that might be evidence now. Until we know further you'll have to stay as you are now."

Of the two moms to arrive, Heather's was the most agitated. Abbie's mom was just relieved to see that her daughter was alright, and ran over to give her a hug. Of the two parents, Abbie's mom was also the only one nude. "Are you alright?" She asked, holding Abbie's face in between her hands.

"Yes mom. I'm fine." Even if she might be in trouble, she was still relieved to see her mom.

Officer Write came over to address the two, mom and daughter. "You two can step over here with me. Ramirez, you get Heather's statement, and you two," she pointed at the other two officers on the scene, "Please get the statement from the two sisters."

Abbie and her mom stepped aside to speak with officer Write privately. Heather had already spilled the beans about how everything had happened, so Abbie was forthright with her own statement. The only thing she really left out was some of the more explicit details of her ordeal, feeling too embarrassed to go into it fully.

The officers thanked all the girls for their cooperation, and went to converse amongst themselves privately for a bit.

"Heather, you are in such huge trouble." Her mom said to her as they stood there waiting for the cops to come back. Her mood had changed from fury to just cold anger in the time it had taken for her daughter to give her official statement. Heather just looked down at the ground in shame, giving a little gulp at what was going to happen to her because of her dumb decisions.

The four officers came back over, with grim looks on their faces as they addressed the four naked girls, and their parents. As usual, officer Write took the lead, as she was the most senior officer. "Technically all four girls could be in a lot of trouble. We're looking at, at least, a conspiracy to commit a kidnapping for all of you. Duress of a minor as well, from what Abbie explained happened to her." She paused for a minute, letting the severity of the accusations sink in. "But before today, none of you girls have ever been in trouble with the law. I've seen all you girls, for many years, growing up around these parts. I think this was all just a prank that got terribly out of hand. Terribly, terribly out of hand. So, against normal protocol, I am willing to be lenient on you today."

All four girls let out a great sigh of relief. They had all started to cry when the officer had mentioned kidnapping charges. "That doesn't mean you girls are free to continue this behavior!" The officer scolded sternly. "We will be keeping a sharp eye on the four of you from now on! And I'm sure your parents will be serving you each with appropriate punishments for your actions today!"

Heather had to glance at her mother with a side eye, seeing her furiously nodding her head in agreement.

"I don't want to ever see you girls involved in a situation like this again!" The officer continued. "You girls should be supportive of one another, instead of feuding like this. All four of you have just begun your journey into being nudists, and should have each other's backs instead of squabbling!" The officer finished. "So I will leave you with a warning, but if any of you ever pull a stunt like this again, I'm throwing the book at you!" She turned on her heel, leaving the four girls in the custody of their parents.
