Lisa woke up with a start when a loud noise from somewhere in the distance startled her. She looked around and was very confused, she discovered she was in a room she had never seen before, not a very big room, probably about 4ft by 5ft.  There wasn't any furniture in the room except for the bed she was lying on.  There was a small window with bars across it.  The sun streaming in through the window told her only that it was day time.  

She moved her legs, her intention was to look through the window, maybe that would give her some idea where she was, as she moved she realised she was chained to the bed.  On both her ankles there were black leather cuffs with a chain attached to the cuff and the other end attached to the bed legs.  She then noticed her wrists had cuffs on too, however no chain was attached to those.

As she moved she was pulled back slightly and that was when she realised she was wearing a collar around her neck, a chain was attached to this collar and the other end of the chain attached to a ring on the wall above her bed.

Lisa was puzzled. "Where the hell am I," she thought. "I don't remember how I got here, this is scary."  She looked down at the clothes she was wearing, a white short sleeved blouse and a black knee length skirt,  Her tights had gone, so had her shoes.

"These are my work clothes." she thought.  Lisa started to think back to the last thing she could remember.  Work, having to work late to finish that report, yes, and by the time she had finished it was later than she realised and it was dark outside.  She had locked the office and started walking to her car, her company have a private car park not too far away from the offices but at this time of the night the streets are quiet and the car park was almost deserted.

She saw her car straight away, it was the only one left on the car park except a white van parked right next to hers.

Lisa had felt a little uneasy as she approached her car, the white van was parked in such a way it meant that Lisa had to walk by the side of it to open her car door.  She looked around, she couldn't see anyone, she reached into her bag for her key and walked quickly to her car.  As she reached the door of the car, she was just about to put the key in the lock when it happened.  Someone - she sensed it rather than heard it - came out of nowhere, she felt arms go around her and something covered her mouth and nose.  She blanked out, she couldn't remember anything after that.

"I've been kidnapped" she thought.  "Why would anyone want to kidnap me? I don't have any money, my parents don't have any money, I'm not famous, I'm just ordinary."  She looked around the room again and noticed a door on the wall opposite the bed she was lying on.

She touched the collar around her neck and felt a small padlock, there was no way she could undo it.  The cuffs on her wrist had padlocks on too.  She sighed and wondered what to do.

Time passed, she didn't hear any other sounds, it was unnervingly quiet.   She noticed it was going dark outside and wasn't looking forward to being chained to a strange bed in a dark room.  Suddenly she heard footsteps coming from the other side of the door.  As the footsteps approached she could also make out voices, and she held her breath. She could hear her heart beating as she turned her head towards the door and waited for it to open.

In walked two hooded men, dressed in black, both men were on the small side, they couldn't have been more that 5foot tall.  One of them was carrying a tray with a sandwich and a glass of water on.  The other man was carrying something but Lisa couldn't quite see what it was.  The man with the tray pushed it towards her and said "Eat".  Lisa was hungry and the sandwich didn't look too bad, she ate it and drank the water while the two men just stood there and watched. Neither of them spoke a word.  As soon as she had finished the tray was snatched away.  The other man then unlocked the chain attached to her collar and the chains attached to her ankle cuffs.

The man with the tray told her to stand which she did, she didn't see any reason not to really.  So she stood up, the men then grabbed an arm each and forced them round her back. Before she could protest they had fasten the cuffs together.  A blindfold was then fastened around her eyes and she was plunged into darkness.

Fear built up in Lisa's stomach and her throat went dry, "What the hell is going on?" she pleased. She felt the men holding on to her arms, without answering her question they just pulled her arms until she began to walk. She tried to pull away from them but they held her tight.  "Ah this is getting silly now, will you let me go", she was getting angry now.  Still the two men said nothing, just continued to guide her out of the room.  The floor was cold on her bare feet, once out of the room they turned her to the right and the walk continued.

They walked in complete silence. Lisa knew there was no point saying anything more to the two men, they just carried on pulling her along.  They dragged her around corners left and right and then stopped, then she heard a door being pushed open and again the arms pulled her along into the room. 

She felt carpet under her feet and the room felt warmer than the one she had woken up in. She could smell something too, but she couldn't place what it was.  The men walked her into the room and then stopped her.  She felt her wrists being unfastened from each other, her arms were then spread and she heard the now familiar click as another chain was locked first onto her left cuff and then onto her right. Within seconds her arms were being pulled up high, until they were stretched upwards as straight as the would go.  Lisa felt her feet being pulled apart and again heard the click of something onto her left ankle cuff and then her right.   When she tried to move her feet, she felt a bar stopping her moving her ankles closer together.

Lisa had had enough. "Ah now this is going just a little too far, I've had enough now! Will you untie me at once and let me go home!" she screamed. She pulled on the chains that were holding her arms in place above her head and then she felt a gag being shoved hard into her mouth drowning out her screams which now changed to muffled noises.  She heard the two men walking out and then the door slam shut behind them.

She felt sick in her stomach, her heart pounding in her chest and breathing rapidly.  They had left her here in total darkness, unable to move. What was going to happen to her now, she wondered.


========== end of part 1 ================

Lisa soon realised that she wasn't alone in the room, she noticed the smell again, stronger now. "Perfume?" she thought, "No, its aftershave, there's a man here..." She heard him now, he was walking around her, she tried to twist out of the restraints that were holding her but of course that was just not possible.  She sensed he was standing behind her now and felt him undoing her blindfold.  "Oh thank god", she though "He's letting me go...."

As the blindfold came off she expected to be dazed in a brightly lit room, but the room was only dimly lit, her eyes soon became used to this.  She turned her head to see who had taken her blindfold off.

She watched him walk round and face her. She had to look up as he was tall, at least 6ft. He had very dark brown piecing eyes, short dark hair and a close shaven beard.  He was wearing black jeans and a black short sleeved shirt.  Lisa guessed he was in his early 40s.  

"Hello my dear" he said, a slight smile forming on his face. "Welcome to my home. I would take the gag from your mouth, but I don't think I would have your full attention if I did that, so for now the gag stays."  He turned and walked towards a high backed chair next to a large wooden table, a few feet from where Lisa was.  He sat down on the chair, lit a cigarette and looked at her.

Lisa wasn't sure what to think.  "Who is this man?" she thought to herself. She hated to admit it even to herself but she found this man attractive, she was annoyed to think that, she didn't want to find him attractive, he was weird and strange.  She looked away from him and focused on the room instead.  She saw a cross-like structure made of wood with attachments on, she saw chains and cuffs attached to the wall, she saw a wooden box similar to one that used to be in her school gym.  Dangling from hooks along one wall she saw a variety of what initial looked like instruments of torture, she slowly realised they were canes whips and other things which she didn't recognise, but which scared the hell out of her.  She shuddered as she looked round the room. 

She looked back towards the man, he was sitting in the chair, still smoking and looking at her.  She felt herself blush and was glad the room was dim, hoping he would not see her embarrassment.  She waited until he had finished smoking and put the cigarette out and tried to speak through the gag, but the words just mumbled together and no sense could be made of them.  He stood up shaking his head.  "Now, now, my dear there's no point trying to speak, I can't understand what you are saying." As he said this he walked towards her again.  

He stopped right in front of her and started to undo the top button on her blouse. Lisa tried to move away, but of course she couldn't. He laughed and said "No point trying to move away my dear, you're not going anywhere".  Lisa's heart sank, her stomach churned over as this complete stranger was undoing the button to her blouse and there was nothing she could do about it.

He undid two more of her buttons, stopped, and looked her straight in the eyes. As a slow smile appeared on his face, he ripped the rest of the buttons off and pulled her blouse open with both his hands. Her eyes widened in shock as he did this, she cried out through her gag, she was now beginning to get scared.  He started to stroke her right breast just above her bra cup very slowly, sending small tingling sensations through her.  He stopped and took a step back, smiled again, moved towards her and in one quick movement he lifted her right breast out of her bra and then he did the same with her left breast.

Lisa's heart was pounding so loud in her chest, she was sure he could hear it. She lowered her head, she felt very embarrassed now and could feel her face blush deeply.  He touched both her nipples, playing with them, squeezing them and flicking his fingers at them. Much to her horror her nipples became hard and stood outwards.  "Hhhmmmm" he said, "very nice."

His hands then moved to her skirt and he began to roll it up her legs.  Lisa again tried to move away but knew it was useless really, he continued to roll her skirt until it was round her waist and her panties were on show.  "Oh my god" thought Lisa, "this is just awful, what is he going to do to me now?"  In answer to her unspoken question he ran his hand between her legs on the outside of her panties, causing little flutters of excitement around her body.  "Oh no... I don't want to like this,  I can't like this...", she said to herself.

He walked back towards the table and picked something up. Lisa couldn't see what it was at first until he returned to her and showed her the scissors in his hand.  Wide eyed, Lisa shook her head and felt the fear rushing up inside her.  He used the scissors to cut her blouse off, he then snipped her bra off and she watched as her clothes fell in bits on the floor.  He cut through her skirt until that too fell to the floor, and Lisa could do nothing to stop him.  He then returned to the table and put the scissors down, he sat down in the chair again.  He reached to the other side of the chair and Lisa noticed a smaller round table with a bottle of wine on, he poured himself a glass of wine and took a sip.  He sat looking at her sipping his wine.  With a horrible sensation she realised he was admiring his handiwork when he looked at her.

Lisa couldn't do anything else but wait, but she refused to look at him, she wouldn't allow him the pleasure of looking into her eyes.

Finally, putting his wine glass down he reached for something on a large wooden table and walked towards her.  He lifted her chin with one hand and dangled something in his other hand.  Lisa didn't know what it was and the puzzled look on her face made him aware of that.  

"Ah right, so you haven't seen one of these before I gather" he said quietly "Then I shall explain what it is.  It's called a nipple clamp,"  he held it out for her to see.  At each end of a small chain was a small clamp.  He pressed one between his thumb and finger, showing her how it opens and closes.  "This is where it goes"  He took the clamp in one hand and taking hold of her left nipple he pushed the clamp on.  The sudden pain took Lisa's breath away, she wasn't expecting it and had never felt that much pain on her nipple before.  Her eyes filled with tears but before she could think straight, the pain came again as he placed the other clamp on her right nipple.  As the pain eased away her breath returned to normal, but the tears started rolling down her face.

"There is no need to cry my dear, they won't hurt now they are on, however if I pull on this chain attached to them, then they will" and to show her, he tugged on the chain which sent a sharp pain through her nipples.  He watched as she winced through the pain and again that slow smile appeared.

Still standing in front of her he reached upwards and she heard him pull something down, it was a chain which was attached to some kind of pulley system.  He attached the end of the chain to the middle of the small chain which linked the clamps.  Lisa watched as he walked back to his chair and he then reached up and pulled another chain.  As he pulled, Lisa felt the tug on her nipples again and then that small sharp pain reappeared.  She realised that the chains were linked and as he pulled the chain down she felt the small sharp pain of the clamps again. She began to think she was becoming a plaything for him.

For the third time, Lisa saw him pick something else off the table, she could see what it was and it made her heart beat faster in her chest again.  It was a vibrator and it was big - it must have been about 10 inches long, and as he came closer to her she also saw it had an attachment with a small nodule on the end.


========== end of part 2 ============

He stopped in front of her and with his right hand he roughly pulled  Lisa's panties to one side.  Lisa closed her eyes,  she had a pretty good idea what he was going to do next and this was stirring all kinds of feelings within her.  She felt him touching her clit, rubbing it and pulling it, she felt two fingers slip inside her pussy, she was getting aroused now, she hated herself for letting herself enjoy what he was doing to her, this strange man she'd never met before,  who had complete control over her and is keeping her in this helpless state.  His fingers moved slowly in and out of her pussy while his thumb rubbed her clit,  she was wet now and began to moan softly through the gag.  After a few minutes he stopped, took his fingers away and slipped the vibrator inside her.  It filled her completely, the small nodule attachment was placed on her clit,  he then put her panties back in place making sure they held the vibrator in place.

He walked back towards the table and chair, he picked a small fob off the table and sat down. He pressed a button on the fob and the vibrator began to buzz,  slowly at first and then faster, he pressed another button and the nodule against her clit started to buzz too.  This was making Lisa more and more aroused and she couldn't help but enjoy the sensations running through her.  Then it stopped.  Lisa looked at him and saw that slow smile appear on his face again.  Oh how she hated that smile.

The man took a drink of wine and lit another cigarette, he sat looking at her, pleased with what he saw, enjoying the look on her face, a mixture of fear and arousal.

"Now let me explain something to you," he said. He spoke slowly, his words were carefully thought out and measured. "You are probably wondering who I am and why I have brought you here.  Who I am - well, I shall tell you more about that later, for now I want to talk about you and tell you why you are here."  He paused to take a drag of his cigarette. "I know your name, I know where you live, where you work, I have been watching you for a while and I know quite a bit about you.  By the time I've finished with you, you will submit to me willingly".

Lisa couldn't believe what she was hearing, he knows me, he has been watching me, he wants me to submit to him willingly, all this was going around in her head, "Willingly?? ha that's a laugh, he has me tied up almost naked with clamps on my nipples and a vibrator inside me and he wants me to be willing, this man is a nutter." 

He spoke again. "Now you may be thinking  that this is a strange way to start a relationship, and I don't want you to be afraid. I'm not going to harm you, or hurt you, well, not too much anyway. The reason I am doing it this way is to make you see how enjoyable submission can be." He paused again for another drag on his cigarette. "In a moment I will remove the gag, but I have to be sure before I do, that you will co-operate. Therefore I want to explain about pain and pleasure and how the two can be combined. I can control which you receive, this is pain - " and as he tugged on the chain Lisa again felt the tug on her nipples and that sharp stabbing pain.  "and this is pleasure," pressing a button on the fob he was holding sent the vibrator in her pussy into buzz mode again.  Lisa moaned softly.  The vibrator stopped.  She felt the pain in her nipples again, lasting a little longer this time, then the vibrator buzzed again.  He continued to swap between the two sensations, each time lasting a couple of seconds longer.  "Pain" and "Pleasure" he said as he changed between the two.  After a few minutes, Lisa had no idea how long, he stopped.

"Do you understand?" he asked.  Lisa looked at him.  She just nodded, her body was tingling from the mixture of sensations she had just experienced, she wasn't sure about anything any more.

"Good.  We are now going to play a game.  This game doesn't have a name but I don't think that matters right now, do you?" He looked at her waiting for her to answer.  Lisa didn't respond.  He spoke again. "I will ask you a question and depending on your answer - that is if I think you are telling me the truth or not and bearing in mind I do know certain things about you already - depending on how you answer, or if you take too long to answer, you will receive a nice reward or a not so nice reward.   Is that clear my dear?"  Lisa nodded.

"This man is crazy," she thought to herself. "He's a complete weirdo, I have never met anyone like this before, who the hell does he think he is?  If he thinks for one minute I am going to play along with this then he is very much mistaken."

He removed the gag and offered her a drink of his wine.  She refused the drink, although her mouth was very dry.  He smiled and walked towards the chair and sat down.

Lisa spoke "How dare you do this to me, I don't know who you are or why you are doing this but you can release meeee arggghhhh!!!!!!"

As she was speaking he tugged the chain and the pain in her nipples started again, when it stopped, she said "you can't do this to me."   He laughed softly and said "Yes I can" and tugged the chain again.  Lisa cried out "aaaaahhhhhhgghhh!!!"

"There is one more thing I haven't mentioned yet, when you answer my questions, I would like to you always say "Sir" at the end, that would please me very much... and pleasing me is what you will eventually strive to do."

"Huh, I don't think so" Lisa said stubbornly.

"Trust me my dear, you will" he replied.

"I won't", thought Lisa, but didn't say it out loud.

"Now lets begin, shall we?  Right, what is your name?" he asked her.

Lisa looked at him and thought quickly, "He knows my name, well, he said he did, perhaps he doesn't, he was just saying he did." Opening her mouth to speak, she said "Linda."

"Wrong!" he said, and tugged sharply on the chain.

The pain was unbearable, she screamed as her nipples were pulled hard and tears filled her eyes again.

"Unfortunately that was not a very good start was it? There were two things wrong with that answer, Linda is not your name and you didn't say Sir.  Lets try again shall we?"

=========== end of part 3 =============

"What is your name" he said again.

Lisa was so angry, "damn him", she thought, "I'm not playing his game, he can't  carry on doing this."  She looked at him and said nothing.

He tugged the chain again, Lisa cried out but still said nothing.   He continued to pull on the chain until Lisa couldn't stand the pain any longer .  "Lisa" she said quietly.  He slackened his pull slightly but not completely, the pain was still there,  he  looked at her with that smile again and said "Have you forgotten something?" she looked back at him, stubbornly and said nothing.  "Perhaps this will remind you"  He pulled hard on the chain and Lisa screamed out, her nipples felt like they were on fire, the pain was too much to bear now.  Through the pain she screamed "Lisa Sir!!"

He released his grip on the chain immediately and pressed the two buttons on the fob, the vibrator  in her pussy and the little nodule resting on her clit buzzed into life sending a very different sensation through her body.  Lisa began to moan softly as the sensation increased, her nipples still stung and yet now other more pleasant feeling were rushing around her body.  He kept the vibrator and nodule buzzing for a couple of minutes all the time watching her closely.

"Right!" he said as he stopped pressing the buttons on the fob.  "Wasn't that a better reward than the other one?  All you have to do now is continue to answer my questions."  Lisa was trying to regain some composure,  she was hot now, beads of sweat on her forehead, her whole body was tingly with sensations and she was very aroused, slowly her breathing became more normal.

"How old are you" he asked.

"33" she said.

He tugged the chain sharply, Lisa winced.  He tugged it again.  Lisa didn't want to say Sir, she didn't want to say anything, she wanted to go home.  When the pain in her nipples eased she looked directly at him and said "I'm 33 you bastard,  just release me from this I don't want to play your stupid game, I want to go home."  Lisa wasn't totally surprised to feel the pain begin in her nipples again.  As the pain continued Lisa tried to breathe through it, slow deep breaths, she was going to fight this man, she wasn't ever going to submit to him, no way.  She closed her eyes and concentrated on her breathing, her nipples were hurting like hell but she wasn't going to give in.

"Stubborn little thing aren't you,"  he smirked.  He released the chain, stood up and walked towards her.  When Lisa opened her eyes he was very close, she could smell his aftershave again.  He grabbed her hair pulling her head back and kissed her hard on the lips.  As he pulled away and released her hair he said  "You definitely have spirit and I do so like a girl with spirit, makes for so much more fun."  He walked over to the wall that had various floggers hanging and picked up a riding crop.

Lisa was speechless after that kiss, it had sent her stomach into knots,  He stirred things inside her that she didn't want to acknowledge, oh damn she thought this is all wrong.  She saw him walking back with something in his hand.

"This is a riding crop, now I expect your nipples must be very sore now and if I use this crop on your nipples, I'm sure it will not be a very pleasant experience.  Its up to you my dear, I am giving you the choice, you decide, answer the question properly as you know you should or.........." he left the sentence unfinished.

He stood slightly to the side crop in hand and said "How old are you?"

Lisa couldn't bear the thought of the crop hitting her sore nipples, she didn't think she could stand the pain anymore.  Lisa sighed and said "33 Sir"

He smiled that slow smile and pressed the buttons on the fob again.  The vibrator and nodule came to life again and Lisa felt her body beginning to crumble as the sensations rushed through her.   He stood and watched as Lisa's gentle moans began to increase and he could see her becoming more and more aroused.  He switched the fob off.

Still standing with the riding crop in his hand he asked her "How old were you when you lost your virginity?"

After a small hesitation Lisa replied "17 Sir."   "Very good my dear, you seemed to be getting the hang of this game now" and with that the vibrator started to buzz.  Lisa could feel the now familiar feelings once again.  The vibrator stopped.

"How many men have you slept with?"

Lisa tried to think, but she was so mixed up, she couldn't think straight,  "I don't know" she said.  "Not the right answer" he replied and lifted the crop and the leather end hit her right nipple just above the clamp.  Lisa screamed and started to sob "Pleaseee noooo" as she said that she felt the sting on her left nipple taking her breath away she screamed again.  "Pleaseee I'm trying to think, I can't think, please don't do that again, I'm sorry".  He whispered in her ear.  "You're sorry what?"

"I'm sorry Sir" Lisa sobbed, the tears rushing down her cheeks.

He walked to the chair and sat down, he watched her as she tried to stop crying and recover from the stinging pain in her nipples.  He lit a cigarette and waited.

Lisa was calmer now, she had stopped crying and the pain had gone from her nipples but they hurt, oh how they hurt.  She was beginning to realise that the best thing to do was to go along with him, get it over with and then maybe he would let her go.  Lisa looked at him.

"Feeling better now?" he asked her.  Lisa nodded.  "Would you like a drink of water?" Lisa nodded again.  He walked over to a sink in the corner of the room and filled a glass with water.  When he reached her he put the glass to her lips and she drank thirstily.  "Thank you....Sir" she said.   He put the empty glass down.  He lifted her chin and looked directly into her eyes, she looked into his, she saw something in his eyes she hadn't seen before, they looked softer, kinder and while she was thinking this he leaned towards her and gently kissed her on the lips.  That kiss sent her heart fluttering and her whole body melted.

He smiled softly and stroked her cheek, moving her damp hair away from her face, he looked again straight into her eyes and she saw the softness there again.  This man is getting inside her head now, he was having an effect on her that she hadn't wanted to happen.  She was seeing a softer side to him, a side which was making her head dizzy and her heart beat like crazy.

He returned to his chair sat down and the questions continued.   Lisa answered them as quickly as she could, always finishing with Sir.  The vibrator would buzz into life after each answer, each time a little longer than the previous time.  He watched her closely as her arousal became more and more intense.   

After a while, when he sensed she was near to orgasm, he said "You will need to ask me for permission to cum, now don't forget, my dear if you don't ask  or cum without my permission then you will be punished".

Lisa's mind was in turmoil, she is so near to having an orgasm now, she didn't want to cum and yet she did want to cum,  she didn't want to ask him to allow her to cum but she didn't want to be punished either, whatever that meant.  She was sure he would carry it out and she was sure she wouldn't like it.  Her stubborn nature resurfaced and she closed her eyes and tried to fight what was happening to her body.  The vibrator and nodule on her clit were buzzing away, her body was screaming for release now, she knew she couldn't hold out much longer.  Keeping her eyes closed she said "Pleaseee Sir, please may I cum".

He didn't answer straight away, he rose from the chair, keeping the vibrator buzzing he walked to her, once he was stood in front of her he said very quietly "Yes you may" and at the same time he unclipped the nipple clamps from her nipples.  Lisa screamed as the blood rushed to her nipples, the pain ripping through her and yet at the same time her orgasm sweeping over her whole body, the mixture of pain and pleasure reaching every part of her body.  Lisa moaned and cried out, her body shuddering with the release of all the sensations this was causing within her.  She had never experienced anything like this before, an orgasm which was so intense.  As her breathing became calmer she opened her eyes and looked straight into his, she saw his smile reach into his eyes and as she smiled she fainted.

He quickly untied her ankles from the cuffs and held her close as he untied one wrist cuff and then the other.  He picked her up and carried her into another room which lead off from the room they were in.  He placed her gently on his bed covering her and sat on the edge of the bed next to her.  Her eyes opened she was about to say something but he put his finger to her mouth and shaking his head said "Shhhhh......"

He reached for the glass of water  on the table by the bed.  "Drink this".  he put the glass to her lips and she drank the water gratefully.  "How do you feel Lisa?" he asked as he gently stroked her cheek.  Lisa's heart seemed to have stopped beating,  she wasn't sure how she felt anymore, she said "ok"  He raised an eyebrow, and looked at her.  "Ok?, only ok?".  he asked.  She nodded, she couldn't trust herself to speak.  Lisa actually felt wonderful. 

He started to talk. "My name is David Grant, you should be familiar with the Grant Recruitment Agency." Lisa's eyes widened as she remembered the name of the agency that she turned to when she was looking for a new job about seven months earlier. "I saw you the moment you walked in," he went on, "but you couldn't see me. When I first laid eyes on you I decided I was going to have you, but on my terms." He explained more about the kind of relationship it would be, how she would obey him, please him, be available to him and learn to enjoy pain.

Lisa was confused. She had a million and one questions for him, but the thoughts running around her head didn't make any sense. Here she was, to all intents and purposes kidnapped and made captive of this man, a man she hated just a couple of hours earlier. But now she was starting to fall for him, he had awoken something in her she never knew existed. The orgasm she had just experienced, the mixture of the pain and the pleasure, was the most intense feeling she had ever experienced in her whole life. She was beginning to think she wanted more, and that pain was something to be embraced and not shied away from.

She was lost in her own thoughts and didn't notice he'd stopped talking. He clicked his fingers and brought her out of her reverie. "Well?" he asked. "did you hear my question?"

"What question, sir?" She surprised herself by calling him Sir automatically.

"Do I have you?"

Her answer wasn't quite so much of a surprise to her. "Yes Sir, you have me......" 
