Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 9/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

A/N : Looks like PlotBunny has wandered off thinking her work here is done, leaving PornMuse behind to misbehave!

He came back to himself still lying on the bed, although his hands had been released. Opening his eyes slowly, his gaze was drawn instantly to the other side of the bed. Spike was balanced on his hands and knees, his face pressed into a pillow in an attempt to smother his moans as Angel pushed into him with smooth, unhurried thrusts. Instantly mesmerised by the sight of Angel's large hands clutching Spike's hips, holding him steady beneath the larger vampire's heavier weight as his hips moved back and forth, Xander reached out and smoothed his hand down the straining flanks of the smaller man.

Spike's head turned towards him and he gasped at the look in eyes turned navy in the midst of passion. Lust laden, heavy lidded, mouth hanging open as he panted for breath. Pulled by an invisible string, Xander shuffled closer until he could press his lips to Spike's, breathing in his groans as Angel pushed in harder, deeper. He slid his hand around Spike's neck, trying to turn his face face fully round so that he could kiss him properly, tongue pushing past non-existent resistance to explore his mouth. Altering his position, Spike moved towards Xander, pushing up against Angel's weight so that he could manoeuvre Xander under him, his arms straddling his body. Melting in submission, Xander allowed himself to fall onto his back, staring up at Spike.

“Stop. God, Angel, stop please”. Reluctantly, Angel ceased his movements, gently disengaging and sitting back on his heels to see what Spike wanted to do next. “Promised the Boy we'd fuck 'im proper. You wouldn't want me to break a promise now would ya?”

Smiling, Angel moved off the bed, making way for Spike to shuffle down and grab hold of Xander's legs to tug him down too. He moved round the bed and sat down with his back against the headboard, spreading his legs and stroking his cock as he watched his beautiful Childe together.

Spike pulled Xander up so that they could share another kiss, running his hands possessively down his back until he could squeeze his ass. Pulling back, he smiled into the dazed young man's face before turning him in his arms so that he was facing Angel. Kissing his earlobe gently, he whispered in Xander's ear: “See him Pet? Wanna taste him don't ya? That's our Sire – the biggest desire in the hearts of our demons is to make him happy. You can feel it deep inside can't ya? That yearning to make him happy, make him proud. And we're gonna do that Pet – we're gonna make him feel so good. But we're gonna do it while we make each other feel good cos that's what he wants, yeah? He wants to know we are lovin' what we're doing with him, with each other”. All the while, he was stroking Xander's chest, teasing his nipples, rubbing down his stomach until he could gently take hold of his growing erection. Knowing he would be sensitive, aware that the boy was nervous, he was slow and gentle with all of his movements. “Been wantin' to touch ya for so long, Luv. Wanted to make ya mine and now we finally have the chance. Gonna be together, all of us, for eternity. Gonna make ya feel so good you never want to leave us”. Pressing on his shoulders, Spike nudged him forwards onto his hands and knees on the bed. “Take him in, Pet, show him how good you made me feel”. Anxious to please, brain fogged by desire, Xander did as he was told. Sliding his hands up Angel's legs, the feel of the hairs tickling his palms, he stroked up his inner thighs.

“God Xander, you feel so good” was all the encouragement he needed, and moving upwards he took hold of Angel's erection and lowered his head. Licking the tip, dipping his tongue into the seeping slit at the end, he savoured the combined tastes of Spike and Angel. Rubbing his lips over the head, he looked up through his bangs until he met Angel's heated gaze. His lids fell, a muffled groan escaping him as he felt Spike grip the cheeks of his ass and spread them, diving between them to lick and suck at the pucker of his ass. He widened his legs, pushing backwards with his hips as he took more and more of Angel into his mouth, tongue swirling around the steely hardness, one hand helping him balance while the other stroked and fondled the parts he couldn't get into his mouth.

Spike moved away for a few moments and Xander concentrated on making Angel feel as good as he could, using every move that had made Spike moan and groan earlier, his demon almost dancing with delight as Angel voiced his enjoyment, his fingers tangling in Xander's hair and holding tight. Spike had been so right – the only thoughts in his head were of making the two of them happy – as a newly made vampire he wanted to make Sire happy, and he wanted to make Spike happy because he loved him. Such powerful motivation, it was difficult to decide which one held the larger sway. And for the first time in his life, he was fortunate enough not to have to choose – he was getting to do both at the same time and he was euphoric.

“Fuck!!” throwing his head back, he moaned as he felt Spike's well lubed fingers sliding into his asshole, instantly finding his prostate and rubbing.

“Don't stop Pet – like seeing ya sucking at him, I do.....” Leaning over Xander's back, Spike stroked gentle fingers down his spine, all the while twisting and sliding the fingers of his other hand inside Xander. “Don't stop or I'll have to”. Moving up onto the bed, he slicked his cock with some lube and lined himself up. “Deep breath, luv, and push down – won't hurt for long, swear it to ya”. Giving Xander time to take a deep breath, Spike pressed the head of his cock against his hole and pushed steadily until he popped through the guardian ring of muscle. Xander yelped around the hard flesh in his mouth, only the large, strong hands in his hair stopping him from rearing up. “Ssshh, take it easy Pet – worst bit over, promise”. Stroking his hips and thighs, Spike kept himself still until Xander stopped huffing for breath around Angel's erection, the tenseness in him relaxing slowly until he pushed back towards Spike. Recognising the sign that he was alright, Spike slowly tunnelled his way in until he struck as deep as he could, his balls gently swaying against Xander's body as he held himself still.

“Please....” the slurred plea was enough, and Spike began to stroke into Xander's welcoming body, hips moving smoothly back and forth. Quickly finding the rhythm, Xander let Spike's pushes into his body nudge him forward to take Angel as deeply into his mouth as he could, sliding back and gasping for unneeded air at every withdrawal. His brain had melted, his body aflame with lust as he moved back and forth between his two Masters. He could feel his cock dripping without even being touched, but as if thinking about it had alerted Spike to this potential neglect, he leaned forward, putting more weight onto Xander's back as he grasped Xander's steely hardness and began stroking it. Strong fingers playing up and down his hard flesh, the intimate feel of Spike deep in his body, the taste of Angel in his mouth, and Xander knew he couldn't last much longer despite having come not long ago. Determined to take at least one of them with him, he thrust his hips back at Spike's next thrust, dragging a groan from him as it pushed him deeper than he had gone before.

“God, luv – can't hold on...” Both trying hard to hold on, both struggling to hold back – Xander bucking into Spike in response to the strong strokes of Spike's hand, writhing beneath the deep thrusts.

It would have been so easy for Angel to feel neglected because Xander had ceased his ministrations to his Sire, unable to focus on anything but how Spike was making him feel. Instead, he relished the opportunity to watch his two Childe pleasuring each other. William (and it was definitely William not Spike) was lavishing Xander with such love and affection, doing everything he possibly could to ensure that his first sexual experience after coming out as gay and being turned into a vampire was so pleasurable that he would want to repeat it – often. Tucking his legs up beneath and ignore his throbbing erection (for now) he watched as Spike began the stuttering hip movements that characterised his climb to orgasm, panting for breath as he moved faster and faster, hips snapping back and forth. Xander's head was thrown back, eyelids flickering, mouth twisted in a grimace of ecstasy as he finally gave in to the myriad sensations battering his body and came. The clench of his muscles dragged Spike over with him, and they slumped to the bed together, a tangle of limbs pale and tanned.

Spike stirred first, lifting himself carefully off of Xander and moving onto his back. Shifting down the bed, Angel stroked Xander's face, admiring the clean lines of his new Childe. Such beauty, and it was his for eternity – to admire, to share, to love. He began to press kisses to Xander's face, learning his scent as he did so. Looking over at Spike he realised he was on the verge of falling asleep, another sign that he had not been feeding properly for a long time – vampire stamina should have seen him raring to go, not dropping asleep. Not wanting to tire either of them out, but wanting to stamp his mark on his newest childe, he slid over onto Xander back, tucking his cock between the firm cheeks of his ass. Using Spike's cum as lube, he began to thrust up and down, not trying to enter, just rubbing off against the smooth skin and the offering from Spike. His excitement ramped up as he felt Xander stirring in his arms, pushing his ass up encouragingly although it was obvious that he too was tired. It was more than enough considering the show he had seen between the two of them – earlier in the living area and also on the bed. He had been close to coming with Spike, only stopping because he knew that both of them needed to concentrate on making Xander and his new demon feel loved and welcomed into the family. Pressing himself into the hard body beneath him, he thrust his hips harder and faster, allowing his vampire face to slide out. Plastering himself over Xander's back, he gently sank his fangs into the join of his shoulder and neck, the taste of family blood enough to send him over into a long, gentle orgasm. Moaning with delight, he lapped at the marks, catching stray drops before laying a kiss against Xander's throat.

“Thank you”. The words were slurred, the voice low, but Angel heard and smiled – yes, Xander knew his place and was content. Sliding over on to the bed, he tugged the boy close to him, smiling once more as Spike shuffled himself sleepily over and joined the pile. Limbs entangled, sated and happy, they drifted off to sleep.