I'm 55. I'm married. I've got kids. I'm in the fucking Kiwanis club. What the hell am I doing here?
I mean it was just curiosity, right? Guys watch porn, especially when their wives outweigh them by a good 40 pounds now. So yeah, after she'd hauled her fat ass off to bed, I'd get online, watch some shit, stroke out a load.
Get boring though. Same old hot blonds sucking and getting rammed by the same old big dicks. So anal, that was new for a while, then gangbangs, bondage. But it all started blurring together.
Then one night I'm watching some MFM stuff. A MILF going down on some guy while her husband watches. Then she motions her husband over, grabs his head and shoves it down on the guy's cock. And the guy lets her. And she's shoving his head up and down making him suck it. Now, I've never been one of these guys that thought fags were disgusting or anything, never really thought much about it at all, but this shouldn't be turning me on, right?
But it was. The sub thing, I told myself. That's different. So I tried some femdom videos, women whipping men, sitting on their faces, that sort of stuff, and they weren't really doing anything for me, but then one came on where this English chick has her male slave on a leash and she leads him over to some guy and orders him to suck his cock. So he does. Then the bends him over this padded horse thing, kinda like a pommel horse, like in gymnastics, right? And she cuffs his wrists and ankles to the legs of the thing. And then she puts a ball gag in his mouth. Then she looks over at the other guy and says, "Fuck him."
And the guy just walks right up, hold the base of his cock in one hand, puts the head of his cock against the guys asshole, and he just shoves it right in, and I mean, like, hard. And you can see the guy who's cuffed down to this think kinda buck, and you hear him grunt through the gag. But the other guy just starts slamming in and out. You hear him slapping against the guy's ass cheeks. I mean he'd fucking pounding him.
After a while, he says, "I'm close," and he pulls out and starts stroking. The chick comes over, uncuffs the dude, shoves him on his knees in front of the other guy, takes his gag out, cuffs his hands back behind his back, and says "Beg for it."
So the guy just starts saying shit like "Please give me your load. Cum in my mouth. Please. I want your seed in down my throat."
And the other guy starts to groan a little, moves up real close and says, "Put out your tongue."
The guy on his knees, he opens as wide as he can and sticks his tongue all the way out. And the first guy starts cumming. One big jet right into the guys mouth, another on his face, then he rams his cock back in the guy's mouth, and I mean all the way in, right? His balls are pressed flat to this guy's chin. And he's grunting and cumming and when he's finally done, he pulls out and the cum and spit are just oozing down the guys chin, down his chest...
And I came. I mean I came hard.
So I'm asking myself, the femdom stuff, that didn't float your boat, not until the gay shit started. So maybe, I dunno, I got a gay streak? Which kinda freaked me a little. But hey, if you can't be honest to yourself about your kinks when you're alone watching porn, when can you, right? And here's the thing. I mean I'm not a kid, like a said, and I'm not like still hard, but I'm ready to go again. Gonna take a few minutes, sure, but I figure a little experiment.
So I pull up a gay porn page. No women, no femdom, just guys.
First video is a couple of young, hairless guys sorta making out, like kissing and shit, and that did nothing for me. The guys kissing actually seemed sorta gross. I click to the next one. Couple of guys fucking, but slow and easy, almost like they were being romantic. Nope. Not gross, but not what I wanted either. Click through to the next one. Middle age guy on his knees surrounded by three big black dudes, and they are taking turns on his face, and they aren't being gentle about it either. Now, don't get me wrong. This was no dom thing. I mean the guy on his knees, he was into it. But he was getting worked over, that's for sure. I mean these were some big fucking cocks and it was clear he couldn't deep throat them all the way, but they were making him try. He was gagging, chocking, shit slopping out of his mouth.
Then they put him on his hands and knees and one of them moves behind him, one of them takes his mouth. They are double-ending him as hard as they can. Then the guy in his mouth pulls out, cums all over his face, and the third guy just fills right in. Maybe it's the change in angle, but he gets his cock all the way down the white guy's throat. He's ramming his face, the other guy is ramming his ass. The guy in the back tenses up, starts grunting, slams all the way in and holds it there, then pulls out, cum trailing out behind his dick, then the guy in the front does pretty much the same thing. He's got his cock slammed all the way in and his grunting and cumming and some of it is leaking out the corners of the guys mouth.
And I'm cumming again. And hard.
So OK. I like gay sex. Not like gentle romantic stuff, but hard.
And I think I want to be the guy getting it. And yeah, that's kinda fucking with me. But again, hey, it's what I'm beating off to, it's not real life.
This goes on for a good month. Pretty much all I'm beating off to anymore.
Then one day it hits me. A fucking epiphany. I could probably get this kind of action in real life.
OK, I'm not George Clooney or anything, and I'm not a kid. Like I said, 55. But I'm 6'. I keep my weight under 200, little bit of a gut, but I work out a couple times a week, always had broad shoulders so I carry the weight pretty well. And I've got a decent cock. Better than 7", pretty thick. It's just I married when I was 21, never cheated. Not like some big moral thing, more like I'm not some natural ladies' man who really gets how to pick up chicks or anything. But I'd flipped through a fair amount of amateur videos on the gay channels, and guys that look like me? They're getting some action. And I had the feeling that there wasn't a lot of romance or pick-up shit involved. They just wanted to fuck.
I remembered hearing about Craigslist, but they'd stopped with the personal ads years ago. I figured something must have popped up. So I check online. There's Grindr, but you gotta have the app on your phone and my old lady is nosy enough that I'm not doing that. But I find this program called Sniffies. Don't need to download anything, you can use it right off the website. Fill in a little info about what you're looking for and it all pops up right on a map, shows where you are, shows who's nearby, you can send a message if you want.
So I put in my stats and I figure just put it out there. I say I'm in my 50s, never tried this before, but I think I'm kinda sub and I'd like to see where that goes. Lotta guys have pics on their profiles, mostly dick pics, some body pics, but I'm a little nervous yet, so I leave the little blue generic body they've got and I go live with it.
It's late, wife's asleep, I'd just cum to a vintage flick about some guy sucking off a mess of cocks in a porn theater. I'm about to head to bed, but I check the Sniffies thing. And there's a little red dot. Means I've got a message.
I open that up. There's a pic. No face, but a naked guy from like neck to mid- thigh. Looks a good bit younger than me. Not a six-pack or anything, but in good shape. And he's got a real nice, hard, long, thick cock. Message says "I love me a nice, submissive daddy. If you aren't some flake and are really looking to find out if you're ready to take it, hit me back."
Says the message came in about 40 minutes ago. I check the map thing. Guy lives about 15 minutes away, down toward the river somewhere. Says he's online right now.
I hesitate, but then I figure I'm just messaging the guy, right? So what the hell.
I type. "Yeah, I think I am ready."
Pretty much immediately, the guy says "Send a pic."
I reply "Not sure I'm crazy about pics floating around online."
Guy replies. "So keep your face out of it, pops. If you aren't even sub enough to send a fucking pic when I tell you to, stop wasting my time."
I think for a second, then reply. "OK, give me a sec. I don't have any. Got take one."
He replies "Naked, and show me your cock."
I'm in my bathrobe, so naked isn't going to be hard. I go into the downstairs bathroom, take off the robe. Jesus, just came to some porn 30 minutes ago and I'm already almost all the way hard. I stroke myself a few times, line the camera up with the mirror. I snap a pic and I check it out. Looks pretty good. But there's that little stupid horse picture my wife has in the bathroom showing over my left shoulder. Unlikely she'd ever see it, but enough people have been in the bathroom and it's uniquely ugly. I take it down, take the shot again. Just a headless naked 50 something guy with a hardon in front of an off-white wall. I upload it to the ap and send it.
A couple minutes and the guy responds. "Oh yeah, daddy. I'll do you. Get over here now."
My son is home from college, he's downstairs playing video games. My daughter is upstairs, probably would hear me leave. I don't need to be explaining where I'm going at midnight, but during the day? I'm out on calls on the time. I can do anything during the day.
"Can't tonight. Family is awake. Daytime is best for me."
I wait a bit. I'm about ready to shut down and go to bed. Then he replies. "You're starting to sound like a flake to me. You're gonna have to prove you aren't. You got a dildo or anything?"
What the fuck? I reply "No."
"Find something. Look in your kitchen and get a cucumber or whatever. Oil it up and stick it up your ass. Send me a pic of that and we'll talk. Reply with anything other than the pic and I'm done."
This is starting to feel really weird. It's also getting me really fucking hot. I go into the kitchen. There's a cucumber in there, but no way I'd ever get that in my ass. I've never even had anything in my ass. I start looking around. Wife's got arthritis, so she's got these kitchen tools with really fat, round handles. I grab this big spoon thing and start toward the bathroom. Then I stop, go back, get some olive oil.
It's harder than you think to take a pic of yourself with something up your ass. I lubed up the spoon with some oil, eased it in a bit, but when I bent over to try to get the picture, it popped out. I figured out that I needed to stick it way up there to get it to stay. So I did that. Bent over, clicked a pic, but it was way off-line. Bent over again, took several while kind of moving the phone around. Checked those, finally got one that worked, Weird seeing myself ass up with the end of a spoon sticking out, also kind of humiliating. Also kind of turned me on. I uploaded the photo and sent it.
And I waited. And waited. Then the little red dot popped up. "Nice. Rubbed one out to your pic. I gotta work at noon tomorrow, so you're gonna be here at 9am. I want to know your limits now."
I was so fucking horny at this point. "OK. Oral and anal I guess? No kissing. I mean I've really never done this before, so I'm not sure. Just don't send me home with any marks I have to explain. Address?"
He sent it with a note that said "9am sharp. Knock twice." I checked the map. Less than 15 minutes away. Some short little dead-end street I didn't know.

So it's the next morning. It's 8:55. I've showered, shaved, got on loafers, khakis and a button down. Street was in a dumpy little neighborhood across 52 toward the river, Turns out to be an actual fucking trailer park. And I'm parked on the corner looking at the ass-end of a shitty looking trailer that my GPS and the street number tell me this the right place. So I either get out of the car, walk up to this place and let some stranger do whatever he wants to me or I turn the car around and go home. I locked my wallet and phone in the glove compartment, got out of the car, buttoned the key fob in my back pocket, walked to the door and knocked. Twice.
He was younger. Only a little older than my son, probably early 20s. Blue jeans, a plain black t-shirt. About my height, probably 170 or so pounds. Dark hair, buzzed short. He looked me up and down then stood aside in the doorway and tilted his head toward what passed for a living room. There was a red plaid blanket spread out on the floor, an old leather ottoman at one end of it. A tube of KY Jelly and some paper towels were on the floor by the ottoman. Against the far wall, a beat-up plaid couch.
"Get in, strip and lie down on your back on the blanket."
I walked over to the blanket, turned around and looked at him. He just stood there with his arms crossed.
"I said strip, faggot. I gotta start repeating myself, you can leave."
I'm feeling a little numb, also humiliated. Also horny as hell. I untucked and unbuttoned my shirt. I didn't see anywhere to put it, so I dropped it on the floor. I stepped out of my loafers. I undid my belt, unbuttoned and unzipped my pants, pulled them off. I took off my socks. I was down to my boxer briefs. I paused for just second and then I pulled them off. I was standing there naked. My dick was already hard.
"On your back on the blanket," he said. "Spread eagle."
I did as he says, with my arms straight out to my side and my legs spread.
He pulled off his t-shirt and took off his jeans. He was barefoot and going commando. His dick wasn't fully hard yet, but it was swollen and hanging down. He walked over, sat down on the couch and just watched me, slowly stroking his dick until it was fully hard. Definitely thicker than mine, maybe a little longer.
After a couple minutes, I said "Am I supposed to do something?"
"Shut up. I need you to do something, I'll tell you."
He kept staring at me and stroking his cock. Then he got up, walked over and straddled me, his feet near my armpits, his dick hanging over my face. He kept stroking. He knelt down, his knees where his feet had been, his cock now only a few inches above my face, still stroking it.
"You want to suck my cock, faggot?"
I nodded.
He slapped my face. Not real hard, but hard enough to sting.
"You want it, you beg for it."
"Please let me suck your cock."
He slapped me again.
"I didn't say ask, I said beg."
"Let me suck your cock. Please. Ram it in my mouth. Make me take it. Make me choke on it. Please. I'm begging!"
"Shut up and open your mouth."
I opened it.
He slapped my face again.
"All the way."
I stretched my jaws open as wide as I could. He leaned forward and down, the head of his cock passing into my mouth, then more of it, then it was pressed against the back of my throat. He started pushing. I gagged. I reached up to push against his thighs. He slapped my hand away.
"You wanna be a bitch, you're gonna learn to be a bitch. You're gonna take the whole thing. Don't take your hands off the floor again."
I put my hands down. He leaned forward, harder. It didn't feel like there was any way this could work. He started to rock his hips, pulling his cock partly out of my mouth, pressing it back in. A little harder each time. I learned to breath in each time it went out. The angle felt wrong, so I tilted my head back a little. On the next thrust, the head of his cock pushed in a little deeper. Then a little deeper. Then a little deeper. I felt like I was choking, gagging, like I could barely breath. He leaned further forward. Finally, on one thrust, I felt his balls flatten against my chin. Even then he pushed harder.
He fell into a rhythm, rocking back and forth, his cock sliding in and out of my throat. My mouth and face and neck were now covered in spit. Finally, he pulled all the way out, got up, turned around and squatted down over my face.
"Suck my balls."
He sank down, his hairy scrotum in my mouth. I sucked and licked his balls while he stroked his cock. He slid forward a little.
"Eat my asshole."
This hadn't been in many of my porn videos. Wasn't really something I wanted to do. But then I realized that none of this was about what I wanted. I started licking up and down his ass crack, running my tongue over his rectum. He sank down.
"Get your tongue up my hole, faggot."
I pushed my tongue up his hole, working in and out, back and forth.
And then I heard a door open.
I was shocked, tried to sit up. The guy shoved me back down, but got up off my face. A black man in a bathrobe had come out of the bedroom in the back of the trailer, past the ottoman. He just stood there looking at us. Didn't seem at all surprised. He was a little older, thirty maybe, six foot three or so, heavier than the other guy.
"Hey bro," said the guy who just got off my face.
I started trying to sit up again, but he put a foot in my chest and pushed me back down.
"Hey Eric," said the black guy. "Who's this?"
"The daddy I reeled in last night."
"One with the spoon up his ass?"
"Yep."
"Cool." The black guy dropped his robe. His cock was semi-hard, not quite as thick as the white guy's but at least a couple inches longer. It was as big as any I'd seen online. He sat down on the couch and started stroking. "Don't mind me, gents."
"You didn't tell me there was anyone else here," I said. "I'm not sure about this."
"You didn't ask."
Eric, I knew his name now, knelt astride my head, his cock laying on my face. "Suck it, faggot."
I hesitated. The black guy laughed. "Man, I already seen you eat his ass, not like you got much to hide anymore. Suck that dick, boy."
I was more humiliated, more turned on. I opened my mouth. He was facing the other way now, so the angle was different. It took me a minute to take it all again, but pretty soon he was pumping in and out.
The black guy got up off the couch, stood between my legs. Eric took the black guy's cock in his mouth and sucked it while he fucked my face.
After a few minutes, the black guy said "We're being pretty rude to our guest." He knelt down between my legs, started to stroke my cock and then leaned forward and took it in his mouth. He took it all the way down while he reached between my legs and fondled my balls. Then his hand slipped down further, a long finger sliding between my ass checks. He found my asshole. He pulled his hand back, spit out my cock a second, licked a couple of his fingers, put my cock back in his mouth and slid one, then another finger down to and then into my asshole. It hurt a bit. I must have squirmed.
Eric said "Relax boy, you're gonna take a lot more than a finger or two. Get used to it."
I could feel an orgasm just beginning to build. I guess the black guy could feel it too, because he spit out my cock, pulled his fingers our of my ass and squeezed my balls hard enough to hurt a little.
"Boy's fixing to cum, Eric. And we ain't done with him yet."
Eric pulled his cock out of my throat and stood up. I was sheeted with precum and spit now, from my chest to my hairline.
"Roll over, face in the floor, ass in the air."
I did as I was told. The black guy walked up by my head, laid down on the floor, spread his legs on either side of me, lifted my head by my hair until his cock was under my mouth.
"You know what to do, boy."
I opened my mouth and took as much of him in as I could.
Eric was now kneeling behind me. He slapped me once on the ass. "OK faggot. I want you to reach back and spread your cheeks for me."
I did.
I heard the top of the tube of KY Jelly pop open, felt some dribble onto my ass, felt him work it into my asshole, one finger, then two, then three. He rammed them in and out twisting them around. Then he pulled them out.
"Beg me to fuck you, faggot."
The black guy pulled my head up by my hair. Spit ran down his cock, down my chin. I knew what to do.  
"Ram that cock up my ass. Make me your bitch. Make me take it. Fill my ass with cum!"
"Shut him up," Eric said.
The black guy pulled my head back down on his cock, and then put both hands on the back of my head and pushed down hard. Behind me, I felt Eric rub the head of his dock up and down on my rectum until it lodged in the opening. He pushed. It eased in a little. He pushed harder. It eased in more. It burned. It felt like my sphincter was tearing. Then I felt the head of the cock pop all the way through the ring of muscle. Eric kept pressing until he was all the way in.
The back guy kept pushing on my head. I gave up resisting. I shifted my head and relaxed my throat as much as I could as he pushed down harder and harder. It felt like the head of his cock was in my chest. Then I felt his balls against my chin.
"Jesus Christ," the black guy said. "Little bitch took the whole fucking thing!"
"He's a great faggot," Eric answered.
"Deserves a reward," the black guy said. He started pulling my head up and down, faster and faster.
"Here it comes, bitch."
The head of his cock was almost back out to my lips when I felt it twitch and then felt the cum flood into my mouth. As he spurted, he shoved my head down, lodging his cock back in my throat. He grunted, kept saying "Take it bitch, take it bitch" as the cum pulsed in my throat. The first part of his load leaked out around his shaft. He seemed to cum forever. Finally he gasped and pulled his cock out. I was gasping and retching, spit and cum flooding down into my gut and out of my mouth.
Behind me, Eric was pumping fast, then changed to where he pulled his cock almost all the way out and slammed it back. Out and back, out and back, his thighs smacking against my ass while his cock sank into my bowels.
Finally he pulled out.
"On your knees, faggot!"
I got up on my knees and he walked in front of me, stroking his cock.
"Beg me for it. Beg me for my cum."
"Give it to me," I almost shouted. "Flood me with it. Gag me with it. Choke me with it. Make me take every dro—"
My response was choked off as he slammed forward, taking my head in both hands and drove it into my throat as his load pulsed and jetted into me. I went totally limp and let him use me. His cock had just been up my ass and was now down my throat and I didn't care.
As he was cumming down my throat, the black guy slid down. "Give me your load boy," he said and sucked my cock in, taking it all the way down. I came instantly, harder than I ever have. When Eric was done, he pulled his cock out and wiped it off on my face. The black guy finished sucking out my load and sat up.
I was drained, exhausted, dizzy.
"Your ours, right faggot?" Eric asked.
I just nodded,
"Whenever we say, wherever we say, whoever we say. And we got friends. Lots of friends"
He threw the paper towels at me.
"Now wipe yourself off and get out of here.