Looking back, Joey Montana realised the sexual relationship he developed with his mother never really had a definite start. He had memories of things seen, said, done, that sowed seeds. And like seeds, they grow slowly until at some point they become flowers: beautiful, obvious and real.
His father left when he was just thirteen. Louise, his mother had Joey at 16. After the separation though, she threw herself into working, running the household, and providing for her son. Joey helped where he could -- a little paid work here, chores around the house, and life had been pretty hard.
Joey left school at seventeen and got a job in a timber mill. The work was hard but the money was precious. When he was nineteen, and his mother just thirty-five, she got a windfall. She won third prize in a national lottery with the first ever ticket she bought. The prize was a little over $86,000.
It was the first time they'd ever had free cash. Louise paid a few bills, eliminated the little debt she'd accumulated, and took Joey on a fourteen-day cruise. She gave him a generous allowance for the two weeks, and gave him instructions that he was to spend it all however he pleased.
They stood at the rail as the ship left harbour. The fresh sea breeze in Louise's long light-brown hair made her smile. She tossed her head to clear it from her eyes.
Joey said: "You're really beautiful today, mum."
"Just today?" She smiled, her hazel eyes flashing above her cheeks, pinked from the wind.
"Especially today. Because you're smiling and carefree, I guess."
"Thank you, honey." She looked at the passing landscape as the ship slid towards the open sea. Joey looked at her, studied her, as if he'd forgotten what she looked like. They both spent every waking hour making do, now he came to admire her womanliness as well has her motherliness.
Joey was of medium height and stocky build. Louise was a little shorter and slim, pert even. The stiff breeze made her thin cotton dress cling to her shape. Her breasts always fascinated him. They appeared large on her thin frame, outlined as they were right then, nestled above a work-taught stomach and shapely legs.
Louise looked at her son, and they put their arms around each other. Two women walked past, who apparently had partaken freely of the half-price 'welcome aboard' drinks. Louise heard one say "Look at that one! She scored well. He's gotta be fifteen years younger than her."
She giggled. Joey hadn't heard properly so she explained: "They think I'm some sort of cougar who's brought my man-toy for an ocean romp."
They laughed together. Louise's head rested on his shoulder for a few minutes until the ship left the protection of the cliffs and the wind blew harder. Louise got a little cold and they went inside to sit at the bar.
Being unaccustomed to unrestricted spending, they were soon quite merry. They chose a place to eat, drank wine, then returned to their cabin, which had two bedrooms, a shared bathroom and a small lounge. Best of all, they had a private balcony. The wind was on the other side so sitting out there sipping champagne was comfortable.
They'd been chatting all evening and had returned more than once to the overheard snippet of conversation about her as a cougar and him as her young beau. Now alone, Joey was saying, earnestly, that he was not surprised those women thought that. She was beautiful that night.
Louise had to admit she'd noticed admiring male eyes resting on her from time to time, but perhaps not fully realising that one of the pairs belonged to her own son. He had been a little uncomfortable with some of his thoughts about her. But now, as alcohol reduced their inhibitions that had already been minimised by their excitement at the pending adventure, Joey's mouth was uttering words he didn't seem to have the power to stop.
"No, I mean, see it from their viewpoint. These cruises are renowned for illicit liaisons. I reckon I saw two other couples with a noticeable age difference..."
" _Other_ couples? Are we a couple?"
"Hah hah. You know what I mean. I mean two pairs where the woman was clearly older than the bloke. And that young blond girl behind you sat on the lap of that weird man in the silly captain's hat and blazer and he's gotta be fifty."
"Maybe she's his daughter."
"She had her tongue in his mouth, so no, I don't think so."
"Oh."
And then his thoughts ran riot with his mouth making admissions he might not have made in any other circumstance.
"...And you're the sexiest woman on the ship, mum. Really. I mean, you're way hotter even than that young blonde, and..."
"Joey. Hush honey."
"Huh?"
"Think what you just said, to me, your mother."
"I know what I said and I meant it. Don't you know how hot you look? When you stand naked in front of the mirror, don't you see?"
He saw something in her eyes that made him stop, gulp. Suddenly the distant hiss of the water rushing past the hull seemed loud.
Louise had been listening intently. At this point she had not allowed the truth to emerge about how she felt, what she wanted. So her mind raced through thoughts without pause: _He thinks I'm sexy. Does he think about me naked, like I think of him naked? What if I... if we... What if he wants me? What if I let him? What if... I... Did what I'm thinking? If only I could admit..._
"Mum?"
"Huh? Sorry, honey. What was that?"
"I said, what are you thinking? You look, sort of, far away."
 _Tell him you're a little drunk and you're thinking about his naked body and showing him yours and letting him..._
"Oh, nothing honey. Maybe we should get some sleep."
"What? C'mon mum, it's just past 10."
"Um, well, maybe a walk on the deck?" _Yeah. Sober up in the cool air._
They went up the single flight of stairs and into the strong breeze. People promenaded, they joined in the procession. Louise hung onto Joey's arm, partly for support. She realised her nipples were poking out, and something else: They weren't only doing that from the cold. Which was why she felt that tingle all over. That long-forgotten tingle. Between her legs.
Joey's thoughts were more confused: _What the actual fuck did I say? I said she was sexy. What did I say that made her stop me, then glaze over? Did I actually say that I thought about her naked? Sure it's what I was thinking about at the time, but did I_ say _it?_
They rounded a corner and immediately found shelter.
"Oooh Joey. Let's stay here, it's cold in the wind."
They were under a lamp. Joey stared at his mother's nipples, poking against her dress. She felt, rather than saw, where he was looking. She was immobile. He didn't look away.
 _Oh stop pretending. Admit it Louise. Admit your desires. Admit what you're hoping for, and why you brought him on this trip. So let him look. Those nips aren't going soft while he's looking at them. Let's see what happens. Be patient._
She looked into his eyes, smiled, and looked at the waves again. _There. Confirmed. He had to tear his eyes away._
Joey spoke: "What are you thinking, mum?" _Tell me! What's on your mind? Please, let it be what's on mine. What's been on my mind all night, hell, all fucking_ year.
"I was thinking how lucky I am to be out here with you. How handsome you are. And strong. Here. Give me a hug."
She turned into him, put her arms around his shoulders. Immediately Joey's went around her waist, and they pulled each other in hard. Louise looked up at her son as her breasts were crushed against him.
"Hey, Tiger. You're gonna squash me."
He eased slightly, and let his hands slide down to rest on the tops of her buttocks.
 _Oh Yes! Oh, he didn't put his hands on my bum. Felt like he was going to._
Louise put her head on his shoulder. The fresh sea air filled her nostrils, she hung there for a few moments before she felt renewed tingling in her nipples.
 _Can he feel them through his shirt? Oh what the heck. He's not backing away. Did he...? His hands just went lower. And... Oh Christ. I think he's getting an erection._
He was. He'd already planned to blame the drink if she said anything, because he was confused. She was his mother, but he was sure she was...different... towards him. For example, had she ever pressed her tits against him? Or let him put his hands on her bum? No. So what did it mean?
 _And I'm not pushing you away, Joey. Notice that, baby. Figure it out._
Despite the cold, Joey's forehead was hot. His heart beat faster. _What's mum telling me? Can she feel my cock? I can feel her nipples. Is she... Will she let me...?"_
He swallowed drily as he let his hands slip lower. Over the curve of her buttocks, now running inwards towards the tops of her thighs. _She'd never have let me do that before. I'm stroking her bum. Fuck it. Blame the drink. I'm gonna..._
Slowly, Joey pulled his mother's dress up higher. Up, towards her buttocks. She had to know what he was doing. She wasn't stopping him.
 _Yes, baby. It's what I want._
Louise looked up into his eyes, then glanced around them to make sure nobody was near, then put her head back on his shoulder. Joey's doubts and confusion lifted. She'd given him silent permission. _OK. Here goes._
More quickly now, he hitched the dress higher then put his hands under the fabric, resting them on her pantied buttocks. She nestled in closer, said nothing, even when his boldness drove him to intrude further. Now he put his hands _inside_ her panties and cupped her bare bum. It was warm despite the cold.
 _Oh fuck! I've got my hands in my mum's underwear! She's letting me touch her! Oh sweet jesus, I want her to touch me too. How? How can she, out here?_
They stood like that for a minute, during which both felt sure they could feel each other's heart thumping. Joey gulped. Louise snuggled closer. She was surer, more confident than her son, and her maturity told her to let it be.
But Joey's mind was a mess of frantic, tangled thoughts: _I'm feeling her bum and I've got my hands on her bare bum and inside her panties and she's not moving away. Why isn't she moving away, slapping me, yelling at me? She's not very drunk I've seen her more drunk and she's always so reserved and I'm touching her bum inside her panties and she's still letting me and... Oh FUCK!_
Louise put one hand behind herself to hold one of his against her buttocks, then applying gentle pressure over that hand she slowly, deliberately turned around. Joey felt that hand slide around the bone of her hip, towards... _Oh god, mum!_ ... past the apex of the bone... _I can't bear this, I think she's gonna..._ to nestle inside her panties, with his fingertips touching the very top of her soft pubic hairs.
Pushing her buttocks back against her son's now obvious erection, she parted her feet and still with her hand over her son's, she pushed him down, down, until the destination of her desire, her need, was reached. Joey had his hand over his mother's pussy, and with a deft bending of her fingers, she pushed his inside her.
 _There, baby. Feel your mother's pussy. My wet, open pussy. Haha! You have your fingers in the pussy that gave you life! Ohhh, yes, baby. Slowly, gently._
As cool as Louise was about this incestuous situation, Joey was in a trembling fever. He bent slightly to get his fingers inside Louise's pussy, marvelled at how soft, and wet, it was, as his hips involuntarily started a slow grind of his cock against the crack of her buttocks. Part of him wanted to ignore the fact that the first pussy he had ever touched was his mum's pussy, another part of him came to the realisation that he was so achingly erect for this woman _because_ she was his mother.
"Joey. You still want to know what I'm thinking?"
"Yes."
"I want you to take me to bed."
"Oh shit. Mum?"
Her heart missed two beats. She'd said it. It had been months in the making, but she'd said it. Now her heart beat hard. _His hands are inside my panties. He hasn't moved. Hasn't pushed me away. Oh my. And his cock against my ass... I know he wants it too._
"Say it again, in case I misheard it."
Louise turned to face him, still with her son's hand down the front of her panties and two of his fingers inside her, kissed his earlobe and whispered into his ear, slowly, clearly "I want you to fuck me. Now."
He gulped, trembling in his excitement. "Are you sure?"
"Very."
"Oh mum. I've thought about you so much..."
Four minutes later, in their suite, they stood awkwardly in front of each other. Having agreed to incest, they didn't seem to know how to start. Now it was Joey who took the lead: "Will you undress for me, mum?"
She smiled for him, reached behind herself for the zip, pulled it down a little, and wriggled so the garment fell to the floor. She put her hands by her sides and smiled at her son.
Joey looked at the white lace bra and panties. Her breasts strained against the fabric, which cupped them snugly. His eyes fixed on the dollar-sized shape of her nipples, travelled down her stomach to the vee of lace that covered her treasure noticing the darker patch of her wetness there, then went back to her eyes.
She fixed his gaze as she reached behind for the clasp of her bra, unsnapped it, and pulled it off. And there they were, the objects of so many masturbation fantasies, his mother's firm and inviting breasts. The brown nipples stood out proudly now.
 _Oh! He's licking his lips with anticipation. His cock must be aching in that prison! And I'm so very wet for him._
 _God she's beautiful. Those tits are everything I imagined._
"Take your panties off, mum."
"Not yet. You can take them off in a minute. First I'm going to undress you."
Louise stepped towards her son and helped him out of the windcheater he wore, then the t-shirt underneath it. She stroked his biceps, then his chest, and delighted as his nipples hardened when she ran the backs of her fingernails over them.
She reached down for his belt and smiled into his eyes as she unbuckled it. Then came the button, then the zip which mercifully slid down without jamming.
"Are you sure, mum?"
Her answer was to pull his cock out of his boxers and squeeze it as she kissed his mouth. He gasped into hers. The touch of his mother's cool, gentle hands on his shaft sent shivers through him. She stroked it gently.
Joey's hands went to his mother's breasts. He rubbed, pulled the nipples, cupped the orbs...
"That's nice, honey. I can feel how ready you are. I want you to feel how ready I am."
He looked at her, and slid one hand down, down, until his fingers came to the elastic waist of her panties.
 _Oh my god. Is she really going to let me...fuck...her?_
A little awkwardly this time, he got his fingers inside them. His hand went lower, pushing the panties down out of the way, and then it was done. Joey's middle finger curled up and slipped easily into his mother's wetness, his palm resting on her trimmed pubic hairs.
 _Yes, son. Feel my pussy. Feel how much I want you._
Louise swooned at his touch just as he was luxuriating in hers. There they stood, mother and son, wearing only the last piece of underwear inside which they fondled and caressed each other.
Louise pushed his shorts down his thighs until they fell the rest of the way. Joey bent and did the same to her, gasping with suppressed desires when he saw her pussy for the first time. He was overcome with lust. He picked his mother up in his arms and carried her to his bed. He turned on the lamp and lay down beside her.
"Mum, what we're doing. We can't go back. It can't be undone."
Louise smiled at him, opened her legs wide and beckoned him on top of her. He smiled at the thought of how urgently she needed him. He knelt between her calves, lowered himself on top of her, and then sank inside her, all the way, both of them gasping at the sheer electricity of it.
 _Oh yes! He's inside me now! At last, my son is going to fuck me. He's so hard. And big. It's been so long since..._
Joey's brain screamed at him: _Is this real? Am I really inside my mother's pussy? Will she let me cum inside her?_
That first time was quick, frantic even. Joey hilted in his mum time and again, his belly slapping hers, her hips rising to meet him at every thrust. She felt the fire building in him, matched only by her own. She urged him on with her eyes, the urgency of her hips, and the pressure of her hands on his buttocks.
Joey was in a new heaven. He didn't care what else happened. Electric lust consumed him, only the hot honey of his mother's cunt provided any focus of sensation, everything else was peripheral. Through the fog of his raging desire, her heard her whisper breathlessly: "Oh Joey. I'm gonna cum, baby!"
"Oh mum!!"
"Fuck me baby. Make me cum."
Her thighs rippled as her pussy spasmed. Joey felt it, and desperately plunged into her. Louise's world shrank, the only things in it were her pussy, her burning clit, her tender nipples, and her son's rampaging cock.
 _He's gonna cum! Oh FUCK yes! I can feel it!_
Joey's whole body stiffened as his incestuous semen began its journey. He was vaguely aware of his mother's hands on his buttocks urging him into her, and her moans, and her pussy milking at him, and its heat, and her wet flush, but he was more intensely aware of the burn in his shaft, the swelling of his knob, as he began to spurt.
A small gob, a bigger one, again, again, another, another... Joey's balls emptied cum inside his mother in such waves that he wondered if it would stop. His face contorted, his buttocks went to steel, as he pushed and held there. Even when he had spent his load, his hips kept pressing and hers met him.
In the fog of afterglow, Joey slumped down on top of her. Still gently fucking as their senses returned, Louise stroked her son's sweaty brow.
"Oh, son. That was so good. I've wanted to do this for so long..."
"Me too, mum. I dreamed about you. Doing this to... no _with_ you."
"Say it, honey."
Hardly daring to express it, he whispered: "I've dreamed of fucking you, mum."
"And now you have."
"And now I have."
"Joey, honey. I sort of planned this. Just so you know, I'm safe. I can't get pregnant -ever -- and this wasn't some drunken fling thing. It happened even faster than I might have hoped, but..."
"It's all good, mum. It's good we did it so soon. Because we have thirteen more days."