Daddy doesn't want me to be a push-over. He dislikes the idea of others taking advantage of my giving nature. Thus, he gave me the task of seducing the librarian I had confessed to having a crush on and writing about it.
I walked through the library twice to make sure it was empty before asking the librarian for help finding a book that I had moved earlier. Jefrey checked the system first and I leaned over the counter to show my cleavage. And I wouldn't have thought he noticed except for a faint blushing redness that crept up his neck.
"Let's go take a look. It should be here." I followed him towards a secluded section of the library. I stayed close on his heels so that when he stopped to check the row headings I ran into him.
"Sorry. I didn't mean to run into you," I lied. For the briefest of seconds I had been pressed against him. He blushed and stammered as he told me not to worry. I could feel my own cheeks get hot too but I kept going.
Jefrey crouched down to flip through the bottom shelf. He wobbled and reached out to steady himself, grabbing my leg without thinking. He let go just as quickly and stammered an apology.
"It's ok. You can use me for balance if you need to." I brushed my fingers across the back of his head. I barely touched his hair but it felt electric. He must have felt it too because he turned quickly and ended up falling back against the shelves.
I laughed just a little because the look on his face was really adorable. "Hand?" He was looking up at me and took my offered hand. I pulled him up, just a tad too hard. He brushed against me.
"Th - thank you." His eyes were wide as he looked down at me and I tugged his hand just enough that he knew I wanted him closer.
"You're welcome." I looked into his eyes as I leaned into him.
"You smell nice...I mean, that's a nice scent! Your shampoo? I...I'm sorry. I'm not usually such a mess. Not sure what's gotten into me tonight." I was so close to him that he could feel my breath on his neck.
"I'm not making you nervous, am I?" I asked softly.
"No! I see you here all the time. I...I don't mean I'm watching...I just noticed..." I shifted to put my foot between his feet. I pressed against him enough to feel how interested he was. He trembled and I felt his hands touch my waist and then pull away again. "I'm sorry. I don't know..." He softly rested his hands on my waist again. He lowered his face and closed his eyes.
I leaned closer. "You seem to be having trouble deciding where to put your hands. Will you let me help?" I whispered into the crook of his neck. I held my breath as I waited for his consent. His eyes lifted to mine and he nodded. I took his wrists in my hands and softly rubbed my thumb across the inside of his wrist. A subtle shift of my body and he was trapped between the shelves and me.
I raised his right hand to my lips and kissed where my thumb had been. I turned my head and did the same to his left wrist. I leaned into him and lifted his hands up and behind him, placing them against the shelves. "Don't move."
My lips brushed against his, "Is this ok? May I touch you more?"
"Please," he whispered, nodding. My hands caressed down his arms, over his chest, down to his waistband.
"So polite," I teased, grinding against his thigh. I went for his belt and undid it with one hand while my other hand pressed against the outline of his cock.
"Fuck!" He looked shocked that he had spoken out loud.
"Are we the only ones in here?" He nodded. "Good. Don't be quiet. I want to hear when you like what I do, ok?"
"Yes. I will" He made a little whimpering sound that was probably caused by my grip on his hard cock. I got his pants undone and slid my hand inside. My fingertips caressed him slowly. "Oh fuck!" I heard him grip the shelves tighter behind him. I swiped my index finger around the head of his cock, smearing his precum all over. He twitched in my hand and his moan was perfect.
"I'm going to take your cock out now and I'm going to taste you. Be a good boy and don't move."
"Oh my god. I mean...Yes, Ma'am...Miss?"
"Ma'am is fine."
"Yes, Ma'am." He bit his lip and turned adorably red. I slid down his body to my knees and licked the tip of his cock. "Ooohhh fuck" I kissed him softly, increasing the pressure as I worked my way down this shaft. His breath became panting. I kept my eye on the fat drop of precum that was starting to slide down the head.
"Now I'm going to suck your cock. Don't move your hips and do not let go of the shelves." He moaned and nodded frantically. I nipped at his thigh with my teeth and then kissed it. "That's right. Don't move. Are you ready?"
"Yes, Ma'am." I sucked on the tip and his legs shook and his moan wavered. I deliberately made as much noise as I could, slurping and sucking him deeper into my mouth. "OOOhhhhhh fuck fuck FUCK. please please please!"
I moaned as I slid back off him.
"You taste so good. Do you want to cum like this or will you behave like a good boy and not move anything else if I let you touch me?" His needy little moans echoed in the empty library.
"Please? I need to cum. I ... I want to touch. Please, Ma'am, I'm so close."
I sucked on the tip again just so I could hear him moan.
"You can put one hand on my head." He buried his hand in my hair, gripping me firmly but not so tightly that it hurt. "I'm going to fuck you with my mouth and when you feel me squeeze here," I rubbed his balls, "I want you to cum. Can you do that for me?"
His voice rose an octave as he replied, "Yes, Ma'am!" I half moaned and half growled as I started moving my mouth up and down on his shaft working it in tandem with one hand, while bracing the other hand against you so I could rub my thumb over his balls in rhythm with my mouth. The shelves rattled as his body shuddered and his cock twitched in my mouth.
I moaned as I took my hand off his cock and reached under my skirt to rub my pussy. "OOhhh fuck yes so close please please" When I finally flicked my thumb over my clit, I took him all the way in and squeezed gently on his balls.
My mouth was full of his hard twitching cock as he obeyed just like he said he would. His moan started low and rose in pitch; his grip in my hair tightening as he keened and filled my mouth with cum. I swallowed and licked him clean. I saw back on my heels and looked him over. Sweat dripped down his face and neck as he leaned exhausted against the shelves. His cock was softening as I watched and I reached out to caress it one last time. I giggled when he gasped and twitched.
I stood up and tucked him back into his pants and got his zipper and belt back in place. "Thank you for your assistance," I tapped his name tag, "Jefrey." And I left him there, an absolute mess.