The White Thong
by EdwardSimms©

My sister Jenny is one year older than me, and an extremely cute little brunette. She has a 26 inch waist, 35 inch hips, and well formed 34C breasts. Her eyes are a mix of green / brown, and her lips are extremely full and pert. I hadn't really noticed any of this until I was at least 18 years old. I am 6 ft, quite powerfully built, dark brown hair, full lips, and the same mix of green / brown eyes. My name is Brian.

Both Jenny and I smoke, but I always kept a supply, unlike Jenny, who always used to run out! Knowing this, Jenny used to sneak into my room each morning and quietly snaffle a couple from my packet, which I kept on my bedside table. I didn't mind her doing this, because I always pretended to be asleep. I would actually be carefully watching the dark outline of her mound, which was always visible through her nightdress at close range, even through eyes that appeared to be closed. I would wait until she had left the room then proceed to have a good wank. I always kept a good supply of tissue under my mattress.

Jenny was still living at home when she had her 20th birthday. I had worked up the courage over a period of time to buy her a special present. I waited until all celebrations were concluded and no-one else was about before approaching her. Jenny looked sheepish and hurt as I approached her.

"How come you didn't get me a present Bri?"

"I did Jen." I said, and pulled a small parcel from behind my back. Jenny beamed at me.

"Open it later when you are on your own," I said, blushing profusely. Jenny kissed me on the cheek, then ran off up to her room.

A couple of days went by and Jenny didn't mention the present. This worried and embarrassed me. Had I done the right thing? Later that evening, when our parents had gone out, Jenny came up to me.

"Would my little brother like to see me wearing the present he bought me?"

"Yes." I replied, not realising how eager I had sounded."

"Come up to my room in five." She instructed.

It was probably only two minutes before I my impatience got the better of me. I knocked on her door and was told to wait a moment. Eventually Jenny opened the door. She was wearing a top that extremely enhanced her cleavage, and an extremely short, red check, pleated skirt. She ushered me in.

"Don't get the wrong idea, I'm only going to show you what your present looks like on."

Jenny sat down on the bottom of her bed, then lay back and raised her skirt to her waist. The tiny white see through thong I had bought her looked more magnificent than I had dreamed it could. I looked into her eyes and felt something warm inside. She looked back at me, and I could see that she liked my appreciation of her body. She then focused on the tent pole that I hadn't realised had appeared in the front of my trousers. Once again my glare returned to the thong. It was small and stretched tightly over her extremely cute mound. Her pubic hair was neat and trim on a bulbous mound intersected by a deep pink gash. I could feel myself getting so hard that it hurt slightly.

"You can kiss me if you want." She said.

I leaned forward over her body, my legs between hers, and let my body weight rest on her as I gently kissed those beautiful full lips. We both kept our eyes open. It felt like we were looking into each other. I became aware of the outline of her slit sliding against my erection. There was a fire burning in my crotch and groin like I had never experienced before. I exploded, and the sensation kept me pressed hard against Jenny for what must have been at least a minute. A moment later I became aware of an extremely wet, sticky feeling in my pants. Jenny pecked me once more on the lips, and I got up. As I looked down I could see that Jennies lips were now spread wide, and there was a huge damp patch between her legs.

For some reason Jenny and I didn't speak of this again. Two weeks later I had joined the army and went off on my training. Jenny married a few months later and had two children.

Three years later, just before I was due home on leave, I received a letter off Jenny. Her husband had left her and she was in a bit if a state, could I visit her? I wrote back and told her that I would stay with her during my leave period.

Jenny did look a bit miserable when I first saw her, but after a day out with the children and myself, she seemed to cheer up immensely. By 8pm the children were out on their feet and went to bed. When I entered the lounge Jenny was sitting in an armchair, in her dressing gown, watching the TV. I dropped down in front of her, with my back against her armchair, and one of her legs either side of me. After a while I leaned my head slightly to one side, and pecked the inside of her thigh through her dressing gown. Instantly I felt Jenny give my head a slight squeeze between her legs. A few minutes later I did the same the other side and got the same reaction. Not wanting to push things because of Jenny's recent situation, I left it at that for the evening.

We spent the next day at a theme park. Once again by 8pm the children were all in. This time I sat in the armchair waiting for Jenny. Eventually she walked in. She was wearing a tiny top and that short, red check, pleated skirt.

"Do you mind if I have the chair and you sit on the floor again?" She asked.

"Of course not." I said, whilst moving.

Once in position I could feel the warm, fresh skin of Jenny's inner thighs occasionally gently brushing against the outsides of my face. I could feel something coming to life in my trouser region. Once or twice I gently pecked the inside of her thighs, getting the same reaction as I had the night before. Jenny began to run her fingers through the back of my hair. This was something that I loved, and I began to feel a strange, but nice feeling of warmth throughout my body. A few moments later I became aware of Jenny's beautiful mound gently grinding against the back of my neck. The stirring within my genitals now grew to a full blown throbbing. I began kissing her inner thigh more forcefully now, working my way upwards. I got on to my knees and turned around. The first thing that I saw was that lovely little white, see through thong, stretched once more, tightly, over that succulent mound and gash.

"I see you kept it then." I said.

"Of course, I put it on when I'm feeling horny, then masturbate!"

"Have you ever worn it for anyone else?"

"Don't be stupid." She said.

We stared at each other for a while, and I could feel the heat rising in my chest. Leaning forward, I opened my mouth, and enveloped the crotch of her thong. I could feel her lips gently opening in my mouth. The thong became exceedingly damp, so I pulled it to one side. Gently I flicked my tongue around her swollen clit, then began to lap more generously at her gash. Jenny started moaning, and I stuck my tongue as deep into her hole as it would reach. Suddenly the whole of her body stiffened, her thighs squeezing my head tightly. This lasted about 20 seconds. As I raised my head Jenny began to tear furiously at my trousers in an attempt to remove them. I got the message and took them off myself. Settling once more I took Jenny's gorgeous breasts into my mouth, sucking and gently biting her nipples. I felt Jenny's hands grab my hips.

"Fuck me Bri." She said.

I left the thong on, but pulled to one side. I didn't want to climax too soon, so I took my huge erection in hand, and brushed the head gently against her clit and labia. Jenny, however, had other ideas. She pulled my hips toward so hard that I had no option, but to enter her. The inside of her hole was so warm, damp, and inviting, that I could already feel the heat entering my genitals, which were throbbing beyond belief. Jenny's hips were making movements that I had never experienced before. Suddenly, once more, her whole body stiffened. That was it, I exploded. The two of us locked our genitals hard against each other. For a few moments I could feel the pleasure becoming more and more intense.

"I love you Bri, I always have." Jenny said.

"I love you too Jen." I replied.

We kissed passionately, then carried on fucking. Arrangements were made for me to always take my leave at Jenny's, whatever her circumstances. 
