This is all Mikey's fault, Gerard thought as his shoulder blades pushed awkwardly against the cold tile wall of the filthy men's bathroom at The Jester Club. Mikey would be horrified at the thought, probably, because who really would want to be responsible for the fact that one's older brother was currently being molested by a mildly drunk and breathtakingly hot tattooed punk kid? But Mikey was the one who'd gone out of town to visit his girlfriend's family, and insisted Gerard use the ticket to go see his roommate's band open for Live Wire at the Jester. Gerard didn't know who or what else to blame. Once upon a time, he could have also blamed the alcohol he'd been drinking, but he was clean and sober now. He couldn't blame Mikey's roommate Pete, because his band had killed their set. Possibly Live Wire should take part of the blame, because their new lead singer sounded a little like a wounded cat and Gerard had slunk off to the upstairs bar to spare his ears. It was there that he'd run into - literally - the hot guy with all the tattoos. Just being in the same room as so much alcohol had made him jittery, and he'd been ready to escape already at the time of the collision. "Shit, shit, sorry," he'd exclaimed breathlessly as the impact sent the guy's plastic cup flying, liberally dousing both their arms with beer. Sickened by the feel of the quickly-drying liquid on his skin, he'd clamped a hand around the other guy's wrist and dragged them both into the bathroom to clean up.

Except it looked like the other guy had misinterpreted things a little. The door had barely swung shut before he'd gotten himself turned around and slowly, purposefully backed Gerard into the wall. Gerard swallowed, his eyes tracking up and down. Short hair with long, straggling choppy bangs. Smudged eyeliner, nose and lip piercings. Tattoos crawling out from under the sleeves and hem of his black tee where - Gerard licked his lips - it barely met the waistband of his tight, shredded jeans. Okay. He was definitely hot. Gerard felt something stir in the pit of his stomach. It had been a long time since he'd had anyone this much in his space. He could see the specks of gold and green in the guy's brownish eyes. "Um - " he started, only to cut himself off in surprise as the guy reached past him to twist the door lock with his free hand.

"You've got me in here. Whatcha gonna do with me?" He had a deep voice for such a little guy, and he'd only slurred a tiny bit. He sounded a tiny bit amused, but a lot turned on. Gerard realized he was still gripping the guy's wrist. Maybe he likes it, Gerard thought wildly. At least half his blood had suddenly drained out of his head, he knew that much.

"I was gonna wash the beer off," Gerard said, stalling for time, and the guy laughed, a scratchy stoner giggle that somehow made him even sexier.

"Don't bother," he said, raising their still-joined arms and licking a slow, wet path up the inside of Gerard's wrist. Gerard jerked back in surprise, which only served to bring the shorter man stumbling up against his chest. Belatedly, he let go of the guy's arm, but not before he'd breathed in an intoxicating lungful of the sweat and cigarette smoke scent that clung to his neck. Not before he'd felt the hard line of the guy's cock press against his thigh. He let out a sound, half gasp, half groan, hands falling instinctively to wrap around the guy's hips. The other man smirked, pushing closer. "That's what I thought," he said, voice practically dripping with satisfaction.

Gerard growled a little, deep in his throat. He was just surprised, that was all. If Hot Tattooed Guy wanted a piece, then he could fucking have it. He reached out a hand, wrapping it around the back of the guy's head to where his sweat-damp hair lay in a velvety fuzz over his skull, crushing their lips together. No more hesitation, just tongues, occasionally the sharp edge of teeth. He was making the most gorgeous noises into Gerard's mouth, and he tasted less like beer than like cigarettes. Gerard wanted to lick along the angle of his jaw, and really, what was to stop him? So he did, adding a sharp nip in the soft hollow beneath his ear. The other man jerked against him, his hands clenching where they had paused their exploration beneath Gerard's leather jacket. Then they dropped suddenly to Gerard's belt, fumbling lightning-quick with the buckle before shoving inside, pushing the black denim down along with the elastic of Gerard's briefs, and he sank more-or-less gracefully to his knees on the dirty floor.

Gerard bit down on his bottom lip hard, drawing in a ragged breath. He was already half-hard just from the sweep of the guy's fingers over his over-sensitive skin, and when he wrapped one hand carefully around the hardening shaft, Gerard groaned, hoping he didn't embarrass himself completely. A puff of hot breath was all the more warning he received before his cock was sliding past the guy's lips, his sinfully gorgeous mouth engulfing him in wet heat. If Gerard hadn't been leaning against the wall already, he might have fallen, just at the sheer sensation. It had been such a long time, and fuck if he hadn't forgotten exactly how amazing it felt. He reached blindly for the other man, his hand dropping heavily on his shoulder for a moment before he gave up and simply tangled his fingers through the long strands of the guy's hair, holding on for dear life.

Gerard tried to hold still, breath wheezing and muscles shaking a little with the effort, but he couldn't help himself from snapping his hips forward a little at each particularly wicked curl of the guy's tongue. He let out a strangled sound of distress, but the guy just hummed a little against Gerard's skin and laid his hands over Gerard's hipbones, shoving him back against the wall more securely. Gerard collided with the blow dryer but barely even felt it, tipping his head back to haul in a few deep breaths. One of his hands was still twined in the guy's hair, but he trailed the fingers of the other hand down to the nape of his neck, feeling the muscles flex as the guy bobbed his head, increasing the speed and the force of his suction till Gerard's thighs trembled with the need to come, now. He let his head loll forward, blinking open tightly-shut eyes and watching the guy's eyelashes flutter against his cheeks. It was too much, the sight of the beautiful boy, Gerard's own flushed skin disappearing into his mouth, his tattooed fingers splayed possessively across Gerard's hips. He groaned, helplessly, and the guy seemed to know he was close, one hand dropping out of sight in his own lap while the other reached to join his lips around Gerard's shaft.

He opened his mouth to speak, to tell the guy how close he was, maybe just how fucking good it felt, but the English language had deserted him, and whatever sounds he made were hopelessly garbled. The other man was still working him with his clever lips and tongue, dragging his fingernails across the sensitive skin of Gerard's thighs in a slow, torturous scrape. Gerard's fist clenched in the guy's hair, hard, and his hips jerked forward in tiny pistoning motions as he came into his hot mouth.

When his head cleared a little, Gerard felt a stinging sensation in his fingers and unclenched his hand from the guy's hair. He hadn't exactly acted like he minded it, but Gerard smoothed a hand through the sweaty strands a few times in apology, leaning against the wall and watching numbly as the guy spat out his mouthful of come onto the already-filthy floor, one tattooed hand pressing heavily against his own crotch. Gerard's breathing had evened out a little, and as the guy levered himself to his feet using Gerard's hips as handholds, Gerard moved quickly to pin him against the sink.

He didn't know what to say to this guy, this hot as hell punk kid who'd somehow decided he wanted to make Gerard come his brains out in a dirty club bathroom. So he didn't say anything, just tugged at the buttons of the guy's fly until he could slide a hand into his briefs and close it over his cock, already rock-hard and leaking. He knew it wouldn't take long. The guy was already flushed and panting, and Gerard pushed even closer, sweaty hair swinging forward like a curtain as he leaned in to bite an earlobe, trail his mouth along the sweaty skin of his neck to taste the scorpion inked there. With only a choked huff, he spilled hotly into Gerard's hand, too much for him to hold on to. He tugged at his own jeans one-handed and stumbled over to the next sink to rinse the sticky fluid down into the rust-stained bowl.

Gerard met his own eyes in the mirror, familiar color and shape but a wild expression he nearly failed to recognize. He'd never done something like this before; or maybe he had, but he'd been too drunk to remember after. Sober, there was really no way he could see to get out of this gracefully. What did he say? 'Thank you for getting me off?' 'You're the hottest thing I've ever seen?' So he just shook the water off his hands and quickly did up his dangling belt buckle. But when he turned around, Hot Tattooed Guy was still there, standing quiet and disheveled in the same spot, and Gerard needed, just needed to touch him one more time. Sliding one hand up the soft, warm skin of his bicep, he pulled him close, covered his lips with his own. Then he forced himself to let go, turning away to snap the lock on the bathroom door and slip back out into the crowded bar.

Before he could do anything stupid like turn back around and throw himself at Hot Tattooed Guy, Gerard stuck his hands in his pockets, put his head down, and walked straight out of the club, back into the anonymous streets of the city.

*

Clamping his cell phone between his face and shoulder, Gerard fumbled with the bag of Dunkin Donuts coffee beans he was attempting to dump into his grinder. "Hold on," he interrupted Mikey mid-sentence, pushing the switch on the grinder. Only a few beans escaped this time.

"Hazelnut?" his brother asked, and Gerard made an affirmative noise, tongue stuck between his teeth as he poured the grounds into his coffeemaker. "How many pots is that for today?"

"None of your business," Gerard told him. "Probably less than you anyway." The Way brothers had always been pretty well tied in the coffee consumption sweepstakes. "So, we got interrupted the other day - you had a good weekend?"

"Yeah, and Alicia says hi. What about you? Tell me you at least used that concert ticket I gave you?" Mikey didn't sound very hopeful.

"Yes, I did actually, smartass," Gerard told him.

"Fuck, I totally owe Pete twenty bucks now," Mikey said, a faint air of surprise coloring his normally deadpan voice. "Gerard Way went out on a Saturday night? Stop the presses."

"You threatened me so I'd use that ticket, and then bet against me? Nice, Mikes."

"Whatever. At least tell me you talked to another human being while you were there."

Gerard choked on a sip of coffee. When he was done coughing, he said weakly, "Um...sort of?"

He could practically hear Mikey's eyeroll. Then there was a crash from the background, and his brother said, "Shit, the crypt just fell over, gotta go. Later, Gee," and the call disconnected.

Gerard was still shaking his head as he doctored his coffee with creamer and Splenda. He'd been on set for enough of Mikey's movies to know that his brother's studio redefined 'low-budget' horror, but somehow the finished product was always wildly popular, if not particularly lucrative. Mikey didn't seem to care. The former dress shop below his and Pete's apartment served double duty as Mikey's studio and Pete's band's practice space. And speaking of Pete, Gerard had a corporate logo design to work on for the nonprofit where Pete did PR. He shuffled over to his worktable, clutching his coffee like a lifeline.

An hour later, his sketchpad was littered with logo variations, his computer drafting program blinking mockingly empty. Gerard was staring into space. He didn't see the burgundy wall of his living room. He was watching colorful tattoos flash across smooth creamy skin. Since he'd left the club Saturday night he'd spent more hours than he cared to admit drifting off into daydreams, only to realize his mind was replaying his encounter with Hot Tattooed Guy like a silent movie. Sometimes, it was more than just remembering. Sometimes the daydream-guy was in Gerard's bedroom instead, stripping off the rest of his clothes, Gerard's mind filling in the half-hidden tattoos, the lines of his body that had only been hinted at by his tight clothes. Imagining the way he'd writhe against Gerard's sheets when Gerard tasted the colors staining his skin.

The squeak of Gerard's desk chair brought him back to himself, and he heaved in a shuddering breath and pressed the heel of his hand against his crotch. This was getting ridiculous. It had been three days, and he was still fantasizing over a freak occurrence. Obsessing like a sex-starved teenager. No, just a sex-starved twenty-seven-year-old. He was pretty sure his imagination hadn't been quite so vivid at seventeen. He flexed his fingers, hissing a little at the pressure, and puffed out a few slow breaths before grabbing his coffee cup and standing up. He had too much work to do to let himself get distracted like this. He'd deal with the effects of his unruly brain some other time. Like tonight, in bed. For now, he was just going to have to settle for more coffee.

*

Ever since Gerard had gotten sober, Mikey'd been on his case to 'get out more'. Gerard thought this was a little unfair, because Lord knows when he was still a drunk, he'd gotten out plenty. But not, apparently, anywhere other than bars. So on Wednesday morning, Gerard set his alarm, got up, showered and dressed, and headed into the city to deliver his logo designs in person. It wouldn't be too bad, he told himself. The train was pretty excruciating during rush hour, but it was past that time now, and he'd never been to Pete's office but from what he'd heard, it was a pretty laid back place. If Pete was the head of PR, it would sort of have to be, Gerard mused, chuckling to himself. And once he was in the city, he'd maybe have time to swing by his favorite comic book store, or the funky little gallery where his friend Lindsey from art school worked. And when Mikey called, he could tell him all about it. Mikey would act like he was the biggest dork in existence, but Gerard knew he was proud. It was just really well-hidden.

Gerard checked his portfolio to make sure the finished sketches and the flashdrive with the digital files were all there, then let himself out of the house and started walking toward the train station. His shitty silver Subaru was in the shop, yet again. He'd have to remember to stop by the garage to see Bob later and check on the progress. It was a windy day, and Gerard knew his hair was a complete birds' nest by the time he reached the station, but he didn't bother fixing it, just settled into a seat with a paper cup of coffee and a bag of Reese's Pieces and tried not to make eye contact with anyone. By the time he got to Pete's office, halfway up a seen-better-days high-rise in the Flatiron District, his shoulders were tight but he was still moving. The receptionist showed him directly in to Pete's office, but from his brief look around the office he got an impression of a lot of personalities bursting out of their standard-issue grey upholstered cubes.

Pete's office, unsurprisingly, was jam-packed with posters, company giveaways, and knick-knacks of all shapes and sizes and, especially, colors. The entire effect was rather eye-popping. Pete didn't help matters. His idea of office attire apparently ran along the lines of a black bowtie with a jean jacket and violently red jeans. Pete looked a little tense despite the festive attire, and Gerard said tentatively as he settled onto the edge of a purple armchair, "Are you sure this is a good time?"

Pete waved a dismissive hand. "Oh, just...growing pains, you know? It's hard to find sponsors for a non-profit that aren't just chasing a trendy tax write-off."

"You're looking for the true believers, then?" Gerard asked, sipping from the coffee mug the receptionist had handed him, emblazoned with a ten-point buck and the message "More than just a nice rack."

"Well, yeah! That's why I'm excited to have you on board, Gerard. Your designs are..." he gestured to his computer screen, where he'd pulled up the contents of the flashdrive. "It's going to give us the look we need to be taken seriously. I've seen the stuff you do for Mikey, but the gore-free stuff is pretty awesome too, you know?" Gerard laughed, and leaned over to flip through the rest of the design variants with Pete. It only took an hour or so to settle on the designs Pete wanted to present to the management staff. He urged Gerard to stay and have lunch, but Gerard said no, he had other errands to run.

He stopped in the doorway, remembering, "I guess I'll see you on Friday, though."

Pete looked up from his stack of post-it notes. "Oh, you're coming over? Awesome."

Gerard tucked a chunk of hair behind his ear. "Yeah, promised Mikey. I have this new poster design for him anyway, for the troll flick?"

Pete laughed. "Gre-eat," he drawled. "The one for the werewolf movie gave me nightmares."

Gerard grinned. "I'm taking that as a compliment, you know."

"Yeah, I know." Pete sighed. "You Ways are freaks. See you Friday, Gerard."

Gerard was still chuckling when he stepped into the elevator.

*

When Friday evening rolled around, Gerard spent a long time pacing in front of his closet, twisting strands of hair between his fingers and staring at his clothes choices. Mostly black shirts, black jeans, black jackets. Some of them were brightened up by splashes of dried-on paint, but those weren't the nicer items anyway. He rubbed at a strand of hair. Was it too dirty? When was the last time he'd showered, anyway? Wednesday, probably. Mikey wouldn't care if he showered or not, and he didn't know any of Pete's friends that well anyway. He pulled on a long-sleeved thermal tee, a pair of black jeans, and then caught sight of the clock and swore. He was so fucking late. Halfway down the street, he remembered his poster for Mikey and swore again, walking quickly back, fumbling in his pocket for his keys and re-entering the house to grab the black plastic tube.

When he finally made it into town, it was really late, and Gerard was tired and not in the mood for socializing. He let himself in the front door of Mikey and Pete's building with his key and trudged up the stairs to the upstairs apartment. He could already hear music and raucous voices, and it made his skin crawl a little. He'd met some of Pete's friends, but usually one at a time. He wasn't sure how this was going to go. Closing the door behind him, he glanced into the living room and saw Mikey, rocking back on the couch, arms around his own waist, shaking with laughter. He flapped a hand weakly at Gerard and turned back to whoever was sitting with him. Gerard shook his head and crept down the hallway to stash the black plastic poster tube in Mikey's room. When he came back out, he headed back towards the noise but took a sharp detour into the kitchen, suddenly feeling the need for a Coke Zero to give him something to do with his hands. He grabbed the edge of the fridge door and leaned in, poking around through all of Pete's weird vegan food in search of soda.

He heard a voice from behind him, muffled by the fridge door but sounding strangely familiar. "I recognize your hands," it said. Slurred, really. Gerard straightened up, closed the fridge door gently, and turned around, and oh. It was a small, compact frame, colorful tattoos, and hazel eyes. It was, in short, Hot Tattooed Guy. In Mikey's kitchen. Shitfaced, in Mikey's kitchen. What the fuck?

"You're here," the guy was saying dreamily. "Are you real?" He stumbled closer, hands clutching handfuls of Gerard's shirtfront. Gerard wrapped his hands around the guy's hips automatically to keep him from falling over, and got a faceful of hair for his trouble as the guy swayed into him, lips fastening gently onto the curve of Gerard's neck. That, of course, was when Mikey walked in. His eyebrows shot up, and then he cleared his throat and said, "Frank? You know my brother?"

Frank. He had a name. And he was turning his head, rolling one cheek heavily against Gerard's collarbone to look over at Mikey. "He's the Dude!" Frank slurred. "Dude, your brother. Dude in Black."

Mikey looked at Gerard over the top of Frank's tousled head. "How exactly do you know Frankie here, Johnny Cash?"

"It's a long - " Gerard bit back a gasp as Frank shifted in front of him, their dicks rubbing together briefly " - story," he groaned weakly. Frank was sucking at a spot on the side of Gerard's neck, and Gerard closed his eyes for a moment. He would have tried, in just one moment more, to disengage Frank, or so he told himself, but he didn't have to. Frank suddenly mumbled something into Gerard's neck and pulled away, disappearing through the kitchen door. Gerard was left shivering, standing in the kitchen with his brother, who frowned at him.

Someone in the living room called out, "Mikey, Joe's got this bong going, where the fuck did you disappear to?" Mikey made a face, and Gerard rolled his eyes.

Gerard said, "Just go. Go, I'll explain tomorrow. I promise. Promise!" he repeated, when Mikey raised a questioning eyebrow. He stood by himself in the kitchen for a few more minutes, nursing his soda, thinking. He didn't care if Mikey drank or smoked up every once in a while. He didn't need a babysitter or anything. But he wasn't sure how to react to Hot Tattooed Guy - Frank - being here. It struck him suddenly that he must be a friend of Pete's. And that was completely different than being a hot nameless bar hookup - or a jerkoff fantasy. Gerard felt weird, now. He didn't want to be Frank's drunk hookup, either, he realized, pacing into the dark dining area and cracking a window to light a cigarette. That was probably the last thing he needed in his life right now. Even though he couldn't get Frank's face out of his head. Maybe especially because of that.

He smoked the cigarette down to the filter, grinding it out against the brick sill and sneaking into the living room to drop the butt in an ashtray. Pete and his friends were sprawled in various corners of the room. There was a video game paused on the TV, several dudes having a very intense conversation over a couple LPs, a huddle around the bong on the coffee table. Pete saw him and waved, but no one was really paying attention to him. Gerard also didn't see Frank anywhere. He hoped he hadn't left in the state he was in. He frowned, shifted uneasily in the doorway for a moment, and then decided to go check the rest of the apartment.

The very first door was Pete's home office. The door was standing open and the room was dark. The next door, the bathroom door, was closed, but no one answered Gerard's knock so he slowly twisted the knob and peeked inside. Ah. There Frank was, sitting slumped against the wall by the tub. His eyes were closed and his jeans were still half-unbuttoned. Gerard knelt next to him on the bleach-splattered bath mat and reached out to touch his shoulder. "Frank?" he said quietly. "It's me. Gerard. Are you okay?"

One eyelid cracked open so Frank could squint up at him. "Gerard," he repeated slowly, rolling the r's a little. "M'k. Tired. Where'm I?"

"The bathroom - you gonna be sick?"

A lopsided shake of the head. "Nah. Heyyyy. Dude. Gerarrrrrd. Found you."

Gerard snorted a little. "Yeah, you did." He reached out and smoothed a few tangled strands of hair out of Frank's face. "M'gonna stand you up now, okay?" Frank's eyes had drifted shut again, but he nodded weakly and Gerard slid an arm around his back, gripping tight under Frank's armpit and hauling him to his feet. Frank was practically a rag doll but heavier than he looked, and Gerard almost ran them into the wall a couple times, but luckily Mikey's door was the next one down the hall. Silently apologizing to his brother for stealing his bed, Gerard eased Frank down onto the mattress, tugging off his ratty Chucks and pulling the comforter up to cover him.

When he turned to go, a hand snaked out with surprising accuracy and clamped around his wrist. "Frank?" he said, surprised. He knelt down beside the bed. "Can I leave you here, Frankie?"

"Heyyyy," Frank whispered, eyes still closed. "No. Stay." Gerard's stomach twisted in a giant knot. But he stayed, cheek leaning against the edge of the mattress, till Frank's breathing evened out and his grip on Gerard's wrist loosened. And he stayed after that, curling up in Mikey's ugly mustard-colored overstuffed armchair with one eye on the bed till both of his drooped closed as well.

*

Gerard woke up too damn early the next morning, confused for a moment about exactly why his body hurt so damn much, before he realized he'd fallen asleep in Mikey's armchair. Then he remembered everything else in a rush, and his eyes shot to Mikey's bed, where a lump of comforter and a shock of dark hair were all that indicated Frank's presence. Gerard sighed and rolled his neck. What a shitstorm. He scrubbed a hand over his face and hair, lazily, and unfolded himself from the chair, lurching clumsily out of the room and down the hall to the kitchen. Mikey and Pete's coffeemaker was practically a sentient being. He was sure he'd be able to coax at least one cup out of it. Maybe that would help clear his mind.

To his complete shock and surprise, Mikey was already awake, standing at the kitchen counter shoveling down cereal and flipping through an issue of Fangoria. He looked up and saw Gerard, reached over and filled a coffee cup, and shoved it across the counter without even a word. Mikey was a fucking awesome little brother.

Three or four healthy sips in, Mikey flipped the magazine shut and tossed it aside. "So. Tell me how you acquired a hobbit-sized admirer that you didn't even bother to tell your own brother about." Mikey was a fucking annoying little brother. Gerard ignored the question for a moment, reaching for a bowl and spoon from the drying rack by the sink and grabbing the box of Frankenberry cereal. Mikey passed him the milk and lifted an eyebrow.

"Sorry about your bed. I didn't know where else to put him," Gerard mumbled.

"S'okay. Grabbed the couch in Pete's office. Surprised you didn't. That chair comfortable for you?" Seriously, most annoying little brother ever. Gerard glared and rubbed his neck.

"Why didn't you wake me up, then, asshole?"

"Why didn't you crawl in bed with your neck-sucking little friend? I mean, I'd have to burn my sheets, but still...."

"I - " Gerard didn't even have a comeback for that. Fucking annoying little brothers, seriously. Mikey was enjoying this way too much, the corners of his mouth twitching as he spooned up his own cereal. Gerard scowled into his bowl. Therefore, he wasn't sure exactly when Frank walked into the room, but the next thing he knew, he was pulling back the chair next to Gerard's and taking a bowl of cereal from Mikey, as Mikey immediately started giving him shit about how drunk he was the night before. And, even more humiliating, he didn't seem to remember Gerard's name. But why would he? Gerard knew the type of people Pete ran around with. They were all a lot more fun than him. Hell, Mikey was a lot more fun than him.

Gerard didn't feel too hungry anymore. Shoving his bowl away from himself, he jumped up from the counter and dug in his coat pocket for his cigarettes. He probably let the front door slam a little harder than he should have, considering the early hour, but fuck if he cared right now. When he got down to the bottom of the stairs, he saw through the glass of the front door that it was pouring rain, so he took a sharp left turn and went into the studio instead. He knew Mikey's crew snuck cigarettes in there sometimes, so as long as he didn't burn anything down, it should be okay.

Lighting up with a grateful inhalation, Gerard wandered around the cavernous room for a while, poking around in an eerily accurate recreation of an 80's teen girl's bedroom and a Lloyd Kaufman-esque stack of oil drums before stumbling upon what could only be the falling crypt from the other day. It had been rebuilt since then, and was actually sort of amazing at looking like centuries-old stone. Mikey had some seriously good set dressers working for him, Gerard thought appreciatively, before he remembered he was supposed to be mad at Mikey right now. He sat down in the doorway of the crypt, trying to blow smoke rings and squinting at the abandoned dressmaker's dummies shoved in a corner. The wavering smoke made them look like a horde of zombies, and Gerard's fingers twitched a little for a pencil.

He heard the door creak open, and he knew it'd be Mikey, but he didn't get up, just kept smoking and tapping his fingers against his thigh. Mikey didn't say anything right away either, just settled himself onto the fake turf next to Gerard, long legs folding awkwardly. Finally he reached out and snagged the cigarette from Gerard's fingers, taking a quick puff before returning it carefully. "I pissed you off up there, huh?" he asked mildly.

"You think?" Gerard said bitchily.

"Aw, come on, Gee. You used to be able to take it. I just thought...I thought things were getting back to normal." His voice twisted a little, and he sounded like the little brother he was.

Gerard ground the butt out on the sole of his boot and speared his fingers through his hair. "Things are normal, Mikey. It's just...it's sort of a new normal? I don't know what to tell you."

"Tell me about Frank. I mean, he seems pretty rad, Gee, but he was really fucking wasted last night, and...I guess I just don't get what's going on?"

Gerard wrinkled his nose and made a face at Mikey. "I...well, I met him last weekend, at Pete's gig. Except we didn't exactly get as far as exchanging names."

Mikey snorted. "Do I want to know what you did exchange?" Gerard felt himself turning red, and Mikey added quickly, "Okay, I'm gonna take that as a big no. So, you and Frank got to know each other, in some fashion, and...."

"And I can't stop thinking about him, okay? Except I never thought I'd actually see him again, especially not in my brother's house! And...yeah, he was really fucking wasted, Mikes. He wasn't exactly sober last weekend at the club, either. I don't know if I can be around that."

"But you want to be around Frank," Mikey said. It wasn't a question, not really. Mikey sort of always had Gerard figured out. Sometimes even before Gerard did. Gerard sighed.

"Maybe." It was as much as he was willing to admit.

"Okay." Mikey sounded thoughtful. It was a bad sign.

"Mikey, don't do anything!" Gerard pleaded fruitlessly. It was like Mikey had selective hearing most of the time, but especially when he was trying to fix Gerard's life somehow. "Seriously, Mikes. Just leave it alone. I'll be fine."

"Of course you will, Gee," Mikey said reassuringly, patting him on the arm. It was the least reassuring thing Gerard could imagine, especially when Mikey went on to change the subject and ignore all subtle and unsubtle attempts to change it back. They went out later, braving the rain to stock up on comic books, and Gerard caught the train home one poster tube lighter, a half dozen comic books heavier, and completely untrusting of his brother's ability to keep his nose out of Gerard's love life. Or lack thereof.