The Airport Cell Phone Lot
by Antiquate

A voyeur watches you naked in the airport cell phone lot.

It was 4:00 PM on a cold, windy March afternoon and you are scurrying around the house to leave for Metro Airport to pick me up from a long, overseas flight. A few days prior, I sent you a "suggestion" by email that you might want to consider picking me up wearing only your long red coat, the one that covers you from your neck to your ankles. You thought that might be fun and would certainly spark a sexy reunion after I had been away for a week.

To get ready, you showered, shaved your pussy carefully so it was completely bald. You did your makeup. Except for your black, knee-high boots, you remained as naked as the day you were born. You quickly donned your red coat and made sure to button it up completely.

As you headed out the door to our Ford Expedition, you paused for a second before locking the garage entry door to consider whether you should grab some "emergency clothes" to toss into the back seat, "just in case." You glanced at your watch noticing that you were running late and thought, "what the hell, I can do this without them."

As it was March, the temperature was in the high 30's and it was gray, overcast and a bit windy. The car was cold when you hopped in, so you cranked up the thermostat to warm your scantily cloaked body. You allotted two hours for the drive which should give you sufficient time, even if my flight was a bit early.

The drive was uneventful. You used some of the time to fantasize about our meeting and how you would tease me by stripping slowly out of your coat on the way home. In just over an hour and fifteen minutes, you reached the exit for Metro Airport, and you spied the sign for the South Cell Phone Waiting Lot. As you made the drive in what appeared to be record time, you calculated that you would have almost an hour to wait before my flight arrived and I cleared customs. You were a bit miffed that you would have to wait for a longer period than you had planned.

As you pulled into the South Cell Phone Lot, you noticed that all the parking spaces were canted at an angle, with spaces on the left facing the airport and, on the right, facing a small, wooded area. There was a 20-foot grassy strip in front of the wooded area next to the parking spaces. While it was now dark outside, the lot was dimly lit by overhead lights. There were about five cars waiting, and a couple of them had their headlights on and their engines running as evidenced by the smoke from their exhausts. You decided to pull into a space on the right as you entered the lot, facing the wooded area. Other than your car, all but one of the cars in the lot were behind you, facing the airport. The one car on your side of the lot was about fifteen spaces away and was sitting with its lights off. You sat with your lights off but with the engine running to keep the car warm.

For the first 15 minutes as you sat there fighting off boredom, you began to fantasize again about our meeting. You thought about how you would undo the red coat's buttons, one by one, starting from the top. This brought about a pleasant tingling.

Behind you, one of the sitting cars backed up and headed out of the lot. The car's lights startled you a bit and brought you out of your reverie. You began to realize that it was warmer in the car than you intended, and you were beginning to sweat in your red coat. You undid the top button but, in less than 30 seconds, you realized this wasn't providing relief from the heat, so you undid the next two buttons and pulled your coat apart a few inches. This helped somewhat but sweat was slowly trickling down your cleavage. What to do? You thought about turning the engine off, but you didn't want the car to cool off quickly. In your sweaty condition a cool-down would amplify quickly and leave you chilled.

You looked around, left, right and behind. The closest car was still 15 spaces away on your left side and it appeared that occupants of all the cars behind you couldn't see you as they were facing away from you. So, you undid two more buttons and opened the coat a bit more, allowing your breasts and your nipples to show. This now seemed to be doing the trick. You clearly weren't as warm.

The lights of the car 15 spaces away on your left side suddenly flashed on and it began to pull out. This startled you and, instinctively, you pulled the sides of your coat together. Chuckling, you realized this was not a threat, so you opened your coat again, a little wider this time. Now, you were sitting all alone on the right side of the lot with only the dim lights of the dashboard barely illuminating you. This felt great for exactly two minutes.

All of a sudden, a car entered the lot and pulled into a space on your right, only two spaces from you. The newly arrived car's headlights briefly flashed across your face and upper body as the car pulled in but, as it came to a stop in the space, the driver shut the lights and engine off.

You glanced at the newcomer over your right shoulder to calculate what kind of view the driver might have of you. As all the cars were at an angle, the driver's window of the newcomer's car was actually a few feet behind your passenger's side front window, about equal to your rear passenger's side window. It was clear that the driver of the newcomer's car could, at best, see the back of your right shoulder that was encased in your red coat. You couldn't actually see the driver or anybody else who might be in the car. You couldn't tell if the driver was a man or a woman. Satisfied of your modesty, you went back to looking at your phone and reading a long news article.

After a couple of minutes, a red glow appeared in your peripheral vision causing you to glance up. The glow had appeared directly in front of your car, but it wasn't there now as you strained to see what it was or what caused it. Your windshield was now fogged up a bit from the steamy interior heat of the car, making it difficult to see clearly. You went back to your phone.

Another couple of minutes passed and a stiffness in your neck caused you to look up abruptly. Shocked, you thought you saw a man standing about 10 feet directly in front of your car, in the grassy area that precedes the beginning of the wooded area. He appeared to be smoking and he was looking directly at you. When he brought his lit cigarette to his lips, the red glow appeared again but it seemed to move almost imperceptibly to the right, which didn't make sense. The man appeared to have an appealing tan and sandy blonde hair. He looked to be about 35. Other than that, you couldn't make out his features very well because of your slightly fogged windshield.

Seeing the man, you froze. Here you were sitting with the top five buttons of your red coat undone, your coat opened wide and your breasts completely visible to anybody looking directly on. The man in front of you appeared to smile, in obvious appreciation of what he was seeing. But you remained paralyzed; a force you've never experienced before held you in place and your brain became fuzzy, similar to the feeling brought on when you smoke a joint. You couldn't move your arms. It was as if they were taped to your sides. Logically, through your brain fog, you knew that your breasts were visible, but you couldn't bring yourself to cover them.

With what appeared to be an appreciative grin, the man moved his eyes down, as if to signal that he wanted to see more. Your fogged brain dutifully moved your hands forward to the remaining buttons on your coat. You undid them slowly, allowing your coat to gape open completely with your entire body on display. A tingling feeling engulfed your body, especially in your pussy and your breasts. Your logical mind whispered to you that the man was too far away to see over the hood. Only your breasts could have been visible to him. It was mesmerizing and you were chilled to the bone. You closed your eyes and clenched your teeth.

After what seemed to be a lifetime but, really only 10 seconds, your trance lifted, and you opened your eyes, looking directly forward, scanning for the man who stood in front of the car. He wasn't there! Did he duck down in front of your car while your eyes were closed? Was the fog in front of you only in your mind or was it really covering your windshield? Where was the man? How could he have disappeared so quickly?

Through the fogged window, you could faintly see a red glow. The man still didn't appear to be there and, inexplicably, the red glow moved very slowly to the right and beyond your vision. The red glow was followed seconds later by another faint, moving red glow. Was this the man walking away? If so, it appeared he must have been in the middle of the wooded area in front of you. You reached up furiously to wipe the condensation on the inside of the windshield to get a better view of the mysterious, moving red glow. You squinted and through your fogged windshield you realized that the moving red glow you were seeing was on the highway, well beyond the wooded area at least a quarter mile away. These were automobile taillights!

You swung your neck to the right to look for the car that had parked within two spaces, right next to you. Unbelievably, it wasn't there! You were certain you saw it arrive, but you definitely didn't see it leave. Could it have pulled away when you were in the trance? Why wouldn't you have heard it start up and pull away? Was it ever there at all? What about the man? He disappeared as quickly as he had appeared. Was he even there at all or was he a figment of your imagination?

Your brain was muddled. You finally came to the realization that you were sitting almost naked in the driver's seat of your car. Just then, your phone rang. It was me, your husband, letting you know that I was in the baggage claim area waiting for my bag and would be ready shortly. Your hands sprang into action and quickly buttoned every one of your coat's buttons except for the top one. You turned on the lights, backed out of the space and headed to the terminal.

Arriving at the terminal, you spotted me standing on the curbside. I gave you a small wave and you pulled up right next to me. You got out of the driver's seat to come around the car to greet me. We met in front of the car, in the glare of the headlights, and you kissed me passionately, holding me tightly, as if you would never let me go. You hopped in the front passenger's seat, and I took over driving. As we pulled away, it seemed that you were mildly distressed, your skin and cheeks were a bit flushed, and you were breathing quickly. I asked if everything was OK. You replied emphatically, "It is now!" I took this to mean that you were truly glad of my return.

As we slowly maneuvered away from the curb into the main stream of traffic, you happened to look to your right at the cars that were stationary, waiting to pick up their passengers. I had to stop for an emerging car, and this brought us even with one of the parked cars. Staring directly up at you from the driver's seat of this car was a man with sandy blonde hair! You stiffened and quickly glanced down, but, from your millisecond glimpse, you could tell that he had a smile on his face as he made eye contact with you. This looked like the man from the cell phone lot! Were your eyes playing tricks on you? We pulled away when the traffic cleared a few seconds later. You were still flushed but thankful that we were on our way.

As we exited the terminal road, you leaned over and kissed me passionately on my right cheek. Your fingers went to work on the buttons of your red coat, and, in no time, the buttons were all undone. You pulled your coat apart and, within seconds, wriggled out of it, throwing it into the back seat. With a passion and determination I have rarely heard from you, you pointed at your body and exclaimed, "This is all yours, and only yours!" I silently wondered why you needed to tell me something that was completely obvious. But I was very grateful...and, very turned on.
