Heart of a Wolf:

Just a few months after Sam leaves for Stanford, John and Dean find themselves hunting what they think is a werewolf. They’re completely unprepared when they find themselves facing not a werewolf, but a berserker: a man who has undergone an ancient ritual and invited an animal spirit into his body—in this case, a wolf. The berserker seriously injures Dean, and is stopped from killing him only when the wolf intervenes, jumping from its current host into Dean.

It heals Dean’s injuries and then conceals its presence from him, leaving Dean, John and Bobby (whom John turns to for help) confused by his miraculous recovery. Several months later, the wolf emerges and uses Dean’s body to slaughter a tribe of goblins. Once the goblins are all dead, it very nearly attacks John in order to get at the girl they’re supposed to be rescuing. Dean manages to regain control at the last moment and, horrified by what he almost did—by the invasion of his mind and soul—he demands that John find some way to get the wolf out of him.

When they return to Bobby’s, however, they discover that the wolf has already made itself at home and has no intention of going anywhere.

Berserkers are stronger than humans: faster. They also suffer the unfortunate side effect of soul bleed—the merging of their soul with the animal spirit—which inevitably results in madness and a descent into feral savagery.

Instead of summoning the wolf, however, Dean was chosen by it. Bobby has no idea what that will mean for him in terms of soul bleed, speed and strength: has never heard of such a thing happening before. It’s obvious that the wolf’s decision to inhabit Dean of its own free will makes him more than just a normal berserker, though. The wolf has already shown that it can heal Dean—an unheard of ability for a berserker to possess—and there’s no telling what other side effects he can expect.

The only ‘cure’ Bobby can offer is an amulet to keep the wolf dormant and sleeping. It’s a precarious solution: if Dean takes the amulet off—even for a moment—it may not be able to trap the wolf a second time.

At his own insistence, Dean is kept tied to Bobby’s spare bed while they wait for the amulet to arrive. Boredom seems to be his biggest problem until the wolf seizes control while John is helping him drink some water. Using Dean's body, the wolf bites down on John’s hand, breaking the skin and providing an entry point for the bear spirit that immediately funnels through Dean and into his father.

The wolf’s hope is that, with John a berserker himself, Dean will be more willing to accept his own passenger. Instead, Bobby procures a second amulet for John and the Winchesters hesitantly begin hunting again.

Strength of a Bear:

Although the bear slumbers inside of him, John is having trouble resisting its lure. Before Bobby placed the amulet around his neck, the bear promised him vengeance on his wife’s killer, and John has hunted too long and too futilely to turn away any help out of hand. He holds himself back for Dean’s sake, but when Bobby calls and asks for John’s help with a demon he trapped—a demon that has been talking about Lawrence: about Sam—John’s will begins to slip.

Leaving Dean to finish up a job in Athens, Ohio, he flies to Bobby’s to confront the cornered demon. There he learns that the demons are connected to his wife’s death, and that they want Sam. With his sons threatened, John has no options left. He knows he won’t be strong enough to protect Sam and Dean on his own and, despite Bobby’s warnings, decides to become one with the bear.

Meanwhile, Dean is taking care of a revenant in Athens and falling in love with a journalism student named Cassie Blake. After his father makes a disturbing call that sounds all too much like goodbye, Dean falls into a depression. Abandoned by Sam and his father, and with only a thin leather cord standing between him the wolf’s demands, it feels like there’s nothing left for him. His sudden feelings for Cassie are a possible source of salvation, and he throws himself into the relationship with something akin to desperation.

It seems to be the right decision. Dean is loved, and seen, and he can feel himself beginning to heal. He has just decided to base his future hunts in Athens so that he can stay near Cassie when he returns to the motel to find his father waiting for him.

John seems dark and strange: more demanding than usual. When he orders Dean to come with him to Flagstaff, Dean stalls. He tries to tell his father about Cassie and John attacks him, shoving him against the wall and almost choking him unconscious.

Dean initially thinks that John took his amulet off and let the bear in, but when he looks, the amulet still hangs around his father's neck.

John apologizes for his behavior, explaining it away as stress from hunting Mary’s killer and from finally having found a lead in Flagstaff. Dean dutifully agrees to go, delaying only long enough to tell Cassie that he has to leave—and why. When combined with his secretiveness throughout their relationship, the story is too much for her to believe and they part with bitter, angry words.

Things are awkward between John and Dean on the drive to Flagstaff, and John buys himself a truck immediately upon arrival. With two vehicles, they can split up to cover more ground, and John can slip away to pursue the demons without involving Dean. On the hunts they do undertake together, John is an unstoppable force: faster than Dean remembers him being, and stronger.

Dean's unease about his father's behavior steadily deepens, but every time he checks, the amulet is still there, and he can't bring himself to believe the worst: that the father he knew is dead and he’s hunting with a monster.

Then one day while Dean is visiting Bobby, John shows up unexpectedly and Rumsfeld's hostile reaction to him reveals the truth: that he has indeed let the bear in and embraced the added strength it offered. Bobby draws a shotgun on John in an attempt to protect Dean from what his father has become. Blood is always thickest when it comes to Winchesters, though, and Dean leaves with his father willingly.

Now that his secret is out, John stops wearing his amulet, which has been nothing more than a cheap replica since he showed up again in Athens. As horrified as Dean is by what his father has become, he can’t stand to leave John to endure the soul bleed on his own. They continue to hunt together, which is unsettling for Dean, and apart, which is even worse because John inevitably comes back with bloodstained clothes and no explanation for what he’s been doing.

Finally, while on a job in New Orleans, Dean wakes up with his father's hand on his amulet. John is moments away from ripping the amulet from Dean’s neck and freeing the wolf. With Dean’s pleas ringing in his ears, he comes to his senses in time and flees instead: disappearing and leaving Dean with no other option but to turn to Sam for comfort and protection from his own aching loneliness.

Interlude: Veritas:

Dean gets his amulet back after he kills the skinwalker in St. Louis, but the damage has already been done. The amulet can’t hold the wolf back completely anymore, and Dean’s dreams are no longer his own. He can’t continue to hide what he’s becoming from Sam—for his own brother’s safety if for no other reason.

St. Louis made it clear to Dean that the wolf sees Sam as its main rival in the struggle for Dean's heart, mind and soul. It seems willing to do almost anything to get him out of the way, including bargain with the hated skinwalker. Who knows what it will try if it’s freed again?

In the middle of a lonely stretch of highway in Iowa, Dean pulls the Impala over and tells Sam what happened to him. He warns his brother about the wolf.

And then very pointedly doesn’t tell Sam about John. His brother is reacting badly enough to the news that he has picked up a passenger. Dean, who has tried and convicted himself for what he considers to be their father’s murder, doesn’t want to add to the rift between them.

From Veritas to Fetters:

During the events of Faith, Dean finally breaks down and tells Sam about their father. He’s concerned that Sam will continue to look for John once he’s dead: terrified of what John will do to Sam when Sam finds him.

In the months that follow, Sam and Dean continue to rebuild their fractured relationship. Dean manages to keep the amulet around his neck where it belongs, the wolf is quiet, and things are beginning to look up.

Then John comes back into their lives, and they find themselves hunting a demon in Salvation. When John is kidnapped by the same son of a bitch who killed Mary, the boys are frantic to rescue him. But the father they recover in Jefferson City isn’t carrying one passenger but two …