Katie peeked down the hallway, but there was no indication where it was. She would assume she was in Flint Manor, but she had never been there before. Picking a random direction, Katie walked down the hallway. She eventually found her way to a staircase down, which she took. There was a large portrait at the base of the staircase of a couple and four sons. The youngest was a younger version of Marcus. It only served to highlight how little she knew about him.

"Ah. And you must be Kathleen."

Katie whirled around and faced an older version of the woman in the painting. Marcus' mother. "I go by Katie, actually."

"Ilona Flint," she said, grasping Katie's hands. "Marcus mentioned he brought a friend home. It's very dangerous, you understand. Come, let's have tea."

"Marcus? Is he here?"

Something in her expression shifted before she shook her head. "Oh, no. He's very busy. But he always makes sure to visit me every few days. He's a very good boy. A very good boy."

Katie let her mouth shut instead of asking all of the questions she would have wanted to ask. Something didn't seem quite right about Ilona Flint. "Of course he is," she said soothingly. "Tea sounds lovely."

Ilona led her to the parlor, where there was a roaring fire going even though the room was oppressively warm. It was richly decorated, though Katie couldn't help but notice the distinct absence of anything over the fireplace. An empty hook hung there. "Was there a painting there?" she asked.

Ilona poured the tea for both of them. "Take a scone, dear. They were just made, and are best when fresh." When Katie didn't move, Ilona looked up, eyes hard. "Take a scone."

Katie took it abruptly, though she made no move to eat it. "The room is lovely," she offered, hoping it would calm her down. So much for Marcus saying she would be safe...

"Of course. My late husband prided himself on the family estate. Pride for the architecture, as if he had built it himself," Ilona said with a girlish titter. "Quite maddening, he was."

"Mrs. Flint, where does Marcus go?"

"Oh, he has his business to do. There's no need to worry about it. He's a busy boy, and he always makes sure to come back every few days so I won't have to worry about him."

"Is his business something to worry over? I have to admit I don't know what he does," Katie lied, smiling sweetly at the woman. She looked to be in her mid sixties, if not older.

"Oh, just business," Ilona replied vaguely, waving her hand around. "Like his father and brothers before him. They have to do so much for our Lord, and there are so many responsibilities. Marcus has so many things to do now that it's just him."

"It is?" Katie asked, taking a sip of the tea after Ilona did. Ilona seemed harmless enough at times, but at others, she seemed completely batty. Katie didn't trust her for a moment.

"Oh, yes. First Pierce died, nasty business there, we shan't talk about it," Ilona said firmly. "And then there were our boys," she murmured. Her eyes were glassy as if remembering something, and she trailed off.

"The boys?" Katie prompted after several minutes of silence.

"Phineas, Nathan, Terence and Marcus," Ilona said, turning her attention to Katie. "Our boys are such good boys. Very polite and well mannered. Always eager to help their father with his duties. Phineas took over, of course. And Nathan and Terence. And now it's Marcus' turn, the poor boy. He has so much to do on his own. Five Flint men and now it's all on his shoulders, no one to bear the load with him," Ilona murmured, shaking her head. Katie was almost afraid to break the spell. "It's so difficult for him, you realize. He was here with me when Pierce was killed." Ilona patted Katie's knee and shook her head, as if merely saying they were out of scones. "The others were away, of course. There were missions to do, and our Lord wanted Marcus to start early. He was just a boy, you know, a very young boy." Ilona sipped her tea, her eyes glassy. "So much blood. I didn't know there was that much blood in a body. Pierce defied our Lord for the first and last time, but Marcus was allowed to wait until he finished his schooling. Poor dear managed to fail once, but it would have been too suspicious to do it too often."

"He repeated a year," Katie murmured, stunned. He endured everyone taunting him for being thick enough not to show up for his NEWTs the year before. Now she felt sorry for her own jibes at him on the pitch during his second seventh year. Maybe that was why he stared at her so much, eyes dark and glittering as he looked at her.

"Yes. Poor dear. It was the fastest way to delay the inevitable, but he couldn't use that ruse for long. They know he's not an imbecile. He cleaned up after his father, after all, no sign of any blood in the hall." Ilona's smile was vacant, and Katie was frozen in place. "Poor dear. He never did find all of Phineas. Nathan had been killed by the killing curse, he told me. He wouldn't tell me what happened to Terence, no matter how much I begged him to." Ilona's eyes sharpened as she took in Katie's pale face. "For the best, my dear. It was all for the best. Many of the old families weeded out the weaker children. Only the strong ones inherit, after all. Everyone else is ground to dust."

"I see," Katie murmured when it seemed that Ilona wanted her input. "And that happened here?"

"Well, nothing else for it. He's such a good boy. He checks in every few days so I know how he is and that the Manor grounds are still secure. He's all there is between us and the darkness waiting." Ilona patted Katie's knee in a friendly manner. "Kathleen, was it?"

"Katie," she corrected gently.

"Of what family are you?" Ilona asked, picking up a scone and some cream. "Kathleen is such a lovely name. You should use it properly."

"I'm Katie Bell."

"The Bell family. Lovely Pure folk, correct?" Ilona didn't even wait for Katie to agree. "The youngest didn't have her coming out ball, if I remember correctly. Pity."

Katie hadn't thought so. It was going to be the same weekend as the Gryffindor/Ravenclaw match, which was infinitely more important to her. Luckily, her parents didn't think much of the tradition anyway.

"Many of the old line families aren't conforming as much to tradition anymore," Ilona lamented, shaking her head. "All this talk of blood mixing, of stripping the old families of properties and distributing inheritances to those that shouldn't have them, opening ourselves to persecution like in the Dark Ages... These are Dark Times, indeed, Kathleen. I'm so glad that my Marcus is trying to keep out of that."

"What did he say about that?" she asked carefully, sipping at her cold tea.

"You were in trouble," she said, waving her hand about vaguely. "Likely killed if he hadn't intervened. Or worse. There's always so much worse. My daughters-in-law... Well, it isn't meet to talk about them this way, when they're not here to defend themselves."

"Daughters-in-law?" Katie echoed. The one painting with the intact Flint family had been with only the four boys. It was likely before the others had married.

"Velma and Constance. Dear girls. Marcus took care of it, I'm sure. Terence might have helped. Or did that happen after he disappeared?" Ilona shook her head. "I'm not certain. So difficult to tell time from day to day to day sometimes."

"I haven't seen any clocks or calendars, but I haven't had a formal tour," Katie told her. It felt as if the entire Manor had been ripped out of time, suspended in a place where nothing could impact on the remnants of the family ever again.

"We should rectify that," Ilona told her, abruptly putting her teacup down. "You should know where everything is."

Katie was then swept up on a grand tour of the Manor. The ground floor held the parlor, the formal dining room, the informal dining room, the library, the music room, the receiving room with the large fireplace and Floo powder, the ballroom, the greenhouse, the sun room and the area of the house where the kitchens and mudroom were. The upper floor held all of the twenty bedrooms, each with their own attached bathroom. "Twenty?" she had asked, surprised.

Ilona had looked at her with a vague expression. "We used to have such parties. Such balls. Pierce was a wonderful dancer, waltzing about the room. Such a beautiful man." Then, as if she had forgotten Katie was even there, she turned and descended to the first floor and headed to the parlor. "Apple! Is it not tea time? I shall have my tea in the parlor!" she called out.

A house elf had already whisked away the old tea arrangement. A new one, Apple, brought in a new set. Katie could see a new pattern in the china, a delicate floral arrangement that looked like a set her mother had as well. Ilona stared at the set, at the two teacups presented. "Apple, has my son come to visit today? Will he be taking tea with me?"

"Mistress has a guest behind her," Apple squeaked.

Ilona turned and brightened at the sight of Katie. "Of course! Kathleen!"

"Katie," Katie repeated, even if it was futile.

"Of course, of course," Ilona murmured, nodding. "Apple, pour the tea for Miss Katie and I. She is my son's betrothed, is she not?" Ilona smiled fondly at Katie, not noticing the way she became so still and pale at the words. "My son has such a beautiful girl. Phineas was always such a ladies' man. Took after my dear husband in that way," Ilona said, gesturing toward a seat on the couch beside her. "Please, do sit down, Miss Katie. We should be acquainted, you and I." Her gaze sharpened, and Katie wanted to shudder at the sight of her expression. It was hungry and demanding and despairing at once. "If you will one day take my place, I will have you run the household correctly."

"I'm not here to take your place," Katie said gently as she sat down.

Ilona grasped Katie's wrist in a tight grip, perfectly manicured nails digging into the underside of her skin. "The Manor needs a Mistress, and every Flint must have an heir."

"Let go of me," Katie told her through grit teeth. When Ilona didn't seem to respond, Katie peeled off her fingers, one at a time, from her wrist. "You are a strange, lonely woman," she muttered under her breath.

Ilona clasped her hands in her lap as if nothing had happened. "Shells are wonderful things," she told Katie with a nod.

"What?"

"Shells are hollow," Ilona continued, nodding. Apple had poured the tea and was patiently standing beside the roaring fire in the parlor. "They are hollow and empty, can't ever be filled up. Nobody can fill the emptiness, and nobody will be there to clean your wounds."

"What are you talking about? Should we call for a Healer?"

"Depending on someone else will bring you nothing but more pain and emptiness and frustration." Ilona looked at Katie with empty eyes. "It doesn't ever help becoming their broken wind up doll. They always leave you in the end. Always."

Katie shivered. "I think I need to go."

"Don't leave. Don't leave the grounds, or they'll take you. They'll take you, spring the trap, they're going to break you both to pieces. Don't be a thing of stitches and twine."

Katie shivered again and stood, ignoring the piping hot tea and the roaring fire. She couldn't shake the chills rolling down her spine at the words from this broken woman. "I need to go now."

Ilona picked up her teacup and sipped at it delicately. "Apple, escort Miss Katie out, will you? I'm sure she has somewhere important to be." Ilona looked up with empty eyes. "It's all right my dear. Don't be sad. Don't be afraid. Don't be afraid to show your fear to the ghosts if you must. We're all hollow here." Her smile was a stretching of lips, her eyes remaining blank and soulless. "It's the price of belonging to the right side, I'm afraid." She turned back to the tea and took a sip. "Marcus will return, you'll see. He's a good boy. He's the only one that's come back."

Katie fled the room and buried herself beneath the covers in Marcus' bed. She was supposed to be brave and strong, and she had promised she was fierce enough to teach the remnants of the DA what to do to get them through the war. Right then, she realized she had been a child playing at being a warrior.

***
***