The Only Girl at the Bully's Party
by SDS

In case you didn't know years ago under a pen-name I wrote "The only boy at the bullies party"... then "Tomboy at bullies party" (these can be found in my archive) ... well this is the third rewrite and tweak I found in an unnamed file 75% done... please enjoy... part 2 will follow shortly. I was quite inspired by the recent topic of underwear and how it would be embarrassing for a modest girl to have to wear sexy adult underwear.
The Only Girl at the Bully's Party - Part 1

My mum had been good friends with Kevin's mother since they both were children. Kevin was a devilish boy and often him and his gang tormented boys and girls alike in our school. I had heard lots of horrible rumors and most of the boys went along with him now. Luckily I had avoided his antics until now.

Anyway, because of our mothers friendship I was forced to go to his birthday party. Kevin was having it at a soft play center of all places which was usually for ages 7-10. However, with his father owning the place they let him have the entire complex for the night despite us all being too old. The soft play gym was perfect for rough housing and boyish games.

Not only this, but he was even allowed to have the party unsupervised with the adults having a drink in the bar attached in the next building over. He portrayed a lovable scamp facade to adults, so they thought him harmless.

My heart dropped as I turned up and realised that none of my friends were there, in fact I was the only girl. The group of fifteen boys including most of his gang and hangers on eyed me up and down whispering as I stood there awkwardly. Their chatter made me feel nervous and suspicious. My mother left to go get drunk with the other parents.

"Oooo what are you doing here, it's supposed to be boys only " laughed one of Kevin's brutish mates, getting a round of laughs from the other boys.

I was a shy, quiet girl, the classic bookworm, complete with frizzy hair and glasses. I felt so out of place with all the boys, both older and younger. I had brought a copy of the latest Harry Potter book with me to read in a quiet corner as I feared I would just be bored the whole night and be left out of their games. Honestly that would have suited me fine and looking back I wish that had been the case...

It turned out Kevin had other plans. "Don't be like that, Becky is our guest of honor, we need her for our game"

I perked up at this, maybe it wouldn't be so bad, it had been years since I had outgrown this type of place. I was even dressed for it in a pair of pink and grey sports leggings. I had worn a long T-shirt over the top however as I was conscious of how the leggings hugged my bottom showing my girly shape.

"Yea, cops and robbers won't be fun without a hostage" laughed another boy clearly in on the plan. Honestly a little make-believe sounded fun I was starting to think.

"Hey Mark" Kevin ordered another boy. "Give me your sister's clothes I asked you to bring" I was confused but soon his meaning became apparent. "Ye here" the younger boy laughed, taking a short, low cut, white party dress out of a bag.

"Perfect, we need some eye candy to make this night interesting" Laughed Kevin holding the dress up towards me.

I stood there shocked, but soon realised he wasn't joking. There was no way I would wear something like that especially with the potential activity of the game I would be constantly flashing the boys.

Mark then pulled out much to my shock, a bright pink pair of thong panties. It turned out his sister was eighteen but very short and skinny so these adult undergarments would be my perfect size. I blushed bright red shaking my head hoping it all a bad joke.

Usually I wore modest full cut knickers, I knew some girls our age had started to get adventurous but not me! The grinning boy then produced a push-up matching bra which would along with the low-cut dress show far too much of my breasts. The boy was shameless in handling his sisters private undergarments holding them up for the giggling boys.

"Go on Becky, be a good little girl for my birthday treat and go put these on for us, you can use the bathroom over there. " Kevin laughed holding up the dress and new underwear towards me.

I had always found confrontation hard, but there was no way I could wear something so revealing. No boy had seen my normal underwear in years, never mind my exposed self in a thong. I stuttered as the boys laughed. "No way!" I complained backing away. "I'll just sit out and read my book" I clutched onto the hardback holding it up like a shield.

"Come on you'll enjoy our game, I'm sure." Kevin laughed grinning eyes mischievous and annoying handsome.

The boys obviously just wanted to perve on me and embarrass me by having me in the short dress and sexy underwear. The play equipment would mean my underwear would be constantly exposed, not to mention any other mean part of the game the boys had planned.

"Oooo we will have to do it the fun way then...we'll have to strip you first and make you wear these better clothes!" he laughed!

I dropped my book, they couldn't be serious, I looked to the exit... too far and blocked by boys. "I'll tell, you'll get in trouble" I threatened desperately.

He just shrugged "Maybe, or maybe they'll belive us when we all have the same story of the little slut who wouldn't stop taking off her clothes and trying to make out with all us ...innocent fun-loving boys just trying to play tag. Either way it'll be too late we'll have already played with you."

I looked at him horrified. He continued forward as I backed away "Last chance go change or..."

I turned and run into the play area. It was like the most terrifying game of chase ever. The boys were laughing and hooting behind me as I ran across the soft mats and up the padded stairs to the higher levels. I didn't know how I would escape but I couldn't bear the thought of boys even seeing me in my own underwear, never mind the revealing pink ones they wanted me to wear. My heart was racing as I climbed a net getting to the top-level. I planned to double back and escape the building.

Most of the boys were a lot taller and faster than me and I quickly found a hand grabbing on the bottom of legs. There was much laughter as I felt them grab my leggings and start to pull them down as I tried to climb over the top of the net.

I could have let go and tried to hold onto the leggins but I realised that the rest of the boys would have been able to easily grab me and drag me down if I did so. It was mortifying but at the time I thought it was the best option as I felt them slip down over my panties. . The sensation was unreal as I felt the tight fabric drag down my legs a sudden chill to my bare skin as I was exposed. Shock flooded through me as the leggings reached my knees, then thighs and then caught around my ankles.

They even took one of my socks with them leaving me with bare legs and one bare foot as they pulled them fully off. I had to even kick them off to stop myself being dragged down with them as the boys tried to pull me down. I pulled myself over the ledge and looked back down to see a couple of the boys laughing holding up my leggings like a trophy. "Got her bottoms!" they shouted in glee.

"Nice panties! Another laughed as I pulled my T-shirt down like a short dress to cover my black and white checked Knickers.

The boys started to climb up the net after me to get a better look, so I turned and ran way. To horror the groups of laughing boys had all split up, and so I quickly had to squeeze through two foam padded rollers which reminded me of a car wash to escape another group. They were toying with me, I was trapped and hearded through the padded playground giving occasional glances of my exposed panties to my tormentors. Each time I blushed bright red at the new exposure or crude comment.

I had to squeeze through two horizontal rollers and let out a squeak of shame as all the boys cheered seeing my knicker clad bottom fully.

"Lovely bottom can't wait to get them panties off" shouted a boy just behind me as I picked myself up from the floor having gone hands and head first through the rollers.

I tried to keep my exposure to a minimum holding my shirt down in the classic embarrassed girl pose but cursed myself for the distraction, the last thing I needed was to be caught and that was just slowing me down.

I found myself trapped having to crawl through a low multicolored tunnel as a few younger lands crouched down behind me to get a great view of my swaying bottom as they pointed laughing. I shook in shame and disbelief as they boys tormented me perving in my private panties.

Up ahead a fat boy was blocking a few paths. There was a slide off to his side that led into the ball pool. A quick glance made me realise this might be a way to escape. I pretended to try to tuck past him one way but instead jumped down the slide legs first.

However he was quicker than I anticipated and I quickly found myself grabbed by the arms in his tight vice grip. The boy was much bigger and stronger than me. I found myself stuck hanging in the tube slide, trying to fight my way out of his grip.

"Quick to the ball pool, I’ve got her" he laughed, shouting down to the other boys who started swarming below us. A few seconds later that felt like an eternity I heard voices below. "Come down little girl, it's time to show us all your panties" I knew it was Kevin's voice.

Right then I longed to be pulled up but instead the boy holding me shifted his grip from my wrists to the sleeves of my modest long sleeve t-shirt and pulled upwards. Gravity did the rest of the work and I found myself sliding stright out of the top.

"No no" i cried trying to stop myself as it pulled up my body my bare body finding little resistance in the plastic tube.

About halfway down the slide I managed to brace myself against the walls of tube in just my black and white panties and my now exposed crop vest. I was dreading getting to the bottom to be almost naked and surrounded by my tormentors, so I managed to stop myself and looked up to see the big boy grinning down.

The fat lad was laughing at me drinking in the sight of my skinny body in just my panties and vest. I felt so trapped right then, shame overwhelmed me as I was giving one boy a great view but almost naked body. The alternative was to fall into a ball pool full of laughing boys that would probably strip me further, so I didnt move. For a while he was content to perve on me seeing his first girl stripped half naked. The hot sweaty confines of the slide had beads of sweat dripping down by back, this was a nightmare. "Please just let me up" I begged the mean boy but his grin just grew.

To my horror he flung himself down the slide colliding with me and dragging me down with him. He grabbed me, his clammy groping hands grabbing around my body. I screamed as I found myself landing in the ball pool surrounded by the rest of the boys.

I tried to hide myself under the balls but was quickly dragged out. The shame was unreal as I tried to cover up as they laughed and stared down at my cute panties.

"If you'd have been a good girl we wouldn't have had to do this." Kevin laughed his eyes went to my undies and vest as I was fully pulled out of the multicolored balls.

"OOO nice panties" he laughed. The other boys quickly joined the taunts as I was dragged out of the ball pool unable to cover my pale skinny body or once private undergarments from their view. They each held an arm away from my body, dragging me along as I wiggled desperate to cover up.

"Let me go, let me go" I cried trying to fight them but unable to stop them. I was a modest shy girl so this was a nightmare for me. My pale face was beat red and my glasses even steamed up from the heat of my blush. I was so helpless and humiliated being dragged around in just my underwear by the group of boys owns age, some even younger, I wanted to cry but didn't dare show myself up anymore.

"This is amazing" laughed a younger boy openly drooling over my exposed body. I tried to keep my legs clamped together but my bottom was in full view, but luckily covered by my full coverage panties. I didn't know where my clothes had gone, and I was bright red as the boys stared at my skinny legs and modest but still embarrassing underwear.

Mark the young excitable lad approached with the dress and underwear from earlier. "Shall we let her get dressed now?" He asked. "Nah, I think we should have a look at her bra first" laughed Kevin.

My heart dropped like a bomb. "What No!" I cried thinking this was the worst thing in the world. I threw myself to the floor narrowly pulling away, I made it only four steps before I was pushed face first into the soft padded ground with a boy sat on my back laughing. My glasses fell from my face my vision now blurry only added to the horror as the laughing boys around me bend down to help. Hands were everywhere, someone pinched my bottom, strong grips pulled my hands away as others started roughly tugged my grey vest upwards exposing more of my back. The tight vest had little to stop its removal as I was almost choked as they uncoordinated forced it over my head. My white bra straps and bare back was fully in show now as the boys all cheered my humiliation.

I sobbed now this was too much, I tried desperately to hold on, grabbing the fabric of the vest as they tried to tug it past my wrists. Someone had their hand across my bottom, openly groping me, I couldn't even kick with somebody else holding my ankles. "Get off" I sobbed.

"Oh my god! She's stripped to her bra and panties!" Laughed one boy standing back admiring the show as the older boys had their fun.

"A real naked girl" laughed another almost stammering in excitement.

My vest didnt last long as it was pulled from my finger tips. My heart was hammering as the boys delighted laughed echoed around me.

"Turn her over lets see her bra and boobies" laughed Kevin eager to take my humiliation to the next level.

I tried to stop them, but I was let go and turned over. My arms free for a moment hugged my chest and I gripped on tight as the boys eagerly pried my arms away forcing then painfully to the side.

My bra was white with a little white ribbon in the center of the cups. The garment was simple, cute and innocent. The boys ogled me non the less. I might as well have been a glamour model for how they started practically drooling over my body. My tits were on the smaller side but that might just be because I didnt stuff like many other girls our age. Still they were an enjoyable site for the boys younger and older like.

"Oooh what lively t.. " Kevin started before my foot caught him right in the privates.

The pained cry he made was satisfying and the shock of the kick had all the boys wincing. I was free, in the confusion I managed to pull free of the boys suddenly loose grip, I jumped to my feet and made a dash away from them in only my bra, panties and one sock. The rush of terrified freedom was unreal as I streaked through the play area barely dressed and blushing red.

I jumped through a section making a run for the ball pool again, I was sure there was an exit on the other side. My freedom was short-lived however as I was tackled knocking the wind from me as a boy literally jumped into me. We fell in a spray of balls, I cried a girly scream of shock and suddenly I was doomed. I tried to get back up, but I was being pulled backwards still buried by the deep balls.

I let out a scream as I felt hands go for my knickers, fingers hooked the waistband, the close contact sending shivers through me body. I tried to hold on for dear life as the fabric stretched from the tugging. I got a sharp pinch to my side and legs for my troubles before. For that split moment I let go, my fingers lost their hold and the elastic zipped away. I cried out as my knickers were dragged over by bottom and kitty, I tried to reach out but got pushed back down as the cotton garments continued down my legs. I tried to cross my legs but even I knew there was no fighting it as my black and white panties slipped all the way off. Luckily I was hidden by the balls as the boy held up my black and white panties like a trophy flag.

I was now in the multicolored pool with only the balls covering my lower half for protection, almost butt naked. The boys didn't bother to restrain me now as they knew I would have to expose my nakedness to them all to escape. They surrounded me anyway, laughing and blocking the possible exits to each side. Balls soon bounced off my head as some of the boys started throwing them at me teasing me chanting as they chanted naked, naked, naked!

The feeling of my naked bottom and privates surrounded and covered only by the balls was unreal. I huddled down covering my bra too trying to get any comfort in this awful situation. Only my head was above now bright red and full of shame as the boys all laughed and laughed at my nudity.

"Give them back" I cried blushing even deeper as a boy examined my knickers closely, i felt violated as he could feel their warm and slight sweat dampness from the awful game. My most private of garments handed around for all to see and feel. It felt so weird to be practically naked and barely concealed.

“Serves you right after that awful kick! So...what does it feel like to be nekkid?” laughed Kevin as I curled up in shame. I didn't speak, I couldn't stop crying now. It was the worst most humiliating feeling in the world. Dread surrounded me how would I ever get out of this situation. The boys had a great laugh for the next few minutes taunting me saying how they couldn't wait to drag me out and strip me all the way naked to see my pussy and tits.

I went cold in ultimate fear at the thought, my privates on show I would die if shame.

“Beg me for some clothes” laughed Kevin and I did, I swallowed what little pride I had.

“Oh please let me have my clothes back” I cried. He just grinned.

"Oh no no, you arn't getting YOUR clothes back. You can wear the clothes we brought for you. So will you wear them or would you rather be butt and boobies naked?" The surrounding boys all got rowdy at this idea.

"I'll wear them!" I cried out, it felt like the alternative was to be stripped naked, no matter how revealing the dress and thong was it couldn't be worse than being naked.

"Take your bra off first and then I'll give you the clothes" Kevin said sternly.

All of the boys grew exited at this idea. Sobbing and with much difficulty to stop myself being exposed I removed by modest bra. My hands were shaky it was like the first day I had worn a bra all over again as I struggled to remove the clasp. Another rush of chill went through my body as my sensitive nipples made contact with the plastic balls. I quickly held up the bra which Kevin took as I covered myself undearnth the ball pit still thinking the boys might just pull me out to see me totally naked.

He seemed to consider it, all the boys stood around looking down at me a mix of amazement, excitement and a lot of horiness. They couldn't belive they had a fully naked girl barely hidden by the balls.

"Now you gotta beg for this sexy thong and this push-up bra" Kevin said a last grinning.

"Oh please let me have the underwear" I cried

"No no, if your too childish to use the words I'll have to keep them, tell me what you want"

"Oh please let me wear the thong and bra" I stuttered. He just shook his head grinning.

"The... the sexy thong and push-up bra" I blushed even more barely able to get the words out

"You want to wear this sexy thong and push-up bra in front of all us boys?" He asked feigning shock..

"Yes" I sobbed.

"No You gotta tell us properly" Kevin continued loving me squirm in shame.

"I... I want to wear the sexy pink thong and push-up bra in front of all you boys" I could barely get the words out, This was awful but it was better than the alternative, every moment I was naked made me feel like I was going to faint.

"But Becky! The bra will show off your lovely boobies and the thong will reveal your bottom will it not?" Kevin said looking around open-mouthed.

"Yes..." I sobbed.

"And you don't care? You want to show off your body like that?" Keven continued his fake shocked voice getting more giggles from the boys.

"Yes..." I said but could see from his grin he wasn't going to just accept yes.

"Oh please give me the sexy pink thong, so I can expose my bottom and please let me have the push up bra to show off my breasts to you boys" I sobbed as all the boys laughed and laugh, whooping in joy and exited mirth.

The shocking pink bra and thong set was thrown towards me and I quickly scrabbled to get them on desperate to finally have something to cover me. Not that it was much better. I was a modest girl and would have usually been embarrassed for the boys to see me in a normal bra and panties, but this new bra and thong was truly awful. I was bright red in shame as the group taunted me more and more. "slut slut slut" they laughed trying to peak at my nudity as I got 'dressed'.

Thong front
Thong back
Bra


