 *Please note that if you have any issues with any of this
content that you
leave immediatley!* 
*Names have been changed!*
*This story is purely fictional*



Husband: James Age: 35 Tall Blue eyes dirty blonde hair
Wife: Samantha: Age: 32 Tall: Blue eyes blonde hair
Son: Matthew: Age: 12 Blue eyes dirty blonde hair
Daughter: Maggie: Age: 8 Blue eye blonde hair


One day I had gotten home from work and I kiss my wife and go to
the bedroom to change when all of a sudden I hear our bedroom
door close.  I whirl around to see that it was my wife.  She
slowly gets undressed and we both get into bed together.  Before
we could even start my daughter barges in and gasps with surprise
at the sight she is seeing.  Then her brother Matthew comes in 
looking for us and is just as dumbfounded as his little sister. 
There was a few moments of awkward silence as our children just 
stared at us underneath the covers.  Finally Maggie broke the
silence and asked "Daddy what are you doing to mommy?".  We
explained to them that we were making love and had to explain to
them how it worked.  Maggie piped up again and asked "What does a
penis look like?".  Samantha and I looked at each other for a
moment and realized that we might as well teach them everything.
I looked at Maggie and asked if she wanted to see what Matthew's
penis looked like.  I then asked Matthew if he wanted to see what
Maggie's vagina looked like.  They both were very curious and 
wanted to know.  Samantha then instructed Maggie to take off all
of her clothes.  Matthew watched in amazement at his sisters
naked body.  He felt his penis grow in his pants which became
very obvious.  Maggie then asked "Daddy what happened to
Matthew's penis?". "Why is it so big?".  I explained that men's
penises get bigger when they are excited.  I then instructed
Matthew to remove his clothing and soon enough all four of us
were naked in our bedroom.  I then removed the covers so that the
kids could see better and instructed them to come over to the
bed.  They watched in amazement as my penis sank and disappeared
into their mother's vagina.  I instructed Matthew to do the same
and my wife and I watched as Matthew sunk his penis into his
little sister's hot tight pussy.  I fucked Samantha faster and
harder until I felt her contracting around my penis.  At that
moment I reached my orgasm and filled my wife's pussy with my hot
semen. Not long after the same thing happened to our children
Matthew and Maggie. Samantha then told me she needed to use the
restroom.  All of a sudden I felt a hot sensation around my
penis.  I realized she had no intentions of using the toilet and
has pissed all over my penis.  Samantha then asked Maggie if she
had to pee.  Maggie replied "Yes mommy I have to pee very
badly.".  Samantha then told Maggie to release her pee.  Maggie
tried to concentrate but the pee wouldn't come out.  Samantha
told Maggie to just imagine that she is on the toilet.  That was
all it took and Maggie was peeing all over his brothers cock. 
Samantha then asked me and Matthew if we needed to pee.  I filled
Samantha with my hot piss and Matthew filled his little sister
Maggie with his hot piss.  I then had a erection again and began
to once again fuck my wife until we both had our orgasms.  
