Tori's Naked Challenge
by Nrlynkdbabe

Hi All,

Nikki here; I know many have wondered about the disappearance of Tony and Carly. I will explain that as best I can and then introduce you to a lovely young woman from Wales named Tori. Let me first start by saying Tony, Carly, Sammy and Tori are all very real people. Carly just packed up and left one day, which really hurt Tony. She had been a virgin and soon after losing her virginity she became almost obsessed with sex and being naked. She felt as though she was invincible when it came to being naked and could go anywhere starkers, she no longer felt scared which to me is a big mistake. When she was left alone one day at Tony's she packed her stuff and drove naked nearly 150 miles back to University. She burned many bridges after that and Tony felt it was best for him to forget Carly and go on with his life. Everyone knew Carly had hurt Tony and a friend of the family named Tori wanted to help Tony over this rough time. They have a great love and respect for each other and it seems Tori tried and really enjoyed being naked in public, something she never expected. Now she seems to be determined to go beyond anything Carly had done. She has asked me to take her naked adventures and write them out for all of you to enjoy. 

Tori wanted to add a few words into this whole adventure.

Hi, just want to say a few things. I have known Tony most of my life, when I could see how messed up he was over Carly I rushed to his 'assistance'. I think I always had a bit of a crush on Tony, anyway please see us as we are; two very close friends spending time together. After the summer we have to go our separate ways, me to study and Tony has his music and his teaching to keep him busy. We will always be close. Sometimes in the future I hope we will have more time together, but for now it's an adventure, and one that we are happy to share with you. Yes, I enjoy being naked in public! And okay, yes I have a 'score' to settle with Carly. So I hope you sit back and enjoy the story of how I plan to do that...hahaha (manic laughter)

Tori is a curvaceous nineteen year old, (I think she resembles the actress Kaley Cuoco Google her) who stands 5'8" measures 36-27-35 and weighs about 135. She has a gorgeous face with an intoxicating smile, beautiful brown eyes and light brown shoulder length hair with blonde highlights. She had a small landing strip that she shaved off just a few days ago in preparation for Tony's birthday party (She wanted a bald pussy so she would be truly naked) which you will read about in the upcoming story. Tori knew of Carly's naked adventures and how much Tony loved escorting her around the small towns in Wales. Tony would never ask Tori to go naked in public because he knew she would do it just to please him. Tori having known Tony for many years knew this and so she mentioned wanting to go naked in public. Tori and I chatted about being naked in public and she made it very clear she wanted to surpass anything Carly had done and make Tony say 'Omigod" once again. The weather was quite cold the day Tony and Tori were going to a nearby town to pick up Sammy and a few of her friends at the train station.

Now you need to understand that Tori had just recently begun playing with being naked in public and never thought she would enjoy it as much as she does. She thought she would take a few short nervous walks, more like streaking and be done. Now she has been naked for seven days and has no plans to get dressed just yet. She is considering using her nudity to raise money for some charities. This story will continue as long as Tori is naked and then follow any adventures she has afterwards.

Tori mentioned to Tony she might like to go ride naked to the train station but Tony was saying she should wait till the weather was warmer. Tori had taken a few short walks naked along the waterfront but nothing really daring. It was almost time to leave for the station and Tori was still thinking.

"Fuck it" she said to Tony let's do this. She took off her shoes, peeled off her clothes and walked out the door to Tony's car. She did insist he cranked the heat up for the ride to the station. She made a play of raising her feet up and wriggling and stuff until Tony said to stop that he's trying to drive. 

"Boring, safe but boring." Tori thought . 

When they arrived at the station Tony told her to wait in the car while he went to the platform, I think she forgot to warn him that she doesn't do what she's told! Tori could see him from the car. When the train pulled to a stop and people were getting off she got out of the car and crossed the street, went through the little gate and there she was full naked on the platform and the girls were walking towards her with amazed looks on their faces. 

Lisa was with them and she ran up to Tori and squealed "You're naked, that's so cool Tori" and suddenly people were looking around. 

Funny instead of getting scared and running for her life she just took Tony's hand and they all went back across to the car. When Tony had opened the back door the girls were putting their things in the car and Lisa threw her jacket in there, and her jumper and then quickly she was naked too, and they all got in the car laughing. On the way back to Tony's they stopped at the garage (a little store that sells alcohol among other things). Tori and Lisa went and did a little naked shopping and then they were back in the car and heading back to Tony's. I later received an e-mail from Tori telling me about her trip to the train station. This is how she described it to me.

A few words from Tori herself about her naked experience at the train station

"It was bloody cold and scary going on the platform, but I was only about fifty feet from the car. People saw me, especially after Lisa cried out "Oh my god Tor you're naked!" right in front of everyone. I had been sneaky and waited until Tony was standing on the platform, and the train was pulling in, and I just walked up to him and slid my hand in his, and he forgot for a minute I was naked I think! Until he turned and looked at me, and yes he said it. 'Omigod.' lol do you say lmao (laugh my arse off) there in the USA?"

After that experience Tori told me she wanted to do so much more public nudity. She wanted to practice for the big one. Tony has admitted he is excited but nervous not knowing what Tori has planned. I have to admit she has impressed me so far and as you read her story I think many others will be impressed by her naked adventures. She has fun, goes all out with each and every adventure and interacts with those she comes in contact with while out and about. She frequently cums before she gets back in the car or she cums once in the car. 

So Tori's quest to outdo Carly continues, she has admitted that she is comfortable with the way she looks but never thought she'd actually be able to be starkers in public - and enjoy it! Friday was an average day in this medium sized town in Wales, not so busy. Tony and Tori went into Tesco ( the food store where Carly was naked a few times) and sat down in the cafe with a cup of coffee. All Tori had on was a light nylon raincoat and casual shoes, so she took off the coat and sat naked drinking her coffee. Tori had decided to case the place just see what it felt like to be naked in there. They finished their coffee and Tony told Tori she should put my coat back on.

"I want to leave it off and stay naked as long as I can." Tori said handing her raincoat to Tony.

She got up out of her seat naked except for her shoes, there were a couple of gasps as people realized she was completely naked. Tori said it was a very cool sensation! She walked out of there naked and they went through a clothing section and then there she was at the top of the escalator (the same one Carly had been on naked) looking down towards the exit - She said it looked like about a mile away! Tori quickly carried on past the escalator and computer section. As they were wandering about Tori noticed there was an elevator to the ground floor, she also realized that it must take you right to the back of the downstairs part of the store. Tony had folded her coat into a tiny size and stuffed it in his pocket as they went back to the elevator and pushed the button. It was empty all the way down, and when they reached the ground floor it was almost deserted, just a few people in the distance. 

Tori thought she would stay naked a bit longer, she was getting excited now. Not exactly horny yet but very excited and wanting to stroll around in there starkers all day and mingle with the shoppers - well in her little fantasy. Tori later told me part of her was very scared. Carly's problem was she forgot to be scared. Tori walked up and down a few aisles with Tony, they encountered a couple of people who quickly looked away. 

One older lady who smiled at Tori and said "Go for it!" 

Tori did just that as she saw the exit she walked right past the checkouts, past at least one open mouthed security guard and kept walking completely naked back to the car. She said she felt fantastic after her first real experience with being naked in public. 

When they got back to the car and climbed in Tori said to Tony "It's your line." 

Tony looked confused for a minute and then realized what she meant so he said "Omigod!'

He told Tori he thought she was brilliant and he had been blown away for a moment. Tori made Tony stop at the garage and she jumped out naked and put fuel in the car and then went in to pay. She made sure to stay in there as long as possible. She kept looking for reasons to stay naked even longer but finally managed to drag herself back out of there and into the car. The girl was still not satisfied, she felt it had not been enough so they stopped to allow naked Tori get some cash from an ATM and when they passed the post office she had Tony stop while she posted a letter. Tony keeps a supply of blank envelopes in the car now just in case lol. So that was Tori's practice. She does want more, a lot more but she will remember to be scared - and sensible too. Besides, she wouldn't put Tony through anything that might make him uncomfortable. 

"I do love him Nikki, it is hard not to love him." Tori wrote at the end of her e-mail to me.

Tori went for some more practice on Sunday but it was a little tamer in some ways. She got naked soon after they left the house and stayed that way until they got back. They walked around the waterfront past the cafe and the park but didn't really get that close to anyone, although it was obvious she was starkers. People did look, but who the hell wouldn't look at a gorgeous naked young woman walking out in public. It was a lovely sunny day today and Tori was loving how good it felt to be naked in the sunshine. Tori is still looking for something big, something to surpass anything Carly had done. I don't know exactly what Tori will end up doing but I know she will have fun doing it. Tony only knows she is practicing being naked for something.

After these naked excursions Tori mentioned Tony's birthday was coming up and she, with the help of Sammy (Tony's eldest daughter) planned a birthday party for him. Tony would prefer a nice quiet birthday at home with his kids and Tori but there was going to be a party for him like it or not. In the end I would have to say he loved it. Tori and Sammy booked a bistro in a small town so the party would be private. They arranged for a big white limo to take Tony and some others to the bistro. Tori was dressed in a short black mini-dress and looked spectacular. She sent Tony off and said she and Sammy would be there shortly. As soon as the limo left Tori went into the bedroom and removed her dress, she wouldn't be needing that anymore tonight. 

Tori had decided she was going to attend the party wearing just her heels and carrying her handbag. She had shaved off the small light brown landing strip and was now going to mingle among a room full of people. Many she didn't know, but she also saw one of her former teachers while she was there naked with her freshly bald pussy for all to see and admire. Tori drove to the bistro naked and barefoot with Sammy in the passenger seat. The drive was a short one, once stopped in the parking lot Tori put on her shoes and locked the car, dropping her keys into her handbag. 

There were one or two people standing at the entrance, they looked around in surprise when they saw the two young women, one naked and the other dressed both looking gorgeous. Sammy looked like a million pounds gorgeous, and Tori looked very naked! As the very naked Tori entered the bar there was a brief silence while everyone tried to work out why a naked girl was joining them and then there was a cheer. Tori said she remembered feeling light headed and warm as she was blushing. She then looked over and saw Tony with a huge smile on his face. That made it all worth while for her.

He went over to Tori put his arms around her and said "Omigod! You are totally amazing!" 

Tori looked at him with those beautiful brown eyes "Happy birthday Darling." and gave him a long kiss and held him for a minute, then asked him for a drink. 

Tori did a lot of things, had food from the buffet, danced a little, lol even tried naked karaoke! She played pool naked and mingled with the guests most of them she didn't know. And there was that moment when Tony standing next to Tori moved his hand down to her lower back and caressed it which made her cum right there! Tori went weak in the knees and her pussy tingled and pulsated as she was in the throes of orgasm. Tori said that was awesome and easily the best part of the night for her. 

Funny, after that she calmed down a lot, and being naked seemed almost boringly normal. But they were there about three hours, Tony did a couple of numbers with the band, and had good fun with it. He hasn't played any gigs for a while so it was a great night for him. When it was time to go home they went out to the white limo, Tori naked and loving it. Today is Saturday, the party was last Saturday and Tori has been naked since she dropped her dress before the party. So she has spent the last week naked from head to toe and has no intention of getting dressed until maybe next week. She has been out and about each day which you will read about as this story continues. 

The day after the party Tori had to retrieve her car from the bistro, Sammy would drive her there and decided to go naked as well. Tori did stay naked all day and will remain that way for a few more days at least. Everyone relaxed and recovered from the party the night before and naked Tori started making plans for the next day, Monday which is Tony's actual birthday.

It's Monday, Tony and Tori managed to get an early start and arrived at the town just before ten in the morning. It was a medium sized farming town in Wales on a Monday morning, so not very many people around. It was a nice sunny day and today Tori wanted to take my advice and go out completely stark naked, what I call proper naked this meant no shoes or jewelry, just naked. I think you feel more naked that way, at least I do. This town was about fifty miles away so Tori would be fifty miles from her clothes. 

Tori was naked, nervous and excited when she stepped out of the car. She kind of wriggled a bit and giggled, and twirled around.

"Do you like my outfit? Tori asked, her bare breasts jiggling as she giggled. 

"I love your choice of undress, love." Tony replied taking in the naked beauty. 

Tony sent her to the pay and display machine to get the parking docket, and stood watching appreciatively as she strolled over stark naked and put her coins in the machine. Ticket in hand she turned and walked back toward Tony and the car. As she did, two or three people in their twenties went over to ask Tori what was going on. Tony always the protector wasn't sure what was happening so he headed towards Tori. When he got there they were wishing Tori luck on her "bet" and saying how brave and sexy she was to be out starkers. 

"Yes, I know!" Tony thought looking at the naked beauty chatting with strangers out in public.

They set off, Tori naked, giggling and wiggling her hips, thoroughly enjoying herself. One thing you need to know is Tori is very exuberant and has loads of fun while out naked. She wiggles, twirls, dances and sometimes just acts silly but she enjoys herself and so do those who get to see her. The parking lot opened into a side street lined with small shops selling antiques, second hand stuff, souvenirs. There is a whole maze of narrow pedestrian streets in this particular town, Tony was quickly lost although Tori seemed to know where she was going. They went in a leather shop where Tori tried on a couple of things she really liked. Tori is also a jokester and loves to tease. She had chosen a few items she liked and decided to purchase.

"Will you be wearing those now?" the saleslady asked 

"Oh no, I only wear clothes to turn my boyfriend on." Tori replied keeping a straight face

"You mean you go naked to turn on your boyfriend over there." The saleslady replied thinking Tori had mixed up what she meant.

"Oh no I only wear clothes on special occasions, I'm almost always naked. Oh and that is not my boyfriend, he's my dad. He's here to help me pick out some things my boyfriend will like." Tori said nearly in tears while trying not to bust out laughing

"Oh my." exclaimed the very stunned saleswoman.

Tony had stepped outside before he burst out laughing. The look on that poor woman's face, trouble was she couldn't decide on what expression to go for so she tried to do several at once. After leaving the leather shop they went in a music shop, sort of standard procedure for Tony being a musician and lately he often seems to have a naked young lady with him. 

Tony says "If I ever make it into the history books, remember to include the naked ladies!"

Many people wrote me after I posted all of the Carly stories and said they found them hard to believe because it seems no one makes a fuss about a hot young girl walking naked. One thing is this all takes place in Wales and as everyone knows Europe is much more accepting of nudity unlike the USA. Tori has taken to explaining her nakedness by proclaiming she is paying off a bet and there was no way she was going to lose. Somehow when people hear that their attitude changes and they become more supportive. 

Not "who the hell does she think she is?" 

Instead it's "What a brave girl, well done, good luck!" 

Politicians call it spin, Tony describes it as headology. They passed a nice quiet looking restaurant and Tony felt a tug on his arm. They stopped and looked through the window but it looked very busy and a bit too risky at least for now. Instead they shared fish and chips sitting on a bench in a small park area. When Tori had finished eating she licked her fingers one by one. Tony told me you just had to be there she made that look very sexy and fixed her gaze on him while she did that) she then decided it was time for the mall. It's a pretty huge mall for the area, two levels of shops, cafes, play areas.

Tori has a different approach to being naked in public, she clearly enjoys doing it, but she is a little shy, and will go from cover to cover where possible. This just adds to the sexy factor, the vulnerable girl who has lost her clothes. Through the mall they went, ducking into shops when they saw security guys in the distance. They finally reached a point where the exit was in sight and Tori took Tony's arm.

"Come on." She said throwing caution to the wind walking naked and not trying to hide. They walked the considerable distance to the exit in full view of passers by, Tori was smiling broadly when they went out through the exit back onto the street. 

"I enjoyed that." she told Tony

The street they came out on was the busiest street in town, quite crowded even on a Monday. Tori had a choice now, go through the crowd, go back the way they had come, or cross the six lane road to get back to the car park. Tony found himself being pulled toward the road, Tori pushed the cross button and waited naked for the light to change. Then they were crossing this wide busy road. Now she felt sexy and Tony thought it was hot. She was in full view of all the traffic headed for the motorway, and no place to hide. Tony could feel she was starting to shake as they sped up. Soon they were back at the car, and very soon the heater was blasting hot air. It was about 7c (44f) outside. The cold only explained part of the reason for the shakes, this little escapade had turned Tori on and she was very noisily cumming in the front of the car before melting into Tony's arms.

The trip back was fairly uneventful, if you ignore the gorgeous naked girl in the passenger seat, Tony couldn't and they had to pull over for a little while. Tori leaned over unzipping Tony's pants and took his hard penis in her mouth moving it up and down until Tony shot his load into her mouth and down her throat. Tony caressed the naked beauty and teased her bald pussy and clit until she was shaking from another orgasm. Once back on the road they stopped and Tori went in a wine shop and bought a bottle for later, all too soon they were back home. Tori says she wants to go for it and see how long she can remain naked, it is still winter which really makes this impressive. There is something else driving Tori to do this, she is very pissed off with Carly. I don't think they ever got on, but after Carly took off suddenly, Tori was there saying forget about her and has made the last few months a brilliant time for both her and Tony.

Today is Saturday and Tori has been naked for a full week in just a few hours with no sign of her getting dressed. She has told her mum she wants to see how long she can stay naked.

"You will need to dress in September for University, won't you?" Her mum said 

Tori left Tony's house naked except for heels and a handbag on Saturday night to surprise Tony at his birthday party. She has remained naked since that evening. You read about everything she did through the Monday after the party and now you will read about this brave, determined beauties amazing week. Monday had been a great day out in a small farming town in Wales. Now it's Tuesday and Tori wanted to do something to niggle Carly but the plan never got off the ground. Carly if you remember had a fetish for plastic, PVC and leather and loved wearing a clear see through raincoat. Tori had thought of wearing a clear plastic raincoat as it was a rainy day, Tony however put an end to that plan.

"You said you wanted to see how long you could stay naked, wearing that coat would be cheating." Tony declared wanting to keep Tori honest and naked.

"Yes darling you are right, even though it's clear it is still considered clothing." Tori said as she laid the coat over a chair.

Tori couldn't argue because Tony was right, so she stepped out into the chilly rain fully naked as she had been for almost three full days now. no clothes, shoes or jewelry. Tori said she had a nice time out naked in the rain but somehow being naked in the rain doesn't attract so much attention. That meant she could get away with walking around outside the cathedral starkers. No she didn't go inside but she did think about it. There are old ruins that date back to about 1100AD, lots of little lanes with old cottages in among the trees, a really lovely pretty place. 

Tony very thoughtfully brought a beach towel along, Tori was glad of it to dry off in the car. She did a little naked grocery shopping, nobody seemed to mind too much about that, but she said the best part is walking naked with her arm through Tony's. She could feel his clothes against her naked skin and it makes her feel even more naked. Tomorrow, Wednesday there is some snow expected, Tori and Tony will be of to the University. Tony has to teach a class and Tori will visit with Sammy and occupy herself while waiting for Tony and yes she is going naked.

When they arrived at University Tori had one of the girls come take her from the Uni to the halls and they had 'elevenses' in the cafeteria. Lisa and Tori were both naked for that which wasn't that unusual because a group of the girls, Sammy included spend a lot of time starkers in halls where they live. Tori looking for more adventure and practice dropped a few hints about taking a walk around the block naked. Before she knew it there she was crossing the parking lot behind the halls and walking naked through the park. 

If anyone asked she would say it is for a bet which seems to work quite well. Tori walked around the block and it was quite busy in places too. One street has a lot of small shops and cafes and at lunchtime you can imagine how busy it was. But, they were obviously students on a prank or a bet or something that students get up to that nobody understands. Anyway Tori made it all the way around and did a couple of the side streets too. She got a few whistles and shouts but nothing terribly unpleasant. Tori told me later what a cool feeling it was and the others followed a few paces behind so she couldn't hide among them. 

Back at the halls Tori went in through the main entrance and it was so busy in there, she never saw anything like it. But everyone was moving in a hurry and had no time to look at the naked girl. Tony eventually caught up with us at the halls and was impressed when he was told what Tori had been getting up to while he was teaching his class. The trip back was anticlimactic after walking around naked in the city, so Tori knew she would need to think of some more ideas. Tony had mentioned maybe she could go naked for charity and Tori really liked that idea. She could be naked to support Tom's work for autism, and it's "Children in Need" in a couple of weeks, kind of like a comedy telethon sort of thing, she knew she could get naked for that - Billy Connolly went naked in Trafalgar Square a couple of years ago. 

Tori told me Tony just had a brilliant idea, she said he's been reading some of your stories I think and he suggested that for a sum of money people could buy a piece of her body to sign their name on with a felt marker, the more sensitive the place the more it will cost. Tori could go around the pubs and clubs naked on the "CIN" night and collect signatures. And the proceeds would go to the Children in Need charity.

Tori sent me a message while she was with the girls waiting for Tony to get done with his class.

Hi Nikki, I keep saying it over and over in my head, I am completely stark naked in a big city, I came here naked and will leave the same way! Awesome feeling! Right now I am in the cafeteria having a 'cuppa' ( cuppa is a cup of tea, coffee whatever) with the girls, and I am not the only naked girl here :( Lisa thought it would be nice to join me. Actually it is nice, and she's a pretty girl too. I am going to wander around as much as I can and enjoy myself while I'm here, perhaps a walk in the park. It's sunny but cold and there is some snow on the ground.

Love Tori

Thursday, Tori will have been naked a full five days later this evening with no sign yet of getting dressed. Today Tony and Tori went to a couple of seaside towns in the south of the county. One has a lot of those little pedestrian streets that Tori just loves to wander although she was always clothed unlike now and the one way system Tony hates most of all anywhere on the entire planet, or so he says. Anyway, Tori bought an ice cream and enjoyed licking that while she made eyes at Tony, they went in many of the shops and chatted to people. Most say it's a good idea but why in the winter?

"Because I'm practicing for the summer is why!" That's what Tori always says.

This one small town is a pretty place to walk around, there's a nice beach and sand dunes. It's was sunny so Tori said it hasn't been too bad, but when you get out of the sun for too long you soon feel the cold. 

"I would still like to have the confidence one day to walk naked without wanting to run and hide. I want to do what wassername did and really go for it." Tori told Tony 

Tony told Tori she might need to take a bus ride totally naked and on her own. Tori said the idea of that is bloody scary but it also makes her really horny. 

Friday- Carly Who? Tori takes a bus ride! 

Before getting to Tori and her naked bus ride Tori wanted to say a few words about what she has done the last six days. Also it should be know that Tori got naked on Saturday evening and as I write this nine days later she is still naked. She has been living at Tony's for a couple of months now. After she began this naked challenge she talked to her mum and told her what she was doing. She went so far as to pack all the clothes she had at Tony's and drove naked to her mum's to leave all the clothes there. She sat starkers and had a cuppa with her mum before driving back to Tony's.

Tori: I just want to set something straight. Public nudity is not normal in the UK although it happens on occasion. There is a well known UK website that videos its girls starkers in many town centres, even in Wales. But it is winter here, even in the summer it would be rare to see nudity away from the beach. But Britain likes it's eccentrics, and I think it's mostly that and the bet thing that gets me through my naked adventures. Today was the first time I have been truly scared about what I planned to do. 

It would be a leap into the unknown, and at the same time an opportunity to show Carly how it should really be done! Carly was sent on a naked trip around town not knowing where she would be sent next. She had her mobile phone and cash in her 'nudie boots' so she was fine if she got in trouble. I would be stark naked. Please take the time to think about that, perhaps put yourself in that situation for a moment, imagine being naked with a handful of pound coins - waiting for a bloody bus!!! I must be crazy! But at the same time this was a chance to do something incredible, huge, and so horny! Well of course it turns me on, you try it!

Tony wanted to add his thoughts on all of this also.

Tony: Tori is a brave young lady for sure, and has earned my respect many times over. This was as she says, a huge thing for her. Tori was not aware through any of her adventure that I had a small 'support team' in place to make things as safe as possible. She was led to believe that she was on her own. The other big thing is that she grew up in this town, she is well known (and well liked) here, and she would be walking completely naked among people who would recognize her. She did very well!

Tony stopped the car by the bus stop at the top of town. Tori was completely stark naked, which means she was barefoot and had no jewelry on either. Tony handed the very nervous Tori some pound coins. 

"There is still time to back out if you think it's too much" Tony said. 

Tori gave him her look, the one that says her mind is made up and she's going to do this. Tori opened the door, breathing hard as she began to step out into the cold sunshine. She stepped out, leaned back in to kiss Tony and then he was gone, and Tori was left naked at the bus stop. It was about 12:45 when Tori stepped out of the car according to the clock on the dashboard. The bus would be there at 12:54, almost ten minutes for Tori to stand naked while trying to look relaxed at the bus stop while bare ass naked and barefoot. The street was busy as it was one of the main roads to the town centre. Cars were passing and tooting their horns, one young guy almost fell off his bike trying to look at the gorgeous naked young woman. 

People were walking by, Tori saw a couple of girls and a guy she had been in school with, and they of course went over to see what the hell a girl they knew was standing naked at a bus stop in winter. Tori said she had done a fairly major streak in school on the last day there but this was way different. They were satisfied with Tori and her bet story, and they like most others loved the idea. One of the girls said she wished she could do what I was doing. Then the bus pulled in and everyone got on, Tori handed the driver a pound coin.

"I'm not sure if you're allowed to do that, Miss." The driver said looking at the very naked young woman standing next to him.

"I'm afraid I don't understand, it's a British pound isn't it? So, 30 pence change isn't it?" Tori said not understanding what he meant.

"I didn't mean that, I meant you're naked Miss" he stammered. 

"Um yes, it's a bet. I'm not going far, don't worry, just the centre of town." 

By now the driver looked incredulous. 

"It's very busy there, are you sure you want to do that?" Seemingly shocked.

"I'll be just fine thanks." She smiled at the driver and headed for a seat before he had time to say anything else. 

The people Tori had been talking to at the bus stop were near the back of the bus, so she had to walk the entire length of the bus to sit by them. By now she had calmed down a little and was totally enjoying herself. People looked on appreciatively as she passed, there were a couple of murmured comments about being brave to take this bet on as Tori just kept smiling all the way. Tori sat next to an older gentleman who glanced at her

"Good morning" he said and smiled as if he hadn't noticed that she was naked. 

He then fixed his eyes on Tori's bald pussy for the entire trip into town.

"Randy old bugger!" Tori thought 

Then it was Tori's stop, they were at the town square. Suddenly doubts began niggling at her again, but she knew it was a bit late to panic now, she had no clothes nearby and had to get off the bus. She would have to cross the busy square and catch the next bus on the opposite side of the square. Yes she was going to take two buses, Carly had only taken one for a short distance although taking any bus naked is an incredible thing to do. Tori's feet touched the cold pavement and she walked around to the pedestrian crossing, then out of the corner of her eye she saw a Police car coming down the street. Tori thought quickly and she ducked into a clothes shop and shut the door behind her. 

"Tori my dear, whatever are you doing?" came a voice from the other side of the shop.

"Oh shit it's Mrs. Rowe my old art teacher!" Tori thought when she recognized the woman.

"Um, hello Mrs. Rowe, um how are you today?" She managed to say through a very dry mouth. 

"I'm very well young Tori, but I would love to hear why you are naked in the middle of town. However did you get here like that?" The woman asked surprised to see one of her former students out in public starkers.

"I um caught a bus actually. It's a bet, and well you know what I'm like!"

"I certainly do, young lady. So do you have some clothes hidden somewhere?" she inquired.

"Actually no, and I have to run or I will miss my next bus, byeee" Then she left the shop. 

She made my way across the square and got to the other side just in time to catch the bus to the bay. Another stunned bus driver, and she had to tell the bet story again then they were on our way through the busy part of town. Tori was now really starting to feel comfortable about being naked in public. She said quite apart from the huge turn on it just feels - nice. It's a good feeling to be stark naked and be able to go so many places naked. 

"Did I hear you say this was a bet? You are very brave, I must say. And very attractive too!" The lady Tori sat next to said 

Tori blushed a little "Well thanks for saying so." I said.

Before she knew it Tori had told the woman about Tony and Carly, everything. She later said It felt so nice sitting naked in a bus and chatting to this nice lady. In fact it had felt so good Tori suddenly realized she had gone past her stop,

"Damn!" she thought as she pulled the buzzer for the bus to stop.

Now she would have to walk all the way back down the hill stark naked to where she had her next task. 

"Bugger! Oh well, I wanted to be naked in public didn't I?" Tori thought As she giggled loving that she would be out naked longer now.

Tony always says "Be careful what you wish for!" Now she knew what he meant by that.

She said goodbye to the lady she'd been chatting with and stepped back out into the cold sunny day. Tori said It looked like miles back to the Tesco store and the garage, in reality it was about two or three hundred yards. That is still a long way when you are naked in town on Friday at lunchtime. It only took a few minute before Tori was approaching the Tesco Express store, it's like a mini version of the store she had gotten naked in the other day. When she got to the store entrance she didn't hesitate, the automatic doors opened and she was in, just like that. 

"Stark naked in Tesco, how cool is this?" Tori thought very proud of herself. 

She found a newspaper and took it up to the counter, guy working there was another old school friend. 

"Unbelievable, that is so cool! " he said when Tori told him about the bet. 

When she told him about the buses he was amazed, and told her any time she got another urge to do some naked shopping to be sure and come back.

She smiled and said, "I will certainly do that!"

Newspaper in hand Tori strolled out of the store and crossed the parking lot. She had to wait for a break in the busy traffic and then made her way naked across the street and entered the waterside park. All I had to do now was to find Tony. She saw him sitting on a bench smiling over at her. She went and sat beside him and gave him a big kiss on his cheek. Then almost without warning it happened, she grabbed Tony and clung on to him as she shuddered and came hard, it was like an explosion! Tori later said It just felt so much better that this was happening on a park bench in broad daylight. 

"God that was good!" She thought as she held tightly onto Tony.

It took a while for her to recover from that as she snuggled against Tony and soon was thinking again.

"So what's next?" she asked him. 

Tori said the look on Tony's face was surprise, he thought she had enough for one day.

He thought for a moment and said "Let's go then!" and headed towards the car. 

Tori admitted she had been getting pretty cold and was glad to be able to warm up. Tom drove them back into the town centre. 

"So what do you think you'd like to try next then?" Tony asked.

Good point, what was there to do? She thought as she looked around for inspiration. It had to be something daring, that she knew. 

"Okay. I've decided what to do." she said, trying to sound calm. 

"What then?" Tony asked. 

"I am going to get out of the car and walk through the middle of town stark naked. Meet you at the other end?" She looked over at Tony and could see he wasn't sold on the idea. "Look I promise I'll be careful. I'll run in a shop if the Police show up, if the worst comes to the worst I'll run for it down one of the alleys - remember I grew up here!" She fixed her gaze on him. "Please, I really want to try this!" She said with pouty lips.

Tony shrugged and said "Just be bloody careful, I don't want to lose you - you're starting to grow on me!" 

Tori smiled at that and said "That is the nicest thing you ever said to me" with a hint of sarcasm in her voice. 

Tori opened the door and Tony started to say something but she silenced him with a kiss on the lips and then shut the door and off went Tony. She was alone and starkers again. Tori set off down the main street smiling she would have to go around a bend and back across the square, cross a busy street and then look out for Tony's car. She makes it sound easy but remember she was completely naked in the town where she grew up and It was Friday lunchtime. She could see the square ahead and made her way towards it. Tori was trying to be a little braver today and not duck behind cars and trees. Somehow walking naked and brave through the centre of town is just the best thing! So fun! That's how she later described it to me. 

Being barefoot too, which I suggested to her.

"You were right Nikki it does make it even better." Tori said later.

Tori later added: Oddly it also added another dimension to the town I grew up in, when you walk barefoot you experience the texture of the ground beneath your feet, your bare skin feels the breeze, it is just an awesome feeling. 

People were turning to watch Tori walk by, a couple of camera phones appeared so she made sure they got a good view of everything but her face. She was enjoying herself, wiggling her spectacular ass as she walked. She could feel the cold air on her pussy and she was beginning to tingle again. Now she could see Tony's car at the other end of the square, so she made her way across the street and walked towards the car. Tori as always wanted to make the most of her last few moments of public nudity so she walked back onto the street and up to Tony's car window. 

She tapped on the glass, he lowered the window and she grabbed his face with both hands and gave him a massive kiss. Then she walked around the car and got in, giving him an even bigger kiss. Tori says it felt good, being naked next to Tony, he had a wool sweater on and it felt nice against her naked skin. She was starting to get horny again so they decided to head home, anyway it was now starting to rain and getting colder out there. She certainly had a full day while naked from head to toe and now she had been totally naked for six full days.

As I write this it is Tuesday, Tori has been naked a full ten days and will stay that way at least until Saturday evening to make it a full fourteen days naked. I for one would like to see her to keep going, what do you think? 

I would like to thank all of you who vote, post comments, send feedback and e-mail me with comments, suggestions and questions. Tori has done some amazing things naked since where I left off in her story and you will get to read all about them. Tori and Tony will read any public comments and I will share any comments sent to me with them. Please vote and let Tori know you appreciate what she is doing and thank her for sharing it with all of you.

Love

Nikki 
