"Ok let's get out of here and back to your place. It's my turn now!" Melissa said, her eyes full of lust.
I was stunned into silence. My head was still swimming, partly from being a little tipsy, partly from the ecstasy I had done earlier in the night and partly from the fact that I had just had the hottest sex of my life with my sister Lilia. I probably should have known that Melissa was just getting started, but the night's events had overloaded my brain; processing any new information seemed impossible.
"Oh, fuck yeah!" Lilia attacked her friend with a kiss, pushing Melissa against the wall as they made out. Their hands ran across each other's bodies in desperate lust.
"Holy shit." I whispered, my jaw hanging slack.
Melissa looked over at me and smiled while my sister kissed her neck.
"Look Lil, we definitely broke your brother."
Lilia giggled and looked up from Lissy's neck. She reached her hand towards me.
"Don't worry, I know how to get him working again."
I took her hand and she pulled me in for a kiss. Her lips were as soft as silk; her tongue hot and wet as she pushed it into my mouth. I moaned into my sister's mouth and moved my hand under her dress cupping her ass.
"As hot as it is to watch you two together, can we get out of here and do this somewhere more comfortable?" Melissa said.
"Yeah, let's go." I said, reluctantly pulling away from Lilia.
We made our way through the building, keeping an eye out for any lingering police. The girls held hands, taking the opportunity to briefly kiss and caress each other whenever we would pause so I could cautiously check hallways and through doors to make sure they were clear. We finally found ourselves outside, the slight chill in the air shocking after the heat of the warehouse. Breathing in the cool June air refreshed me, seeming to enhance my high rather than dull it.
"Best night ever." Melissa whispered.
The three of us smiled at each each other and nodded.
"BEST NIGHT EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!" Lilia screamed.
"Shhhhhhhhhh!!!" I cautioned as Melissa and I laughed.
We stumbled through the street, doing our best to navigate through the city while snuggling close, laughing each time one of us would stumble into the others. We moved slowly, occasionally kissing, constantly caressing each other. The shock of feeling my sister's hands grab my cock through my jeans, or of feeling her hard nipples through her dress, had long since passed. I enjoyed the thrill of feeling the difference between my sister and her friend: Melissa's soft curves and supple breasts, Lilia's toned, athletic body. The air felt electric, charging us up.
After what felt simultaneously like an eternity and a blink of an eye, we were at my car. Lilia, who had just start lightly kissing Melissa, slowly pushed her back against the passenger door of my Cadillac, her kisses getting deeper and deeper.
"You're so fucking sexy." My sister whispered. "I could kiss you all night."
"You better." Melissa responded, moaning as her friend reached one hand under her skirt and the other up under her shirt.
Melissa reached behind her and groped for the passenger door handle, finally getting it open enough for the two of them to tumble in. I walked around to the driver's side and climbed into my seat.
I've never been more thankful to have a front bench seat in my life. Melissa leaned back against me, pulling my sister on top of her as they made out. No porn I've ever seen could compare to the sight of my sister, the perfect girl next door, deeply kissing Melissa, the quintessential alternative vixen. Unable to take my eyes away from them, I sat there and savored the wet sounds of their lips, their soft moans and quick, panting breaths. Lilia pulled away and looked up into my eyes, her hands still working under her writhing friend's skirt.
"Let's go already bro!" Lilia said.
I started the car and pulled out of our spot, my eyes constantly flicking from the road to the sapphic display next to me and back. Lilia had opened Melissa's shirt and bra, exposing her tits. She then began kissing her way down her friends neck and chest until she got to Lissy's nipples.
"Ohhhhhhmmmmmm" Melissa moaned as my sister licked and sucked first one nipple, then the other, using her free hand to play with whichever breast didn't have Lilia's lips on it.
"Your boobs are amazing." Lilia marveled.
Melissa laid her head in my lap, then moved one of her hands from Lilia's hair to my cock, rock hard and clearly visible straining against my jeans. She rubbed and kissed my cock through my pants, moaning occasionally from my sister's attentions. She pulled Lilia's face up to her own to kiss her again, then flipped over onto all fours, turning her head towards my sister.
"You keep doing what you were doing." Melissa said to Lilia, then looked up at me. "You make sure to drive carefully."
She reached down and undid my belt and fly, then pulled out my cock.
"God Lil, why didn't you tell me your brother was packing?" She said and lowered her mouth onto my cock.
I moaned as her hot, wet mouth slid down the length of my shaft, her tongue working as she took more and more of me into her mouth. The tip of my cock bumped briefly against the entrance to her throat before she opened it up and deepthroated me, her lips pressing against my body and her tongue flicking out to lick my balls.
"Oh fuck." I groaned through gritted teeth.
Lissy held my cock all the way down her throat for a second before sliding back up to take a gasping breath.
"I wasn't sure I'd be able to take it all." She panted while stroking my cock.
I looked over at my sister, watching briefly as she worked her fingers in and out of her friends pussy, her dress pulled up and her hand working her own clit and snatch. I suddenly realized that this was the first time I'd seen my sister's pussy, a strange thought since I'd been balls deep in her less than an hour ago.
Melissa plunged her mouth down onto my cock again, holding me as deep into her throat as I could go. I've gotten my fair share of blowjobs before but this one left all the rest in the dust. Melissa was working my cock with her mouth and throat in ways that I didn't think were possible. I felt a stirring in my balls as my orgasm approached.
Melissa pulled off my cock for air again, jerking me off with urgency.
"Oh fuck, Lil, right there. Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't hmmmmmph..." She clamped her lips around the head of my cock, her tongue licking the underside of my cock head while she jerked me off into her mouth.
"Mmmmmh, mmmmmh, mmmmmh, mmmmmh" she moaned, her body spasming as she orgasmed.
"Oh, I'm gonna cum." I groaned.
"Cum in her mouth Jimmy! Let me watch you cum!"
"Fuuuuuck, I'm cumming!" I said
Lissy kept her lips sealed around the tip of my dick as my orgasm exploded out of me, spurt after spurt filling up the dark haired girl's mouth.
"Mmmmm, mmmm, mmmmm" Melissa kept jerking me as I kept cumming, my orgasm seemingly endless, my dick twitching and pulsating in her mouth.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuuuuuuck, that's so good." I moaned.
After cumming what felt like a gallon, my orgasm finally tapered off, Melissa squeezing the last drops out of my cock onto her tongue. She slowly slid her lips off of my cock, being careful not to let any cum drip out. She maneuvered around so she was facing my sister again, leaning in to kiss her. They both moaned as their lips met, Lissy's tongue pushing my cum into Lilia's mouth. A line of cum leaked out of Melissa's mouth, down her chin. Lilia eagerly licked it up, then grasped her friend's face in her hands. My sister moved her face above Melissa's, then let my cum drip out of her mouth onto Lissy's waiting tongue.
Thank God the streets were empty because I was barely able to keep track of where I was driving.
"I can't believe how hot you two are." I said.
Melissa swallowed my load then said "Just wait til we get in bed."
We were nearly at our house. Melissa had leaned back against my sister, who had reached around and was stroking Lissy's tits, neck and face, occasionally kissing her on the neck or lips. Melissa had one hand reached back around my sister's neck and the other lazily playing with her pussy. She had kicked off her shoes and stretched her leg out, her foot in my lap, rubbing against my exposed cock which was slowly getting hard again.
I pulled into our driveway.
"Mom's car isn't here." I said.
"She got switched to night shift for the week." Lilia said.
"And your dad's in Boston? Oh that's perfect," Lissy said, grinning "because I lied earlier: I am a screamer."
We once again arranged our clothes and got out of the car. Melissa took both of our hands and led us down the walkway to our front door. She guided me around so that I could unlock it, pressing her body against my back and reaching around to squeeze my dick. I finally got the door open and we went in.
"Ok, I know we're all super horny, but I really need a drink of water." Lilia said.
"OH MY GOD YES!!! I'M SO THIRSTY!!" Melissa yelled.
Lilia led the way to the kitchen and poured us each a huge glass of water. I hadn't realized how thirsty I was until the water hit my mouth. It felt like a thunderstorm breaking on the desert, refreshing my whole body. The quiet as we took big gulps of our drinks felt like the calm before the storm.
Melissa tilted her glass back too far, spilling water down her chin, neck and chest.
"Shit," she said, laughing "Can you help me clean up this spill Lilia?"
Lilia stepped in close and Melissa put her hand on the back of her head, guiding her friends eager mouth to her chest again. My sister wasted no time, licking and kissing wherever the water had spilled and undoing the buttons of Lissy's shirt. Lissy meanwhile had moved her hand under Lilia's dress, working her fingers into my sister's soaked cunt. Their lips met and they kissed passionately, moaning into each other's mouth as they fondled each other.
Melissa suddenly pulled away, leaving my sister panting.
"Bedroom. Now." She said then grabbed Lilia by her upper arms, spun her around, and gave her a quick smack on the ass. Lilia squealed and and started running down the hall as Lissy grabbed my hand and pulled us both into a run behind my sister.
Lilia ran into my bedroom and jumped on my bed with a squeal, Melissa and I dashing in right after. I spun Melissa around and pushed her onto the bed, collapsing on top of her and pushing my lips into hers as I ground my cock against her pussy. I pinned Lissy's hands above her head with one of mine and started violently pulling off her shirt with my other as she moaned and dry humped against my dick. I got her shirt and bra open and went right for her rock hard nipples. I'd been fantasizing about sucking on Lissy's gorgeous tits for years, now that I had them, it was better than I imagined. I let go of Melissa's hands, working one of my hands under her skirt to her dripping pussy, the other teasing and pinching her other nipple.
"Of fuck, oh yeah." Melissa moaned.
She put her hands on my chest and pushed me up, pulling my shirt up and off, then frantically tearing at my belt and fly. I had my jeans and boxers off in a flash. We didn't even bother taking off Melissa's skirt; I tore her skirt up over her hips and thrust into her pussy, groaning as I buried myself into her.
"Oh yes. fuck me, fuck me, fuck mmmph" Melissa's moans were muffled as my sister lowered face to her friends in a deep kiss, her hands squeezing her curvy friend's tits.
I put every ounce of energy into fucking Lissy, pounding her as hard as I could. The room filled with the sounds of our coupling: our moans, the creak of the bed, the wet slapping sound of my cock drilling into her, the sloshing of my sister's hand working her pussy.
Melissa, panting and moaning, pulled my sisters lips off of hers. She guided my sister to straddle her face, eagerly licking at Lilia's clit. My sister leaned forward, burying her head in my pillow, her dress pulled up giving me a perfect view of her pussy being licked and her tiny, quivering asshole. Unable to resist, I leaned over and started licking Lilia's asshole causing her to yell out.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck, mmmmmmm, yes."
I kept pounding Melissa as we ate out my sister from both ends, our tongues occassionally meeting and flicking against each other.
"This is amazing. Oh my, god, I'm cumming again. Oh fuck, I'm cumming again, oh imcummingimcummingohgodohfuckohhhhhhh." Lilia said, her whole body trembling under our tongues.
Lilia pulled away from our mouths and Melissa said to me "My turn to be on top." She pointed to my sister "You: clothes off NOW."
I pulled out of the dark haired girls pussy with a pop and laid down on the bed, Melissa sliding next to me as we watched my sister stand up and start undressing. I sat mesmerized as my sister slowly stripped out of her clothes, letting them drop to the floor. Despite everything my sister and I had done, seeing her completely naked for the first time was awe inspiring, like watching a Greek goddess disrobe in front of you.
"Oh yeah!! Back in the bed hot stuff!!" Melissa said.
My sister giggled and climbed back in the bed. Melissa faced away from me and then lowered her pussy onto my gleaming, wet cock. She grabbed my sisters hair and pushed her down to lick her clit.
"Make me cum" She commanded.
My sister didn't waste any time, licking her friends pussy with a passion. I could feel her tongue along my shaft as I slid in and out of Lissy's hot cunt. Melissa moved her hands to her own tits and squeezed down on her nipples, hard.
"MMmmmmmm, yes, fuck me, lick me, fuck me, ooooooohhhh"
Despite having cum twice already, I could feel my balls tightening with another orgasm.
"Oh god, oh fuck, oh....don't stop....oh, fucking fuck me....oh Lilia, right there....oh fuck, oh fuck, OH FUCK, OH FUCK, FUUUUUUUUUUUCCKKKK" Melissa screamed so loud it seemed like she would break our windows. She continued slamming down onto my cock throughout her orgasm, shaking and spasming as she screamed and cursed.
"I'm going to cum." I said
"Your sister's your cum dump tonight." Melissa said, and pulled herself off of me. With one hand she grabbed my cock, still slick with her juices. With the other she grabbed my sister's hair and pushed her head onto my staff, forcing her down until she was deep throating me. "Take his cock. Take all of your brother's cock."
I could feel my sister gag around my dick as Melissa forced it down her throat. She pulled my sister up for one, then two gasped breaths before forcing her back down with a gurgled, gagging sound. My dick entered my sister's throat again, her tongue working my shaft and balls.
"I'm cumming" I said.
Melissa pulled my sisters head up just as the first spurt shot out of my cock. My sister kept her lips wrapped around my cockhead, working the tip with her tongue as I filled her mouth with my seed. Melissa gently worked Lilia's head up down my shaft as my orgasm subsided, squeezing out the last couple of drops.
Lilia looked me in the eyes as she opened her mouth and showed me the pool of my cum, her brother's cum, on her tongue, before closing her mouth and swallowing. I collapsed back onto my bed.
"Holy shit. You two are amazing." I panted
"Hell yeah we are!! I need some more water, you two wait here." Melissa said and jumped out of bed, bouncing towards the kitchen. Lilia and I watched as she disappeared down the hallway.
Lilia snuggled up to me, draping her perfect body across mine and nestling her head between my neck and chest.
"You OK?" I said.
"OH yeah. You OK?" She said.
"Surprisingly.....yeah. I figured I'd feel a little weird but...."
"YES!! But it doesn't feel weird at all! I mean, it does feel a little weird, but in a way that kind of makes it hotter right?"
"Yeah. Totally."
My sister had started slowly stroking my chest.
"I mean, when you first went inside me, I knew you were my brother, but it didn't really FEEL like I was fucking my brother, you know? Except that it felt really taboo and SUPER HOT."
Her hands hand started stroking lower down, moving from my chest to my hips. My hand, draped down her back had started slowly stroking to top of her ass.
"It was so hot. You were making me so horny I thought my dick was going to explode. When you put me inside you I couldn't believe that I didn't cum right away."
"I almost came right away too. I mean, feeling Lissy lick me so much was great, but after feeling your cock rubbing against me, I really needed you in me. When you were all the way in..mmmmm.... it felt so perfect."
My sister had moved her hand to my cock, which was now half hard again. Her fingers slowly caressed the shaft up and down as it thickened. My fingers, meanwhile, had found their way to between her legs, stroking from her pussy lips up to her asshole.
"And when you came in me....OH MY GOD....it was the first time a guy has ever cum in me. It felt so incredible."
"I've never felt anything so perfect in my life. It's like your pussy was made for me."
"Mmmmmmm....maybe it was." My sister cooed, her eyes burning into mine, filled with lust again. "I think we need to try again, to find out."
She swung her legs over mind and straddled me, grabbing hold of my now fully hard cock and rubbing against the entrance of her wet pussy.
I held her hips, hesitating for a moment as I looked into her eyes.
"Are you sure we should keep doing this?" I asked
"I've never been more sure of anything." She said, and lowered herself onto my cock.
I was right. My sister's pussy was definitely made for me. I groaned as the feeling of the silky, hot walls of her pussy enveloped my manhood in exquisite pleasure. She leaned forward and kissed me, her kiss filled with the desperation that comes with extreme love and extreme lust, the all consuming desire to force each other to blend into one.
She took her time, working her hips up and down, sliding her pussy all the way to the tip of my cock then back down, grinding her pelvis against me before sliding up again. I have no idea how long we made love like this. Time seemed to disappear, the only thing in the universe was the white hot connection of sexes.
"Oh my God, I can't believe how hot you two are."
Melissa, the whole world really, seemed to appear out of nowhere on the edge of the bed. Lilia stopped her rhythm and turned to look back at her friend, who was sitting with her legs open, her finger slowly stroking her clit.
"Don't stop for me. I'm loving this show!!"
Lilia turned back to me and resumed her motions, thrusting herself up and down with more urgency.
"OH FUCK!" She screamed out, burying her head in my shoulder.
I looked over my sister to see Melissa licking her friend's asshole as I fucked her.
"MMMMMMHHH, YES!!" Lilia cried out again.
"Somebody likes buttstuff..." Melissa called in a singsong voice. She continued eating my sister's ass and plunged two fingers into her own pussy, working them in and out a couple of times to get them slick with her juices. "Let's see, how much you like assplay"
Melissa pulled her face slightly away from Lilia's ass, then started rubbing one of her fingers, lubed with her own slick pussy juices, against her puckered hole.
"MMMMM, MMMM, MMMMMM, MMMMMM" My sister moaned, panting quick breaths through her nose.  
"Ohhhhhhhhhhh." Melissa moaned as she slowly worked her finger into my sister's tight asshole, made even tighter by my cock working in and out of her pussy.
"Oooooooohhhh, Lissy. Ooooooh, fuck."
"I think she likes it." Melissa cooed, grinning her wicked grin.
"Oh shit." I said, feeling Melissa's finger massaging my cock through the thin wall between my sister's ass and pussy.
Melissa, finger still sliding in and out of my sister's ass, worked her way up Lilia's body until her face was right next to Lilia's.
"You like a finger in your ass while your brother fucks you?" Melissa whispered into her ear. Lilia moaned in answer "You want more?"
I couldn't see it, but I felt another finger work its way into my sister's ass while I fucked her. She tilted her head back.
"Yes. Oh god yes."
Lilia started thrusting herself onto my cock harder and harder as Melissa fingered her asshole.
"Oh fuck my ass, fuck my pussy, oh god, fuck me, yes, fuck my ass." Lilia panted, nearly breathless.
"Oh yeah.." Melissa breathed into my sister's ear "Cum for me. Cum while I finger your ass and your brother fucks your pussy. Cum for me. Cum for your brother."
Lilia's pussy clamped down on my cock like a vice, her orgasmic moan stifled by Melissa's mouth meeting hers. Lilia bucked wildly on my cock and her friends fingers, her ass and pussy clenching and trembling. Unbelievably I felt another orgasm coming.
"Fuck, I'm cumming again." I said, my cock spurting more cum into my sister's cunt with barely any warning. "Mmmmmhh, mmmmmmmhh"
This must have put Melissa, who had continued to work her pussy and clit while fingering my sister's ass, over the edge.
"Ahhhhhh, FUCK, OH FUCK, FUCK, MMMMMMH, FUCKING FUCK uh, uh, ooohhhhh."
We collapsed next to each other in a sweaty, sticky, exhausted heap. The air in the room felt humid, and the smell of sex was thick. There was no sound except for our labored breaths.
"We're going to have to do this ALL THE TIME." Lilia said.
I was looking forward to it.