"Hey." Alec heard James's voice, calling him out of the doze. "Wake up, sleepyhead, you'll miss your big day.

Big day? He rubbed his eyes, trying to figure out what James meant. He didn't have big days; he just lay on his back and ... oh.

"Casts coming off?" he mumbled.

"Unless you'd rather stay in them for a few more months."

Alec shoved down the part of himself that said it would be easier if he said yes, easier if he just spent the next months -- or years -- flat on his back. At least then he wouldn't have to decide ... "The sooner the better." Before he changed his mind.

"All right, then." James pulled off his wristwatch and activated the laser. He aimed it at the cast, and held it there for only a moment -- long enough to burn through the outer plaster layer. Then he moved along.

It didn't take him long to burn through the outer layer. Then he brought out a pair of medical shears, and cut through the padding.

Finally, finally, he lifted the casts away. And winced visibly.

Alec felt his face twist, as the smell hit him, as well. "Do I get a shower, too?"

"Oh, definitely," James said, just a bit too hastily. Not that Alec could blame him. Four months without washing ...

While James busied himself with the cast on Alec's arm, Alec took the opportunity to assess his physical condition. He could clearly see the bones of his legs beneath the skin; as far as he could tell, he had no muscle tone whatsoever. New scars, still red against the pallor of his skin.

He tried to raise his leg, and got only a twitch. Pathetic.

James finished pulling the cast off his arm, and set it aside. Then he lowered the gurney halfway to the ground. Now, Alec saw a wheelchair sitting there, draped in a sheet.

"Ready?" James asked, and slipped his arm under Alec's shoulder. Then he lifted him out, and set him in the chair. Wrapped the sheet around him, and put a hand on his shoulder.

"How do you feel?" he asked.

"Fine." He managed a smile. "Ready for a shower."

"I'm sure." James bent down and kissed the side of his neck, sending chills through him. He leaned toward the touch, but James was already moving away, unlocking the brakes on the wheelchair, then standing behind it to push.

Alec took the brief opportunity to look around, as James pushed him through the corridor. There still wasn't much to see -- nothing but painted brick. And then they turned into another room.

James had been living like a monk; there was nothing in the room but a bed and a dresser. Two doors -- one closed, probably a closet; through the other he could see a mirror.

And then James pushed him closer, and he caught a glimpse of himself. He looked like hell; gaunt, eyes sunken, hair hanging lank. He averted his eyes, studied the rest of the room instead. The fixtures, even the toilet, were all stainless steel, utilitarian.

And James, always considerate, had put a chair in the shower.

James set the brakes, and lifted him out of the wheelchair, and set him into the plastic chair in the shower. Immediately, Alec started to slide off the slick plastic -- he was too weak even to sit up without help -- but James was ready for this, too. He had a strap of black webbing; he passed it around Alec's waist and then buckled it to the back of the chair.

"Hmm -- tied to a chair again." He smirked up at James. "Just like old times."

Though he had to fight to stay upright, when James let go of his shoulder. He tensed atrophied muscles to keep himself from folding forward. It was a fight; his stomach muscles had gotten a little work; his back had gotten none at all.

"Are you all right?" James asked.

"Call it isometrics." But he wasn't going to be able to keep it up for long. He half-turned -- sending another scream of bright red pain through his muscles -- different muscles, same burn of pain.

Muscles weak from underuse. Even the slightest movement made him ache like he'd just run a marathon.

He expected James to turn on the water -- but instead, he started to undress.

Of course. Wouldn't want to ruin his suit.

But he couldn't help watching, as James stripped down. His eyes followed James's fingers, as they opened the buttons on his shirt, one after another. Long, graceful fingers that could wrap around his cock, or slide, slicked with lube, into him.

"Are you all right?"

"Fine," Alec said. He managed a smirk. "Just enjoying the striptease."

"Oh, really." James pulled the shirt open and then slid it slowly off his shoulders and let it drop. Alec followed the fall of the billowing fabric with his eyes.

Now, James had his hands on his belt buckle; for a moment, though, he paused. Studied Alec, until he felt like he was under a microscope.

Then he undid his buckle, unbuttoned and unzipped his slacks, and let them fall. He stepped out of his slacks, though he still wore his briefs.

Damn him.

Finally, James turned on the water; to Alec's surprise, it was warm. He closed his eyes, and tilted his head back, enjoyed the sensation.

Then he felt James's hands on his head. Smelled something herbal and soapy-- shampoo, he deduced, when James started to massage his scalp.

He let himself relax into the touch, stopped fighting gravity and let James hold him up instead.

Too soon, the fingers left his scalp. He caught a whiff of soap, then, just before the hands were back, on his neck, this time, and then his shoulders.

"Lean forward."

As if he could do anything differently, once James let him go. He let himself fold forward, while soap-slicked fingers dug into the muscles of his back, finding knots of tension and kneading them away, even as they cleaned him of four months' worth of sweat.

Too soon, though, James finished his back and pulled him upright. Moved in front of him to wash first one arm and then the other.

And then Alec felt James's hand on his cheek. "Keep your eyes closed ... " And again the scent of soap, stronger now, as James washed his face. Both hands now, caressing forehead, cheeks ... lips.

"Yes ... " he whispered, tasting soap.

The hands moved lower, down his chin and his neck. Shoulders, chest, belly ... he felt himself getting hard. He felt James's hand on his hip ...

Alec bit down hard on his lower lip, as James's hand slid sideways, and then he felt James's fingers wrap around his cock.

"Please -- " he gasped.

James ignored him, kept his fingers moving, soapy fingers pushing back his foreskin, swirling around the head of his cock ...

... and then he was gone.

"James. Please."

"Shh. Hot water won't last forever."

Damn James, making it sound so bloody reasonable. But James had already moved on, to his right foot. Then he began to work his way back up. Then the left leg, and then James was moving to unlock the strap that held Alec to the chair. Pulled him forward, out of the chair, and Alec knew what was coming next. He was alert, hyperalert, aware of everything: the water pounding down on his head and back -- it was starting to cool, or was that just the heat inside him? James's skin, and the solid muscle beneath it, radiating warmth. James's fingers, roaming over him, slicked with soap, and then grazing, just lightly, across --

He let out a moan, fumbled with his good hand, managed to grip James's shoulder. "Please."

And then the fingers were back, with more pressure this time, and slicked with soap, and if he just pressed in, just a little ...

He whimpered, tried to twist against James, but he didn't have the strength. He was hard again, how could James do this to him?

And then the fingers went away. Shifted, to hold him, lowered him until he was kneeling. Held him up with one hand, shielded him from the cooling water, while the other moved to his cock.

"I wanted to make it good for you," James whispered. Wanted to lay you on the bed, kiss you all over. Every inch. Touch you, suck you, and when you're ready, I'd fuck you slowly -- thrust into you -- " He pushed his hand up Alec's cock, and he cried out. "I'd only start out slowly, though, I'd only start out gently. As soon as I get you loosened up, I'd roll you over, push you down on the bed and fuck you, harder and harder, faster and faster," hand moving faster now, pumping, leaving Alec gasping and panting, "I'd ride you, Alec, ride you until you're begging me, then wrap my hand around your cock, and -- "

That was as much as Alec could take; his hips jerked, his fingers tightened on James's shoulder, and he cried out as he came. James pulled him up off his knees and just held him as he trembled.

Gradually, the tremors stopped, his breathing slowed back to normal, and Alec came back to himself. He became aware of the fact that the water was now completely cold, just as James reached awkwardly behind himself to turn it off.

"Come on," he said. "Let's get you dried off."

Alec had thought he was weak before; now his body felt positively leaden. He could do nothing to help James as he wrapped him in a towel and lifted him into the chair. He could barely even lift his eyelids. So he just let James rub him down with a towel, then dress him in soft flannel pajamas. He felt his right arm being lifted, and then set in a sling; James pulled him close for a moment to strap the sling around his chest. Then he got him in the wheelchair, and began to push him, one hand on his shoulder to keep him from toppling forward.

They didn't go far; Alec finally got his eyes open, and was surprised to realize that they were still in James's bedroom. And then James was lifting him out of the chair, and lowering him onto the bed.

A real bed. After four months on the gurney, it seemed like unimaginable luxury. James rolled him onto his left side, facing him, and stroked his damp hair back from his cheek. But before Alec could even try to think of something to say, he walked away again.

Alec tried to twist his head to follow him with his eyes, but he was still too weak -- too exhausted. All he could do was lie still and wait.

It seemed like forever, while James puttered around. But finally he felt the mattress shift as James sat down, and then lay flat. And then, like a miracle of old, he felt James roll against his back. Felt James's arm slip around his waist to hold him. James brought his knees up against the backs of Alec's legs, molded himself to Alec, holding him securely.

"There," James whispered, and it was the last thing that Alec heard as he drifted off to sleep; words dissolving until there was nothing left but the comforting sound of James's voice.