THE MEASURE OF MAN

An Epic by Gil Gamesh

Chapter Forty-Five


As for you, Gilgamesh, fill your belly with good things; day and night, night and day, dance and be merry, feast and rejoice. Let your clothes be fresh, bathe yourself in water, cherish the little child that holds your hand, and make your wife happy in your embrace; for this too is the measure of man.

<><><>


CAST OF CHARACTERS:
Kieran Connor Stuart, 43; Siobhan (Kelly) Stuart, 42; Kavan Kelly Stuart, 17; Arial Erin Stuart, 15; Kerry Lee Stuart, 12 1/2

Kathryn Jenssen, 17; Brad Weaver, 17; Leigh Williams, 13

TELLING THE STORY:
Arial Stuart

<><><>

(ARIAL)

Kerry, I answered, if you can wait a while, I promise you something sweet, something youre gonna love because youve never had it before.

What?

Do you like chocolate?

Sure. You know I do, he answered. I ate six Oreos and had two cups of hot chocolate this afternoon.

Then Ive got something youre going to love. Dad too.

I walked across the room to the kitchen area and found the box with the two bottles of Hersheys chocolate syrup. They were still in the paper bag where Id hidden them when we were packing. I brought the bag back to the table, pulled one plastic squeeze bottle out of the sack, and held it up. Kerrys face showed confusion and Brads did too. Dads showed delight and I think Kavan understood too.

What do we do with that? Kerry asked.

I walked around behind where Leigh was sitting on the bench beside Kerry, put my hand on her shoulder, and pulled her back against my legs. I inverted the bottle and very carefully squeezed out one little drop on the nipple of her breast closest to Kerry.

Guess, I said.

He looked up at me with such a big grin I knew hed guessed right. Leigh understood too; she cupped her hand under her little breast and sort of offered it to him. He half-turned on the bench, leaned over, put his mouth on Leighs breast, and closed his eyes. After a few seconds, he pulled back, looked around at everybody, and said, I think Im going to like my dessert.

Somebody told me about a guy who played around with his wife with this stuff just after theyd had their second child, a little girl, I said, careful not to look at the one whod told me.

Who was it? Kathryn asked. Was it anybody we know?

No, we dont really know them, I answered. Shed just nursed the baby girl while her husband and their first child, a little boy, watched. After he put them to bed, he came back in their bedroom with a bottle just like this one.

I noticed that Kieran and Siobhan were whispering to each other. The others were trying not to look at them but they knew who I was talking about.

Are you going to tell us about it, Kavan asked.

Did they have another baby later? Kerry asked.

Yeah, another little boy, I answered, and Kerry grinned even wider.

OK, then tell us what happened! Kavan said.

Well, like I said, shed nursed the little girl and hed put the two kids to bed. Then when he came back in the bedroom, he had a dark-brown plastic bottle. Hersheys Chocolate Syrup. He asked if he could have some chocolate milk. She told him he was a sick puppy. He said he didnt care and if he wanted to put chocolate syrup on her breasts when she was nursing and then suck on them, he didnt see anything wrong with that.

Well, did she let him? Leigh asked, and she was grinning like the others. She knew who we were talking about.

Yeah, she did. He put it on her breasts and licked it off and sucked on her nipples to get the little girls leftovers. Then she put it on his dick and licked it off. They ended up with some good old-fashioned love making.

Damn, that sounds like fun, Kavan said. Id like to do that too.

Yeah, Ill bet you would, Kathryn teased. You just want me to put it on your dick and then lick it off.

I cant believe this, Brad said, like he was skeptical but he was smiling. I know Ill never get used to this Stuart family.

I walked over to where he was sitting on a bench next to Kerry. My breasts were almost even with his face. I put one little drop on each of my nipples while he and Kerry watched.

Dont you two little boys want to play with me? I asked, using my best little-girl voice.

Maybe Brad had some problems playing while everybody watched but that didnt stop him. He leaned over to my right breast and Kerry took the left one. It didnt take them long to lick the chocolate off but they didnt get any milk. I guess they liked it as much as I did; they both just about had hard-ons by the time they finished.

Give me a bottle, Arial, Kavan said. Im going to squirt it all over Kathryn.

You will not, Kavan Stuart, she said. Well, anyway, not all over.

Wait a minute, I said. Thats not the best part. The part I like is what he told her just when they were about to go to sleep.

Well, go ahead and tell it, Princess, Kieran said. I knew it was OK.

He said he didnt care if he was sick or what anybody else called him. He said, when his boy and girl were teens, he was going to get a couple of bottles of Hersheys Chocolate Syrup, and invite them to play with him and his wife, putting chocolate syrup on lots of good places and then licking it off.

That sounds to me like an immature kid with weird fantasies, Kieran said. I dont think hed feel the same way if he had grown up kids with minds of their own.

Ah, Kieran, Kavan said, its not so weird. I already do stuff like that with Kathryn. Ive licked her just about all over. We just havent got around to the chocolate syrup yet.

You guys can do what you want to, Kieran said. I just think I shouldnt do it with anybody but Siobhan.

That surprised me. When Siobhan told me about what had happened when I was a baby, I thought maybe hed really like to do what he said. Now I didnt know what to think.

Come on, Brad, Kavan said. Lets me and you and Kerry drag some foam mats out and put them around the stove. We can play where its warm.

You and Kerry go ahead, Kavan, Brad said. I want to talk to Kieran a little bit.

I looked at him when he said that but his face didnt give anything away except that he wasnt smiling at me. He walked away from the stove toward the other end of the cabin near the doors to the deck and Kieran got up and followed him.

 The rest of us helped Kavan drag some foam mats away from the wall where they were usually stored and then arrange them in a semi-circle around the stove. I tried to keep an eye on Kieran and Brad but I couldnt tell what was going on. They were standing facing each other in front of one of the glass doors to the deck and it made me smile to see two half-hard dicks silhouetted against the bright light shining on the snow outside. I couldnt hear what they were saying but I saw Kieran nod in agreement about something and then put his hand on Brads shoulder. After a while, they walked back to the stove area still talking but both smiling now. Brad had his hand on Kierans shoulder this time and he was doing most of the talking while Kieran was just nodding.

I helped the others arrange the mats around the stove and waited for Brad or Kieran to tell us what theyd been talking about. They didnt seem in a hurry to say anything so I decided to find out what was going on.

I need a pit stop, I said. Come on, Brad; lets go to the bathroom.

From the way he smiled, I think he knew what I wanted. He went with me anyway. I started to go in the womens bathroom, with two commodes, but I decided Id rather go with him. The mens toilet had one commode and one urinal. The commode was in a stall with a plywood door but the urinal just had a plywood partition for privacy on both sides.

Which one do you want? I asked.

It took him a few seconds to figure out what I meant.

Ill let you use the urinal if I can watch you do it, he said with a big grin.

Silly, you know Im joking. I went in the stall and did my business. I could hear him on the other side of the plywood wall doing his.

What were you and Kieran talking about? I asked.

He didnt answer right away but I could hear him still peeing. When he finished he said, I told him I didnt think I wanted anybody but me getting at you below the waist.

That surprised me. He hadnt asked me what I wanted. But I liked the way hed made up his mind without asking anybody else what they wanted to do.

What did he say? I asked, as I left the stall.

I guess he didnt know exactly what I meant; maybe I didnt either. I told him I just didnt want anybody else making a little sperm deposit in you; that when you got pregnant, I wanted it to be my baby.

Nobody in my familys ever done that, Brad, I said. I told you only one other guys ever done that and it was only a few times.

Anyway, he said it was fine with him. He said he understood how I felt because he felt the same way. He said if Siobhan had another baby, he wanted it to be his. He said that stuff you were talking about was because he wanted to raise his kids so theyd never be ashamed of sex and would enjoy it just like he did. He said he already had the only woman he wanted.

He leaned back with his butt against the sink counter and opened his arms to me. I knew what he wanted and it was what I wanted too. I hugged up against him and he wrapped his arms around me with his hands cupping up under my buns.

Wouldnt you like to put some chocolate syrup on Kathryns and Siobhans breasts and lick it off? I asked.

Sure, if Kavan or Kieran dont kill me.

They wont. How about if Kathryn or Siobhan put chocolate on your dick and lick it off?

Sure Id like it but I dont think I want anybody to do it to me.

Why not?

Cause if I do that, the next thing I know, well start swapping around and putting chocolate on somebodys pussy and Kieran and Kavan will be licking it off you. 

I thought you said youd be OK playing around with all of us. Wouldnt you like to get your tongue in Kathryns pussy? Maybe even in Siobhans? We just play around and nobody does anything unless they want to.

Yeah, I thought I would be too. But maybe I dont know if Im ready to do it yet. Ive been thinking about what weve done with Kerry and that bothers me too. I dont know what I want  except for you.

Letting Kerry play with us bothers you? Why?

I dont know, Arial. I like him. Hes a great kid. But I dont want to do anything to hurt him. What if he decides he likes to have sex with guys? I sure as hell didnt like it when that jock called me a fag. How am I going to feel if Kerry grows up to be a queer?

I guess that made me love him even more, to know that he worried about Kerry and didnt want to do anything to hurt him.

Brad, Im not supposed to tell you about what Kerry does, I said, but hes already had sex with women. You cant turn him into a queer.

Damn! At his age? You said women. You mean more than one? Who?

Im not going to tell you. Just think about who you know hes slept with.

He thought for a few seconds and then I guess he knew who I was talking about.

You mean Ms. Lauren? He slept with her the night Kieran Lee was born! You mean they did it too, like we did?

Yes and it wasnt the first time. Now dont ask me any more.

Sheez, Arial, your family really is hard to get used to.

Youve said that, Brad, lots of times. Now come on and lets go play with the others.

He held me tight against him a minute or so longer and I could feel something hot and heavy against my stomach.

You sure you wont mind if I fool around with Kathryn? he whispered in my ear. Maybe even with Siobhan?

No, Brad, I dont mind, I answered. Just as long as my pussys the only one you come in tonight.

He kissed me one more time. It will be.

When we went back to the stove area with the others, I liked what theyd done. Somebody had moved the two antique oak library tables in front of the stove and turned them on their sides. The tables were at an angle to each other and made a sort of wall with the foam mats between them and the stove. Theyd piled pillows against the tables. The doors to the stove were open and the fire was throwing a red glow on everything. Theyd already sprawled out on the mats, paired up, and theyd left us a place next to Kieran and Siobhan, between them and Kerry and Leigh.

Brad, would you turn out the lights? Siobhan asked.

Brad walked around to the different switches and turned out all the lights except the one between the two bathrooms. There was still enough light coming from the bathroom area and from the open stove so I could barely see. It made everything look red and the shadows sort of wiggled as the flames in the stove danced. Brad and I lay down on the mats in the space left for us. Nobody said anything for a while and nobody seemed in a hurry to do anything. It was nice cuddling up and being close in front of the open fire. Finally Kerry broke the silence.

Im hungry, he whined. I want some dessert!

Wait your turn, Squirt, Kathryn said. Youve already had a taste. I think its somebody elses turn.

OK. Who? Kerry asked.

Wheres the syrup? I asked. Ill give somebody else a turn.

Kavan handed me the bottle and I looked around, pretending that I was trying to decide who was next. Id already made up my mind when I was talking to Brad in the bathroom. I crawled over to Siobhan and pushed her down so she was on her back, propped on her elbows. I was very careful squeezing the bottle and managed to leave just one little brown drop on each of her strawberry nipples.

There, I said, one is Kierans and the others Brads.

Brad didnt move. He just looked at me and then Siobhan and then Kieran. I guess he still couldnt believe it was OK for him to do it.

Come on, Brad, Kieran said. You can have your pick.

Brad smiled and crawled over to Siobhan. He chose her right breast and put his mouth on her nipple. Kieran smiled back and then took the left one. They took their time in sucking the chocolate off and Siobhan was smiling too before they finished.

OK, I said, whos next?

Kathryn held out her hand for the bottle and I passed it to her. She made Leigh lean back against the pillows and then very carefully put the syrup on three places  both her breasts and in her navel.

There, she said, half giggling, since Kerrys the only one that gets to fool around with Leigh, that ought to keep him busy for a little while.

We all watched while Kerry got busy. I was still standing, looking down at Kerry and Leigh. Kerrys little butt was red with the fire light and his testicles hung down real low from the heat. 

Siobhan held out her hand for the bottle. She put three drops on Kathryn, in the same places as Leighs.

Thats for Brad and Kieran and Kavan. They can fight over who gets the navel.

They didnt fight. They were all very polite. I got tired of hearing them say after you and I decided to settle it. From the way Kathryn spread her legs, I think she wanted a chocolate drop somewhere else.

Oh, come on, you guys, I said. Brad gets the navel.

Brad didnt hesitate this time and neither did Kavan or Kieran. Siobhan and I watched while Kerry finished with Leigh and the others licked Kathryn clean. Brad might have hand his tongue in Kathryns navel but his hand was on her thigh and I think his finger was almost in her pussy. When Kieran was finished, he took the bottle out of my hand and I knew it was my turn.

OK, Princess, he said, you might as well lay back and enjoy it.

He put two little drops on each of my breasts and then, still on his knees, pretended to be looking around for some other place to put a chocolate drop. Finally, he made up his mind. He pushed my legs apart, used two fingers to hold my pussy lips apart, and put a drop or two right where my clitoris was hidden.

Thats Brads, he said. That is, if he wants it. If he doesnt, Ill take it. Kavan and Ill be tit-men this time if he wants to be the clit-man.

He was looking at Brad when he said it. Brad tried to stare him down without smiling. I didnt know if Brad would do it in front of everybody but I knew he didnt want anybody else to do it either. Finally, he decided.

Its mine, Brad said. It may not be a chocolate-covered cherry but its close enough for me.

I shut my eyes and let the tit-men use their lips and tongue to clean the chocolate off my nipples. Brad was a great clit-man when he licked up all the chocolate there; he was getting to be an expert at finding it. They all took more time than they needed to clean up such a little bit of syrup. I didnt mind.

Im still hungry, I heard Kerry say, so I opened my eyes. He was on his knees between Leighs legs. His dick was rigid and pointed up at a sharp angle. He was holding out his hand for the chocolate syrup bottle. I watched as he put four little drips on Leigh. She even pulled her pussy lips apart for him to put one on her clit. He started cleaning them off with his head between her legs. .

Pass me the bottle, Kieran said. His dick wasnt pointed up quite like Kerrys but it looked ready for something. Kerry threw it to him and almost hit Brad in the head. He put a couple of drops on Siobhans breasts and then stopped. I looked around at Kavan and Brad. Their poor dicks looked just a hard and heavy as Kierans. 

These are for Kavan and me, Kieran said and then waited. And this one is foroh, shit, I forgot, he doesnt want to do anything below the navel except on Arial. He waited a few seconds again and then put a couple of drops right where Siobhans slit began. I guess Ill just have to do it then unless Brad decides he wants to.

Brad looked at me and I couldnt tell whether he wanted to or not or whether he just wanted my permission.

Go ahead, Brad, I said. You guys all have fantasies about stuff like this. You might as well do it with Siobhan and then do it with Kathryn too.

I guess he still couldnt make up his mind what he wanted to do so I gave him a little push. Siobhan was smiling at him and waiting. Kathryn and Leigh were both giggling. I looked at Leigh and saw Kerry lying on his stomach with his face between her legs again. I couldnt see what he was doing but she must have liked it because she was holding onto his head.

Kavan crawled over to where Siobhan was lying. Get out of the way, you guys. Ill do it.

Brad put his hands on Kavans shoulders and stopped him. No you wont, Buddy; its my turn.

Kavan and Kieran waited until Brad got his head down to Siobhans pussy and, from the look on her face, got his tongue going, and then they both leaned over to her breasts. Siobhan had her eyes closed and looked like she was in heaven.

I guess everybody was enjoying playing around with the chocolate. Kathryn put some on me and told Kieran to lick it off my clit and Brad didnt object. Siobhan put some on Kathryns pussy and told Brad to lick it off and he jumped right to it. He checked with me before he put his face between her legs and I nodded my approval. When Kerry and Leigh werent watching the rest of us, Kerry kept putting more chocolate drops on Leigh and cleaning it up. His mouth was smeared all around with the dark chocolate. 

I looked around for the chocolate syrup bottle and saw it lying on the floor. I crawled over and picked it up and waited until Brad and Kerry were finished. When they looked up, I decided it was time to put the chocolate somewhere else.

OK, you guys stand up, I said. In a row.

They did  Kavan, Kerry, Brad, Kieran. I crawled over to Kerry on my knees, held his dick straight down so it was pointing straight out, and anointed the head with one drop.

That ones yours, Leigh, I said. Just wait until were all ready.

She moved in front of Kerry and I moved over a little to Brad. His dick was drooling a little so I pulled it down, straight out, and licked the stuff off. It almost jerked out of my hand but I held it and then put a few drops of chocolate on it in the groove just behind the head.

That ones yours, I waited for a few seconds until I finished, Siobhan. 

She moved over in front of Brad, on her knees, and took his dick in her hand. I waited to see if he was going to run but he didnt. He just kept looking at Kieran like he was asking if it was really OK with him.

Kieran was next. I anointed him just like Id done Brad and then told Kathryn that he was hers. She smiled like she was ready and Kieran looked like he was ready for her too.

Last, I did Kavan, just like the others.

I guess Ill just have to settle for this one since all of you have already got an assignment, I said. Are you all ready?

Everybody was. Kavans big dick was a mouthful but I didnt mind. I just sucked gently on it until I couldnt taste any more chocolate. I looked up and watched Brads face while Siobhan was sucking his dick. He was looking to the right and left and seeing what the others were doing. When he saw me looking up at him, he just shook his head and smiled.

Siobhan took over for the next round. She assigned me to Kieran and Kathryn to Brad. She told Leigh shed have to stick with Kerry and she took a turn with Kavan. I suppose it was Kathryns turn with the chocolate next. I think I got confused and couldnt keep it all straight. I know I did Brads dick so I guess we were all back dancing with the one whod brought us to the party.

 OK, its break time, I said. Lets all enjoy cuddling in front of the fire for a little while.

We paired up again and settled down in front of the fire. Brads dick was standing up over his stomach, but he didnt seem to be in a hurry to do anything with it. I looked around and saw that Kieran and Kavan and Kerry were about the same. Siobhan had her hand on Kierans and was holding it straight up, running one finger around and around on the head. I looked at Brads face and he was watching the same thing I was.

Who do you think has the nicest dick, Arial? I heard Kathryn ask behind me. I looked over and she had her hand on Kavans, doing the same thing that Siobhan was doing.

I dont know, I answered. But I think Brads got the best butt.

Oh? Whats wrong with Kierans? Siobhan asked.

Nothing, I guess, I said. I just like Brads little butt. Kerrys is the most beautiful of these guys but Brads is just perfect for him  tight and little and hard. When hes walking, I like to watch the muscles moving in it.

Well, I think Kavans is pretty darn nice too, Kathryn said. Its just so smooth and nice and theres not a freckle on it.

Id never noticed that. Kavan had freckles on his face, chest, shoulders, and even his legs. As much as Id seen his butt, Id never realized it wasnt freckled too.

I think we ought to make the guys show us their butts, Siobhan said. How can we decide whos got the best butt without inspecting all of them?

It took a couple of minutes of coaxing but we finally got the four of them standing in a row, holding onto the tables, backsides toward us and the stove. I suggested we had to feel them and not just decide by looking. The guys stood still in spite of our silly giggling and feeling them. We even talked Leigh into taking her turn in feeling the other guys buns, not just Kerrys. 

When we let them lay back down, all of us girls argued the merits of their butts but we couldnt reach any conclusion except that we liked all of them. I guess Kerry got bored waiting for us to decide.

He shut his eyes and then yawned so big I could see every one of his teeth. Then he stretched out with his long arms and legs all over the place. When he was through, he opened his eyes and saw us watching him.

What? he said. Im about ready to go to sleep. He wrapped his hand around his dick and pointed it straight up. If somebody will just help me get rid of this, maybe Leigh and I could stuff ourselves in a sleeping bag.

Well, I want to make a deposit in a sperm bank before I got to sleep, Kavan said. Any volunteers to help me?

Me too, Brad said. I hope Arial will let me make a little night deposit.

What do you all want to do? Kieran said. Are we all ready to get in our sleeping bags now?

Its still too warm to get in sleeping bags, Kavan said. Lets just spread them out on the mats and then do it on top. Kerry and Leigh can watch us. Leigh can give Kerry a hand.

Kavan, thats not fair to Kerry, Kathryn said. Theres one thing he cant do with Leigh and it wouldnt be polite to make him watch all the rest of us doing it.

Well, you can let him do it with you, Kavan said. The rest of us can watch. Leigh needs to see how its done.

I didnt know what to say. I couldnt believe Kavan had suggested that Kathryn let Kerry do it with her first. I knew he had been jealous and possessive of her since Christmas and I didnt want anybody doing anything to cause them to start arguing again. I guess my face showed what I was thinking. Siobhans and Leighs did too. Maybe Kavan saw the looks on our faces.

Shit, dont look at me like that, Kavan said. Hes my little brother and I love him too. I dont see what itd hurt if Kathryn wants to do it.

Kathryn didnt say anything. She just lay there with her mouth open, looking at Kavan.

I dont think you ought to ask Kathryn to do that, Kavan, Kieran said. Maybe the rest of us ought to go in the bedrooms where its private and Kerry and Leigh can do what they want to. He knows how far he can go with her.

Oh, fuck, Da.., Kieran, Kavan said. Kerrys already done it with her once and so have you. I know youve said youre not going to do it with her again but I think Kathryn would enjoy it if Kerry and I both got at her.

Kathryn was still quiet, just looking around at everybody else, but she was smiling and I didnt think she was mad at Kavan for suggesting it. Brads mouth was hanging open, like he couldnt believe what hed heard.

Are you sure, Sweetie? Kathryn asked Kavan. Want me to show Kerry and Leigh how I get to Banbury Cross? Kerry first, you second?

Yeah, do that, he answered. Kerryll like it.

Whats Banbury Cross? Leigh asked. You mean like the nursery rhyme? 

Kavan thinks its funny. I told him it made me think of that nursery rhyme when we did it, Kathryn said.

What nursery rhyme? Kerry asked. I dont know what youre talking about.

Kathryn told us: Ride a cock horse to Banbury Cross, To see a fine lady upon a white horse. Rings on her fingers and bells on her toes, She shall have music wherever she goes.

Yeah, thats the way she said it at first and then she changed the first line, Kavan said. She swapped it around so it was Ride a horse cock

Kathryn giggled. Well, his dick is kind of big, you know.

I guess Kathryn did want to do it. She got Kerry to lay down on his back with his head and shoulders propped on pillows against the table. Leigh was watching and, when she looked at me, I patted the mat next to me and she crawled over and sprawled out next to me. 

When I looked up, Kathryn was standing astride Kerrys legs. He had that big Kerry grin on his face and I guess he knew what was going to happen. Kathryn got down on her knees, still straddling him, reached under and held his dick straight up, then slowly slid down until her pubic hair covered up Kerrys little curls. I looked at Kerrys face and his grin was even bigger, if that was possible. He brought his arms around, put his hands behind his head, gave a couple of deep signs, and shut his eyes.

I watched Kathryn as she began to move, up and down, just slow and easy, with a little pelvic twist when she slid down on Kerrys dick. I knew what she was doing. Id learned to do the same thing on Brads dick so my clit would rub against the base of his cock. It almost always worked for me.

Stand up, Kavan, Kathryn said. Kavan stood and moved over beside her. Kathryn grabbed his dick and pulled him closer and then leaned over and opened her mouth. He shuffled up a step or two closer and she took the head of his dick in her mouth. She sucked for a few seconds and then started moving on Kerry again. 

After a few minutes she stopped and looked at me and then at Brad.

Come here, Brad, she said, looking straight at me.

Brad turned and looked at me. I didnt see why he needed my permission but I gave it anyway.

Go ahead, Brad, I said. Just save you know what for me.

Brad moved over opposite Kavan and I watched while Kathryn alternated between moving up and down on Kerry, holding a big dick in each hand, and then sucking Brad and Kavan. I looked over at Kieran and Siobhan and they were both watching too, both with big smiles on their faces. Siobhan had her hand wrapped around Kierans dick and was slowly jacking him.

When I looked back, I could tell something was happening to Kerry and I knew what it was. Hed reached down and wrapped his hands around Kathryns butt and every muscle in his legs and stomach was taut. From the look on his face and on Kathryns, I guess she was getting her first deposit.

Damn, I cant take any more, Brad said.

He looked around at me and I grabbed his hand and pulled him down on the mat next to me. Leigh squirmed out of the way and I pushed him down on his back next to Kerry. Brad started grinning too and I guess he knew he was going to get the same thing Kerry had gotten. It took me only a few seconds to straddle him, get down on my knees, and then hold his dick up while I sat down on it. I sat there for a few seconds just enjoying the feeling of being filled by his big dick. 

I heard a noise beside me and opened my eyes. Kieran was on his back beside Brad and Siobhan was just getting down on her knees on top of him. She reached out and put one hand on my shoulder to keep her balance and then settled down with the other hand underneath. I knew where Kierans big dick was going. He had the same silly grin on his face that Kerry and Brad had.

I heard a noise on the other side and looked in that direction. Kerry had moved over next to Leigh again, cuddling with her, and Kavan had taken his place. Kathryn was just getting settled down on him, just like Siobhan and me. I looked back at Kieran, still grinning, then Brad, grinning just as much, and then at Kavan, another big grin. I didnt care. Let them grin. I was doing what I wanted to and so I shut my eyes and started back to the same movements on Brads dick, riding a horse cock.

It didnt take that long. Id been wanting his dick in me all day. I just did it slowly and gently, up, down, slide forward so I rubbed against him the way I wanted to. It started like little twinges inside me and then grew into a series of squeezes so strong I had to sit still on Brad until it stopped.

When it did, he pulled me forward on him, wrapped his arms around me, and I knew what he wanted to do. I rolled with him until he was on top of me and then wrapped my arms and legs around him. He brought his face down to mine and I opened my mouth to him and he started sliding his dick out and then back in until I could feel it hit bottom somewhere inside me. Maybe hed been wanting something all day as much as I had. It didnt take him that long either. He shoved it in one last time and I could feel him erupting inside me. He dropped his head down beside mine and I could hear his breath rasping in and out and feel his heart pounding just like mine.

When I finally opened my eyes again, I looked to one side and saw Kieran and Siobhan. She was still on top of him but he was holding her by the hips so she was raised up a little and she wasnt moving. He was thrusting upward into her and I knew he was close from the look on his face. I looked to the other side and saw Kavan on top of Kathryn. He had her bent almost in half and was shoving his big dick in so hard she grunted every time. From the look on his face, I knew he was close too. Beyond them, I saw Kerry and Leigh cuddled together, watching everybody else. Kerrys dick was hard again and Leigh had her hand on it and was slowly jacking it. I shut my eyes and listened to the sounds on both sides of me and Brad and waited for them to finish.  


TO BE CONTINUED:
