Elizabeth woke when Ronon got up, feeling the sudden chill; the blanket he covered her with was no match for the furnace of his body. Her eyes opened in confusion at the change and met John's, mere inches away. She gasped in surprise before her brain kicked in and reminded her of where she was, and then she chuckled at her reaction, glad to see him grin softly in return.

"Sorry he woke you, bad soldier's habits to be up so early."

His voice was still raspy with sleep and Elizabeth, assimilating her memories and the sensations of his body tight against hers wondered how hard waking up alone was going to be tomorrow. Her leg was over his hip, her hand buried in the hair at the back of his head; his hand absently kneading her ass and his half-aroused penis lodged between her thighs. Yes, tomorrow was going to be very lonely and cold, she thought sadly.

"Elizabeth?" She'd been focused on her senses too long and realized he was starting to worry at her silence, "We okay?"

Focusing on the closeness they'd fallen into last night and still too sleepy to start back to their status quo yet, she smiled and closed the distance between them, intending just a quick kiss of reassurance. But she'd forgotten how good it felt, and once he ran is tongue over her lip, she forgot about 'quick' and instead lost track of time as they lay there in the predawn light and French kissed lazily.

####

Ronon stopped in the bathroom door, rolling his eyes with affectionate exasperation. *How* had they managed to keep their hands off each other for so long? Hey, maybe he could use the fact that this finally got them together to get the water he was in with Teyla a little less hot. He'd realized a long time ago that her tough exterior hid the heart of a matchmaker and a romantic; she would love for the leaders of Atlantis to finally get some ease with each other...

Shaking his head at the fact that they hadn't so much as twitched from their deep kiss, Ronon fought off the automatic instinct to leave them alone and instead walked up to the bed and slapped his military commander on his exposed ass, "Quit being greedy, old man; let the lady have a break," he looked at Dr. Weir, "Bath ready, Doc."

Elizabeth laughed at the growl John made as he glared over his shoulder. When he turned back to pout at her like a wounded two-year-old, she kissed his forehead before getting out of his not-*quite*-resisting arms, ignoring her own wish to hide under the covers and go back to kissing and cuddling.

Crawling out of bed was a little slow as she moved gingerly, definitely feeling the sorer for last night's activities, though she tried to keep the two men from noticing. Whether they reacted with guilt or machismo, she didn't need to deal with it today. She wanted to get the last of the negotiations done *before* nightfall and *without* incident.

As she passed him, she got on tiptoe to kiss Ronon's cheek, her hand on his chest for balance, not even noticing his bare skin under her palm. "Thank you, Ronon."

He watched her walk to the bathroom, trying to avoid staring at her ass even as he was glad to see her smiling. The woman worked far too hard with not nearly enough reward. He turned back to the bed, hoping that that might change after today, he was pretty tired himself of watching their jerky 'courtship'. These 'Earthlings' were crazy.

John also watched Elizabeth walk away from him, trying to stomp down the urge to punch the man who'd not only interrupted them but had deserved himself a kiss. He rolled his eyes at himself as she closed the door; yeah, so much for keeping this fun and casual. Laying on his back, he put his hands under his head; there was nothing to do but daydream until she was done and he could have his turn at the water. He was just starting to lose himself in the memory of that kiss when he was reminded of the other person in the room by Ronon's grunt, "Show off."

He opened his eyes and turned to the man in surprise. It took following his gaze to John's position on the bed -flat on his back.. and still aroused- to realize what the words meant and start to laugh. Hey, they'd saved Atlantis and he'd gotten to kiss the woman he loved... the small incidental details didn't matter; he was feeling *good*. And if he somehow showed up his all too impressive teammate for once, well, yay!

####

Elizabeth was beyond glad to watch the papers with their new treaty being copied. Though it had only taken four hours, she was sore enough that sitting still and keeping a stoic face was getting to be a strain. That wonderful hot bath this morning was too long ago; she could only pray that the power modules she'd just acquired would be enough to get water flowing freely in her own bathroom soon. Tonight seemed too much to ask for but- She refocused quickly as her new ally spoke in the intergalactic idle tone of smalltalk.

"I was surprised to observe which of your guards is the alpha, Dr. Weir of Atlantis."

Elizabeth blinked, feeling as though her face had caught on fire but knowing it wasn't really and making sure to choke any *further* reaction under a practised cloak. If her voice was a little acerb, well, the idea that this person had stared at her image as she made lo- *had sex*, and *analyzed* her, *their*, behaviour.. was just a *little* hard to take in stride, "Were you? He's earned the position many times over and I've never regretted my choice, Lady of Roklyx."

"Indeed. We may have to consider this notion that brains can be worth more than brawn."

"Indeed." And if John ever heard of this conversation... Her reach for the pen to sign the paper being handed to her *was* calm.. but it was a near thing.

####

The palace had come to seem safe, in and of itself, so they let Ronon accompany the clerk to get their modules out of storage. The anticlimax of simply showing up at a military supply counter and requisitioning their saving grace as though it was a pair of replacement underwear left Elizabeth lost in thought as she stared absently at Ronon walking away from her and John.

"I owe Teyla an apology," As John watched, a discomfited look crossed her face, "Though I'm damned if I know how..."

He wondered how Teyla would react to knowing she'd been so obvious in her feelings, and he understood Elizabeth's worry. Not having any particular idea of his own, he tried to reorient her thoughts, "What if it was the other way around?" The way Elizabeth's eyes suddenly snapped to him made his heart lift, knowing that the way he felt wasn't one-sided. He grinned gently, ignoring the little dance he was doing in the privacy of his own mind at this repayment of the painful jealousy he'd felt last night, "Would you want her to apologize?"

Elizabeth took a breath, trying to breathe out the moment of possessive fury and put it to the use he'd correctly foreseen, "No. *She*'s not the one who would have to make it up to me."

The firm look she was giving him made John's brows jerk up and his head tilt with slow understanding. Uh; good to know. Not that he ever intended to *need* to know *that*.. but still, if they were going to have a relationship, he'd need every scrap of information about Elizabeth-the-woman that he could get.

####

"Hey Ronon!"

The Runner turned at the call from his leader, hurrying down the -finally brightly-lit- hall of Atlantis toward him, "Yeah?"

He watched the older man fumble for words for a second, ending with a frustrated look and his hand behind his head, mumbling as he kept watch to make sure no one approached them, "..In the course of conversation.. Elizabeth let drop that *we*'re the ones who have to do the apologizing here.. just thought you might want to know."

He gave the man a measuring look before nodding thoughtfully, "Yeah. Kinda figured." *That* much seemed a universal female trait; men are always at fault.

####

It took a full day for Rodney to get the new power interfaced to Atlantis and the systems all adjusted to work peacefully in their new energy matrix. Finally crawling into a steaming bath, Elizabeth was willing to forgive him for every rant and whine, simply for the pleasure of finally warming her sore body. She was beginning to think she'd really gone too long without sex; it was ridiculous to take so long to recover! They hadn't even done anything *that* strenuous.

Between getting up to speed on what had happened in the city while they'd been away and then following up on the slow installation of power, Elizabeth had avoided the more private conversation she needed to have with Teyla, right up until this evening. After Rodney had reported to everyone that Atlantis was back up and running; shield, fresh water and all, everyone had hurried out, no doubt for showers of their own. She'd caught Teyla's eye and the Athosian had wordlessly stayed behind until they were alone.

Mindful of her own conclusion while talking to John, she hadn't tried to explain or excuse. "I'm sorry, Teyla. I *really* wish it could have all gone down differently-" She'd cut off at the other woman's raised hand, reassured at the smile, however forced, that she was giving her.

"I understand, Elizabeth. I completely agree that it was the only logical choice. You do not owe me an explanation." Though she didn't deny the reason for the apology. "It could not have been easy for you, either."

Thrown back to that moment when she'd frozen and John had almost attacked, Elizabeth had grinned wryly, *able* to smile about it now that they were safely home, "No, not easy."

They'd looked at each other with sardonic understanding of both their messed up personal lives before parting ways.

Now, as the lavender-scented water soaked into her tense body, Elizabeth found herself thinking of a different moment. Sated and staring at her lover; and daydreaming. Captain Neil and her team seemed to have taken the order to be silent about their mission to heart, or at least Elizabeth hadn't caught any smirks or sidelong looks indicating that people knew what they'd been required to get up to on that planet. Which left her with the choice of what to include in her report. She couldn't very well lie; if anyone else ever needed to deal with Roklyx, they needed to be aware. She sighed, again circling back to John. If she was going to have to report that she'd slept with him -to save Atlantis!-.. could the damned IOA really make a fuss about her having a relationship with him?

It was a rhetorical question, knowing very well that, yes, of course they could. The real question was whether they'd leave her in charge of Atlantis, leave him as her military commander, when they found out about even just the mission. Considering some of the innuendo she'd already had to fend off, she suspected they would simply take this as proof they'd already been together and grab the excuse to make as much trouble as they could.

So the question was, did she want to stand and fight over having done her duty and then gone back to her lonely life.. or did she want to claim the chance at something more. She rather thought that the considering looks John had been shooting her since they'd returned was an indication of plans being made; of wishes he wasn't willing to ignore anymore.

If he was willing to take the risk, she was at the point that she'd had enough. Too many hints and rumours that the forces-that-be were ready to take her down at any time; and she didn't particularly think that whatever was happening on Earth would change any of that. The memory of the contentment on John's face as they'd caught their breath was the final straw: Elizabeth stood in the slowly cooling water, decision made, her stubborn will reoriented to a new life path.

####

Ronon knelt on one knee, thinking of the strange paths life took to lead you to the future. One arm extended straight out before his bowed head, holding his phaser perfectly still by the barrel, parallel to the ground, he spoke solemnly, from his soul, "My arms and weapons, yours to command. My heart and loyalty, bound to you."

The words were not of *his* past.

They were from the ways of the people of the woman who had finally invited him to *evening* tea and now stood before him, deciding which path he would be travelling from here.