Title: Teaching Heather, 1 of x
Author: DeVon (holmes.john24@yahoo.com)
Summary: A teen loses her virginity to her friend's older brother, who she has a secret crush on
Keywords: MF, first, rom, 
Here's one from the past....twenty years goes by so fast!
DeVon


I first met Heather when she was 12.  We were in Leo club together.  She was just skinny little short kid then, nothing like the beautiful young lady she would later become.  We were friends, but nothing particularly more.  I was 15 then, and Leo club got boring after I got my license, and I left it, and Heather, behind.

Fast forward three years, and my little sister, who's now 12, keeps talking about her friend Heather, who's in the grade ahead of her, but a couple of years older.  I didn't think anything of it, probably just another kid.  Then one afternoon I came home to Mom telling me, "Sis's friend Heather is spending the night."  
"Great", I thought, "another kid to put up with."  Then in walked this HOT girl!  As I was thinking she looked familiar, she grinned that devilish smile of hers and ran over to give me a big hug.  Only then did I connect her with the short little kid from Leo's.  Heather had obviously grown up quite a lot in the last couple of years.  She was a good foot taller now, and all of it seemed to have came from her legs, which made a perfect ass of themselves!  Her breasts were nicely sized, just enough to accent her frame.

Over the next few months Heather and my sister spent more and more time together, and I began to notice her smiling and watching me more and more as well.  I began to realize she had a crush on me.  At first I thought it was cute, but then began to see her less as a little kid and more as a possible girlfriend.  She was 3 years younger than me, but at our ages it didn't seem to matter much.  I began to hang out more with the girls, taking them to the movies, the mall, and other places they might want to go.  My little sister thought it was great, as she got to run and go, and Mom trusted me to watch after her and Heather.

One fateful night in August, Heather was spending the night again.  She and I and my sister ended up watching movies in our living room until late into the night.  I dozed on the floor for a while, and woke to find Heather lying next to me, watching the current movie.  "Top Gun" again, I think it was.  They LOVED Tom Cruise back then.
My sister was asleep on the couch, and Heather and I were quietly talking and flirting with each other.  As we heard soft snoring from the couch, I leaned forward and gently kissed her.  Heather's soft lips met my kiss, and returned it, ever so softly.  We lay there and kissed for quite some time, simply making out and not really doing more.  Eventually I allowed one hand to slowly begin to migrate from her waist, where it had been resting, to slowly caress her side, moving closer to her breast.  I could feel her breathing speed up as I did so.

I kept kissing her as I gently cupped her breast in my hand, feeling her gasp as I did so.  Her responses were eager, yet reserved.  I sensed it was more that she didn't really know what to do, rather than any reluctance.  I slowly explored her body with one hand, but carefully avoided directly contacting her center.  At one point, as my hand softly caressed from her knee up the outside of her thigh, I paused and broke our kiss, pulling back a bit.  As she looked at me with a somewhat puzzled look, I quietly asked her, "Are you sure you want to go ahead with this?"

"Yes!", she responded immediately.  "Let's move, then" I told her.  She nodded as I slipped one hand under her knees, and the other behind her shoulders and then picked her up.  She wrapped her arms around my neck and laid her head against my chest.  Still holding Heather in my arms, I stood and quietly walked to the front door, managing to open it with the hand under her legs, and slip out into the warm summer air.  Heather pulled the door closed behind us, ever so slowly to keep from waking up my sister.  

I walked to the side of the porch, out from in front of the door, and slowly knelt, and then lowered Heather to the smooth boards of the porch deck.  She had a look of love and admiration on her face as I leaned in and kissed her again, resuming my exploration of her body with my hands.  

Heather was wearing a short pink one-piece jumper, and now I reached for the knot where it was tied behind her neck.  She leaned forward a bit, giving me room to untie it.  As I pulled the two pieces of string apart, I tugged gently on them, pulling the top of her jumper down to her waist, exposing her delicious young breasts to the night air.  I kissed her again as I caressed her breasts with my right hand, enjoying my exploration of her body.  After a bit I broke the kiss again and sat up some, tugging on the sides of her jumper.  She lifted her bottom off the deck and allowed me to pull the jumper down her legs and off.  I laid it carefully to one side and then turned my attentiion back to Heather's luscious body.

As I resumed my caresses, I slowly worked toward her soft, secret center, passing over her downy hair and finding her slit already moist.  As my fingers caressed her outer lips, I continued to kiss her, slowly exploring her mouth with my tongue at the same time as my fingers explored her ever wettening pussy.   I had removed my shirt earlier, and now felt her fingers on my pants, tugging at the button of my jeans.  Using both hands, she got the button free and pulled the zipper down.  I felt her small, warm hand slip inside the waistband of my briefs and then her fingers wrapped around my hard cock.  We continued like that for a few minutes, until she tugged softly on my jeans.  I paused my attention to her body long enough to remove my jeans and briefs, then lay next to her, both of us now naked.  She reached and gently wrapped her fingers on my cock again.  

As I leaned forward, I paused and asked her again if she was sure, and reminded her that there was still time to reconsider.  "I'm sure I want this" she responded.  With that I rolled toward her, covering her body with mine as my hips settled between her legs.  She parted her thighs for me, raising her knees and putting her feet on the back of my knees.  I could feel her excitement as I paused there a moment, kissing her gently before reaching down and guiding my cock toward her entrance.

She was very wet, and my cock head slipped between her outer lips easily as I slowly moved forward.  I eased my hips forward then, pressing toward Heather.  I watched the look on her face, a mixture of uncertainty and desire, and heard her gasp softly as she felt a hard cock enter her body for the first time.  I felt her exquisite warmth surround me as I pushed forward, slowly entering her completely.  She wrapped her arms around me as my cock filled her body, and held me tightly as our pubic bones met.  I paused there, admiring the wondrous look on her face as she slowly adjusted to the feel of my cock inside her.

After a bit, her grip relaxed and I began to slowly slide my cock out of Heather's body, at first only an inch or so, and then slowly back in, moving gently so as not to hurt her.  Slowly, still kissing her, I began to lengthen my strokes until I was moving my entire length rhythmically in and out of her.  I could feel her body moving with me, her hands caressing my back and sides as we slowly made love in the warm summer air.  The look on her face was close to rapture as she lay there beneath me, moving with me, taking my cock into her body again and again.

Altho I didn't want this experience to end, I felt the familiar tingle that told me my orgasm was approaching, and I couldn't possibly chance making this sweet, beautiful young woman pregnant at 15.  As my pace increased somewhat with my approaching orgasm, I bottomed out in her hard a couple of times, causing her to wince slightly, then grin and almost purr. "More!" she growled, but I was at my end for now, and I think she understood.....

When I absolutely couldn't hold back any longer, I gave her one final stroke and then withdrew my cock from her body, and almost immediately I groaned as I felt my cum erupt out of my cock.  I lay on top of her and held her close as I came, depositing my cum on the porch between us.  Heather slowly came down, her breathing returning to normal as we lay, quietly holding each other.

I don't know how long we lay there, not talking, but just holding each other.  After a while I felt my cock stirring and growing hard again.  Heather was rubbing her hands on my sides as I began kissing her again.  She seemed to sense the change, and raised her knees again, welcoming me back into her.

I moved forward and slid inside her again, easily pressing all of my cock inside her still wet pussy for the second time that night.  Almost immediately we began moving together again, not fucking, but slowly making love with each other, enjoying the sensual and emotional as much as the physical.  I revelled in the feel of her warm, tight pussy around my cock as I slid in and out of her; in the smoothness of her skin against mine as the front of our bodies met from ourpubic bones all the way to our chests.  I could feel her breasts rubbing my chest as we moved together, and they were as warm as the rest of her.  We kissed almost nonstop as we made love for the second time, thoroughly enjoying the feel of each other's body.

Inevitably, I felt my cum rising again, my tempo again increasing as my climax grew closer.  She continued to move with me, breathing fast and hard as my cock rocked in and out of her body.  Finally I could take it no longer and pulled out of her to cum again.  As I felt the cum flowing out of my body, I imagined how incredible it would feel to cum with my cock buried inside Heather's body, to feel my cum squirting from my cock to fill her pussy.  I determined then that I would find a way to make it happen without risk of getting her pregnant before we went our separate ways, as I knew we eventually would.

After a few minutes of recovery, I located her jumper and helped her back into it, then dressed again.  Leaning down, I picked her up again and carried her back inside, where we sat together in one of my parent's recliners, she sitting crossways in my lap with her arms wrapped around my neck and her head on my shoulder.
"Thank you", she softly whispered after a few minutes.  I just nodded that I understood what she meant.  "Was it what you thought?" I asked her.  "So much more; so much better," she replied.  "Did I hurt you?"  "Only a little, right at first." she said, "but then it was so wonderful, both times!"
"So," I asked her then, taking a leap, "How do you feel?"  Her response wasn't totally unexpected, but she did surprise me the way she phrased it.  "What would you say if I said I loved you?" Heather asked softly and somewhat apprehensively.
"I'd say that's ok", I replied, and saw her visibly relax.  As she drifted off to sleep on my shoulder, I pondered her question a bit.  It was pretty normal for her to think she loved me, I supposed.  
After all, I had just taken her virginity......