For as long as I can remember, I've been an ass man. Not that I fail to appreciate the beauty of a slender leg or plump breast and taut nipple. Far from it. But ever since I was a teenager, stroking my cock to the glossy images in girlie magazines, the primary object of my desire has been the soft, peachy fullness of a woman's bottom. The image that never failed to send waves of pleasure crashing through me, while thick streams of cum spurted from my painfully rigid penis, was always that of a beautiful young model, gleaming and on all fours, looking over her shoulder at the camera as if to say "fuck my ass, you know you want to."
And want to I did. While I enjoyed plumbing the depths of a ripe and swollen pussy, or watching my cock slide between a pair of crimson lips, my secret desire was always anal sex. Thoughts of it filled my nights, and it dominated my wanking fantasies. I amassed a considerable collection of pornography dedicated to that single forbidden act of passion, and the images of long, thick cocks being slowly crammed into the assholes of beautiful women only increased my desire for the taboo. The knowledge that it was surely painful, and yet so pleasurable for many women it was still worth doing only made it more tantalizing; a delicious sin that might be within reach, should I only find the right woman.
For many years the fantasy remained just that, something I could picture in my mind that was guaranteed to stiffen my dick and summon an orgasm when required, and it was only when I was at college when my wishes were finally granted. Though I had been with many women before then, they had all made it perfectly plain that anal sex was not and never would be on the menu, despite the fact that they had never tried it and therefore had no real idea whether they would enjoy it or not.
I had been seeing Mickey, a beautiful young woman from Malta, for several weeks now, and had been reaping the carnal benefits since our second date. Mickey was stunning, five foot five of lithe muscle, tanned skin, inky black hair and dark eyes. Though we were not together exclusively, I wasn?t sleeping with anyone else at the time. Mickey was a firecracker with whom it took most of my energy to keep up with in bed; tireless, sexually aggressive and inventive, she was paradoxically coy about things beyond the scope of what she called "normal sex." I wasn't entirely sure of it at the time, but I had the lurking suspicion that I was falling in love with Mickey, and didn't want to propose anything that might scare her off. Still, she had a perfect ass; firm, gently rounded and tanned, with a light pink asshole like a rosebud that stirred my blood and fanned the flames of my secret lust.
We were fucking when it happened. She was straddling me, grinding her clit against my pubic bone and lightly squeezing her firm breasts in the way she knew got me off. I was close to the edge, and trying very hard not to come before she did, when she looked down at me and said "what do you think of when you want to come?"
It was such an out of place question that it threw me off my stroke, and I stopped, staring at her in puzzlement. She leant forward, her dark hair falling across my face, her hard nipples brushing the hair on my chest. "What is it you think of?" she asked again, gently biting my right earlobe.
"You don't want to know," I replied, confident it was true. She grinned and squeezed my cock with the muscles of her pussy. "Yes I do," she said.
I thought for a moment. Did I want to tell her? If she shared the opinion of every other woman I'd been with, she'd think I was a pervert, that anal sex was in some way degrading and disgusting. When I'd suggested it once to a former girlfriend, she'd waved a "Cosmopolitan" article at me that suggested that men who liked anal sex were sick and either really hated the women they were with or were secretly gay. The same article had quoted statistics that stated that over 30 percent of women in the US regularly practiced anal sex, but I'd been ignored when I'd pointed out that these women must find something good about it, otherwise they wouldn't keep doing it. Logic never went over big with some people. I didn't want to blow it in the same way with Mickey, especially since she didn't like me touching her there, and objected if my cock even accidentally pointed at her ass.
While I was thinking, my cock made the decision for me. Thinking about fucking her in the ass made my dick even harder. Mickey's eyes widened as she felt me swelling inside her. "Tell me," she commanded firmly. Looking her in the eyes, I slowly slid my hand down her sweat slicked back and around the curve of her buttocks. Then I gently dipped my finger into the crack of her ass and rested it on the edge of her anus. She jumped slightly, but didn't object.
"I think about fucking you here," I said.
Mickey looked at me levelly, her expression unreadable, while I waited for her to flip out. Then, smiling, she started moving again, rubbing her bush back and forth over the bump of my pubic bone, stimulating her clit while stuffed full of swollen cock. Her chest flushed pink and her breathing grew ragged. Then she leaned back and slid a slender hand between her thighs, a delicate finger stroking her clitoris. I sat upright, pulling her to me and suckling on her breasts as she wrapped her legs around me and sank down with her full weight, driving my aching penis even deeper inside her. Shuddering, she raked my back with her nails as she came, and my cock fountained thick gobbets of hot juice inside her as I speared her ass in my minds eye.
Later, as we lay tangled together, she walked her fingers through the hair on my chest, and looked up at me. "Do you really want to fuck me in the ass?" Even though I'd cum explosively only minutes before, my dick stirred at the words. While I struggled to find a way to answer that wouldn't brand me a pervert, Mickey's wandering hand brushed across my stomach, touching the tip of my penis. She glanced down, and saw my hardness returning in record time. "I guess you do," she said.
I tried to laugh it off. "Pet perversion," I said.
"Ever done it?"
I shook my head, my mouth dry. "Never found the right girl." Mickey took my hand and guided it to her body, moving it in stroking movements down her side.
"I want you to be happy," she said, looking me in the eyes. "I want what you want."
I didn't quite understand, and I guess the confusion showed in my eyes. I think I can be excused for being dumb; I'd just had my brains fucked out by a beautiful hard-bodied 19 year old, and I had a fresh load of sleep hormones running around my system.
She kissed me, pressing her soft, full lips against mine. "Fuck me in the ass, lover," she whispered. "Make me love it."
The thought of taking her in the way I'd always wanted to was almost too much for me. My cock stiffened rapidly, swelling until it felt as hard as an iron bar, the glans full and dark purple. I covered her body with kisses, slowly working my way down to her lush pussy. As I parted her thighs, I licked my lips in anticipation. I love the taste of pussy, and I get a genuine kick out of being able to make a woman climax with nothing more than my lips and tongue. Slowly, I slid my tongue around the edge of Mickey's labia, enjoying the taste of her juices and my jism combined. She moaned softly and wriggled, but I held her hips firmly and continued my exploration. Deftly, I slithered my tongue across her pussy, briefly sliding it inside her like a miniature cock, before flicking it across her clitoris, still swollen after our earlier passion. She moaned louder, and arched her back, pushing her mound against my mouth as if offering herself to me. As I gently sucked on her clit, I slid a finger inside her, working it around as she writhed with pleasure. As I continued to suck and lick her clitoris, her breathing came faster and faster, until she cried out, and I felt a fresh flood of juice against my tongue. Before she finished coming, I slowly slid my lubricated finger up her ass. The effect was electric. She gasped, pulling my head closer to her bucking pussy, grinding herself against my mouth while I finger-fucked her ass.
As her orgasm subsided, I continued to gently lap and lick at her pussy, avoiding her clit until it wasn't quite so sensitive. Just as her breathing returned to normal, I slithered my tongue across her little bud again, this time gently brushing it with my teeth. She bucked like she'd been electrocuted, her nipples bullet hard, the flush on her chest taking on the distinctive shape that always reminded me of Superman's chest emblem. As she came, I slid a second finger into her ass, and gently pistoned the two fingers in and out. With a choked cry, she hit another peak, and I pulled my head away just in time to avoid her tearing my ears off.
After lying still for a moment, Mickey looked down at my. "I think I'm ready," she said breathlessly, her lithe body gleaming with sweat. I lay down behind her and wrapped my arms around her.
"Not yet," I whispered in her ear. Goosebumps pricked her skin all the way down her body, a sure sign she was seriously turned on.
"Are you trying to drive me crazy?"
"Uh-huh," I agreed, gently biting her earlobe while I moulded myself to her back. We lay like spoons for a while, my hot, hard penis nestled in the crevice of her buttocks. Mickey flexed her ass experimentally, and my cock twitched in response. I couldn't remember the last time I'd been this hard, and I wondered whether I'd even get inside her, or whether I'd just be so turned on I'd shoot all over her instead. I wasn't averse to drenching Mickey with cum, in fact it was a standard of our sexual repertoire since she loved the sight of me kneeling over her and spurting streams of jizz onto her face and tits, creamy white on dark skin. But I badly wanted to fill her ass with hard cock.
As Mickey ground her backside against my hardness, I slid a hand over her belly and between her thighs, where I sought out the bud of her already sensitive clit. She pressed her beautiful ass against me as I started to gently strum her button, and I nearly shot my load then and there. Marshalling all my willpower, I concentrated on driving her wild instead, and within minutes I'd stroked another orgasm from her. By this time her body was soaked in sweat and was burning hot. I was ready to tease her again when she rolled onto her stomach, fire in her eyes.
"I want you. Now," she growled, her voice thick with desire. She pulled herself up onto her hands and knees, and tucked the pillows under her tummy. I crossed the room to get the bottle of lube she kept on the dresser, and looked back at her beautiful backside gleaming with perspiration. She looked like one of the models of my boyhood fantasies. My cock felt like it was made of steel, and it looked like a club of knotted wood.
"Are you sure?" I asked, determined to give her the chance to change her mind rather than permanently mess up the best relationship I'd had in years. She looked over her shoulder at me, her dark eyes full of promise and lust, and wiggled her bum at me enticingly. Slowly she slid her hand down across her butt, and gently began to frig her ass with her index finger.
"I want your cock in my ass."
I really didn't need to be told again. I crossed the room in a trice and squeezed some of the lube into my palm. After rubbing it between my palms to warm it, I began to work it into Mickey's asshole with my fingers. She moaned softly as I did so, and pushed her ass back onto my hands. "God, I feel so hot," she whispered. I knew how she felt. My cock had begun to ooze with pre- orgasmic fluid. If this kept up, things'd be over before they began.
Kneeling behind her, I slathered a film of lube onto my jutting cock, greasing it up. Then I took its hot weight in my hand, and pressed it gently against her asshole. She jumped, and for a second I thought she was going to back out. Then she relaxed, and I felt her puckered hole open slightly, grasping at my glans. "Do it," she pleaded, looking back at me and licking the full lips I'd so often seen clamped tightly around my spurting cock.
Slowly, gently, I pressed the head of my penis into her asshole. She pressed back against me as I pushed, and the sensation was so delicious I thought I was going to burst. Then, suddenly, the glans was inside her, being gripped by the ring of her sphincter. She was breathing heavily, and the insides of her thighs were trembling. I looked down, and the sight of my cock partially inside her sexy ass made me harder still. I was beginning to get dizzy, and it felt as if every drop of blood in my body was rushing towards my cock and balls.
We rested for a moment as she got used to the feeling of something in her ass. Then I pushed slowly forward, burying more and more of my grotesquely swollen dick inside her. I ran my hands across her back and rested them on her taut buttocks, watching amazed as she claimed more and more of me. The sensation was exquisite, like nothing I've ever felt before. She was soft inside, slick and hot, and incredibly tight. I could feel her internal muscles gripping me, almost pulling me in. I could feel my orgasm closing in, like a distant storm, and sweat was pouring down my back and thighs. Mickey was sweating too, and I could feel her asshole starting to try and squeeze me out.
"Relax," I breathed into her ear. "Just let it happen."
"It... hurts," she whispered. "Don't stop."
I slid my hand under her belly and up her thigh. As I found her pussy I realized it was literally dripping. I slid another half-inch of cock into her and flicked my fingertip across her clitoris. Mickey moaned, and pushed back onto me. As I stroked her clit she started to rock backwards and forwards, her tight little butt flexing as I slid more and more cock into her asshole. She was trembling as I pressed my balls against her, and her breathing was ragged.
"You've taken all of me," I whispered, kissing her neck. "Can you feel that? All of me in your beautiful ass?"
"Yessss," Mickey breathed. "God, yes. You're in my ass. Your hard cock is in my ass."
"Can you feel how deep I am?" I was so proud of her.
She nodded. "So deep. So hard." Her voice was low and gutteral. She looked back at me, then glanced down, trying to see where our bodies joined. She shuddered then, and her eyes took on a faraway, almost dreamy look.
"Fuck my ass," she moaned. "Make me come."
Slowly, I began to slide my cock in and out. I couldn't believe I hadn't come yet, and was so turned on by the sensations and by the fact Mickey was asking me to do this that I almost wondered whether I could come at all. Looking down, I was treated to the sight of her buttocks twitching, skewered on a dick so fat and hard it was tough to believe it was mine. Slowly I withdrew my cock until only the head was inside her, then I drove it back in. Mickey gasped and arched her back. "Oh, fuck yessss," she moaned. "Like that, baby. Fuck me."
Her wish was my command. I gripped her hips and pulled her back on me, savagely driving my throbbing cock into her asshole. Faster and faster I slid my cock in and out of her, pulling it almost completely out, then shoving it back in. The blood was ringing in my ears, and my head was spinning. My hips took on a life of their own, pumping back and forth, slamming my dick up her ass harder and harder.
"Christ!" Mickey spat. "Oh Jesus, that's right. Fuck me. Fuck my ass. Fuck it hard you bastard!"
Sweat was rolling down my chest in fat drops as I crammed my rigid dick into her. By now her butt was shaking like a jelly, her thigh muscles trembling, her love juice running down her thighs in a stream. I was fucking her hard and fast, slamming my cock deeper up her ass with every stroke.
"I want your juice, lover. Cum for me," Mickey gasped. My balls tightened, and I felt my cock get even harder than it had been before. "Cum, cum, cum," she breathed as I thrust into the sweltering heat of her as. My glans was so swollen it hurt, and for a brief moment I wondered if it might burst, then pleasure fogged my brain and my nervous system caught fire. My back arched as I lost control, and I roared as I shoved my dick as deep as it could go. Then I exploded, sending spurt after spurt of steaming cum up her hot, tight little ass.
"OH GOD!" shrieked Mickey. "IN MY ASS. YOU?RE CUMMING IN MY ASS!!!" The rest was lost as she came herself, clawing at the sheets and screaming like a panther in heat while I continued to pump what seemed like pints of thick, heavy semen in her backside. My orgasm simply wouldn't stop, and I was squirting so much juice into Mickey's ass that it started to back up and drip out and down her thighs.
Afterwards, we lay quietly together, occasionally laughing as we realized that everyone in the student house - if not the entire street - had probably heard Mickey's climax and knew exactly what we'd been up to. After I washed myself off, I returned to the bedroom, pausing in the doorway to admire Mickey's body as it shone in the lamplight. She was lying where I had left her, face down amid the sheets, her beautiful ass raised by the pillows under her tummy. I could see a creamy trickle smeared on one buttock where my huge ejaculation was slowly leaking out of her abused anus. Despite the fact that my balls were still aching from the flood of cum I had produced, my dick began to fatten at the memory.
Sitting next to her on the bed, I kissed her hair.
"Are you okay, love?" I asked her.
"Yes," she murmured sleepily, her voice muffled by the pillow. "That was incredible. I could feel you, twitching and spurting inside me. In my ass." She shuddered with remembered pleasure. "It was so hot."
"Did I hurt you?"
"Yes," she said huskily, and my heart sank. She waited a beat before turning over with a wicked gleam in her eye. She leant forward, and flicked her tongue impishly across the oozing tip of my hardening cock. "Let's do it again. You know you want to."