My darlin' you are before me with your magnificent erect cock. I on my knees before your strength. I look up into your eyes, searching for your passion and desire for me. Looking for your approval and want, my hand strokes your shaft. Long strokes feeling your silky cock skin and the rock hardness of your shaft in my hand makes me wet.
My pussy is dripping into my panties... my mouth is wet and ready... my lips aching to have you between them... MMMmmmmm.... I say...babyyy ....I want to taste you I need to have this cock fill me... I look up at you so naughty, your eyes dark with lust looking down at me. I move my mouth to your cock head, still looking into your eyes. My tongue sticks out to bathe your cock, watch as I lick your head... around and around... around the rim... putting my lips on it... nibbling... tasting... smelling.... then...needing more...
I'm wanting you and I cannot wait any longer. I stroke my fist up around your cock head, only the head peeking out and put my mouth upon it... surrounding it... licking and sucking... my saliva dripping down onto your shaft... onto my fist... making it slick... moving my hand up and down along with my mouth... sucking... sucking... harder... deeper... tongue swirling... tasting... moans vibrating... surrounding your whole cock... deeper...
My pussy is soaked and wanting to be filled, only makes me suck you better... exquisite torture... Watch my head bobbing up and down... up down up down... your cock... so slick with pre-cum and saliva... sliding in and out of my hot wet mouth... so snugly around you... sucking...harder...deeper...
Taking you from your tip all the way down, slowly at first, getting used to your size and girth stretching my mouth as you grow... up and down my mouth works your cock... milks it... coaxes your cum... I feel you throbbing between my lips... more... you want more...
You are moaning and now pumping your hips, you want me to deep throat your huge erection. I want it too...
MMMmmmmm... I'm wet, so wet and throbbing, imagining the cock that is in my mouth; deeply fucking my wet hot needy cunt... Please... Oh, I taste you so salty and sweet, letting you fuck my sweet teasy mouth the way I know you are going to fuck my pussy later. Pumping in and out... gagging me... feeling my throat enclosed around you... so tight and wet...
I cant get enough of your hands on my head, guiding me, teaching me the way that pleases you most. I'm so eager to please... sucking faster...harder... So deep my lips flush against your pelvis; gagging hearing your loud moans, feeling the throbbing so hard now...
It's cumming...
I know you are close lover...
I look up at you...
fill me with your cum...
Let me taste you...
drink you...
And then your hips begin pumping, then hard thrusts. I moan loud on your cock that is locked inside of my mouth; and you cum. Your hot cream rushing down my throat...
I swallow you so pleased...
over and over and over again...
sucking you dry...
licking and sucking all of your cum from your cock...
never missing a drop...
Then finding my way up to your lips to kiss you, let you taste yourself from my mouth. My tongue hotly assaulting yours kissing so passionately then onto the bed where I climb up on you pushing my panties to the side I rub your softening cock between my slit to give me some relief from this aching. Rubbing my clit showing you how much I need you. How much you have aroused me.
With a smile and a fluid move you flip me onto my back, kiss down my body licking and kissing and biting. Lathing my nipples with your tongue while your hand forces my knees apart, spreading my pussy lips so hot and slick swollen and needy. I moan and writhe beneath your huge hands more... You push two fingers in deeply and fuck me, in and out soooo good. Your mouth moving lower. I watch as you withdraw your fingers and suck my juices from them, so hot...
Then you kiss my soft smooth mound and move lower, licking my slit... OH YESSSSSSSS...as your tongue dives deeply... thrusting... licking... sucking... teasing my pussy and clit until I cum around your hot tongue...hard...
OH YESSSSSSSS... I scream out your name ending in a delicious whimpered cry...
Feel my contractions?
It must be sweet heaven... My cum is sweet and musky, dripping from my open pussy and you lap at it drinking me. I pull you up to me; into my arms kissing you gently, sharing my cum with you...
I caress your face and watch your eyes close as you drift off to sleep... holding you close to me... so satisfied... for now.
@}:- To be kissed by a dragon is Bliss ~ HunnyBear This 1's 4 you xoxo I LOVE YOU ~Valli~