Katie must have fallen asleep. When she woke, Marcus had his arms around her and she had her back full against his front. She made to move out of his grasp but he pulled her back tightly against him. "Oh, you're up," she said lamely. She turned and looked at him with a troubled expression. His face was carefully blank, more like a mask. "Is something wrong?"

"Of course there is," he replied, but made no move to explain himself. He simply laid there on his side, shirtless if not naked, an arm hovering over her torso almost possessively. She was still wearing the green dress from earlier.

"I met your mother," Katie murmured almost hesitantly. "She's..."

"Not right," he finished for her when she couldn't. "I know."

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. You didn't do it."

There was something about the clipped words and the blank face that pulled Katie in. She touched his face, tracing the edge of his lips almost tenderly. "What happened?"

"She watched my father be tortured and killed," he said, shrugging as if it didn't matter. The hand over her stomach was heavy, sliding over to grasp her hip tightly. He had learned not to react, she realized suddenly. He learned to give nothing away. Those pranks on the pitch, the hateful words about the game, all of it had been just a cover for what was really happening.

"Were you there? She said you were," Katie murmured. "But a lot of what she said didn't make sense, either."

"No, she doesn't always," he said. He propped himself up on one elbow and practically hovered over her, his hand on her hip almost painfully tight. "Why are you asking me this?"

"Is that going to happen to me?" Katie murmured. "Am I going to go around the bend like that from being locked in here?"

His eyes were dark and stormy, his craggy features still a mask otherwise. "They tortured him for not giving up the Manor, for saving our birthright for us. She tried to intervene. After the Cruciatus, they Stunned her and made her watch. They used Cruciatus until he shredded his vocal cords screaming. Then they cut him to ribbons and let him bleed to death." Katie had grabbed hold of his arm, squeezing tightly. "Yes, I was there. He told me not to move, and I didn't. I didn't move, I didn't react, and when they were done and they left, I cleaned up the mess and put my mother to bed and lied to her that Dad was fine."

"How old were you?" she whispered, horrified.

"Fourteen. The war began a lot earlier than you think it did."

"And your brothers? She said..."

"It doesn't matter, does it?" he asked tiredly.

"She thinks I'm your betrothed," Katie told him, still squeezing his arm almost desperately. "And that you're saving me from something horrible, and that I can't ever leave."

"Are you opposed to that?" he asked in a low tone.

"What in bloody hell is going on?" she asked, hitting his chest. "Why am I even here?"

"I told you. They would have hurt you." He pulled on her hip so that she was flush beneath him now. "They would have tortured you. Maybe they would have done all those horrible things you've heard about. They're winning, Katie. Your precious savior ran, and they're winning. You can't fight them on this and not be killed."

Why do you care? she wanted to ask. She grasped the forearm that carried the Dark Mark, that ugly tattoo that meant death. "I have to. I can't just sit there and let it happen."

"I won't let you," he growled at her.

"Why not?" she challenged. "What am I to you? Why go through all this?"

He lowered himself on top of her and kissed her roughly, his hands threaded through her hair. Katie reached up to grasp his shoulders, to push him back and break the kiss. He grabbed her hands and held them against the bed on either side of her head. He pushed himself up, breaking the kiss. His eyes were stormy as he looked down at her. "You're mine, Katie Bell," he growled at her. "Whether you knew it or not, you were always mine."

"You can't be serious."

"Absolutely serious."

"But... why?"

It had been the way she watched him overlong, the way her eyes had tracked him, the way she had taunted him, the way she had always given chase on the pitch, the way her eyes had sparkled. He didn't want to see the innocence in her die, didn't want to see her blood spilled across the floor because of her Gryffindor idealistic stupidity. She didn't know how this world was changing, how it worked now. She didn't know, and it would grind her to bits. It wasn't a single reason, but a thousand little things that didn't make any logical sense at all.

"Does it matter why?" he countered, hovering over her. "You're staying here in the Manor. You won't leave it."

"Why not? What would happen if I did?"

"You can't," he said with finality. "We pulled the Manor out of reality just a little bit, just enough that it couldn't be found ever again. And only those keyed to it can apparate in and out. The floo doesn't work, most owls can't find us in here. It was the only way to keep it safe."

"And if I tried to get off the grounds?"

"It broke what was left of Mum's mind," Marcus hissed at her. "Don't do it."

Katie barely suppressed a shiver. She still didn't understand why she was so important to him, why he was so determined to keep her out of the war. It was one thing to keep her away from Death Eater notice and to rescue her when she would have been punished severely. This was too much, and her look at him clearly said so.

He simply kissed her again, desperation and longing and desire all mixed into it. He was rough about the edges, rather like a raw granite statue that hadn't gone through a sanding or polishing phase before presentation. But there was more to him than she had ever given him credit for, more in those eyes than she had ever thought possible. Without even thinking about it, she spread her legs and let him settle between them. He let go of her hands to cradle her, and broke the kiss to simply hold her, his lips at her temple. "I won't let them take you, too."

She remembered that his other brothers were all dead, as well as two sisters-in-law. Ilona had said that he was the one to find the bodies that he could, and took care of it. He took care of everything. "What happened to your brothers?" she asked gently, her arms around him.

"They're dead," he said flatly. "That's all you need to know."

"But..."

"They're dead, their wives and potential children are dead. They're all dead. It's just us here in this house. That's all that's left."

"Potential children...?"

"Velma was seven months pregnant when they killed her with Phineas. Constance was two months pregnant, so no one outside the family knew. It was an object lesson for Nathan. It obviously didn't take." His voice was flat and dead, and Katie could only press her lips against his shoulder and hold him close. "It's just us here. We're all that's left."

Katie didn't comment on how hollow his voice sounded, how pained he must have felt. "I won't leave the grounds," she promised.

"Good," he said, nodding. He settled on top of her, arms around her. She pulled the covers up to his shoulders and settled in to sleep.
***
Katie woke up alone, and there was no indication that Marcus had ever been there. She looked around the room. It looked exactly as it had the day before and the day before that. She got up and checked all the drawers. She never had any indication of whether Marcus actually took his clothes out when she was around the manor, or if house elves merely got them for him. To her surprise, however, the top drawer of the dresser now had underthings for her. The one beneath it still had Marcus' clothing. Katie flung open the closet, and there were the dresses she had worn since her arrival, and the Hogwarts uniform was cleaned and folded neatly at the top of the shelf. With shaking fingers, she grasped it and checked the pockets. Her DA coin was still there in the pocket, still active. Katie clutched it in her fist and put the uniform back up on the shelf. She would have to find a way to get a wand to apparate herself out of Flint Manor to help when she could.

The library had more books than Katie would have expected, though she really knew nothing about Marcus, nothing that truly counted. He could make her body sing, and he was protecting her from something, but Katie didn't know what made him tick, not really. Talking to Ilona did nothing but make her feel ill somehow, as if afraid she would wind up as broken as the older woman.

Katie pulled down various books on spells and charms for protection. She read through them more for something to do than actual interest, and the house elves brought her food and tea at mealtimes. She went back up to Marcus' room to sleep, and repeated everything again the next morning.

The days blurred together. Most days, she read in the library, learning more defense than she had in all her days at Hogwarts. Or maybe she appreciated it more than she had at Hogwarts. Some days, Ilona found her during her wanderings about the Manor. Katie then had to endure painful nonsensical talks, had to sit there as Ilona alluded to her husband's murder and her children's deaths. Katie had to agree that Marcus was a good son for protecting Ilona this way and for keeping Katie safe.

Her galleon still worked, even if she was somewhere hard to find. Her gut clenched at the messages coming through it. The galleon still notified for DA meeting times, but messages along the sides told of other students getting hurt or going missing. Katie's name was among the missing. There was no way for her to alter her coin and let others know she was safe, no way to find out what else was happening.

Marcus found her in the library when she was reading through books on attack spells. "I didn't take you for a Ravenclaw," he remarked.

Katie threw down the book and rushed at him. "It's been a month! A full on month with no idea what happened to you, and--"

He kissed her full on the mouth to stop her rambling. His arms tightened around her, and he pushed his tongue into her mouth. She didn't resist him, and stood dazed in his embrace when the kiss ended.

"Too dangerous to send word or come back," he said softly. "Mum is already asleep for the night."

"But it's early yet," Katie protested.

Marcus backed her toward the couch and tipped her back toward it. "She looked tired and went to bed. The elves won't wake her."

Katie watched with large eyes as he knelt in front of her, hands sliding beneath the skirt of her dress. "This can't keep happening. I don't even know you," she tried to protest.

"I'm keeping you safe. You belong to me. What's there to know?" he asked stubbornly.

Katie thumped his shoulder hard. "Everything! Why you're doing this, where my wand is, what my poor parents think..." Her voice trailed off as his fingers brushed against the inside of her thigh. "Oh, that's not fair."

"I'm Slytherin," he replied.

"I'm not some delicate doll to shut away," she gasped as his fingers sought her center.

He pulled her forward, pushing the skirt of the dress up and dropping his pants to his knees. "No. But they will kill you if you keep doing you were doing, and I won't allow that." Marcus sank deeply into her, and Katie gasped at the feel of him. She clutched at him almost desperately as he pulled her tighter against him as he rocked, slowly at first. "I won't let them kill you."

"You've left me here with nothing to do."

Marcus nearly growled as he pushed even deeper inside of her. He had one hand at her hips and tangled the other hand in her hair. "You're safe and you'll live."

"I'd rather," she gasped, arching against him in pleasure, "be armed and ready. I'd rather try to help you. I can fight."

He didn't want to mention the fact that she had been caught so easily, that she could have been raped and killed if he hadn't claimed her as his. Marcus had to keep her safe, had to make sure she remained alive. If she was alive, he would be all right. He would do whatever was asked of him, whatever he had to do to keep her safe.

Katie came, curling her body around his and gasping for air. Marcus withdrew and positioned her on her hands and knees, then took her from behind, his hands on her hips keeping her tightly in place. "You can't," she gasped, fingers digging into the carpet. He felt good, too good, and whatever protest she had been meaning to make flew right out of her head. "Marcus!" she cried, body tightening around him. She was close, so close, and she could feel him twitch and jerk inside of her. He grunted, moving faster, and Katie came again, clamping down tight around him. Now Marcus came with a groan.

Delicately, Marcus helped to lower her to the floor and curled up next to her. "It's good to see you," he murmured. She had no idea what it took to get him home, and as far as he was concerned, it should stay that way.

But Katie wasn't having it. She crawled over him, straddling him and pushing his hands down on either side of his head. "You can't just show up and shag me like that's all I'm here for," she told him, finally able to get out what she had been trying to say before. "I'm not like that, and I won't have you turn me into that."

Marcus narrowed his eyes at her and threaded his fingers through hers. He shifted his hips slightly. "You won't, eh?"

"No. I'm a good girl," Katie told him seriously, banging his hands into the carpet for emphasis. "I'm not letting you just use me this way."

He moved quickly, unsettling her and turning her onto her back beneath him. "And how do you propose to make me?" he asked, voice low and dangerous. It was a tone that unnerved many a Death Eater.

Katie refused to be cowed by him. "I won't let you shag me, you great pillock. I've let you every time."

"And what's to stop me from just taking you?"

"If you were that kind of man, you'd've done so back at Hogwarts. You'd've done so here when I thought it was what you were going to do." Katie worked a hand free and pushed at his chest. "You aren't like that, or you wouldn't have brought me to a place you keep your Mum."

"How do you know?" he asked, gaze intent on her face. "You know nothing about me..."

"And you don't let me find out," Katie interrupted tartly. "I'm not daft. I can figure out bits. You just won't tell me the rest of it."

"Best if you stay out of it," he growled.

"No," she challenged, jaw thrust out stubbornly. "Tell me. Let me do something other than rot here."

"You'll stay here where it's safe and that's final," Marcus snarled at her. "You don't know how it is and it'll stay that way for your own good."

Katie shoved at his chest. "You blithering idiot. I knew what I was getting into when I joined the DA. You can't suddenly decide what's good for me. You haven't the right!"

Marcus wound his hand in her hair and stretched himself on top of her, pressing down with his weight to keep her in place. "You belong to me, Katie. Now and forever. You're mine. I will do whatever is necessary to keep you safe, to keep you and Mum here alive. Don't ask me."

Katie threw off his weight as best as she could and rolled on top of him. He didn't fight it. "I need to know," she said quietly. "I can take it. I'm not that fragile."

"I killed Muggles tonight," he told her bluntly. "And a few other nights, too. Tortured them in front of their children, then killed the children. Or tortured the children while parents watched, until they begged for death. Whatever they asked of me, I did. They'll never question me, never ask about my dedication. They'll never have reason to come here. Do you understand me?"

She had heard the bleak, haunted tone in his voice. He clearly hadn't wanted to, but saw no other choice. "And if they do want to come here?" she asked quietly.

"They will never." Marcus growled at her fiercely, shaking his head. "Never."

"You must have a plan..."

"Mum is ill, everyone knows that. No one asks."

Katie almost felt sorry for him. She could still see the dutiful son in him, caring for his mad mother, quietly disposing of his father's and brothers' bodies so that she wouldn't have to. Somehow Katie had gotten tangled up in his sense of duty, and now she was someone to protect. "I'm not that fragile," she told him quietly. "I want to fight."

"I won't let you. The elves won't give you your wand."

Katie had been wondering; various requests so far had been met with blank stares. "This has to end sometime."

"Your side isn't winning," Marcus told her. "Potter's gone, no one knows where he is and people are dying. Your side is losing, Katie... I won't lose you in that."

She wondered if he was afraid to love, afraid to ever admit to needing anyone. She wondered if she could love someone she barely knew. She worried for him, looked forward to his arrival, thrilled at his touch and dreamed of him at night. Was that love? Was it something close enough or just something developing because he was the only one that knew she was alive?

She was a Gryffindor for a reason. "I love you, too."

He stilled at the words, eyes wide and unreadable. "Don't," he replied darkly. "Don't love me."

"Why not?"

"I've buried just about everyone that did. I'm not burying you, you absentminded fool."

Katie leaned down and kissed his mouth. "Not my intention, Marcus. I can help. I've been studying a bit in my free time, since I've so much of it now," she told him cheekily. "All sorts of interesting things I've been learning." Katie rolled off of him. "And since you've reduced me to being a Muggle, I have to go wash up. You left me sticky."

Marcus had been almost stunned, but had to laugh at the last bit. Maybe he didn't have to worry about her quite as much as he had thought.

She still wasn't getting her wand back, and she still wasn't leaving. He cared for her, but he wasn't stupid.
***
***