Cam likes the little teasing lilt in Vala's voice when she reminds him that their evening is far from over. He likes it a whole lot. He grabs his beer and tips it back, emptying the bottle. When he's done with it, he reaches for his wallet and pulls out enough cash to cover their food and drinks and a sizable tip. "Okay, Miss Mal Doran. What now?"

She grins and gives him a shrug. "Your date, you're supposed to take me out and show me a good time, right?"

"You? Without an opinion?" He pretends to be shocked.

Reaching down, he takes her hand and leads her across the floor. He hums thoughtfully and pulls her to stand in front of him, wrapping his arms around her until she leans back against his chest. "Let's see," he says, his mouth brushing against her forehead. "We got more bowling. We got the arcade over that way. We got the mechanical bull right there... or we could just blow this popsicle stand and head somewhere else..."

He sways a little with her, pulling her hair back so he can nuzzle her jaw.

"Mechanical bull?" She repeats curiously. She looks around until she spots something that looks vaguely like an animal that is bucking and broncing in the corner. "What is that?"

"Something dumb redneck wannabes use to prove how stupid they are..." Cam laughs. "Come on, we can go watch - I think that kid is about to give it a shot. It's fun to see how long they last. Or how long they don't last."

He leads her over to where a crowd of people are gathered around to watch and cheer on (or potentially heckle) the rider.

The bull starts up and Vala's eyes widen as she watches it move around, trying to throw the rider off. It takes barely any time at all before the man is chucked onto the mats. Another man is in his place, bragging about how he can go far longer as he climbs up into the stirrups.

This man only lasts a bit longer than the first, chucked onto the mats in no time at all. "Thats not hard," Vala mutters to Cam, rolling her eyes. "Anyone could do that."

"Uhhh...." Cam is doubtful. Vala has moves, certainly, and the things she can do with her hips... but he's not sure if that would exactly transfer to a mechanical rodeo training tool. "I'm not sure..."

"Any other riders?" The conductor calls out, tickets still in his hand. "Any more riders for this round? We got a pot of money here for the one who can stay on longest so step up and try your hand!"

The conductor says the magic words pot of money and Vala is quick to step up, five bucks being handed over quickly for her own ticket to ride. She looks back at Cam and gives him a huge, excited grin.

"Vala!" Cam tries to grab her and pull her back but she's already moving fluidly through the crowd, beaming as she climbs astride the mechanical bull. The guys are going wild, whistling at Vala, who seems to eat it up. Shaking his head in exasperation and amusement, Cam decides to hell with it and joins in with a piercing whistle.

Vala grins down and waves, throwing Cam a kiss and giggling when a few other guys around him think its for them. She looks at Cam and winks.

Wrapping her hand into the wrap, Vala secures herself before giving a nod to the conductor. From what she saw from watching it was just a mechanized chair that moved back and forth, not unlike how going through an unstable wormhole could be.

The bull started up slow at first, jerking first forward and then back. Vala kept her center of balance tight, her body moving and hips swaying in time with the machine.

It doesn't take Cam but a couple of seconds to realize that Vala actually has a huge advantage - she's slender and knows how to use her height, how to balance so well she almost seems to be anticipating. She lasts easily three times longer than any of the guys before her. Cam's not even sure if she's actually thrown off so much as decides that there's no reason to stay on any longer.

The bull goes faster, bucking harder as it tried to get her off. The bell rang out to let her know that she had reached the five minute mark. Vala figures its long enough and throws a leg over the bull and dismounts as gracefully as she can.

Smiling to the crowd, she bows to the applause, eating it up.

He's pushed to the front of the crowd by then, stepping into the padded area to help her down. He steps back while she takes her bow and then pulls her to him for a hug and a kiss. "Now that was hot," he murmurs in her ear. This time it's him throwing her a wink.

She giggles, arms around his neck. "Yeah? You liked watching me, huh?" Her eyes were bright and her face flushed from the exertion and from excitement.

"Now, now ladies and gentlemen its time to check the times but I think we all know who the winner of this round is." The crowd cheers as the man grabs a huge cowboy hat and hands it over with a small bundle of cash. "The champion tonight goes to this little filly right here," he drawls and drops the hat onto her head, handing the cash over to Vala.

She takes it eagerly before looking back at Cam. "What did he call me?" She whispers, not sure if she should feel insulted or not.

"He said you were a little filly," Cam says, laughing. "I can see his point. You're like a little wild filly... little bit untamed... unbroken... did I mention how hot that was, watching you ride that thing?"

Vala doesn't know what a filly is but she likes the sound of those words, untamed and unbroken and she really likes the way Cam is looking at her right now.

"How about we give a nice hand to this little girl," the announcer says again but Vala isn't paying attention, her eyes are on Cam. "Ha ha, looks like we've already lost her ladies and gentleman. Also looks like she may be doing a bit more of that riding later on tonight... Ain't that right son?" He grins and winks at Cam.

Cam groans, hugging Vala to him and burying - hiding - his face in her hair to avoid the catcalls he's hearing from all around them. "Okay, I think you've caused enough of a spectacle here, what do you say we make a quiet exit... head on somewhere a little more private..."

"You think we can exit quietly?" She giggles and pulls him close, her hand slowly sliding down his back for places far further south.

He kisses her, keeping his mouth against hers, lips brushing. "Or exit loudly. I don't really care how we exit... as long as I get you alone, soon..."

She laughs happily and rubs her body against his as they continue to kiss. Her hands slip into the back pockets of his jeans and she pulls him hard against her body as she continues to rub up and down against him.

"You're not helping," he points out, though he doesn't actually mind the feeling of her hands on him. He doesn't, however, really want to do this in public.

He pushes her back, groaning when she nips at his lip with her teeth. "Woman, do I have to sling you over my shoulder and carry you out? I'm not big on the Tarzan style, but if I have to..."

"Ooh, that sounds fun!" She bounces slightly at the idea but eventually just grabs Cam's arm in hers and leads him out of the bar. "Alright, somewhere private. Lets go back to yours. Or mine, which one gets us to where I can wrap my legs around her head faster?"

He can feel her pressed all against him as they walk, her hip bumping his, her hands on his arm. When she mentions her legs and his head, he swears under his breath. "You were just sent here to torment me, weren't you?"

Not that he actually minds.

Vala chuckles and grins brightly her lips still against his. "Maybe I was. Lucky you, huh?" She grabs his hand in hers, placing it on her ass as they walk and stumble back to his car.

"Lucky, lucky..." He stops and grabs her and kisses her. "I'm gonna get luckier, right?"

He pulls back a little and grins at her.

Vala grins and pushes him back against the hood of his car. She snugs a thigh in between his and rubs. "Oh yeah," she breathes. "How far away is your place?"

"Too far," he says, his voice almost breathless. "But I'm too old to be doing this in the back of a car, so we gotta... we gotta at least... try to make it there..."

He speaks between kisses, pressing against her. His hands slide down to grasp her ass, squeezing.

"Too old," Vala snorts. "Hardly." She grins and reaches down and gives him a light squeeze through his jeans. "I can make you feel so much younger," she whispers into his ear. "Make you get it up so fast for me."

"Already do," he says, pushing a little into her hand so she feels the solid bulge of his cock against his jeans.

"I can take care of that for you." She runs her palm over the bulge, her fingers curling around it as she squeezes.

He reaches down and closes a hand over hers. "Oh, I know you can... but I think we need to... we need to at least get into the car."

He's making an effort at public decency, though in the face of Vala and her wandering hands it's hard to remember why he needs to.

"Go then," she replies, giving his bottom lip a soft nip before she finally lets go of him.

He reaches behind him and fumbles her door open, stepping back to allow her into the car then going around to the driver's side. He starts up the car and looks at her, catching her grin. "Don't - I see that look in your eyes. That look is trouble."

Vala purses her lips and sits down in her seat, buckling her seatbelt and placing her hands in her lap. She gives Cam a look like butter couldn't melt in her mouth. "I have no idea what you're talking about Cameron."

"Uh huh," Cam nods, very unconvinced. He leans over and taps his finger against her chin before he kisses her again. "Trouble."

"Name of the game my dear," she purrs. Leaning in she extends the kiss, her tongue slipping into his mouth. "I'll be good if you get us home right now."

He floors it, looking over at her with a huge grin to gauge her reaction.

Vala cries out excitedly as his car jumps into action, purring like a happy kitten. Her hand grabs the arm rest as she laughs happily, her eyes bright just as they had been on the mechanical bull.

Cam is addicted to things that go fast, and since he can't go up like he used to... this is the next best thing. He keeps his foot jammed down until they near his apartment complex, where the winding roads get busier. "Fast enough for you?"

Vala's head is back, her eyes closed and her hand in her lap. She's a big fan of things that move fast.

He sees the look of absolute joy on her face and resolves again to take her up in a plane - one of his, something sleek and made for speed. But right now... right now he's got a different kind of ride in mind. He pulls into his parking spot and thumbs the unlock for the doors. "Come on, princess. Night isn't over yet."

Her head falls forward and she smirks. "Better not be." Sliding out of the car, she slams the door and moves over to Cam, wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him in close for a kiss.

"This is not inside," he reminds her, but he also doesn't really have any problem letting her distract him for a few more seconds. She is, after all, very distracting... especially when she does that thing with her tongue, the thing she's doing right now...

She giggles and grabs onto him, pulling him closer to her. "Then why don't you take me inside?"

He grins and scoops her into his arms, cradling her and making the walk from the car to the door of the building carrying her. He puts her down once they're inside in front of the elevators. As soon as her feet are on the floor again, he's backing her against the wall to kiss her until the ding sounds and the doors open.

"Up," he mumbles, tongue in her mouth as they stumble into the lift.

"You talking to me or the elevator?" Vala asks with a grin as she kisses him back. She backs up to the elevator wall and uses the handrail to hoist herself up, wrapping her legs around his waist.

"I meant the elevator, but, you know," he wraps his arms around her and grinds into her. The doors ding again and they're on his floor but it's hard to pull away from her. "Come on, come on..."

She pushes at him and jumps down to follow. She's nicked his keys in the elevator and fumbles with them to unlock his door.

He reaches for his keys only to realize that she's already unlocked the door. He knows he had them in his hand when he got out of the car, but he doesn't remember handing them to her. Still - he must have, right? And it's not like the end goal wasn't to get inside, anyway.

He kicks the door shut, guiding her hand to drop the keys on the table by the door, and then wraps his arms around her. They step together, more or less, further into the room until they're nearing the couch. He stops, glancing at the couch, then at his bedroom.

"Bedroom lover boy," Vala murmurs in his ear. "What I want to do with you can not be contained on that couch of yours."

"... oh.... oh," Cam says, words escaping him when faced with that expression of Vala's. "Yes, ma'am."

The matter of the keys is entirely forgotten by the time they pass over the threshhold to his bedroom. He stops her in front of the bed and kisses her deeply, his hands moving around her waist, sliding underneath the back of her shirt. "Vala, baby, honey, you know..." He pauses to kiss her neck and nibble up it. "You know how much I like you, don't you? I mean, by now, should be fairly obvious, but... I just... wanna put the cards on the table... oh, damn, stop, you're distracting me..."

"What, I would never do such a thing," Vala murmurs, her teeth and tongue fronting a double assault on that sweet spot right behind his ear as her hands begin to massage him through his pants.

"Little liar," he says, his voice full of affection for her. "Fine... ok... talk later, talk after... can't think with your hands on me."

It's the truth; he has things he wants to say, but... well, maybe right now isn't the best time to be saying them, anyway. He reaches between them and cups between her legs, through the pants she's wearing, rubbing down hard with his thumb where her clit is.

"Now you're calling me names," she teases. Chuckling, she runs her lips across his jawline and back to his; she presses them together, her tongue briefly flickering out against his bottom lip. "What were you going to say?" She mumbles against his lips.

"You are, but I like what you're doing, so 's'okay," Cam says, stepping back and unbuttoning his shirt. He looks at her expectantly, as if silently asking why she's still wearing clothes.

"Oh you want me to do it," she laughs. Her fingers move immediately to her shirt and begin to tug on it, pulling it off and over her head, dropping it onto his floor. Her hands immediately move to her own pants but she gets distracted with Cam's naked chest. Reaching out, she brushes her fingers over his pecs, fingers ghosting over a nipple.

"Uh huh. I want you to do it." He does want to see her undress herself, but her touch is distracting enough to make him forget that for a moment. He catches her hand where it dances over her skin and presses her fingertips to his skin, stepping in to kiss her.

His pants gape open where he has them unbuttoned and unzipped, the belt falling loose. He urges her hand down until the trail under his belly button leading to his pubic hair tickles her fingertips.

She chuckles and pushes her hand a bit further, her fingernails scratching lightly at the sparse hair that's there. "What else would you like to see?" She asks him softly. Her head tilts back and she begins to work on his neck, her lips leaving small nips and kisses all the way up the column to right under his jaw.

"You, under me... that look on your face when you're about to come..." His voice is low, the words odd on his tongue because Cam's a gentleman, Cam doesn't usually talk like that, but he's learning what Vala likes.

Her smirk is slow, curling across her lips. "Oh, yes sir," she breathes. Leaning in, she presses her lips hard to his before pulling back and away from him. She takes her time, pulling the rest of her clothing off slowly and dropping it piece by piece down onto the floor.

Eyes directly on his, Vala moves backwards and climbs onto his bed, splaying herself out on it as if a sacrifice for him.

He shoves his pants and underwear down and kicks them off, kneeling on the bed and just watching her for a second, admiring how she looks with her hair tumbling in loose curls around her, her skin milky and pale and just waiting for his mouth, his hands, his body on hers.

He crawls toward her and over her, cradling her face in his hands and leaning down to kiss her.

She tilts her head back, opening her mouth to his. "Cam," she sighs softly, her eyes falling closed. Her legs open up wide, letting him move in between her thighs.

He reaches over to the table to tug open the drawer and pull out a condom. The wrapper crinkles in his fist, but he doesn't open it yet. He kisses her instead and then sits back on his knees. The condom falls to the bed and he puts his hands on her thighs, drawing them upward until his thumbs rub at her pussy lips, spreading her open in front of him.

"Oh, oh," she shudders as he touches her. It feels so good and she arches immediately up into his hands to get more of his hands on her, in her, anywhere she can get them. "More Cam," she begs softly.

He presses two fingers into her and feels her clench around him. He leaves them there, his thumb circling her clit while his other hand pets her, strokes over her skin. He knows she wants more and he's not in the mood to make her wait tonight. Once he can feel the slickness coating his fingers he takes the condom and rips it open.

Vala bites down on her bottom lip as she watches Cam prepare himself, sliding the condom down his cock. She reaches out, wrapping her hand around his cock and helps him slide the condom down his shaft. Her eyes flicker back up to his face as she positions him right at her entrance. Wrapping a leg around his hip, she encourages him to slide deep into her.

He shudders slightly as he thrusts into her, sudden surge of stimulation without the slow ease into it of the foreplay they've gone for every other time. He likes this though, likes the connection with her immediately. He gives her a few seconds to adjust and get used to him and then starts to move, nuzzling against her mouth with his while his fingers play in her hair.

She opens up to him, her tongue slipping out to meet his and intertwine. She murmurs his name as she pulls him closer, both deeper into her and against her body so she can feel him where they touch from head to toe.

"You feel good," she breathes, her hips rocking slowly into his. The pace is easy and relaxed, the both of them just enjoying how it feels to have the other close. "Really, really good."

He presses his face against the curve of her neck, feeling how she strains to get closer. He feels the same way, happy to take his time but still trying to feel more of her.

"Vala..." He pants her name, feeling her chest moving against his. They're both struggling against it a little more now, both getting there despite trying to draw it out. He thinks about stopping, changing positions, buying some time, but he decides that right now he just wants to let it happen. He covers her mouth with his and kisses her deeply, holding off until he knows she's right there too, trying to time it as closely as possible.

She slips a hand down her body to rub at her clit in time with his thrusts. "Cam, I'm--" she breaks off, moaning low and deep as Cam's cock slides past that perfect spot right inside her. "Oh god do that again." Her hips begin to speed up slightly, wanting to feel that again.

As soon as he hears that rise in her voice he knows he's doing something good, and he holds himself there and keeps hitting that spot. He moves faster and harder, hips meeting hers with every thrust. He loves how she goes tight around him and cries out just as she starts to come, and his own cries start to drown out her own when he feels his orgasm starting. The tingling in the base of his spine grows, his balls throb and tighten against his body, and everything feels swollen and tight and wet and primed for something deliciously strong.

Vala's orgasm is rocketing through her body; her arms jerk over her head as her hips dip and roll and her pussy pulsates around Cam's cock. She opens her mouth to tell him something but his hips jerk in, his own orgasm starting and all she can do is whimper and cry out as she jerks around him again.

He groans loudly, her name somehow at the base of that noise, and presses her down against the mattress while his cock jerks and floods the condom with come. It feels like it's never going to end, the way she's milking it out of him, the way her own orgasm makes his own seem to last forever.

When it's over and he's breathing like he's just run a marathon and starts to soften he still doesn't want to move away from her.

Her voice goes up right at the end, ending in a soft whimper as she finally relaxes and flomps back into the bed. "Oh wow," she whispers, her eyes closed and her mouth curling into a smile. "That was amazing Cam." Opening her eyes she looks up at him, completely happy.

His eyes are growing heavy lidded already but he rolls half off of her and yanks off the condom, shifting to drop it into the trash can by the bed. He moves back over to her immediately though, pulling her into his arms and resting his head on the pillow beside hers. "Yeah... sure was," he says, but the look in his eye makes it obvious that she's what made it amazing for him.

She smiles back widely at him and reaches out, cupping the side of his face and pulling him into a kiss. "Mm, yeah," is all she can respond with, her own mind equally blown to smithereens. Sitting up, she reaches down and grabs at the blankets on the bed and pulls them up and around her and Cam, snuggling under them.

"Was really, really good," she breathes again, laughing slightly. "Always is with you." Her smile softens as she gazes over at him, her eyes roaming slowly over his face, memorizing his features.

He props himself up on one arm and reaches out to touch her, pushing her hair back over her shoulder and then smoothing down the loose, curling locks. He makes sure the blanket is tucked up so she won't be chilled. He catches her staring at him and stares right back, lowering his head to the pillow beside hers. He starts to speak but kisses her instead, biting off the words against her tongue, not sure if it'll ruin the moment or not. The last thing he wants to do is send her running.

Vala smiles and kisses him back. She tucks herself very conveniently next to him, wrapping an arm around his waist and pull him closer. Her lips nuzzle at his and her tongue flicks out to twine with his.

"Glad I met you," he says. "Wish I could tell you... you're keeping me sane right now. Whole damn world is crazy and you're just... you make me smile and forget it for a while."

Vala frowns and reaches out to move her hand to cup Cam's face. "What's wrong Cam?" She asks softly, concern showing on her face.

He shakes his head. "No, nothing... that's not... I can't talk about it. Work stuff. But what I was trying to say is just... I'm glad I met you, Vala. I'm glad you're here with me."

"I'm glad you walked into the diner and let me flirt shamelessly with you and pick you up." She grins and rests her head under his chin.

"I think I was the one shamelessly flirting..." Cam grins at her, dimples flashing. "You knew why I kept showing up there every night."

"Of course," Vala replies smugly. "But if you want to go on and tell me anyways..." She trails off and beams at him.

He laughs and presses his mouth to hers. "I kept coming back because you were the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. Even with that little headband thing..."

"Stupid headband," she whispers, leaning in to kiss Cam again. "That works though, I thought you were the most attractive pilot I had seen. And I have seen quite a few of them." She rubs her nose against his, just breathing in the same air and enjoying the moment.

"Oh yeah?" Cam asks. He's always curious about what other people like to fly. "What kind of pilots have you known before? Though you said you hadn't been up before?"

He's also a little bit curious about what kind of guys Vala has dated before.

"No, I mean, they come into the diner." She shakes her head slightly, her sleepiness affecting her speech. "They came in from the same base you do but their uniforms look different."

"Right..." Cam says, then tries to veer away from that topic. "So when do I get to keep you for more than a night?"

"How long are you trying to keep me for?" Vala tries, replying with his question with one of her own. She's cautiously optimistic. She usually isn't very good with relationships and most of the time she doesn't care to be but right now with Cam, she wants to get this right, she wants to be that perfect girlfriend that she's seen on the television for him.

He thinks about it, weighing his words carefully. He decides to fall back on levity, with a hint of truth, and hope that she both understands and doesn't balk. "As long as you'll let me. But I'll start with a weekend, if he Sal can manage without you.

"Oh, a weekend," Vala murmurs, her tongue flicking out to lick her lips. "What sorts of damage could we get up to with that much time to ourselves?"

He keeps playing with her hair, watching her sleepy eyes. "I think we could come up with plenty to do in a weekend... go see a movie... I'll take you out somewhere to eat that doesn't have a mechanical bull..."

"Somewhere fancy?" She asks hopefully. She rests her hands under her cheek and looks up at Cam as he describes the kind of date they'd go on. "I want to dress up," she continues, making demands on his date parameters.

"I want to see you dressed up. Bet you turn heads, honey," he agrees. Sleep thickens his voice and he lets his eyes shut again for a few beats longer this time, visions of Vala in something fancy dancing in the back of his mind. "Scheduled to be on base through next Thursday..."

"The entire time?" Vala asks, the pout already evident in her voice. "I mean, you'll be able to come by the diner for dinner, right?" She scoots closer in bed to him, her fingers reaching out for him under the blankets. In the few short weeks since they met, Vala has really enjoyed his presence most evenings, its what she looks forward to most, like a pick me up at the end of each day.

"Of course," he says, letting her cuddle in closer again. "Don't think I could stay away if I tried. Being on base just means... means I'm still in Colorado Springs, not out traveling. Close enough to see you. Get my fix of that greasy gourmet."

Vala burst into her usual wide grin and leaned in closer to press her lips to his. "Good. Good, I like that." Her fingers closed around his bicep, securing herself to him as she nuzzled in closer and tucked her head under his chin. Her body fit tightly against his under the sheets.

"Long as Sal doesn't mind me hanging around trying to distract his best waitress," Cam says.

"I'm sure Betty will LOVE the distraction," Vala teases back, trying not to snicker.

"I need to remember to leave her a nice big tip next time. After all, she's the one that kept slipping me your half done crossword puzzles." He puts a hand on the small of her back, running his hand up and down her back, over the swell of her ass, dipping down between to feel heat and dampness.

"So that's where they kept sneaking off too--" her voice goes up at the end as Cameron's finger slides over her asshole.

He laughs, continuing his slow exploration of her.

"You're being very naughty," she breathes, smiling and pushing her ass back slightly against his hand.

He hesitates a little. He hadn't even realized what his hands were doing, but now that she's called attention to it he pauses. "That... okay? I can stop..."

"I like it. Its... Its naughty." She shivers against his body and presses closer wanting more.

"You said that already. But you like naughty, don't you?" Cam asks, because he already knows the answer to that. He presses in just slightly, teasing the tender flesh, and then he lets his finger slide down over the slick folds of her pussy. His reach is limited in this position but he can get two fingers in to the second knuckle, enough to tease.

"Fuck yeah," she breathes, squirming. Opening her legs, she wraps one around his hip.

"You were saying something, now weren't you?" He teases, seeing what his touch is doing to her. He lets two fingers explore her pussy slowly, the soft slick flesh under his fingertips, toying with the different textures and dipping inside every few seconds, while his thumb massages her asshole gently.

She groans and rides back against his hand, licking her lips and losing herself momentarily in the way his hand feels, touching her. "You trying to go again or you just trying to tease me?" She asks him, her voice strained and breathless.

He finds her hand and puts it on his cock, which is starting to wake up again, half hard. "Can't I do both?"

"Suppose you could be," she agrees, stroking him nice and slow, in time with his own fingers on her. They both lay there, fingers exploring and touching as their breathing gets faster.

"Then I guess that's what I'm doing," he says, kissing her softly. "What do you like, Vala? What gets you going?"

She waits until Cam's fingers have slipped back towards her ass before answering. "That," she breathes, her body shuddering. "That gets me going."

"Yeah?" His cock goes from hard to straining in her grasp. He slicks a finger in the wetness of her pussy and then presses it against her asshole, in to the first knuckle. "That? You like that?"

Vala can't form the words to answer properly. Her body arches into his and she lets out a long, low groan before pushing back on his finger to take more into her.

"Vala..." Cam kisses her again, open-mouthed and deep, while he starts to fuck her with one finger. "So tight, baby... that feel good?"

She nods emphatically and slides her body on top of his. "Fuck, yes it is," she breathes. She slides her pussy against the bottom of his cock, making him nice and slick and letting him feel how hot and wet she's getting.

"Oh... Christ... Vala..." He groans, grabbing her ass, feeling the motion of her cunt on him. She wiggles her bottom and he gets the message, pressing his finger back into her. "Grab a rubber... I wanna be inside you."

Leaning forward, Vala begins to dig through his nightstand until she finds the right box and grabs one. Tearing the package open, she pulls the condom out and slides back to roll it down onto him. She's breathing hard as she knee-walks back up his body and holds his cock in her fist so she can slide down hard onto him.

Her breasts are in perfect mouthing distance when she leans over him, and he doesn't hesitate to suck a nipple into his mouth. He doesn't complain about losing it when she backs away though because then he's inside her and his groan is loud and ragged. He's enveloped in warmth and he wants to move but Vala's got that look on her face like she's taking the reigns this time, and he's okay with that.

Her head falls back, eyes closing and mouth parted as she begins to ride him. Her back arches as she slides down just a bit more, taking him in a bit deeper than before.

He can't stop watching her face. She's not like any woman he's been with before. There's no hesitation, there's no self-consciousness. She knows what she wants and she chases it without shame.

That's really, really hot to Cam. He rocks into her as much as he can without upsetting their rhythm, her riding him and his finger in her.

Her hips begin to speed up around his cock, milking and working herself to her own orgasm. "Deeper, Cam," she demands, pushing her ass back against his hand.

"You like being... full?" He asks, the words working themselves out, spurred by her own freedom with telling him what she wants from him. "You want another one?"

She groans and leans forward, pressing her body against Cam's. "Yeah," she breathes. Her eyes lock with his and she grins.

"Hold on," he says, knowing he can't put two fingers in her without lube. He sits up awkwardly, his cock still in her, and leans his torso over the side of the bed for the little bottle in the second drawer of his nightstand.

He flops back against the bed and flips the cap open, sliding his fingers. Before he starts to fuck her ass again he finds her clit and rubs a bit, the lube making it almost frictionless. She whines though and he adds a little more lube and then presses two fingers into her ass slowly.

Vala's eyes cross at how good it feels and she quickly begins pressing back against him. "Oh fuck," she breathes, making her body relax and push past the momentary burn. She hasn't done something like this with anyone, hasn't felt the connection and complete sense of comfort as she does right now with Cam. She feels like she can ask him for anything, ask him to do anything and he'd just grin and double it.

He sees how much she's getting off on this and it makes him ache because if she like fingers this much... there's possibility there that just the thought of blows his mind. He needs to fuck and move so he starts to thrust into her, moving his fingers faster.

"Come on Cameron," she groans, working him faster with her hips. "Want you.... Want you there with me," she moaned.

"Oh," he says, laughing breathlessly, "I will be..."

His other hand palms her breast, twisting the nipple in his fingertips and then stroking upward, the curve of her shoulder, up her neck. His fingertips brush her jawline and then trace her lip.

She turns her head slightly to catch his finger in her mouth and sucks on it. Her hips begin to rock faster, one hand slipping down her body to rub at her own clit.

"Ohyeah... yeah, Vala... just like that..." He says, feeling her pulsing around his dick and his fingers, watching her flex and ride him expertly. "Touch yourself. Lemme see you do that."

"Look then," she growls and leans back, making a show for him as she gets off. She rides him hard and rubs her clit just right until she's orgasming, coming hard around his cock.

His fingers slip out of her ass and he has to grasp at her hips to keep her from going boneless. He rolls them over, but they're at an angle on the bed and his foot hits the floor - but that's fine, he can work with that. He rolls her onto her stomach and pulls her back until he's half kneeling and half standing, fucking her while he stares down at the smooth, pale expanse of her back, her hair in disarray. "Gonna come," he warns her, slamming into her.

"Do it," she groans, shoving back onto him. Her entire body is still vibrating from her own orgasm but she's focused single-mindedly on feeling Cam come inside her, hearing him cry out. "Do it Cam, do it, come on," she eggs him on, practically goading him.

"Gonna, oh fuck, it's gonna be good... I can feel it... Vala... Christ.... Vala!" He groans and shoves into her, dropping forward so that his forehead rests against her shoulder as he breathes through a very long, very intense orgasm. "... fuck..."

He pulls out gingerly, flopping onto his back beside her.

Vala has to take a moment to come down herself, having come a second time around Cam when he had. Breathing hard, she finally turns to her side and smiles at him, enjoying how boneless and sated he looks there on the bed. "Good then I take it?" She asks, her own breathless.

Chuckling softly, she reaches out and peels the condom off of Cam and tosses it into the trash can. With her eyes trained on Cam, she bends down and gently laps at his flaccid cock, cleaning off the bit of smeared come left.

"Don't think I can move," he says, his voice drowsy, but somehow he finds energy in him to gasp when her tongue touches the oversensitive tip of his cock. He's not even hard but the tremor runs through his body with searing pleasure/pain. His toes clench and he reaches for her, though he doesn't stop her. "Yeah. You definitely killed me."

"That would be very sad," she purrs as she finishes cleaning him off before crawling back up his body to curl against him. "I'd hate to not be able to do that again."

They're laying sideways across the bed now, and Cam's feet are still on the ground but he can't quite muster the energy to move just yet... at least not until Vala's mouth is off of him and certain damp parts are exposed to the cooler air. He scoots up the bed and pulls the covers over them, wrapping his arms around her and spooning against her from behind. He kisses her shoulder, letting his face rest there, and says sleepily, "That was hot as hell. Just so you know."

She giggles quietly and wraps her own arm on top of his, making sure he's holding her tightly. "Which part would that be?"

"All of it," he answers, kissing the back of her neck this time, his nose buried in her hair. "Do I need to set the alarm? You gotta be back early?"

She pauses to think about it before shaking her head. "No, I'll be fine." Sal may disagree but right now she'd like to enjoy sleeping in with Cam more than anything.

"I'll make us some breakfast then... my turn to cook again..." He yawns deeply and lets his eyes shut. "Goodnight, Vala."