“What are you - a wizard or a wuss?” Harry muttered to himself. “ You've got a wand, now get going!” With one last glance over his shoulder to see Snape begrudgingly take a swig from the bottle, Harry slowly walked up the stairs, lit wand at the ready.

A long corridor, and several more closed doors. With the stealth of one who had been the unlucky recipient of too many unpleasant surprises in his life, he entered and quickly scanned each room. To their luck, two doors hid a small but serviceable toilet and a large but slightly grimy looking bathroom. Harry took note of the large bathtub and grinned. Perhaps he'd finally be able to convince the snarky bastard to warm up in an environment more conducive to fun. Merlin knew the ignorant git hadn't picked up on Harry's more subtle come-ons.

The remaining two rooms were sparsely furnished with large beds and a few empty cupboards. With a wicked grin and a quick look over his shoulder, Harry transformed the furniture in one of the rooms into a pile of broken desks, chairs and other miscellania. Adding a few overfull boxes, he was pleased to note that it now looked like a spare room, full of junk and dust. That left one bedroom, and one bed. Even if he couldn't get Snape to sleep with him, he'd still get Snape to sleep with him - if he could convince the crotchety bastard it was too much of a hassle to rearrange the furniture.

He lit a fire in the bedroom to make it warm and inviting, and performed a few spells to sanitise the room. Making his way downstairs, he waved his wand in the general direction of the bathroom to clean it.

Snape stood motionless in front of the fire, still in his sodden robes.

“What are doing standing there, you git? I told you to take off your clothes.”

“Yes Master,” Snape replied and proceeded to strip.

Harry choked. “Master?”

Snape looked down at him with dreamy eyes. “Would you prefer - Sir? My Lord? Darling?”

“How much of that stuff did you drink?” Harry goggled at the bottle, which
was still three-quarters full. Snape continued to disrobe, soaking clothes dropped into a messy pile at his feet until he was completely naked.

“Does this please you, Master?” Snape asked, shivering slightly.

Harry gestured jerkily towards the roaring fire. “Go...stand...warm.”

Snape stood in front of the fire, stretching his blue-tipped fingers towards the blaze. Harry sidled up next to him, jaw dropping in confusion. “So, you...er. What's going on?”

Snape smiled slightly and stretched, evidently enjoying the heat. Harry watched as shadows and light played over the nude canvas of his skin.

“What do you wish to go on?”

The man would try the patience of a saint. “This doesn't sound like you, Snape. How do you feel?”

“Warmer. Hungry. Horny.”

Harry suppressed a squeak. He looked down at the Potions master’s groin and saw he was telling the truth. “I think you drank too much of that stuff, Snape.”

“Funnily enough, I don't seem to mind at this point,” Snape smirked.

“Why...why are you horny?” Harry asked breathlessly.

Snape cocked his head at the younger man. “Because you are here. Because I'm here. Because we're alone.”

Harry licked his lips.