ST: Coming of Age, part 2  The Dinner  (m/t) (oral, anal)

DISCLAIMER: The following story is FICTIONAL. It contains descriptions of sexual activities between a teenage boy and a man. If you are not over 18 years of age, or if you find this type of story offensive, or if viewing this material is illegal where you are, then please DO NOT READ IT  If you like it, please feel free to let me know. My email address is: JoshPrim1@aol.com. 

*********************************************************************

The time until Wednesday night went by very fast.  I had a good time roaming around NY during the day and my sister and I went to a Broadway show Tuesday night that I really enjoyed.

When Wednesday arrived, I began to get a little nervous.  I didnt know how to dress, but was afraid that the clothes I had brought with me might not be good enough and I didnt want to wear a suit shirt, so I bought a nice short sleeve shirt during the day and I found a neat short silver necklace that a lot of guys my age were wearing.  I thought it looked good against my rather pale white skin and made me feel sexy.  I made it home about 5 pm and, after a quick shower, was ready to go by a little after 5:30.  I decided to wait outside for Jon so that he wouldnt have to find a parking place.

Jon pulled up in an old Chevy a few minutes after 6 and I hopped in.

Hi Greg, good to see you, Jon said as he patted me on the leg.  Its great that you were able to come to dinner tonight.  I was really hoping Id be able to see you again while youre here.  You look really good, he continued.  Nice shirt  plus I love the necklace, it really makes your neck look very sexy.

He drove for a while through the streets of Brooklyn, pointing out a few places here and there while he drove.  Then he said:

Theres one thing I have to ask you.  Are you ok after last weekend?  Theres one thing funny about having sex with another person.  Youre never sure how theyre going to feel about you the next day or two.  Are you ok with me? No regrets?

I looked at him, noticing the worried look on his face.  No, Im fine, Jon.  I really appreciate your opening my eyes,  even my world for me.  I feel different somehow, but Im ok with it.  I feel somehow older, more mature in such a short time.  I probably should thank you  really, I mean it.

Thats wonderful, Greg, he replied.  His hand returned to my leg, rubbing it.

I hope you enjoy tonight, Greg.  Both of these guys are really fun and I think youll like them.  Theyre both gay and it will be interesting to see how you get along with them.  Paul is a little older than me by about a year.    He can get carried away sometimes though and be rather open about some things, saying things that you might find surprising or shocking.  Just go with it  Pauls got a good heart and he never says anything to hurt anyone.  And I think youll really enjoy Ronny.  Ronny grew up here and really knows the city.  Hes 18 which I think is a year older than you.  His parents kept giving him grief about his lifestyle, so Paul let him move in with him.  Ronnys a very amusing, fun-loving kid  plus hes very, very sexy  Jon laughed softly as if remembering something about Ronny.

I spread my legs slightly, enjoying Jons hand on them.  He shifted his hand until it was on my crotch, continuing to rub.  It felt so good, but I had to reach into my pants and straighten out my dick cause it was getting hard.

I do have to warn you though about us gay guys, Greg.  Sex is something very natural to us and were much more open about it than heterosexuals.  Both of these guys are going to be blown away by you and your looks and theyre both going to want to have sex with you.  If it makes you uncomfortable, let me know and I can take you home.  On the other hand, if you want to broaden your horizons  , Jon stopped talking for a second and chuckled, this will be an excellent opportunity for you to do it and youd probably have a lot of fun.

Well, were here.  Now lets see if I can find a parking place.

We found a place about a block away and then walked to the apartment house where Jons friends lived.  We went up the stairs to the second floor to the first door on the right.  Jon knocked and a few seconds later it opened.

The man in the doorway was bigger than Jon and more muscular.  He had very well muscled forearms and I bet the rest of him looked very strong too.  His shirt fit tightly across his chest and outlined his pecs, leaving little to the imagination.

Paul had opened the door and greeted his visitors.  Paul looked over the boy Jon had brought to dinner.  The boy was very cute, plus he was slim, but probably not an athlete.  He had the kind of lankiness that Paul had always found very sexy.  The boys hair was a little shaggy and he had short bangs that emphasized his youthfulness.  The boys lips were also very full and Paul knew he would like very much to kiss them.

 Jon introduced him, Greg, this is Paul.  

Hi Greg  wow!  Jon said you were cute, but he didnt say you were so awesome!  And Jon got your cherry, the lucky bastard!  How many is that now, Jon?  Seven or eight?

Cut it out, Paul.  Youre embarassing Greg  not to mention me.  And its nine if youre keeping count.

We stood around for a few minutes and joked and chatted.  I looked over at Ronny who was standing next to Paul and liked what I saw.  He was a couple of inches shorter than me but very cute.  He may have been slightly older but he had one of those faces that made him look about 16.

Dinners just about ready,  Paul said, I hope youll like it, Greg.  Ronnie and I have been slaving over it for almost an hour getting it ready!, he chuckled.  Neither of us are great cooks, but we have a lot of fun messing around in the kitchen.

We laughed at that and walked over to the table which was set for the 4 of us.

Paul and Ronny went into the kitchen and then were back out shortly with plates full of spaghetti and a bowl full of salad.  We all sat down and the salad was passed to each of us.  Paul got up again and went back out into the kitchen and came back with  a bottle of red wine.

Alright, who wants wine, he smiled.  We all raised our hands.

He chuckled.  Well, Jon, can have some  after all he bought it.  But you boys are going to have to do something special to get any.  He seemed to think for a second.  I know!  You can have as much wine as want  if you eat dinner without your shirts on!

Ronny looked at me and I looked at him. Damn, he said, I definitely want some wine - so no problem!  He quickly took his shirt off revealing a smooth boyish chest.  I really liked the look of him and the trail of hair going from his navel into his pants really turned me on.  Ronny held out his glass and Paul promptly filled it.

Alright, Greg, what about you? Do you want some?

I didnt want to be the only one without wine  and if Ronny didnt mind, I guess I wouldnt either, so I slowly pulled my shirt off.

Undershirt too, Greg, Paul told me.

I pulled it off over my head and sat back down.

Very nice, Greg.  I like that necklace on you, it looks great against your skin, Paul said as he filled my glass and poured for himself and Jon before sitting down.

The spaghetti was very good and the wine was great.  Im afraid I must have had 3 or 4 glasses before dinner was over and I was feeling very happy.  During dinner, I had told Paul and Ronny about myself and my trip out and how much I had enjoyed it.  Ronny talked some about he had come to live with Paul and how much better it was away from his family.  When we finished, everyone took their dishes out to the kitchen and Ronny and I volunteered to do the washing.

OK, Greg, you want to wash or dry? Ronny asked.

Doesnt matter to me, I replied, looking around the small kitchen.

Good, I hate to wash! Ronny smiled, You get to do it  heres the soap.

So we got to work cleaning the dishes.  I made up some hot soapy water and plunged the dishes and silverware into it.  

Paul put on some Latin music in the other room and Ronny and I danced to it while we were washing and drying, laughing and moving our bodies sexily to the music while we worked.

We were almost done when Paul danced into the kitchen to see how we were doing.  He stood behind us, watching for a few minutes, lost in the image of our asses swaying to the beat.

Then he moved up behind me, placed his hands on my shoulders, and moved his body closer and closer to mine in time to the music.  He molded his pelvis against me and we swayed together.  I could feel his cock harden against my ass, his body and mine locked in rhythm together.

He brought his lips close to my ear and said softly, Im going to FUCK you tonight Greg.  Im going to FUCK you so good that your hot ass will remember it for the rest of your life.  Each time I thrust my hard dick up into you, your boy pussy is going to love every second of it and youre going to want it to go on forever and ever."

His hands moved down from my shoulders and over my chest, pinching my nipples and caressing my abs, making me shiver with passion.  I pressed my ass back into him and felt his hard cock pulse against me.  My own cock grew harder and harder and I knew it wouldnt take much more of this to get it harder than iron.

His hands moved back up and pinched my nipples again, harder this time, and he  leaned closer and licked my ear lobe, pulling me even closer at the same time.

Ronny was watching with a smile on his face, enjoying the affect that Pauls loving was having on me.

Oh yeah, baby  youre one hot sex machine, arent you?, Paul murmured in my ear.  Lets see just how hot you are.

He opened my belt from behind and pushed a hand into my pants, sliding it down under my briefs, his fingers finding my erect cock and caressing the shaft.  I moaned.

He pushed down my pants and briefs until they fell to my feet.  Then he grabbed my hips and turned me around, squatting at the same time.  My hard cock was right in his face now.  He looked up at me, smiling slightly, and without a word, he slid his lips over my cockhead.  He pulled on my hips and my cock sank deep into his mouth.

I could feel his tongue washing all around my shaft and then he began rubbing his tongue on my shaft, just under the head.  At the same time, he was holding my ass and making me move it back and forth.  I got the hint and started fucking his mouth, my hands steadying myself on his head.

Jon walked into the kitchen then and said, Hey, what am I missing? And then quietly, Oh, I see.  He and Ronny stood silently and watched the show.

Pauls mouth was so smooth and hot, sliding up and down my hard cock.  I watched it going in and out of my mouth and I knew I would last too long, because his mouth and tongue were giving me feelings I had never even imagined before.  Paul moved his hands up while he continued to suck on me and started twisting my nipples.  Thats all it took for me to start cumming.  My sperm boiled up my balls and shot into his hot mouth.  His cheeks went in and out and you could see him swallowing my warm cum as it filled his mouth and then went down his throat.  

I shuddered as I shot the last of my cum into his sucking mouth and almost collapsed on him, but Jon held me up as Paul sucked the last of my cum from me.  He stood up then and french kissed me and I could taste my cum on his tongue.  That was really nice, Greg.  Best after dinner drink Ive ever had!

Jon laughed, I see youve gotten better acquainted with Paul, Greg!  It looked like you really enjoyed that!!

I sheepishly smiled.  That was AMAZING!!!  I cant believe he did that!  It was awesome!

I started to pull up my pants, but Paul held them down.  No need for those now, Greg.  Youve got a great body and Im sure wed all like to be able to look at it the rest of the evening!, he laughed.

We finished cleaning up the kitchen and all went out into the living room.  Paul turned on the TV and we watched a wrestling show where two hunky guys were trying to pin each other.  They werent bad looking, but I wish theyd been younger.

You know, Greg, Jon said, in early Greece, where the Olympics are from, guys used to do all their sporting events in the nude, even wrestling.  I bet it was a great sight to see, those hot oiled bodies grabbing each other and trying to pin someone to the mat.

I know just what Id use to pin them with too!, Paul joked.

I looked over at Ronny, smiling, Hey Ronny, lets wrestle Greek style!

Ronny quickly pulled off the rest of his clothes and we fell on the floor and started wrestling with each other.  We wrestled all over the living room floor, knocking against furniture, both grunting and laughing at the same time.  Our bodies rubbed against each other and about every minute, one of us would grab the others balls or cock and give them a yank.  We tried several different holds on each other and I came close to pinning him a couple times.  I thought I had him once and he grabbed my head and pulled it down and gave me a really passionate kiss and I had to let him go just so I could breathe.

We were both out of breath and I finally got him down on his back and was sitting on his legs.  We were both smiling and I was enjoying my triumph over this hot, sexy kid.  I got on my knees and leaned over and kissed his cute face on both cheeks and then his lips.  He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me down and gave me a slow, passionate kiss, our tongues playing with each other.  He spread his legs further and then raised them and wrapped them around my waist.  Our cocks, which were already semi-hard, rubbed against each other and I moved my hips back and forth increasing the feeling.

I kissed his neck and down his chest.  His nipples were hard and I licked around the brown patch around them and then sucked on each of them lightly, using my tongue on them and they hardened.  He moaned and held my face in place so that I could suck on them more thoroughly.

Jon and Paul had been quietly sitting on the couch, enjoying the sight of our young teen bodies.  I had almost forgotten they were there when Paul said with a smile, Ah, I see were finally getting somewhere.

I moved back up to his face and we lay there, our hard cocks rubbing against each other.  Ronny had this expectant look on his face and was rubbing the heels of his feet against my ass.  He reached down and took my cockshaft in his hand and rubbed the head, coating it with my precum.  Then he slid up a little and forced my cock past his dick and under his balls until it was pressed up against his crack.  I looked down at him into his eyes.  Id never fucked anyone before and thats what it seemed I was about to do!

Jon got up and moved over by us, Hold on a second, Greg.  Put Ronnys legs on your shoulders first.  Thatll make it a better angle and easier for both of you.

I grabbed Ronnys ankles and lifted them up until they were resting on my shoulders.  I could feel his ass raise up further and my cock seemed to nestle against his puckered hole.  Ronny moaned as I pushed my hips forward and my cock started spreading his  ass ring.  I kept on pressing and my cockhead slipped in.  He must have been lubed already because it felt very slick to me.  He grunted  and shifted his hips up a little and his asshole took another inch or two of me into him.

Jon urged me on, Go ahead, Greg, fuck him, fuck him!  He really wants it.  Ronny loves a good fucking!

I pushed and felt my cock slide into him further.  Ronny did want it cause he was pushing back.  It felt unbelievably good as my whole shaft slid into his ass.  It was wrapped around my cock so tightly and snugly that I would have cum right away if I hadnt already had that bj earlier.

Paul was standing now next to Jon and they were both watching us and quietly talking to each other.  We ignored them.

I pulled out slightly and slid right back in, it felt so good.  I started making longer, faster strokes and you could hear the sucking sound of his ass each time on each of my out strokes.  My hips just sort of took over and our fucking grew hotter and faster.

Wow, Jon, Paul exclaimed.  Do we look THAT good when were fucking, Jon?  Look at those great bodies going at it!!

You have be young and slim, Paul, Jon replied softly.  Yeh, they do look very, very hot together.

Ronny and I were lost in each other.  I could tell he was enjoying it as much as I was cause his hips met each of my thrusts and his moans and soft cries made me even hotter if that was possible.

I could feel myself getting close and I increased my tempos with faster, shorter and deeper strokes.  My eyes seemed to glaze over and all I could think of was how it kept feeling better and better.  I slammed into him a few more times before I felt my orgasm coming and I held my cock as deep in him as I could as I shot my sperm into his insides.  It seemed to last a long time before my balls were drained.  I found I had my eyes closed and opened them to look down and see Ronny's grinning face.  I leaned down and kissed him.  He wrapped his legs around me and held me in him while we kissed.

Thanks, he said softly.  That was wonderful.

We lay there together, me on top of him, for several minutes before we separated.  Jon handed both of us towels and we wiped ourselves off and then headed into the kitchen and got some drinks.

When we came back out in the living room, Paul and Jon were sitting next to each other and chatting about something, occasionally looking at me.  Both of them were naked now and Paul had his hand in Jons lap and was playing with Jons semi-hard cock.  It was clear the evening wasnt over yet.  I was familiar with Jons cock of course, but I hadnt seen Pauls before.  It was larger than Jons, and would probably be a little over 8 when it was hard.  It was thicker and had a large flared, almost purple head.  I would have liked to look at it closer, but Paul got up and went into the bathroom saying hed be back in a few minutes.

Jon looked at Ronny. He got a half grin on his face as he looked at the young teens lean body.

Hey Ronny, come over here.  Lets have some fun and put on a show for Greg.  That is if he didnt wear you out!

Ronny smiled and winked at me and then went over to Jon and sat beside him.  Jon leaned over and kissed Ronny and Ronny kissed him back.  Ronny moved his hand over to Jons crotch and began stroking Jons already hard cock.

I stood there by the dinner table and leaned over the back of a chair and watched.

They sat there kissing for a while and then Ronny got on his knees and straddled Jon while they continued kissing.  He took Jons cock and rubbed it against his ass and then raised up and positioned himself over it and slowly lowered himself.

I saw Jons hard cock slowly disappear into Ronnys boy hole as Ronny lowered himself further and further.  What a sight that was!  I had never seen anyone get fucked before and Jon and Ronny were going to do it right in front of me!

I was lost in the wonder and eroticism of the scene when I sensed Paul move up behind me.

Thats quite a sight, isnt it Greg.  You know what Ronnys feeling, dont you, Greg.  After all, you had Jons cock inside you just a few days ago.  You like what youre seeing?

I nodded, not able to take my eyes off the fucking couple.

Ronny really likes a hard cock inside of him, he just cant seem to get enough.  I already fucked him once this morning and again this afternoon.  And then you did him and now Jon.  Look at the expression on his face, Greg, the kids in heaven.

I nodded again.

Why dont you just stand there and watch, Greg, and Ill see what I can do to get you even more turned on.

Paul ran his hands over my back, pressing up against me.  I could feel his cock against me and it felt good.  

He kissed the back of my neck and then on down my spine until he was on his knees.  He kissed my ass in several places and then he used his hands to spread my ass cheeks further apart and he licked up and down my crack.

It felt good, but it wasnt until I felt the tip of his tongue licking my asshole that I really started to get turned on more.

What are you doing, Paul?!, I murmured.

Dont worry about it, just keep watching them and Ill take care of you and show you a good time.

He spread my cheeks further and I could feel him pushing his tongue into my hole.  He was using lots of spit and I could feel it getting really wet down there.  Then I felt a finger touch my hole.  It felt very greasy and Paul was able to slowly push it into me.  I pushed back and it went in deeper.  He pushed it in and out several times and then took it out.  But a second or two later he was pushing it in again and it felt even slipperier.   He repeated this several times and then it felt like he was pushing in 2 or 3 fingers.

I was still watching Jon and Ronny fuck on the couch.  Ronny was still on Jons lap but he had turned around and Jon had ahold of his hips and was raising him up and down on his slick cock.  Ronny was moaning and making soft squealing noises each time Jons cock went deep into him.  One of Jons hands was caressing Ronnys chest and the other was slowly jacking Ronnys stiff cock.

Paul got up on his feet behind me and wrapped his arms around me.  He pulled me back a little, and bent me over further so that I was leaning over the chair more.

I could feel his large cock rubbing against my ass and he spread my legs a little farther apart.

Alright Greg, its time.  I think youre going to enjoy this.  And I could feel the pressure against my asshole as he pushed his cock against it.

I was so excited at watching Jon and Ronny fuck that I wanted it too.  Paul held my hips tight as his cock found my opening and made its way into me.  I could feel it get just past my ass ring before it began to hurt some.

Take it easy, Paul, I begged, its starting to hurt!

Just relax, Greg, Ill take it slow for you  but Ive got to have that cute ass of yours!  Just relax, kid, youre too tense.

He held it in me for a minute until he felt me relax and then he pushed it in until it was about half in.

It sure felt big, but it felt good too!  I wiggled my ass a little and he pulled out a little and then started fucking me with short strokes.  I could feel him going a little deeper each time and it wasnt long before I felt his balls hitting mine.

Yeh, boy!, Paul cried, Thats it, move that teen ass for me.

Paul was now going so deep that each time he went in, I could feel him rubbing against something.  Each time it hit it, I got an erotic jolt so strong that I moaned or cried.  My dick which had been soft when he started was beginning to stand up again.

Jon grunted and groaned and I looked at his face and I could tell he was shooting his sperm deep inside Ronny.  Ronny was moaning and a second later, Jons stroking brought him off and his cum shot onto his stomach and Jons hands.  It almost made me forget what was happening to me, but not quite.  

Paul was going faster and faster and grunting each time he sank himself all the way into me.  I was sweating now and very turned on.  I almost couldnt wait for his cock to drive into me again, it was that bad.  I started pushing my ass back at him each time he thrust into me.

He was fucking me so hard now that he was moving the chair and me a foot or two with each stroke.

Oh God, Greg! I love your ass! Paul exclaimed as he drove into me again and again.

He grabbed my upper body and stood me up at an angle and pushed the chair out of the way and he kept fucking and pushing me until my hands were up against the wall.

Then his fingers found my nipples and he started twisting them until they hurt.  I couldnt take anymore, the pain and pleasure was too great!  I groaned and cried out as the sperm shot out of my cock onto the wall and I almost passed out from the orgasm. There wasnt much cum fortunately because I had already shot off twice before and my body only had so much.

Paul was lost in what he was doing too and I dont think he noticed me cumming because he kept fucking me as hard as he could.  Almost before I had stopped cumming, he let out a roar and slammed into my ass really hard and held my hips tight against him.  I could tell by his heavy breathing and the pulsing in my ass that he was cumming too.  His hot sperm was shooting deep into my bowels.  I couldnt feel much, but I knew that I was getting a really big load in me.

We must have leaned against the wall for a couple of minutes, catching our breath, before he backed off, his cock making a soft popping sound as it came out of me.

We both collapsed into chairs, with Jon hurriedly putting a towel on the chair before I could sit down.  It was a good thing too, because I could feel Pauls cum starting  to drip out of me.

We sat and talked a little while longer before Jon said he thought hed probably better get me back to my sisters before it got too late.

We dressed and then left.  Both Paul and Ronny kissed me and said theyd really enjoyed the evening.  I did too.  It was amazing! I wish I could come back!

It was a quiet drive back to my sisters.  Jon was able to find a parking space near her apartment and we sat in the car and talked for awhile.

So, Greg, are you going to be alright?  The last few days have been really different for you, Im sure, Jon chuckled.

I think so, Jon, but I dont know what Im going to do when I get home.  I dont know anybody who I can have fun with like we did tonight.  I frowned.

There are places you can go, Greg, to meet guys.  Youre too young to go to clubs of course, but you can join a gym, go to the beach and hang around a lot.  With your looks, there will be lots of guys who will come on to you.

He thought for a minute.  But stay away from the guys that are much older than you, dont encourage them.  Youll be better off with guys closer to your own age.  The older guys might be into scenes that you wouldnt be comfortable with and which you wouldnt understand.

Oh, and another thing, Greg, he added.  In the future, always use some protection.  I know we didnt tonight, but I think were all clean.  But you dont want to get VD.  Sure they have drugs now that can cure most of it, but its downright embarassing to have to go into some doctors office and explain how you got it!

He fondled my crotch, making me harden a little, and then leaned over and kissed me.

Take care, Greg, I know Im going to miss you.  Please write once in a while and let me know how youre doing.  And if Im ever out in California, Ill try to look you up.

He kissed me on the lips for a minute and then I got out of the car and watched him drive away.  I felt a loss inside but I really felt that maybe Id see Jon again someday.




Im always eager to hear comments about my stories.  Feel free to email me at joshprim1@aol.com.  Id love to hear what you think.



