They spent a moment eyeing one another, she and Mr. Kim Junsu. She took a step forward, and the boy--now without the scarf--surged up off the couch. She turned to look at him, but his eyes were on the boy across the room.

"He's here to make sure you don't try to touch me," the now-out-of-the-spotlight voice came from across the room.

Oookay. George stepped back again, and Scarf-boy relaxed.

Perfect-boy turned in his chair. "We have work to do tonight," he began, all luster and show gone from his voice as well.

"You have a concert to do, I get that," George said.

"No, not quite, you don't." Scarf-boy's voice was deeper and smokier than she'd anticipated when cameras were off.

"I can't sing without my soul," Mr. Kim Junsu said.

Ah. So they'd made her. She looked at Scarf-boy. "Who are you?"

Perfect-boy laughed. "You just sat through our press conference. Not paying attention?"

"Jay," Scarf-boy chided, then addressed her. "You're welcome to watch the concert. Enjoy yourself. But," he looked at Kim, "You don't touch him until he's ready."

George had never been dictated to by her reap. Of course, she'd never met another human being who could destroy gravelings. "Deal," she told them, "Provided you and I," she looked at Scarf-boy, "Get to chat."

He looked at Kim for a long moment, then said, "You have my word." He stepped behind her, opened the door, and held out his hand. "Your ID," he requested. She handed it to him, and he pulled out a pen and wrote something on it, handed it back. "This gets you anywhere."

George glanced back over her shoulder. Jay had gone back to his mirror, and Kim stood with arms still crossed, watching her. He looked away, and she nodded at Scarf-boy. "See you later," was all she could say before the door closed behind her.

Her usher was waiting nervously when she got back to the conference room. He must have thought she wandered away, because when he saw her, he looked far too relieved. She held out the ID before he could say anything.

"Just a little good will between artist and press," she offered when he looked stunned. She could tell he was re-evaluating her position.

"Very impressive," was all he said, but he bowed and escorted her out of the conference room. There was another waiting room for VIP's, more of a lounge with drinks and hors d'oeuvres. She had some champagne and sushi, and then found her usher and asked to find her seat.

The hall was set up for a few thousand people, far fewer than she'd seen waiting outside. She put her things down, and sat back to wait for the place to fill and the show to begin. It was a little like people watching at Der Waffle House, but in more languages, brighter colors, and anticipation that reminded her of holidays. Whoever these guys were, they had very...avid fans.

At last, the lights went down. A noise like nothing George had ever heard filled the hall. It took her brain a full ten seconds to realize it was a scream, multiplied to levels she'd previously never imagined. The music came up, and the boys appeared. The noise was beyond deafening.

To her surprise, the lyrics were in English. She was very close to the stage, and had a very good view of both the performance and the audience. Somewhere between pop, rap, and trance, she found another level of appreciation for the boy with the scarf. And somewhere near the bridge, he found her eyes and pointed.

Your heart is gone, my heart is strong
Leave me alone, leave me alone

She turned to where he pointed--just above the stage--and saw to her shock not one, but three gravelings crawling the beams holding the lighting. She'd seen gravelings drunk, mischievous, and angry, but these...Holy shit. These gravelings were War-Bound.

Again, she found herself looking for stairs, but before she could figure how to even get near the stage, there was a gust of power that she recognized as surely as she still lived; it tingled up her spine and brought a strange kind of sting to her eyes. It was the same as she'd knew when she first took out Ray's graveling, the same as when she watched Betty jump off the cliff. And it came from her reap.

Kim was dancing in the dark, the other two closely mirroring him, and at the end of the bridge, just before the lasers froze and the beat returned, she saw the three boys touch, and the finger of power shot like a wave, riding Jay's voice. There was an explosion above the stage as the lights came back up, and the three shouted in what she could only describe as a victory cry. They, their dancers, their fans pounded the stage and hall with their feet and the dust from the graveling's death fell softly like glitter, forgotten as the energy rose to even new levels.

She felt like a stone in a raging ocean. George could feel what was happening all around her, but she was stock still, her reaper soul keeping her untouched by the full thrall of the wave of energy. The song ended, and the lights went down, but the power stayed, bouying now the voices and bodies of the crowd. She wrapped her stillness tighter, watching as, song after song, the three boys demonstrated abilities that she had been unprepared to encounter.

Two of them, Scarf-boy and Jay, would occassionally reach down and touch the hand of a member of the audience, sometimes slight, sometimes prolonged. There was light when this happened, just a fine ripple that she could see transfered between hands. At first she wondered if they were taking souls and if she should be preparing for a building collapse. It took her another few seconds to realize they were giving something of themselves to those they reached out to.

At her count, ten gravelings met their deaths. Perhaps one hundred hands were touched. Thousands more were affected in ways she didn't know how to catalog.

It was a short concert, ending long before anyone in the audience seemed ready. And no wonder, she thought, with that display of power. She looked around at the tearful, cheering, chanting faces near her, and did wonder how many of them could consciously sense what had happened there that night.

Eventually, however, the hall began to clear out. Her usher found her once again, and asked where she wanted to go next.

"Mr. Kim's dressingroom," she told him, then added, "If he'll see me."

The usher hesitated for a moment, and she held up the ID again with scarf-boy's writing on it. He bowed and turned to lead her backstage.

There were dancers and crew and staff scattered all about, most in a celebratory mood after their performance. The three were nowhere to be seen. Her usher excused himself and went to quietly inquire for her with a woman holding a clipboard next to a rack of clothing, some of which George recognized from the show. The woman eyed George when the usher indicated her, but she apparently told him what he needed to know, because he thanked her and bowed and returned to George's side.

"They are in their dressingroom," he affirmed for her, moving quickly down the hall and around a corner to a door George had gone through earlier that night. He hesitated only a fraction of a second, but she understood much better now why these three held command and dignity she'd never accorded pop stars. The door opened just a bit and the usher bowed, indicating her. It was Jay who stuck his head out and saw her.

"Thank you," he told the usher, and George gave the man a wave as he backed down the hall. Jay glanced behind him into the dressingroom, then stepped out into the hall, shutting the door. He was in ripped jeans and a tank top, make-up wiped away, but hair still perfectly in place. George thought he looked exactly and nothing like any rock star she'd ever seen. He studied her face for a moment, biting on his lip, then said, "You enjoyed the show?"

George found herself smiling at how normal he seemed now, especially after that performance. "It was incredible," she told him. "Not at all what I was expecting."

A grin blossomed in his eyes, and his mouth smiled back at her. "Good." He turned to open the door again. "Maybe you'll turn out to be not at all what we're expecting as well," and with that he went into the room, and held the door for her to follow.

When she entered the dressingroom, the first thing she saw was the other two locked in an embrace that made her blush and want to cry at the same time. She quickly looked away, and they separated, Kim turning his back to wipe at his face, Scarf-boy turning to face her fully, tears running freely down his cheeks. He too had changed, wearing only a thin t-shirt and black jeans, feet bare.

He came over to her, touched her arm, took her things from her hands and laid them aside. "Not until he's ready," he reminded her softly, taking her hands in his and squeezing. She could feel his soul trembling under her fingers like a pulse.

"My word," she echoed him earlier. He bowed his head and new tears ran down his face as he looked up again.

"I'll find you after," he whispered. "For our chat."

"I'll leave my hotel information," she offered, and he nodded.

"Thank you." He looked behind him one last time, but Kim was still turned away. Jay came over and took him by the shoulder.

"Chun," he whispered. "It's time to go." Scarf-boy--Chun--nodded, and let himself be led out the door.

Kim turned just before it was shut. "Tell them," he started, but that seemed to be all he needed to say.

"They know," Jay told him softly. "We love you, Kim Junsu," he said, and shut the door.

Kim took a deep breath and closed his eyes. Then he walked right toward her. It was the most powerful thing George had seen him do all night.

"I'm ready," he told her, and held out his hand.