Jared walked into the diner and froze at the sight of all the Valentine's decorations. "Fucking awesome."

Tony walked up the block, an arm over Jensen's shoulders. "Thanks for being willing to let Jay tag along tonight. I know it's a lot to ask, Jen. He's going through a rough time right now."

Jensen leaned into Tony's side with a grin. "No worries. I'm okay with sharing you for dinner." He nipped at Tony's ear. "Just not for anything later."

Tony laughed and hugged Jensen closer. "Thanks, babe. You're the best." He opened the door for them both when they reached the diner.

Jared turned when the door opened behind him and widened his eyes when Tony walked in with his boyfriend- Jensen Ackles. "Oh fucking awesome," he muttered, wondering if they would notice if he ran for the fire exit.

Laughing, Jensen curled into Tony. "You've got a great heart wanting to help him out." He kissed Tony's lips briefly before pulling back and turning to smile at the woman approaching them. "Dinner for Moretti," he said to her.

She glanced over the list in front of her and nodded. "The other person in your party is already here."

Jensen turned, his smile freezing on his lips. "Jay?"

Tony walked over to greet Jared. "Jared, my man, how are you?" He bumped shoulders with him and patted him on the back. He turned back to Jensen, eyebrows raised at his boyfriend. "You two know each other?"

"Hey, Tony," Jared said with a forced smile. His face went flat as he turned to Jensen. "We went to high school together. He was the most popular boy in school."

Jensen would laugh at the irony if he thought it would do any good. "And Jared was always a good kid...a good guy. We met up again a couple of years ago at one of the LGBT events on campus."

Tony chuckled and tucked Jensen into his side again. "Of course you were, babe. Shall we sit down?"

Jared scuffed his toe against the floor. "I- uh, this is a bad idea. I mean, I don't want to ruin your night. What kind of fun is it to spend your Valentine's with a third wheel?" He began to back away.

"It's okay, Jared," Jensen said. "I meant it when I told Tony that I was happy to have any friend of his have dinner with us, but I don't want you to be uncomfortable."

Tony nodded and said, "Come on, Jay, you shouldn't be alone tonight. What with the way things ended between you and Rick..."

Jared grimaced, lips pulling back in a near sneer. He really wished Tony hadn't said that in front of Jensen. "Yeah, uh, I'm going to go now."

Jensen sighed, knowing he was the reason that Jared was so uncomfortable. "Jay, you really don't have to go...why don't we all just have dinner? We can talk about the team, school, whatever you want."

Jared shook his head and said, "Nah, that's all right. You two have a nice Valentine's Day. I mean, that's what it’s for, right?"

Tony released Jensen and stepped forward to grab Jared by a shoulder. "Dude, we'd be sucky friends to let you go now."

"Valentine's is supposed to be about being with people you care about," Jensen said with a shy smile. "And I know that you mean a lot to Tony, and it'd mean a lot to us if you stayed."

Jared shifted uneasily a few times, looking between them and then sighed. "I could eat."

"Awesome," Tony said, slapping Jared on the shoulder. "You won't regret it, Jay."

Jensen smiled again and turned back to the hostess. "I think we're ready...and it's just us," he said.

"The happy couple and the loser," Jared said.

"Hey, you're not a loser," Tony said, punching Jared in the shoulder. "Rick is a douchebag."

Jensen nodded, though he didn't know anything about Rick. He followed the hostess to their booth, slid in first and grabbed his menu.

Jared slid in across from the happy couple and made sure his legs didn't touch either of the other men. He picked up his menu and stared at all the choices, not seeing any of them. And that was a bad sign.

"I'm just saying, anybody who'd cheat on you with another friend is a douchebag," Tony said, completely missing the way Jared slumped even further behind his menu.

Nudging Tony, Jensen arched an eyebrow and shook his head slightly. He had to admit that he was more than a bit surprised that someone would cheat on Jared. "I was thinking about the steak. They actually do a pretty decent one for a diner. Anything you think looks good, Jay?"

Tony bit his tongue and looked sheepish. He smiled encouragingly at Jared. "Yeah, you like steak, Jay."

Jared shook his head and said, "I'm not really hungry. Maybe a salad or something..."

Jensen blinked and looked back at his menu, checking out the salads and not understanding why anyone would go for one of them as a meal. "There's always dessert, too. What do you want, Tony?"

Tony hemmed and hawed over the menu and said, "I want the chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes. Maybe an appetizer."

Jared smiled a little and set his menu aside. "Hey, uh, maybe I will duck out. I just can't find anything I want to eat. Maybe a bottle of whiskey."

Grabbing Tony's hand under the table, Jensen squeezed it to keep him quiet. "If you really want to leave, Jay, we won't force you to stay. That's not being supportive either, but you don't have to leave unless you want to."

"I know. I just don't think I can do this. It's all too recent." Jared chuckled hollowly. "Can't believe I wasted so long on my relationship with him."

Jensen nodded. "For what it's worth, I'm sorry, Jay, and you know, if you ever just want some friends to hang out with, you're welcome at our place."

Tony nodded eagerly and said, "Anytime you want, Jay. We're here for you, man."

Jared smiled at them both, knowing he would never take them up on it. Jensen Ackles... the world really hated him right now. "Have a good Valentine's day. And hey, uh, I'm glad for the both of you... good luck, ya know?"

"Thanks, Jay," Jensen said. "That means a lot. Take care of yourself tonight, okay?""

"Uh, no offense, but my plan is to get smashed and wake up with my head splitting in two," Jared said with a dry laugh.

Tony frowned and said, "Hey, just take it easy with that, man. We've got sports next week."

Jensen nodded and made a mental note to have Tony go around to check on Jared in the morning. "Just, have some water with your booze."

"Yeah, sorry for bringing down your evening... again," Jared said, looking into Jensen's eyes. He stood and waved his hand at them. "Have a nice Valentine's."

"I'm sorry, Jay," Jensen said, standing up and reaching out to squeeze Jared's arm before he walked away. "We're here if you need us."

Jared looked at Jensen again and said, "Thanks, man." He glanced over at Tony. "He's a good guy. You're lucky, Jensen." He patted Jensen on the arm and moved away. "Goodbye."

Jensen felt the barest stab of regret for lost chances and bad timing, but smiled when he sat down next to Tony. He watched Jared walk out of the diner and gave all of his attention to his boyfriend. "I'm glad you invited him even if he didn't stay, Tony. You should check in on him tomorrow...make sure he doesn't get too drunk."

Tony blinked at Jensen and then kissed him. "You're so awesome, Jen. I'll check on him, like you said. After we have the best Valentine's day ever."

Smiling after the kiss, Jensen pulled him back in for another. "Good...he's a good guy who doesn't deserve that kind of shit from someone. I'm glad you reached out to him."
~~~~~~~~~~