Spring had finally come to the mountains. It was the first real warm day of the year, not like those teasing first touches of wintery sunlight against cool skin; this was real warmth that spread through his bones, it made Ryo turn his face to the sky and close his eyes, basking in the welcome heat. Ryo's hair tickled his elbows as he sat on Sanzo's rock in the meadow, gazing skyward. He hadn't bothered to cut his hair since he was injured and now it was halfway down his back.

When the sunlight got too bright, he let his gaze wander down the hillside, toward the valley. If they came back, no – when they came back, they'd have to pass this way. Not many people had vehicles, so it wouldn't be hard to spot the dust trail from Jeep.

He sighed, resting his elbows on his knees, feeling the cool whisper of his hair as it slid forward over his shoulders. Something in the grass caught his eye, a flash of sunlight off of metal. Reaching down, Ryo dug around in the short meadow grass until he found what was he was searching for. Surprised, he bounced the object in the flat of his hand and then cleaned the dirt off. It was one of Sanzo's bullet casings. He could tell, because even now he could feel the faint tingle of the jujitsu Sanzo had used to give the bullet extra kick.

It was the first time since that day he'd held something tangible in his hands that belonged to them. Ryo thought he'd been adjusting to daily life in the village and the slow pace of the seasons but his thoughts, along with this little reminder, was like a drop kick to the stomach. He'd been kidding himself hadn't he? Living a half life, waiting to get better, stronger. He knew he wasn't the type to just sit back and let life happen around him, he'd always been in the thick of things, looking for something to make life interesting. He wasn't cut out to be a farmer or a laborer. He was a gambler, a fighter, a lover, he always had been, no matter if he was called Gojyo or Ryo. Why the hell was he trying to convince himself he belonged here? Because you're waiting for him. You don't want to miss the chance that he may come back.

C'mon, Ryo, he thought. You're hanging onto the past, you gotta let it go, it ain't healthy. But they'd only been gone a few months, right? Why should he feel guilty about having hope, after all, the ikkou had always had hope, otherwise they would've died sooner rather than later. No, Ryo knew the guilt was deeper than that, it was the thing he struggled with in the darkest hours of the night and in the cool light of dawn, it was the voice that said, they were right to leave you behind. What have you ever contributed, other than to piss Sanzo off, wind up Goku, or get under Hakkai's feet? They left you because they don't need you. When you left to take on Kami-sama, they only came back to kick your ass, nothing more. 

Still, the part of Ryo that was still Gojyo didn't believe a word of it. That part of Ryo still had questions and if it meant waiting to kick someone's ass to get those answers, then Ryo would wait for as long as it took.

He shook his head as if to clear the thoughts from his mind. It was no use continuing to worry on the past, or so he tried to continuously convince himself. He dropped the bullet casing back into the grass, watching it fall out of sight.

He'd come out here to practice with the wooden staff that Grandfather had cut for him. He'd been unable to summon the shakujou since the battle. He'd been going stir-crazy, first of all pacing his room, then the veranda outside, and finally when the snow had started to melt Ryo had taken to long walks, trying to get his body under his command and to obey him.

Grandfather had watched him for a few days and then silently presented him with a long wooden staff. Since then, Ryo had practiced every day. It was different than the shakujou; to start with it was a lot lighter. There was no shovel or sickle to balance the weapon and Ryo had, at first, dismissed the wooden staff as a child's plaything. There was no finesse to it he decided, no deadly, yet graceful, dance of death about it, it was simply a wooden stave – until he remembered that Goku had done just fine with Nyoi-bo. Jun had cemented the lesson by kicking his ass soundly and putting him in the dirt.

Ryo stood up, loosely tying his hair into a braid and picked up the wooden staff. He hefted it in his hands, felt the balance of the weapon and closed his eyes, searching for the weapon's spirit, sort of like he used to do with the shakujou. He moved silently through a well-practiced series of movements, almost a meditation, moving his body with the staff, becoming one with it. He repeated the movements, until they started to feel natural and his body loosened up, beginning to flow with the rhythm. Ryo ignored the twinge in his belly from the wound, the way his shoulders ached slightly and the sweat trickled slowly down his spine. He would master this thing, simple as it may be, until he could fight with the same instinct as his old weapon.

"Oi, Ryo!"

Ryo opened his eyes and turned slightly toward the voice calling him. Jun waved and started walking down the hill. He'd just turned nineteen and was all gangly and lean. He'd been letting his hair grow out too and now it was past his shoulders. Ryo could recognize hero-worship when he saw it but wasn't quite sure what to do about it. The old Gojyo had never hung around long enough in one place to have to worry about that kind of shit.

"Hey, yourself," Ryo said with a grin and sat down, leaving space for Jun to sit next to him on the rock.

"Ready for a rematch?" Jun asked, sitting down. "Or are you not wanting to get your ass kicked just yet?"

Ryo laughed and leaned back, resting his weight on his hands. "Don't tempt me. Just 'cause it's your birthday doesn't mean I'd go easy on you."

Jun pouted and turned his head slightly, looking at Ryo from the corner of his eyes. Shit, he's been practicing that look, Ryo thought. The girls are gonna go nuts.

"Perhaps I don't want you to go easy on me."

Oh, crap. Ryo saw with sudden clarity exactly where this conversation was going. He'd miscalculated; obviously Jun wasn't interested in the girls after all.

"You miss them, don't you? You miss him."

"Him?" Surprised at the change of subject, Ryo turned toward Jun. "Dunno what you mean."

"You know what I mean, Ryo. I may be a couple of years younger than you but I'm not stupid."

Ryo gave a startled laugh. "You sound just like Goku," he mused. "Next you are going to tell me that I don't take you seriously."

"Well, you don't." Jun sighed heavily, putting enough meaning into the words that Ryo understood he meant more than one thing. "Ryo, do you think they're dead?"

Ryo closed his eyes and let the familiar wave of anguish pass over him. It was easier this way; let it flow over you, rather than through you. Acknowledge the feeling but don't let it hold you. Easier said than done – no wonder Sanzo looked so pissed off all the time.

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said anything."

"Nah, s'okay." Ryo took a deep breath, tried to ignore the ache in his heart. "No, they're not dead. I'd know it in my heart if they were; if he was."

"What was he like?" Jun asked in an almost-whisper. His grey eyes were wide, Ryo noticed, and he was unusually serious.

"Jun… " Shit, he couldn't do this, he didn't want to have this fucking conversation.

"You never say his name," Jun pressed. "Why?"

"Hopefully you'll never have to find out, kid. Loosing those you love sucks the bag."

"I think you're wrong," said Jun, with all the conviction of a youth who'd never experienced heartbreak.

"Yeah, well," Ryo answered, standing up and brushing down his jeans.

Jun climbed onto the rock and for a moment, all Ryo could see was Sanzo standing there, shooting into the pack of attacking youkai. The scene was superimposed over the relative calm of the meadow, but he could still hear the shouts from the youkai, the report of Sanzo's gun. Ryo closed his eyes, searching for calm, wishing for peace of mind. One thing he'd learnt when he was Gojyo was that if you can't find peace of mind, roll with the punches. Find something else to do to take your mind off of the shittiness.

"Hey, Jun?" Ryo opened his eyes and smirked at the kid. "Wanna head into town tonight? I know a nice little bar with a couple of easy stakes card games. You play cards?"

Jun grinned back. "Nope. You gonna teach me?"

"Hell yeah. We'll make a proper man of you yet. Let's go." Ryo picked up the staff and began walking towards the village. He heard Jun rush to catch up with him and was suddenly glad there was someone walking next to him at last, walking with him. Life was easier when you had someone to be with, after all, hadn't Gojyo learnt the same lesson? Ryo would wait for them and in the meantime, walk a path that was not his alone.

***********************

Ryo wiped down the bar with a rag and put the last of the clay beakers out ready for opening time. Ying didn't believe in glasses, he said they were too expensive to replace when the inevitable bar fights broke out. Everyone in town knew Ying was a cheapskate but he was a fair man, all in all. He'd given Ryo a job, given him something to do other than stare down the meadow toward the pass, waiting. Ryo helped out around the bar, poured drinks, flirted with the customers and most importantly, kept an eye on the locals when they got rowdy. Ryo couldn't argue with that, or the coins he earned which paid his way with Grandfather, allowing him to continue living in the village further up the hill rather in some wooden shack in town, which would have been his only other option.

"You loaded in the last of the kegs?" Ying came in from the back, wiping his hands on his apron.

"Yeah." Ryo gave the bar a final flourish with the rag and tossed it beneath the bar. "Anything else you need me to do? I'm off for now. I'll be back later on tonight, though."

Ying snorted. "Have you looked outside? It's snowing hard and you'll not make it back today. How about you come in tomorrow instead?"

"What?" Ryo opened the door to the bar and stood in the entrance, watching the snow fall. "Fuck, this is early, isn't it?"

"Yeah, I'd say. Old Shin says it's gonna be a bad winter. Get going, Ryo, before you disappear into a snow bank. I'm not sending anyone out to look for your sorry ass if you fall in a ditch."

"Sure." Ryo hurried to get his jacket, glad of the leather to keep him dry and the fur collar to keep him warm. Absently he waved goodbye and stepped out into the falling snow, walking quickly with his head down along the road, the same road that led to the mountains. He walked for a mile, letting his thoughts trip around in his head, purposely not letting them form into anything solid. He didn't want to think that perhaps he was wrong, that perhaps waiting had been a mistake. If he didn't leave now, he'd never leave. They weren't coming; it had been over a year now. Surely, if they were still alive, they'd have made it back by now?

Same thoughts, over and over in his head, making his head spin. He ignored the stinging snow and ice as it hit his face, settling in his hair. Perhaps it was time to go, back to his house in Chang'an; at least it was his house. He could still fit in, right? Do odd jobs, drift back to his previous life? It was no different than the life he had here, but at least Chang'an was home. Or was it? Ryo realized he'd sort of settled in here, slowly and surely, without really noticing. Finally, he'd found a niche, and if he wasn't exactly happy, he'd become content. He had friends and a family or sorts, a family that had taken him in and given him a reason for living. Perhaps it was time to stop wandering and live for himself, just a little.

***********************

Ryo was in the back room, putting down the chairs from the tables ready for opening, when he heard a commotion in the front room. He could hear Ying laughing and finding himself curious, went through to the bar to see what going on.

Ying was leaning on the bar, pouring two cups of beer while talking animatedly with a man dressed from head to foot in furs. Ying turned to Ryo and gestured. "Hey, Ryo! Mukesh just came through the pass, the fool."

Ryo made his way over to the bar and gripped hands with Mukesh. "Would have thought you'd have stayed home in this weather, Mukesh," Ryo said with a grin.

"Bah, I've too much to do; money to make, things to trade." Mukesh swallowed a mouthful of beer. "This still tastes like rat's piss, Ying, no matter how much time passes."

"You'll be wanting another, then?" Ying topped up Mukesh's beaker without waiting for a reply. "So what news from India then? How's your wife and family?"

"Growing as always. My wife gets fatter and I swear every time I return home there's another newborn. I'm not sure what to do with them all." Mukesh smirked. "Still, I won't make it home this winter. The pass is closed early; I nearly got caught in that first snowstorm. Then there's all the added uproar with that youkai king and the minus wave or whatever they're calling it."

"What?" Ryo leaned forward, heart pounding his chest suddenly, his newly acquired sense of calm suddenly shot to shit. "You have news of Gyumaoh?"

"Goomay-who?" Mukesh blinked rapidly at Ryo.

Ryo mentally rolled his eyes and tried again. "The demon king. What happened to him?"

"Oooh," Mukesh said slowly, suddenly catching up with the conversation. He leaned in over the bar in a conspirital fashion. "Well, this demon king was apparently the source of all that nonsense with the youkai going crazy and I heard some witch was trying to revive him."

"You don't say?" muttered Ying, pouring more beer.

Ryo wanted to shake the both of them, hard. Unfortunately it probably wouldn't produce information any quicker. "And?"

"I heard some Sanzo priest shows up and does some mojo and then I'm told that a War Prince from Heaven came down and kicked the demon king's ass. Unbelievable, eh?" Mukesh chuckled and shook his head. "Sounds like a right load of tripe to me. I mean, honestly, nobody's seen a War Prince going on five hundred years. I wouldn't have believed it myself if I hadn't of had it from Sanjiv in the next village over from me."

"What happened to the Sanzo priest?" Ryo prodded.

"What about him?"

"Is he alive?"

"You're curious for someone who's never met him," Mukesh remarked with a raised eyebrow.

"Call it professional interest," Ryo remarked, earning a frown from Ying.

"Sure, sure, Ryo. Well, I heard the Sanzo priest survived and they packed the War Prince back to Heaven or whatever. The minus wave was shut down but the local youkai are still on the rampage. You'll have to watch out for that, Ying." Mukesh gestured vaguely with his beaker. "Just 'cause the youkai ain't crazy anymore doesn't mean they're not still pissed off. You should let the town fathers know, just in case. It's another reason why I'm not going to attempt to make it back over the pass until spring; I want to give things time to calm down."

Ryo excused himself and went outside, leaning against the back door. He took a deep breath of the clean, cold air and tried to organize his thoughts. Sanzo, at least, was alive. Gyumaoh was defeated, although Ryo had no idea who this War Prince was or why he had been there. Sanzo had finally completed his mission, and it brought a bitter smile to Ryo's face. Perhaps the asshole would stop bitching now and finally give Hakkai and Goku a break – if they'd survived. It was a question Ryo couldn't bring himself to ask Mukesh, even now. It was unlikely the trader would know anyway, but Ryo decided he preferred to live in the hope that one day the ikkou might make it home finally, even if he never saw them again.

He could imagine Hakkai, living in their house in Chang'an, raising that family he'd talked about so long ago. Henpecked by a wife and a handful of daughters and loving every minute of it. It seemed apt somehow. Ryo realized he'd stopped thinking about Hakkai as his a while ago, now he was the stuff of legend, along with the remainder of the ikkou, heroes for the next little while. Far beyond someone like Ryo's scope and experience, stuck in a little town on the far border of China. Silently, Ryo looked toward the mountains and wished them luck, wherever they may be.

***********************

Ryo called a last goodnight to Ying and shut the door of the bar behind him. He'd left his jacket at home now the weather was finally warming up and he realized he was going to have a cold walk home. Spring days were warm but the nights still held onto the winter chill and he rubbed his arms, cursing himself for being an idiot and not thinking ahead. He turned down the road and began to walk, head ducked down, in some idiotic attempt to conserve body heat.

He slowed once he reached the outskirts of town; there was a commotion just outside the inn that stood on the main road. Ryo looked over, curious, only to stop dead in his tracks when he saw a jeep. For a moment, he thought his eyes were deceiving him, until suddenly the jeep changed form, the dragon turning into a speeding white arrow as it headed straight for him with a 'kyuu'. Ryo ducked instinctively, bringing his hands up to cover his head.

"Hakuryuu?" Holy shit, his mind was whirling suddenly, unable to form coherent thought the whole time he was trying to fend off the little bugger. Hakuryuu dive-bombed his head again, claws out, grabbing at his hair and squawking madly. Finally the dragon back-winged, sending his hair flying and settled onto his shoulder, claws like little needles as they sunk in for balance.

Ryo stopped flailing when he realized Hakuryuu wasn't attacking him and stood still, feeling the hot little body against his shoulder and neck. The dragon ducked his head and rubbed his head along Ryo's jaw. He kyuu'd softly in greeting and folded his wings, settling down finally.

"When did you get here?" Ryo asked, daring to reach a finger up and scrub Hakuryuu's head. The door of the inn opened, spilling soft golden light onto the roadway. Ryo would have known that figure silhouetted in the doorway anywhere and as he watched, he felt like his heart had just dropped right out of his stomach. He couldn't breathe suddenly and Hakuryuu moved restlessly on his shoulder as the sudden tension in Ryo's lean frame.

"Hakuryuu?" Hakkai's voice carried quietly over the night air. Hakuryuu cheeped at Hakkai and finally Hakkai stepped out into the roadway.

He looked slightly different, Ryo noticed. Hakkai's dark hair was longer as if it hadn't been cut in a while and he looked thinner but not frail, rather as if he'd honed his inner spirit and forged it into something more than what he'd been before. He seemed assured of himself, something that had been missing from before. He had changed in the year and a half they'd been apart.

Hakkai called the dragon again and Hakuryuu rose with a cheep! and a great flapping of wings, soaring through the night air to land on Hakkai's shoulder. The dragon seemed to be calling out, trying to explain excitedly to Hakkai about his discovery. Finally Hakkai looked up, toward Ryo.

The moment stretched silently and Ryo stood there like a statue, unable to move. Hakkai took a step further into the road and Ryo realized that he probably couldn't make him out in the darkness.

"Gojyo?" Hakkai's whispered voice carried across the road, finally forming a tangible link between them. Ryo let out a breath he didn't realize he'd been holding.

Before Ryo could reply, there was a commotion from inside the inn and Goku came running out. He stopped dead next to Hakkai, eyes wide as he took in Ryo and simply said, "Woah."

"Oi, monkey! What the fuck did…"

Ryo stiffened in the street as he watched his twin step out of the doorway and stand next to Hakkai. Shikigami? The word kept running through his head, over and over. They'd gone to fucking India with a clone and not noticed the difference? Ryo stopped thinking and acted, with a bellow he rushed toward the imposter, delivering a punch that felled the bastard right where he'd been standing. He watched the clone land on its ass in the roadway. Hakkai and Goku continued to stand there, openmouthed in shock.

Ryo didn't think twice, he felt the rush of chi in his palm and suddenly the shakujou appeared. Confused, Ryo gripped the familiar metal stave, noticing immediately the difference in weight distribution from his wooden staff. Oh, he was so going to kick some ass now. He grinned at the fake Gojyo, still sitting on the ground and blinking up at him like a dumb cow.

"Let's see what you got, asshole," Ryo said, backing up and swinging the shakujou. He never thought he'd miss the clash of the rings on the shovel, but it was like music to his ears.

"Goku, I think you had better go and find Sanzo. Now." Hakkai's voice was quiet but commanding.

Ryo couldn't spare time to glance at Hakkai or to see if Goku had obeyed, because the clone was standing up, grinning just as maniacally as Ryo was. Ryo watched him make a familiar movement with his hand, to summon his shakujou and then frown when nothing happened. How the hell had this guy convinced the rest of the ikkou he was real when he didn't even have a proper weapon? Ryo grinned harder; he could feel his jaw ache with the effort. This was gonna be so much fun. He welcomed the adrenaline surging through his veins like a drug high. He'd forgotten this feeling and embraced it fully, charging toward the fake like a man possessed, a year and a half of frustration singing through his veins.

The clone let out a surprised grunt and dived to the side, as did Hakkai. Hakuryuu called out and soared into the air, wings flapping as he moved out of the way of the chain and sickle as Ryo let fly with the weapon. Ryo called back the sickle, only waiting seconds before letting it soar once more. The clone rolled to the side and suddenly there was a flash of golden light as Hakkai put up a shield in front of the fake. The sickle glanced off the shield and returned to the shakujou.

"Hakkai, why are you defending this asshole?" Ryo called out angrily.

"Gojyo, he's – "

Distracted, Ryo didn't see the bastard until he was on him, knocking him to the ground hard. Ryo felt his head bounce off the dirt of the road and for a moment he was unprotected, the shakujou vanishing as his concentration and vision wavered. The fake was heavy, wiry strong from fighting. Ryo had practiced, sure, but he'd lost his edge. He felt the clone's hands tighten around his throat, trying to choke him either into submission or an early grave. Ryo didn't have time to debate the matter; instead he pulled back and resisted the urge to wrap his hands around the clone's wrists, hammering the heel of his hand into the fake's solar plexus. He felt the grip around his throat loosen somewhat and then slacken.

Surprised, Ryo looked into his double's red eyes and saw doubt there. He could use that. Before he could react, the clone said, "Holy shit, you've got the same scar as I do."

Ryo looked down; saw where the clone was looking. Ryo's shirt had ridden up during the scuffle, exposing his belly and the scar. He looked into his double's eyes again and completely failed to see the left hook that connected hard with the side of his jaw, knocking him unconscious.

***********************

When Ryo woke, he was sprawled on the tatami matting in one of the inn's rooms. He blinked slowly, reaching a hand up to rub his aching jaw. Fuck, that hurt. He sat up slightly, leaning on his elbows. Only then did he notice the low table next to him and the four individuals kneeling around it, watching him. The clone tensed when he saw Ryo and then relaxed with a sarcastic grin.

"Hey, sorry about the punch, but I kinda had to stop you from killing me. Hakkai would have been pissed."

Ignoring the fake, Hakkai stood up and came and knelt next to Ryo, reaching out a hand to gently stroke along his jaw. Ryo flinched, moving away.

"Gojyo, are you alright?" Hakkai spoke softly.

Ryo sat up. "It's Ryo, not Gojyo."

"Ryo?" Sanzo snorted, exhaling cigarette smoke. "That's a new one."

"Is anyone going to explain what the hell is going on?" the clone bitched, opening a beer and taking a swallow.

"Ryo, come and sit at the table, please," Hakkai said, moving out of his way.

What choice did he have? Ryo wanted answers as much as anyone else did, so he complied – for now. When he'd seated himself at the table next to the fake, Sanzo pushed a beer toward him. Ryo was confused and unsure why Sanzo was being cooperative when in reality he should be bitching up a storm. To cover his confusion he opened the beer and took a swig, glad to find it tasted so much better than the warm piss Ying passed off as alcohol.

Sanzo watched him with a calculating look on his face, like he was amused by something but had yet to share. "So… Ryo, tell us what happened."

"What do you mean, what happened? Shouldn't you be telling me that?" He pushed the beer can away from him.

"Cut the crap and start talking, idiot."

"Glad to see you haven't changed at all," Ryo responded before he could stop himself. "Fine, fine, whatever. Let's see, we were fighting a shit load of youkai in the meadow up by the village, when one of them slashed me with his weapon. That's the last thing I remember until I woke up, in bed in the village. Grandfather looked after me until I was well. You guys obviously fucked off with the clone and continued on to India." There, he'd said his piece.

"So you remember nothing else, Ryo?" Hakkai asked.

"No, or I would have mentioned it, Hakkai."

"Gojyo, what do you remember?" Sanzo didn't look at the clone, just concentrated on stubbing out his smoke in the ashtray.

"The same thing," the fake replied. "Except… wait. Remember I said the wound felt way worse than it actually was?" Gojyo leaned forward. "It felt like I'd been torn in two. I thought I was dead."

"I'd forgotten that," mused Hakkai.

"So, which one's the fake?" asked Goku. He looked from Ryo to Gojyo. "I can't tell the difference, apart from the hair."

Sanzo smirked. Under any other circumstance the smile would have been saintly with innocence, but this was Sanzo. "Neither one is a fake, they're both Gojyo."

"What?" Gojyo and Ryo both spoke at the same time.

"When this idiot was passed out I checked his chi. It's exactly the same as the other idiot's." Sanzo pointed at Gojyo.

"I don't get it," said Goku.

Sanzo sighed. "Every living thing has a unique chi signature, different from everyone else's, sort of like a fingerprint. These two have the same pattern, therefore they are both Gojyo."

"What, that's your explanation, you shitty priest?" Gojyo shouted.

"You have the same scar, yes?" Sanzo demanded.

"And?"

"Hakkai said Ryo could summon the shakujou. Try to summon it now, both of you."

Ryo looked at Gojyo and back at Sanzo. "What the hell is this going to prove?"

"Just do it."

Ryo stood up and stepped back, clearing space, watching Gojyo do the same. He watched, waited for the tell tale sign that Gojyo was going to summon it and then did the same. He felt a rough surge in his palm that disappeared as soon as Gojyo summoned the weapon. Gojyo grinned like an idiot. "Guess that proves you wrong, Sanzo-sama," Gojyo drawled.

"Do it again."

Gojyo vanished the weapon and again they both tried to summon the weapon. This time, Ryo was faster, managing to make the weapon appear first. When he'd returned the shakujou to its resting place, Ryo sat back down. "And this proves what? I couldn't summon it at all while you were gone. Once or twice I almost had it, but I could never summon it fully."

"That's because you were apart. Now you are back together, your chi is trying to realign itself," Sanzo said. When he was greeted by confused silence, Sanzo rolled his eyes. "Do I have to explain this to you morons? When you were wounded, it should have been a killing shot. For some reason your body split, one of you taking the brunt of the wound, the other, less. If you'd been whole, you would be dead. Now you are in close proximity, your chi is trying to join itself together, to heal fully."

"So, if we're both Gojyo, we can both summon the shakujou?" Ryo said, struggling to make sense of it all.

"That's what I just said," Sanzo remarked with a raised eyebrow.

"What if I don't want to be Gojyo again?"

"Do you?" Sanzo asked, his expression serious rather than mocking. "Or are you content to stay and live your life here? What do you want?"

What did Ryo want? He thought he wanted to stay, but that was when he was without Hakkai. Could he live without Hakkai, knowing that this whole thing was some weird mistake and that they hadn't left him here to die? Knowing this, could he watch Hakkai leave with Gojyo and stand back and wish them happiness?

"No, I want to go with you. I want to be with Hakkai again."

"Fine. Then are you two going to argue with me or fix this?"

"What if I don't wanna be part of him?" Gojyo bitched.

"You won't know the fucking difference, Gojyo, so shut up." Sanzo pulled another can of beer over and popped the ringpull. "Yes or no?"

Gojyo paused, staring at Ryo. After a few moments he smiled. "Sure, why not? Besides, I like his hair."

"Fuck you," Ryo said. He turned to Sanzo. "So what do we have to do to fix this?"

Sanzo took a pull of his beer and waited until everyone was staring at him. "You'll have to sleep together."

"Huh?" Goku, Ryo and Gojyo said at the same time.

"Oh my," muttered Hakkai. "Sanzo, could you please pass the sake?"

Ryo looked over at Hakkai and noticed he was blushing, refusing to look at either one of them as he poured himself a drink and knocked it back.

Gojyo grinned and winked at Ryo. "Yeah, we still got it," he laughed. Ryo couldn't help but grin back.

"You are all sick bastards," growled Sanzo. "Your chi should realign itself, providing you are in close proximity to each other for an extended period of time. If you're sleeping, the process should work smoothly and without interference." He stared at Ryo and then at Gojyo and then sighed.

Ryo noticed Hakkai was staring at him, his gaze flicking back to Gojyo. "I really should get Ryo some ice for his jaw," Hakkai muttered. "Excuse me for a moment."

"I'm going to bed," Sanzo said. "I don't want to hear about any perverted shit come morning, either. Goku, let's go."

"Sure, Sanzo." Goku stood up and winked. "G'night and have fun!"

Ryo waited until the room was empty and turned to Gojyo. "Shit, I've never seen a room clear out so quickly."

Gojyo grinned. "Heh, did you see the way Hakkai fled the room? It was like he had a demon on his ass."

"He almost squeaked at the end there," Ryo added. Gojyo laughed and Ryo couldn't help but laugh too. His smile faded. "I hadn't realized how much I missed them. I'd never tell them that, of course. Well, maybe Hakkai, he'd understand, even if he didn't miss me."

Gojyo sighed and stretched. "Yeah, but he didn't know you were gone, Ryo. That's different." Gojyo fixed Ryo with a calculating look. "So, what do you say? I'm you and you're me, which is double the fun. Think we can get Hakkai to cooperate?"