When Billy leaves the bookshop in the evening, there's no sign of Dom on the piazza. Billy's eyes flicker with the brief image of him hunkered patiently on Billy's doorstep, hands in his jacket pockets and head bent low against the cold and dark. Billy's pace quickens despite himself.

Elijah's still there. Billy saw him at lunchtime, careening wild circles around Dom, both arms out-stretched like skinny wings, while Dom dug through the trash and laughed at his antics. Now Elijah's at rest, he and Orli wrapped up in a single threadbare blanket, Elijah cross-legged between Orli's knees, leaning back against Orli's chest. Orli holds out a small cardboard box-lid with a few coins in it; he shuffles it to-and-fro in wordless request when anyone passes, but is resolutely ignored every time.

Billy knows he's staring, knows too the glance of black resentment he'll get from Orli if he's caught. But watching the other street kids is the counter-balance to ignoring Dom; Billy can't help himself.

Orli's rarely in evidence during the day, and Billy wonders what fragile thread of obligation or opportunity keeps him tethered to this routine. Despite the cold and the gathering darkness and the callous indifference of the passers-by, there's a kind of tranquility in Orli and Elijah's expressions, which sets them a little apart from the other kids, whose hard edged desperation begins to show more clearly as the light fails. Billy likes to think that Orli's daytime activities are profitable enough to buy them both some hair-fine margin of security that puts that look on their faces. The thought makes Billy feel unreasonably relieved; he worries about little Elijah in a way he can never allow himself to about Dom.

A businessman, resplendent in overcoat and scarf and leather gloves halts in front of Orli and Elijah. Billy's still too far away to hear, but close enough to see the man bend and catch Elijah's chin in his big black-clad fingers. Orli's 'no' is sharp enough to carry to Billy as Orli unfolds up onto his feet, shrugging the blanket back off his shoulders, talking fast.

The john releases Elijah, considering. He produces a thin fold of cash, extending it to Orli, but still looking at Elijah. Elijah, eyes huge and round and riveted on the money, eases onto his feet too. There's some fractional exchange between the two boys, and Orli pushes Elijah aside with the flat of his hand dead-center in Elijah's narrow chest.

Orli puts himself squarely in front of the john, who strips his right glove off impatiently and digs his fingers into Orli's left hip, hard enough that Orli has to shift to maintain his balance. Billy knows what he feels like – what Dom and Orli and Elijah and all the street kids feel like to the touch: bones too light and sharp under a layer of flesh that's too thin and skin that's too tight.

Something about Orli's thin frame and dully mistrustful glance pleases the buyer. He closes his hand around the tattered sleeve of Orli's army-surplus parka and jerks him forward, past Elijah. Orli shakes him off long enough to scoop up the discarded blanket and thrust it at Elijah. Elijah takes it, but he's arguing, looking from Orli to the punter and back again, appealing to them both. The man's smirking; Elijah looks terrified and determined in equal parts.

"I don't fuckin' care what you want," Orli growls at Elijah, Billy passing within fifteen-feet of them now. "I don't want you around you little fuck. Just fuck off and stay the fuck outta trouble, okay?" And then, to his buyer, "are we doin' this or what?"

They walk off together, side-by-side but not touching. Elijah's left clutching the blanket to his chest, the box-lid with its thirty-five pence abandoned at his feet. Impulsively Billy steps toward him. Elijah looks up, blind and bereft, and Billy realizes that it's fully night, and the streetlights are turning the tear-trails on Elijah's cheeks to gold. Elijah grabs up the coins out of the box-lid and takes flight in the opposite direction from the one taken by Orli and his punter.

Billy feels a stab of fear as he watches Elijah flee, his run all small boy's elbows and heels as he weaves among the trash bins and the benches and disappears into the dark. Billy finds himself praying – for the first time in years, with a real 'dear God' and an 'amen' – that Dom will be on his doorstep when he gets home.

When Billy gets home, Dom's not there, and the anxious nausea that's been gnawing at Billy's stomach turns into a small sharp spike of pain. Billy crams it back down, turning his key in the lock with just the precise combination of push and pull and press that it takes to soothe the badly fitting mechanism.

He showers, pulls on some clean clothes, and fixes himself something to eat. He sits in front of his plate and watches the food congeal. The radio's on, but the words and music won't turn into sense, and Billy can hardly hear them anyway over the sound of his own heartbeat in his eardrums.

He waits up, sitting in his couch that always smells a little odd, drinking innumerable cups of tea - or, rather, letting them grow stone cold as he cradles the cup in his hands. By one in the morning, he's standing at the window, staring into the street. A car passes every few minutes, but otherwise the night seems deserted and inhospitable. More than that: antagonistic. Billy can't think of anywhere out there in the yellow-stained dark that Dom could sanely choose in preference to Billy's flat, with its food and its shower and its decently warm bed.

Billy thinks about Elijah. When Billy asked, Dom told him Elijah was eighteen. Billy took it for granted that Dom was lying, but wondered by how much. On a good day Elijah looks thirteen. On a bad day, cold and wet and starved, when he's nothing but miserably huge eyes and pale face and poked out lower lip, he could pass for a tall ten-year old. Billy feels a sudden surge of panic, thinking about Elijah alone on the streets, without Orli. Anything could fuckin' happen to him. Billy actually turns away from the window, scanning the floor for his trainers, before he realizes there's no point. Where would he look? His only notion is to go back to the piazza, but it'll be deserted now, too well policed by night for the kids to get any rest there. Billy hardly knows London as it is, and he's pretty sure most born-and-bred Londoners wouldn't know where to look anyhow.

Then it occurs to Billy that Dom might be with Elijah, and Elijah's okay and Dom's okay even though he's not here. The thought, fragile as it is, is enough to let Billy lie down on his bed and close his eyes. Not enough to let him sleep, though.

Billy wakes cold and confused, his skin feeling faintly raw from sleeping fully dressed. There's a merciful moment of fogginess, and then his stomach plunges as he remembers last night. He sits up hastily, wiping his hand over his face. Right on top of the despair there's a sudden surge of relief as he realizes it's Sunday. Only three hours at the store and he'll be free to --

-- he quashes that thought ruthlessly.

By noon, the unpromising morning has given way to a truly foul day: bitterly cold, with a knife thin wind and a steadily driving drizzle of semi-frozen rain. The piazza is almost deserted except for a scant population of shoppers going purposefully about their business. No time to spare for street performers or panhandlers today. Most of the kids are gone too, only the most desperate crouching in the feeble shelter of trash-bins or shop awnings.

Billy glances around, but there's no sign of Elijah or Orli or ... anyone.

Billy heads for the diner across the street and 'round the corner from the piazza. He's been there a few times; it's dirt-cheap and the food's no worse than you'd expect for the price. The kids hang out there a lot on bad days, crammed around the two tables farthest from the door, nursing empty coffee cups and larking like starving birds.

Billy pushes through the door, into the thick atmosphere of old grease and spiky new ketchup. The back tables are jammed all right, but before hope has a chance to catch hold of him, Billy's already ascertained that none of the kids is Elijah or Orli or Dom.

He almost misses them, and it's only forlorn hope that makes him glance around the rest of the place. They're sitting closer to the door, in the no-man's land between the street kids and the (low) paying customers. Billy recognizes the back of Dom's head -- dirty blond-streaked tips sticky with neglect -- and it feels like the ground has suddenly resolidified under his feet.

For a second Billy hesitates, trying to decide whether or not to approach them, and in that interval he makes the mistake of glancing at Orli and Elijah.

Orli's face is a fuckin' mess. He's done a brave clean-up job somewhere - maybe in the diner's filthy, cupboard-sized toilet - but even without the blood the damage is appalling. There's a raw graze on his forehead, and a bite - not a love bite, Billy realizes, but a real bite complete with stone-bruised teeth-marks - on his left cheekbone. Both nostrils are rimmed black inside with congealed blood. The side of his mouth is red and swollen around the sharp black indent of a split lip. He's got purple marks under his eyes, and the rest of his skin looks paper-white and tissue-thin by comparison.

Billy wonders how much Orli's broken good looks were worth on the open market. Twenty quid? He'd like to think fifty, but he's not so sure. Orli strikes Billy as the type to drive a hard bargain and then give good value, but he's a street kid, jetsam; there's lots more where he came from, so it's always a buyer's market. In a year or two, maybe, the punters can have his dead body for free.

It's a sign of the weird slippage of perspective inside Billy's head that he suddenly notices the three scraped plates sitting on the table in front of them, and the still half-full monster mugs of milky tea. Elijah's wearing a thick-knit dark blue sweater that's five sizes too big on him, the ends of the sleeves folded back into bulky cuffs to display his gray fingerless gloves. He's red cheeked from the heat, but too proud of his new acquisitions to take any of them off. There's a bundle of faded black knit heaped on top of Orli's parka, slung on the back of the fourth chair at their table. The garments are all dull and fuzzy with age, fifty-pence bargains from the grab-bins at Oxfam no doubt.

Billy hopes Orli's being provident; whatever he made last night, it's going to have to last a while. Looking as he does now, the only tricks Orli's going to get are the ones who want to do as much and more to him while his injuries are still fresh, and his battered face makes him too conspicuous by far for theft by stealth.

The part that Billy can't get past is that they look -- they -- they look happy. Orli's broken face is soft with the satisfaction of knowing Elijah's provided for. Elijah's radiant with food and heat and delight that Orli's fond indulgence of him has stretched all the way to buying Dom food too, even though it's positively against the rules. Charity, or even compassion, is too dangerous a luxury for those who are already on the knife-edge of survival. The cant of Dom's head betrays the contentment of a full stomach and a bummed cigarette.

Orli sighs in weary satiety and slouches low in his seat to rest his head against Elijah's shoulder. Elijah lifts one fuzzy gray hand, his naked fingertips protruding blunt and pink and shockingly small, and pets gently at the water-and-blood stiffened curls at Orli's temple. Dom's leaning back in his chair, but one forearm trails across the table top, his grimy ink-stained fingers interwoven with Orli's.

Billy almost doubles over from the sudden surge inside his chest. Not jealousy, not resentment ... shame. If Orli will trade his body to be beaten and bitten and God knows what else for fifty quid -- if that -- then why wouldn't Dom trade submission to Billy's awkwardly fumbling gentleness in return for a sandwich and a shower and a bed?

Elijah looks up and sees Billy standing there. His forehead creases fractionally in confusion, and Billy understands that Elijah doesn't recognize him. Whatever tear-blurred outline of Billy Elijah caught under the streetlights last night, it's no clue to the man he sees today. Billy's face, no doubt, glitters in Elijah's vision with the reflected glory of food and clothes and Orli's fierce devotion.

Dom's head starts to turn, following Elijah's look, and before Billy sees more than the pink-rimmed shell of Dom's ear, he turns and bolts out the door into the rain and cold, down the gray slicked streets and across the piazza and away, just anywhere, away.