Guys were always telling me if they had a sister like mine, they’d never leave the house. And she does have these all-American good looks—about 5 feet 2, 105 pounds, cute little body, streaked blonde hair, icy blue eyes. But I never paid much attention until a few weeks ago, when I decided to cut my afternoon classes at the local university. Arriving home, I wasn’t too surprised when I saw my older brother’s pickup parked in the driveway. Although he’s 26-years- old and married, Bill still drops by now and then to use the garage and my father’s tools to work on his truck.
Walking down the stairs to the family room where I intended to stretch out on the sofa and watch some tube, I could hear coming from the TV the moans of a woman being fucked—and fucked good if the noise she was making was any indication. I started to yell out at Bill to stop the tape until I got there, but then I heard my sis say, “Gawd, look at that!” For some reason, I decided to keep quiet and cautiously peeked around the corner.
What I saw was Marcie stretched out on the couch, head propped on a pillow, eyes glued to the TV. Bill was sitting on the other end of the sofa, her feet in his lap, rubbing her calves. I guess they were so wrapped up in the movie they were watching that they didn’t notice me.
“You like that, huh?” Bill asked, his voice husky. His hand slid a little further up her leg, until his hand was gently stroking her inner thighs beneath her cut-off jeans.
“Yeah,” Sis said, squirming a little. “It’s pretty exciting.”
“Why don’t you scoot forward a bit, so I can stretch out and be comfortable too?”
Sis moved forward a little and Bill slid in behind her and wrapped an arm around her. “There, that’s better,” he said, snuggling in close, spoon fashion, and easing his hand up underneath her blouse in one smooth motion.
“What are you doing?”
“Just holding you. There’s nothing wrong with that, is there?”
“No, but …” and then she gave an excited little moan as his hand cupped her breast.
“Shhh. Just watch the movie.” He said, kissing the back of her neck.
They were silent for a few minutes, except for their heavy breathing. I could see my brother’s hand moving beneath her blouse. “Oh God, Billy, we shouldn’t be doing this,” she said, as he moved to ease her blouse up over her head.
“Shhh. It feels good, doesn’t it?” He said, reaching around to unsnap her bra.
“Yeah, it does. But you’re my brother …”
“There’s nothing wrong with a little touching. It makes watching the movie more exciting, doesn’t it?”
“I guess so.”
He knelt down beside the couch. “God, they’re gorgeous,” he said. My sister doesn’t have big breasts, but they’re absolutely perfectly shaped, with pale puffy nipples. They were snowy white and contrasted beautifully by her tanned skin.
“You really think so? You don’t think they’re too small?” Obviously flattered.
“Uuummm,” he said, sucking a crinkly nipple into his mouth.
“I think we better stop now,” she said, squirming excitedly, after a few minutes.
“Shhh, just watch the movie.” He said and unsnapped her shorts so he could slide his hand inside the waistband of her pink cotton panties.
“Oohhh God, Billy, you can’t touch my pussy. That’s enough now … ooohhh!”
After a while, my brother started tugging her shorts and panties down her legs. With a little grunt she raised her hips to help him. As I stared at the glistening lips of her little blond pussy, I felt like my dick was going to rip my pants open. My brother cupped her mound in his hand and rubbed it gently for a few minutes, before he dropped his head down and began to lick at her pussy.
“Please, Billy. Please, you better stop now… oooh Jeez …”
Suddenly, Bill stood up and began to remove his shirt.
“What are you doing?” Sis said, a glazed look in her eyes.
“I’m going to fuck you, Sis.”
“We can’t do that,” she said, but she gasped when his big dick popped out. She stared at it in undisguised delight. One hand moved to her chest and cupped one of her breasts, as if she were offering it to him. Her other hand moved slowly down her flat tummy to her pussy and she began to strum her clit slowly. “It’s so big and hard, Billy.”
“Gonna fuck you good, Li’l Sis,” Bill said, stepping out of his underwear and moving toward her.
As he crawled between her legs, Marcie moaned, “Oh God, hurry and put it in me before I change my mind.”
When Bill started crawling between her legs, I made my own move. I sneaked quietly back up the stairs, opened and slammed the door, and yelled, “Anybody home … Bill, Marcie.”
I figured they needed a few minutes to get their act together so I went to my room and changed into a pair of shorts. Besides, I needed to calm down myself.
When I went back downstairs, I found the two of them watching some soap opera, acting as if nothing had been going on. I had to stifle a laugh because my brother was sitting in the easy chair next to the sofa with his shirt half hanging out of his pants. His face was flushed and he still had an obvious bulge in his jeans. Sis was still stretched out on the couch, but she had hastily pulled an afghan over her body. I sat down on the floor in front of the couch.
After a few minutes of conversation about this and that, my brother stood up and said he needed to get home, his wife was expecting him. I had a good idea what he was going to be doing with her as soon as he got home. After he left, I waited a few minutes and picked up the remote that was lying on the floor. “Hey,” I said, as innocently as I could, “there’s a tape in the VCR. I wonder what’s on it,” and hit the play button. “Hey, this looks like one of Bill’s porn movies. Were you guys watching this?”
Sis blushed bright red, cleared her throat and said, “Yeah, but just for a few minutes. I’d never seen one before, so Billy brought it over.”
“Well, let’s watch it for a while.” I paused for a minute and then said, “Don’t be a couch hog,” I said, moving up onto the couch and settling in down behind her. Her eyes were glued to the screen, but beneath the blanket I could see the outline of her hand moving down toward her thighs. Good, she was still hot.
It was easy as pie—thanks to my brother getting her all primed. After a few minutes, I lifted the afghan and slid underneath with her. She was naked except for her panties, and her body was warm to the touch. I cupped one of her breasts in one hand and slid my other hand down under her panties, pushed her hand out of the way, and gently began to play with her hard little clit and rub the lips of her very hot, very wet pussy. “Oh God, Tim, not you, too,” she said.
“Huh?” I said, acting as if I didn’t know what she was talking about.
“Oh nothing,” she said, pushing forward to meet my fingers.
Within a few minutes, she was flat on her back, and I was kneeling between her thighs, working her panties down while she was frantically trying to pull down my shorts so she could get at my dick. I began easing it in nice and slow, but she grabbed my ass and made a big circle with her hips, burying me in her to the balls. It felt as if her pussy was going crazy, pulsing and squeezing at my dick. “God, Sis, you’ve got the nicest pussy, I’ve ever been in,” I managed to gasp out as I began to work it in and out.
“Just fuck me,” she said and began to thrust her hips up to meet me. Since she seemed a little frantic, I let her set the pace and just hung on for the ride. “That’s it, fuck me like that, fuck my pussy good, make it come all over my brother’s dick,” she kept saying over and over, as if she were offering up a litany.
Neither one of us lasted too long. After all that stimulation, who could? But in a few minutes I was ready to have another go at the cute little body of hers. Since then, we’ve been fucking every chance we get. I can’t begin to tell you how nice it is to be living under the same roof with a sister who loves to fuck her big brother.
Last week, I came home early and saw my brother’s truck in the driveway. I wondered if he was warming her up for me again. I hoped so, but instead I found my sis on top of my brother, moaning about how much she liked the way his big dick felt, about how he could fuck her anytime he wanted, how she never knew fucking with her own brothers would be so damn good.
“Brothers?” Bill said.
“She means me,” I said, tearing my clothes off as fast as I could.
I came around to the end of the couch and looked down to where their bodies were joined together. Marcie was gently moving her pelvis back and forth, rubbing her clit against his pubic bone. She had a wild look in her eyes, and I eased forward so that my dick was waving in her face. She gave a little gurgle of delight, grabbed my dick, and pulled me forward. As I slid into her mouth, she resumed riding Bill really hard, like a wild woman.
“Suck it, Sis,” I said, “Get it good and hard. I’m next.”
We spent the rest of the afternoon twisting and turning her into one way-out position after another. We did everything we could think of, except double penetrate her. She refused to try it.
Later, when Marcie went off to get cleaned up, Bill and I sat around talking about what had just happened. He laughed when I told him the story about the first time I got in her panties. “Well, the more the merrier—they say,” he said.
I grinned and shrugged my shoulders.
“How would you like to do it again, but with me and Gina?” Gina is his wife.
“God would I.” Who wouldn’t? I mean, if Marcie isn’t the best-looking girl in our circle, Gina is. “But do you think she’d go for it?”
“Just leave the details to me,” he said.
We made arrangements to get together Friday night, and I could hardly think of anything but Gina all week. She has an olive complexion with the smoothest skin you’ve ever seen. She’s tall—about 5 feet 8—with a long mane of black hair that accents those liquid brown eyes of hers. And the way she dresses—low rider jeans that emphasize her round ass, tight T-shirts that cling to her big breasts. Just thinking about her made my dick ache.
In fact, I was so horny that on Thursday night I went into Marcie’s room, even though our parents were in the next room. “I know what you want,” she said when she saw the way I was looking at her.
“Don’t pretend you don’t like it,” I said.
“Yeah, I do. But not as much as you, I think. You get all the pussy you want without any bullshit.”
“You too. You can act as slutty as you want, and nobody knows anything about it. You get to keep your good reputation.”
She giggled. “If people only knew.”
“Uumm,” I said, kissing her neck and pulling her up against me.
It was the first time we’d ever taken such a chance, so we didn’t undress all the way, just in case we heard someone coming. I just dropped my jeans and underwear to my knees, and she pulled the panties of her baby doll pajamas aside and we went at it doggy style—hard and fast. I loved feeling her panties rub against the side of my dick as it went in and out. As she built toward an orgasm, Marcie clawed at the sheets and met each of my thrusts with one of her own. I began to lightly rub my thumb over her rosebud, and she nearly went crazy and had to bury her face in a pillow to keep from screaming. Of course, that gave me some ideas about I was going to be doing to that ass at some time in the future.
It was almost 10 o’clock when I arrived at Bill’s house on Friday night. “You’re late,” he whispered. All he was wearing was a pair of shorts and an unbuttoned shirt. “Now, no matter what happens, just follow my lead,” he said as he led me to the living room.
What a sight greeted my eyes. Bill had spread out a mat in front of the sofa and covered it with a red satin sheet. Stretched out on the mat, her eyes glued to the TV on which another one of Bill’s porn movies was playing, was sexy Gina. All she was wearing was a white bustier. Her big breasts were pushed up and practically spilling out of the top of her outfit. Her long hair was tangled and wild looking. She had a sort of glazed look in her eyes.
“Look who’s here, baby,” Bill said.
“Goddamn it, Bill,” she said, glancing up. “You said you were going to get rid of whoever was at the door.” She ran off toward their bedroom, giving me a look at her gorgeous ass. Whoever came up with the idea of thongs had an ass like hers in mind.
I took a seat in the lounge chair just off to the side of the mat. Bill told me to pause the movie and went off after her. As he disappeared into the room, I heard him say, “C’mon, baby. This is our chance to do some of the things we’ve been talking about. And it’s even better that it’s my brother because he won’t tell anyone.” I couldn’t hear the rest of what he had to say, but I did hear Gina say as she came back into the room, “All right, just this once, but he can’t touch me, and he has to leave when I say so.”
Behind her, Bill winked at me. Although Gina was blushing, she walked defiantly into the room and sat down on the mat, back propped up against the sofa. She did make one concession to modesty—she grabbed a big throw pillow and hugged it to her chest. All I could see was her head and those long legs. I clicked the remote and she turned toward the screen. As she stared at the screen, I took a good look at her, trying to imagine what was going to happen. Her full lips were puffy and bruised as if she had been doing one heck of a lot of kissing and necking. I couldn’t help thinking about the way those lips might look going up and down my dick. The whole idea of what Bill was trying to set up had me rock hard.
I hadn’t even noticed that Bill had left the room until he said, “Here, baby. I freshened up your drink for you. You know how Margaritas make you relax.”
He set a pitcher down on the coffee table and handed me a frosted glass and sat down, his back against the sofa, on the mat beside Gina. From his shirt pocket, he pulled a joint out and lit it. “This should help get us in the mood,” he said, taking a deep drag and passing it to her.
Gina giggled. “It’s been awhile since we’ve done this.”
As we smoked, we sat quietly and watched the TV, though Bill and I both kept glancing at Gina to see if she was beginning to loosen up. After a while, her thighs unconsciously began to scissor together as she watched the action on the screen. When we had finished our smoke, Bill got up and refilled our glasses but gave her a little extra. Then he got up and changed the movie. “I think you’ll find this one better, hon,” he said. “It’s your favorite.”
“’Housewives Who Like To Show Off,’ huh,” I said as the opening credits came on the screen. The movie opened with a typical scene. A stacked blonde with artificial tits was teasing a couple of construction workers.
“You know, Tim,” Bill said, “Gina likes to show off too.”
“Oh yeah?” I said, looking over at her. Little by little the glitter was returning to her eyes.
He told me about a couple of their escapades down at the mall and at various bars. “She loves to let’em see her little panties.”
“I can’t help it,” Gina said, giggling again. “When I see the way they look at me, like they’d like to … you know. I get so hot.”
“Well, I don’t see anything wrong with it,” I said. “I mean, as long as it doesn’t bother Bill.” “Hell, I love it,” Bill said. “She gets hot and we come home and have great sex. Plus I’m really proud of the way she looks. I love seeing the envious looks on guys’ faces.”
Gina was watching the screen, and she moaned as the construction workers, who’d had enough of the blonde’s teasing, began to close in the girl.
Bill grinned at me and said, “Show Tim what you’ve got, honey.” He lifted the pillow out of her lap.
“Promise me you won’t get mad first.”
He nodded and she stuck out her chest, pushing her boobs up and out. “Give him a good look, honey.” Bill said and began unbuttoning the little eyehooks holding her bustier closed. Once he was finished, he pulled it off and proudly showed her to me. Her breasts were beautiful, standing up big and proud, her dark brown nipples stiff and crinkled. Her eyes met mine, and then she watched my eyes rove up and down her body, from her naked breasts down to her flat belly and the little white triangle covering her pussy.
“Wow,” I said, “Yours are even better than the girl’s in the movie, Gina.”
“Yeah, right.”
“No, really. Hers are fake, and yours are real and stand up just as good as hers.”
“They sure do,” Bill said, his hands going to her breasts. I noticed he had taken all of his clothes off except his boxers. He stroked her nipples for a moment and then pulled her to him for a kiss. As they kissed, he maneuvered her until she was stretched out flat on her back. His head bent to her breasts and he sucked one of her nipples into his mouth.
Our eyes met again. She was staring at me, watching my reaction, as Bill worked on her breasts, going back and forth, from one to the other. When I reached down and cupped my crotch, she gave a loud moan. Bill lifted his head up then and stretched out on his side beside her. What a sight she was—all that creamy brown skin stretched out on red satin in nothing but a pair of thigh highs and a little pair of white panties. Her eyes were going back and forth, from Bill to me, watching us stare at her body.
“Give Tim a panty shot, hon,” Bill said arranging her so that her crotch was pointed at me.
“You look so hot, Gina,” I said.
“If you think that looks good, take a look at this,” he said, lifting the crotch of her panties aside so that I could see her wet pussy.
“Let me have a closer look,” I said, getting down on the mat with them. “It’s beautiful,” I said. The pale brown lips were glistening, and her pink clit was sticking up out of its hood. I was so excited I could scarcely breath, and my voice sounded as if it were coming from far away.
“He’s looking at it, isn’t he? Your brother’s looking at my pussy.” She moaned and threw her head back. When she closed her eyes and started biting at her lower lip, I began stripping off my own clothes. Then as she started to say, “Maybe Tim should leave … ,” Bill began to gently finger her pussy and clit. It didn’t take long before she started moving her hips in a fucking motion.
He said, “Don’t you like it?” and moved to kiss her.
“Oooh yes, my clit feels like it’s jumping, but are you sure you not gonna get mad at me?” His mouth muffled her words.
“Mad? I want you to do it. Take her panties off, Tim,” he said.
She lifted her hips, and I immediately began pulling them down off her legs. “Maybe Tim should leave now. So we can, you know ...”
“Go ahead and touch her pussy,” he said to me. “Look, hon,” he said to her as I cupped her mound in my hand.
She lifted her head and watched me work on her pussy. “Oh, you’re naked,” she said to me. Her face was twisted, and she had a dazed look in her eyes as she stared at my hard dick. “Oh my God. You want him to fuck me, don’t you?” she said.
I picked that moment to begin licking at the lips of her succulent pussy.
“Unh-huh,” Bill said, kissing her neck before moving down to her breasts.
As he sucked one of her nipples into his mouth, I moved up to her clit so I could tease it with my tongue. “Oh God, you two guys are making me crazy.” Her hips were bucking so hard I could barely keep my mouth on her.
Bill stood up and started peeling off his underwear. I looked up past her flat tummy to her big breasts to see that she was watching me eat her. “Don’t stop,” she said. “I’m going to do it … Now!!! Oohh yesss … umph …”
Bill had leaned over her and stuck his dick in her mouth. I rose up and tugged her hips up so that she was in a position that I could enter while I was kneeling. I slid in easily and began lifting her hips up and down so that her clit was rubbing against my pubic bone. Her pussy was pulsing and jerking around my dick, and she was coming in a series of multiple orgasms that every guy wants a girl to have.  
It felt so good that I couldn’t hold out for long. “I’m coming,” I groaned, lifting her hips up and down and driving my dick in and out, all at the same time. Suddenly, I felt my body go rigid, and I came in a series of long hard spurts. I didn’t think it was ever going to stop.
“Keep sucking, hon,” Bill said. “Oh Jesus yes, use your tongue like that.”
After he’d come, we all stretched out on the satin sheets. She lay down between us while we took turns stroking and kissing her and she fondled our dicks until we started to get hard again.
“I guess this is one time fantasy turned out to be better than reality, don’t you think, hon?” Bill said, cupping her pussy in his hand. She moaned in appreciation. “Turn over,” he said to her.
She rolled over onto her stomach and cradled her head in her arms. She had a dreamy look on her face as we stroked her back and that lovely ass.
“Go ahead,” Bill said.
“Do you mean what I think you do?”
He nodded his head. “This is her favorite part of the fantasy.”
She gasped when I smeared some of the cum that was dripping from her pussy onto her little brown eye. One of her hands grasped Bill’s and she said, “We’re really going to do it, aren’t we?”
I knelt between her cheeks and started working my dick in as gently as I could. “Easy,” she said, once I popped past her sphincter. She began to lift her ass up and down to meet my thrusts. “That’s it, fuck it nice and slow until I get used to it.”
“Is it good, baby?” Bill asked as I shoved it in really deep.
“Uunh-huh. That’s it,” she said, “just a little harder now. Like that.”
“It’s so fucking tight, Gina,” I said.
“You like it? You like fucking my ass?” She said in a husky voice.
“I love it. It’s my first time.”
“I’m glad it’s with me.”
After a few moments, Bill said, “Roll her over now.”
Keeping my dick buried in her as deep as I could get it, I rolled us over so that she was on top of me, face up. Bill knelt between our thighs and started working his dick into her pussy. I could feel his dick rubbing against mine through the narrow membrane that separated us. It felt good, but I don’t know if I would have liked it if it would have been a different guy. He picked up the pace, fucking her with deep, strong strokes. Soon she was jerking her hips to meet his movements and was moaning and screaming about how good it felt to have two dicks in her. I don’t know how long he fucked her like that, but it seemed like a long, long time. Suddenly, they both stiffened and started coming in a simultaneous orgasm.
Afterwards, since I hadn’t been able to move too well in that position, I rolled her back over onto her stomach and fucked her ass hard. She said something about being all fucked out but met my thrusts with her own to help me get off. I think I came even harder than I had the first time.
When she went off to the bathroom later, Bill grinned and said, “Well, I guess you know what’s next.”
“You, me, Marcie, and Gina all together, right?”
We both grinned at the idea.