Tina was staring at the computer screen, but not finding much information. The internet was highly censored these days and her topic of choice was a controversial one: locations without a slave trade. She knew that many European countries had outlawed the trade but there was really little information as to what she could do about herself and Mike. She rolled her eyes and rubbed her forehead. It was just frustrating really; that there was nothing in the world she could do to end their troubles, that she was so helpless.

Mike had told her that he loved her. That alone was enough to make her hold her chest, breathe deeply and shudder, as she absolutely had butterflies. Mike loved her, despite the fact that his entire life had been a morality lesson on not falling in love with the person who owned you.

She was about to turn off the computer when a message popped on screen.

Blaine Anderson: Hey Tina, still having issues?

That was an understatement. Tina debated just clicking out of the message and turning off her computer, because she was not in the mood to talk, but instead she answered Blaine.

Tina Cohen-Chang: Uh yeah. I guess.

Blaine Anderson: Check your mail today, ok? I sent you a little something that might make it a little easier to remember your status.

Tina Cohen-Chang: Oh yeah?

Blaine Anderson: Yep. Well I gotta go Tina. Hope my little gift helps.

Now, Tina was curious. “Mike!” she called, and within a couple of seconds, Mike was right at her side. It was rare that they weren’t joined at the hip, honestly, and the only time they were ever apart was when Tina attended school.

“Hi,” he said, his eyes lighting up a little just at her presence. It was unnerving sometimes but made her heart skip a couple of beats anyway.

“Was there any mail for me today while I was at school?” she asked. “My friend Blaine said that he sent me something.”

Mike nodded at her words. “Yeah I noticed a package this morning. Nina has it downstairs.”

“Come with me,” she said.

She and Mike walked down to the kitchen and found the box sitting on the table, Tina’s name written on the front. Tina wondered what Blaine could have sent her and opened up the box. When she saw something distinctly phallic inside, she looked at Mike and frowned. “I think this is best opened upstairs,” she said.

They headed up to Tina’s room. Now she was curious. She pulled back the flaps of the box.

"What the hell?" Tina asked, as she pulled thing after horrifying thing from the delivery box. Seriously? What kind of girl did Blaine Anderson think that she was? She pulled out something that looked awfully like a bullwhip, a bondage hood and some metal spikes. Mike's eyes widened a little, slightly horrified, and she returned his disturbed look. "Trust me Mike, I have no idea," she said, picking up and fingering a ball gag. She set it down and then found the distinctly phallic device, a way too big vibrator.

Mike peered into the box and pulled out a full out chastity device with leather rings and tiny padlocks. "Please tell me that's not going anywhere near me," he said, glaring some, playfully. "Why'd he send you this?"

The note on the box read: Little reminder of the fun part of having a slave xo Blaine.

Tina crossed her arms. “Because, I asked him for advice about being in love with you,” she said, huffily. “And he’s projecting his own issues about being in love with his slave Kurt, I know it. Asshole.”

Mike picked up a set of suspension restraints from the box, then picked up the gag, and then winked at Tina. “Hey, a lot of this stuff is sick, but maybe he can be some help to us.”

She gasped. “You are such a pervert.”

He smiled. “I am. And you love it.”

“What do you want to do?” Tina asked Mike, a mischievous smirk on her face. She pulled him over by the arm and dragged a hand down his chest, up his shirt. She couldn’t help herself; she just loved touching Mike’s chest and abs. He had the sexiest body that she had ever seen in her entire life. “I think that it’s been too long since you and I just had fun.”

“It’s been a day and a half.”

“Too long.”

“Would you trust me to take the lead?” Mike asked, hesitantly at first.

Tina’s heart thumped uncomfortably in her chest and she nodded eagerly.
“Would you take it?” she asked. He was her slave but it was obvious that they were so much more and while Tina enjoyed dominating in the bedroom, she had been so turned on when Mike took the lead in pleasuring her last time. A good even couple should be able to switch it up anyway.

He nodded.

“What would you do to me?” she asked.

“I would tie you up from that hook up there, using these,” he said, his voice low. “I’d blindfold you so you couldn’t see what I was doing. The rest, well for the rest, you would have to trust me.”

“Oh god yes. Okay.”

Tina shivered a little bit; she was unable to help the way that this turned her on. Everything was just heated up inside at the idea of letting Mike take total control. Mike picked a blindfold out of the box and the last thing Tina saw was his sexy smirk. She had to admit, as she adjusted to the sudden dark, that she was a little on the nervous side. Tina wouldn't call herself a control freak by any means but she wasn't used to totally giving up control. It wasn’t in her place to give up control though and Tina was all about shaking up the concept of places.

"I'm right here," Mike soothed, putting a hand on her wrist. This did bring Tina to a slower, calmer place. He led her back to the bed and sat her down. She listened to clinking and clanging as Mike set his things up.

"I'm nervous Mike," she said.

The clinking and clicking was nothing short of unnerving. "Do you trust me?" Mike asked, and all of a sudden she felt his hand in her skirt, rubbing her through her panties. She shuddered, knowing he could probably feel how turned on she was, just from his voice and the prospect of being dominated, letting him call the shots. He very gently rubbed his thumb along the crotch of her panties, waiting for an answer.

"I do," she practically moaned as he helped her stand up.

He stripped off her clothes, underwear and skirt, then he unbuttoned her top, undoing and slipping off her bra. She was naked except for the blindfold, something that made her feel so vulnerable, open. Then, Mike slid his hands over her hips, moving her. He raised her arms by the wrist and oh god - bound them above her. Tina practically cried out at that, but she was shaking with pleasure. She was bound and he could do whatever he pleased to her. Tina was his for a moment, in the same way that Mike was supposed to be hers.

Tina pulled at the bindings to make sure that they were tight. They weren't budging in the slightest. "We can thank your friend Blaine for fantastic material," Mike said in a low voice, lips against her neck. Tina practically moaned with pleasure at the feel off his lips on her exposed skin. He traveled down her body, before he reached her right breast and kissed the tender flesh, sucking at the nipple. She shuddered and she wanted to move or touch or do something, but that power wasn't granted to her. She couldn't even take the pressure off of her wrists. It was fantastic.

Ignoring the more sadistic ideas of her “friend,” Mike had apparently strode over to Tina’s funtime drawer, because the next thing she felt was the tip of something feathery against her chest. “We never used this before, have we?” Mike said, and Tina guessed that it was the feathered crop that she had bought on her last trip to the sex shop (yes Santana had made fun of her but wanted to know all of the details). She moaned a little bit, whole body lost in the sensation of the feathered sides trailing over her skin.

He tapped her lightly, on the thigh, not enough to hurt but enough to make her spread her legs and moan his name.

“Mike, please.”

“Please what?” he asked, his mouth so close to her lips that she could feel his hot breath there.

“I just need…touch.”

His fingers grazed over her skin, her thighs, her stomach, her legs, but never quite there. She had never known that Mike had such a teasing nature. Tina could really only think about orgasm – about coming, about finding release but the best part was the fact that she was powerless to do so. If she hadn’t been restrained in this awkward position, she would have already touched herself, rubbed on something, did something to bring it to herself.

Mike knew that.

The tickle of the feathers ran very close to where she wanted and she shuddered. When she didn’t feel his touch for a moment, she whimpered.

His fingers plunging inside of her and his lips making contact with hers came as a complete surprise. Tina would have screamed if not for the fact that Mike’s lips were pressed so firmly against hers and he was slowly working his tongue past her lips. The muffled “ung,” she made was enough.

Two fingers pumping in and out of her, Mike’s thumb rubbed at her experimentally, light and then firm strokes. She rocked back and her knees went weak, but Mike’s free hand wrapped around her and kept her from hurting herself.

When she came she practically shrieked it out loud.