When he leaves Karnak, Daniel swears to himself that he will have nothing more to do with Adrian Veidt, or Ozymandias, or any entity funded by, or any product manufactured by Veidt Enterprises. He sets up a new home with Laurie not far from the ruins of central New York and works on Archie in his spare time whilst writing books on owls for a speciality publisher in New Jersey. He donates to the charities not supported by Veidt Enterprises that are helping to rebuild the devastated city and switches the television set off whenever one of Adrian's commercials starts up.

Dan's doing fine, really. He repeats it to himself daily, trying not to think of Rorschach's final moments, or the way Adrian allowed Dan to pummel him after the farce of humanity's supposed salvation had been played out. He tries to forget the martyred, resigned look on Adrian's eyes as he let the blows rain down on his face.

He goes out with Laurie some nights and patrols the city, taking savage pleasure in roughing up any delinquents he encounters, but these are few on the ground now. Veidt's new Utopia is apparently a great success; crime is down thirty percent in the first six months after Dr Manhattan's great attack on humanity. There is not a lot that Dan can do, apart from chasing down pickpockets and bag-snatchers, and Laurie worries about the new viciousness of his attacks which usually leave his victims fighting to breathe. She asks if he wants to talk about it, but he shakes his head and, as a way of distracting her from the topic, pulls her to the bedroom where he fucks her roughly, his head buried in the curve of her neck. Her heels dig into his back and leave red marks there that last for a few days.

Dan arranges Hollis Mason's funeral as well, on a cold winter's evening in December, with the rain falling in sheets. He delivers a stuttering eulogy to his mentor, clutching a crumpled scrap of paper, to the few surviving veterans gathered to farewell the first Nite Owl. Hollis' remains had been cremated before the attack, so they stand around the urn that holds his ashes in an anonymous funeral parlour. Dan doesn't cry, but feels his throat tighten up dangerously at several moments during the speech. Angry, annoyed with himself, he tells Laurie to head home first (she replies that she's going to see her mother, who has recently rented an apartment not too far from where they stay). He takes a walk through what's left of Central Park, casually dislocating the shoulder of a hoodlum who tries to relieve him of his wallet, and scares off a pack of wandering teenagers who roam about looking for easy prey by breaking their leader's nose. Eventually he finds himself at Veidt Towers (which, somehow, managed to survive the worst of the Manhattan attack with little more than cosmetic damage) and scowls his way past security guards who let him in, recognising him as one of Mr Veidt's personal friends. Dan pushes the button in the elevator for Adrian's penthouse and tries not to think of the last time he was here, swatting the memories away like irritating flies.

Annoyingly, the elevator stops at the main level of Veidt Enterprises instead and his new personal assistant is about to refuse Dan entry when Adrian walks out of his office with a gaggle of reporters who are fawning over him, as usual, copying down everything he says with rabid enthusiasm. Resplendently dressed in his CEO outfit of purple blazer, black shirt and woolen trousers, he looks every inch the confident businessman who has a plan to rebuild his ruined city. After a beat he realises Dan is there and holds up a finger. One second.

"Ladies and gentlemen." Dan can hear the professionalism in Adrian's tone that is both polite and firm, "Thank you, again, for taking the time to come to Veidt Towers today. Your papers' support, along with that of your readers, will ensure that the efforts of the salvage crews working here will not go unappreciated - we will have our city back to her former glory as quickly and efficiently as possible. On that you have my word. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have another appointment that I am already late for. Matilda will show you the way out. Have a good evening." Veidt indicates his assistant, who scrambles to herd the journalists into the elevator Dan's just vacated.

"Dan!" The smile is as bright and as false as any that Adrian's ever given to the paparazzi or annoying hangers-on, but Dan chooses to ignore its superficiality and allows himself to be enveloped in Veidt's sure embrace. It wouldn't do to let fly with his fists just yet, and he knows his ego wouldn't take very well to being beaten down in public. A few journalists whisper and wonder who Dan is but Adrian whisks him into the office quickly, slamming the heavy wooden doors shut behind him and locking them with a deft flick of his wrist.

For a minute they don't say anything, and Dan watches as Adrian moves to stare out at the vast wastelands outside his glass window. A blimp for the New Frontiersman drifts by, and Dan is reminded of Rorschach and his last mail drop-off to the paper's offices. His anger, which had dissipated somewhat during his walk here, rises again. How dare Veidt stand here, as immaculately groomed as ever, and preach restoration for the city he has destroyed and the people whom he murdered on his road to peace? Dan thinks about Karnak and the snow and the stark contrast of red against white and has to stop himself from rushing Adrian and strangling the life out of him.

"Why are you here, Dan?" Adrian asks, breaking Dan's silent reverie. "I was under the impression you were avoiding me like the proverbial plague."

Daniel doesn't answer. He can't.

"Ah." Adrian says after a few seconds of silence. "I understand."

It is that same, arrogant, knowing tone that Dan has heard a few too many times and it proves the trigger for his outburst.

"You understand nothing, you fucking monster!" Without thinking, he's stalked up to Veidt, balled up his hand into a fist, and takes a swing at that calmly patient face. Dan can't be sure if Adrian didn't anticipate the blow, or if it's a replay of Antarctica and he's letting Dan pummel him out of a misplaced sense of sacrifice, but the punch catches Veidt on the chin, snaps his head back, bloodies his lip. Adrian falls back into his luxuriously padded desk chair like so much dead meat and Dan continues to rain blows down on him, hitting indiscriminately, landing them anywhere he can; he hits Veidt's belly, chest, arms, slaps Adrian across the face.

Not once does Adrian raise a hand to stop him.

After about three minutes Dan stops, alarmed to feel himself breathing heavily. Adrian's still conscious, though his face now sports a myriad of colourful bruises and his nose and upper lip are bleeding. His eyes watch Dan, but he still says nothing. He reaches into his pocket for a lilac handkerchief and cleans himself up after it's clear that Dan doesn't intend to hit him any further. Outside, the rain falls even harder, hitting the glass like bullets.

"You're insane," Dan whispers. "You think you have society worked out, that you understand human nature, but you're wrong! You sit up here like some ancient emperor, thinking that all your calculations will save humanity from itself, imagining you're like Rameses or Alexander, and that they're the only people who would ever understand your sad delusions. But they're dead, Adrian. Dead; like all those people you killed! And even if they were alive they wouldn't be as fucked up as you are!"

He raises a hand and thinks about hitting Adrian again, then realises that Adrian is waiting for him to do it, chin raised, eyes glinting like the cold edge of a knife. He lowers his fist, notes the bulge in Veidt's trousers.

"You're sick." He spits. He turns to go, fumbling with the lock on the door in his haste to leave. As he opens the door, he hears Adrian's voice behind him, low and velvety, a touch of breathlessness.

"You'll be back, Daniel."

And a part of him, that Dan is secretly scared of, knows Adrian is right. He slams the doors behind him, as hard as he can.

***

When he gets home that night, Laurie's eyes are worried and she asks him where he's been, and for so long, in the dark. And his clothes are all soaked through and Dan, God damn it, you should know better than to wander around in the freezing cold -

"I'm fine," Dan tells her. "I took a walk down to Chinatown to get something to eat and I think I must have stayed too long."

Dan's never lied to her before, and the frightening thing is, it's very easy to do when she hugs him close and tells him to forget it.

The next three weeks pass without further incident. Dan helps the Ornithological Society of America complete a study on the survival of the Barn Owl as a result of the encroaching urban sprawl in the state of Vermont, when he finds out that part of the study is being funded by the scientific division of Veidt Enterprises. He drops the assignment as quickly as possible, and Laurie nods understandingly when he tells her of his decision over dinner (take-out Chinese this time). They still patrol the streets, though now Laurie has a steady job as a volunteer at the re-built Central Park Zoo, Dan goes out more and more on his own. The crime rate is still annoyingly low and often he simply flies Archie in endless circles high above the city, consciously not letting himself drift too close to the purple beacon of Veidt Towers.

The rain isn't letting up, even though spring is fast approaching. Dan tinkers with Archie one stormy night while Laurie tells him about the new tigers the zoo will be getting in winter.

"They're from Siberia," she tells him, while Dan's trying to refill Archie's oil tank. "Apparently Adrian helped with the negotiations to bring them over. It's crazy, the way everyone's still so in love with him! If they knew half of what he's done -"

"They don't." Dan frowns, puts down the oil can. "The New Frontiersman ran excerpts from Rorschach's diary, remember? Everyone just said it was garbage. No one wants to think of Adrian as a villain; he's built his name up way too solidly for a small tabloid like the Frontiersman to have any effect on his reputation. People think he's damn near perfect."

Laurie snorts. "Well, I pity them."

Dan wonders if he does. Stepping back from the exposed innards of Archie's engine, he knocks over the oil can and swears quietly under his breath. The oil forms a black slick that takes ten washes to clean away. He tries not to think of the Arctic as he pushes the mop around, trying to soak up the stain.

The Ornithological Society fires Dan a letter a week later, asks him to reconsider his resignation from the project. Adrian Veidt, they say, only promised his backing on account of Dan being assigned to the study in the first place. With Dan gone, the study is no longer viable and thousands of Barn Owls are in danger of losing their habitats to manicured suburbs and strip malls.

"It's not as though we didn't think you were well-qualified on your own," the project director tells him when he phones the day after Dan gets the letter, "but with both you and Mr. Veidt onboard, it'd just be - well. It'd just look so much better for us. Say, how come you never told us that the two of you were friends in the first place?"

"There really wasn't an appropriate situation," Dan bites out.

"Oh, well." There is a pause and Dan can hear the director clearing his throat. That means he's not going to like what the other man has to say. "Look, we've set up a meeting between you and him next week. Could you please just at least pretend that you're still working with us? Say that there was a misunderstanding? Hell, I know the man's got a little queer thing goin' on, but if he wants to help our research just pretend to flirt with him a little, will ya, Dan?"

"What? No! This is ridiculous! I never agreed to whore myself out for -"

"Do this as a personal favour. For me and the rest of the team. Those of us still alive here, anyway. Thanks, Dan, you're one in a million!"

The phone is put down immediately on the other end of the line and Dan finds himself shouting at static. He puts down the phone, aghast at Fate's cruelty.

"Oh, hell."

***

Dan takes Archie out the night before his meeting with Veidt. He's still not sure if he's actually going to go along with it, but it's been weighing on his mind recently. He didn't tell Laurie. He doesn't know why.

Pointing Archie towards the ruins of New York that are slowly being rebuilt, he flies at a lower altitude than usual, observing the reconstruction efforts more closely than he's done before. It galls him to realise that Adrian is doing a decent job rebuilding the city. Already the gigantic sinkhole at the epicentre of the blast has been filled in and a memorial is being constructed, no doubt it will be tasteful and display some trite sentences about the dead and their sacrifice. Cynicism twists Dan's lips and he flies away, upwards, towards the moon that shines more brightly now that the smog of the city doesn't reach so far into the atmosphere anymore. It is a clear night, for once, and Dan enjoys the sights of the city for a moment before returning home.

"You're back early," Laurie remarks later, while he gets undressed. She's reading a book about Siberian tigers tonight. "Big plans for tomorrow, huh?"

"What?"

"Your calender," she points at the cheap wall calender that's currently displaying a disgustingly cute-looking Burrowing Owl, "you've circled tomorrow in red. Something to do with the bird people?"

"Yeah. I guess you could say that," Dan mutters, turning out the lights. "I've got to meet an old friend. They think it'll be good for the society if we secure this guy's support."

"I see. You guys talk much?"

"Almost never, these days." He admits. She sighs, turns on her side so she's facing him, slips an arm around his waist.

"You should change that, Dan. Life's too short for you to lose touch with people. You and I know that better than anybody."

"Hmm." Dan answers, but she's fallen asleep. He wonders if she would appreciate the irony in her last statement, wonders if Jon will suddenly materialise and tell her what Dan's been hiding, but there is no sudden flash of blue, and he falls asleep quickly.

***

In the end, the meeting goes surprisingly well. It might have to do with the fact that the project director has decided to come along as well, a fact that Dan is quietly thankful for. Adrian doesn't look even a little annoyed that an interloper has joined them, but is all professional courtesy and wide smiles, offering the man a glass of fine aged Scotch before they start, immediately getting on his good side. Dan finds he doesn't have to do much at all. He simply sits at the imposingly low visitor's chairs at Adrian's black onyx desk and watches the rain fall, listening to the ebb of the conversation. The project director sounds like a squawking sea-gull, all misplaced energy and constantly shifting focus, talking about the study's aims and the team that's been assembled, and where they are so far with the research, whilst Veidt just sits and listens, an indulgent look in his eyes as the director outlines plans for the conservation of the woodlands in Vermont. The bruises from Dan's last visit have all but faded, and Veidt looks as inhumanly perfect as ever.

The director talks himself hoarse after an hour and points to Dan, "Mr Dreiberg is back onboard, as you can see. He's very excited about the benefits our study will have for the Barn Owl population. In fact he's very interested in owls of all sorts. Aren't you, Dan?"

"Indeed." Veidt raises an elegant eyebrow in Dan's direction. "I am well aware of Daniel's predilection for, ah, night birds. Look, Mr Avis, Veidt Enterprises will be more than happy to continue funding for the project; it is our goal, of course, to take responsibility for any effects our industrial activities have on the environment. However, I'd much prefer it if Daniel here wasn't being forced into anything against his will. If he has any personal objections to my funding, I'd like to hear his reasons -"

"Well!" Avis starts up, blustering like a panicked gull, "I'm sure that won't be necessary. I-It was all a big misunderstanding! He's here today, after all -"

"Alone." Adrian regards Avis with a steady stare. "Dan and I haven't seen each other for a while and we need to catch up, but let me show you out first. Matilda has a few documents for you to look over when you have the time. And will you be requiring transportation anywhere?"

Before Dan properly grasps what's going on, Avis has already been shown out the door. The click of the lock sliding into place jerks him from his steady contemplation of raindrops against the glass window and he scowls at Adrian.

"Drink?" Veidt asks, moving to the minibar and pouring himself a full tumbler of brandy. Dan doesn't answer. "Oh come on, Daniel. Do stop acting like a three year-old. Of course I'll continue funding that silly little study of yours, although it's obvious that the woodlands Avis is talking about will be completely gone in the next year or so, if the big construction companies have anything to say. But Brown Owls are mightily adaptive, you know. Give it three years and the native population will be back up to normal numbers."

"Damn you," Dan mutters, finally finding his voice again. He turns to face Veidt. "It was just something to occupy my time! Don't you think I knew what the outcome of the study would be? I've studied these birds ever since I was a kid! Damn you, Adrian; you know I only signed on to it because it'd help take my mind off everything else you've been putting the whole world through these past few months! God damn you, do you know how much Laurie and I have had to sacrifice, keeping your disgusting secret to ourselves? How it's just eaten away at me? And all you can do is just stand there and ask me if I want a drink? What is wrong with you, Adrian?"

"Do you think I'm completely inhuman, Dan?" Adrian walks forward, looks out the window. "From the very moment of its conception in my mind, I have punished myself for what I've done. I've tried to feel for every single life that I've extinguished Every single name and every single face. I can't even make you comprehend the burden of guilt I have borne. But sacrifices had to be made, and now look at what your silence has helped to secure! The future of humankind!" His expansive gesture takes in the city in one sweep, and Dan can see the workers in their bulldozers and cranes, helping to clear away rubble before new buildings are erected in place of destroyed ones.

"Just shut up! I've heard this story before!" Dan throws back. "God, I don't even know why I agreed to come in the first place. Should've just stayed at home -"

"Yes," Adrian looks back at him. "Why are you here, Dan? I suppose Avis pulled the funding card, not that you couldn't find the money for the study yourself if you'd wanted. Oh and I imagine he asked you to 'take one for the team'? Played on your survivor guilt too, no doubt -"

"I did it because he's a friend and this was important for the Society!"

"Oh, really? Dan, please. Whilst I don't doubt your altruistic motivations for a minute, if you were really so bent on avoiding me, as you seem to be doing most nights in that little ship of yours, you would have found some way of getting out of today's meeting. And yet, here you are. Like you were a month ago. I don't need to be a genius to tell you that you're returning for a reason."

Dan is incensed. "And that is?"

A shrug of those immaculately-clad shoulders, but it's the knowing look in Veidt's eyes that undoes him. Dan reaches over, knocks the glass from Adrian's hand to the floor. Two steps is all it takes for him to reach Adrian and push him against the window, and Dan's hands encircle Veidt's neck all too easily. He squeezes, and is morbidly gratified to see Adrian turn a faint shade of pink. Dan's panting heavily in contrast to Adrian's struggle for breath, but the other man doesn't fight him and Dan wishes Adrian would at least try and fight him back as he squeezes the life out of him. But he is motionless. Like in Antarctica. Dan remembers useless kicks and flailing punches and cold logical reasoning, and his hands release their grip on Adrian's neck.

Veidt exhales shakily, leans back against the glass, his pale skin mottled with red marks where Dan's grasped him. He closes his eyes, looks as though he's dead, and suddenly Dan finds himself gathering handfuls of Adrian's shirt, pulling him close.

"You don't get to take the easy way out, you bastard!" He whispers harshly.

Then, for no reason he can fathom, Dan is pressing his lips against Adrian's. It's disgusting, his mind screams, and somewhere Dan can hear Rorschach going on about whores and decay, but then Adrian is responding, lips parting underneath Dan's, their tongues touching, sliding together. Dan tries to stop himself, but it feels as though he's drowning. His hands grip Veidt's shirt even more tightly and it is as though they're fighting again, and Adrian is finally responding, the first sign of any emotion Dan's ever noticed. His kisses are insistent, demanding, and Dan feels himself leaning forward, pressing Adrian against the glass again and Adrian is mewling into his mouth like a satisfied cat. A hand slides down, cups Dan's growing erection through the material of his trousers, and Dan finally jerks back to reality. Realises what he's just done.

"No!" He roars, horror gripping coldly at his insides. "No, this is wrong!"

Dan didn't want this. He didn't. He can't have. No. No no no. Dan can still see the desperate look on Rorschach's face, the calm serenity of Jon's eyes. He can see the tattered fedora coming to rest on the once virgin snow. He wants to scream at the grotesqueness of it all as he feels his world turning in on him. Instead he staggers backward and tries to remember how to breathe.

Adrian is leaning against the window, studying Dan's face, his own expression closed. Dan sees him watching, feels the rage building up again, swings at Adrian's face. The punch is wild, and it only delivers a glancing blow to Veidt's cheekbone. But Dan isn't around to see Adrian's reaction. He's already running out the office.

He knows he'll be seeing Adrian again, but Dan promises himself, as he leaves Veidt Towers that the next time, he'll kill Adrian.

He can hear Rorschach's cynical snarl in his mind as he hurries back home.