*

The day is long for Cam and endlessly frustrating. He hasn't managed to get any sleep in 48 hours but still as soon as things have calmed down enough for him to leave the base, he sets out for Vala's. He doesn't even care that it's almost two in the morning... he wants sleep, and he wants her.

Cam lets himself in the back way. He's sure Sal wouldn't approve of him having the key even to the back hallway, but Vala wanted him to have it and Cam isn't about to turn it down.

It's dark, strange to be here this late at night walking through the hallways, but he feels better as soon as he puts his hand on the doorknob. Vala is asleep, tucked up in bed after a long and particularly annoying day at work. The customers were bitchy, her feet hurt and she missed Cam. She's still sleeping peacefully and he keeps as quiet as he can while he strips down to just his shorts.

He feels her start to stir once he pulls down the covers, getting in beside her.

"What--?" Vala mumbles, turning over in her bed to see who it was slipping into her bed. ".... Cam?"

"Hey," he says, voice soft and hushed. "Didn't mean to wake you up, I just wanted to see you. Hope this is okay."

He doesn't really think she'll mind but right now he wants to hear it anyway.

"Save the world?" She asks him softly, smiling sleepily at him.

"Little bit," he mumbles, kissing the top of her head. "For today. Just hafta save it again tomorrow though."

"More tomorrow?" She mumbles making a rather sad, pathetic noise. "Let someone else save it tomorrow. Sleep in."

"Sleepin' in," Cam agrees, eyes already heavy. "Mind if I crash here?"

"You had better," she whispers. Smiling, she wraps her arms around his neck and pulls him down and into her for a kiss. Both of them are sleepy and their lips hardly move but that is okay, Vala still enjoys just being able to have him there next to her.

"How's your day?" He asks, just because he wants to hear her talk. He loves her voice... should tell her that some time...

"It was long. We had a bunch of customers that just could not be pleased by anything and the day seemed to drag on and like it would never end."

"Mmm..." He sort of hums a response, wanting her to keep going. "My day... had snakes..."

He snickers to himself, though he can't explain it.

"What?" Vala laughs, not having a clue what it is he's talking about. She nuzzles her nose into his and smiles. "Look, there was ... something really important I wanted to tell you the other night. I don't know how to really tell you this, I mean, its not something I could really tell just anyone but I need you to know because I need you to go with me. I will be leaving soon. Not just any kind of leaving though I'm talking about really leaving because see... I uh, I have this ship and I'm actually an alien hiding out here on Earth until I could get it fixed and get away from the people who are chasing me. And I didn't expect to be here this long or to find someone like you but I have and now... Now I don't want you to stay. Please come with me Cameron...?"

Cam's response comes in the form of a quiet snore. He's fallen asleep, the long day catching up with him.

"Cam?" Vala asks softly, nudging him slightly with her shoulder only to get another deep snore out of him. There was no way he heard anything she said, he was probably half asleep when he asked how her day was.

She sighs and tucks herself up next to him, resigned that she's going to have to have this conversation with him at some point.

*

The next morning dawns slowly. Vala is giving herself a morning lie in and doesn't bother with the alarm, quickly shutting it off before it even has a chance to go off. She smiles to herself and rolls back into the middle of the bed and back into Cam's arms.

"Morning," Cam says, giving her a kiss and pulling her to him. He yawns widely, jaw popping, and it feels great. "Oh, man. I had some crazy dreams."

He reaches up and runs his fingers through his hair. She doesn't say anything, which he takes as a sign to keep talking.

"Had this one... you were from another planet and someone was chasing you... crazy, huh?" He laughs. Of course, it's really no surprise to him that he'd dream something like that, considering that the both Vala, and chases with aliens, were two things he spent a lot of time involved with lately. But he thinks that she'll still find it amusing, and it seems harmless to divulge.

Vala pauses before breaking into a smile. "Yeah, weird. So what was chasing me? Something green with lots of eyes?"

He laughs.

"Nah... aliens kinda just... looked like us." It was actually Ba'al, but Cam can't say that to her. He stretches again then settles in, enjoying the comfort of the bed and looking at her. "I hope me just crashing here was okay."

"Of course its fine," Vala replies, smiling widely at him. "You know I'm happy to have you here with me." She leans in and presses her lips to his, kissing him lightly. "Would have liked it even more if you had slipped into bed without the pants."

"Well, I can always take them off now," Cam says. He reaches under the covers and shoves them down, yanking them off and then tossing them onto the floor. "There, that better? I mean, you're the gracious host, I want to make you happy..."

"Much better," Vala purrs, agreeing with him. She Leans in and wraps her hand around him and begins to stroke slowly.

"Now, this seems more like you making me happy than the other way around..." He's not complaining, far from it, just stating the fact. He reaches out and runs his hand down her back, wanting to feel her skin.

"I like it. Like the different noises you make." She runs her thumb over the tip of his cock and grins when she hears him groan out. "Mm, like that one."

"That one's... a particular favorite of mine, too." Cam makes that noise when she so obligingly does it again. "Then again, I don't think you've found a trick yet that I wasn't a fan of."

"That's good, glad to hear it." She smiles and begins to wrap her fingers around his balls, playing with them too.

His balls tighten under her playful manipulation, his cock hard and starting to leak. Vala knows just where he's most sensitive now and knows how to toy with him until he's panting for more.

He knows how much she likes hearing him, so he doesn't try to stay quiet. He's vocal in letting her know exactly what gets him going.

"Ooh, very nice." She smiles and kisses him under his chin, nipping gently at his adam's apple.

"More," he says, reaching for her, wanting more of her... and for her to touch more of him.

Grinning, Vala slides her body over on top of his, wrapping her legs on either side of his body. "Can have lots more," she says quietly, smiling at him.

"Vala..." He murmurs her name, cupping her face in his hands and drawing her mouth down to his for the kind of kiss that he craves.

She opens her mouth to him and kisses him deep and long. Blindly she reaches out to the bedside table, fumbling until she gets her hand into the drawer and around an unopened condom.

It takes him a moment to realize what she's doing but he wholeheartedly approves. He doesn't make any movement to take it from her, wanting to feel her fingers putting it on him.

With just a few flicks of her fingers she has it opened and sliding down onto him. She quickly strokes him a few more times once again before she pushes the covers back and begins to knee up his body.

He reaches down and holds himself in place while she lowers her body over his. "You look so hot riding me," he says, reaching up to push her hair out of her face.

She tosses her hair back and smiles down at him. She continues to move her hips, rocking and riding him nice and slow.

"Oh, just like that..." He puts his hands on her hips, guiding her just a little faster, loving how she feels moving on him. "How are you so hot?"

"You're just lucky I guess," she pants. Leaning forward, she braces her hands on her bedframe and begins to move her hips faster and harder than before.

You're telling me," he says, grinning. So lucky...

But as much as he likes her riding him, he has other ideas, too. He wraps his arms around her and pulls her down. They're chest to chest and he's buried inside of her and he kisses her, mouth open on hers. It's too much and he needs to move, to be the one setting the pace.

He rolls them over, pressing her to the bed.

Vala squeals as Cam rolls her over; she's not expecting it and it throws her off. By the time that Cam is above her on the bed, she's laughing and smiling back up at him.

"Oh, someone is feeling feisty this morning," she taunts, thrusting her hips up at him.

"I sleep well in your bed," he says, bending and kissing her neck, meeting her thrusts. "Besides, I"m not the only one feeling feisty right now."

"I like when you sleep in my bed," Vala murmurs, leaning up to kiss him back. "And I certainly like when you feel feisty." Her fingers scrabbled down his back, scratching him as he began to move harder.

"Oh yeah? You like that, baby?" He feels her straining against him, their bodies so close, the sweat slick between them.

"How do you feel?" He looks down at her, nipping at her jaw, kissing her mouth lightly, and then waiting for her to answer.

"So, so very good," she moans, smiling hugely. "You are so good to me." She wriggles underneath him before raising her arms over her head and stretching, showing her tits off for him. She gives her chest a brief shake, teasing him and feeling giddy.

He cups her breast, squeezing it and feeling her press into his hand. He sits back and puts his hands on her legs, lifting them and bending them back against her body. It opens her up to him in a new way, letting him go so much deeper.

"Ooh," she groans, her eyes wide as he pushed deeper into her. She gasped hard and whimpered and began to thrust back up into him. "Come on, come on let me feel it. Give it to me deeper," she begged him.

He laughs. "Anyone ever tell you that you're bossy in bed?"

"What? Me?" She pants and breaks into a huge grin. "No idea what you're talking about." She laughs brightly and shoves her hips at Cam, throwing off his pace.

He laughs, pushing her back into the bed and grabbing her hands, holding them over her head just to watch her squirm. "Oh, see, how do you like that now, huh?"

She gasps and bites her bottom lip as Cam holds her down. She tests the strength of his bonds, surprised when she finds that she can't get out of them. "Ooh, this is a new side Cameron."

He gauges her reaction but nothing he sees in her face leads him to think that she doesn't like it so he doesn't relent. "Well, you know, gotta get a little of my own back... you aren't the only one that gets bossy sometimes. I am a team leader for a reason."

She starts to smile at that. "Do you like to get bossy Cameron? Would you like to ... tell me what to do?" She says it slowly, making sure to enunciate each word for him.

His eyes practically glaze over at that, and he thrusts down, pressing into her. He's still careful with his response, though. "Why? That something that does it for you? Because I kind of figured it'd be the other way around with you..."

Vala would agree that in most cases, she preferred to be the one on top, doing the ordering and teasing her lover. But with Cam, like this, she can't get enough of him holding her down and being over and on top of her. She licks her lips slowly and takes time to respond. "Maybe I like seeing you like this," she says softly. Her own eyes are wide with arousal.

He presses his body against hers a little more just to feel her squirm. He's surprised by this reaction, but some alpha male reaction inside of him is triggered by it and he wouldn't trade Vala the way she normally is for anything but right now, the way she's looking at him? He thinks that it's hot as hell.

She bites down on her lip and finally stills underneath him, letting his weight hold and press her down into the mattress. Her eyes flutter closed for a moment as she just relaxes and finally lets go. A soft smile spreads across her face before she opens her eyes to look back up at Cam, a sort of relaxed calm having gone through her body at finally letting Cam be in control.

Cam doesn't have any interest in pushing any more boundaries this morning. He leans down and kisses her, his mouth gentle, not demanding anything more of her from this. He starts to move again, his body against hers, cock thrusting inside of her.

Vala opens her mouth and slowly kisses him back. Her tongue presses and tangles with his own as she begins to rock her hips back into his, keeping up with his slow, measured pace.

He rests one arm on the pillow by her head and angles himself so he can keep kissing her while upping the pace and speed of his movements inside of her, working them both there.

She's beginning to pant and squirm again, growing restless underneath Cam as her desire grows. "Cam-- are you?" She breathes, trying to figure out how much longer he can last.

He's sheepish when he says, "Not long. You?"

She shakes her head. "No. No I'm--" she cuts herself off as she begins to moan low in the back of her throat. "Ooh, oh fuck Cam!" Reaching down, she begins to rub her clit faster and faster as she pushes up into him. "Fuck there, oh oh yes--" She cries out as her body jerks hard and she comes around him.

He watches her come and then lifts himself up, changing the angle and moving harder and faster until it overtakes him. He groans loudly and turns his face against her neck, mouth open on her skin as he comes inside of her.

She shudders around him once more, wrapping her arms around his body and holding him tightly to her. "Oh damn Cameron," she whispers, unable to even move she feels so exhausted. "That was... I can't even... oh wow."

"I think we're getting pretty good at that," he jokes, breathless. He can't quite live up to the humor in his voice though, because he's shaking slightly, lowering himself onto the bed beside her but not letting go of her.

She curls herself around and against him and smiles. "Yeah, I'd say we are." She gives him a huge dopey grin and leans in to kiss him. "I'd even go so far as to say I kinda like that."

"You... like that we're good at it?" He matches her dopey grin with one of his own, chasing her mouth with his own for another kiss. "Well, I like that you like it, Miss Mal Doran."

"I like that you like that I like it," she taunts back. She allows Cam to catch her mouth before she leans in and kisses him back, her tongue sliding into his own mouth.

He rolls back toward her, hand sliding into her hair and cupping the back of her head to keep her in close. The kisses now lack the drive and direction that the ones before had, but they're all the more intense for the lack of that. It's less about sex and getting there than it is just about enjoying each other right now.

They jump apart when there's a loud banging on the door. "Princess, now is not the day to oversleep. You better get your butt out of bed, we're swamped down here!"

Vala scrunches her nose and throws a pillow in the direction of the door. "Whatever," she yells, burying her face into Cam's shoulder.

Cam groans and says quietly enough that Betty won't hear, "Can't you make her go away?"

"I've tried. Believe me. Nothing has worked so far," Vala whispers back to Cam, her eyes darting to the door as if expecting Betty to somehow materialise through it. "She's like the Termiteator or something."

"Term-" He starts to ask but Betty bangs on the door again.

"You don't get down here in two minutes, I'm taking that key from Sal and coming after you myself!"

Vala starts to grumble and slip out of the bed. "She's serious, you know," she mutters. "Really will." Vala trails off, mumbling to herself a variety of names for Betty as she runs around, looking for her uniform.

"I look like a mess and I'm sure I smell like a Braxilian playhouse," she mutters before flopping onto the bed beside Cam. "You want breakfast?"

"You ever know me to turn down food?" Cam asks, leaning over and kissing her neck. She stretches to give him more room to play, and then whines when he stops. "Come on. I'm more scared of Betty than you, so we better get going."

He gives her a very regretful smile and then grabs his pants.

*

It has taken Vala a few days to get her plan perfected but finally she is ready. She stands at the cover of tunnel on the surface right outside Cheyenne Mountain. She's been studying a basic outline of the mountain and she knows that to get the naquadah she has to get to the bottom of the mountain and the fastest way is straight down the tunnel.

Vala pushes her bangs back and secures her harness. "Right, I got this," she tells herself. She keeps an eye out for guards as she pushes the cover off the tunnel and grabs her rope. She secures the end on the edge of the tunnel and climbs in, ready to finally sink down lower.

*

Cam jogs through the hallway with Carter by his side. They're stopping every now and then, consulting the little beeping device in her hand. He looks to her for either a nod or a shake of the head.

They stop, and he looks; it's a shake, and they keep going.

"How many?" He asks.

"Seventeen." She's barely answered when her radio crackles to lift. "SG-14 checking in; we've got two."

"Fifteen," Sam corrects herself while Cam radios back to say they've gotten the message.

"Fifteen left." The relief is obvious in Cam's voice. "Down from how many?"

"Forty-three. Just cross your fingers that we can get them all before they mate again. Here!" Sam stops and they make a quick turn down a short hallway. She points at the door and Cam gets his modified zat ready to blast.
Reply | Reply to all | Forward | Print | Delete | Show original

*

Vala continues to descend, her feet pressed up against one side of the tunnel and her back up against the other side.

"Right, 28 levels in this damn mountain. Why its so big..." She mutters to herself. She pauses momentarily to check her map, once she reaches the bottom of the tunnel she has another series of halls to get through. Sighing, she folds and puts it back in her pocket and continues down the tunnel until she finally reaches the bottom.

She unclips her harness from the line and grabs a screwdriver, slowly letting herself out of the side wall vent. The hallway is clear but Vala doesn't know how long it will stay that way. She slips into the hall and begins to move quickly. 
Reply | Reply to all | Forward | Print | Delete | Show original

*

"That had to be at least half of the ones that were left," Cam says, panting but victorious after clearing the room.

"Uh, Cam..." Sam says, looking down at her readout.

"Shit. Bad news?"

"Yep..."

"How many?"

"Do you really wanna know?" She says, grimness giving away to almost amusement. These critters are annoying but they are just that - critters.

"Just, yeah. Tell me." Cam avoids a pile of goo and shuts the door behind him as he follows Sam out.

"We're back up to twenty-five. All right, this way."

*

Vala finds another air shaft in just the nick of time, slipping inside and out of sight. She takes a moment to consult her map once more, using a small pen light so she can see. "Right, over this hall and then a left and a right and oh..." She digs down into another pocket and pulls out a handmade naquadah finder and flicks it on. "So yes, left then right."

She pockets the map and the light once more and keeps her naquadah finder out as she begins to crawl and wiggle her way through the small air ducts.

She grumbles as she moves through the tunnels, each duct feeling a bit smaller than the last. "Why it always has to be air ducts I don't know." She huffs softly as she takes another turn and then finally stops halfway down the duct.

"Right, should be it." She looks down at her device and grins, its lit up brightly, flickering and indicating she is right above the large naquadah source.

"So right now I just need a... Brilliant. A hatch." She elbow crawls over to the open air vent and looks down through the grate, not seeing anyone below her. She begins to undo one side of vent before securing her cable and letting it drop down through the hole.

She shimmies and finally crawls down the rope, descending into the room below her. She takes another peek and can't find anyone, she's all alone.

"Now, I just need to find the source of naquadah," she mumbles to herself as she begins to spin around on the rope. Vala trails off as her eyes widen as soon as she spots the gate. 
Reply | Reply to all | Forward | Print | Delete | Show original

*

"You know," Cam says. "I think there's a movie about this, isn't there?"

"Considering the scifi genre, probably more than a few," Sam shouts back. Her voice is tinny where she's halfway into a duct, shining her flashlight around to see if the one they've been chasing is finding sanctuary in it. She shuffles back out, dust along both shoulders of her BDU jacket.

Cam is not sorry that he was too broad to fit into the duct. Not sorry at all. "They look a little bit like Gremlins."

"If you shaved them." Sam actually seems to be considering it. "They look like Gremlins and they mate like tribbles."

"We should see if we can sell the rights- hey, there!" Cam shines his flashlight into a storage closet.

They take off running... again.

*

"The taur'i have a chapp'ai?" Vala says to herself, still astonished to actually see one sitting in front of her in the bottom of a mountain.

"Well this changes everything." Vala laughs happily to herself before she lets herself down the rest of the way and onto the ramp leading up to the gate. She makes her way up the ramp, looking the gate over, running a hand over the cool metal and checking it out to be sure.

Yep, it was a real gate. "Now to make sure it actually works," she trails off. Vala spins around, looking for a DHD but unable to find one. "So, a gate but one that doesn't have a DHD. ... okay, no matter. Step two to escaping from alien planet, find alternate source of power and dial manually."

Vala doesn't see the officer watching her from the upstairs viewing area. She doesn't have any inclination that the officer watching her is picking up the phone and calling his superior to check and see if a woman in leather is supposed to be strolling around the gateroom like she owns it.

Someone overhears the phone call. Someone who makes it his business to know what the Tau'ri are getting up to, and this - a woman in leather? - this sounds interesting.

He strolls down the stairs, since everyone else is seemingly distracted trying to figure out who the woman is and if it's a cause for emergency. He knows it won't take them long to decide that the answer to that is yes, so he makes the best of his time.

He's not suspecting the face that stands in front of him. "Well, if it's not my dear old comrade, Quetesh..."

*

The klaxons start to sound, and every member of SG-1, scattered throughout the base as they are, stops and turns to run toward the gate room.

Vala hears a voice she hasn't heard in years and she's immediately set on edge. "Ba'al," she says, giving him a slight smile as she turns to face him. "I should have known someone like you would be around here somewhere. Though, I have to admit, of all of them, you weren't going to be the one I'd expect." She stands in front of him, arms crossed over her chest as she looks him up and down slightly, a smirk on her lips.

"I go by Vala now, by the way. Technically, always did." She gives Ba'al a superior smile at that, letting the realisation of it sink in.

"Right, Quetesh," Ba'al says, striding further into the room. "I really don't think you're supposed to be here, now are you? The Tau'ri, they're awfully sensitive about people wandering around unbidden..."

He reaches out to touch her cheek.

Vala wrinkles her nose and moves away from his hand. "You're taking orders from the taur'i?" Vala asks, her eyebrows raising and eyes widening. "Now that is interesting. Not able to hold onto your empire anymore then?" Vala grins even wider as she strides past him, looking at the gate again.

"No matter, I won't be here long enough to bother them. Just need to find a quick power source for this thing, grab a couple things from home, and a friend along the way, and then I'll be gone. Out of your, well, your hair. Or what's left of it."

Just as she steps on the ramp, the gateroom is suddenly full of soldiers with weapons. Ba'al slips back behind them, his smirk unmatched. He so enjoys seeing other Goa'uld fail so spectacularly, and Quetesh was... always of particular interest to him.

He waits until all the weapons are trained on her before stepping forward again. "Now, now, men... consider Quetesh a guest of mine, won't you?"

"Excuse me?" Cam stands in the doorway, a stony expression on his face.

Vala rolls her eyes. "A guest of yours? I really don't think I need any of your help Ba'al, thank you." Vala looks over at a few of the men who had their weapons trained on her; she smirks at them and blows one a kiss. "I think I can handle myself here. We go back a ways, don't we boys?"

Her smirk freezes when she hears another voice that she is much more familiar with. Her eyes go wide as she looks to doorway and spots Cam, her boyfriend Cam, standing in a matching pair of BDU's with a rather pissed off look on his face.

"Oh. Hi darling," she says, smiling and waving at him.

General Landry, mouth open to speak, abruptly closes it and turns to look at Cam. "Mitchell? She seems to know you. Can you explain this?"

From his furious tone of voice, Cam knows that no answer will be the right one. He goes with the truth. "No, sir. I cannot explain it."

"Oh! And Daniel, my what a lovely reunion this seems to be turning into." Vala smiles at him and waves again. She looks back to Ba'al and then the closest marine with his gun trained on her and then finally up at the general standing behind the bullet proof glass.

Not knowing what else to do, she raises her hands up and gives him her best innocent expression. "Take me to your leader?" She tries.

"That would be me. And you are?"

"She's Vala Mal Doran," Daniel supplies, a look of mixed annoyance and dread on his face. "And she's trouble."

Cam says nothing. He's not sure what to say. Vala isn't even looking at him now, she's just pulling what he's sure she thinks is a cute face and looking at the General.

"I'm not always trouble Daniel," Vala replies to him. Her gaze shifts from Daniel's face to Cam's. His face is hard, his mouth a straight line as he stares hard at her. Her gaze softens as she looks at him.

"No, no... you're pretty much always trouble." Daniel is oblivious to the silent exchange between Cam and Vala until the General speaks again.

"Colonel Mitchell. Do you know this woman? And I'd appreciate a direct answer this time."

Daniel's eyes go wide and he looks at Cam now, comprehension dawning on some level.

"Yes, sir," Cam says, stiffly. "I've been... seeing her."

"Please tell me that when you say seeing you mean that in the sense that she's in your line of vision at the moment?" Daniel says, managing a smartass remark even through his shock.

"No, Jackson." Cam is very abrupt. "I've been dating her."

Vala manages a real smile as she looks at him. He's still angry, she can tell by the rigidity in his shoulders, but she can't help the little smile that comes up when she does hear him say they've been dating.

Upstairs, Landry is muttering something to Walter before he finally bellows back through the speakers, "Stand down men. Henricks, please escort Ms Mal Doran up to the briefing room please. Jackson, Ba'al, you should probably come as well. And Mitchell, we'll be needing to speak to you."

Cam falls into line with them, ending up behind Vala. He feels numb, and angry, and weirdly betrayed.

He doesn't know the story yet and he tells himself that he needs to wait. Maybe there is some sort of explanation.

Only, Ba'al knows Vala, and so does Daniel, so... that can't be good.

Vala follows Henricks up the stairs to a meeting room, keeping her own eyes trained on the gun that he still has out.

"That will do Henricks, thank you." Landry steps out of his office and into the room, eyeing all four of them.

Vala moves over towards the glass that looks out at the gate and then back to the other men in the room. She places a hand on the table and looks plainly at Landry.

"So, you mind telling me how you got into our top secret base?" Landry asks her, shoving his hands in his pockets as he eyes her over. "Or how each of these men know you?"

Vala flicks her eyes over to each man in question before looking back to the general. "I used a rope," Vala finally says. "That one, over there. Hanging down by the gate?"

Everyone turns to look at where she's pointing. There is, indeed, a rope hanging from the ceiling.

Landry rubs an hand over his face. "Walter, have someone get that down." He turns to address Vala again. "Is there anyone working with you? What are you here?"

Vala shakes her head. "No one is working with me. And I'm just... trying to get home, general." Her eyes flicker over to Cam's. She's hoping she can catch his gaze but he's keeping his own eyes forward, straight on the general.

"I found there was a large source of naquadah somewhere in here and came in to get it so I could get home. I found your chapp'ai and figured, well, that would be much easier." She looks back out the window and then back to the general. "Or at least, it would be easier if you had a dialing device."

"We have a dialing device," Daniel says, actually sounding a bit like he's taunting her... at least until the General cuts a glare his way.

"Yes, Quetesh, the little Tau'ri have managed to cobble together something." Ba'al is his typical haughty self.

"Quetesh?" General Landry's voice gets a whole lot more hostile. "Ba'al, is this woman a Goa'uld?"

"Vala?" Cam can't help but stare at her in shock.

"Oh and like he isn't?" Vala snaps back, looking and glaring over at Ba'al. She looks back at the general, her own lips settling in a firm line.

"I was taken by the gou'ald Que'tesh as a host when I was younger. Thankfully, not long ago, the Tok'ra were able to capture me during a failed battle campaign." She looks over at Ba'al and glares once more. "They were eventually able to remove the gou'ald and free me. So no. I am not a gou'ald. Though I can't say much about the rest of you considering you're working with one."

"Yes, but he's an ally, not the person sneaking into our base," Landry says. "And exactly why am I supposed to trust you? We've had Goa'ulds live on earth before and gather followers while they planned their takeovers. Mitchell, you're awfully quiet here. Got something you want to tell us? Like why you've been dating a Goa'uld - or at the very least, a former Goa'uld - without bothering to let us know? Because let me tell you, Mitchell, we prefer to know things like this. Just, you know, drop us a line, a quick email-"

"Sir, I didn't know what she was," Cam says.

He has the fight the urge to defend her, but the truth is, he's confused enough right now and he's not willing to put it all on the line for someone that has clearly been lying to him from the moment they met. And that's best case scenario - that she's honestly just been here trying to live a life, but lying. Worst case scenario... a knot forms in his stomach and he doesn't even want to think about it.

"Ba'al is your ally?" She raises an eyebrow and looks over at Ba'al and then back at Landry and then finally over at Daniel and Cam. No one offers an explanation on him so she continues. "I was only sneaking in your base so I could leave. Feel free to search me, I've got no weapons on me." She holds her arms open as an offering and then finally lowers them when no one steps up.

"As for Cameron, well, he didn't know anything about this. I never told him." Though I wanted to. Vala keeps her mouth shut and doesn't add that in, doubting it would help Cam's position with his superiors right now.

"Mitchell? How long do you say you've been seeing her?"

"A few months. She works at a diner, Sol's. I met her when I went in to eat and we... we hit it off. I thought." Cam says. He's looking at Vala now, and can't take his eyes away. He wants to believe that she's being honest when she says she doesn't have any ulterior motives, besides leaving, but that makes him realize-

She was going to leave, had every intention of leaving, and there's a good chance that their meeting wasn't coincidence at all.

Vala could see a dark look crossing over Cam's face. She has no idea what he's thinking of but she wishes they were on their own so she could actually talk to him and explain herself better.

She looks back over at the general and nods. "He just thought I worked at the diner. Had no idea about anything about me other than what I told him."

"What did you tell him?" Daniel asks, crossing his arms over his chest and looking a bit interested in this.

"She told me she was a waitress from... from Los Angeles." Now, that part he'd known was a lie, and he feels stupid for not demanding to know more. He can't explain why he'd just trusted her, but he had. Clearly, that had been a mistake.

Daniel smirks and kinda chuckles as he looks over at Vala.

Vala glares back at Daniel, wishing there was a way to make him disappear with her eyes.

"Right well. I don't know what to do with you," Landry mutters, shaking his head. Vala looks over, getting hopeful that maybe he'd just be letting her go. "Daniel, Ba'al, make sure to lock her up in one of the rooms downstairs. Mitchell, with me." Landry turns to leave, heading back to his office.

Vala looks over at Cam, hoping that he'll say something or step in. Instead Ba'al steps up, smirking at her and grabs her arm, tugging her along. "This way Que'tesh."

General Landry sits down at his desk. "Mitchell, you're a good officer. You're one of my best. I want to think that there's no way you knew this woman was actually the alien named Vala Mal Doran."

"No, sir, I did not," Cam says.

There's a sigh when no more information is forthcoming. "How serious was it? A couple of dates? Or..."

Cam pauses, and finally says, "Or."

"Well. Well, damn, son. We're gonna have to detain her, you know that, right?" General Landry taps a pen against the desk. Cam says nothing, so General Landry adds, "You can give me some input now."

"Sir, Vala's not violent. I believe her when she says she just wanted to get home," Cam says.

"You aren't suggesting we just let her go, now are you?"

"No, sir. But I don't think there's any call for putting her in the brig." Cam knows that's likely where she'd have been headed otherwise, and he's not sure his thoughts will really do much good to help deter it, but he doesn't like the idea of Vala being locked up.

Landry's voice goes gentler. "You know she used you, right, Mitchell?"

Cam nods. "Yes, sir."

"And even if she's not after information or sabotage, she still broke into this base."

"Yes, sir."

"And last year, she stole one of our ships."

"Yes, sir."

"All right. As long as you keep those things in mind." Landry leans back, and then waves a hand. "Dismissed, Colonel. Go escort your girlfriend to secure quarters. I want two men posted outside of the door, while I try and figure out what we're gonna do with her."

Vala sighs as she leans against the desk in the room. There is very few things actually in her room. A desk, a chair, a lamp and a cot at the far back. Very swanky quarters indeed. She reaches out and plays with the lamp, flicking it on and off as she hears men outside her quarters talking.

She had no idea that Cam worked with the same people she stole the ship from. Stupid on her part.

Cam nods to the guard outside the room, who reaches around and unlocks Vala's door. "Sir, should we-"

Cam shakes his head. "I'll be fine."

He wants to add that they don't need to treat her like a security thread, but by the very nature of what she'd done - breaking into the base - she's proven herself to be just that.

Inside the room, he suddenly has no idea what to do or say to her. He stands there, just waiting to see if she'll even try and explain.

She looks up when she hears the door open and she's actually surprised to see Cam walking in. She lets go of the lamp and turns to face him, unsure of what to say just yet. "They send you to interrogate me?" She asks him quietly, not even able to be snarky or amusing, just.... sad.

"No," Cam says. "Hell, I don't think so, anyway."

She slumps in her spot on the edge of the desk. Sighing she pushes her self off of the desk and moves to stand in front of Cam and just looks at him, unsure of what to say.

"So, this is what you do during the day," she says slowly, not sure how else to start. "Not deep space radar telemetry." But then, she had never really believed that. Cam had never seemed like the science kind of guy, more the get in and get his hands dirty kind of guy.

"Yeah, Vala. This is what I really do. Because I came in here to discuss what it is that I really do." His anger starts to rise again.

Vala looks away from Cam, feeling chastised. "We can talk about what I do for a living. I work in a diner, not far from the base. Serve people hearty and delicious meals with a friendly smile. On my downtime I spend it with my boyfriend and occasionally looking for enough naquadah to get my ship off the ground again."

Any intentions of keeping this about SGC business and not personal were really out the window the moment he opened his mouth. "Looking for naquadah... so you can leave."

Vala steps forward, putting a hand out to Cam before letting it drop. "I wanted to tell you. Wanted... you to come with me," she says, her voice quiet and desperate. "I tried to tell you the other night about me but... work called and then... I wasn't going to leave without you Cam."

"You realize that might have held a little more weight if you'd actually told me before you had one foot out the door?" Cam shoots back.

"Well I didn't think you'd really believe me if I just said, oh yeah, I'm from an alien planet and crash landed here on Earth." She pauses and looks at Cam. "Okay, well maybe you would have believed me but no one else would have. I know, I found that one out the hard way."

"So what was your plan, then? You said you wanted me to go with you, but you had no intention of telling me, because I wouldn't believe you?" Cam shakes his head, finding her story hard to believe. "It doesn't add up, Vala. Just admit it: you knew who I was, and you played me to get information."

"No, I hadn't told you yet until I could show you my ship. Show you it could fly and actually have proof for you to believe me and not think I was some space cadet that had to be locked up. I got caught here, not trying to leave, but trying to find fuel. I wasn't one foot out the door, Cam I wanted to show you my ship this weekend and take you for a ride. I thought you would have liked that."

"This weekend." His tone makes it obvious that he doesn't believe her.

"You're normally busy during the week. Call Sol, I asked for the weekend off." She can tell he doesn't believe her and it drives her nuts.

"And what sort of information have I ever tried to get from you? Other then where you liked me to bite you? I may have asked about your job but I never tried to pry for information or try to get anything out of you any other way."

He snorts. "No, I guess you didn't need to, though, did you? You probably got all the information you needed from me, anyway, didn't you? All that acting like you gave a damn about work things. I guess I should just count my luck that I got some good sex out of it at least, right?"

His words are fast and furious, trying to mask the hurt underneath.

Vala looks away, feeling like she's been slapped. She doesn't know what else to say to that. She takes a step backward and snorts. "Yeah, guess you got that," she agrees quietly as she turns away from him.

"If you're done interrogating me then, just go. Please," Vala says quietly. She sits over in the darkened corner on her cot, looking away from Cam. She doesn't want him to see her as she breaks down.

"This is not a damn interrogation. Vala, I am the leader of SG-1, and suddenly I have to deal with the fact that the woman I'm in love with is a former Goa'uld who just broke into the base? Fuck, Vala - Ba'al knows you better than I do!" He's still shouting, but shows no signs on moving.

Her face is hidden, looking at the wall and she hiccups faintly from the crying. "You're in love with me?" She keeps looking at the wall, afraid to look at Cam right now.

"That's-" He hadn't even realized what he'd said. "Hell, Vala. Yeah. Yes, I am... was... fuck. I don't even know. But what I thought we had, that was just a bunch of lies, wasn't it? At least I told you that there were things I couldn't tell you. You just let me think this was all I needed to know. Just a waitress at a diner, right?"

"Because you would have believed otherwise?" She asks him, still looking away from Cam. "Alien. Outer space. If you didn't work here, what would you have thought Cam? Until I could actually do something about it, I didn't want to tell you and have you look at me like I was crazy."

She shakes her head, breathing in deeply and swallowing down the tears that want to come out again. "Our relationship was not a lie. It is---was---the best I've had in my life." She looks carefully at Cam as she speaks, making sure to keep her voice even and not let herself breakdown just yet.

Cam wants to believe her. He shuts his eyes and takes a breath and tries to fight it, but everything in him says to believe her.

He can't. Not now. Not without finding out more information. "I'll be back later."

He turns and leaves, signaling to the guard to lock the doors behind him.

Vala watches him walk out, holding on until the door shuts behind him with a resounding click. She cries out in frustration, kicking at the wall before she falls onto the cot with a soft sob.