There was nothing sexy about a wrathful Severus Snape. Nothing. His face acquired an ugly brick-red colour, his accent took a decidedly proletarian flavour, and he had an unfortunate tendency to spray spittle when he spoke.

Which did not explain why Harry was hard as a rock and wanted nothing more than throw Severus on the nearest flat available surface and fuck him to within an inch of his life.

Harry laughed. “Don’t tell me you don’t like it! I’ve heard you moan and whimper and beg for me to let you come.”

Severus looked as if he was about to explode.

“Can’t the great Harry Potter get laid without tricking a desperate man into it?” he taunted.

Rising to the bait, Harry marched over to Severus, smiling when he took a step back, and another, until the half-cleared-off table stopped his retreat. Not backing off, he pushed forward until he was crowding Severus up against the table, until he could feel that Severus was as hard as he was.

His face a mere inch from Severus’s, he whispered harshly, “Don’t tell me you don’t want it!”

His lips crushed Severus and his tongue demanded entrance. When Severus didn’t open his mouth quickly enough, Harry bit on his lower lip and sucked on the drop of blood he had drawn.

Blindly, Harry pushed away the plates and tablecloth off the table. He heard the sounds of broken glass and distraught house-elves, but Harry didn’t care. Without breaking the kiss, he pushed until Severus was half-lying on the table.

There were hands at his collar, and Harry could not have told whether they were his or Severus’s, but it didn’t matter as they were all working toward the same goal. Soon the robe was open and sliding off his shoulders, and the hands shifted to Severus’s collar. Given his position, the logistics were a little more complicated, but Severus was more than happy to cooperate and lift his torso off the table until he was completely free of his own robe.

His legs rose and locked behind Harry’s back, pushing their cocks together. Harry threaded one hand in Severus’s hair, locking his head into place as he devoured Severus’s mouth. His other hand slid down Severus’s side, round the buttocks, down the sweaty crease of his arse. Too excited to care about finesse, Harry shoved two fingers in him and began to thrust them in and out.

The lack of lubrication quickly became a problem, and Harry swore, his brain too fogged by urgency to string up coherent thoughts.

“Unguo,” Snape said, his breath short.

“What?”

“The incantation. . . for lubrication. . . Unguo.”

Harry repeated it, and felt warm, slippery fluid coat his fingers. He pushed three fingers in with renewed enthusiasm. Bending his chest at an awkward angle, Harry took a nipple into his mouth, nibbling on it, licking it to hardness. Hands pushed his head down and Harry stilled and looked up at Severus’s flushed face.

“Hands under your head, Severus.”

“But. . .”

“Now, Severus.” Harry moved as if to step back from Severus’s embrace, and Severus hurried to obey.

Harry took his fingers out and used both hands to stabilise Severus’s hips. He paused momentarily, breathing deeply to calm himself. Severus’s legs tightened their hold on Harry.

“Please. . . please fuck me. . . please, Master. . .”

Harry could hardly resist such pretty begging from his pet. Quickly, he spread some of the remaining lube on his cock. He positioned himself and pushed forward, slowly but steadily, never stopping, never pulling back. Severus let out a long hiss that might have been either pain or pleasure.

At last, Harry was all the way in. He hadn’t felt this out of control since his teens, and in a desperate attempt to delay his climax, he spelled a tight ring of magic around the base of his cock.

Better. At least he was no longer in danger of embarrassing himself. He kissed Severus again hungrily, almost brutally, sucking on his tongue, scraping his lips with his teeth. At the same time, he pulled out nearly completely, then drove back in a forceful movement that had Severus sliding quite a few inches forward on the table.

Harry could feel Severus’s cock trapped between their bodies, smearing dampness over their heated skins. Taking his hand off Severus’s hip, he grasped his cock, letting the rocking movement of their bodies push the cock back and forth in his hand.

Harry’s mouth slid down to Severus’s chin, then his Adam’s apple, kissing and nipping. Harry relished the groans and whimpers Severus let escape, especially as they made his throat vibrate even as he was kissing it.

Nuzzling the hollow at the base of Severus’s throat where collarbone met breastbone, Harry whispered against the skin, “Come for me, my pet.”

Severus stiffened and he seemed to stop breathing for a moment. Warm, sticky come coated Harry’s fingers. Harry stopped thrusting for a minute, giving Severus time to recover.

After a moment, Severus’s crossed legs slid down, and he gave Harry a little push on the arse with the balls of his feet.

“I want you to come inside me, please.” He looked at Harry with hooded eyes, and deliberately, said, “Please, Master.”

Bending back to taste Severus’s skin, Harry said, “Your wish is my command, pet.”

Vanishing the ring of magic around his cock, he slammed in one last time even as he bit Severus hard on the shoulder. His orgasm was powerful enough that the china on the shelves and the portraits on the wall rattled.

Caught in the backlash of magic, Severus climaxed again, dryly, almost painfully. Harry could have sworn they levitated off the table.

The afterglow found them sweaty and sticky, and awkwardly tangled half on the table, and half off. Severus grumbled about his “poor old bones” and people who were heavier than they looked.

Harry laughed happily and straightened. He offered his hand to Severus, helping him off the table. Both men took a good look at the room.

The tablecloth was halfway down the floor. Some of the dirty dessert plates were still lying precariously in the folds, and the broken remnants of one were scattered on the ground. Most of the glasses had ended on the floor too, though not without leaving wine stains on the white cloth.

“It looks like a war zone,” Severus commented drily.

“Well, it was.”

Severus turned to look at him, seriousness overcoming his previously relaxed expression. “The question, then, is, who won?”

Harry smiled at Severus affectionately. “I think we both did.”

Incredibly, the tension in Severus seemed to loosen, and an awkward smile illuminated his features. “I think we did. Master.”