To Sleep

1.
Kirk had spent twenty-four hours on the Bridge, struggling to remain awake as they were held in orbit, waiting to find out whether the planetary guard would blow them to smithereens or invite them down for lunch. Spock had stayed with him, and was considerably more alert, so when they were informed that the honorary banquet would be held the following day, Spock pulled an exhausted Captain from his chair and led him to the turbolift. Bones met them on Deck 5, and motioned them toward his quarters.

“Your place is too fucking hot, Spock.”

That was the second time.

2. 
It was one year into their mission, and no one wanted to be alone.

Extra shifts, chess games after dinner, anything to avoid returning to empty quarters.

It was hard to go back to an empty room, to breathe in Jim's scent one night, cling to a pillow the next. And you could make yourself believe that it was just the two of you, even though three wasn't so bad. As inscrutable as Spock could be, Bones knew him, and to know and be known was a comfort, as they journeyed through the darkness, where nothing at all was known.

3.
They lay in bed, waiting for sleep to come. Or, waiting for Jim to stop talking.
“Hey guys, how come we didn’t do this earlier?”
“Spock snores,” Bones mumbled into his pillow.
Spock reached over Jim and poked Bones in the side.
Bones lifted his head. “Seriously? I ask you, was that a logical response?”
Jim sat up slightly. “Are you two…flirting?”
“Just tell Spock to keep his Vulcan fingers on his side of the bed, please.”
“Oh, okay, you’re not flirting, you’re five.”
“Can we sleep now, or is it still party time?”
“It’s always party time in Jim Kirk’s bed.”

Perchance

4.
At times, Jim couldn’t help but be overwhelmed by the empty loneliness of space. And that was when he needed them close, needed both of them within his reach, anchoring him.

He lay between them and thought that there was no place he would rather be. He took their hands, placed them on his chest, fitting them together like puzzle pieces.

"Jim?"
"Yeah?"
"Don't push it."
"What?"
"This is as far as I'm going with Spock."
"You say that now."
"Jim, I must reiterate Dr. McCoy’s statement. This is the extent of our physical relationship."
"You guys are no fun."

5.
"Jim, are you out of your mind? The answer is no."
"I must agree with Dr. McCoy."
"Come on, you guys! Live a little!"
"No. You are not going to get us drunk and see if we'll kiss."
"It is very difficult to even get a Vulcan drunk."
"Now Spock, you know I consider that a challenge."
"Seriously Spock, do you really need to give him more incentive?"
"Okay, spoil sports. Fine. You probably wouldn’t kiss anyway.
"Jim, reverse psychology is not going to work on us.”
“We are very perceptive.”
“The puppy-dog eyes won’t work either.”
“You guys suck.”

6.
Jim was surprised to find Bones in Spock’s room after his shift.

"Bones! What are you doing here? I thought you didn't know how to play chess."
"I don't. Spock's teaching me."
"Dr. McCoy is a terrible student."
Bones pointed a finger at him across the chessboard. "Watch it, mister. We're playing horseshoes tomorrow. I will take you down."
"I have an idea for something all three of us could do together," Jim interjected cheerfully.
They answered him with a simultaneous and emphatic "No."
"What? It's not sex!"
“What is it then?”
Jim looked down, pouting. “Okay, it was sex.”

To Dream

7.
Bones got in late, slipped into bed beside Jim. Jim slid an arm around him, kissed him quietly. Bones grabbed Jim’s hand, slid it down. Jim pressed against the hardness he felt there. Bones bucked into his palm. Jim stilled him, whispered, “Spock might hear.”

“Jim…please.”

Jim eased the zipper down, gripped his cock, stroked him slowly, then faster as Bones lifted his hips, wanting more. Jim heard his breath hitch as he came, felt slick wetness coating his hand.

Spock bit his fist and ground his erection into the mattress. That was the hottest thing he had ever seen.

8.
Bones had imagined what it was like between Jim and Spock. A power struggle, a quick and dirty release, a violence that would leave Jim open-mouthed and panting.

So when he caught sight of them on the observation deck, he was stunned into stillness. Jim’s hands were on Spock's waist, and he was smiling, God he looked so happy. And they kissed so gently, and Spock wrapped Jim in his arms, and a hint of a smile tugged the corner of Spock’s mouth. And then Jim turned serious, kissed Spock harder, ground their hips together, and Bones couldn't look away.

9.
Jim was straddling Bones' lap in the medical office when the door opened behind him. Bones stood, pushing Jim roughly to the floor.

"Shit, that really hurt," Jim said, looking up. Spock stood in the doorway. "Christ, Bones, it's just Spock!"

"Sorry, Spock," Bones was saying nervously.

"There is no need to be sorry, Doctor."

"Yeah, Doctor," said Jim, rubbing his hip. “Spock didn’t seem to mind when he was watching me get you off the other night.”

Spock flushed.

“Sorry, Bones. But I also happen to know that you’ve given a whole new meaning to the term observation deck.”

10. 
Spock found Bones and Jim eating dinner together in the mess hall. He nodded to Jim in greeting, then looked at Bones. “Thank you, Doctor.”

Bones glared at him.

“Thank you… Bones.”

Bones nodded, avoiding Jim’s eyes as Spock walked away.

“Um, what just happened?” Jim asked, blue eyes wide.

Bones mumbled something as he took another bite of food.

“I’m sorry?”

“I gave him the access code to my quarters,” he repeated quietly. “And I told him to quit calling me Doctor. We’ve been sleeping in the same bed, for crissakes.”

“Bones…”

Bones allowed a small smile. “You’re welcome.”