The cold air on his slick and still very hard cock startled him as he pulled back and slipped out of her incredibly hot and wet pussy that still contracted in rhythmic spasms from the orgasm she had just experienced.
Her high-pitched moans together with the clenching of her vaginal muscles around his feverishly moving prick had pushed him over the edge just moments earlier, when his cock had squirted a large load of his hot sticky cum deep inside her vaginal canal, meeting her shuddering orgasm with his own.
As his cock slipped out, a large blob of the white goo he had just produced slowly dripped from her still gaping hole across the puckered round of her ass onto the bedsheet, mixing with the pool of juices that had accumulated there earlier.
They didn't fully understand all that had happened, yet. Less than three hours ago they would have considered each other almost strangers, and now, as he collapsed on top of her, spent and satisfied as never before in his life, he felt closer to her than he had ever been to any other human being. Going by her greedily seeking his mouth for yet another hungry kiss, their tongues continuing the intense fucking they had shared just moments ago, she clearly felt the same.
In the space of an evening, the siblings' relationship and their lives had changed forever.

"Jack, Sally! Dinner's ready in five! Wash up and come down, kids!"
This had been their evening routine for as long as Jack and Sally could remember. Dinner at six, TV until eight, in bed and ready for school the next day before ten. Hands above the sheets. Always.
Jack went to wash his hands and, just as he did every evening, gave his sister's door a quick knock. "Come on, Sal! Dinner's ready!" As bad as it was to have to go through this routine, he didn't like dinner to be late.
Sally lay on her bed, listening to music. Why did her brother have to be such a jerk all the time? Sally didn't get it. Why couldn't he just leave her alone? She had heard her mother calling. She'd be ready in time. He wasn't her babysitter any more.
The year and a half the siblings were apart was not a big age gap, but somehow, they had never been comfortable with each other. When they were kids, he liked to keep to himself and read. He liked books. He read anything he could get his hands on. She loved animals and the outdoors, horses and riding to be precise. Not that the family would have been able to afford a horse or even riding lessons. Nonetheless, Sally spent every available minute down at the stables, looking after the horses.
Being the older brother, Jack was often left to mind his sister when his parents had gone out. Not knowing what to do with his little sister, he had usually spent this time alone in his room, his sister in hers. By the time their parents separated, the siblings hardly spoke to each other at all any more.
As they grew older, their interests changed. For him, reading turned into a passion for computers. Her infatuation with horses turned into an intense love of popular music and dancing.
Now, at nearly 20, Jack was finishing up his Freshman year as a computer major at State. Sally, who had just turned 18, spent much of her Senior year singing and dancing. She had managed to get the leading role in this year's high school musical.

Dinner had been uneventful. Dinner was always uneventful. When they had been younger, the siblings had enjoyed "family time" and they had endured it growing up. But over the years, and now that both had become young adults, this daily routine had become almost unbearable. Now, the obligatory: "Honey, how was your day?" was usually met with a very short answer from both of them, provided only not to disappoint their mother. If there was one thing Jack and Sally would have agreed on, it was that this whole "Dinner as a family" thing their mother insisted on was a complete and utter waste of time. Ever since their Dad had left they hadn't been a real family, anyways.
There had been nothing on TV that night that would have interested all three of them, so after dinner Jack had gone to his room to slay a few monsters on the PC, headphones on, so he wouldn't disturb the others. Sally had gone to her room to "practice" a particularly difficult piece from the musical. "Practice", of course, was a drastic overstatement. Sally never sang at home. But listening to the piece she hadn't mastered, yet, over and over again, headphones on, volume cranked up to the max, did her just fine. She'd get it eventually.
"Can you come here for a second, Jack?" Jack hadn't believed his ears when he had noticed his sister's faint cry over the loud battle noises of his computer game. Sally had never called on him for help before, at least not that he could remember. He had slowly removed the headphones, though, just in case.
"Jack, come here quick! I need your help!"
The urgency and the element of alarm in her voice had startled him.
"I'm coming!" He got up from his PC and slowly made his way over to her room. "What's up, Sal", was what he wanted to say. "What the fuck!" was what burst out of him instead. He couldn't believe his eyes.
He had found her buried under a large pile of random things that must had fallen from her shelves when the unit had collapsed on top of her. The big pile of junk had been topped by a set of bright pink panties, stretched over what looked like an almost perfectly rounded alabaster globe. What he had seen hadn't been an alabaster globe, though. He had a full view of her round, full ass, pointing straight up in the air, covered only by the thin pink fabric of her underwear. Where her thighs met, the fabric had pulled in a bit more, and the outline of her perfectly shaped, plump pussy lips was clearly visible pressing against the thin material.

At first, Jack hadn't known where to look or what to do. In fact, he had fought hard not to burst out in laughter at the incredible scene.
"Are you going to stand there all day and stare? I'm stuck here, Dork! Help me out for crying out loud!"
His sister's muffled shouts had pulled him out of his haze and he had begun to dig her out of the pile. First, he had removed the toppled over shelving unit to get rid of the main weight that had been pushing her down. Then he had started to pick up the items, that had continued to trap her in her uncomfortable and provocative position.
Each time he had bent down past her panty-clad ass to pick up an item from the floor, his nostrils had been filled with a strange, yet familiar scent: the dark, sweet and musty, highly erotic and arousing scent of women: the smell of pussy. Each time he had inhaled it, he had become more aroused and his dick had grown a little bit harder. By the time he had managed to free her enough that she was able to move, his cock had been rock hard and severely tented his boxers. It had taken Jack considerable self-control not to run off to his room and stoke himself furiously to a powerful orgasm.
After the main weight had been lifted from her, Sally had managed to turn her head to see what was going on behind her, and she had a similarly exhilarating view to the one her brother had enjoyed earlier: his head bouncing up and down behind her ass, as he was picking up things, and a tent in his boxers steadily growing. Watching her brother's excitement grow had made her excited, too. Her nipples had hardened, her pussy had turned into a hot and gooey mess and she was starting to feel the urge to play with her hardening little clit. If only she could move her hand and reach between her legs!
Jack had bent down once more, when his throbbing hard-on had ever so briefly touched his sister's pussy. In his state of arousal, this light and teasing touch of his hard prick against the soft skin of her pussy had caused a sweet jolt of electricity in the tip of his cock, making it twitch with excitement. A drop of pre-cum had appeared, lubricating the tip of his cock and leaving a large dark stain in the front of his boxers.
When Sally had felt something hard and firm brush briefly across her wet and excited pussy, the unexpected touch had startled her, but it had also added to her excitement. For the brief second it lasted, the teasing touch had given her that wonderfully tingly feeling inside her belly she usually only got when she allowed her own fingers to dance around her clit.
Suddenly, a gush of wetness oozed from her very excited cunt, soaking her pink panties, creating a dark, almost crimson colored patch along her crotch.
Surprised about the contact he had involuntarily made with his sister's groin and confused about the sensations this had made him feel, Jack had withdrawn his hard prick immediately. No less confused than her brother, Sally had managed to emerge from the remaining pile of things on the floor, her head deeply red, similar to the color of the wet patch in her panties.

Steadying herself, she had grabbed Jack, but instead of pulling herself up against him, she had pulled him down and both had landed on the floor in a heap, their body parts entangled in a tight knot. As their bodies touched, both felt jolts of very mixed emotions rushing through their bodies.
On any other day, Jack and Sally would have probably detangled their bodies, gotten up, mumbled a few appreciative words to each other, split and gone back to what they had been doing before, each in their own room.
Today, however, the siblings were unable to split, overwhelmed with the feelings they had suppressed and locked away for so long. The closeness, comfort and warmth the brother and sister experienced as they lay on the floor, arms and legs entangled, holding each other in a firm embrace, was too powerful to ignore and neither of them was prepared to let go. It had been as if the pair had held on to each other for dear life.
It had been Sally who had spoken first, in a soft voice and with a gentle smile on her face: "Hey there."
She had been very aware of his throbbing cock pressing hard into her panty- covered crotch, but, calmed by the comfort and elated by the excitement this had caused her, she had not made any attempt to change her position.
"Hey", Jack replied a bit sheepishly, never letting go of her sister's body and moving a strand of hair out of her face with the tip of his fingers. Like Sally, he had also not attempted to change his position, despite him being very aware of their intimate and illicit body contact. The closeness the siblings felt and the brief jolts of arousal they got when their bodies rubbed together where stronger than any concerns they might have been expected to have about their situation.
"Are you OK, sis?" Jack asked after a short while.
Still smiling at him, she answered: "Yes, everything is fine, Jack. I got a super fright, though, when everything came falling down on me." Giving in to a sudden urge, Sally had lifted her head and kissed him. Square on the mouth. Tenderly at first. Then, spurred on by him answering her, kissing her back, more forcefully.
As they had been kissing, they had pulled their bodies in closer and closer. Her small, pert tits had been firmly lodged against his pecs, his thigh had pressed hard against her pussy and his cock had rubbed softly against the flat of her belly with every move of their excited bodies.

His mouth had opened first, his tongue slowly and seductively caressing her lips. He had been able to taste the fruity flavor of the lip balm she used, his tongue moving slowly, licking along the cleft of her mouth, playing with the small nub in the centre of her upper lip, carefully probing, seeking admission.
Relishing this exquisite sensation, which had made her body tingle and caused her excited pussy to twitch, Sally had kept her lips together, forcing him to lick her more, before she had opened her mouth and slowly started to answer the little caresses from his tongue with her own. As she was moving her tongue against his, it felt rough and manly. Wrapping her lips around the tongue in her mouth, Sally had started to suck on his tongue.
As she was sucking, moving her mouth back and forth along his tongue, Jack's cock had come alive with excitement, his pre-cum flowing freely, soaking into his shorts.
In response to her sucking, Jack had started to move his tongue back and forth against her, darting into her mouth and pulling back, in and out, in and out, in perfect anticipation of his hard cock fucking her wet pussy to ecstasy.
As they moved their tongues in the most arousing dance, the siblings had begun to grind their bodies into each other, slowly at first, each losing themselves in the sensations this caused them. Sally had let her soaked pussy rub along his hairy thigh, he had answered her by pressing his cock harder against her belly and by pulling her sensitive tits even closer against his chest. The pressure on her clit from his thigh, increased by the sensation from her nipples rubbing against his chest made her squirm. His cock, as it was gliding up and down her stomach, felt as if it could explode any time. Their hearts started beating faster and their breathing became heavier and more labored. A small moan escaped Sally's lips.

Jack had taken one of his hands from Sally's back and moved it to her front, slid it under her shirt and had begun to cup and caress Sally's breast, which fit his hand nicely, and pinched her erect nipple. This had brought on another couple of quiet moans from her. At the same time Sally had moved her hand between their bodies, found the fly of Jack's sticky boxers and had inserted her hand to grab his hot, hard rod and stroke it lustfully, causing him to respond with a long-drawn guttural groan.
Lifting his ass for a brief moment, Jack had allowed Sally to yank his boxers down in one swift motion, his cock briefly flapping, before coming to rest proudly, swollen and hard on his belly. Then, Jack had moved his hand down Sally's back, inserted it under the waistband of her panties, gave her ass cheek a gentle squeeze and removed the soaked piece of fabric from her body, too. Removing their tops had been a formality. Seconds later, a shirt and a t-shirt had joined their undergarments in the heap on the floor. The two very horny siblings were completely naked as they sank down on her soft bed to continue their exploration of each other's bodies.
Sally had looked at his fully erect and pulsing member with a mixture of awe and disbelief as it lay flat on his stomach, engorged, filled with blood and decidedly pointing upwards. "It's beautiful. Thick and veiny. I like it", she had thought as she extended her hand to continue her lustful stroking. Jack in turn had admired her very wet and very swollen pussy that had a small dark tuft of hair right above the cleft but had been otherwise completely bare. "It looks so inviting. All wet, slippery and open. Ready for me." He had traced his finger carefully around her outer lips, spreading her slippery wetness with his finger. When he had arrived at the top, he had gently circled her clit with his finger, which made her shudder with excitement.

Sally had shifted slightly, and had rested her head on Jack's chest, her mouth almost touching the tip of his cock. Moving her hand up and down his shaft, she had extended her tongue and very slowly licked up and down his slit. Jack moaned loudly as her tongue slowly explored the tip of his cock, probing the area around the hole and licking around the back of the bulbous head, where she found two smaller bumps with a very sensitive area in the tiny valley between them. She spent some time licking there, every lick of her tongue sending shockwaves of pleasure and lust along Jack's spine and all through his body.
Sally had observed enough of his reactions to her gentle licks to understand that in this moment she was in control. She opened her mouth and began to lightly kiss and caress the purple, swollen head of his hard cock with her lips. His hips began to move slowly and rhythmically, his cock pushing against her opened lips. Sally opened up a bit more and allowed his cock to slide easily into her mouth. Jack hadn't expected this. Her warm wet mouth around his cock had felt wet and warm, like nothing he had experienced before. He had to concentrate hard now not to lose track of what he had been doing to her.
Lost in the feelings caused by her stroking, kissing and caressing his cock with her lips, Jack had explored her open and extremely aroused pussy with his fingers. It had been soft, quivering, hot, and very wet. After he had moved his fingers around her slit for a while, he had been able to tell the parts of her cunt apart just by feeling them: the outer lips: plump and full, the inner lips: soft and delicate, her hole that had been wet enough to allow him to easily slide one, then two fingers inside, and at the top, right underneath the dark patch of hair, where her lips met, the delicate little nub, hidden in a fold of skin at first, getting firmer with every stroke of his finger: her clit. Sally had squirmed every time he had touched her there, and he had soon given this little button all his attention, flicking his finger across it, moving down only occasionally to scoop up some more of her liquid for lubrication.
This was it, Sally thought. The goal they had been working towards was near. As she felt Jacks pulsating cock in her mouth and his finger moving frantically on her clit, her cunt began to leak more and more of her precious nectar, forming a puddle on the bed. Jack had been flicking her clit just right for the last couple of minutes. He had just started to squeeze her hard nipple again, too. Don't stop now, brother, she thought, don't stop, pleee...
He continued flicking his fingers on her clit and then it happened: she had to let go of his cock, let out a short and high-pitched cry and went rigid, shaking hard, as she came in an incredible orgasm that took over her whole body. "I want your cock in me, Jack, now!" No other words had ever done to Jack what Sally's so urgently issued demand hat achieved. He looked at her, hot and hungry, more turned on than he had ever been in his life. She had spread her legs wide in anticipation, openly displaying her gooey, red, hot and completely open cunt, inviting him to take her. The smell of sex that emanated from her aroused canal had been intoxicating. Jack was on auto-pilot. He climbed between her legs, found her entrance and pushed. And there it was: her hot, slick, tight, cunt, fitting his hard cock like a velvet glove, still pulsing from her orgasm.
Jack leaned forward and started thrusting his hips, his hard cock inside her, pushing in, pulling out a little bit, just enough for the next thrust, in-out, in-out. He was fucking her in small strokes, hard and fast. She started moaning, then screaming. Her cunt got tighter and tighter. His thrusting became faster and faster. Three, four high-pitched moans escaped her throat. Her pussy contracted rhythmically and as Jack's cock spurted out its load, he let out a deep, guttural cry and collapsed on top of his sister.

Still recovering from her second orgasm, flushed with excitement and panting hard, Sally felt his cock slipping out of her, bringing with it a large blob of the white goo he had just produced slowly dripping from her still gaping hole across the puckered round of her ass onto the bedsheet, mixing with the pool of juices that had accumulated there earlier.
She felt him collapsing on top of her, weighing heavily, but she didn't care. Hungrily, she sought his mouth, spent and satisfied, and they continued their fucking in a hot and furious final kiss that seemed to last forever.
They didn't fully understand what had happened, yet, but in the space of an evening, the siblings' relationship and their lives had changed forever.