Teen revenge
By Sandy

It was the talk of every boy in my neighborhood, that this girl named Nancy liked to exhibit herself half naked as boys walked by her window. Boys were always talking about the cock teaser that lived a couple of blocks down the street. It began as a boys secret, but soon a girl from around the neighborhood found out about it. It spread like a wild fire among all the girls, that thought she was slut. It din't take long for girls to gather with boys and openly talk about her. Janet was what you might call the leader of the pack of girls that she hung out with. They all went to the same high school and pretty much did everything Janet said. They were all sitting have a conversation with the boys and asking them questions about what they had seen Nancy doing in her window. 
"I saw her falshing her bare boobs at me, standing in front of her bedroom window" Peter said. 
"Well I saw more than that" another one replied. 
"What do you mean by more" asked Janet 
"I went to the third floor of the building in front of her house and saw her wearing only panties" he said. 
"I'd bet she probably strip naked if she knew they could see her whole body" Janet said. 
"I guess the horny bitch likes boys to see her naked" one of the girls said laughing. 
"I think we should teach the cock teaser a lesson" Janet replied as they sat together thinking of ways to help boys get revegen. 
I've see her a couple of times in the the park bastketball courts with another girl. 
"Yeah the perfect place to give her a beating" said one of them. 
"I think boys would like it much more if they could see her naked" said Janet. 
"Forget about the beating" boys cried out almost at the same time "lets take a look at the rest of her body" they all cried out. 
The park was the best place to do it because there were few people around, plus it had a bathroom in witch they could take her clothes off. The only thing was spotting her in the park all by herself. For days they had watched her coming out of her house, but never headed to the park. They almost had lost all hopes, when Janet saw text message on her celphone. It was from one of the boys playing baskeball in the park, letting her know tha Nancy was sitting reading a book on a bench. Janet and her girl friends rushed down to the park as quick as they could. Nancy was so intimidated seeing so many girls in front of her, she willingly for fear of getting beaten. They took her to the bathroom and cornerd her inside. 
"So you get off on should your boobs to boys" Janet asked her. 
"I don'y know what your talking about" Nancy replied. 
Janet order her girl friends to hold her while she took of Nancy's shirt and bra. She then tied her hands behind her back with a plastic tye rod she had brought along with her. 
"So you likes boys to see your boobs" Janet asked her as she pinched both of her niples. 
"Please don't harm me" Nancy said almost in tears. 
"It seems to me it exites you to be seen naked by boys" 
"That's not true" 
Nancy was screaming when they tackled her on the floor, yanked her shoes off and began unzipping her jeans. 
"What are you doing" she cried. 
"Stripping you naked so boys can see your pussy" Janet told her laughing along with the other girls. 
"Don't worry your going to be so turned on when boys see the rest of you" as they all held her legs apart looking at her wide open pussy. 
"Look at how wet her pussy already is" Janet said as she ran her finger up Nancy's slit. 
Nancy's face went flushed red, when Janet ask one of her girl friends to called the boys in. 
Girl were holding Nancy's legs almost over her head and as wide apart as they could get them. Nancy's intire crotch was totally exposed for the viewing. She couldn't do anything else but wait for boys to enter the bathroom. 
"Boys are going to have a party when they see that wet pussy of yours" Janet told her, to let her know in advance the humiliation she was about to suffer. Boys began to stream inside and gather around the naked bitch, while her legs were still held apart. 
"Well boys here your chance to give her a good finger fuck" Janet laughed as boys decended on Nancy, garbing her tits and sicking finger into her soaked and dripping wet pussy. They even pulled her up in the air by her legs to spread her butt cheaks and look at her anus. 
Girl went crazy trying to get boys to suck her pussy and finally one of them grabbed her by the waist and burried his head between her legs. They suck her pussy for so long, we think she had orgam by the sound of her moans. We don't know what else they did to her, because we all left her there with boys having there way with her. I think she must have been forced to suck a few dicks, while they were groping her before letting her get dressed and go home. I think she'll think twice, before flashing her stuff to passing boys ever again. Revenge is sweat, but feel kind of jelouse that she had and orgasm or even maybe enjoyed getting gang banged.
