Part 8

“Whoa, there,” Nathan said quietly, leaning back into the reins slung around his body from shoulder to hip.

The bay roan he had borrowed from the Rawlins family for the day, a laid-back draft cross with the unlikely name of Sandspur, stopped with a sigh and then Nathan reached for the rag in his back pocket to wipe the sweat out of his face. It had been a long time since he plowed a field and he wasn’t used to the work anymore, but he didn’t mind doing it as much as he might have in another situation. He was glad he was just about done, though. Three more long rows to go and the whole field would be plowed and ready to plant.

After the heavy rains the day before, Mrs. Calhoun had been determined to get the corn planted before the ground could dry out again. Danny just wasn’t big enough to hold the heavy old plow steady and Mrs. Calhoun couldn’t walk very well without her walking stick, so they had decided to make do without the plow. When Nathan woke up and looked out of the loft that morning, Danny was in the field with a shovel, turning the ground by hand while his ma hobbled along behind him with a sack, using her walking stick to plant the corn.

It took Nathan half an hour to talk her into letting him borrow a horse and do the plowing while Danny planted, but it was worth the effort. Mrs. Calhoun shouldn’t be working at all yet, even though Nathan figured he had about as much chance getting her to stop as he did getting the field to plow itself. She looked like a delicate lady and her accent made it plain she was Yankee, but it hadn’t taken Nathan long to realize she was a lot tougher than she appeared. She was doing a lot better than she had been even the day before, and with her ribs wrapped up she could hobble around pretty well despite her injured knee.

“Can I get you something to drink, Nathan?” Mrs. Calhoun called from her seat on her front porch, watching him with a smile while she shelled dried purple-hull peas into a cloth bag. Danny had a similar bag slung over his shoulder as he walked the furrows Nathan had already plowed, planting corn while the ground was still damp from the rain. Mrs. Calhoun wanted to get in ten rows of corn, and the rest of the field – twelve more rows, when the last three were done – would be planted in peas, squash, and whatever root vegetables she could get started.

“No ma’am, I’m fine,” Nathan called back, smiling.

It had taken a few days, but Mrs. Calhoun had finally relaxed and started to trust him. She still jumped at unexpected noises sometimes, and anyone getting too close when she wasn’t ready for it always inspired a flash of panic, but most of the time she was doing well. Nathan figured she and Danny would be fine on their own at night once Chris and Vin got back with their wagon horse and the family rifle. The Calhouns couldn’t afford to replace the horse or the gun that the outlaws had taken from them, and Mrs. Calhoun was too proud to accept that much charity. She was only letting Nathan plow because he had insisted he missed being able to look at a plowed field and know that was all his work.

Foxy nickered suddenly and Nathan looked towards the pasture to see what had caught her attention. He followed the direction of the bay mare’s gaze towards the treeline a few hundred yards away, where two riders had just left the trees and were cantering slowly downhill along the faint trail that served as the Calhoun driveway. He had no problem recognizing them. Even at that distance the blaze on Peso’s face was almost as distinctive as the fringed leather coat his rider wore, and Larabee’s flat-crowned hat, black clothes, and black gelding marked him just as well.

Nathan smiled when he noticed there were two riderless horses following behind, one of them a flashy paint. Danny would enjoy that. The boy was horse crazy in a big way from what Nathan had seen in the last week, and bid fair to be an excellent rider if he got half a chance.

“It’s Chris and Vin, and they’ve got Nellie!” Danny called as he ran up next to Nathan. “Want me to tie Sandspur to the corral?”

“Might as well,” Nathan agreed, smiling down at Danny as he ducked out of the reins. “Need me to help unhitch him?”

“Nah, I got it,” Danny said confidently. “I been hitchin’ Nellie up by myself since I turned nine. Sandspur’s a good horse, he won’t kick at me.”

Nathan chuckled and offered Sandspur’s reins to Danny even though he knew the boy had only been nine for a few months. “He’s all yours then.”

Danny grinned and took the reins. “Thanks!” He moved to unhook Sandspur’s chain traces from the plow and then hung them up on the hooks on the hip of the gelding’s harness before he gathered the reins, flipping them up to loop them over the hames on Sandspur’s collar twice to keep them from dragging the ground.

The boy obviously knew what he was doing, so Nathan headed over to go sit a spell in the shade of the porch. He thought Mrs. Calhoun might feel safer if someone she knew well was close by while she talked to Chris and Vin. They were good men who would never hurt a lady, but Nathan knew they could sometimes be scary to folks who didn’t know them like he did. Chris had the kind of reputation that frightened some women right out of their senses, and Vin had a wildness to him sometimes after a hard trail that could make even ladies who knew him feel uncomfortable around him.

Mrs. Calhoun stood just as Nathan reached the porch, leaning on her walking stick and smiling. “You take the chair, Nathan. I’ll go in and get a jug of water, I’m sure your friends will be thirsty after their long ride.”

“They might be at that,” Nathan agreed, returning the smile even as he sat on the edge of the porch instead of taking the chair. “Thank you, ma’am.”

“You don’t need to thank me,” Mrs. Calhoun protested softly. “You men have done so much more for my son and I than you needed to. Giving your friends a cool drink in the heat of the day is the very least I can do after the way they’ve risked their lives for us.”

“I’m sure they’ll appreciate it, ma’am,” Nathan said with a smile, and Mrs. Calhoun just smiled and nodded before she walked inside.

Nathan turned to settle more comfortably on the edge of the porch while he watched Chris and Vin approach. The horses looked surprisingly fresh, as were their riders, and it only took him a moment to realize they must have gotten in the day before. He figured they had probably stopped at Chris’ place for the night, which only made sense considering the general direction they started out tracking the outlaws. If it were Nathan that had to pass his home after a week on the trail when he didn’t necessarily need to hurry anywhere, he knew he would have stopped for the night to clean up and get some sleep in his own bed.

Nathan waited for Chris and Vin to halt the horses and then said, “Looks like you found them.”

“Yep,” Chris said, swinging down out of his gelding’s saddle and dropping the reins. “Took us longer than we wanted to, but we got the bastards.”

Chris moved to untie the bay looking more pleased than Nathan had seen him in a long while, and Nathan decided the trip had done him good. Chris could get downright morose if he was left with nothing to do for too long, but a good fight or a hard ride chasing outlaws usually brought him out of it. It used to make Nathan wonder that killing a man cheered Chris right up, but now he thought he understood. Every outlaw Chris put a bullet into was – at least to Chris – one more outlaw who’d never kill someone’s family.

Vin chuckled and slid to the ground, adding, “And we brought back their gear for Miss Lorrie. Figured she can sell it to help her out around here.”

“That’s welcome news,” Nathan replied, smiling wider. “She and Danny sure could use the money.”

Danny ran up, slowing far enough away not to spook the horses as he walked over to Chris. “I sure am glad to see you, and Nellie, too!” He patted the bay’s shoulder and Nellie turned her head to shove the boy with her nose, almost knocking him down as she nickered softly to him.

Chris grinned at Danny as he untied the paint’s lead rope from Nellie’s neck, and then he offered both of the mares to Danny. “Looks like she’s glad to be home, too.”

“She hasn’t been near that friendly with us,” Vin added, smiling at Danny, who just beamed as he took the lead ropes from Chris.

Mrs. Calhoun came out of the house then with a small tray that held three tin mugs and a pitcher of water, limping and slow but smiling warmly. “I’m very glad to see you both back in one piece, Mr. Larabee, Mr. Tanner.”

Vin turned towards the porch, sweeping off his hat with a smile. “Vin, Miss Lorrie. We been through that, remember?”

“And I’m Chris,” Chris added, looking amused.

“Vin and Chris, then,” Mrs. Calhoun agreed, smiling at them both. “Would you like a drink? I’m afraid it’s only water, but it’s fresh from the well and still cold.” She poured a mug before either of them could answer and offered it to Nathan.

“Thank you, ma’am,” Nathan murmured with a smile, accepting the mug to sip at the cold water as he watched Chris and Vin talk to Mrs. Calhoun. They seemed to be on their best and most charming behavior and he was glad they had stopped the night before to get some rest. He’d seen both of them right off the trail and figured the smiling faces he saw on the men in front of him were due in no small part to a couple of hot meals and a good night’s sleep in their own bed.

“Yes ma’am, that’d be real nice,” Vin said with a smile, dropping his reins to walk over to the porch. “It’s been a long time since we left Chris’ place, and the water in my canteen’s near as hot as I am.”

Chris smiled and moved towards the paint mare to start unsaddling her. “I’d appreciate a drink myself, as soon as I get the gear off these mares. You’ll be needing to go through it, see what you want to keep and what you’ll sell.”

Danny’s eyes widened, looking at the saddle and pack on Nellie’s back and then at the one on the paint mare. “You mean all that stuff is ours?”

“Yep,” Chris replied, nodding. “The paint, too. And there’s another horse an' saddle in town at the livery. He pulled up lame this morning and we didn’t want to make it any worse with the long ride out here. His gear’ll be waiting for you at the jail next time you get into town, you can claim it then.”

Mrs. Calhoun looked floored as she handed Vin a mug of water and then just stared at Chris and the two mares, so Vin explained gently, “There weren’t any warrants on those outlaws that JD could find before we headed out, Miss Lorrie. That means as the person wronged you get their gear and their mounts. They sure won’t be needing ‘em, and you and Danny do.”

Mrs. Calhoun jerked to look at Vin, still surprised but suddenly a bit worried as well. “They have been taken care of? You’re sure?”

“Permanently,” Chris said firmly, carrying the paint’s pack and saddle over to put it on the porch with a solid thump. “We buried ‘em a few days ago.” He took off his hat and smiled up at Mrs. Calhoun reassuringly, brushing back his hair with his free hand. “You don’t need to worry about them coming back ever again, ma’am.”

Mrs. Calhoun silently offered Chris a mug of water, still looking as if she couldn’t quite believe it.

Nathan spoke up then, smiling widely at Chris and Vin. “You two done good, but I expect you know that better than I do.”

Chris grinned. “It was worth the ride.” He looked up at Mrs. Calhoun again and added, “That paint’s a real nice mare, ma’am. Vin and I have been thinkin’ she’d make a good riding horse for your boy. She’s got a lot of heart and a real good mind, and you’d still have the gelding we left in town to sell along with the gear.”

Vin smiled and nodded. “Might come a time before too long he’ll need a good horse. Mrs. Travis is talkin’ about startin’ up a regular school this fall on some land she bought just in back of the church meadow, an' she’s real good at teachin’. She’d make sure the boy learns all he should.”

Mrs. Calhoun looked at the two mares Danny was petting, taking in her son’s hopeful expression and the calm, interested look in the paint’s eyes, and then she smiled suddenly. “What do you think, Danny? Can you handle having your own horse? It’ll double your stable chores, and I’ll expect you to go to school once it starts. It’s been too long since you’ve attended a real classroom like you ought to, and it won’t hurt you to get up early enough to make it to class.”

“Boy, can I!” Danny exclaimed, grinning widely. “I don’t mind the extra work, Ma, or even riding in to school. She’s a beauty!”

Mrs. Calhoun smiled and nodded decisively. “All right then. We’ll keep her for now, see how you two do together.”

“Yeah!” Danny crowed, bouncing in place and then turning to run his hand over the paint’s face, beaming as the mare snuffled at his hair.

Chris handed his empty mug to Vin and moved over to strip the saddle off of Nellie, grinning. “I think you made a wise choice, ma’am. That mare’s tough and built real nice for a good using horse. She’ll do a solid day’s work and give you some nice foals if you want to breed her sometime down the road. Makin’ the ride to town and back every day won’t bother her a bit, even in foal.”

“And the gelding back at the livery should be fine after he’s stalled a while,” Vin added, smiling up at Mrs. Calhoun as he offered her Chris’ mug for a refill. “He wore his feet down pretty short crossing the canyon country this week, and the guy ridin' him didn't feed him none too good, but give him a few weeks of rest and a set of shoes and he should be sound. You’ll make enough off of his saddle and the rifle on it to pay his board eight or ten times over, so no reason for you to worry with him at all until he’s sound.”

Mrs. Calhoun refilled the proffered mug, smiling warmly at Vin. “Thank you. I don’t know what we would have done without your help.” She looked at Nathan, adding, “All of you. You men have been a godsend to my son and I.”

“Happy to help, ma’am,” Vin said with a smile.

“We didn’t have no other plans for this week,” Nathan added with a grin, pleased that Chris and Vin had done so well by Mrs. Calhoun. He had expected them to do their best for her, but there had always been the chance they would lose the trail or just flat get outrun. Vin was the best tracker Nathan had ever seen, but they had gone out most of a day behind and even Vin lost a trail once in a while in the canyon country. Some of those canyons out west of town had stone floors so hard a whole herd of horses could run through and not leave any sign to speak of.

“We’d have just been sittin’ around town if we didn’t go.” Chris put Nellie’s saddle and pack on the porch by the other one and then accepted his mug of water back from Vin, grinning up at Mrs. Calhoun. “Gettin’ ourselves into trouble, most likely.”

Mrs. Calhoun laughed softly. “I’ve heard about some of the scrapes you men get into. Danny’s full of stories he’s heard from his friends in town.” Her smile turned a bit impish as she added, “He’s even read that book about you several times.”

Chris groaned at that and Vin chuckled. “We do try to keep a hand in, ma’am,” Vin said, grinning as he moved over to look in the pack Chris had taken off of Nellie, “but Steele stretched the truth as much as not.”

Chris took a drink of his water, looking disgusted, and Nathan grinned as he remembered how much that little writer had annoyed Chris. There had been several times he thought Chris might shoot the man, or at least let someone else do it, but Chris had fought the urge admirably.

“Even so,” Mrs. Calhoun said, smiling, “you are seven rather remarkable gentlemen. We’re lucky to have you in Four Corners.”

“Just men,” Chris muttered, and Nathan had to laugh at the amused looks Vin and Mrs. Calhoun gave him.

“I’m gonna go put the horses in the barn,” Danny said suddenly, still beaming happily. “I gotta clean out the extra stall for my mare, so I might be a while.”

“Go on,” Mrs. Calhoun told him, smiling indulgently. “After you’re done, wash up for lunch. We can finish the planting this evening, when it’s cool.”

“Yes ma’am!” Danny hurried off towards the barn leading one of the mares with each hand, chirruping softly to them to get them to move faster.

Mrs. Calhoun just watched Danny go until he had led the mares into the barn. She turned her attention back to Chris and then Vin, who had found what he was after and was holding small leather sack. “If there’s anything I can ever do for either of you, please don’t hesitate to ask.”

“Stay safe,” Chris replied quickly, “and send Danny to let us know if you need anything.” He grinned. “Nathan here’s not the only one who can push a plow, after all, and we usually have more free time than he does. Vin an’ I’d be glad to help out when you need anything done that Danny can’t handle.”

Nathan chuckled at that and Vin grinned as he offered the leather pouch to Mrs. Calhoun, adding, “And use this to make things easier for you and Danny.”

Nathan smiled at Vin and nodded to him, pleased they had brought back a little something to help Mrs. Calhoun and her boy through the long summer ahead, and Vin winked at him in reply.

Mrs. Calhoun blinked, surprised, and turned a bit awkwardly to set the tray she was still holding in the nearby chair before she turned back to Vin and took the pouch. She opened it to look inside, and then tears sprang to her eyes. “Oh. Oh my.” She took a moment to get control of herself and then looked at Vin again. “There must be over twenty dollars here.”

“Closer to forty,” Vin said, smiling at Mrs. Calhoun while Chris shot Vin a surprised look that made Nathan pretty sure that Vin had added some of his own money to it. It was just the kind of thing Vin would do; he had a real soft spot for widows. “That an’ what you get for the gear and the gelding in town ought to help out a bit. If you want, when you’re ready to sell him I’ll take him to a trader I know over to Eagle Bend. He’s a decent enough horse to make it worth the ride to take him to Ray, and he'll get you the best price for him. The gelding’s not near as nice as that paint, but he oughta bring fifteen dollars, easy. More if Ray knows someone looking for a flashy sorrel with four stockings. Folks who like the look will pay extra for it.”

Mrs. Calhoun closed her eyes for a moment again and then smiled at Vin, eyes shining with tears that didn’t quite fall. “Thank you, Mr. Tanner. You’ve taken a huge weight off of my shoulders. I had wondered how Danny and I would get by until the crops are harvested.”

“Wasn’t my doing, ma’am,” Vin said quickly, “or not mine alone anyway. Chris was right there by me, helpin’ me get shot at and ridin’ from sunup ‘til hours past dark. You could just as well thank our horses, we ran ‘em hard catchin’ those bastards.” He realized what he’d said, blushing and obviously embarrassed as he added hurriedly, “’Scuse my language, ma’am.”

Nathan had to work at it not to laugh at how sheepish Vin looked. Vin didn’t seem to even notice when he cussed around Nettie or Mrs. Potter, but evidently he considered Mrs. Calhoun to be a lady more of Mary’s stripe. Vin got tongue-tied around Mary sometimes, trying – often unsuccessfully – to keep from cussing around her, especially if Billy was with her. Nathan found that most amusing of all because he’d heard Vin cuss up a storm around Billy more than once without ever seeming to even notice he’d done it. Nathan sometimes thought Billy had learned half his cussing vocabulary from Chris and the rest from Vin, the way the boy idolized them.

“But don’t even think about offering any of that to us,” Chris added, smiling at Mrs. Calhoun. “We were just doin’ our jobs like Nathan here, and we get paid plenty by the town. You and your boy need that money a lot worse ’n we do.”

Mrs. Calhoun just stared at Chris and Vin a moment longer, clutching the leather pouch of coins, then smiled warmly. “Please tell me you’ll at least stay for lunch. There’s fresh bread, and the leg of lamb I put on the spit earlier should be done any time now.”

Chris didn’t even glance at Vin. “We’d be proud to join you, ma’am.”

Nathan grinned and stood. “Well then, I think I’ll head to the barn to give Danny a hand with the horses. That extra stall’s got a lot of odds and ends piled in it.”

Vin nodded, smiling at Mrs. Calhoun as he picked his mug back up and finished off the water, then he leaned to put the mug on the tray and grinned at Nathan as he jammed his hat back on. “I need to water Pony and Peso and turn them out, then I’ll come help. Sooner we’re done, the sooner we can eat. I’m starving.”

Chris grinned and nodded, explaining to Mrs. Calhoun, “We skipped breakfast, ma’am, unless you count coffee and some peppered-up jerky along the trail as a meal.”

Nathan glanced at Vin, grinning because he was sure the jerky was Vin’s fault, and Vin grinned back at him. Chris complained every time he stole Vin’s jerky that it was too spicy, but Nathan had caught on a long time ago to the fact that Chris kept right on stealing a piece when he got a chance anyway. He figured Chris liked it and just didn’t want to admit it for fear of what Vin might throw in the pot next time he made dinner. Vin usually had a waterproof packet of dried chilies tucked away somewhere in his gear and liked dropping the crumbled pods in his own bowl even though some of them were hot enough to make a man breathe fire, or at least feel like he was.

Mrs. Calhoun laughed. “It’s a good thing I made plenty to feed a few extra mouths, then.” She moved a bit awkwardly to move the tray from her chair down onto the porch, then sat down in her chair and smiled at Chris. “Now then, Mr. Larabee—“ She paused slightly and then corrected herself, “Chris, I mean. I’m sure you’ve a much better idea what I should do with all of that than I do.” She gestured vaguely towards the two saddles and packs Chris had put on her porch. “I’d greatly appreciate a little advice on what I should do with it. I’m afraid I should be far out of my depth otherwise.”

Chris smiled warmly. “I’d be glad to help any way I can, ma’am.” He moved to the packs to begin sorting through them with Mrs. Calhoun’s avid attention to every word he said, talking quietly as Nathan and Vin moved out of earshot with Peso and Pony in tow.

Nathan left Vin with the black geldings at the water trough a moment later and entered the barn, very pleased with how things had turned out for the Calhouns. He thought Chris and Vin had really outdone themselves this time, and figured they had plenty of cause to be so pleased with themselves.

~*~*~*~

Lorrie walked slowly out of the house and put her tea on the small table Vin had moved out of the barn for her, and then she sat in her chair with a sigh. She spent a moment easing her foot out carefully to straighten her sore knee to the most comfortable position for it, flinching slightly when she stretched it too far. She moved it back, flinching again at another twinge and then letting out a relieved sigh as the pain faded to a bearable level. She reached for her tea then and settled back to relax for a few minutes and watch Danny.

Nathan had already ridden out with Sandspur in tow to return the horse to the Rawlins family. Nathan was going on into town because Saturday was usually his busiest day when someone needed a healer, but Vin and Mr. Larabee had lingered after lunch. Mr. Larabee had been very sweet to her Danny, and seemed glad to give him a few pointers as her son rode his new paint mare around the yard. Vin was lounging on his own horse next to Mr. Larabee, one leg hooked around the saddle horn as he leaned his elbows on his knee. Vin had been speaking up occasionally to Danny or Mr. Larabee but mostly he was just smiling and watching quietly unless someone spoke to him while his black gelding dozed.

Before lunch Mr. Larabee had said he thought Lorrie might get as much as a hundred dollars for the gear and weapons they took from the outlaws, and that was if she didn’t sell two of the guns, the pretty paint mare, or the saddle that fit the paint best. With that kind of money Lorrie could start looking for a milk cow of their own instead of trading eggs for milk from the Rawlins family, add a few more hens to her flock of chickens, and still keep the paint for Danny. Mr. Larabee had told her to just let him or Vin know if she changed her mind and they would buy the paint, and that was enough to tip the scales completely.

She hadn’t really planned on Danny having his own horse, but she couldn’t bear to disappoint him and knew that even if his chores suffered the mare would stay. Danny was thrilled with the paint, who he had named Blue because of her blue eyes even though the mare was a chestnut the few places that she wasn’t white. The more Lorrie saw of Blue, the more she thought her poor Rory would have approved of her as Danny’s first horse. Blue was smart and tolerant of Danny and seemed to like him already, following him around like a big dog after Mr. Larabee suggested Danny feed her bits of bread as a treat to get her attention.

Saddling Blue without help had taken Danny a little while before he did it to Mr. Larabee’s satisfaction, but Lorrie was profoundly grateful that Vin and Mr. Larabee were taking time to be sure her boy knew how important it was to be safe when he rode. Lorrie never would have thought to have Danny practice most of what the two men had suggested, like jumping out of the saddle and leaving his mare before he ran back to her and mounted again, but they had insisted Danny do quite a few things to be sure he could whenever he needed to. Bridling and unbridling, catching Blue when she was in the pasture, hobbling her properly, mounting from both sides, the corral fence, and the back of the buckboard, and picking out the mare’s hooves were just a few things that Danny had done since they began.

Blue had passed every test like a trooper and Danny had obviously taken everything Vin and Mr. Larabee told him to heart, listening to the men as though they were the relaying the gospel directly from the Lord. Lorrie might have preferred they used a different incentive than telling Danny he had to take care of himself so he could keep an eye out for her, but she had no doubt that it had worked. She just hoped Danny would take the promised lesson with a rifle after church the next afternoon as seriously as he was taking the riding lesson. She understood and even agreed with the need for Danny to know how to protect himself and her in light of their recent experiences, but she didn’t have to like the idea of her boy holding a gun. It was bad enough that she would be forced to wear one to keep them safe when they were alone on the farm.

Lorrie couldn’t help having visions of Danny shooting off his own foot, but Vin had assured her that he would personally make sure Danny was completely safe with a rifle before he ever let him fire one. Vin thought he had just the right gun for Danny back at the jail, a Winchester carbine similar to Mr. Larabee’s rifle that a cowboy had left as payment when he couldn’t cover a fine, and he gave her his word that Danny would learn all there was to know about safety before he held a loaded weapon. Vin wouldn’t put the rifle scabbard back on Danny’s saddle for him until Danny only hit where he aimed at, and he promised that he would make sure Danny understood how serious carrying any gun was before he let Danny keep the carbine. He was also going to give Danny hunting lessons so Danny could begin supplementing their meat supply, but that would come later after Danny knew how to use the rifle well.

She was glad Vin would be the one to set down the law for Danny about guns, both because Nathan and Mr. Larabee had assured her he was the best man with a rifle in the territory and because she liked Vin’s easy manner. She felt more relaxed around Vin than she did around any man other than Nathan at the moment, much more so than she felt around Mr. Larabee. She supposed part of it might be Vin’s sweet temperament, or even his age, which she thought must be several years shy of her own twenty-seven, despite the laugh lines around his eyes. Mr. Larabee was older, and even though he had been nothing less than a gentleman she found herself avoiding getting too close to him.

She turned her gaze from Danny to where Mr. Larabee was sitting on his horse in the shade, laughing with Vin over something. Mr. Larabee was polite and friendly with a surprisingly ready smile that didn’t quite go with what she had read and heard of him, but the way he moved and watched everything still made her wary. Even sitting there in the shade he looked ready to leap into action, and Lorrie knew his reputation well enough to know he was nothing less than deadly. Rumor in town said Mr. Larabee had killed over twenty men in duels and at least twice as many in other fights in just the last two years, and she had heard Mary Travis say once that there were likely a hundred more Mr. Larabee just couldn’t be bothered to remember killing.

Lorrie shivered and looked away as she suddenly recalled the outlaw called Lloyd, who had thrown her into the kitchen table and then stomped her knee because she tried to run. Lloyd had ridden in on the paint mare, and the fear the men riding with him had shown towards him when he got angry had made it obvious he was dangerous. He'd had that same readiness for action that Mr. Larabee had, and the same watchful eyes that didn’t seem to miss a thing. The man would have frightened her even if he hadn’t killed her Rory, and after seeing him shoot Rory down like a dog she had been terrified of him. He had followed her into the house when she ran to get the rifle, and then he and his friends had proven that she was very right to be scared.

She knew Mr. Larabee wouldn’t hurt her like the outlaws had done, but his easy smile and gentlemanly ways couldn’t quite cover the deadliness that was simply a part of who he was. She thought it might be something all gunfighters had, but then recalled that Vin and Nathan were gunmen too and had to discard that idea. Nathan reminded her of her father, solid and strong with some intangible trait that made her feel safe with him even after her recent bad experiences. After having Nathan sleeping in her barn for most of a week, she knew that he was a sweet, gentle man who just wanted to help her, which she thought was a large part of the reason he was such a good healer.

The two men who had hunted down the outlaws who shot her Rory weren’t much like Nathan, but she was still very sure they were both good men. Vin had been just as sweet as could be to her every time Lorrie had spoken with him, and she knew from her friends in town that ladies and children of any age were completely safe with him. Gloria Potter often talked about how much of a godsend Vin in particular was to her, helping her when she had to shift store inventory and bringing her fresh meat about once a week. Vin always used the excuse that the meat would just waste if Gloria wouldn’t accept it, and Gloria had found it hard to turn him down.

Gloria had told her not long ago that Vin had brought her everything from tiny quail right on up to half a deer, depending on what he found when he went hunting, and he always refused to accept more than a slice of pie or a pastry in return. After seeing the way Vin lingered over the simple pie she had offered to her guests after lunch, Lorrie had no doubt that Vin felt his arrangement with Gloria was a fair trade. She had seldom seen anyone who so obviously relished every morsel of a dessert as Vin had, and it hadn’t even been one of her better pies.

Mr. Larabee really seemed very little like Vin to her, despite their obviously close friendship and the rumors she had heard about their habit of knowing what the other was thinking. Thinking about it, she realized suddenly that the difference came down to their demeanor, not any hard facts or anything either had said or done. Mr. Larabee reminded her of one of her father’s wolfhounds, strong and confident with that edge that instinct told her could turn menacing in a heartbeat, but Vin reminded her more of a deer, nearly silent when he moved and more graceful than Mr. Larabee with gentle eyes and a sweet smile. She knew it was likely all in her head, but still she couldn’t ignore it despite how grateful she was for all that Mr. Larabee had done for her.

Movement caught her eye and she looked up to watch as Mr. Larabee dismounted his gelding near where Danny was unsaddling Blue. After a moment she realized he was showing Danny a better way to secure the tie down strap when he wasn’t using it, and she marveled again at how thorough Mr. Larabee was and how intently Danny watched him. Danny had loved horses since he could walk and always liked to play with them, but he had seldom been so serious about it for more than a few minutes. Rory hadn’t grown up around horses and hadn’t known anything about them beyond the basics, which had led to Danny not paying much attention on the rare occasion he tried to teach Danny something he did know. At nine, Danny knew more than Rory did about some horse-related topics, so his father's opinions didn't carry the weight they should have.

Vin turned his horse to ride over to the porch, smiling warmly at her and tipping his hat when he stopped a few feet away. “We’re just about ready to go, ma’am. Danny’s going to do fine with Blue, you don’t have anything to worry about if you want to let him ride her to the Rawlins farm or even send him into town for somethin’. We’d all be glad to look out for him when he’s in town alone, if you like. There’s almost always at least one of us at the jail or Ezra’s saloon, and Danny can handle the ride no problem. We covered some rough country with Blue the last few days and she’s solid as a rock, doesn’t spook at anything I’ve seen.”

“Thank you, Vin,” Lorrie said, pushing away her thoughts to return Vin’s smile. “I wish I knew how I could repay you and your friends for all you’ve done for us. I feel like we owe you all so much, but especially you and Mr. Larabee. You risked your lives for us.”

“If you feel like you just have to do somethin’, ma’am, you can bake us another of them wonderful peach pies sometime. We’ll feel downright spoiled, I promise.” Vin grinned and added teasingly, “Just don’t pass it over t’ Buck first. Peach pie’s his favorite, an’ he won’t likely share.”

Lorrie laughed softly, feeling her cheeks heat up. “It was just a little pastry with canned peaches, Vin. Anyone could make it.”

“I wouldn’t bet on that, ma’am,” Vin disagreed, chuckling softly. “Ezra says he can cook, but he’s so good at dodgin’ the chore I couldn’t swear one way or the other. Me, I’m pretty much useless at cookery unless y’ want meat, beans, fried eggs, or a stew. The others ain’t any better, except for maybe Chris. He makes the best chicken an’ dumplings I ever had, but that’s about it ‘sides the easy stuff we can all manage.” His grin widened. “He’s been tryin’ to get the hang of bakin’, but it hasn’t turned out too good so far. He made biscuits so tough the horses couldn’t hardly eat ‘em last time.”

Lorrie shook her head, bemused. “I can’t imagine living on a diet so limited. I don’t know how you men stand it.”

“We don’t, we just eat while we’re in town,” Vin said, grinning. “Desserts are scarce most days, but the rest of the food makes up for it an’ we usually have to be in town anyway. Biscuits an’ bread keep a few days, so we don’t have to do without ‘em just ‘cause we can’t seem to get the hang of makin’ ‘em.”

Lorrie smiled a bit wider. “Well then, when Danny and I come into town tomorrow for church I’ll be sure to bring along something sweet. It’ll be a pleasure to do something nice for you.”

Vin’s grin widened. “Better not make a habit of that, ma’am, or you’ll have us showin’ up all the time, hopin’ for a snack.”

Lorrie laughed. “Consider yourself and your friends invited to do just that, we welcome the company. I usually have something in the pantry I can whip up without too much trouble. Desserts made from canned fruit and preserves are just about the only way we have anything sweet out here, and they don’t take long to make.”

Vin laughed and teased, “You gone and done it now, ma’am.”

Mr. Larabee rode up then, grinning at Lorrie and then at Vin. “Done what?”

Vin smirked at Mr. Larabee. “Invited us to stop by for somethin’ sweet whenever we’re out this way.”

Mr. Larabee’s eyebrows went up and looked back at Lorrie, obviously trying not to laugh. “Vin’s right. You definitely made a mistake, ma’am.”

“I don’t think so, Mr. Larabee,” Lorrie protested with a soft laugh, then corrected herself, “Chris, I mean. I’d welcome the company, and I’m sure Danny will too.”

Mr. Larabee chuckled. “Oh, you’ll have company alright. Let Buck find out about your pies an’ you’ll have a six-foot-four cowboy that thinks he’s God’s gift to women out here beggin’ every day.”

Vin laughed. “Even Buck’s not that bad cadging sweets.”

Mr. Larabee grinned at Vin. “You remember that pie, Vin? Buck’s gonna be that bad.”

Vin seemed to think about it a moment and then laughed again and nodded. “Alright, maybe so.”

Lorrie smiled as she said staunchly, “Buck is welcome to come by, and his friend JD as well. I won’t mind feeding them, and Danny will enjoy having someone to play with.”

Mr. Larabee and Vin both laughed, and after a moment Lorrie joined in as she realized how that had sounded. Buck hadn’t struck her as being as young at heart as JD obviously was, but the big man had seemed to enjoy spending time with JD and Danny each time he had visited so far. They had played some game with a pocketknife that Buck and his friend JD had argued cheerfully over even as they were teaching Danny to play. She had been quite grateful to them both, despite the fact a knife was involved in the game.

Buck and JD were responsible for the first time Danny had laughed after his father was murdered, so Lorrie had a bit of a soft spot for them both.