It was nearly 1.30am and Dave was pretty drunk. Not so drunk as he wasn't aware of what was going on around him, but the kind of drunk where inhibitions were lowered and a happy glow surrounded him.
He was on his works Christmas party. Well, that wasn't strictly true. It wasn't his team he was with, it was a team he'd spent a lot of time sitting with in his local office, as his role was a fairly solitary one and so it was nice to be adopted by a team.
After the pandemic, it was nice to get out and see people again, but as he'd not been into the office for nearly 2 years, there were new member of the team he'd not met. Dan was one example of these. Earlier in the evening he'd been chatting to Dan, who'd seemed a very pleasant guy, in his early twenties. Dave didn't want to stereotype, but he got the feeling that Dan was gay, his mannerisms just seemed to lean that way.
The night had been fun, after the comedy gig, they'd booked into some of the group left to go home, but a small group remained, and they went first to a couple of bars, before heading to a club. The club hadn't been packed, people still reluctant to go out, but had enough of a vibe to be enjoyable. They'd danced as a group, Dave idly noticing that Dan always seemed to be by his side, and generally had fun.
Hours later, the group had clearly had enough, the night was winding down, and in ones and twos they left the bar and stepped out onto the street outside.
"How are you getting back?" Dan asked Dave as two of the girls climbed into a taxi.
"Taxi," Dave replied.
"That's going to be pricey, it's about 30 mins drive, isn't it?"
"Yeh, but I'm definitely not walking" Dave laughed.
"Mind if I jump in with you, my place is only 20 mins walk away, but it's on route for the cab."
"Sure, no worries." Dave said.
They found a cab, and after agreeing an eye watering amount to take Dave to the next town along, they climbed in. Dan gave directions to his place and the car pulled away.
They were silent for a moment or two, lost in each other's thoughts, before Dan spoken up.
"I've realised where I know you from."
"Oh yeh?" Dave asked, turning to the other man.
"Yeh, I didn't want to say anything in front of the others, they clearly don't know given how they were going on about setting you up with a girl, but you're on grindr aren't you?"
"Guilty," Dave accepted after a pause, "but I've never met up with anyone on there." He added.
"No judgement," Dan smiled, "obviously I'm on there too, and to be honest, your profile seems a lot better than some of the idiots on there, and you're definitely nicer than the odd guy I've met with on there."
"Thanks," Dave said, unsure where to go with the conversation, and they lapsed into silence again.
The taxi pulled up outside Dan's house. He didn't immediately get out, instead turning to Dave:
"You know, a taxi in the morning is a lot cheaper than right now. Why not come in for a drink and stay over?" The way he said it, coupled with the look in his eye made it clear that more than just a drink was on offer.
Whether it was the drink, or the fact that he hadn't any action in years, made Dave consider the offer. With a mental shrug, he thought to himself, if you ever want to try it out, now would be the time.
"Sounds like the best offer I've had in a while," he laughed, before turning to the cab driver, "both getting out here." Before paying the fare and getting out the car.
Dan was already heading up the path the front door, and with a rattle got his keys into the door and opened it. Dave followed up the path and stepped inside.
Dave had barely stepped through the door and shut it behind him when Dan stepped close and kissed him. Without thinking he responded, opening his mouth and allowing the tongue to invade his mouth. They kissed with breathless passion for a moment before Dave broke away to catch his breath.
"Sorry, couldn't help myself," Dan panted in the darkness.
"It's fine, just wasn't expecting it so suddenly," Dave replied, "but enough talking."
With that their mouths pressed hungrily together again, both eager to devour the other. Their tongues danced around, alive like slippery eels. Dave wrapped his arms around Dan's body and felt the other man do the same.
Their bodies were pressed together as they continued to kiss. Dave could feel himself getting hard, and as their bodies crushed together, he could feel the same was happening to Dan. Dan's hands left Dave's body, and his fingers undid the top few buttons of Dave's shirt, allowing him to run his hands over Dave's chest. This sent a thrill of pleasure through Dave's body, and he moaned with pleasure into the kiss.
Dan's fingers undid the remaining buttons, and without breaking their kiss, Dave shrugged off his shirt. Dan's hands were now roaming over his torso, the fingers electric as they caressed his naked skin.
"Mmmm" Dave moaned into Dan's mouth as the other man's fingers gently tweaked first one nipple and then the other.
Dan broke off the kiss, and regarded Dave standing there. "You're gorgeous," he whispered, before pulling Dave in an giving him a short intense kiss.
Dan broke the kiss, and as his eye's lingered over Dave's body, he slowly sank to his knees. Dave couldn't believe this was happening, his first ever blowjob, and from a guy as well. Dan reached up and undid Dave's belt, before tugging his trousers to the ground. Stepping out of them, Dave was now clad only in his boxers, which were tenting as his hard cock was straining to be free.
"Someone is happy," Dan murmured, as he gently massaged the bulge through the material, causing Dave to harden even more.
Without waiting longer, Dan tugged down the boxers, allowing Dave's 6inch cut cock to spring free. He took it in his hands, causing Dave to moan in pleasure as he slowly ran his hand up and down the length. Already there was pre-cum on its tip, and seeing it glisten, Dan quickly bent his head down and took the tip into his mouth, allowing his tongue to lap up the offering.
"Fuckk," Dave whispered, unprepared for the burning warmth of the mouth on his cock. He was in heaven already, and that intensified as Dan slowly ran his tongue down the length of his cock. AS he reached the base, he took first one then the other ball into his mouth, teasing them with his tongue. He then ran his tongue back up to the tip, lapping up the cum that was oozing out.
Masturbation didn't come close to the pleasure Dave felt when Dan took him into his mouth, his time consuming more of his length. Dan didn't try to take the full length in, instead he started to bob up and down the top half, his hands stroking the bottom half of his dick, and gently playing with his balls.
Dave never thought he was a quick cummer when he played with himself, but the pleasure he was feeling as Dan's mouth continued to devour him was something he'd never felt before. He could feel the pleasure rising, and knew he was on the edge. He tried to get the words out, but all he could do was moan as Dan's tongue again lapped as his slit. He tried to hold back the building pressure, but it was all too much, and with one final gasp he felt himself cumming.
Looking down, he saw Dan with his cock fully in his mouth as he burst his seed hard, never had he come so forcefully. He felt he was pumping cum out his cock for ages, and Dan kept it in his mouth as be slowed down.
Dan let the cock fall from his mouth, a trail of saliva and cum running down his check as he did.
Dave, breathless as if he had run a race, panted "sorry for cumming so quickly, it's just..""
"Shh," Dan said, "it's nothing to worry about, was a bit of a shock when you started cumming in my mouth, but that's hot."
Dan stood, and pulled Dave into a kiss once more. This was a more sensual l kiss, slower as they got their breath back. Dave could taste his cum in the other man's mouth, and whilst weird tasting, was not unpleasant. He wanted more though, and looking across at Dan, still fully clothed whilst he stood naked, he wanted to see the other guy.
Breaking their kiss, he slowly tugged up the t-shirt than Dan was wearing, and pulled it up and over his head, before discarding it to the floor. The younger man's body was in better shape. As younger men tended to have, his body was lean, and whilst neither overly muscular or defined, was trim and had very little fat on it. Dan didn't wait for Dave to finish his viewing of his body, instead he undid his own belt, and tugged off his trousers and boxers in one, kicking them to one side to stand naked as well.
Dave's eyes were immediately drawn to Dan's cock, similar in size to his own which was standing to attention, hard and eager from his body. His first viewing of a naked male body transfixed him; his eyes riveted to the cock.
He let Dan take him by the hand, and lead him into the living room, only lit from the ambient light outside.
"Let's get a bit more comfortable." Dan said, and pushed Dave onto the sofa beside them.
Dan followed, and lay on top of Dave, their naked bodies now pressed together as they kissed once more. Dave let his hands roam over Dan's body, marvelling at how the skin felt under his fingers. Dan's hard cock felt pleasantly strange pressed between them, hard and warm against their chests.
One of Dan's hands stopped caressing Dave's face, and reached down. Dave felt a shock as he felt the fingers caressing his ass, gently squeezing them, before one finger caressed and then entered his tight ass.
The pleasure of even this insertion made him moan, and involuntarily pushed his ass onto Dan's finger. Dan smiled into their kiss and slowly played with Dave's ass, hid first finger probing and gently opening Dave's hole, a second soon joining. Dave was already hardening again, and was constantly moaning into Dan's mouth as they continued to kiss.
Dan broke their kiss, and with a smile, stood up, so he towered over Dave's body. With a guiding hand, he told Dave to rollover onto his front. Instinctively Dave knew what was coming, and with a hint of trepidation, but a lot more of anticipation, he raised his ass up. Dan climbed back onto the sofa behind Dave, kneeling with one leg on the sofa, the other propped on the floor for balance, and ran his hands over Dave's upturned ass.
"Has anyone said what a peachy ass you have?" Dan asked huskily as he took one mound in each hand and squeezed and massaged the taut muscles beneath.
"No," Dave panted.
"Then they've not lived," Dan laughed, before pulling Dave back. Dave felt Dan's rock hard cock rubbing up between his ass cheeks, feeling the powerful tool teasing him.
"Fuck me," he moaned in frustration, all desire and need taking over any rational though, all he wanted now was to feel Dan inside him.
"Sure thing," Dan said, and slowly, guided his dick to Dave's ass. Pushing slowly, he forced the head into Dave's still tight ass.
"Arggh," Dave moaned, partly in pain and partly in pleasure, never expecting such powerful feelings. Dan pulled out, and spat into his hand, before rubbing his dick, adding lubrication, before pushing forward again.
"Ahhh," Dave moaned again, as more of Dan's dick entered him. Even with only a partial dick inside him, he felt fuller than he'd ever been, which was sooner intensified as Dan pushed deeper into him.
Slowly, Dan's dick was fully inside him, Dave could feel Dan's crotch pressed up against his ass, his dick buried deep within him, bringing him sensations he'd never thought possible.
Satisfied that Dave's ass could take it, Dan slowly began to fuck Dave. He pulled out until only the tip was in Dave's ass, before slowly pushing all the way back in.
"Mmm, yes, arhhh, ughhh," Dave mumbled, his pleasure robbing his ability to make coherent sentences. He glanced over his shoulder, seeing the younger man thrusting deep into his ass, each time a slap as their bodies met was coupled with a tingling of pleasure as Dan's dick buried within him. He wanted to play with his own dick, but he resisted, letting the pleasure alone arouse him. He didn't know how he hadn't come again; he could feel his dick was rock hard, waggling from side to side with each thrust from Dan.
Frustrated with the slow pace of Dan's thrusting, Dave started to push his own ass back, timing it so that as Dan thrust forward, he pushed back, feeling Dan's dick pushing further into his ass. As if understanding Dave's urge, Dan began to speed up, his dick only partially exiting Dave's ass before thrusting forward once more.
The time for words was long gone, they were both just moaning and grunting at each other in carnal pleasure. Dan thrust forward once more time, and the grabbed hold of Dave's waist, pulling him deep onto his dick. With a wild groan, he came, and Dave felt him pulsing and throbbing his cum deep into his ass. He squeezed his ass muscles, milking Dan's cock for all its cum. Dan learnt forward, breathing hard, resting his body on top of Dave's. Dave twisted his neck, and their lips met again in a brief kiss, Dan's cock still thrust in Dave's ass.
Dan pulled out of Dave's ass with an audible pop, and then lay on the sofa next to him, both on their side, faces inches apart.
"So how was that?" Dan whispered.
"Glad I didn't get that taxi home," Dave smiled, before the urge took over an he learnt forward to kiss Dan once more.
"Eager beaver," Dan smiled as they broke again, "but lets go upstairs and get more comfortable."
"Sounds good to me," Dave replied, rising slowly off the sofa, a pleasant glow in his ass. He followed Dan's white ass up the stairs, and into the bedroom. Smiling to himself, he knew he wasn't going to get much sleep for the rest of the night.