           "Curious Annie"
           by Pedro Vila


   Annabeth Wasson was always a bit curious. Even when she was just crawling around as a baby, she needed to check in on things that were hidden away from her. Anything that was kept away from her, she had to see.
   As a toddler, she would wander into the men's room in public places all the time. Then she would be rushed out either by a parent or a good samaritan. This only reinforced the idea that she was being kept away from something important. She began to slip away from her parents out in public and sneak her way to a public men's room to see if she could catch what was happening red handed.
   Her mother and father took her aside around six years old and tried to tell her that it was just a bathroom just like the women's bathroom. One time, he let her in one when it was empty to see that it was normal.
   But she felt like it she was being deceived. She didn't understand why the toilets looked different first of all. They seemed to have another purpose altogether. Also, grown men acted very different in there. They didn't talk when she was investigating, like there was some secret they were trying to keep from her.
   Annie was sure that they were hiding something very important from her. Every time something was hidden from her, like presents, it would always turn out to be something she'd really like. This was the biggest secret of all. The whole world seemed in on it!
   At eight, she had escaped her mom once again and walked in on a couple hiding in one of the stalls. She peeked through the cracks and saw a man and a girl older than her self, but younger than an adult. They were kissing and had their clothes half off. They were trying to stay quiet but they made noise anyway.
   It looked like they were working hard, but seemed to want to. This was very strange and Annie didn't even notice when her mother came in and rushed her out quickly. Mother seemed to be very angry, but not at her. Annie decided that mom was mad at the two people from letting Annie catch them. The secret was out!
   After that, nobody ever let her out of their sight in public. All of her friends parents were warned about her trying to go into men's bathrooms and she found that she couldn't get away from them any more.
   One night, she heard heavy breathing from her mom and dad's room and she snuck in to investigate. She found them kissing and holding each other much like the man and girl in the bathroom when she discovered their secret. She watched it all with wide eyes.
   They seemed to start to hurt each other and then both collapsed into a sweaty pile. Then they said something to each other that burned into her mind. They both told each other how great it felt! Annie realized that this was the biggest best secret in the whole world and they were keeping it from her on purpose!
   One night, she decided to sneak out and see first hand what the secret was.
   When it was her bed time, she kept her pants on under her bed covers with a pajama top. Her folks kissed her good night and shut the door. Then they watched TV and she snuck out the window after grabbing her sneakers.
   She walked to the park and hid when ever a car came. She didn't want anyone to be warned that she was coming. She would catch them this time and make them show her the great secret that they'd been trying to keep from her.
   At the park, there were still people. But different people this time, all of them older and doing strange things. She recognized one of her schoolmates older sister standing near a tree. Then a man walked up and talked to her. Annie hid and watched.
   They talked for a while and then they started kissing. Then man then handed her something and they both went to a car and drove off. Very strange.
   She stayed hidden for a little while and watched people hand things to each other, sometimes walking away alone and other times walking off together. But what were they doing?
   Then Annie spied a man walk up to a teen girl and they both walked into the public men's room. Bingo!
   She watched the door for a while. They weren't in there long and soon they came out again. The girl adjusted her short skirt and stuffed something into her top, then went to stand someplace farther away.
   Annie was dying to find out what they were doing. She was just about to go after the girl when a voice startled her from behind. "You're awfully young to be here, young lady."
   Annie turned quickly with her back to the tree. She wasn't going to be chased off this time. "No I'm not." she said back defiantly.
   "Do you know what's going on here?" he said, while looking around him and back to her again.
   She wasn't about to admit that she didn't. He'd send her home in a second. She was going to see first hand and this was her chance. She would have to lie. She would have to act like she was one of them, just like in the scary movies where the good guys would pretend they were aliens and walk around amongst them, before getting away.
   "Yes." Annie said with as much bravado as she could muster. "I do this all the time, just like everybody else."
   The man seemed to think hard about something, then he asked, "How much do you charge then?"
   This caught Annie off guard. She had no idea that she was supposed to charge anything. Then she realized that that must have been what the people were giving each other. Money!
   But how much? She wasn't sure. Not too much though, or he might say it was too expensive and she miss her chance. She came to a decision. "Five dollars!" she said, trying to act like the one in charge.
   "Five?!" he said and then chuckled. He almost started to laugh out loud. Annie began to feel like she'd made a terrible mistake.
   "Is that too much?" she asked, less sure of herself now.
   He was still chuckling, but trying to hold it in. "No. I can afford that." He held out his hand. "We have a deal." Annie smiled unsurely and shook his hand. He took another look around and then said, "Shall we go?"
   Annie was feeling sure again and said, "Yes." Then they walked to the men's room. She was almost shaking with excitement. Finally, she was going to discover first hand the big secret that everybody had been keeping from her. He hurried her quickly past the light by the door and then she was inside.
   Annie wasn't sure what to expect inside, but felt let down a little when she found the place empty. She looked up at the man who was clear in the light. He wasn't as old as her dad and he had short hair which was combed normally, like someone who worked at a store. She watched him for what to do, hoping he didn't discover that she was an intruder to the secrets of the men's room.
   He led her to the farthest stall and she peeked around the corner, expecting some strange machine, or something. She was disappointed to find only a dirty toilet. He stood next to her and asked, "Is something wrong?"
   Annie wasn't about to quit now. "Of course not. Don't be stupid." He snickered again to himself but otherwise said nothing. She walked in and waited. He came in after her and shut the door. Then he sat on the toilet seat.
   "Well?" he simply said.
   Annie tried not to let it show that she had no idea what was next. She bluffed with, "You start." and waited.
   He was smiling again and something in his eyes told her that she was caught. He held her hands as she stood in front of him and said, "Slow down. What's your name?"
   Of course! She should have asked his name. Everybody tells each other their name at first. "It's Annie. What's yours?"
   The man smiled, his eyes glittering. "It's Micheal." He bit his lip and his hands played with hers for a moment. Then he said, "You've never done this before, have you?" Annie was about to protest and he cut her off. "It's okay. I could tell from a mile away, but it's okay. Are you sure you still want to do this?"
   She was very unsure about wanting to do anything at this point. She began to feel she was not ready for what ever was going on. After all, everybody else seemed so much older than her. But this was the big secret! This was what she'd been trying to get at! She'd probably never get this chance again, and it took so long to get here.
   Annie steeled herself and said, "Yes."
   Micheal looked at her for a moment. Then he asked, "Do you know what we're going to do?" 
   He had her there. She had no idea and he was about to send her home. Her face radiated disappointment and she sighed and finally said, "No."
   Micheal smiled at her again, this time with more kindness. He said, "That's okay. I'll help you. It's always scary the first time. I'll be gentle, okay?"
   Annie's mouth opened and she almost smiled. He wasn't going to send her home! He was going to let her in on the big secret! She nodded, eyes wide.
   "First, we should kiss, okay?" he said, drawing her closer. Annie nodded again and let him put his big arms around her. He drew her close to his mouth and she puckered up for him. She kept her eyes open as he put his lips on hers. She felt the wetness from inside his mouth and realized he was not puckering up like she was. His lips were a little more opened. She opened hers a little for him.
   There was a spicy scent that she never smelt before. It kind of smelled good. Then she felt something wet begin to enter her mouth. It was his tongue! Annie drew back in shock. He put his tongue in her mouth!
   He stopped and said, "Are you okay? Am I going to fast for you?"
   "You put your tongue in my mouth!"
   "Everybody does. Haven't you ever tried it before?"
   Annie remembered. The man and girl she caught once HAD put their tongues in each others mouth. Even her parents did. She said, "Sorry." and leaned in to kiss him again.
   He moved gently to her and then kissed her mouth again. Her eyes watched him as his tongue slid into her mouth again. His eyes were shut and she thought she should shut hers too.
   With her eyes shut, her other senses came alive with feeling and after the initial shock of someone's tongue in her mouth, she started to relax and experience it. It didn't seem gross any more and in fact it felt gently around her tongue. Tender was a word that popped into her head.
   It felt kind of nice in fact.
   His hands started to feel up and down her back and he reached down to squeeze her bottom. She let him, though it didn't seem to do much for her. Her arms seemed to find their way around his neck and something new seemed to turn inside of her.
   Annie felt on the verge of discovering the big secret.
   He started to undo the snap of her pants and everything came to a halt for her. "Wha... What are you doing?"
   He smiled his handsome smile and said, "It's okay. This is the best part. You're going to love this." He pulled her pants down and she felt very defenseless with just her underwear and pajama shirt on.
   Then his strong hands picked her up by her waist and he stood her on his legs. She held his head tightly. "I'm gonna' fall!" she said in a panic.
   He held one of her hands and she felt more secure. "No you won't. Trust me." He put one of her hands on the wall behind him and let her hold his head with the other. His legs stayed steady and she felt reassured that she wouldn't fall.
   Then his face got close to her underwear and she felt his hot breath on the inside of her thighs. Normally she'd be ticklish there, but for some reason she wasn't this time. Then his nose bumped up through her underwear and between her little lips of her private place.
   She felt a jolt inside where he bumped her. Kind of like how she felt after a good sneeze. His hands went behind to her bottom and started to slide her underwear off. Annie wanted to both stay and run away at the same time. This felt very different than what she thought the big secret might be like.
   Her thoughts went frantically around over whether she should run or not when suddenly his tongue touched her private place and started to slide in between her little hairless lips.
   Annie gasped and felt something strange wash over her. It felt good. He was touching her with his tender tongue where she'd never been touched before. She began to spread her knees for him.
   His tongue probed around her private place and suddenly she wanted him to do it more. As if on cue, he grabbed her bottom cheeks and pulled her closer to his hungry mouth. His tongue began to probe deeper between her small legs. He tilted his head back and pulled her almost on top of his face. Annie looked down at his upper head, his eyes closed in pure pleasure. Why was it feeling good to him? She was the one getting licked!
   Both his hands began to explore the rest of her little body. They first went down her slim legs and back up again. It felt good to be felt like that. Then they went up her back and under her pajama shirt and down again. Then he felt around to her front and with his thumbs, parted her little lips. Annie gasped again and her head went back. She felt her body give a little shake inside and knew another one would come before too long.
   Then he felt her up the front of her shirt and passed over her flat chest. Right then she wished she had boobs for him, but he seemed to be satisfied with her as she was. In fact, he started to moan himself.
   The moan vibrated her inside from between her legs and all of a sudden she felt a wave of tremors start from her private place and rush through her body. In the swirling feelings in her body, she was faintly aware of something like pee come from her private place, but it wasn't.
   Then the tremors went away and his tongue started to hurt. Annie became very aware of her surroundings and felt like something was wrong. She looked down and saw Micheal still between her legs but he seemed to have stopped. He was looking at her in a strange way.
   Annie felt a new feeling. One of having done something very wrong. She had let a grown man touch her in her most private of places. But it had felt so right before. She scrambled off of him and tried to pull her underwear up clumsily, shrinking away from his gaze.
   Micheal was calm and his chin was wet. He said, "Calm down. It's okay."
   Annie was confused and scared. "It's not okay! It's not okay! I shouldn't have did this!" She seemed on the verge of tears.
   Micheal helped her with her pants and then tried to shush her gently. "Your okay. It's just your first time. You didn't do any thing wrong."
   "But I did. I did..."
   "Shhhhh. Girls and boys have been doing this since caveman days. Your all right. Calm down, okay?"
   Annie wanted to be reassured. She wanted to believe that she hadn't done anything wrong. "They have?" she asked in a small voice.
   "Sure. My momma did it her first time when she was younger than you." He pulled her to him and she stiffened until she found out it was just to hug her. It felt good to be held. She hugged him back. He said softly into her ear, "You were great. You have nothing to be afraid of. I enjoyed every second of it. Didn't you?"
   Annie started to remember the feelings again. "Uh huh. It was nice."
   "Very nice." Micheal pulled back and looked her in the eyes with a big grin. He had pretty eyes. "And I'm very proud to be your first time."
   Annie smiled back at him. The boys in school seemed like babies all of a sudden. Maybe Micheal would be her boy friend. Maybe.
   He wiped his face and got up. "You should get home before your parents miss you." She suddenly felt worry. What if they'd checked up on her? She should run home quick.
   "I got to go." she said. Annie started to open the door.
   "Aren't you forgetting something?" Micheal said. Forgetting something? What did she forget? He held up a five dollar bill.
   "Oh, yeah." Annie said, suddenly smiling. Her face glowed. She made five dollars! "Thanks!" she told him. Then she kissed him with a peck and opened the door.
   "Annie?" Micheal said then. She turned. "You're worth a lot more than five dollars. If you want to meet again, I'll give you ten."
   She grinned again. Ten dollars! She thought about when she could sneak out again, but then she was too excited to wait. "How about tomorrow night?"


   <END>