Sheffield, Yorkshire. 1854.

There’s a bang and the rattle of loose-set glass as the back door of the tiny row house slams shut. The two figures entwined in the gloom under the narrow stairs freeze, but there’s no further sound or movement from the kitchen.

“It was jus’ the wind,” the boy murmurs soothingly, his hand resuming its slow but insistent progress up under folds of wash-faded blue wool skirts and white calico petticoats.

“Sean, don’t,” the girl says, but her tone lacks conviction.

Sean leans back a little, his face emerging from the shadows into the faint gray glow of reflected daylight, though his hand stills at its point of furthest migration. At almost eighteen years old he’s a broad-boned colt of a boy, his knuckles and wrists and shoulders too big under his slender muscles and pale skin. His features are still raw, the bones of his temples and nose and jaw emerging with sudden clarity from the softness of boyhood. His hair, golden blond until the summer before last, has darkened to the color and sheen of oak, much to his mother’s regret. And worse, his eyes, that were such a bonnie blue when he was younger, have curdled now to faded green, like the dirty bits of grass and weed that grow between the cobblestones in the narrow street outside the house.

“What? Don’t yeh want me to?” he chides. “It doesn’t hurt, like, does it?”

His hand makes a swift sure dart the last few inches of the way, soft curls under his fingertips and then the secret heat. Kate gasps, clutching at the rough-spun wool of his coat sleeve, but she doesn’t try to push him away.

“No, it doesn't hurt any more, an' yeh know I want yeh to,” she says, and he leans in to feel her breath flutter quick and hot on his parted lips. “But it’s wrong.”

“I reckon that’s one of the things makes it feel so good,” Sean smiles, pushing in on her so that her spine presses against the peeling painted wall behind her, and he feels all her sweet soft curves and clean true bones through the wool and calico and canvas of her clothes.

“Sean,” she says, and this time her hands are winding around the nape of his neck, inside the limp linen collar of his shirt and the bit of brave red cotton he wears as a neckerchief.

Sean’s big hands, still soft with schooling and raw with new blisters, slide decisively up the backs
of her thighs, lifting her skirts until he’s cupping her bare behind.

“Sean, do yeh love me?” she asks breathlessly as he hitches her upwards against the wall.

“Yeh know I do, Kate,” he pants against her throat. “Yeh know I do.”

Scarborough Beach, Yorkshire. 1856.

A boundless sky and a limitless sea blur together in a soft blue haze, and a gentle warm wind smells of nothing but salt and sunshine.

“Sean. Come on, we’re missing the fair,” Kate says, plucking at his coat sleeve.

Sean blinks and tosses his head to throw his hair out of his eyes.

“Put yer cap back on,” Kate says as she links her arm in his and they turn away from the water and walk towards the stalls pitched on the thin scuffed grass higher up the strand. “You look like a gypsy.”

Sean makes a show of rolling his tweed cap into a twist and shoving it deep into his coat pocket.

“She’s away with the raggle taggle gypsy oh,” he sings softly, slipping his arm from under her hand and around her waist instead and dipping his face to where her honey-brown hair curls out onto her pale neck from under the coarse straw of her bonnet.

“Don’t,” she says sharply, pulling away so decisively that he stumbles a little, his heavy-soled boots untrustworthy on any surface except the city’s cobblestones. “We’re in public. Someone will see.”

“An’ when we’re in private, someone will hear,” he says with more acidity than he intends.

Kate shots him a look of cold fury before wrapping her shawl tight around her shoulders and setting off at a determined pace to the nearest stall.

“Kate, love, I’m sorry,” Sean says, but she’s already out of earshot.

Sean kicks his boot-heel into the soft earth underfoot, but the easy yielding does nothing to soothe his temper. He shoves his hands into his trousers pockets, knowing it makes him look like a ruffian, and saunters off in a deliberately different direction.

He loves her, but honest to God she just annoys him sometimes. In the almost two years they’ve been married, it seems too much of their laughing and kissing has given way to scowling and sniping. Sean’s parents had hoped the newly-weds would set up house with them, since Sean’s scant wages as an apprentice tool-maker at the iron foundry made a home of their own quite out of the question. But Kate’s mother is a widow, which means one less parent to hear them wearing out the squeaking springs of the narrow brass bed Sean’s father bought them as a wedding gift. Kate and her mother are washerwomen; coarse laundry is rough labor and has none of the preciously thin sliver of respectability that skilled trades have given Sean’s family. Washing brings poorer wages too, and Sean is heartily sick of make-shift meals of bread and tea for days before payday, and the leaking hole in the corner of the bedroom ceiling that he can’t afford to do more than stuff with rags. If it wasn’t for Sean’s wages the place would go to ruin entirely.

As it is, Sean thanks God every month when Kate curses at the bright red stain on her chemise and rolls out of bed, all bare legs and bitter disappointment. A bairn would be the straw that breaks this camel’s back, Sean sees, yet every month Kate’s lips set a little thinner and she lies a little more rigidly in his arms when he rolls over to her after blowing out the lamp.

It isn’t that his life is so bad, Sean feels, as that it bears no prospect at all of getting any better and a sure certainty of getting quite a bit worse. They’ve been lucky so far about Kate, but he knows that could change any day now, and the bloody women are too stupid too dread it. As it is, his own mother is getting pinched about the mouth too, and keeps asking if he thinks Kate is ‘quite right in herself’.

Sean’s already heartily sick of his job at the mill, coming home with his hands torn up with metal filings or burnt raw by solder drips, his nose and throat filled with greasy black soot, his muscles aching from the effort of pushing and shoving the big wagons of metal parts on their recalcitrant wheels to and from the machine shop. Out in the foundry proper, he steals sidelong glances at his da through the heat and sparks and din, at the thin-cord muscles straining under skin long-since heat-tanned to the color and texture of old hide. Sean’s da is thirty-nine, and he’s the oldest man on the nail-makers’ line. He won’t last much longer at it, but with a lower paying job and Sean’s mother always a bit ill, they could be in trouble all too soon and Sean’ll be in no position to help them. Sean’s da’ll drop before he’ll give up his job voluntarily.

“How about you now?” Someone barks almost in Sean’s face, bringing him back to reality with a start. “You look like a likely lad, you’ll have a go won’t you?”

Sean looks round enough to understand that he’s ended up in the front ranks of a small crowd gathered in front of rope-ringed bit of canvas currently occupied by a gent with enormous handlebar moustaches and a loudly striped shirt, and a hairy muscular fella in his undershirt and bright red tights.

“You like to fight laddie?” The gent with the handlebars demands of Sean.

Sean scowls, because the bloody knuckles he gets in the alleyway behind the gin-shop on a Saturday night get him enough grief from Kate without some bloody stranger starting in on him. It’s not like he even picks half the scraps he gets into; there are plenty of other restless young men with a strange rootless anger burning under their hearts to say a goading word or two in insult even if he doesn’t. It means nothing, just young dogs snapping at each other in frustration with the leashes they haven’t yet grown accustomed to.

“A silver shilling if you can stay on your feet for one full minute,” the barker goes on. “One full min - ”

“A shilling?” Sean snaps.

“Aye, a bright shiny - ”

“To fight him?”

“Aye. So will yeh - ”

Sean’s already shouldering his coat off and ducking under the rope. A ragged round of applause goes up from the onlookers, and several of the women crane a little closer to see him hang his coat on the post at one corner of the ring.

“Mind yer shirt, yeh’ll get his blood on it,” one brazen little lass calls out, winning some guffaws and giggles from her neighbors. But Sean hesitates at that, for it’s true enough this is the only decent shirt he’s got left to his name, thanks to his wife and mother-in-law’s less than delicate touch with his washing. He sets his jaw, shrugs his braces off his shoulders and starts opening his shirt buttons. The wee lass that called the warning to him shrieks with gleeful horror and hides her face in her friend’s sleeve. Sean pulls his red neckerchief off and stuffs it in his trousers pocket, then strips his shirt off and throws it on top his coat.

Near two and a half years, most of it spent at hard labor in the mill, have carved muscles as smooth and hard as cables under Sean’s white skin. His bones are still big and broad, but his flesh clothes them now adequately if not lavishly. The last trace of childish softness is gone from his face, but his features still have rawness to them, like freshly shattered stone before time and weather have had a chance to soften its edges. He walks a half-circuit of the ring, considering his opponent, while the barker hastily ducks out and arms himself with a brightly polished brass bell.

The other fighter takes up a theatrically correct stance, fists raised, toes turned out. Sean, just to be polite, settles facing him with both fists lifted to the level of his breastbone, weight drawn back on his right foot.

The bell rings deafeningly, and the other fighter swings a punch at Sean that whistles in the air like a drop-hammer scything down on its chain to the anvil below. Sean jerks back, and feels the air split and swirl against his cheekbone. He jabs out a short blow that lands glancingly on the other man’s chest, but his opponent huffs it off and comes at him again. Sean steps back, once, twice, but he’s unsure of how close the ring ropes are and he knows he can’t afford to be cornered.

His opponent lunges, and Sean tries to duck but he’s too slow and only succeeds in turning his side toward the other man before he’s caught in a bear-grip around the waist and lifted bodily off his feet. The other man’s arms, thick as hams, tighten until Sean’s breath whines out from between his clenched teeth. Sean panics, feeling his lungs working frantically on nothing. In desperation he lifts his arm and drives his elbow down blindly, and something solid and shattering takes the blow and he feels the liquid burst of heat on his bare forearm and he’s abruptly dropped. He staggers, gasping for breath even as he turns, trying to steady himself for the next attack.

The fighter’s nose is a swelling mess and the lower half his face is a red mask with red streaked teeth bared between bloody lips.

“You rotten fucking bastard,” he sneers. “I’m gonna break your fucking neck for that.”

The crowd’s almost still now, tense and fascinated. Sean wipes the back of his hand across his mouth, and smells the hot iron stench of the other man’s blood.

“Yeh can bloody well try,” he growls, and every nerve and fiber and sinew in his young body is aflame, and God he hasn’t felt his own blood singing in his veins like this for far too long.

They fly at each other, fists swinging, and Sean lands a solid punch on the other man’s chin, though the slip of blood under his knuckles sends his fist skittering and some of the force is lost. The counterblow lands just below his left eye, and the day turns whitely dark for an instant, and then washes red. A woman cries out, sharp and scared. Sean shakes his head hard, knocking himself back into focus just in time to dodge a second blow.

He falls back, wincing at the pain of his split cheek, then lunges in again to catch the other man squarely under the ribs with his shoulder, driving him back into the corner post. A man shouts wordless encouragement to one or other or both of them. The fighter grabs Sean again, his thick fingers biting deep into the thin skim of muscle and flesh clothing Sean’s ribs. Sean hisses in pain, but forces himself to stay focused on drawing back his fist. Abruptly the fighter belts his head into Sean’s face, and everything goes dark red and smells like the coke ashes in the furnace pans.

Sean staggers back, almost retching with pain, snorting and swallowing mouthfuls of blood.

“Kill ‘im,” a woman shrieks, and Sean doesn’t know if she means him or the fighter. Bloody bitch probably doesn’t know herself, he thinks.

The fighter comes at him again, and Sean knows he can’t win, can’t stop the bastard from killing him if that’s what he wants. He lifts his arms though they feel like lead, trying to block the punch that he can see coming from a great distance but can’t seem to avoid, not with the weight of his own blood pooling in the pit of his stomach pinning him in place.

The blow across his jaw is almost a mercy, the hammer stroke of doom. Sean sways on his feet, the ground far far away but beckoning to him like the angels’ arms and there’s the bell tolling for him so loudly his skull is going to split if it doesn’t stop and God’s blood he wishes the lock on his knees would just give so he could fall down and have a bit of a rest.

The crowd erupts into cheers and catcalls and crowing shouts of delight and disgust and the barker grabs Sean’s right wrist and wrenches his hand up over his head and there’s something round and cool and metallic being pushed into his blood-sticky palm and he curls his fingers tight round whatever it is and he’ll have a look at that in a bit, after he’s …

… his knees turn liquid and the world, already crimson, darkens even more and the ground comes at him swift and cruel and …

… he never feels it hit.