part: Chapter 19
author: Miranda Mars
title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance




          Now that Rina had put her fears behind her, the girls were in 
    seventh heaven.  The only thing that worried them was that they would 
    burn each other out.  They couldn't leave one another alone, and woke 
    up in the middle of the night panting for a taste of each other.

          They heard no more from Gerald, who was apparently afraid they 
    would turn him in to the police.  The only problem to develop came 
    when Karen returned from her vacation, and called Laura's apartment.  
    Laura and Rina had agreed to separate for a few days, to keep their 
    hunger for each other from getting stale, and so Laura could talk 
    freely, even though she felt slightly guilty.

          "A cruise, eh?" Laura teased.  "I'll bet you screwed your way 
    around the Caribbean."

          "Boys and girls, honey," Karen said.  "But none of them comes 
    close to you.  Can I come over?"

          Laura was silent.  She didn't know what to say.  The mere 
    thought of Karen made her blood heat up, her pussy throb.  But she 
    thought of Rina.  She didn't want to betray Rina, and she remembered 
    what had happened the last time Karen had come over.  It had almost 
    been the end.

          Karen sensed Laura's dilemma.  "I get it," she said softly.  
    "It's her, isn't it."

          "Yes," Laura whispered.

          "She came back?"

          "Yes."

          "You don't want to cheat on her."

          "You know how I feel about you," Laura said, feeling like a 
    cheat even by saying it.

          "Then why don't you come over here?" Karen suggested.  "That 
    way she doesn't have to know.  And we don't have to do without each 
    other.  I've been thinking of nothing but you, Laura.  Remember what 
    you said I owed you?  I think I'm ready to pay."

          Laura's whole body shook.  The deep hot streak of perversion 
    that she and Karen had discovered in each other flared up.  She knew 
    that wild horses couldn't keep her from going to the girl's 
    apartment.

          "I . . . I'll be there in fifteen minutes," she murmured.

          "Mmmmm, I'll be waiting," Karen breathed.

          The anticipation was delicious.  She purposely undressed and 
    put on some very sexy underwear she had bought only that morning, a 
    black lace bra that barely concealed her nipples, and black lace 
    bikini panties that rose to thin strings at the hips.  She had 
    planned to wear them for Rina, but she could still do that.

          Then she put on a provocative miniskirt and a silk shirt.  Why 
    am I dressing this way for her? she wondered.  She already wants to 
    fuck me.  I don't have to tempt her.  Ahhhh, but it's fun to tempt 
    her! she realized.

          And Karen must have felt the same way, Laura realized.  The 
    black girl was wearing a tee-shirt with no bra beneath it, and tight 
    acid-washed jeans that clung to her every curve.  Laura could feel 
    herself getting wet as soon as she stepped across the threshhold.  

    Karen's barely concealed breasts jiggled enticingly under her tee-
    shirt, hard round balls of flesh that Laura had not touched for a 
    couple of months.  The swollen bulbs of Karen's large, dark nipples 
    seemed even bigger under the fabric of the shirt than Laura 
    remembered.

          Karen closed the door and they both just stood there, feeling 
    somehow nervous.

          "God, it's so great to see you," Laura giggled.

          Karen's eyes smouldered.  "I missed you so much."

          "Can I kiss you?"

          "You'd better."

          They started tentatively, like strangers, but in seconds they 
    were devouring each other's mouth.  Finally, they forced themselves 
    apart.  This time they weren't going to fall to the floor like two 
    animals in heat and tear one another's clothes off.  They had time.  
    They could let it build, and they both seemed to know that they could 
    make it better by going slowly.

          They went into the livingroom.  Karen made drinks and they sat 
    at opposite ends of the sofa, eyeing each other.  Neither girl could 
    take her eyes off the other one.  I don't know how long we'll be able 
    to hold off, Laura thought.  She looks like she wants to rape me.

          And look at her breasts!  God, I forgot they were so firm, so 
    round!  I'd give anything to . . .

          "So . . . you still want me?" Karen murmured coyly.  "Even 
    though you're into a heavy duty affair with that goregous girl who 
    almost dumped you when she saw you with me?"

          "You know how to say things so accurately," Laura smiled.  "In 
    fact, I could eat you alive, no matter who I'm involved with."

          "Really?" Karen smiled.  "Eat me?  Really?"

          "Really," Laura said darkly, licking her lips sensually with 
    the tip of her tongue.

          "I don't suppose you'd like to try," Karen grinned 
    mischievously.

          Laura put down her drink.  She swallowed.  She could hardly 
    believe the hot blood hammering through her veins, the wild lust that 
    Karen always inspired in her.  It was undiminished.  And it was not 
    like the physical hunger she felt for Rina.  Karen somehow spurred 
    awake a dangerous need in her, a need for fierce, intense, even 
    perverted mingling, a need to rape and be raped in return.

          Still teasing her, Karen slowly lifted her tee-shirt up over 
    her breasts, exposing the perfect dark balls of flesh.  Her large 
    black nipples were soft and gleaming.

          "Maybe you'd like to start with these," she said softly, 
    watching Laura's eyes as Laura looked at them.

          "I would," Laura whispered.

          She slid/scooted down the sofa until she was sitting next to 
    Karen.  She took Karen's wonderful naked breasts in her hands, 
    lowering her mouth to one thick, swelling nipple.  She sucked it into 
    her mouth.  Then, as they always did with each other, she sucked in 
    more of Karen's breast, filling her mouth with the firm globe.  Karen 
    whimpered uncontrollably.  Laura sucked without stopping, holding 
    Karen's breast in both hands and squeezing it as she sucked.

          "Oh god . . . oh god!" Karen whimpered softly.  "God, baby, 
    you're going to swallow it!"

          Laura released the wet breast from her mouth, caressing Karen's 
    stiffening nipple with her tongue, looking up at the girl from 
    beneath her eyelashes.

          "I'm going to eat it," she whispered.  "I'm going to . . . bite 
    it."

          "Oh!"

          "Do you want me to?"

          "God . . . yes!"

          "Mmmmm, then I'm not going to do it 'till you beg me," she 
    grinned, assaulting Karen's other breast in the same way, making 
    Karen squirm and whimper uncontrollably.

          When both of Karen's nipples were wet and erect, Laura pushed 
    the girl's incredible breasts together and sucked them alternately, 
    first one shiny, bulging nipple, then the other, driving Karen into a 
    frenzy of need.

          "Ohhhhnnn . . . ohhnnnn . . . god, it's so good!" Karen moaned, 
    twisting, looking down at Laura's mouth and hands tormenting her 
    beautiful breasts.  "Oh god . . . baby, do me, do me!  I can't wait!"

          Laura smiled as she unzipped Karen's tight jeans and pulled 
    them down the girl's shapely, naked legs.  She slipped her fingers 
    under the elastic of Karen's panties and slowly skimmed them down the 
    girl's hard, glossy thighs.  Karen was shaking.

          She groaned excitedly as Laura's lips touched the flat skin of 
    her belly, as Laura pulled the panties off her ankles.
  
          "Nobody can fuck me like you do," she panted.  "Nobody can make 
    me come by sucking my breasts, like you do."

          "Oh!  You want me to suck you and bite you and make you come 
    that way?" Laura teased.

          "Oh god!"

          Karen was quivering uncontrollably, parting her thighs as Laura 
    slid between them.

          "I can't stand it that you're still dressed," she panted.  
    "Quick, get undressed.  Please!"

          Laura knew she had stimulated Karen so much that a few minutes 
    of undressing wouldn't hurt. 
 
          "Quick?" she said.  "Why do you want me to do it quickly?  
    Don't you want to watch?"

          "Yes," Karen gasped.

          First Laura slowly unbuttoned her silk shirt.  She let it fall 
    off her shoulders, revealing her lacy black bra, scooped low, 
    stopping just above her nipples, showing plenty of tempting cleavage.  
    She turned so that Karen could see her remove it in profile.

          "Don't you love this bra?" she asked softly.

          "I love what's in it," Karen murmured.

          The black girl watched mesmerized as Laura reached both hands 
    behind her back and unclasped her bra.  Slowly she peeled the straps 
    forward, letting the thin shoulder strings slip off.  The bra slid 
    down her arms to the floor.  She turned so that Karen could see all 
    of her exquisite naked breasts.

          "They're more beautiful than I remembered," Karen whispered.

          Laura was out of her miniskirt in seconds, but she tantalized 
    Karen further by slowly slipping her black panties down and off her 
    legs.  When she was finally naked, she slipped back between Karen's 
    firm, silky black thighs.  She embraced Karen, kissing her heatedly, 
    rubbing her own naked breasts against Karen's.  The sensations made 
    them both shiver with sharp convulsions sexual need.

          Laura dropped her mouth to Karen's breasts again, quickly 
    sucking her bulging nipples erect again, this time hinting with her 
    teeth, hinting what she would do if begged.  The hint was all Karen 
    needed to go nearly crazy with lust. 
 
          At the same time, Laura dropped one hand between the girl's 
    thighs.  Karen's pussy was flooding with fuck-juice, wet and puckered 
    and hot, and Laura caressed it with her fingers, bringing new 
    desperate moans to Karen's throat.  The more she kissed and sucked 
    the girl's breasts and toyed with her pussy, the more urgent Karen's 
    whimpering grew, the more she churned and quivered and strained for 
    release.

          "Do you want it?" she whispered.

          "Y . . . yes!" Karen stammered. 
 
          "Do you want it hard?"

          "Oh yes!"

          "Beg me."

          "Oh please!  Please, Laura . . . please!"

          "Please what?"

          Karen's dark eyes throbbed with fire.  Her voice was clotted 
    and hoarse with lust.  She implored Laura with her murky gaze.

          "Fuck me . . . bite me . . . do me, please!" she begged.  "I'm 
    so close.  I love you to fuck me!  Please . . . quick!"

          Laura dipped her face to Karen's incredible breasts.  She 
    sucked one huge nipple into her mouth, sucking it hard, then sank her 
    teeth into it.  At the same time she scissored Karen's clit between 
    her fingers, rubbing it sharply.

          "Anngghiieieeee!" Karen cried out.

          Her luscious body arched, shuddered, then exploded in spasms of 
    intense coming.  It was a fierce, wrenching orgasm.  Karen grimaced 
    and cried out as tremors of ecstacy shook her body.  And Laura nearly 
    swallowed the girl's other nipple in the same way, biting it and 
    rubbing Karen's clit hard again, bringing on another sharp, 
    convulsive climax.

          "Ungghh!  Oh!  Anngghiieee!" Karen cried out again, coming 
    violently.

          Unable to let go, Laura slid down between Karen's quivering 
    thighs and fastened her mouth on the girl's streaming pussy.  She 
    sucked Karen's swollen clit, slowly, then more passionately, finally 
    with white-hot urgency, and in seconds Karen was coming a third time, 
    whinnying and writhing helplessly as fresh waves of bliss shattered 
    her undulating flesh.

          By the time it was over, they had nearly destroyed Karen's 
    sofa, and both of them were sliding off onto the floor.  Karen was 
    gasping and sighing, trying to get her breath, still groggy from 
    three overpowering orgasms in a row.  Laura was embracing and kissing 
    her, very aroused herself from what she had done to Karen.

          "God, you really know how to ring my bells, Laura," Karen said, 
    looking all disheveled and groggy with sex. "Nobody makes me come 
    like that." 

          "Mmmmmm, my pleasure," Laura purred.

          "And nobody keeps going either," Karen confessed, still half-
    breathless from the wild fucking she had received.  "Three in a row."

          "You've done it for me," Laura murmured.

          Karen pulled her down next to her on the floor.  "And I've got 
    news for you.  I'm going to do it again."

          "Now?"

          "I'm going to tie you up and fuck you," Karen said.  "Just like 
    I promised."

          Laura shuddered visibly.  She closed her eyes and sucked in her 
    breath.

          "What's the matter?  You don't want it now?" Karen teased.

          "I do.  It almost makes me come to think of it, that's all."

          "Baby," Karen whispered, cupping and squeezing Laura's naked 
    breasts, "in twenty minutes you'll be begging me to let you come.  
    Come into the bedroom with me."

          They went down the short hall to Karen's bedroom.  Laura was 
    shaking slightly, frantic with sexual excitement.  Oh god, she 
    thought.  What if I can't take it?  What if it hurts?

          "What if it hurts?" she asked Karen in a small, fearful voice 
    as Karen shut the bedroom door behind them.

          Karen embraced her.  They were both naked, and Karen ran her 
    hands all over Laura's smooth, perfect body.

          "I love your body," she whispered.  "I would only hurt you as 
    much as you want, only to make you come hard.  Just the way you hurt 
    me.  Like you did a minute ago.  And I came three times."

          Laura didn't know what to say.  She knew she didn't want to 
    back out.  She remember the orgasms she had given Karen when Karen 
    was tied up.  They seemed more powerful than anything she had ever 
    imagined.  Can I have those too? she wondered.

          And while she was wondering, sitting on the edge of Karen's 
    kingsize bed, she saw Karen take a long coil of white rope out of the 
    bedstand cupboard.  It was the same rope she had used to tie up 
    Karen.  Laura began to shake again.

          Karen pushed her down gently on her back on the bed.  "I think 
    the way you tied me up was good, don't you?" the black girl asked 
    coyly.  "Especially with that pillow under my ass.  What good touch.  
    It made it so easy for you to reach--and shall we say rape?--my 
    buried treasures."

          Obediently, Laura raised her ass up to let Karen scoot a pillow 
    underneath.  Then she watched with fear and fascination as Karen tied 
    her ankles to either side of the bed's footboard, splaying her legs, 
    leaving her crotch completely vulnerable.

          "God . . . it's a good thing I trust you," she murmured, her 
    voice trembling.

          "You don't have any choice now, do you?" Karen smiled, leaning 
    over Laura's supine body, dangling her scrumptious naked breasts in 
    Laura's face as she tied Laura's wrists to the headboard.  "Oh!" 
    Karen gasped, as Laura's mouth caught one bulging black nipple and 
    sucked it hard.  "Unnhhh!"

          Finally, she pulled away.  Her nipple and part of her breast 
    were wet with Laura's saliva, the black nub protruding excitedly.

          "Mmmmm," she grinned, her eyes flashing, "now I remember that I 
    had to make you come before you would make me.  Wouldn't it be fun to 
    do that again?"

          Laura grinned too, looking down as Karen began wrapping coils 
    of rope around each of her naked breasts.  The perfect globes swelled 
    and flushed pink.  Just as she had done to Karen, Karen was careful 
    to make the coils tight enough but not so tight as to cause pain.  
    Consequently, Laura's swelling breasts throbbed, and her thick coral 
    nipples flared and bulged, sending wild sexual thrills through her 
    body.

          "Oh Jesus . . . are you going to suck me?" Laura asked, 
    breathless with sexual desire.  "Please."

          Patiently, Karen continued with the rope, pulling it down 
    between Laura's thighs on one side of Laura's cunt, then up, then 
    coiling it tightly around Laura's midriff.

          "You want me to suck you?" she whispered, lowering her face to 
    Laura's strangled breasts, extending her tongue.

          "God . . . I'll come if you do," Laura panted, writhing.

          Karen knotted the rope.  Then she ran her fingers all over the 
    taut, bulging balls of Laura's strangled breasts, teasing Laura's 
    bursting, protruding nipples with her fingertips.  Laura squirmed.  
    Her pussy streamed with juice.  She knew the merest touch of Karen's 
    lips on her nipples would make her explode with coming.

          Karen knew it too.  She touched one of Laura's bursting nipples 
    with the tip of her tongue.  A violent seizure of sexual excitement 
    shook Laura.

          "Ohhnnnn!" she moaned loudly, shaking.  "Please!"

          But then Karen, smiling, drew back.  "Oh no," she murmured.  
    "Not so quick.  I'm not going to make it so easy on you."

          "Ohhh . . . Karen, please!  God, I need it!"

          "But Laura, you have to make me come first, remember?"

          "But I already did!" Laura moaned.  "Three times."

          "Mmmmm, but I want four."  Karen swarmed all over Laura's 
    trussed body, kissing and caressing her, squeezing Laura's roped, 
    bulging breasts, rubbing Laura's wet pussy with her knee, kissing 
    Laura's neck, frenching her ear.  "I want another one, baby," she 
    breathed.  "Then you can come.  After you make me come again."

          "Oh please . . . please!" Laura whimpered, writhing 
    uncontrollably.

          By now Karen was panting and gasping herself, feverish with 
    lust for Laura's tightly-bound body.  Laura had known the feeling 
    herself and was not surprised, though her own need was even more 
    frantic.  The feel of Karen's silky body swarming all over her made 
    her quiver with lust.  She wanted to be devoured, ravished, fucked, 
    raped, reamed, and consumed by the girl.

          Karen straddled Laura's head, holding her inflamed pussy open 
    with her fingers and lowering it onto Laura's mouth.  Laura eagerly 
    stabbed her tongue up into the fiery slit, tongue-fucking Karen and 
    flicking the girl's clit in such a delirious frenzy that Karen's body 
    clenched, and she came in violent spasms almost immediately.

          "Ungghh!  Oh!  Anngghhh!  Mnnngggggeeee!" Karen cried out, 
    holding her cunt open over Laura's mouth as successive waves of her 
    orgasm wrenched her luscious body.

          Finally, her eyes still glazed from the shockwaves, her breath 
    coming hard, she slid down Laura's bound body and kissed her, 
    massaging Laura's throbbing pussy with two fingers and teasing 
    Laura's swollen, popping nipples again with her tongue.

          "Oh baby, you're good . . . sooo good," she panted, sucking 
    Laura's nipples just enough to make Laura want to scream with almost 
    unbearable sexual tension, but not enough to make her come.

          "Oh . . . ohhhh!" Laura gasped.

          "You're going to come, baby, don't worry," Karen panted to her.  
    "Just a minute . . . just a minute."

          She left the bed briefly, darting over to the closet, then 
    returned with the oddest looking gadget in her hand.

          "I got this just for us," she said, her eyes still swimming 
    with lust.  "Look."

          It was the longest, thickest dildo Laura had ever seen.  
    Resembling a grotesque, monstrous penis on both ends, it was about 
    two feet long and as thick around as a salame, with bulging ridges 
    along the shaft, and thick bulbs like penis heads on each end.  God, 
    Laura thought, it's even bigger than Whatshisname's who was part of 
    Gerald's gangbang party. 

          "It'll kill me," she whispered hoarsely to Karen, who began 
    rubbing one end of the monster all over her own naked breasts, then 
    sucking it obscenely. 

          "Don't be silly," she giggled.  "I've already used it twice.  
    It's like getting screwed by a horse."

          "I never wanted to be screwed by---"

          "A horse.  I know.  Trust me, Laura."

          She got on the bed next to Laura and began rubbing one end of 
    the huge dildo all over Laura's bound body.  She teased Laura's 
    bulging, strangled breasts with it, rubbing them with one end, then 
    tickling Laura's popping nipples again with her tongue.  Laura went 
    wild.  The rope bit into her flesh as she strained and squirmed and 
    whimpered.

          Finally Karen slid down Laura's body to her groin.  She rubbed 
    one end of the massive dildo against Laura's wet, blossoming 
    pussylips, murmuring hot, dirty things to her.

          "Don't you want it in you?" she whispered.  "Laura, don't you 
    want to be fucked and fucked by it?  Hard?  Don't you want me to fuck 
    you hard?  To ram it into you, and turn it, and plunge it, and make 
    you beg and cry and plead?  Don't you, baby, don't you?"

          "Oh god!" Laura whimpered.  "Yes . . . Karen, yes!  Oh . . . 
    please put something in my mouth.  I . . . I'm afraid I'll scream."

          "Mmmmmm, of course you'll scream," Karen said softly.  Her eyes 
    flashed with lust and mischief.  "I thought of everything."

          She leaned over and from beneath the bed she pulled out a 
    leather harness, silver-studded, with a red mouth ball in the center.  
    Quickly, she slipped the harness over Laura's head.  The ball fit 
    into Laura's mouth.  Then Karen fastened the strap at the side of 
    Laura's head.  

          Now Laura was completely helpless, at Karen's mercy.  She 
    couldn't even scream.  Somehow her plight heightened their mutual 
    lust.  Laura could feel her hot blood rush even faster, and her pussy 
    flood with fuck-juice.  She could see the added intensity of desire 
    in Karen's eyes.

          She began to quiver uncontrollably as the black girl took the 
    dildo again and began to tease the tingling lips of Laura's cunt with 
    it.  She held her breath, clenched her teeth.  The huge bulb on the 
    end of the shaft slipped into her pussy.

          "Nuunnhh!" she gasped.

          Then Karen pushed about seven or eight inches of the shaft into 
    her, stopping only when Laura's body erupted in wild shaking, and she 
    moaned sharply.

          "Ungghhhh!  Nggghhhhh!"

          Her whole body felt crammed with it, splitting, bursting, 
    throbbing, transfigured by white-hot pain that slowly, slowly 
    modulated into fierce sexual paroxysms, fed by Karen's movement of 
    the gigantic thing in and out of her.  Karen was fucking her with it, 
    and Laura was wincing, sobbing, biting the hard red ball in her 
    mouth, groaning and whimpering as the phenomenal, incandescent 
    pleasure tortured her tightly-bound body.

          Karen had orchestrated this whole event to deliver maximum 
    sexual pleasure to Laura and to herself.  Holding the dildo in one 
    hand, and fucking Laura's tightly crammed pussy slowly with it, she 
    also put her arm around Laura's neck and lowered her mouth to Laura's 
    swollen, throttled breasts, sucking Laura's bursting nipples, then 
    biting them, thrusting the huge rubber cock deep into Laura.  A few 
    seconds of this was enough to make Laura spill over with torrents of 
    coming.

          "Nnngghmmmm!  Nnmmgggeeee!" she wailed, her body straining and 
    spasming through a scalding, clenching orgasm.

          But this was only the beginning.  Still quivering and gasping 
    from the aftershocks of her climax, Laura only half-realized what 
    Karen was doing until she felt Karen lubricating the crack of her ass 
    with warm oil.  Oh god! she thought.  God, it'll kill me! 

          But she didn't have time to dwell on it.  Karen spread Laura's
    oiled buns and slid two fingers up into her ass, to open it.  Tears 
    welled up in Laura's eyes.  She groaned softly.  Then she felt the 
    other end of the dildo replacing Karen's fingers, pushing into her 
    ass like a baseball bat, further in, deep.  

          Her whole body stiffened with pain.  The thing was gigantic, 
    and her poor asshole flamed with excruciating pain that slowly, 
    slowly turned into perverse, intense, maniacial sexual pleasure.  She 
    was now crammed by both ends of the monster, in her pussy and her 
    ass, her body writhing and straining against the ropes, her muffled 
    groans deep and tortured.

          The sensations were so intense that she almost blacked out.  
    But when Karen began moving the huge aritificial cocks in and out of 
    Laura's body, fucking her with them, there was no way Laura could 
    lose consciousness.  Nothing, not Rick and Jamie together, or the 
    gangbang by Gerald and his brother's buddies, could equal the 
    horrible, fierce intensity of these gigantic invaders of her ass and 
    pussy.

          And though Karen started slowly, she quickly jacked up the 
    tempo, plunging the cocks into Laura rapidly and roughly, holding the 
    dildo with both hands and raping Laura with it, aroused by Laura's 
    strangled cries and garbled moans into an even fiercer fever of lust.  
    In a brief flash, Laura recalled how she had fucked Karen the same 
    way, and was getting it in return.  Hints of the killing ecstacy that 
    awaited her began to appear.  She quivered and strained, feeling her 
    body respond involuntarily to the savage rape she was receiving, much 
    as she had responded in spite of herself to the gangbang. 

          And then, suddenly, without warning, she was there.  Her 
    tortured body arched off the bed.  Her pelvis shuddered wildly, her 
    throttled cries became hysterical shrieks, and a nuclear bomb of an 
    orgasm shattered her flexing, squirming body.

          "Mnngghgnnkkjjnngggiieee!" she screamed, gagged by the rubber 
    ball, groaning and grunting in feverish, animalistic frenzy.

          And Karen's naked body was all over hers as she came, rubbing 
    her, sucking her strangled breasts, still fucking her brutally with 
    the double dildo, bringing wild, gargled screams of ecstacy from deep 
    in Laura's throat, and sparking fresh, excruciating climaxes from 
    Laura's tortured, shuddering flesh.

          Then, when Laura thought it was over, she felt Karen sliding 
    one end of the dildo out of her ass.  Through a hot fog of bliss she 
    saw the black girl slipping it into her own cunt.  Now Karen was 
    hovering over her, fucking her like a man, but the dildo was in both 
    of their pussies.  They churned their hips frantically, going crazy 
    with fresh lust.

          "Oh!  Unhh!  Oh god!" Karen panted, pumping and gasping 
    uncontrollably as she embraced Laura and fucked her wildly.

          And Laura was fucking back, too.  It was the hottest, most 
    passionate and frenzied fuck they had ever shared, and even though 
    Laura was tied up, she pumped her pussy up into the plunging dildo, 
    meeting Karen thrust for thrust, groaning and keening hysterically as 
    another fierce, all-consuming orgasm began to wrench them both.

          It was an agony of coming for both of them.  Locked together, 
    moaning and quivering, they let it run its course.  Then Karen untied 
    and ungagged Laura and the two of them melted together in a long, 
    slow, gentle, healing fuck that lasted almost twenty thrilling 
    minutes before another mutual explosion of coming joined them again 
    in a fever of wrenching bliss.

         

