Warning: This story is unsuitable for minors and contains explicit descriptions of sexual activity considered taboo (and illegal) in most (if not all) jurisdictions. If such activity offends you, DO NOT read any further. I do not condone any illegal activity and stress that this work is fiction, fantasy, and in no way meant to reflect reality. Sexual abuse of minors is a very serious issue and I encourage anyone tempted to engage in such behavior to seek immediate help.


This story is a work in progress. I am tinkering with it off and on and cannot give an idea as to how often it will get updated.


Last Updated: 3/12/18


Story Title: Land of Heroes


Dear Reader: Thank you for taking the time to read my work. If you wish to drop me a line, please feel free to email me at CreepingDawn@protonmail.com. I look forward to hearing from you.


Without further ado...



Chapter 2

My mind fought to remain asleep but my perverted instincts prevailed, drawing me slowly back to consciousness without jerking awake or changing my breathing patterns dramatically. I was laying on my side, facing the youngster next to me whose body heat easily crossed the half a foot distance between us. It was dark, though I could tell from the grey outside the window that dawn was quickly approaching. Though I could barely make out my miniature companion, his outline in the darkness was somewhat distinguishable from the other blackness in the room. So was his cock, which he was busily stroking as quietly as possible.

I lay there for a minute, watching through half-closed eyes as the boy pleasured himself silently. My erection began to throb. Suddenly, the boy's hand began to move slightly faster and he inhaled deeply, his body tensing and quivering at the same time. Then he exhaled and lay still, his hand leaving his boyhood and resting on his flat stomach. His climax over, Tyler slowly worked his tiny garment back over his softening boyhood before he rolled away from me and his breathing soon became deep and regular.

How I wanted to jerk off! I'd just witnessed the boy who had been my personal sex-fantasy beating his meat not six inches from me but I knew it would be impossible to get off without drawing attention to myself. I groaned internally. 

The minutes passed and I eventually rolled over, pretending to be asleep and willing my manhood to soften. It did, eventually, and I even began to doze lightly. Before I knew it, the room was filled with light and I imagined at least a half an hour had passed since I spied on Tyler. Perhaps, I thought, it was time to get up. Maybe make my way to the outhouse to get off?

Sliding off the bed, I crept across the room to the door and, after unlatching it, proceeded into the hallway. I padded softly down the hall to the stairs and soon found myself standing in the common area of the tavern, surprised that Gus, as well as a couple of patrons, were already up.

"Good morning," said Gus, beckoning me over and pouring a lime green liquid into a small clear shot glass. He offered it to me and I frowned, thinking it was much to early to begin drinking. As if he read my mind, Gus grinned and said "It's not alcohol. It's a Quaff of Healthiness; I get it from the traveling merchant. Drink it. It's good for you."

"I feel pretty healthy already," I said quietly, sitting at the bar.

"Sure you do. But this takes care of lots of problems that might eventually develop. One drink of this a day will clean your teeth, freshen your breath, deal with any digestive issues, clear your skin, cure any diseases that might be brewing within your body, and give you a boost of energy." He offered me the shot glass.

Shrugging, I drank the liquid in one gulp and felt a burst of healing slam into my body. It wasn't unpleasant. Quite the opposite, actually. The fuzziness in my mouth was suddenly gone and, as I ran my tongue along my teeth, I felt as if I had spent ten minutes doing a deep teeth-brushing. My breath came out fresh. My stomach, which had been gurgling slightly as I came down the stairs, was calm. I felt invigorated. Bringing my hand up to my face, I ran my fingertips along my chin and was surprised to find that a small painful bump that I knew was developing into a pimple had disappeared without a trace. Gus smirked. "Ready for breakfast?"

"Sure," I said, still amazed.

"Ian?" The voice from the stairway drew my attention and I smiled as Tyler made his was down the steps. He was so fucking hot, his compact and toned body calling out to me and my soft cock twitching with the desire to grow. As he slipped into the bar stool beside me, I smiled at the boy.

"How did you sleep, kiddo?"

"Good," he said. "I heard you get up to leave. I was... I wasn't sure if..."

"Oh!" I said, realizing what he was getting at. "I'm sorry buddy. I thought you were still sleeping. I actually came down here to use the outhouse but Gus offered me breakfast. I promise, I'm not going to abandon you." Gus appeared, then, with two platters of food and a small shot of the Quaff of Healthiness for Tyler. I explained to him what it was and the boy drank it down, his face giving a surprised look as he felt the power wash over him. He didn't have any pimples to begin with but, when he began talking again, I noticed his breath was sweet and fresh.

"Wow."

"Yeah, my thoughts exactly." I grinned and he did as well.

We ate the biscuits, sausage, and fried eggs rapidly as Gus gave each of us another weak beer and a pot of hot tea. The food was good. The tea was excellent. The beer was subpar. Tyler and I talked about what we wanted to do that day, how much money we had, and generally light topics. We avoided anything too deep.

"So gentlemen, are you going to be staying here another night?" I pondered the question, unsure as to the best answer.

Tyler answered for me, apparently already knowing what my concern was. "Maybe. It depends if we make any money today. We don't have much."

"That's understandable," Gus responded. "I'm sure you will find some opportunities around Peaceford, though. I'll keep the room open just in case."

.........

After eating and using the lavatory, the two of us left The Sleepy Maid and found ourselves standing in the middle of Peaceford and unsure of what to do next. There was man across the street setting up a small stall attached to a building so we wandered over to see what he was doing. It turned out that he was the town merchant and, after showing him the five fox claws we had acquired the day before, he offered to buy them from us for ten coppers. We agreed, with me taking two and Tyler taking the other eight. 

He had few wares for sale, though. Three small bottles that he said were Quaffs of Healthiness, a dagger, a steel helm, some feed for horses, some turnips, and several water skins. He also had a long rubbery tube that looked suspiciously like a dildo but I declined to ask about it and Tyler seemed to ignore it. The man apologized profusely, saying that he had not received a shipment from Goldenshield in some time. When we asked, he told us that Goldenshield was a rather large town that lay at the edge of the Sleepy Vale. It acted like the gate between the vale and the rest of Aurora and we would need to travel to Goldenshield if we wanted to leave these mountains.

We thanked the man and left, wandering the small cluster of buildings for only five minutes before we realized there was nothing left of Peaceford to explore. "So now what?" Tyler asked.

"I don't know." I said. It wasn't like the quest givers would be marked with red X's over the heads to indicate they needed our assistance. I suggested we do another loop of the town and Tyler agreed. If we went by the outhouse, I though to myself, I was going to excuse myself for a few minutes to take care of the business I had not been able to start earlier.

On the second pass through, we discovered a small girl sitting on a small bench and sniffling. I nudged Tyler, who took the hint, and he was soon being told that the girl had lost her doll the previous day and that it was somewhere around Peaceford. Looking at me, I shrugged at the rather lame quest before Tyler and I did another circuit of the town and discovered a small porcelain doll sitting next to a roadside fence. The girl was excited to get it back, giving Tyler 2 copper pieces for our assistance.

Moments after the girl went inside one of the buildings, a young boy of about ten stepped out of the home and asked if we could help him. Like the man from the night before, this boy's pants were tented slightly. I blushed, as the boy was cute, and hoped that Tyler didn't notice. We nodded that we would assist him and learned that he had been tasked with going into the forest and inspecting 10 of his father's snare traps, bringing back any game that had found itself caught. The boy had lost his dagger, though, and was fearful of going into the forest without a means to defend himself. We agreed to go check the traps and, after a morning of searching, we had emptied 3 traps of rabbits, two of small wild pigs, and inspected five empty traps. The eighth trap had a small simple dagger next to it so we brought that with us. The boy took the game from us, was very grateful we had found his dagger, and paid us 8 copper for our trouble. He didn't have an erection when we met him for the second time, for which I was somewhat grateful and somewhat disappointed.

A man, who had apparently observed us deliver the animals to the lad, approached and asked if we were able to travel the forest safely. We informed him of our morning escapades and the man asked if we would be willing to go slightly deeper into the woods and kill 5 Prowling Wolves. As mayor of the town, it was his responsibility to keep predators away and he would pay us well if we accomplished the task. Tyler and I talked about it for a while and decided we would try, though I reminded him we would need to act cautiously if we were to kill wolves. The boy agreed but it turned out his agreement was moot. By early afternoon, we had killed 5 Prowling Wolves with almost no difficulty, though they did not drop any loot like the foxes had, and eagerly made our way back to the mayor.

"Oh!" Shouted Tyler with a bit of glee in his voice.

"What?" I asked, curious.

"I just looked at our stats. We are about to level up."

Having forgotten about the stats, I willed my numbers to appear and was amazed to see that I had 118/125 experience points. Tyler, I assumed, was similarly situated. When we informed the mayor of our success, a sudden flash of light indicated we had indeed leveled up to 3. The mayor, satisfied, paid us each a silver before taking his leave.

My stat bar had changed upon leveling up. The old information was there, though it now read level 3 and my experience bar was 18/255. My mana and health had also increased. Next to those, though were several new pieces of information. Combat: 8. Magic: 16. Social: 12. Interesting.

The boy and girl from earlier both approached us, then, followed by a woman. "Excuse me sirs," she said. "May I... may I ask for your assistance?"

"Of course madam," I responded. "How can we help."

"My husband and older son. They're hunters. I'm afraid... I'm afraid they have not come home. They traveled to the north, where some of the best hunting ground are, and my husband had told me this morning they were going to observe the goblins there to ensure they were not poaching any of the game. They haven't come back. I'm... I'm afraid that something bad has happened."

Goblins! Both Tyler and I straightened up. This sounded like something we could do. "We will go investigate." I said.

"Yeah!" Tyler added.

Before long, we were north of the town and making our way up a small trail.

.........

From a small copse of trees, we could see a large cave and two goblin guards pacing back and forth. Their crude spears made me nervous. Though the goblins were not large, they each wore a leather tunic that looked like it doubled as a light armor. "What do you think?" asked Tyler, cocking his head as he glowered at the little green monsters.

"I think we can do it. What about you?" I responded. The goblins were ugly little creatures.

"Yeah. Lets do it. You shoot the first one and I'll rush the second. Sounds good?" We quickly selected our targets and I took aim.

"Fire Spark" I said, concentrating on my shot. The ball of fire zipped forward, slamming into one of the goblin's chests and sending it sprawling onto the ground. Tyler, meanwhile, was absolutely flying across the ground and was on the other goblin before it could even ready a defense. His axe was thrust forward, knocking away the green creature's spear before it flashed from the ground upwards, splitting the creature almost in two. I fired my spell again, hitting the first goblin as it staggered to rise. Neither goblin moved after that.

Before passing the goblin sentries, I looked in my bag. Sure enough, I had two more coppers and a small rusty dagger. Apparently, the loot just sort of jumps into my bag for every creature I killed. I gave Tyler a thumbs up and we slipped into the cave. The next room contained three goblins and Tyler took out two while my spells finished off the third. No alarm was raised. A wandering goblin died a short while later.

We eventually found ourselves at a fork in the cave system. "So which way?" Asked Tyler.

"I don't know. What do you think?" I responded.

"Well, we should go this way," Tyler said as he carefully wandered down one of the forks, the light from the various torches providing plenty of illumination. I started to follow when Tyler gave a small shout of surprise and fell onto his butt. A soft clicking suddenly filled the cave system and a wooden fence fell from the ceiling to separate me from the startled boy. As it slammed into place, I realized that Tyler had tripped over a hidden string. It had apparently activated this trap.

"Well that's not good." Tyler said, standing.

"No. It's not. I guess we are going to have to be more careful." Tyler nodded at my declaration and approached the barricade. It was made of slats of wood, with plenty of space between them for us to talk. However, the spaces were not large enough for either of us to slip through. "Hm..." I said. "Maybe we should try and lift it?" Tyler agreed and, for the next minute, the two of us tried in vain to make the fence budge. It didn't. Tyler, in his frustration, eventually tried to break the thing down with his axe, a strategy I was sure would work, but the wood held firm against his attacks; much to the surprise of us both.

"Your fire spark?" A flustered Tyler eventually asked.

"I don't know. If your attack didn't work, and it should have, maybe we can't break this wall down. Plus, I'd hate for it to catch on fire and for the smoke to cause us problems." We tossed around several ideas before I eventually cast a fire spark at the wood. Nothing happened. "Damnit." I swore, and Tyler grinned. Concluding that there had to be a lever or something to raise the trap, Tyler proposed we each take a fork and search for it.

I was loath to split up, namely because I was afraid for Tyler if he ran into trouble. Though this place had MMORPG elements, what would happen if the boy met more resistance that he was prepared for and dropped to 0 health? Would he die? "No." I said firmly. "We are not going to split up."

We argued. Tyler pointed out that neither of us had been overly taxed by the goblins and he swore up and down that he would be able handle any threat in his path. I argued that I could take my fork until I found the lever to raise the trap. Tyler pointed out that the lever might not be in my fork. I said it was safer for him to stay here.

Then the boy told me that I wasn't the boss and that he was going to go forward. Then he did. "Tyler Kennedy!" I said as loudly as I dared. "Get back here now! Tyler! TYLER!" I hissed his name as he waved at me with a smug grin and rounded the corner. Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck. I was going to spank the hell out of that little shit if I could get my hands on him. Being so damn reckless!

I rushed down my path and came across two more rooms, each with a lone goblin sentry. Neither survived my magical onslaught. A third room contained three goblins and I had to play a bit of cat and mouse with them, me running around the room casting while they chased me. The first two went down without me getting a scratch but I ran out of mana on the third. 

The last goblin did hit me twice with his spear. Once in the shoulder, once in the belly. Both attacks hurt slightly, informing me that I had indeed received damage. Neither injured me like they would have back on Earth, however, and I persevered; pulling up my stats to see how concerned I should be. It turned out that I was only taking 3 damage with each poke and my health didn't drop too far before I was able to jump over a crate and force the goblin to disengage from me. Glancing at my numbers again, I saw that my health was at 12/18 and, as I watched, it ticked back up to 13/18. Wow. My health replenished quickly. My mana did as well, going from 4/28 to 5/28 as the goblin rounded the barrier between us. Knowing I had enough to cast another spell, I took aim and blasted him. He fell, dead.

There was a chest in the room but I ignored it, glancing at the walls for a lever as I had in the previous two rooms. Seeing none, I rushed forward.

A loud moan and the repeated SLAP SLAP SLAP of flesh on flesh had me stopping just before I entered the next room. "Oh! Yeah! Fuck me! Fuck me!" A man's deep voice echoed around me and I pressed my back against the wall. What the hell?

"Oh! Right there! Yeah! Oh! Let me suck it! Ugh!" A boy's voice, deeper and richer than Tyler's, echoed a heartbeat later. My eyes widened.

Peaking around the corner, I inhaled sharply at the sight. The room was not large and was most definitely a dead end. Several blankets lined the floor, pillows scattered about. There was a table in one corner, two chairs leaning against the nearby wall. I saw three goblins, their small bodies glistening in the firelight. The moans were clearly coming from the two humans, a man in his early thirties and a boy of about fourteen. It was what the five of them were doing, however, that caused my breath to catch in my throat.

The man was on his hands and knees, his nude body arching backwards as a large green goblin fucked him deeply. The creature held the man's hair in it's tight grip as it thrust energetically into him, both goblin and man grunting eagerly with every thrust. The cock on the creature was well proportioned, I could tell, and the man's own cock was hard as a rock as the man enjoyed the anal assault.

The naked boy was lying on his back on the table, his legs raised slightly as one goblin had it's face mashed between his upturned legs and was clearly eating out his boypussy. The other goblin was near the lad's head, it's green member thrusting in and out of the boy's mouth. From my angle, I could see that the boy's cock was just as hard as his fathers, quivering as the two goblins used his body.

Just as I was about to jump forward to save the man and boy, I realized with a start that my own cock was throbbing with desire. The scene before me was so fucking hot and my whole body tingled with need. Despite my better judgment, I leaned my staff against the wall and dropped my shorts, letting my erection spring forward and grabbing it with a well practiced hand. I jerked off as I watched the orgy before me, grunting quietly as the humans and goblins enjoyed their carnal encounter.

When the goblin eating out the boy rose to it's feet and thrust it's wet cock balls deep into the lad, much to the boy's obvious enjoyment, I lost control and erupted. "Ugh! Ugh!" I moaned as blast after blast rocketed out of my straining member and my cum painted the floor before me. Three. Four. Five blasts of cum. Six. Then seven. My knees went weak and I fell backwards, my shoulders landing against the wall as the last few dribbles of cum ran over my still moving knuckles. Taking several deep breaths as my climax ended, I shook my head and listened to the sounds before me.

My erection did not disappear entirely as the minutes passed by. Eventually, though, I raised my shorts, wiped my still cum-covered hand on the wall, and took up my staff. It was time for battle.

"AHHH!!!!" the man roared.

Oh shit! Jumping around the corner, I rushed into the room and began blasting the little green menaces. Left. Right. Fire. Death. I paid attention to my numbers to make sure that I cast my spell efficiently and, before the goblins could even form any semblance of defense, I had vanquished my enemies. They died rushing me, my enemies no more. Looking at the man, and sure I would see that he had been mortally wounded, I blushed as I realized that the roar I had heard a moment before was not one of pain. It was one of pleasure. The man, crumpled to the floor, had cum all over himself from the fucking.

"No!!!!" whined the boy, the two still smoking goblins several feet away from him. "Why'd you do that!" The boy, to my amazement, suddenly thrust two fingers deep into his puffy pussy and immediately began to beat off. I stood, dumbfounded, as the boy let out a sharp groan of relief and came all over his chest a moment later, his teenage cock spurting a massive load that rapidly began to slide off his heaving body and onto the table under him.

.........

"Thank you for coming to save us," the man said sheepishly as he and his son got dressed. "Though, you could have waited a little bit before jumping into the action." He gave me a slight grin. "My poor boy had to finish himself off. He's going to be sore about that for days I'd bet."

"I... Um... I thought they were going to kill you..." I stammered, totally taken aback.

"Goblins? No. They just like to fuck. They'd have let us go in a couple of days if no one had shown up to rescue us. Just bad timing that you attempted your rescue right when they got horny. Oh well. There's always next time." His grin grew.

"Next time?" I asked, still mystified as to what the hell he was talking about."

"Sure," he said. "The next time we are taken captive. Happens pretty regularly." The fourteen-year-old nodded.

I sat down at the table, totally unsure how to process this information. What did he mean by that?

The man, as if sensing my confusion, asked, "Lad, are you new to being a hero? You seem confused."

"Confused? I mean, yeah. I... I'm totally confused." I shrugged.

"Well I'll answer any questions you have when we get back to town. How about if we get going before these goblins respawn?"

I stood, nodded, and began to follow the two out of the room. Then his word choice hit me. "RESPAWN? Wait! What do you mean by that?" The boy gave me a strange look, like I was an idiot, but the man seemed more bemused than anything else.

"Respawn. You know, all the goblins come back to life and repopulate this cave system? They are usually quite aggravated when they respawn so it's best to get going."

I was speechless. We entered the next room and the man, realizing I hadn't looted the chest, directed me to open it. I did, not really paying attention to what was inside. The stuff there disappeared a moment later, though, and I felt my bag get just a little bit heavier. We continued onward, until we neared the fork in the road.

"Tyler!" I said, seeing my little companion coming toward me with his axe at the ready.

"Ian!" he shouted, running up to me and jumping into my arms. The two of us swung around several times before I put him back on the ground. "Oh my god! Guess what? I killed like ten goblins and I even took out their goblin chief. Big green guy. Had his own axe. Not fast, though. I dance like this," the boy jumped back and began to re-live the fight, "and this. Then I jumped on a table. It was so EPIC!"

"How did you get out?" I said, amazed.

"The lever was behind him. After I killed him, it was easy."

Remembering, then, how we had come to part ways, I rushed forward and grabbed Tyler around the waste. Having caught the boy totally unprepared, I spun the kid around so I had easy access to his butt and I began to spank him with everything I had. "Ian! Wait! Ah! Stop! No! No! Stop!"

"I! Told! You! Not! To! Go! You! Could! Have! Died!" I shouted, fear and anger swelling up in me. I continued to spank the disobedient boy for a minute or so as he cried and pleaded.

Then, a warm hand found my shoulder and the man said calmly in my ear, "Lad. I think he learned his lesson. You should let him go." I sighed, standing up and letting Tyler back away from me. His face was filled with tears and snot ran down his nose. I noticed that his bottom was red, hand prints making the creamy flesh glow a warm crimson. "Besides, no harm could have come to him. Had his health dropped to 0, he would have respawned back in town. No harm. No foul."

I gave the man a muddled look. "He would have respawned in town?"

"Um... duh. What do you think happens when your health drops to 0? You just respawn in the last town you visited." The boy spoke for the first time, still looking at me like I was an absolute moron.

"Lad," the man said. "The only way you die in Aurora is from old age or disease. Quaffs of Healthiness take care of the disease, though, so most folks live well into old age. You didn't know that?"

I shook my head in the negative. Tyler shook his head too.

"Well," the man continued after giving us an incredulous look, "lets get out of here before the goblins respawn."

