I'm sorry it has taken me some time to continue my stories.
I 've had quite a bit of storm damage to contend with over the past month.
I hope to get back to finishing what I started, and here is the newest chapter.
For those also following the Carol, Mom & Me story, I will get to that, soon.
Thanks for your patience.


TWINS IN LOVE

CHAPTER 35

    The girls had dad's cake just about finished now. It looked nice. Mom was busy with the rest of dinner.
All of them gave us a sly smile as we walked back in the kitchen.
Donna begged to add a few finishing touches to the cake decorations and the girls stepped aside.
  Surprisingly, she knew exactly how to make the colored flowers and ribbon edging.

    Mom seemed a little more relaxed now, knowing dad's fate was sealed for tonight. He would be home in about a half hour.

    I realized that within four hours, his whole sex life would change forever. For that matter, mom's also.

    We had decided to set everything up outside and then thought to give Donna's mother a call.

  "Oh Kenny, I'm so damn nervous about this." mom said as she called to invite Marie down for dinner.

    "Yes, Marie. Its still on as we talked about yesterday."
"I hope everything will be nice for him tonight." Mom said.
The girls know nothing except for Donna." " Yes, Kenny told her."
"Her and Karen will be coming down to YOUR place for the night while you stay here with us."

   "Kenny hopes you will FULFILL HIS WISHES for his dad, tonight, Marie."
"OK, we'll see you in a little while." "Good Bye"

  "I can't believe I was just speaking to an old school chum that will be fucking my husband tonight, honey!"
We were in the parlor as she finished the phone call to Marie.

 The girls were all outside waiting for dad.
I hugged mom and kissed her.
I could feel her anxiety.

  Soon, we heard dad's car pulling in the drive. Then the excitement of the girls out on the deck.

"Hi daddy!"  Cindy running up to kiss him.
Uh Oh! Again I watched as she seemed to deliberately rub and press her tits into his chest.
He had his arms around her and was kissing her cheek.
I also noticed a quizzical look on his face as he returned her kiss. I could plainly see Cindy pressing her pussy straight into his crotch.
Uh Oh! I thought.

  " Come on back here dad." 
"We have dinner all set up out here."
Mom and I had now joined the others on the deck as she gave him a kiss also.
"Happy birthday honey."

   I think dad was really surprised by all of this.
The dinner was already in a large roaster with other bowls being kept warm on the grille.
I helped with setting the table as dad's face finally seemed to absorb the shock.

  "This really is a surprise!" he said.
All the girls had their two piece suits on, and covered them with long unbuttoned shirts.
Mom looked snazzy in her cream shorts and tight flowery blouse.
Her nipples were hard and poking through the material.
She knew it, and knew that I was eyeing them, as she smiled at me.

    Soon we were all eating, as the girls pointed out the decorations they each made.

It wasn't long before we were all done and the girls urged dad over to the table with the cake and gifts on it. 
By now, it was starting to get dark, and the lights around the yard and pool were more clear.
The candles were lit and Happy Birthday all around.
Each of us handing him our gifts, to further make him seem shocked.
Donna and I had gotten him a really nice dress watch, while the girls got him dress shirts, ties, belts and cologne.

    Mom had bought him a nice suit with new dress shoes.
She also handed him a card that seemed to make him blush when he read it.
I watched their expressions after he read it.

Now I wondered at what she wrote!

The girls had the stereo playing and finally had dad dancing in turn with them.
I think mom also noticed how Cindy deliberately kept rubbing tightly to dad as they danced.
Her eyes were riveted to them.

I grabbed mom and we danced alomg with the others.

  " Are you thinking what I'm thinking mom?"
"Oh Kenny, Do you really think she has the hots for your DAD?"
"It really looks like it mom." 
"I don't think dad is realizing that she seems to be seducing him....right here in front of us too!"

  " Oh Kenny, If her pussy was any tighter to his cock, he would be fucking her!"
"He seems to be liking the attention mom."
"Oh fuck Kenny, If he has a god damned hard on when they stop, I'll shit."

    I looked over mom's shoulder at Karen who was sitting closer to them now.
She seemed to be noticing what was happening too.

   I was about to say something to mom, when Karen got up and butted in for a dance with dad too.
Cindy's face seemed red now. Flushed and seeming to be disappointed as she went to sit next to Donna.

    Karen and dad danced as mom and me neared them. Mom leaned her head back to kiss him as we passed them.
Finally, we were all sitting. Dad was exclaiming how thankful he was for all the nice gifts.

   It seemed like a cue for all the girls to get up and say they were leaving.
They each kissed dad on the way off the deck.
I made an excuse to leave soon after.  I asked mom for a fake ride and she also said the would be back in a while.

   The stage was now set. Mom and me went to her car, leaving dad alone momentarily on the deck.
He was getting his bathing suit on now, as we backed out of the drive.
We parked further down the deserted road, seeing Donna and Karen walking further on to her Aunt'a house, as planned.

Soon, Marie was coming down the road in her car. We spoke with her, telling her that dad was already on the deck. 
I said that we would see her later.

   She looked beautiful. "Make it nice for him Marie." I said.

"Oh, I will, I promise I will please him."
We watched as she drove on to our house and then turned around and went in the front door of our house.

    Mom and me raced up the stairs to my room and looked out my back window to the pool.
Dad was sitting on his favorite recliner having a drink as we watched Marie walk up on the deck.

   She was dressed in a nice tight  blouse and short skirt.
We watched as she smiled down at dad and leaned down to kiss his cheek.
Then she set her packaged gift and the huge poster type card that mom had made.
"What does it say mom?"
"Oh Kenny, here it goes!"

I wrote on it that Marie is a gift from ME to him. Just for his enjoyment and pleasure.  I mentioned that THIS was his long time wish of having another woman.
I wrote that Marie will do anything he would like of her.
I said that he has my explicit OK to enjoy himself with her.

That I love him,, Happy Birthday, and will see him later tonight.
Mom was leaning on her crossed arms on my window sill as we watched.
It was dark now.
The music was still softly playing on the stereo near the pool.
"Oh Kenny, It's going to happen." "Your father's dream is about to come true."
"Its been a secret dream of my own too!"

My arm went over her back as I leaned down to look at them.
Marie was urging dad up by the hand to dance with her now.
Their arms went around each other and she leaned her head back, as if waiting for a kiss from him.
They started moving around on the deck as they danced. My hand now reaching under mom and caressing her tit as we both watched.
It wasn't long before dad was seeming to look all around the yard and then leaned down and kissed Marie while they danced.
We could see his hand slipping down to her upper ass and watching her deliberately grind into his cock.

    He kissed her often. Both of them were smiling and saying  things we couldn't hear with the music.
I was now standing behind mom and reaching in front to unbutton her blouse.
She rose up and quickly finished herself and then quickly lowered her shorts. She was now naked. I pulled her to me and kissed her as she reached down to slide my shorts off.

    I pulled her to me and kissed her softly again. She was really excited. 

"OOOOHHHH Kenny, I'm so fucking horny. Just thinking that MY husband will be fucking another woman for the first time."
She turned to the window again and leaned down. I closed in and my cock slid into her pussy as my hands went under to cup her tits.
"OOOHHH Just what I needed honey. A nice hard cock to have inside me as I watch my husband."
I was in no hurry, and mostly kept my cock tightly jambed deep inside her.

    Dad had now turned and was pouring a couple glasses of wine. We saw him turn to Marie and offer her a glass. His cock was hard through his shorts, and Marie was staring down at it with a smile.

     They were just a foot apart now as she drank some and then set her glass on the table near them.
She leaned up and kissed him as his hands went to her tits through her blouse.
Finally, they broke the kiss and Marie urgen him down on the recliner. He was smiling up at her as she backed up.
She was facing us, as we watched her reach up and start to unbutton the blouse and let it fall to the deck.

  Her beautiful tits were now exposed to dad for the first time.
It made me fuck into mom a little harder now, and grasp her hanging tits more firmly.
Marie was smiling down at dad as she now started to lower her skirt.
She kicked it to the side next to the blouse and was now standing naked in front on him.
I was pumping mom as she moaned.
She was moving her pussy all over trying to get more and more of my cock.
Marie reached up and cradled her tits and caressed them as she continued to smile down at dad.
We could see his hard on forcing up his shorts.

   Marie lowered both her hands to her pussy and massaged it invitingly to him.
Her body really was gorgeous.
I could plainly see her hardened nipples as I caressed mom's.

'Ohhhh fuck me Kenny honey. Fuck me hard."
I pumped a little harder now as we watched Marie finally drop to her knees and reach for dad's shorts.
Within seconds, they were laying on top her own clothes and dad's cock was now out in the open for her to see for the first time.

    Marie eased herself into dad's spread legs and reached for his cock.
She smiled up to him and was saying something.
Dad's hand went to caress her hair and face as she lowered her head to kiss the tip of his cock.

She held the tip in her mouth as she raised up to smile at him.
"OOOHHH Kenny...she has my husband's cock in her mouth.   OOOHHHH"
"Yeah, but I have my cock in his wife."
Mom was trying to ram back at me but I wanted to make this fuck last. I continued at a slow deliberate pace as I slid in and out of her.

Marie's hands were caressing dad's shaft and balls now as she lowered her mouth further down on his cock.
Dad's hips rose as she went even further now.
His hands gripped the arms of the lounge as we watched her finally lower her mouth all the way down on his huge cock.

     "OOOOHHH God, Kenny, he loves that. He loves to be deep throated just like that."
"So do I mom." 
I pulled out of her pussy and asked her to suck me while dad was getting sucked.
In seconds, mom was on her knees and gulping excitedly down on my cock.

"OOOOHHH mom, suck me!"  OOOHHHH. She moaned and tried to turn her head so she could also watch them down below. Still with my cock in her mouth.
Marie was now going up and down with a slow rythym on dad's cock. Mom seemed to be copying her with the same motions.

   Mom's moans seemed to keep my cock raging hard as she sucked me hard.
Marie was sucking on dad's balls now as she softly stroked his wet cock. Her smile up to him was pretty.

Soon, after sucking his balls, she went all the way down on his cock again. Dad hips rose high as she held him tight and sucked him deep.
"OOOOHHH God, Kenny, he's cumming in her mouth."

Mom went back to sucking me faster now, making me almost on the edge myself.
Her fingers were caressing my balls as she sucked and licked me. My cock going completely into her throat  as her hands pressed tight on my ass, urging me to stay deep in her mouth.
Her hands were massaging my ass as I finally exploded deep in her mouth. 
Watching mom suck me, seeing dad finishing his explosion in Marie's mouth was so fantastic for me and mom.
There were dribbles of dad's cum coming out of Marie's mouth as she sucked dad hard.
Her fingers stroking his cock as he remained taut and raised off the lounge.
My own cum was filling mom's mouth as she gulped and moaned through my climax.
My cock kept spurting hard. Mom kept gulping. Her own fingers working just like Marie's had on dad.

    I was moaning almost loud enough to be heard downstairs. Mom was still eagerly and excitedly sucking and licking my cock as if she were never going to see a cock again.

Her fingers went from massaging my ass to stroking my cock for every last drop of cum left in my balls.

    Finally, I pulled mom up and kissed her. My arms pulling her tight to me. Feeling her hard sexy nipples and tits pressed into me. My own mother, acting like a slut to me.
Her kisses were ravenous. I was tasting my own cum on her lips.
Her pussy grinding into my half hard cock.

In the meantime, dad had pulled Marie up to lay half on him on the chaise.
He was kissing and caressing her tit. Her hand was stroking his hair and down to his chest.

     "OOOHHH mom that was nice. I really came hard." 
"Ohhh Kenny, I'm so excited honey. Sucking you while watching my own husband  being sucked by another woman."
I was imagining his cum AND yours as I sucked you honey."
I went behind her and once again caressed her tits as we went back to watching them down below.

Marie was kissing dad softly now.
He really seemed content and happy with her.
His hand still softly caressing her tit.
"They look pretty peaceful down there right now, mom."
'Yeah, he always relaxes for a little while after I suck him."

  I pulled mom up again and turned her to kiss me.
I was just about as excited as she was.
I turned her so she could look out the window and went to my knees and began licking her pussy.
I ran my tongue over and over her trimmed pussy mound and as far as I could reach into her slit.  I forced her legs wider and shoved my mouth harder up into her clit and licked all over it as she moaned loudly.
Her fingers were clawing my scalp.
I sucked her upper pussy lips and licked her clit until I felt her begin to cum.
I rammed two fingers into her pussy as I sucked directly on her clit.  Mom was in a full blown cum. Her body was shaking and she moaned. Pressing her pussy as hard as she could into my sucking mouth.
My fingers were soaked with her flooding juices.

Tasting, sucking and drinking the fountain of my own mother was so hot for me.
Knowing I had just been able to make her cum like this made me feel so proud.

I placed my hands on her ass now, and pulled her tightly to my mouth. Her hands were caressing my hair. She was really enjoying watching dad caressing Marie's tits, as I was sucking her pussy.
Mom was moaning almost constantly.

I backed my face away from her pussy and slowly caressed it with my fingers. Her swollen pussy lips and mound proved to me how excited she really was.
Finally, I rose and kissed her hardened nipples on my way up to kissing her.
Mom was acting like any other woman in love and horny now.
A woman who just had her pussy licked and sucked till she came.
Her eyes were flared open with her excitement. She hungrily pulled me tighter for yet another hard kiss. Her tongue sliding deep in my mouth.
Now I have YOUR cum in me too mom.

   OOOHH Kenny, OOOOHH baby. How fucking sexy.!"
"Your father's long held dream is being filled tonight."
'How many times he mentioned wanting to fuck two women at the same time."
"Tonight, he will, honey."
"OOOOHHH, I love your dad so very much."

   " I know mom. I know."
Dad and Marie were in the pool now, as we went back to watching them.
Her head was back on his shouldher. Her long auburn hair was over his shoulder as he reached down and caressed both her tits.
Her pussy was glistening as she seemed to be floating out in front of him.
Her nipples were really hard and standing up. His fingers were rolling them, as he cupped her beautiful tits.
I was doing almost the same to mom's as we watched.

     "OOOHHH I'm feeling just what she is, Ohhhh Kenny. That feels so nice honey."
"I've always loved my nipples played with.'
"Your dad is doing just what he does to me."
I masssaged mom's tits and continued to softly stroke her nipples as we watched them finally get out of the pool.

   They were standing on the deck now, dripping wet as dad leaned down and kissed her.
Her arms went around his waist.

"it looks like the plan has worked perfectly mom."
"Ohhh yeah. I was so afraid he wouldn't even try anything with her."

We could see dad lean his head back and say something to her. She smiled up to him and then turned.
She went to her hands and knees and dad also knelt behind her.
Marie was looking back at him over her shoulder.
Dad was stroking his mammouth hard on now. Marie was licking her lips as she watched dad close in on her from behind.
He guided himself into her and arched his back as he pushed deeper into her.


"OOOOOOHHH Kenny, this is so fucking hot." OOOOHH I know just what she's feeling. 
My own cock was getting harder just watching them down below.
Mom felt it against her ass and reached her hands around to caress it.
Her head back on my shoulder.
I continued to cup and caress her tits as we watched dad fuck Marie.
He seemed to really be enjoying her.
    He was now fucking her with a steady rythym .
We noticed that he occasionally looked toward the house to see if anyone was there, as he fucked her.


Mom was still caressing and craddling my balls as she watched her husband fucking the hell out of Marie.

"OOOOHHHH Kenny, Look!"  "He's going to fuck her in the ass."
"OOOOHHH I love that too honey." Your dad hasn't fucked me in the ass in a while."
We watched as dad was aiming his glistening cock at Marie's ass. 
Again, she turned to look back at him smiling. Lowering herself to her head in her arms, and pushing up her ass to him.
Within seconds, dad was completely buried in her ass and fucking her.

    Between mom's caressing and watching dad, my cock was raging hard once again.
Mom was gripping it tightly as she watched dad with her eyes wide.
I reached down and grasped my cock and guided it towards mom's ass.
She felt it right away.
"OOOOHHH Honey, you want to take me like that too?"  
"Yeah mom, I want to try it."

    "OOOOHHH  Honey, go ahead. Take me. Slide it in me honey."
She urged her pussy up so that I could make my cock wet, and then she reached under as she bent, for my cock.
Get it real wet first, inside me honey.
I plunged into her soaking pussy a few strokes and then she bent down on her arms on the window sill again. Waiting.
I guided my cock to her ass she helped steer me with her movements.
"Go ahead honey. Slide it in." I'm ready."
   I pushed forward and felt the tight ring of her asshole with the tip of my cock.
Mom urged herself back hard and swallowed my cock quickly into her with a gasp.
Both of us moaning at the new sensation.
Most of my cock was buried deep in her ass now.
Her moans as she felt me.
OOOOGiod, OOOOHHH Kenny.  I love it. OOOOhhh, you're filling my whole ass. Fuck me honey. Fuck me like dad is fucking her.
I looked over mom's shoulders and watched dad as he was really fucking hard in and out of Marie's ass.
She was on her elbows, and seeming to ram back at him eagerly.
Her tits were swaying as dad held her hips and fucked himself to another cum, deep inside her ass.

Mom was moaning as well as I by this new feeling of fucking her in the ass for the first time.








 






















   

