The Runaway Girl
by Vanessa Evans

Part 04

Following another love making session after Ingrid took advantage of Tom’s morning woody they finally got up and went to the family shower. Then Tom told Ingrid to put a dress on and go to the shop for some fresh Baguettes and Croissants.

Reluctantly Ingrid did as she was told. It wasn’t that she was unhappy at having to go to the shop, it was that she had to put a dress on to do so. The dress came off just as soon as Ingrid was back.


After breakfast Tom and the naked Ingrid set off to go for their scuba diving lesson. Yet again Tom was amazed that no one seemed to care that Ingrid was naked. What’s more the diving couple didn’t bat an eyelid either.

Before the instructors would take them out there was a twenty minute session where the instructors told Tom and Ingrid all about the equipment and about some safety features and procedures. None of this was new to Tom because a few years ago he had been on a BSAC Diver Training Course but had to stop after that because of the pressure of work, but he didn’t tell the instructors nor Ingrid about it because he wanted to judge the competence of the instructors.

Whilst all the training was going on Tom and Ingrid were sat on the sand, Ingrid sat crossed legged which gave the instructors a great view of her pussy every time they looked at her, and Tom noticed that the man’s eyes often drifted down well below Ingrid’s face.

Training over and Tom thinking that it was adequate for what they were going to do, the equipment was carried down to the boat and Tom helped the man float the boat before jumping in and joining the girls.

Out in the bay an anchor was dropped and Ingrid was asked who she wanted her dive buddy to be. Tom was right with his guess and the guy helped Ingrid into a Buoyancy Control Jacket which she said was heavy and the instructor sat her down to strap the tank on. 

Tom was watching all this whilst the girl told him what to do and he suspected that Ingrid was disappointed that there was nothing going between her legs for the guy to get close to her pussy, although she later told Tom that he did put his fingers under the straps at the front and touch her tits.

With a few last minute reminder instructions all four lay back over the side of the boat and they fell into the sea. After a quick check that both Tom and Ingrid were breathing okay Tom watched the guy point to where he wanted her to swim to. Just as Tom was about to swim where the girl pointed he saw the guy following Ingrid who was doing everything but clamp her legs together allowing the guy to have a great view of her pussy.


They swam around for a good twenty minutes and Tom observed that it was much more fun and interesting than learning in a swimming pool. When the girl indicated to Tom that they needed to surface, up they went and swam the short distance to the boat where Tom found that Ingrid and the guy were already back, Ingrid having taken the Buoyancy Control Jacket off and was sat on the opposite side of the boat with her legs stretched in front of her and definitely not clamped together. 

“So how was that Ingrid?” Tom asked as he unstrapped himself.

“That was amazing, I never knew that there was so much life down there. Can we come again please Tom?”


Whilst the girl drove the boat back to the beach the guy sat beside Tom and opposite Ingrid as he kept asking her questions about her dive. As I mentioned earlier, Ingrid was sat with her legs out straight and her feet well apart so both Tom and the guy got a great view of her pussy which was contracting and relaxing like she was doing some Kegel exercises.


Back on dry sand Tom collected his things and paid the diving instructors then walked further along the beach and behind the rocks where they both got the relief that they needed, first on the sand then in the water.


Then it was a walk all along the beach with Ingrid telling Tom about everything that she’d seen below the surface of the sea, and Tom deciding that as soon as they got back to the motorhome he was going online and ordering face masks, snorkel and flippers for the pair of them. He wondered if everything that he had ordered had arrived at his lawyers office yet.


Back at the motorhome Tom got on the internet while Ingrid got things organised for a lazy afternoon which started with Tom coating all of her skin with sunscreen and teasing her clit to about her fourth orgasm of the day.


The rest of the day was quiet and in the evening they walked to the village again, mainly because the cafe was having a karaoke evening and Tom refused to go and listen to people destroying good songs.

Ingrid asked if they could eat in the same restaurant again, hoping that the same thing would happen to her again but Tom refused and they ate in a little bar with Portuguese cuisine that they both enjoyed and a few locals starting at the near naked fourteen year old girl.

*****

The next morning as they were coming back from the shower they saw their neighbours, Ian and Angela, putting a few things in their car.

“Ah, there you are Tom, are you sure that it’s okay for you to keep an eye on Dan and Elliott?”

“Of course it is, we have no special plans for a couple of days.”

“Thanks Tom, I’ll buy you a beer or two when we get back.”

Ingrid saw Angela and waved to her but the wave and look that she got back told her and Tom that she wasn’t too happy about leaving her sons with a naked girl, but neither Tom nor Ingrid cared about that. Tom would make sure that the two boys didn’t do anything that they shouldn’t and he’d do his best to make sure that Ingrid had a good time.


A short while later Tom heard Ian and Angela drive away and then saw Daniel and Elliott appear round the bushes. Ingrid was in the van sorting a few things out.

“Hi boys, come and have a seat. I was just about to start Ingrid doing a few stretching exercises, you can do them as well if you like, or you could just watch, I’m sure that Ingrid won’t mind.”

Ingrid heard Tom and it was news to her but they’d already talked about her needing to exercise and as the day was still reasonably cool she was happy to do what Tom said. Besides, stretching limbs could be interesting in front of two naive boys that were slightly older than she was.

Ingrid came out of the van and the two boys instantly turned their heads to see the naked girl.

“Okay Tom.” Ingrid said, “let’s get started, what first?”

“Well Ingrid, it’s important that girls especially need to keep their flexibility so today we’ll concentrate on stretching and bending. Boy’s, you can join in if you like?”

Both boys weren’t interested which pleased Ingrid.

Tom then got Ingrid to move in front of the boys and then said,

“Okay Ingrid, let’s start with ten star jumps.”

Ingrid did them with the three males all staring at her tits and pussy. As her legs spread her  pussy opened for a second or so and her clit became more prominent. Further up her body Tom was impressed to see that her tiny, cone shaped tits didn’t even wobble.

“Easy.” Ingrid said.

“Okay smarty pants, let’s see you do ten press-ups.”

“Easy.” Ingrid said when she’d done them.

On it went with Tom telling her to do sit-ups, bicycle crunches and squats. After each set Ingrid said that it was easy.

Tom decided make things a little more revealing and Ingrid and told her to lean over backwards and go down into the crab position. Making sure that she faced the boys she did as instructed making sure that her feet were well apart for both balance and exposure to the boys.

“Very good Ingrid, I half expected you to collapse as you went down.”

“It was easy, I used to do gymnastics at school.”

“I didn’t know that, your mother never told me.”

“Maybe that’s because she didn’t know.” Ingrid replied.

All the time the two boys were just sat there staring at Ingrid and the shiny wet coating of her pussy told Tom that she was enjoying herself and he wondered if the boys knew why her pussy was all wet.

“Hmm,” Tom said, “let’s see how flexible your spine is Ingrid, lay on your back then bring your legs up in the air and take them right over and touch the floor behind your head with your toes.”

Smiling, Ingrid did that but when her toes were pointing to the sky she spread her legs extremely wide for a few seconds before taking her legs over her head so that her toes touched the ground.

“Very good Ingrid,” Tom said, “one final exercise that is very difficult, get on your feet and do the standing splits.”

With a big grin on her face Ingrid did just that, leaving her balancing on one leg and her spread open pussy staring at the boys.

“Wow Ingrid,” Tom said, I didn’t expect you to be able to do that, Daniel, Elliott, did you think that Ingrid would be able to do that?”

Both boys were deadly quiet and both Tom and Ingrid assumed that they were in some sort of hypnotic trance at the sight of Ingrid’s spread open, very wet pussy, her vagina being open for the three guys to be able to see inside her.

After a few seconds Tom said just one word,

“Kegels.”

Ingrid’s smile got wider and she clenched her pussy muscles. Both boys eyes opened to the maximum as Ingrid clenched then relaxed her pussy muscles a few times before she lost her balance and her raised leg came down very quickly.

“Very good Ingrid.” Tom said, “I’m impressed, you are fitter than I thought. What do you think boys, is Ingrid fit?”

As Tom waited for an answer he wondered if the boys knew both meaning for the word ‘fit’. After a good minute with no answer Tom gave up and said,

“Okay Ingrid, go and get the sunscreen, if you’re going to be outside all day you need some protection.”

Two minutes later Ingrid was back with the tube of sunscreen and she stood in front of Tom watching the boys watching her get the cream rubbed all over her back and the back of her legs.

Then she stood sideways to Tom so that his right hand could do her front and the boys could see what Tom was doing.

“Do you want me to make you cum Ingrid?” Tom whispered.

Ingrid let out a little moan and her Tom felt her stomach tense for a second. He didn’t need a verbal answer and when he got to her pussy she spread her legs and his hand got busy on her clit and finger fucking her.

It didn’t take long for Ingrid to loudly moan and her body start shaking but Tom kept going until he thought that she was about to cum again, then he stopped. Ingrid gave him a pleading look, obviously wanting him to bring her to another climax but Tom wanted her to feel horny for as long as possible.

Once Tom thought that Ingrid was capable he turned to the boys and said,

“Would you like Ingrid to put some sunscreen on you boys?”

No answer.

“Boys!”

No answer.

“Elliott, Daniel!”

“What?” Daniel finally replied.

“Sunscreen, do you want Ingrid to put some on you?”

“No, our mum put some on us before they left.”

“Okay,” Tom replied, “what were you thinking of doing all day?”

Meanwhile Ingrid was think how stupid and immature the boys were for missing an opportunity like that.

“Playing games on our phones or maybe going for a swim.” Daniel replied.

“Sea or pool?” Ingrid asked.

“Pool,” Elliott replied, “the waves are too rough in the sea.”

“Wimps as well.” Ingrid thought.

“Okay guy’s” Tom said, “you play on your phones for a bit, I need to talk to Ingrid in the van.” 

Once Tom and Ingrid were in the van where the boys couldn’t hear them Tom told Ingrid his plans for the day. Firstly let the boys play on their phones for a while then go for a walk on the beach. If we can get them into the sea for a mess about great, otherwise to the swimming pool here.

“Do you need to come to the beach with us Tom? I might have more chance of getting them into the sea on my own.”

“What are you thinking doing, grabbing their cocks and pulling them in?”

“That might be fun if their cocks are big enough to grab hold of.”

“Now now Ingrid, their cocks might be bigger than mine.”

“I doubt that, besides, I like your cock just the way it is.”

“I can fix that for you Tom.”

“Not right now Ingrid, you don’t want to rush their education, they might get scared.”

“Okay Tom but you just wait until those boys have gone running back to their parents.”

“Naughty girl Ingrid, stop being nasty to them.”

“Sorry Tom, you’re right, they might be really nice boys if we managed to get to know them. Are you going to give me that spanking that you promised me days ago?”

“No Ingrid, go and top up that tan of yours.”

“Okay daddy.” Ingrid said, loud enough for the boys to hear her.”


Ingrid moved one of the lounger round so that her feet were nearest the boys then she lay down with her feet touching the side edges of the lounger. If the boys got round to looking up from their phones they couldn’t miss seeing her spread pussy.

Tom shook his head sideways then got on with a few jobs that needed doing.


Jobs all done and him wanting to get a change of scenery for a while, Tom went outside and said,

“Right boys, take those electronic things back to your caravan then lock it up, we’re going for a walk on the beach. And Ingrid, you may want to put something on.”

“No thanks DADDY, I’ll go like this.”

“Okay, your choice Ingrid, come on boys, chop, chop.”


The three young ones made the effort and soon the four of them were walking towards the beach, Daniel having gone and collected a football.

“You’re going to the beach like that Ingrid?” Elliott asked.

“Yes why?”

“Won’t you get embarrassed? Someone might say something.”

“No I won’t get embarrassed, you and your brother have seen me like this and I wasn’t embarrassed so why should I get embarrassed if other people see me?”

“S’pose so, but what if someone says something?”

“No one said anything the other times that I’ve been on the beach like this. Besides, I’m younger than you, only a little girl, and who cares what a little girl or little boy wears, or doesn’t wear.”

“Okay.” Elliott replied and they continued their walk, Tom marvelling at the sight of Ingrid’s little butt swaying from side to side. Sometimes when Ingrid stepped on a big rock Tom caught a glimpse of her clit sticking out of her pussy lips and he felt his cock twitch.


On the beach they soon found an open area and started kicking the ball about. With there being four of them they could play two against two and they found four rocks to act as goal posts. To start with it was the boys vs Tom and Ingrid, the boys being better than Ingrid and maybe Tom but that was difficult to tell because he was holding back.

As the game went on, not only was there physical contact, mainly instigated by Ingrid, but the boys were starting to relax and talk more. Twice Tom saw Ingrid and one of the boys collide and end up on the sand and each time, somehow, the boy ended up with one of Ingrid’s little tits on his face.

By the time everyone was a tired and hot and sweaty, both boys were quite talkative.

Ingrid and Tom ran down to the sea to cool down and wash the sweat off but both boys would only go knee deep and splash water over themselves. When Ingrid asked them why the wouldn’t go any deeper Elliott said that they’d had a bad experience in the sea and ever since they’d stayed out of it. Ingrid didn’t press them for details.

“What about swimming pools?” Ingrid asked.

“They’re okay, just so long as they’re not too deep.” Daniel replied.

“But you can swim can’t you?”
  
“Yes.” both boys replied.

Both Ingrid and Tom wondered what the story was but neither was going to press the issue although Tom did wonder if Ingrid was going to want to go to the campsite’s pool later and he had to decide if he could let her go naked.

Anyway, the three young ones splashed around in the shallow water whilst Tom sat on the beach watching them. He was pleased to see that Ingrid was giving as good as she got.

After a while the trio walked over to Tom and Ingrid asked if the could walk along the beach and explore the rocks at the end.

“Okay,” Tom said, “but no trying to climb up the cliff, they can get very slippery.”

All three agreed and Ton watch them walk away, Ingrid with one brother on each of her sides.

It wasn’t that far to the end of the beach and Tom watched them all the way. He also watched the other beach-goers to see if there were any adverse reactions to Ingrid being naked.  

Tom lay back on the sand and reflected on how what was going to be a solo year out had changed to the totally unexpected, but he knew that he was happy and in a strange sort of way he thanked Ingrid’s parents for abandoning her.

About fifteen minutes later Tom looked along the beach to the rocks and saw Ingrid climbing up the rocks with the two boys below her and looking straight up at her.

“That little minx.” Tom thought then realised that she was probably just climbing up so that Daniel and Elliott could get a good look at her pussy, but never the less, she had been told not to climb and she had. An idea came into his head.

Tom was about to get to his feet to go and stop her when he saw her start to climb down on her own. He lay back and closed his eyes.


After a while he looked around and couldn’t see the trio but he wasn’t worried because there was nowhere for them to go so he closed his eyes again.


When he woke up he saw that Ingrid was stood right next to his head. He couldn’t see Ingrid’s head but he could recognise that clit and pussy anywhere.

“Can we go to the swimming pool please Tom?” Ingrid asked.

“Yes, but there’s a couple of things that we have to do first.”

“What?”

“Wait and see, let’s go back to the van first.”
  
Tom got to his feet and they all started heading back. When they got there Tom told the boys to take a seat then he stood in front of Ingrid and said,

“What did I tell you not to do when you were at the rocks Ingrid?”

“Climb up them.”

“And what did you do Ingrid?”

“Climb up them.”

“So you disobeyed me Ingrid?”

“Yes Tom, sorry Tom.”

“You’ve been a naught girl Ingrid haven’t you?”

“Yes Tom, sorry Tom.”

“And what happens to naught girls Ingrid?”

“They get spanked Tom. You’re not going to spank me are you Tom, not in front of Daniel and Elliott?”

“Yes I am Ingrid.”

“Please don’t Tom.”

“It’s too late for sorry Ingrid.”

As Tom was saying that he manoeuvred the table to in front of the two boys then told Ingrid to bend over it. There were four sides to the table and Ingrid could have chosen any one of them but she chose the side nearest to the boys and when she bent over she spread her legs giving the boys an amazing view of her spread, wet pussy complete with slightly open vagina. When Tom saw that he just knew that she was really turned on.

“As we have guests here Ingrid,” Tom continued, “I think that it’s only fair that they take part in your punishment don’t you?” 
  
Ingrid was silent for a few seconds then replied,

“Yes Tom I do, Daniel, Elliott will you spank me please?”

Both boy’s eyes had been wide open as they stared at Ingrid’s pussy but when Ingrid invited them to spank her both their jaws dropped, they just couldn’t believe what was happening. It took a reminder from Ingrid for Elliott to stand up and go to Ingrid’s side.

“You really want me to spank you Ingrid?” Elliott asked.

“Yes please, I shouldn’t have been naughty.”

“Four or five swats on each butt cheek will do Elliott.” Tom added. “Then Daniel can do the same and if I think that Ingrid needs some more I’ll take over.”

Elliott looked at Daniel, then at Tom, who nodded, then his right hand flew to Ingrid’s left butt cheek.

“Ouch, one, thank you sir.” 

Ingrid said, the swat not hurting half as bad as she had expected it to but she did feel a little twinge in her clit which surprised her.

Ingrid’s front was pressed against the table with her head turned to the side that Tom was stood. He could see both her butt and her face. Her face told Tom that she was okay whilst her pussy told him that she was getting more aroused with each swat that landed on her butt.

Nine more swats followed by ‘ouches’ and the count increasing, and Tom could tell that her complains of it hurting were an over exaggeration. Okay her skinny little butt was going red but she didn’t look to be in much pain.

“Okay Elliott,” Tom said, “thank you for that, I’m sure that Ingrid appreciates it.”

“Yes, thank you Elliott.” Ingrid said, “I guess that it’s Daniel’s turn now. Please Daniel.”

The boy’s swapped places and just before Daniel landed his first swat he said,

“Sorry Ingrid.”

“Ouch, one, thank you sir.” Ingrid said as she thought that the swat was no harder than Elliott’s. 

But she also felt that tingling in her clit again. She even wondered if the vibrations from the hand hitting her butt sent a bolt of electricity to her clit. Whatever the pleasure that she was feeling was starting to outweigh the pain from the swats.

Tom had also noticed that Ingrid’s face was showing signs of pleasure not pain, and as for her pussy, Tom could see little drops of her juices on the ground. It was starting to look like Ingrid was one of those girls who got a lot of pleasure out of being spanked.

Daniel’s ten swats were over in no time and Tom had a decision to make. Stop things there and then or continue and spank her himself. Before he could make a decision Ingrid stood up, turned to face Tom and said,

“Is that it? I was expecting more.”

That sort of annoyed Tom a little bit and he said,

“On your back on the table Ingrid, lift your legs up and hold them back near your head.”

Ingrid looked a little surprised bit she did as she was told, holding her legs outside her shoulders which meant that her slightly spread, very wet pussy was there for all three males to clearly see. So was her butt hole but when she realised that all that happened was that the tingling got a little stronger.


Tom’s first swat landed and Ingrid instantly knew that it hurt more than either of the brothers swats had. Having said that the bolt of electricity that shot from her butt to her clit made her sigh.

“One, thank you sir.” Ingrid said. 

The second swat sent a more powerful bolt to Ingrid’s clit and this time it was a moan that came out of her mouth. All sense of pain just wasn’t there. More swats and Ingrid was having trouble remembering to count and even say anything. Finally after the ninth swat landed Ingrid lost all control and her legs lifted and went straight out as a very intense orgasm exploded out of her. After a few seconds of no breathing and rigid muscles Ingrid gasped, her body relaxed and she started swearing in German.

Two minutes later the swearing changed to English then an apology for swearing. As Ingrid got to her feet she continued,

“Elliott, Daniel, I am so sorry that you had to see that, I shouldn’t have been naughty. Please can you forgive me and forget what you have just seen.”

“I doubt that they will ever forget what they have just seen, right guys? Tom said. 

Both boys shook their head up and down then Daniel said,

“Does your butt hurt”

“Not so much at the moment but I reckon that it will in a bit.”

“When the adrenalin stops flowing.” Tom said, “You need something to cool it down.”

“How about the swimming pool?” Elliott suggested.

“Good idea,” Tom said, “but you can’t go like that.”

“Put a bikini on” Daniel suggested.”

“I haven’t got one.”

“How about some knickers?” Elliott suggested.”

“Not got any of those either.”

“Wow.” Daniel said.

“I know, don’t move Ingrid.” Tom said and he turned and went into the motorhome.

Seconds later he was back with a tin of blue paint and a brush and telling Ingrid to stand on the table and spread her legs.

“He’s going to paint a bikini bottom on me.” Ingrid said to the boys.

It didn’t take Tom long to paint an upside down Isosceles Trapezium on Ingrid’s pubis, just covering the top of her slit and leaving her clit clearly visible. Then he went round the back of Ingrid and painted a small upside down triangle at the top of her butt crack.

Standing back Tom said,

“There, a thong, if anyone asks the thong has those nude plastic straps.”

“Won’t it wash off in the pool?” Daniel asked.

“No,” Tom said, “by the time you get to the pool the paint will have dried and it’s waterproof. We tested it the other day.”

“What about a top, a bra?” Daniel asked. 

“She can go topless, I’ve seen a few topless women at the pool.”

“I’ll get a ball.” Daniel said as Ingrid jumped off the table.

When she was on the ground she whispered to Tom,

“I need you to fuck me.”

“Sorry, but you’re going to have to wait, go on, show that cute body to the people at the pool and I’ll join you as soon as I can.”

Ingrid ran off, soon catching Elliott and Daniel whilst Tom started putting the paint away thinking about how he was going to fuck Ingrid just as soon as he could.


When Tom got to the swimming pool he saw Ingrid and the two boys in the pool throwing the ball amongst themselves and another couple of boys. Tom went to one of the vacant loungers and sat watching them. Ingrid’s little tits kept coming up out of the water and her nipples looked as hard as Tom had ever seen them. He wondered how horny she was.

After a while the game changed to tag and the five of them were chasing each other all over the place, even getting out of the water and quickly walking round the pool. When Ingrid got out Tom was pleased to see that the paint was still there. He also watched the adults around the pool as Ingrid went passed them to see if there was any indication of disapproval of her state of dress but he saw none.

What he did see was Ingrid pulling herself out of the pool directly above the boys and Tom smiled as he watched the boys stop chasing her and look up at her bare pussy. Tom quickly realised that the two other boys were more mature than Daniel and Elliott and that they knew that Ingrid’s bikini bottoms weren’t the real thing.

Somehow, Tom saw that the game had evolved into more of a game of catching Ingrid and when they did, the boy’s hands were going all over her body. Tom couldn’t see what was going on under the water but he could definitely see the hands on her tits and she was doing nothing to deter them other than the odd token verbal instruction to get off her. Which the boys ignored.

After a while Ingrid managed to get out of the water and went and sat on Tom’s lap dripping water all over him.

“Come and join us Tom.” Ingrid said.

“You look to be enjoying yourself Ingrid.”

“I am, you don’t mind those boys putting their hands all over me do you Tom?”

“I don’t mind if you don’t mind Ingrid, and judging by the look on your face you are enjoying it.”

“I am, all four of them have had their fingers inside me but I’d rather have your cock inside me.”

“Later girl, later. You go and have some more fun.”

Ingrid got up and went over to the edge of the pool where all the four boys were stood talking. She stood there with her feet well apart and Tom saw all four boys staring up at her bare pussy. Tom could also see that Ingrid’s butt still looked a little red from the spanking.

Tom felt the need to adjust the front of his shorts.

The five kids were just talking for ages before Ingrid jumped over them and bombed into the water right next to them. That triggered four pairs of hands going after her and trying to grab her wherever they could and pull her under the water.

That went on for ages until Ingrid finally shouted for them to stop, which they did. 

The five of them just stood talking for a while until Tom decided that they should be heading back to the motorhome. He went over to the edge of the pool and told Ingrid, Daniel and Elliott that they were leaving and Ingrid swam over to Tom, passed the two new boys. 

Tom reached down and pulled Ingrid up and out and she stood next to Tom with her feet well apart. The two new boys again stared at her bare pussy as Tom and Ingrid waited for Daniel and Elliott to swim to the little ladders and climb out.

Ingrid waved at the two boys still in the pool as they started walking away from the pool, Daniel and Elliott ahead of them and walking faster.


“Can we go back to the pool tomorrow please Tom, those boys said that they will be there.”

“And you want them to put their hands all over you again don’t you Ingrid?”

“Yes, it was nice, was that bad of me? Do you need to spank me again Tom?”

“No Ingrid, sorry to disappoint you, it’s only natural for a teenage girl to want to have boys hands all over their bodies.
 
“Those boys were worse than the boys were at the FKK meets.”

“That’s because those boys don’t get to see cute girl’s pussies as much as the boys at the FKK meets.

“Do you think that I’m cute Tom?”

“No I don’t.”

Tom saw Ingrid’s face turn to a sad expression then he continued, 

“I KNOW that you are cute Ingrid, you are a lot more than cute.”

Ingrid’s face told Tom that she was pleased with what he had said and quietly said,

“Will you fuck me soon Tom?”

Tom put his arm round Ingrid’s shoulders and replied,

“Just as soon as we get rid of Daniel and Elliott.”



Back at the van the boys and Tom sat around whilst Ingrid got them all cold drinks then Ingrid sat on the remaining lounger that had been left for her. He legs were up on it and her feet were spread to the edges of the lounger giving Elliott and Daniel a great view of her pussy. When she saw them looking she smiled at them and realised that they had sat where they were on purpose and she, as sure as hell, wasn’t going to deprive them of the view.

They’d been making small talk for about fifteen minutes when everyone heard a car and Daniel said,

“They’re back,” but no one moved until Angela approached them.

The only people that moved were Tom and Ingrid, Ingrid only moving her legs so that they were tight together.

“Can I get you a cold drink Angela?” Tom asked.

“Thanks but no, Ian will be getting some out of the fridge right now. Thank you so much for looking after my boys for the day, I hope that they weren’t and bother.”

“Not at all Angela, in fact after they got over their shyness they were great, we all had a great day.”

“Good, I see that you’ve managed to get Ingrid to wear a bikini bottom.” Angela said.

Tom heard both boys let out a quiet snigger.

“Yes,” Tom replied, “I almost had to paint them on her but it’s a good start, you never know I might just managed to get her to wear a full bikini before the holiday is over.”

Tom was looking at the boys and Ingrid as he said that and he saw the boys almost laughing and Ingrid giving him a dirty look.

“Well thanks again Tom, I’ll take them off your hands now, are you sure that it will be okay to leave them with you again tomorrow?”

“Sure, no problem.”

As they left, Daniel said,

“Thanks Tom, and Ingrid, we had a great day.”

“You’re welcome.” Ingrid replied.


No sooner than they were out of sight Ingrid jumped up and jumped up on Tom. After giving him a long, tongue wrestling kiss she moved her head back and asked,

“Now will you fuck me?”

Tom carried Ingrid inside the motorhome shutting the door after them and as they both took Tom’s shorts off he said,

“Don’t want your you screams of pleasure heard all over the site do we?”

“I wouldn’t mind.” Ingrid replied just before she tried to swallow all of Tom’s cock.


Thirty minutes later they were just laying there recovering and Tom said,

“Jeez it’s hot in here.”

“You should have fucked me outside Tom.”

“And you would have let the whole world know that I was fucking you.”

“I wouldn’t have minded.”


Tom got off the bed and opened the door and windows then asked Ingrid what she wanted to do that evening as he lay back next to her and toyed with one of her nipples.

“Stay here and fuck all night?”

“You young lady will wear me out, I’m not a teenager any more.”

“Maybe you should buy some of those viagra pills?”

“I might need to.”

“Maybe we should go to the cafe tonight, Angela and Ian might want to buy us dinner and a few drinks.”

“Ingrid, I don’t need someone else to buys our food or drinks, that meal in the restaurant the other night where you got your pussy eaten cost me more than all the food we will eat here all the time that we are staying here.”

“Yes, sorry, I’m still not used to all your money, my parents only ever gave me enough to pay for the shopping.”

Tom squeezed the tit that he had been toying with and replied,

“That’s okay Ingrid, it’s good that you keep your feet on the ground.”

“What do you mean Tom?”

Tom explained the saying and Ingrid replied,

“I always want to keep my feet on the ground, except when I’m flying somewhere, can we go on an aeroplane sometime please Tom?”

“You’ve never flown anywhere? No, I guess not, yes of course we can. I’ll take you wherever you want to go Ingrid, just so long as you let me keep looking at your amazing body.”

It was Ingrid’s turn to squeeze something of Tom’s and the triggered a second round of love making.


Calm finally restored in the motorhome they thought about the evening. They did decide to go to the site’s cafe to eat but first it was a shower in the family showers where Ingrid asked Tom to bring her off again, Tome deciding that the girl was insatiable. Then it was back to the van where Ingrid had to decide what to wear as Tom again refused to let her go naked, even though she still had the thong painted on her.

Ingrid chose a top that is short enough to be worn as a top or an ultra short dress, one that shows Ingrid’s slit, clit and the bottom parts of her butt cheeks, and that’s when she’s just standing upright. Ingrid’s justification for choosing that particular top was that if anyone said anything she could flip the front up and look like she was wearing a blue thong.

Before going to the cafe they went for a walk all around the site, probably going down every little road and track, Ingrid linking arms with Tom as they walked and talked, exchanging more details of their past making Tom more determined to have Ingrid with hm forever.


When they arrived at the cafe they were immediately spotted by their neighbours and Ian went rushing over to them and insisted that they go and sit at the table that they had commandeered and add their drinks and food to their own order.
 
Ingrid’s chair had been placed between the two boys and she spent most of the time laying back on the chair which meant that whenever the boys turned to her they could see some blue painted pubis and her pink clit sticking out between her slit lips.

On the other side of the table the adults were talking, well Angela was boring Tom by telling him all about the old buildings that her and Ian had visited that day.

Things got worse for Tom when he discovered that the entertainment that night was karaoke, something that Tom never enjoys, he hates the way people ‘murder’ good songs and half way through the evening he said that he had to join a zoom meeting with some of his staff. That was of course rubbish but Angela and Ian didn’t know that, and him and Ingrid ‘escaped’ and hurried back to the motorhome to enjoy themselves before finally going to sleep.

*****

It was Ingrid’s turn to be woken by Tom’s cock sliding in and out of her vagina. Somehow they had slept later than intended but that wasn’t going to stop them having some fun before leaving the motorhome to have a shower. 

They were just about finishing their breakfasts when Angela and her two sons appeared round the bushes.

“Morning Tom, Ingrid, is it still okay to leave these two with you? Oh Ingrid, you look great in that thong bikini bottom.”

 “Thank you Angela.” Ingrid replied as she struggled to hold a giggle.

Once the neighbours car drove off Tom said, 

“Right guys, we’re going to start the day with some exercising, the same as yesterday. Boys, you can join in if you want, or you can just watch Ingrid. She’s told me that she enjoyed doing them yesterday and she doesn’t mind you watching.”

Both boys chose to just watch and this time they made sure that they were closer to where Ingrid would perform. Tom then gave Ingrid instructions as to which exercise to do, making sure that Ingrid was in the best position for the boys to get a great view of her pussy.

Unsurprisingly, Ingrid was enjoying her exposure more that the exercise, but it was debatable if she was enjoying her exposure more than the boys were.


Twenty minutes later Ingrid stood facing Tom and said,

“What next?”

“Sunscreen.” Tom said, “Boys, did your mother cover you in the stuff?”

“Yes,” Daniel replied.

“Okay we’ll get this done quicker if both of you boys put some on her at the same time, Ingrid, on a lounger on your front, boys, one either side of her.”

They did then Tom gave them both a large dollop on their hands and told them to get on with it. If Tom had asked them the previous day they would have been very reluctant but this day both of them started on her arms then went down her back and the sides of her torso. Because her tits are so small they would have had to reach under her to do he side boobs, which they didn’t.

As they moved down they both rubbed some on her butt but didn’t linger or go between her cheeks. After doing her legs Tom told Ingrid to turn over and when she did Tom could see that her pussy was leaking quite a lot. Giving the boys another dollop each he said,

“Don’t be shy boys, Ingrid won’t complain if you get all personal.”

The did, and when they got to her tits Tom said,

“Make sure that you rub it into her nipples boys, they need it to be rubbed well in to them.”

Well Ingrid was in heaven, two boys playing with her nipples whilst her lover was staring up her spread legs at her pussy that was leaking copious amounts of of her juices. Tom was closely watching both her pussy and her face and he saw the pleasure and heard her moaning.

“Don’t worry about the noises that she is making, that’s a girl thing,” Tom said when he saw Daniel backing off when Ingrid started moaning.”

The boys rubbed her tits some more and Tom thought that she might just have an orgasm from just her tits being played with but she didn’t and the boys moved down her torso.

“What about Ingrid’s knickers?” Elliott asked.

“Good question,” Tom said, then continued, “just pretend that they aren’t there.”

But the boys both bypassed her pubis and her pussy and went down her legs. It was Ingrid that reminded them that they missed a bit.

“Are you sure?” Daniel asked, “that area is private and boys aren’t supposed to go there.”

“Unless they are invited to.” Tom replied, “and I’m sure that Ingrid is inviting you because she needs sunscreen on there.”

The boys looked at each other then their hands went to her pussy but staying away from her hole and her clit. Tom realised that they were probably too nervous to actually run the sunscreen between her lips and on her clit so he said,

“Boys, that lump of skin between her legs is very sensitive and very prone to burn so take it in turns to rub plenty of the sunscreen on and all around it and the reddish area between her pussy lips.”

“Is that lump her clitoris?” Daniel asked.

“Yes it is Daniel and it is very sensitive to the sun so plenty of sunscreen. You took notice of what they were teaching you in sex education lessons then boys. Did they have a live model for you to see what all the parts of a girl are or did you have to make do with a rubber model.”

“A silly rubber model.” Elliott replied.

“Well if you have any questions about Ingrid’s parts just ask her.. I’m sure that she’ll be happy to help you.”

Tom wasn’t sure that either boy heard that last part as one was rubbing sunscreen along her slit and the other boy was transfixed with the sight.

From going up and down Ingrid’s slit Daniel went to her clit and Ingrid gasped then moaned just as soon as Daniel touched her clit.

“That’s it Daniel. Plenty of sunscreen all over it and all round it.” Tom said as he realised that his shorts were getting quite uncomfortable at the front. “Don’t worry if Ingrid starts making funny noises or shaking, that’s perfectly normal. Oh yes, you watched me rubbing sunscreen on her yesterday, do you remember seeing her shake a lot?”

“And she made some funny noises.” Elliott added.

“Yes,” Tom said, “and it will probably be the same today.”

Daniel kept rubbing and the inevitable happened. Her little body almost danced around on the lounger and she got quite vocal.

Daniel withdrew his hand and joined his brother in just watching Ingrid. As she started to come down from her high Elliott said,

“What’s all that liquid coming out of her hole?”

“That’s her natural lubrication, female bodies do that when they are expecting to be penetrated by a penis,” Tom replied, “but Ingrid is too young for that so it goes to waste. Elliott, it’s your turn to rub sunscreen on Ingrid there, she needs a lot on that part of her body.”

Neither boy questioned the necessity of a double layer of sunscreen on Ingrid’s pussy and clit and Elliott got to work. Ingrid’s body hadn’t fully recovered from her first orgasm of that session, her third of the day, and it was only a couple of minutes before she was climaxing again, complete with all the physical and verbal actions that always accompany Ingrid’s orgasms.


When Ingrid was something like normal, Tom asked the boys what the plan was for the day.

“Dunno.” Daniel replied.

“How about going to the beach this morning and to the pool this afternoon?” Tom suggested.

Neither boy could think of anything better so that’s what they did. Daniel and Elliott went to get a football and Ingrid turned to Tom and said,

“Thank you Tom. But you are so going to end up with a sore cock when I get the chance to fuck your brains out.”

“I shall look forward to that young lady.”

When the boys returned Tom said,

“You go on ahead, I’ve got a couple of things to do then I’ll follow you.”

Tom watched Ingrid walk away with the two boys, her only wearing a very small inverted triangle of paint at the top of her butt crack and the blue upside down Isosceles Trapezium on her pubis.


One thing that Tom had to do was give himself some relief. The sight of what had just happened was almost too much for him but he couldn’t wait until the evening. He went round the back of the motorhome and relieved himself into the bushes then went and lay on a lounger for a while.


When Tom finally went to the beach to check on Ingrid he found her there with Daniel, Elliott and two other boys, the two that were in the pool with them the day before. She looked to be enjoying herself as they threw a ball amongst themselves so Tom held back and watched her.

Ingrid didn’t seem at all concerned that she was naked and the boys all had their shorts on.

The game sort of morphed into a game of the boys passing the ball to each other and Ingrid trying to intercept the passes and as the boys got closer to each other Ingrid was jumping right in front of a boy and Tom sword that he could see get tits rubbing against the boy’s faces as she jumped right in front of them.

A few times Tom saw Ingrid actually jump up onto a boy and wrapping her legs round his waist and Tom felt his cock stirring in his shorts.

As I mentioned before, the two other boys were older that Daniel and Elliott and Tom was sure that he saw them grabbing for Ingrid’s tits, and her pussy, and he just knew that Ingrid would be loving every seconds of it.

A couple of times Ingrid and one of the boys ended up on the sand and Tom definitely saw a boys hand holding one of her tits. Tom wasn’t at all jealous because he wanted Ingrid to have as much fun as possible and he could hear her laughing from about twenty metres away.

Eventually that game ended and Tom was surprised to see the boys take an arm or a leg each and lift Ingrid high into the air. Of course her legs were spread wide giving the two boys holding her legs a great view except that Tom suspected that her pussy juices would be holding quite a bit of sand and obscuring the boys view a little.

For some reason that Tom couldn’t understand the four boys were carrying Ingrid around spread like that. Tom even had to get up and start following them so that he could keep his eyes on her. 

In and out of lots of the other people on the beach they went, most of them being able to see Ingrid’s pussy in all its glory.

“Ingrid must be close to cumming.” Tom thought.

They were nearly at the other end of the beach when the boys finally put Ingrid back on her feet they they all went into the sea and started splashing each other, Tom noting that Daniel and Elliott didn’t go any deeper than their thighs whilst Ingrid and the two other boys went further into the sea.

When they came out the five of them started heading towards the path off the beach and Tom decided that it was time to make his presence know.

“There you are Tom.” Ingrid said when she saw him and she gave him a hug. “We were having great fun but everyone is going to the pool now, can I go please?”

“Of course you can let me check that your thong bikini bottoms are still intact.”

Tom squat down and Ingrid spread he legs even though that wasn’t necessary.

“I see that your pussy is enjoying the games Ingrid.”

“Yes Tom, just you wait, you’d better put a gag on me when were back in the motorhome.”

“I will and I might just tie you down as well young lady.”

“Promises, promises.”

Tom slapped Ingrid’s butt and sent her after the boys telling her that he gad to go back to the motorhome for something then he’d follow them to the pool.


It was his phone that he went for and as he walked to the pool he phoned his lawyer to find out how many packages had been delivered for him and what progress was being made on the identity documents for Ingrid, or should he say Rachel Matthews were coming along.

Tom was just arriving at the pool when his lawyer told him that he had all the documents and also six packages. Tom told him that he’d email him an address in a few days.


Ingrid and the boys were all messing around in the pool and Tom immediately realised that Ingrid was getting groped quite a lot but her face told Tom that she was loving it. He looked at the adults around the pool and didn’t see anyone who looked concerned that a nearly naked fourteen year old girl was getting molested by a group of slightly older boys in the water even though her face told everyone that she was happy.

Tom claimed one of the loungers, lifted the end of it and sat watching the fun in the water.

The fun in the pool extended to the surrounding area with Ingrid getting chased around in amongst the people around the pool but Ingrid’s laughing and obvious enjoyment stopped anyone from being concerned. When she ran around him Tom could see that her paint job was staying good and actually did look like a thong bikini bottom unless you looked really closely. Tom smiled and planned to paint one on again in places where he thought that she couldn’t get away with being totally naked.

The games seemed to go on forever but at one point Tom stopped them and told them all to get out and they went to the little shop where Tom bought them all an ice cream before it was back into the pool for more teenage messing about.


Finally, most of the teenagers were showing signs of flagging and Tom called them out and put an end to the fun. The two ‘new’ boys stayed at the pool and Tom, Ingrid and their neighbours walked back to the motorhome. They had only just got there when Ian and Angela’s car arrived back and Ian came to collect his sons, Ian telling Ingrid that she was wearing a cute bikini bottoms.

As soon as they were on their own the went into the motorhome, closed the door and windows and in spite of the heat they fucked themselves silly until neither of them could do any more until they had had a long break. Both Ingrid and Tom had slight bite marks on their arms where they had been put in Ingrid’s mouth to suppress her screams of pleasure.


It was getting dark when they finally emerged, both looking totally knackered but hungry and thirsty. After going and having an uneventful shower during which they used the special soap to remove the paint thong.

After a short rest on the loungers Tom told Ingrid to put a dress and sandals on and they walked to the village, Tom not wanting to risk another karaoke or having to listen to Angela telling them all about the history of the region.


They ate at a cafe where Ingrid got a few stares because her ‘dress’ was so short that Tom could see her clit when he was stood in front of her, and he could see the bottom half of her butt cheeks when he was stood behind her.

When it came to the walk back Ingrid told Tom that she was tired so the lifted her over his shoulder in such a way that her pussy was on display to people approaching them and Tom could also use his spare hand to play with her pussy as he walked. 
  
Ingrid still had enough energy for a good lovemaking session before they went to sleeping.

*****
