Harry tightened his hold around Snape’s body, knowing that for the moment, this was the closest thing to an admission of genuine affection he’d receive from the solitary man. Harry had found that most people spoke casually, revealed confidences carelessly and expressed emotions flippantly, but after so many years in the Professor’s presence, knew that what you heard was what you got. Severus Snape was never one to suffer fools gladly – it was amazing to Harry that, after so many years of balancing on the edge of danger as a spy, Snape still had a part of his brain that connected his thoughts straight to his mouth, without the usual bypass of tact. It was this honesty that made Harry feel so secure.

“Thank you,” Harry said softly, more to himself than to the other man.

“For what?” Snape enquired, hands moving leisurely on his back.

“For this. For being you. For saying those things. For allowing me to do this.”

Snape voice carried a tinge of amusement. “I’ve recently discovered, Mister Potter, that there is not much I wouldn’t allow you to do, if you wanted me to.”

Harry pushed back from his lover’s arms with a daft grin plastered on his face. “I know that now, so that’s why I’ve decided to reward you.”

“Oh really?” Snape taunted, his hands moving from back to hips. “And what is my reward for indulging your tomfoolery?”

Harry eyes darkened sultrily. “Assume the position, Professor.” Snape’s eyes narrowed; since both of them had spent a large part of their lives in a British boarding school and had listened to the many rumours that floated like flotsam in the collective memory of the populace, he had an idea as to what Harry was alluding.

Harry snorted. “Not that Severus. Although,” he added as an afterthought, “That’s something we’ll have to try one day.” Snape let out a hiss of delight, so far in their altogether too brief sexual relationship, Harry had been content to be dominated and taught by his more masterful lover. The idea of that training being turned upon himself exploded a fireball of desire in the pit of his stomach.

Harry watched the internal machinations of Snape’s mind and licked his lower lip. “This position, Professor,” he said huskily and pushed the older man’s body backward. Snape’s hips hit the table and his hands moved by reflex to brace himself against the wood. He watched as Harry lowered himself gracefully to the floor, robes billowing as he knelt in front of Severus’ exposed body.

“What are you doing Harry?” Severus croaked, the lowering afternoon sun cutting a swathe of light across his features.

“Grading you on your presentation,” Harry replied cheekily as his hands moved Snape’s robes away from his lower body. Severus’ lithe legs were encapsulated in tight black material, the linen pressing against his splayed knees and thighs.

“You’ve been so very good,” Harry crooned, his nimble hands making short work of the belt and buttons in front of him, “I want to show you how much I appreciate your…hard work.”

Harry’s hands caught the sides of Snape’s open trousers and tugged them down until they rested above his knees. He sat back on his heels and looked at the sight he had exposed; taunt white stomach, curly thatch of shadowy curls, hard heated flesh framed by a pushed up black shirt above and pushed down pants below. A picture of white-hot heat framed in darkness.

“Beautiful,” he sighed as his mouth descended on Snape’s cock.

Snape’s eyes dropped shut, all sensory information focussed on feeling the warm, wet cavern surrounding his dick. He resisted the impulse to thrust and simply revelled in the feeling of that agile tongue moving up and down his shaft. Harry’s palms pushed heavily into his hipbones, holding him in place against the wooden desk. Severus looked downwards and saw Harry’s head bob gently up and down, eyes shut in concentration.

“Harry!” he called. This was the first time they had ever enjoyed each other’s bodies in daylight. Harry’s eyes opened sultrily and he removed his mouth to say in a slurred voice, “Talk to me. Tell me what you want. Tell me what you see. I want to hear your voice.”

Snape knew the sensation his voice created in Harry and thought, if this was the only way he was going to contribute to their love-making, he’d do the best damn job of it he could do.

“I see you,” he began, voice low in need. “On your knees in front of me, your beautiful mouth sucking at me…ohh!” he exclaimed, as Harry introduced tiny love bites to his repertoire.

“I…I see your hands on me, touching my thighs, pushing into my skin, rubbing me….rubbing me.” Snape’s capacity to speak was stopped suddenly as Harry’s throat opened and descended down the long hard heat of his cock, until he could feel the head pushing against the back of that talented throat.

“Oh God…your hands…your hands are rubbing my balls, they’re kneading them, oh it feels too good Harry, so good, so good,” his voice trailed off as tendrils of electricity move around his balls and stomach.

Harry’s mouth popped off his dick, lips pursed as he blew warm air against the slippery shaft. His hands continued to pull the silky skin up and down. “Tell me what you want,” he repeated, tongue taking casual swipes of the pearly liquid escaping the soft head.

“Oh fuck…,” Severus drawled, his voice dropping an octave as his hips began to move without volition. “I want to fuck that mouth of yours, I want to come in your throat, I want you to swallow me whole,” he moaned erratically, years of pent-up desire for the man at his knees in front of him coming to the forefront of his conscious mind.

“Harry!” he yelled as an inquiring finger ran between the cheeks of his arse.

“Keep talking,” Harry murmured, pressing harder.

Snape began to babble. “I want to suck you and lick you and fuck you until you scream my name, until you tell me to stop.”

“That’s one thing I’ll never do,” Harry said gravely, swiping his hand over his wet mouth as he stood up. Snape’s desire had reached fever pitch, he grabbed the smaller body, twisted him around and threw him on the desk until Harry lay sprawled on his back.

“Oh Professor, you do care!” Harry teased as he stretched his arms above his head, chest and pelvis pushed up to show his own need. Snape’s eyes opened wide, his pupils dilated and his breathing became unsteady as he threw himself on the boy and ravaged his mouth with his own.

The kisses he pressed on Harry’s lips were frenzied and unskilled. Severus’ hands ran erratically up and down the firm body beneath him; probing, stroking, pressing. Harry moaned into his mouth as a hand suddenly encapsulated the hot package between his thighs.

“You want this?” Severus asked as he pressed butterfly kisses down his exposed throat.

“Yes,” Harry groaned, driving himself up into the slender fingers. Snape pushed himself up off the desk and gazed down at the wanton figure in front of him; legs spread open, hands thrown up in submission above his head, glasses hanging precariously off his nose. Snape delicately removed the glasses and ran possessive hands up his body until they cupped his head. He leaned close to his prey and whispered to him, “Now, it’s my turn to reward you, Mister Potter.”

Harry growled in appreciation and retorted, “Do it.”

Severus’ hands made short work of the clothing in front of him; material was removed quickly and steadily until Harry’s naked form lay in front of him. He pulled Harry’s hips towards him until his knees were up, arse and feet planted solidly on the table below.

Snape gave the exposed man a wicked grin and knelt in front of him. He pressed the heel of his hand over Harry’s puckered opening, his palm and fingers entwining around the swollen balls and cock.

“Expurgo ceroma,” he whispered the cleansing and lubrication spell and felt a wave of heat pass from his hand into Harry’s pelvis. Harry’s body thrust suddenly at the new sensation, a delightful tingle spreading throughout his lower region. Just as the feeling was beginning to dissipate, he cried out as hands held his ankles securely to the desk and a flat, warm tongue licked the entire length of his spread arse cheeks. He could feel the bony protrusion of Snape’s nose pushing the downy cheeks apart as his tongue wormed and wiggled around his hole, wetly lashing the tender flesh.

“Oh, fuck me,” Harry garbled, unable to get the picture out of his mind of his Professor and lover on his knees in front of him, mouth and tongue and teeth delving into his most hidden part.

“Eventually,” Severus breathed into his flesh. Harry’s cock twitched helplessly on his stomach as his knees fell open even more. Snape took the opportunity to spread his ankles further, exposing more of Harry’s body to his greedy eyes.

“A meal fit for a king,” Severus said as he began to suck the pink muscles open to his scrutiny. Harry sobbed and reached for his dick, hands moving harsh and erratic as he began to tug himself into orgasm.

“Please Severus,” he begged, “Please, I can’t take it anymore…fuck me, fuck me, fuck me,” he said repeatedly, overwhelmed by sensations of sucking and licking and pulling. Laying one more wet, slow lick up the crevasse, Snape stood up and placed his hands on Harry’s open thighs. Harry squirmed underneath his aroused glare, one hand still flaying his cock as the other moved restlessly around his chest, pinching and stroking nipples and skin.

Snape placed the head of his erect penis at the ready entrance and paused for a moment to freeze the picture in front of him in his mind for eternity. Harry’s eyes swam as he ran his hands softly along the wiry strength of Severus’ wrists. “Thank you,” Harry said softly, a slight smile on his face.

Snape could not hold back after that admission, he pushed himself in slow and steady until his entire length was branded in the heat of his lover’s body. He leaned over until their chests were pressed tightly together, Harry’s hardness trapped between their stomachs. Severus’ hands gently brushed the hair out of Harry’s eyes until their eyes were locked onto each other’s. He opened his mouth to speak but then stopped, not sure if he could explain to Harry what he felt.

“I know,” Harry agreed with the unspoken sentiment and lifted his hips. Severus felt the movement of tight flesh surrounding his cock and pushed back in response. Hands braced on either side of Harry’s head for balance, while Harry’s flexible legs surrounded and enclosed his body, he moved deeply and reverently, picking up speed as the intensity in their bodies grew. Harry felt the coarse hairs on their stomachs rub against his leaking cock, splinters of pleasure running up and down its length. Heat and friction moved between them and around them as they ground together towards their common goal, hard flesh pounding and slapping with steady rhythm.

“Oh now!” Harry yelled as his back arched, the pulses of his orgasm coating their stomachs and chests. Severus’ hands moved from their position and clutched Harry’s face, his kisses as deep and as hard as the cock he pounded into the delectable arse moving under him. As those muscles clenched and vibrated in the throes of ecstasy, his own release was milked and pulled from his body, wave after wave of thick joy filling Harry’s body. Harry returned the kisses with alacrity, worshipping the man above him with tongue and lips.

Eventually Severus’ throbbing stopped and their kisses quietened as the bodies started to uncoil. Severus placed a steady hand under Harry’s neck and pulled the quivering, sweaty body towards him. Hands roamed gently across each other skin, abating heated flesh and smoothing tense muscles. Harry wrapped his legs around Snape’s waist, pulling him into a glowing cocoon of warmth. After a time, even those passionate kisses stopped until they stayed motionless in each other’s arms. Snape’s thumb moved up and down the curved velvet of Harry’s neck as Harry stroked the sparsely furred chest in front of him.

“Harry.” Snape said softly.

“Severus,” Harry replied equally as quiet, looking into the shadowy eyes.

Severus’ eyes grew large and hazy as his lips twisted in a slight grin. Harry laughed out loud with pleasure; for those who knew how to read Snape, that was a magnificent compliment indeed.