The Curse
by  jastes22

The Curse - Part 1: The Skirt

I think Im cursed.

At least, thats what my Nana says. Trouble always finds us, she would say, her shaky index finger pointed upwards and her eyes covered in cataracts. Mark my words. Trouble will find you, Louise, she said, poking me in my chest. Best be prepared for it.

I would laugh, roll my eyes at my Nanas attempts to be serious, and move on with my day. I love the old woman, but she would say some wacky things, especially at the end when she couldnt always think straight. Best to just humor her.

After she passed away, her words would pop in my head on occasion. Trouble will always find you. Just random advice from a sweet old lady.

I should have listened.

Not that I could really prepare for what was about to happen. Im not sure anyone could.

It all started when Mark Loparli invited me to his pool party.

Actually, now that I think about it, it started earlier., on the city bus. Thats when everything started to fall apart.

Literally.

I woke up that morning with the jitters. The swim team was only a week away from State, and we were working our tails off to be ready.

I changed quickly, wanting to get on the early bus. Some of us girls were getting together for an early practice, and I didnt want to miss my bus and have to wake one of my parents to drive me. Wouldnt that be embarrassing?

I pulled on my school uniform. White button-up shirt, gold tie, black blazer with matching skirt. So boring. The only real choice I had was my color of underwear, a cute pink set that fit me perfectly with a C-cup bra and cute panties

The bus was just passing as I came outside.

Wait! Wait! I ran towards the bus, waving my arms. Blessedly, it slowed down and I crawled on.

I nodded to the bus driver in thanks, still breathing hard. He shrugged, closed the door, and started to drive again.

I made my way to the back of the bus. This early in the morning, there was only one other person on the bus, a young man who looked a few years older than me, about college-aged. Probably heading to some sort of study group, I thought.

I glanced at the chairs of the bus. Deciding not to take any chances, I stepped in front of the boy and wrapped my hand around one of the straps.

As the bus made its way along its route, my mind started to wander, thinking about the upcoming meet, practicing my strokes and doing the breathing exercises my trainer had given me.

My mind occupied, I didnt quite register the bus drivers grunt until he slammed on the brakes. My fingers, securely wrapped in the strap just a moment ago, were suddenly free and I was suddenly falling to the floor. I heard a horrifying riiiiippp as my skirt caught on something and the side of it tore from the top several inches. I yelped as I felt the cool air of the bus run up my exposed hip and leg.

What was that? The bus driver had just slammed on his brakes for no reason. And I shouldnt have flown forward that much. It felt like someone had pushed me, or something.

I pushed myself up, gripping the torn edges of my skirt. The boy was looking at me, his eyes wide at the sight of my wardrobe malfunction. I looked at him with suspicion. Did he push me? No, he seemed too surprised for that. Still, it didnt make any sense

I blushed as I realized that, even with my fingers holding the fabric together, there was still a good amount of my panties showing. I swallowed and tried to turn in a way that I wasnt showing so much skin, but I realized that any motion was just making the tear grow larger.

With the tear nearly halfway down my skirt now, I froze, deciding the embarrassment of my panties completely in view was better than having my entire skirt fall apart.

Both hands occupied with keeping my clothes together, I wasnt able to hold onto the bus straps, instead having to balance myself whenever the bus jerked or rumbled.As the skirt continued to tear slowly, I felt my heartbeat quicken and my breathing grow ragged. The thought of being totally exposed was terrifying. I would die from embarrassment.

The bus stopped, and I groaned inwardly as someone got on. A woman, older than the two of us and wearing a smart business suit. I blushed as she looked me up and down, her eyes falling on my panties for a long, awful moment. She shook her head and took her seat while my face just turned even more red. I just wanted to disappear.

Finally, the bus arrived at my stop. I hurried off, wincing at the feeling of my skirt ripping even further. I had a spare set of clothes in my pool locker. If I could just

Riiiiippp.

Oh, frick.

My skirt came completely apart. I grabbed the two edges for dear life and pulled them as tight as I could, though it hardly felt like enough. I whimpered as I scurried past the commons and into one of the side halls towards the pool. Thankfully, it was early enough I didnt see anyone. I was almost

Hey, Louise!

I squeaked, nearly losing my grip on my skirt as I turned around sharply.

Of all people,Mark Laparli was standing in front of me. I blushed even deeper. My secret crush was standing right in front of me with my skirt nearly falling off! Cameron! Hey! I said, way too loudly.

He paused, a little surprised at my outburst. Ummhow are you?

Me? Oh, yeah, Im fine. Just fine, I said, swallowing hard as I felt my fingers start to slip. Blessedly, I was at an angle where Cameron couldnt see anything, but that was about to change any second now. I couldnt just leave Mark, but any longer and I was going to lose my bottoms.

He chuckled a little bit, seeing me so flustered. Probably thought I was nervous, or something. Which wasnt technically wrong.

So, Im having a pool party this weekend. Im inviting everyone from both swim teams. Do you think you can make it?

What? Oh, ummsure.

His face split into a grin. Great!

Seeing how excited he was, my heart fluttered, and for a moment I completely forgot my predicament.

Sounds great, IOW! There was a sudden sharp pain in my side, as if someone was jabbing me in the side. I yelped and threw my arms to my side.


To Marks credit, he kept it mostly together , but his eyes did widen when he realized that he could see all of my pink panties. Ohummm
I yelped and snatched my skirt off the ground and standing straight up. Sounds good! Text me the details!

I ran off to the locker room, my face flushed like red Kool-aid.

My hands trembled as I flung my locker open and practically threw my swimsuit on the floor and rushed to put it on.

My side still hurt. What was that? It felt like someone had rammed their thumbnail into my side, knowing exactly how to get me to raise my hands and drop my skirt. I replayed everything from the last half-hour in my head, nearly whimpering at each moment and the feeling of everyone staring at me. I was sooo embarrassed.

Trouble will find you, Louise,

But that was only the beginning.


The Curse - Part 2: The School Nurse

I avoided Mark as much as I could over the next few days. Just the thought that he had seen me in my underwear made me blush.

Of course, avoiding him was pretty difficult considering we had several classes together.

Does anyone know the answer to the question? The teacher asked, putting her hands behind her on her desk. Beside her hand, I could see something metallic and sharp. Scissors?

I raised my hand.

Louise?

Well, if X is 6 and Y is 8, then

Mark turned around to look at me. I blushed, and my brain came screeching to a halt. Wellumm I shook my head. Sorry. I just lost it.

The teacher frowned, but then shrugged. Thats okay. Anyone else?

The teacher was young and inexperienced, but today she seemed different. More confident. I couldnt quite put my finger on it.

As the class continued, my mind wandered to the events of the past couple days. The more I thought about it, the more I was convinced that I was just having accidents. Someoneor somethingwas deliberately embarrassing me, but I had no idea who or what. It didnt matter, though. I just had to be careful.

Anyone want to solve this problem on the board?

I raised my hand, determined to redeem myself from earlier. Mark would be watching, yes, but I just needed to get over it.

Yes, Louise. Do you want to try?

I pulled myself up from my chair. I felt something waft through the air, like a foul-smelling mold. Suddenly, I felt a little dizzy. What? I wasn't feeling sick at all, and my balance was normally very good.

I gritted my teeth and forced my feet to move.

My foot caught on the ground, and I yelped as I fell to the ground. My hands reached out to cushion the fall or catch the edge of the desk, and I felt my fingers graze the pair of scissors

Riiiippp.

Oh, no.

Louise! The teacher exclaimed. Youre bleeding!

I looked down, feeling a little woozy. My white shirt was completely in shreds, and there was a thin line down my side where the scissors had cut, and blood was oozing out and staining my shirt. There was no way the scissors should have done that much damage to my clothes, but somehow it did.

So much for being careful.

The teacher helped me up. Mark? Can you bring Louise to the school nurse? Shes looking a little pale.

I tried to open my mouth to protest. Anyone but Mark. But it was only then did I realize that the entire front of my shirt had been ripped open, meaning everyone could see my bra underneath. Still groggy, I tried to raise up my hands to cover myself. Not again. How did this keep happening?

Mark wrapped an arm around my shoulders and guided me out of the room.

As he led me towards the nurses room, I became more and more aware how exposed I was. The scissors had not only cut my skin, but somehow had changed direction mid-cut and went directly down the middle of my shirt, leaving my blazer untouched but snipping off all the buttons and leaving my bra just slightly nicked, though still intact.

The nurse looked up from her desk as we walked in. I scrunched my nose. Something felt off, but I wasnt sure what. It wasnt quite the stench that through off my balance. Something morediscreet. It was like when the milk had just started to spoil, but not enough for you to notice until you started eating.

What happened? The nurse asked, her voice monotone. I frowned. I didnt see the nurse often, but when I did, she was normally much nicer and had more genuine concern.

When I didnt respond, Mark spoke up. She fell and some scissors cut her.

Ill need to check for other cuts. Go ahead and take off your shirt and your bra, the nurse said, almost robotically.

What?

I glanced at Mark, who looked just as confused as I was.

The nurse shrugged, unconcerned.

I need to make sure youre not hurt anywhere else. Go on, take it off.

Mark swallowed hard. After a pause, he moved towards the door. Maybe I should go

No, you should stay in case Louise needs help getting back to class, the nurse said.

Oh, ummokay.

I blushed a deep red. Mark seeing me in my panties was bad enough, but seeing me topless? That was almost too much.

I turned so my back was to Mark. I took off my blazer and set it on the chair next to me. My white shirt, ripped as it was, came next, looking more like rags than an actual shirt. I took a deep breath, and then reached behind me. My fingers fumbled with the strap, but eventually I unclipped my slightly-damaged bra. It hung there for a long moment. I just couldnt bring myself to really take it off. Not here in front of Mark.

Go on, The nurse said.

I felt like I was swallowing a rock. I grabbed the edges of my bra and pulled. It fell to the ground in a clump. Seeing it in front of me only served to drive home that I wasnt wearing anything from the waist up. Oh, crap, what was I doing?

I reached up and crossed my arms in front of my chest, grabbing my tits with my hands. Even though I was facing away from Mark, I knew he could see a partial of my side-boob and the entirety of my back. I felt like my butt was sticking out, even covered by my skirt.

The nurse worked around me, cleaning where the scissors nicked with me alcohol swab and wrapping a long, sticky bandage to it. The way it was positioned, though, meant that the school nurse couldnt quite reach everything with my arms in the way. I prayed that the nurse would just work around them and finish everything.

No such luck. Whatever spell that had taken over the nurse was still very much in control.
Hands down, the nurse said. I need to reach everything.

I lowered my hand despite the growing panic in my breathing. My nipples ached in the cold air of the room, and I felt them harden. Oh, crap, was I getting turned on by this? This wasnt like me at all.

Turn, the nurse said.

What? Turn? With Mark right there?

Cant you

No, I cant. Stop being difficult. Turn. Now.

I whimpered quietly. Fingers clenched at my side, I turned, making eye contact with Mark. He tried to keep my gaze, but his eyes definitely flittered to my tits, and it took everything for me to not squeal and throw my arms around myself.

Mark himself looked paleI imagined most of his blood had rushed south, but not so much as to not appreciate the opportunity of having a cute girl completely topless in front of him. For just a moment, he allowed himself to drop the guise of being polite and just ran his eyes completely up and down my chest. Hands by my side, my fingers clenched and unclenched, and my throat was as dry as a desert.

The nurse finished the bandage, standing up. Okay, youre good to go. 

Relieved that it was finally over, I quickly turned away from Mark and looked at the nurse expectantly.

She gave me a look like I was being stupid. Go on, she said.

I need my clothes, I said.

Theres blood on them and theyre ruined. You cant go out wearing that. Youll be fine.

I gawked at her. I can't go outside like this! I still had yet to replace my spare uniform from just a few days ago. I had nothing else to wear.

The nurse practically rolled her eyes. Just put on your blazer she threw the jacket on. I shuddered at the foreign sensation of the heavy fabric hanging on my bare skin. ...and button it up.

She couldnt be serious. My tits were covered, yes, but it was very obvious that I wasnt wearing anything underneath. While some of the girls despised the strict dress code, I didnt mind it as much. But now everyone would be staring. No more wondering what kind of goods Louise was hiding.

Walking down the hallway was pure torture. The blazer felt terribly awkward on my stomach, and the rubbing of the fabric against my tits felt wrong. I kept looking down my chest, convinced that my breasts were completely sticking out, but the blazer was at least tight enough not to move around much when I walked. I knew that the entirety of my cleavage was on display, my chest completely exposed.

Mark walked beside me, obviously trying not to peer into the sides of my blazer and failing. My only comfort was that he looked as red as I felt.

The teacher looked up as I walked in. She gasped at my appearance, but said nothing. My eyes scanned the room as the other students began to perk up at the sight of me. I quickly took my seat and pulled my blazer as tight as I could around me.

Losing my skirt in front of Mark was one, but standing there, essentially topless save for a blazer that barely covered it, in front of my entire class? This was a living nightmare. Never had I ever been the kind of girl who got off on streaking or being exhibitionistic. But here I was, basically flashing anyone who cared to look.

UmmLouise?

I squeaked. W-what?

No blazers on in the classroom, please. School policy.

I paled. Her too? I realized that the same off-smell thing from the nurses room was in here, too. In fact, it was all over the hallway, too, now that I thought about it. What was going on? It was like all the adults werepossessed, or something. Determined to embarrass me. Could this get any worse? I could sense the whole class holding their breath, knowing what the teachers words meant.

I slipped out of my seat and pulled off my blazer, doing my best to use it as a covering before depositing it on the back of my seat. I folded my arms across my chest and did my best to cover my breasts. Thankfully, I was sitting closer to the front, so not many people had a great angle, but the fact that I knew students were staring at my bare back made things even worse.

Losing my skirt in front of Mark was one thing, but to be completely and utterly topless in front my entire class was another thing entirely.

Finally, the bell rang, and I threw my blazer back on and rushed to the hallway. I hurried past everyone in the hallway, trying my best to ignore their stares and whispering. I realized suddenly that it was only 2nd period, and I knew every teacher was going to enforce the no-blazers in class rule. It meant that I had five more periods of sitting in my chair without my blazer. Not only that, but I had to navigate crowded hallways of students in between. By the end of the day, everyone would know that Louise Marigold went an entire school day nearly topless.

By the time the final school bell rang, I was certain my face was permanently flushed red. There was no way all of this had happened by accident.

Something was out to get me, and I had a feeling it wasnt remotely close to being done.



