PART II

day 07

A day later, and Wilson was still a woman.

Two days after that, he was a woman still.

“Not that I’m complaining,” House said, “but it’s been five days. Couldn’t you hurry it up?”

“Right-o, thanks for reminding me. I’ll get right on it.” Wilson replied.

Wilson didn’t have the courage to go back to the hotel in this state and House was glad to keep a free sex partner around, so Wilson had stayed with him. Wilson did not, however, feel all that welcome, given that seventy-two hours after his transformation, House had forbidden him from sleeping in his bed. Wilson could go back to being a male at any moment and House said he wasn’t one to take so big a ‘risk’ as to leave him naked in his bed overnight.

“If nothing else, you are doing science a great service.”

Without missing a beat and without meaning it, Wilson said, “You’re sick.”

“And you’d be doing an even greater service if--”

“I already said no to the photos, House.”

Every day or so, House insisted on doing all the tests they could using the technology available in the apartment. Wilson had been giving up blood, urine, hair and skin follicles, and other assorted samples so that House could tote them off to the hospital and analyze them to his heart’s content. After the first set of results, which affirmed that he was very average for a woman, Wilson hadn’t cared to find out more.

But House wanted to know, and it was such an easy way of making him happy that Wilson gave in. This was all done, of course, with the understanding that House would never reveal the information to anyone ever.

“But without any photos there’ll be no eviden--”

“Precisely.”

“Cuddy’s still asking for you, by the way, and it’s really annoying. Be a man and answer your cell phone! If she asks why you’re all squeaky, tell her that you got kicked in the nads.”

“You be a man,” Wilson said, all mature. “This shouldn’t last more than a couple of days and then she’ll get on your case for something else. The list is never-ending, after all.”

House poked his tongue out at him and Wilson grinned back.

House left with the samples. Wilson rubbed at his arm-- one other perk to being a male again would be not having to stick a needle up his arm every day, though House would want an ‘after’ blood sample as well.

Wilson would also be able to go back to work. Lazing around was fine for the first two hours or so but having nothing to do was setting him on edge.

To pass the time, Wilson flipped through all the printouts they had on the virus. He’d already been through them some thousand times, even going so far as to use a dictionary to puzzle out a word here and there, but he couldn’t resist looking again.

He’d discussed with House the evolutionary benefits to such a virus. Species with a built-in ability to change sex did so for reproductive reasons, though Wilson thought it odd that a species could suffer such a decline in the numbers of only one sex that the other one would have to take on its role--

Wilson dropped all the pages.

What if he had failed to change back not because he was a slow-poke, as House kept calling him, but because--

It was crazy. They’d used condoms, every single time.

But those were known to fail.

It was crazy. Impossible.

But what if he were?

Wilson bolted to the telephone stand, ripping open the drawers one after the other. Damn it, why couldn’t House keep his yellow pages near his phone, like any other sane person?

He couldn’t have a kid. Wilson was childless to this day for a reason, and that was because he’d always known, deep inside, that he wasn’t suited to the task, even when he’d deluded himself otherwise.

A kid in his hands would be an unhappy one.

The yellow pages weren’t on the living room bookshelves either.

The first two times he got married, he’d intended to have kids. He wanted to be one of those guys in the 1950s car commercials, with the slicked-back hair, pipes, and smiles as if they were masters of the universe. Wilson wanted that and the wives and the kids seemed to be an essential part of the deal.

But the timing had never been right. He had to finish his residency, complete his fellowship, and get in as an attending at his dream hospital. And the next thing he knew, he was having an affair. He told Kristin. Their marriage fell into shambles and with that all ideas of procreating went out the window.

Wilson scoured all the titles on the shelves in the other rooms but still no phone book. The kitchen and bedroom drawers were equally lacking.

He was shaking, but he didn’t care-- he had to find them.

The same thing happened with his second wife, Bonnie. Bonnie loved kids and wanted three of her own. Wilson meant to give them to her. But every time they sat down to have That Talk, he had to explain that he was still not at a point in his career in which he could expand his family. Then House had the infarction and all his personal plans were postponed.

By the time he met Julie, he’d realized that the time would never be right. He was too ambitious and he had House to look after, which was in and of itself like taking care of a child. If he did have a kid, he would never be so much as a father as he would be a photograph on the mantle-- someone his wife would tell stories about, as mythical as a fairytale. Julie, who had her own career, also wanted to remain childless.

He’d made this decision already. No kids.

He found the yellow pages, at last, hiding behind a couch. It was spliced open and pressed up against the wall. It was a ridiculous place for it to be, and god, the man that put it there was the father of the child he wasn’t pregnant with.

Armed with the book, he went to the telephone.

“Irvington Clinic, how may I help you?”

His mouth went dry. “I was wondering, do you have an opening to administer a medical abortion?”

-----
Wilson drove with House’s car; his own was still at the hotel. It wasn’t right, but then again, Wilson didn’t care either that his license looked false either. A woman with a man’s ID! He was in a stolen car with a seemingly stolen license and it didn’t matter. He had to do this and he had to do it now.

Because while he himself might have already made his decision, if House knew that Wilson might be pregnant-- well, if he himself wasn’t suited to being a father, imagine House!

House might want the kid, just for the wanting and not the actual having. Wilson wasn’t going to be pregnant for another nine months and have a child in order to satisfy one of House’s whims and then have to do all the raising himself.

Wilson’s hands were hurting. Perhaps, he realized, because he was gripping the wheel as hard as possible. He forced himself to take a few deep breaths and loosen his grip. He had to stay composed and not draw attention to himself.

It’d be better if House never knew. Otherwise, Wilson would forever be the one who deprived him of fatherhood and it wasn’t as if they didn’t already have enough issues. If House never found out, no harm, no foul. And if he wasn’t pregnant, getting the mifepristone and misoprostol would make no difference.

-----
Taptaptaptaptaptaptap--

A middle-aged woman across the room frowned at him. Wilson tamed his foot, but he could still feel the jitteriness within, his heart pumping out extra blood. If only he could get this over with! Then he wouldn’t have to think about it anymore.

“Mrs. Wilson?” He startled at the sound of his name. “I hope we haven’t kept you waiting too long.” For over two hours, he did not say, and he stretched his mouth in what was more a grimace than a smile. “Dr. Stephenson is ready to see you now.”

Wilson wondered if this secretary knew of his request or if she could see it written all over his face. Not that he should be worrying about other people’s opinions at a time like this.

Dr. Stephenson turned out to be a sharp, organized woman. “Now, Mrs. Wilson, you’ll have to answer some questions before we get started. I understand that you’d like a medical abortion, but you might like to know about our other options--”

“No,” Wilson asserted and then cringed at his rudeness. “It’s alright, I’m already familiar with the different procedures.”

“And how many weeks pregnant are you, Mrs. Wilson?”

“Two or three… days,” he admitted.

She was surprised. “And you already know?”

“Not-- so much. But I have strong reason to suspect it.”

She frowned. “Mrs. Wilson,” and he wished she’d stop calling him that, it kept making him think that one of his wives was there and that they were referring to them. And why did everyone keep assuming he was married? “We prefer to be sure--”

“If you need to run a blood test, I’ll wait.” He’d come here because it was a private clinic. If the client could pay up, which Wilson could-- he’d have to do it without insurance, since he didn’t think he could justify a male getting an abortion-- they’d be more than willing to go along with his needs.

“You should also know that if it the medication doesn’t take, you’ll have to return for a surgical abortion.” Wilson nodded. “You’ll also have to meet with our therapist--”

“No,” he said, emphatic. He knew that this was a routine procedure and that he’d have his own patients do the same. But he didn’t want to doubt himself. If he let the questions start, he’d never stop second-guessing himself.

“Are you sure that you don’t want more time to reconsider? A few days isn’t enough--”

“If I didn’t want it before, why would I want it now?” He snapped.

Her expression froze into something cold and impersonal “Someone will be in to take your blood.”

Wilson waited for the results, going back and forth between the clinic waiting room and a nearby café. He tried to distract himself with magazines, but he couldn’t look at photos of women without comparing himself to them. He couldn’t look at the men either because they reminded him of what he wasn’t. As for the photos of children, those made him close the magazine altogether.

When he’d managed to space out enough in the waiting room to forget how bad his back hurt from the plastic seats, a nurse came up to him. “Mrs. Wilson--”

His phone rang-- it was House. “Just a second,” he apologized.

“Wilson.” He knew that tone. It was clinical, impersonal. It was the voice he used on patients to deliver bad news.

Fearing the worst: “Yeah?”

“You’re pregnant.” He then hung up; typical Housian bed-manner, that.

“Jesus,” Wilson curled over his legs. “Okay. Okay.”

“Mrs. Wilson?” The nurse asked. “We have your results--”

“Yeah. I know.” Why did it now seem all the more, and terrifyingly so, real? Perhaps because now it wasn’t a secret any longer; Wilson would now have to take House’s opinions into account. While Wilson might not end up agreeing with House, he had to at least hear him out.

He faked a smile. “My ‘husband’ told me. We’ll have to put a rain check on that abortion.”
-----
The drive back was awful. Five o’clock and it was already dark, thanks to the damned New Jersey winter. Wilson couldn’t concentrate on the road and kept swerving. People angered by his erratic movements kept honking and one driver, upon seeing who was at the wheel, yelled, “Learn to drive, bitch!”

He’d never been called a bitch before.

Damn House! If he hadn’t found out, Wilson would be one pill closer to being normal again. He might have even transformed back by now. But, no, now that House knew, they had to talk about it.

Worse, he was going to have to think about it.

Wilson might even start feeling guilty-- crazy, it wasn’t even alive, seeing how it couldn’t survive on its own. It was nothing more than a bunch of cells dividing over and over and over again. It was like a cancer. And he wasn’t going to let himself feel guilty over killing a tumor.

Wilson almost missed the highway exit into Princeton-Plainsboro and had to make a sharp turn in order to get in. At this rate, he’d end up dead. At least then he wouldn’t have to worry about the fetus anymore.

What if all this thinking and talking convinced him to keep it? Wilson might let his loneliness get the better of him and opt in favor of the baby. Talk about overkill. If you’re lonely, get a pet. Or a girlfriend. Don’t have a baby.

He had to stop thinking like this. It wasn’t going to happen. If House were to want the kid, Wilson would have to say no. And mean it.

The lights in House’s apartment, to Wilson’s surprise, were off. He should have been back from work by now. A quick check inside confirmed that House wasn’t around. Wilson called him. “Where are you?”

“Uhhhh, yeah,” House answered. “Can’t go home, there’s this guy here and he’s bad. Very bad. No arms, no legs, and he’s very definitely going to die in the next five minutes if I don’t--”

“Bullshit,” Wilson said. There was silence on the other end. “Look, just get back here.”

He half-expected House not to come back at all, but ten minutes later he heard his motorcycle driving up to the curb. Wilson resisted the urge to run to the door-- that was a little too wifely for his taste. The whole pregnancy thing was enough, really.

House banged the door open and threw his helmet and leather jacket onto the nearest chair with an edginess Wilson recognized all too well. His heart sank. But what else could he expect? Of course House would have been hitting the Vicodin.

“I’m dying for a drink,” House said, zooming, in his thumping way, towards the liquor cabinet. “Something crystal clear and yet not composed of H2O. Dying, I tell you! What about you, what are you--”

“I can’t drink!” Wilson exclaimed, exasperated.

House stopped in the middle of opening a bottle of vodka. “Oh. Okay. A cup! I need a cup!” He hobbled off towards the kitchen.

Wilson pinched the bridge of his nose and followed him. “I’m not-- it just doesn’t seem right.”

“I--” House interrupted him, only to pause and take a shot, “do not want to know. Wow.” He held up his glass and admired it. “That’s strong.”

Wilson felt very, very cold.

“Leave me out of it.” House poured himself another shot. “Whatever you do, I don’t want to know.”

“I went out today to get mifepristone and misoprostol.” Wilson enunciated, wanting to make sure that House caught all the implications. He watched as House winced, grabbing the back of his head as if it hurt.

But House blinked away the grimace. “Good. I’ll pick out a ‘congratulations on killing your spawn’ card. Think CVS will have it or will I have to order it online?”

This wasn’t at all what Wilson had been expecting. “You don’t care,” he said, hoping for a sign that he was wrong. He knew that House thought first for himself, but he didn’t believe that he’d be this self-centered.

House took one last shot and closed off the bottle. “It’s not so much that I don’t care, it’s that what I think doesn’t matter, does it? I’m not having anything to do with it either way.” He went away again, this time in direction of his bedroom.

Wilson took a few deep breaths before going after him. House had made himself comfortable in his bed, lights off. Wilson turned them back on and asked, “Do you want the kid or not?”

House squeezed his eyes shut. “Jesus Christ, Wilson, can’t you fucking let it go? I can’t deal with this. You do what you want. Kill it. Have it and raise it to be a Hare Krishna. Just fucking leave me out of it.”

“You’re going to turn away from this?”

House sat up. “Look, I did the responsible thing-- I used condoms! Lots of condoms! What more do you want?”

“To not dump this all on me! This shouldn’t be happening to me either! Hell, I didn’t ask to become a woman in the first place! But I’m facing facts, at least.”

They glared at each other for a few seconds, Wilson with his hands on his hips and House with his arms crossed. But then House seemed to lose his energy and he sank back onto the mattress. “You know,” he said with some melancholy, looking at the ceiling, “Stacy and I never meant to have kids. We were going to have a strict no-kid zone. We would have sucked as parents and who deserves that? Some people were never meant to procreate.”

“I’m scared too,” Wilson admitted. “Of how I’d be as-- as a dad.”

“Wilson.” House covered his eyes, his face. “How many times do I have to say this? Leave me out of this one. Get your scissors and cut me out of the picture.”

Wilson ran his hand over his face, trying to collect himself. If he was ever going to get through to House, it wouldn’t be tonight. “I get it. Look, I’m-- I’m going. If you change your mind--”

“Stop pushing this,” House said, and Wilson couldn’t tell if the vodka had thickened voice or if he was begging.

“If you change your mind,” Wilson repeated, “I’ll be at the Serena hotel. You can find me under my last name.” House showed no reaction, pretending to be asleep. “We can talk later, if you want.”

“Oh, god,” House moaned, burying his head under his pillow.

-----
On his way out, Wilson wrote down the hotel name on a piece of paper and left it next to the phone. House might want to wallow in self-pity for now, but maybe he’d be able to deal with reality later. At least, Wilson hoped so.

While he waited outside for the taxi he’d called, huddling in the cold and rubbing his arms to maintain at least the semblance of warmth, Wilson weighed his options. It was too late to go back to the clinic. And Wilson wasn’t even sure he should follow his original plan. Should he go ahead and get the abortion, or should he wait at least a day or two and give House some time to get over his bout of denial?

His nose had lost all sensation and his toes and fingers were heading towards the same fate when the taxi arrived. “Cold night,” Wilson said. Certain habits, like small talk, stayed with him even under stress. Or maybe he was craving company.

The taxi driver grunted. His friendliness matched the day, Wilson supposed. He settled back into the hard leather seat, staring out at the small-town lights. Most of the time he found Princeton-Plainsboro quaint and cozy, but some nights it seemed downright gloomy.

Why should he wait? House was right, this was up to him. Wilson had already decided that even if House wanted the kid, he wasn’t going to go through the pregnancy just for him.

Now that Wilson thought about it, he didn’t know why he had expected House to want the kid. He’d probably prefer a second infarction-- House would consider being a father just as crippling. All play and no work, that was House, and kids were more work than play.

Had Wilson wanted House to want a kid?

The car stopped suddenly and, to keep from crashing into the seat in front of him, Wilson had to throw his hands out forward. “That’s $16.47,” the driver informed him. “Hope you got change.”

Numb, and not so much because of the cold, Wilson paid him.

He’d at least wanted to talk to House about it-- the possibility. Then he wouldn’t be so alone in this. He was terrified at the thought of being pregnant, but he wouldn’t have been terrified alone, if House hadn’t decided to retract into his shell.

You don’t want this kid, Wilson insisted to himself. First thing tomorrow, he would go back to Irvington Clinic and put an end to this.

day 08

The following morning, there were two messages on his cell phone. Both were from Cuddy.

So House hadn’t tried to contact him. It was still early. Wilson didn’t, after all, have to go running out the door. He could wait a bit longer. Better safe than sorry. No need to be rash or anything.

He blew a small fortune on a breakfast set from room service that he left half-eaten. It was too soon, he knew, to be nauseated, but his body begged to differ. He tried to force himself to finish off the eggs, but it was as if his stomach felt more repulsed by the reminder that he shouldn’t feel pregnant.

Wilson further delayed his departure by bathing, but that didn’t last long. None of his showers since his transformation had. After having had so much sex, he ought to have gotten used to his changed body, but it was different, somehow, when he was with House. When alone, he was embarrassed. With House, he’d been appreciated. Wilson found it hard to hate his body when it was being admired.

Now he was alone and further away from House than ever, and that made it worse. Because he wasn’t dealing with some alien body anymore; these parts of his had memories. Applying soap to his pits made him think of how House, crazy as he was, had insisted on smelling them. His tense shoulder blades appreciated the water pressure of this shower-head more than the one in House’s apartment.

Wilson stayed long enough to wash his hair and run soap over himself.

After that, he made himself go out. If House was going to shut him out, that was his choice. Wilson couldn’t keep chasing after him. It was simple: he had to get this over with as soon as possible.

The bus interfered with that plan by being late. Wilson could tell already that Murphy’s Law would be in full effect today.

A son and her mother sat in front of Wilson on the bus. Of course. He moved a few seats up so as to not have to look at them. He could not, however, ignore them altogether. The son was too loud for that.

“And so then he pulled out the gun, you should have seen it, it was like a laser only faster, and he shot twenty bad guys in one go and it was so good--”

The kid was pretty obnoxious, in an innocent kind of way. Wilson made a point of listening as a reminder of why he wanted the abortion. Children were all very nice in theory but in practice, they were hardly all sugar and spice. That still didn’t shake off his unease, though.

Three stops away from the clinic, the mother and the son got off. Wilson looked away but the glimpse he got revealed that they’d been holding hands. He couldn’t even remember the last time he’d held someone’s hand.

He shifted in his seat. The clinic hadn’t seemed so far away, yesterday. Almost two stops away. He had to get this over with, he reminded himself. Just do it.

Two stops away and he found himself off the bus.

The moment Wilson stepped off, a cold wind blew and he had never felt so dumb. Why was he hesitating? He knew what he wanted. This should be easy.

He waited for the next bus and forced himself to get on it. Wilson was about to pay the fare to the driver but then he stopped again. “Are you paying or aren’t you?” The driver asked, annoyed.

“S, sorry,” Wilson stammered. “Wrong bus!” He clambered off.

God, what was he thinking? Better yet, what was he doing? This was a no-brainer and yet he couldn’t pull it off.

He couldn’t even board the next bus.

Instead, Wilson stepped into a café to get out of the cold and gather his thoughts. He watched busses and families pass by and, as his coffee lost its warmth, Wilson realized that he hadn’t been so set on his decision after all.