Frank got up at the same time he did every Wednesday morning. Seeing as he had the day off of work, he had driven to his mom's house the night before. Usually when he had the day off, he just hung around his or his mom's place and slept in. But not this time; this time he had to take his car in to get fixed. God knew that was going to make for a long, boring morning. They had told him that it would probably take a couple of hours. Fucking oil pan.

As he went about his morning routine, Frank thought about the previous night. Going to that chat room had been one of the best damn ideas he'd ever had. And he really couldn't fucking wait until Friday, when they could do it all over again. Or hopefully, you know, it would be even better the second time around.

Frank grabbed his keys and a book of crossword puzzles, heading out the door and driving to the mechanic's place. He got there and handed his car over, plopping down on one of the uncomfortable chairs in their waiting room and starting a crossword. He had been there about an hour when someone else walked in.

Frank looked up and came face-to-face with the man from the chat room. Yeah, they hadn't been planning on showing each other their faces, but Frank had inadvertently gotten a good look at him when he was looking in his drawer for lube. He had thought about saying something, but really, it wasn't like it could be undone or anything. And honestly, what were the odds that he would actually see the guy in real life when they lived an hour away from each other. Apparently better than he thought, which was especially weird since he was only in town to see his mother for a little over a day. He had to head back to Trenton the next day for work.

It looked like the other man was in for a bit of a wait this morning as well, since he sat down and pulled out a book. Frank surreptitiously looked at him; he looked even better in person. Apparently Frank wasn't being stealthy enough in checking him out, though.

"What?"

"Good book. Haven't read 1984 in years."

The other man blushed. "Oh."

Ah, a shy one. Not that that really surprised Frank, and it was alright; he was perfectly fine with taking the lead.

"So, what's your name?"

The other man stared at him for a moment. "Gerard."

"Hi, Gerard. I'm Frank." Frank stuck his hand out, and Gerard shook it gingerly. When he went to pull away, though, Frank didn't let go. "So, how is it possible that I've never met your beautiful self before?"

Gerard's mouth opened and closed a couple of times before he snapped it shut. Frank continued talking.

"How about going out with me sometime?"

"When?" Gerard managed to croak out.

"Is Friday alright? Maybe get some dinner, play a little miniature golf?"

Frank finally let go of Gerard's hand to mime playing golf. Gerard smiled a small smile, and Frank grinned.

"So? Friday night? You can pick me up?"

Gerard nodded, looking a little dazed

"Great!" Frank saw a Sharpie lying on the counter and picked it up, writing his address and phone number on Gerard's arm.

As soon as he had set the marker down, the mechanic came back with his keys and he had to fill out paperwork. As he was leaving, he grabbed Gerard's arm.

"See you Friday. Seven o'clock." Frank really wanted to turn around to see if Gerard was watching him, but decided that it was far cooler not to.

**********

Frank headed back to his place on Wednesday afternoon, telling his mom that he would be back on Friday. She had seemed surprised that he was going to be back so soon, but he told her that he was hanging out with a friend. She had looked at him speculatively but accepted his answer anyway. Frank was sure that she somehow knew he had a date.

So Frank suffered through two days of work and ended up managing to get out of work an hour early on Friday. He pretty much broke his driving time record, making it from his place to his mom's in 45 minutes.

That gave him a couple of hours to get ready, and he used pretty much all of it. He was going for that look that was so casual that it took a shitload of time to achieve. By the time he finished, it was almost seven. Frank sat in his room for a few minutes, wanting to avoid getting the third degree from his mom. When he heard the doorbell, though, he practically ran to the door, not wanting to deal with 'date meeting parent' awkwardness.

"Bye, Mom! Don't wait up!" Like she would have anyway.

Gerard had evidently headed back to the car as soon as he rang the doorbell since he was already back in and buckled by the time Frank got out the door. He was fidgeting slightly by the time Frank actually got in the car.

"Uh, so where are we going?" Gerard asked after a bit of silence and mutual staring.

"Well, there's this really good sushi place not far away. And come to think of it, it's right by the mini golf place, too."

Gerard smiled slightly. "Sounds good."

They drove in relative silence, with Frank breaking it only to give directions. It was a little less awkward between them when they actually got there, but Frank was then mildly worried about the woman who owned the place saying something to embarrass him. He and his mother had been going there since he was a kid, so the owner knew plenty of things about him that no one other than his mother should know.

Frank found out that Gerard was actually really into video games, and they talked about everything from World of Warcraft to what they thought Halo 3 would be like. Frank was also able to breathe a sigh of relief when the owner of the restaurant smiled and winked at him but didn't stop to talk. By the time they left to walk over to the mini golf place, Frank was half-certain that he actually wanted Gerard to be his boyfriend. Or something like that.

Neither of them, it turned out, had been mini golfing since they were kids, so it was an amusing and slightly frustrating experience. They were both pretty terrible, and every time one of them would accidentally hit their ball into grass or bushes or water (which was far more often than either would have liked), they would bust up laughing. It was over an hour later that they finally got to the 18th hole.

"I'm gonna make this in one, man. I fucking want that free game."

Frank lined up his shot and took it. Both of them just stood there, staring in awe at the fact that he had actually made it in one stroke.

"Hell yeah!"

Frank jumped around a little bit, ending up hugging Gerard and finally stilling. He pulled away slowly, reluctant to leave arms that had probably embraced him purely out of reflex. Gerard was obviously blushing; Frank could see as much even though it was pretty dark by that time.

Gerard lined up his shot quickly, and he didn't fare nearly as well as Frank had, taking four strokes to finally finish the hole. Frank collected his free pass when they turned in their clubs, grinning triumphantly.

"Guess we'll just have to do this again sometime. You know, to use the free pass."

Gerard ducked his head a little, clearly pleased, and it was quite possibly the most endearing thing Frank had ever seen. He thought he might be a little bit in love already.

"Ooh, ice cream!" he exclaimed, mostly to distract himself from his thoughts.

He grabbed Gerard's hand and pulled him across the street to a Dairy Queen. To Gerard's credit, he only looked mildly surprised by the abrupt change in direction. They both ordered Blizzards and sat at a table outside to eat them.

"Mmm. I adore Dairy Queen." Gerard sounded positively orgasmic.

Frank's mouth went dry. "Me, uh, me too."

They finished in mostly comfortable silence and headed back to Gerard's car. Frank was pretty damn pleased when Gerard snuck his hand toward Frank and linked their fingers together. And God, when they got to Frank's house, Gerard even walked him to the door.

Frank pulled Gerard close and kissed him right away, not wanting to deal with any awkwardness about whether or not there was even going to be a kiss. It was just as good as Frank had imagined it would be, and he couldn't seem to pull away, even when they both clearly needed to breathe.

"You wanna come in?" Frank asked after they eventually parted.

Gerard looked at his watch and winced. "I really wish I could, but I'm late to meet someone."

Frank looked so crestfallen that Gerard hurried to continue. "But maybe you could come to my place tomorrow?"

Frank smiled happily. "Awesome. What's your address?"

Gerard did end up coming in long enough write his address down and steal a couple more kisses. He hurried out afterward, already late to meet Frank in the chat room. Frank had pretty much forgotten all about meeting Gerard in the chat room, but once reminded of it, he went to his room, stripped off his shirt, and logged in. It was another fifteen minutes before Gerard finally signed in.

JediG: Hey, sorry I'm late. I lost track of time.

And now would have been a good time to tell him that hey, they'd just gone on a date together. But well, Frank kind of liked the element of secrecy.

JerseyPunk: No problem. We doing the webcam thing again?
JediG: Yeah. Sign in to MSN?
JerseyPunk: Hey, did you end up getting that mic?
JediG: Yeah.
JerseyPunk: Well, plug it in! I can't wait to hear you.

"Alright, can you hear me?" Gerard asked after fumbling with the microphone for a minute.

"Loud and clear."

"Awesome. Damn, I really wish my speakers didn't suck so badly. Your voice sounds pretty tinny."

"Aw, that sucks. But still, better than nothing, right?"

"Yeah. So, get naked?"

"Uh-huh. You, too."

Since Frank had a head start, it only took a few seconds to strip. Gerard took a lot longer, God bless him, and the slow revealing of flesh had Frank itching to touch himself. He held off though, not wanting to get too much ahead of the game. Gerard settled back down when he was naked, not really sure what to say or do.

"So, this is slightly more awkward than just typing."

Gerard laughed dryly. "Yeah, it really kind is."

"Maybe I'll just…mmm, yeah."

Frank shifted forward in his chair, bringing one leg up to give Gerard the best possible view as he started to jerk off. Gerard's moan was audible, and Frank shuddered.

"Hearing you moan is so fucking hot."

"Watching you is so fucking hot."

Gerard had begun to jerk off, himself. Frank knew he could get off just like this, but he wanted a little more, and he was willing to push the envelope to try to get it.

"You wanna maybe try something interesting again?"

"What did you have in mind?"

"Do you have a dildo?"

Frank could see Gerard's dick twitch at that. Excellent.

"Um…yeah." Gerard must have been very embarrassed or very turned on, because his voice was suddenly quiet.

"Use it for me?"

"Al…alright."

Gerard was gone for a minute, but he came back with a big, black dildo and a tube of lube. Frank could already tell that this was one of those times he was going to be remembering far into the future. And he was probably going to have a thing for big, black dildos for like, ever.

There was more movement on Gerard's end, as he shifted his dresser and put the webcam on top of it, facing the computer. Then he stepped in front of the camera again, and Frank understood the reason for the movement. He had a spectacular view of Gerard's ass, and Gerard could see the computer. Wonderful.

"You'll do something for me?" Gerard asked as he lubed up two fingers.

"Of course."

"You have some chocolate sauce or something?"

Frank grinned. Oh, was he going to be getting messy. He hurried off to the kitchen, glad that his mom always went to bed early. She really didn't need to see him wandering around naked with the chocolate sauce. When he got back, Gerard was already working one finger inside himself. Frank let out a small whimper.

"So, anywhere in particular I should be putting the chocolate?"

"Just, wherever you want."

"You got it."

He opened the chocolate sauce and drizzled some on his chest, running a finger through it as Gerard stuck another finger inside himself. Frank started drawing patterns in the chocolate, licking his fingers when he got tired of that. He carefully squirted a sizable amount onto each of his nipples and moved on to his bellybutton.

Frank looked up again to see Gerard slowly pushing the dildo into himself. He squeezed a little too hard on the chocolate sauce bottle and got it all over his stomach. That, apparently, was the kind of reaction Gerard was looking for, because he let out a loud groan. Frank felt like he couldn't breathe, watching Gerard take the entire dildo in to the base. He couldn't help himself after that; he grabbed his cock and started jerking it roughly. Gerard started thrusting the dildo in and out in time with Frank's strokes.

"Your dick. Put some on your dick."

It took Frank a minute to register what Gerard had said, but when he did, he picked the chocolate sauce up and squirted it all over his cock. He resumed jerking off, pleased with the extra slickness, and smeared his other hand through the chocolate dripping down his torso.

Frank came seconds later when Gerard gave the dildo a particularly hard thrust and let out a long moan. He stared down at the mess on his stomach, swirling the chocolate and his come together. He scooped up a fingerful and moved down so his mouth would be visible on the webcam before sucking his finger in. It tasted really vile, but hearing Gerard's loud, drawn-out 'fuck!' as he came was definitely worth it. Frank waited as Gerard removed the dildo and slowly sank back into his chair before saying anything.

"So, maybe we could meet in the chat room again on Monday? Because, you know, that was maybe the hottest thing I've seen in my entire life."

"Fuck yeah." Gerard sounded exhausted, but somehow still enthusiastic in his agreement.

"Awesome. See you then."

They both signed off, and Frank looked down at the mess he'd made of himself in mild disgust. He really needed a shower.