Talked Into Doing Nudes, And More
by Nakedcraving

Wife finds exhibitionist in her, agrees to nudes, and more.

I had been asking her for years to to model for me to photograph, hoping to get her to eventually pose in the nude. I have been into photography for two years by then, and I am starting to get interested in doing nudes, so even after years of coaxing she has resisted consistently. Last month I asked her again and she was a little less resolute and laughed like she would be embarrassed to sit naked as I took pictures of her. I told her how beautiful she is and how sexy it would be to take some nudes of her, but although she seemed to dismiss the idea she did not actually refuse this time.

I showed her some photos I had taken and she agreed they were quite beautiful and not "in bad taste." She actually said they were not vulgar at all. "I think you'd be gorgeous," I said. "Most women would love to look like you do. They'd just be for us, so think about it. You'd make a terrific model. Just think about it."

It took two weeks for her to bring it up to me and asked if I was still interested in photographing her. I said,"Of course. You would be perfect. I'd love to take some nudes of you. Baby, you are so beautiful, so sexy, so fucking stunning, most people would love to look like you."

She blushed, but I could see she might be weakening. I suggested she might just pose in a bikini. I could see she was no longer totally against it. I saw her looking at my pictures and she seemed to like them, seemed to be able to appreciate them artistically. I decided to just bring out my camera and take some candids of her around the house. After forty shots I suggested, maybe, she could take her top off. She laughed, but didn't refuse, and finally after a bit more coaxing she agreed and shyly slipped it off.

I took twenty shots of her without her bra, then hinted around, saying I'd really like it if she'd consider taking off the bottoms. She blushed, hesitated, mumbled some things about being embarrassed, but eventually she slipped them off as well. I took ten arty shots and then moved for some more glamorous angles, even some sexy closeups of more intimate areas of her naked body.

It was clear she started to enjoy posing, after all it was a big boost to her ego that I would want to take photos of her without any clothes. I ended up taking nearly two hundred shots of her, some of them really sexy and revealing, some even cheesecake shots of her with her legs spread and her pussy lips splayed. I think she began to like doing the sex shots.

That night I asked how she liked it and she said it actually was "fun." "You won't show those to anyone else now will you?" she asked.

Only my closest friends," I said with a grin. "Ken would love to see them," I said referring to our next door neighbor who she seemed to really like. "He likes art you know," I said. "He is a photographer himself." She gave me a stern look and said I better not. "He's in love with you, you know," I said. She was quiet, but I was sure she heard me, and I knew that got her attention. "He takes nudes too," I said. "I've seen some of his stuff. It's really good." She was quiet for a moment or two, then she asked about his photography.

"Is he serious about it?" she asked. I told her he was a professional, and that I knew he would love to have her pose for him. "That won't happen," she said with a laugh.

"He says he pays his models pretty well," I said. "You might make some extra money." Then I knew I had her attention when she asked what he paid the models. "I heard him say once that for the good model it could be around five hundred a session. A couple of the really good ones got close to a thousand a sitting," I said. "Those are the ones who agree to do some sexual shots."

"For just sitting and having their picture taken?" she asked. I nodded and said I was sure Ken would love to have her pose for him. A week later I came home from work and Claire was not there. After about two hours she came in and her face was flush and she had obviously doing something that got her aroused. I asked where she'd been and she seemed to get even redder.

"I was next door at Ken's," she said. I asked if she posed for him and she seemed to get all flustered. She hemmed and hawed around and it was clear that's just what she had done. "Just some portraits," she said, but her face stayed flushed and it was clear he had taken more than just portraits. I wondered if she had posed for him, maybe some nudes.

When I saw him the next day I asked him directly. He nodded, and he said she had surprised him by asking about his photography. "Claire is really a beautiful woman," he said. "I was surprised when she said she let you take some nudes of her. I was even more surprised when she volunteered to pose for me, especially when she asked if I'd like her to pose nude."

I asked him not to let her know he'd told me. "I think she wants to keep it her little secret," I said.

"Well, I told her I would pay her and she didn't hesitate. She seemed interested, and she was naked before I knew it. She is really a natural model. Besides that, she is gorgeous," he said with a big grin.

"She must really like you to pose naked for you," I said. "Want to see the shots I took of her?" He said he would love to, so I got out the lap top and showed him what I had. He was particularly interested in my pussy shots and inspected them for a good long time. "Did you take any like those?" I asked. He shook his head.

"For those I would pay top dollar," he said. "I asked her to come back tomorrow. Do you think she'd go for any like that with me?"

"If she did you'd be fucking her before dark," I said with a grin. He said he only fucked a few of his models. I grinned and told him that this one had a crush on him. "She's got the hots for our neighbor," I said.

"I paid her five hundred dollars," he said. "She could make a lot more with some explicit stuff. I told her I would be interested in more sexy things tomorrow," he added. I nodded and grinned. "You think she might do porn?" he asked. I said I was surprised she even did nudes, so I just wasn't sure.

"Maybe," I said. I told him just a few weeks before she refused to do any. Now she's earning money with the neighbor. That's a big step," I said. "Next she'll be fucking the photographer." He grinned but didn't object.

The next week when she came home an hour after I got home from work, I asked her if she made any money at Ken's. Quickly her face turned red again and after a moment she nodded. "How much?" I asked.. She waited for nearly a minute, then when she couldn't delay any longer she held up ten fingers. "You made a thousand dollars? What did you have to do for a thousand?"

Blushing, she said, 'Everything." After a pause, she told me he had another model there and looking at the floor, she said, almost whispering, "I had sex with him and Ken took pictures." She almost whispered. I asked what she had said and replied, "I fucked him on camera."

"That's what I thought you said," I answered. "Did you enjoy it?" Shyly, she nodded and a shy grin filled her face. "I guess you are now a professional model. A porn star as well." I said with a grin. "So you like fucking in front of the lens?"

"For you and Ken I do, yes," she said shyly.

I told her she had just started, that she could now go on professional photo shoots and make lots of money. She grinned and said that Ken had told her the same thing. "Ken is in love with you, you know," I said.

"He likes me, yes," she said, quietly. "He's our neighbor."

"And he appreciates a good looking woman," I said, "and takes good pictures." She smiled shyly and nodded. I asked if I could see any of what he took of her.

"That's up to him," she said. I reminded her how reluctant she had been just a short time ago to pose even topless. "Well, a person can change their mind, you know," she said adamantly. I said I agreed and that I was happy she did. "Even if I did porn shots?" she asked. I told her I liked porn and I was happy she did something she enjoyed. "I did, yes," she said.

"Would you do porn for me?" I asked, pulling her to me, giving her a long kiss, saying I would go get my camera. She blushed, then said she would be embarrassed to have sex with someone in front of me. I was not surprised, actually knowing her as I do, but I thought she might just weaken about that as she had with the nude posing. "Why would you be embarrassed in front of me?"

"Having sex in front of you," she said shyly, "would just be embarrassing. I wouldn't want you to see me turned on by another man."

"You could have someone's penis inside of you in front of the camera, but would be embarrassed to have me watch you have sex with someone else?" She nodded and began to blush. "Well, I am just happy you are comfortable enough now to pose nude now, and do porn as well, even if it's not in front of me. What are you going to do with the money?" I asked. She shrugged, then held up twelve one hundred dollar bills. "Wow," I said, "you're rich." She waved them at me and said she was going to a photo shoot with Ken the coming weekend.

"I'll make more then," she told me, "because there will be a lot of men there and each will pay me for posing. I can buy anything I want. I might even do some sex shots." I said that sounded like fun and she smiled and agreed. "I may have sex with someone for them," she said admitting something I never had imagined just a short time before. I asked how many photographers would be there and she told me they said ten. "Each one has to pay me three hundred dollars for posing," she said, "plus tips. If they want me to have sex with someone I will."

"That would be over $3000," I said and she nodded gleefully. She said she was so glad I talked her into posing for me.

"I would not be doing this if not for you, baby," she said. "Thank you for not giving up on me, for being so determined and asking me to do it. I told her anyone as fucking beautiful as she is was simply a prize that kept on giving.

She now has three other photographers that she works for, doing nudes, a little porn, and even some glamor photography. She is total exhibitionist and I'm loving it.
