Agnes catches them in the foyer one night in mid-December. It’s almost Christ’s birthday—the date set by the Church, anyway—and she's up late trying to finish some more of the hand-woven mittens she’ll be passing out at the homeless shelter come Christmas Eve. There are never enough to go around, it seems, and so as the December days pass, she finds herself staying up until ten, eleven, midnight ...

It’s almost one o’clock when she hears the noises—quiet cursing from the foyer. Whispers. Male voices, so it isn’t the sisters.

Hooligans, maybe, or at least that’s what Agnes thinks, and she pushes her shoulders back and sets down her knitting needles and gets out of the chair. She’s dealt with hooligans before: they usually turn tail and run at the first sight of a habit.

But Agnes knows instantly when she turns the corner that these two aren’t hooligans. One of them is hurt, for starters, and the other isn’t moving like anything but a predator. She freezes instantly, hoping they won’t spot her, but the head of the uninjured man turns and she catches twin glints of something gold and brilliant.

The glint is gone in the next instant, and a man’s voice softly calls, “It’s okay, lady. We’re not gonna hurt you.”

“Sister,” the other one—leaning on the first and clutching his middle with one hand—corrects.

“Yeah, whatever,” the first man says, hauling his companion across the foyer in Agnes’ direction. “We need some bandages. Or cloth. Now.”

“Dean,” the wounded man reproves, although his voice sounds breathy, and now that they’re closer Agnes can see blood dripping through his fingers onto the floor.

“I’ll call an ambulance,” she offers, because she may not be a nurse but she can tell a critical wound when she sees one.

“No!”

That was both of them, spoken in unison, and Agnes shivers at the imagined glint of gold in the first man’s eyes. They’ve paused—more because the wounded man has stopped moving than because she’s presenting any kind of barrier—and now the first man grimaces and mutters, “Oh, fuck it. Hold onto me, okay, dude?”

Agnes has a moment to wonder what he’s planning on trying and then he’s—he’s lifting the wounded man off his feet as though he doesn’t weigh anything at all. Agnes has heard of people accomplishing great deeds in times of stress, but she’s never actually seen it before. Maybe she isn’t seeing it now: they both look like they work out regularly.

The man strides past her, into her workroom, and uses one shoulder to knock everything off the table before laying his companion down. Then, turning to her, he barks out, “You. You’re supposed to help the needy. Help him.”

Then he’s gone, back out into the foyer and slamming the front door behind him before his companion can finish protesting, “Dean!”

Left alone with a gravely injured man, Agnes is frozen. The convent never told her what she was supposed to do in this situation.

The injured man tries to get up, fails, and collapses back against the table with a curse. He’s keeping his eyes shut, she realizes—maybe the light is bothering him. Maybe there’s something wrong with his eyes.

“Hey,” he says suddenly. “Can you—do you have any holy water?”

“I thought you wanted bandages,” Agnes says, stupidly.

“Not for—I’ll be fine, but that stupid son of a bitch is gonna get himself—” He shuts his mouth, jaw clenching, and then says in a completely different tone of voice, “A killing sigil, please.”

“A what?”

The man’s expression twitches and then he says, “A cross.”

Agnes should call the police. Or maybe the mother superior. But instead, she finds herself bringing the man what he asked for and immediately regretting it as he opens his eye to take it from her hand. His eyes are gold, and alien, and she staggers away from him with her breath caught in her throat.

He closes his eyes again—those frightening, beautiful eyes—and then smears the cross with his own blood. He murmurs words—some language she doesn’t know—and the cross ...

The cross blazes with white light.

“Hold it up outside,” he groans, holding the cross out in her direction.

But Agnes is done with this insanity. She’s going to run straight to Mother Superior’s room and wake her up and let her deal with it.

Except as she turns to go, the man whispers, “Quaeso, soror.”

Please, sister.

Something in the tone tugs at her, makes it impossible to turn away. And he’s using the language of the Church, which maybe shouldn’t be reassuring—in the stories, devils speak Latin too—but it is.

“Quid est?” she asks, dredging the words up with difficulty.

The man hesitates for a moment and then answers, “Ignis Dei. Quaeso. Is est mea anima.”

Please. He’s my soul.

Agnes doesn’t know what’s out there in the night that she’s supposed to be saving the wounded man’s (angel’s?) companion from, but she can’t ignore the desperate love in that plea. She half expects the cross to burn her when she takes it—fire of God, the man called it—but it doesn’t. It’s warm, and throbbing faintly, and that’s it. But light is pouring from it in torrents, and it feels clean. Feels holy.

“Angelus es?” she whispers—can’t resist daring the question.

But the man shakes his head, eyes falling shut as his body sags back against the table. “Sam. Mihi nomen est Sam.”

So maybe they aren’t angels after all, but the things that flee when she opens the front door and holds the cross aloft—the things with black eyes and reddened, dripping fingers—are very definitely devils. Which makes the two injured men she tends to in the late watches of the night holy warriors indeed.