Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 17/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
scot25 prompt : Flowers
Warning(s): vamp!Xander, Character death - highlight if you want to know: Willow dies - still wanna read it?
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

They didn't understand, none of them did. She had done it for them – to keep them all together, and in return what did she get? Giles casting a truth spell on her and forcing her to reveal things that she had promised never to tell; Buffy saying that she didn't think they could be friends anymore, and worst of all – Xander. Xander had wanted to kill her – she had seen it clear on his vampire face. He wanted to bite into her and drain her of all blood. There was no way her childhood friend was still in there – her Xander would never have threatened her with such violence, it just would never have happened. And the persons responsible? Spike and Angel. They hadn't just turned Xander into a vampire, they had turned him against her. And for that they should pay. Running quickly through the early evening, she made it in plenty of time to get the power she needed and return before they could leave. As usual, the doorway called to her and she slipped in easily. Fortunately there was no-one waiting which meant she could be seen straight away – it was all coming together nicely.
He sniffed the air and realised who it was, smiling as he moved towards the door. The timing was most fortuitous – this would be their last transaction. Shame she wouldn't be leaving but it had been a most profitable arrangement while it lasted – loaning her the more obvious powers whilst slowly siphoning off her real strength and talent had made him drunk on many an occasion. And now was the time for the last spell to click into place, the spell that would cut the cords to the darkest powers within her soul and gift them to him. Really, people should read the small print before agreeing to things but if she was naïve enough to think that she could get something for nothing, that was her look out.

Opening the door, he held it wide as he smiled at her. “Welcome back Ms Rosenberg”. Smiling through tears, Willow half-ran towards him, for the comfort of his arms and the power he could give her.

“Oh Rack, it's been awful”.

“There there my dear, Rack will make it all go away”.

Buffy sniffed and buried her head in Giles' shoulder as he threw the ashes from the urn into the ocean, closely followed by the roses they had chosen to float after them. It had been an extremely difficult few weeks – finding Willow's body using the magical tag that Giles had placed on her had been horrific. Her corpse was mummified, all fluids sucked from it, and Giles had explained that in taking her magical essence her killer had basically sucked her dry. It did explain much of her recent behaviour but unfortunately it meant that her early actions had been all her own.

They had been forced to arrange her funeral quickly – Giles had said that there were too many uses for a dark witch's remains to risk leaving it to her parents to make arrangements. The Rosenberg's had continued their blindness, willingly leaving the arrangements to Giles for the funeral of their only daughter. It would seem that even in death her spell on them held effect.

Wrapping his arm around Buffy and pulling her close, he dropped a kiss on her forehead. They had become closer in the last few weeks than he had ever imagined. Her magical cleansing at the centre in Los Angeles had unearthed much, and he had been privileged to help her work her way through much of it. The fact that part of what emerged were fledging feelings for her Watcher that Willow had ruthlessly repressed had shocked both of them, but they were taking the chance now it was just the two of them to see where things would go. Giles had got over his concerns about the age gap – compared to Angel he was practically a teenager – and his knowledge and understanding of her unique position meant that there was no need for either of them to hide. Giles had no idea what the future held, but if it contained even a fraction of the happiness that Xander had deservedly found he would consider himself a very lucky man. 

The feel of Angel as he pushed himself in deep made Xander moan, the sound rumbling through his chest as he shifted his face restlessly on the pillow. There were no words to describe how he was feeling, knees on the bed, ass in the air with only a pillow to muffle his cries: the sparks behind his eyes each time Angel brushed against his prostate, the harsh hands holding his hips in place , leaving bruises as he pumped himself in and out of Xander. Pushing his hips back in encouragement, Xander cried out as Spike shuffled down the bed in front of him, taking his leaking cock into his mouth and sucking strongly. Too many sensations at once, bombarding his system so that he could barely think – pushing back into the feel of Angel pressing deep and hard, forward into the wet, tight tunnel of Spike in front – he was going mad with the pleasure.
Tossing his head back, he tilted it to one side, silently encouraging Angel to sink his fangs into his turning scar and sip the rich taste of Childe's blood. The pop of skin bursting under the points, the slice as those razor sharp teeth pressed in, and then glorious suction making him light-headed. Balancing carefully on one arm, he reached down and grasped Spike's head, thrusting his hips forward so that he was fucking that pouting pink mouth. A scream was yanked from him as Spike rolled his eyes up to look directly into his gaze, then changed into his vampiric guise and slid his fangs into the base of his cock. It was enough, more than enough, to roll his eyes back in his head, the rhythm of his hips stuttering brokenly as the wave of pleasure broke over him and he screamed out loud again and again.

Speedily, Spike moved out from under him and Xander collapsed on the bed, legs still spread to allow Angel to pump himself to completion, moaning in Xander's ear as he came. They lay tangled together, catching their breath in silence until they heard:

“OI!! Wharrabout me ya selfish bastards?!” Looking over, they saw Spike leaning against the headboard, leaking hard cock held in his hand as he slowly moved it up and down. Carefully Angel slipped free from Xander and yanked Spike down the bed towards them, ignoring the thud of his head hitting the headboard although Xander couldn't hold back a giggle at the continuing complaints coming from Spike. “Ya coulda given me fuckin' concussion – have a care will ya? Despite your thoughts to the contrary, I have a delicate - ”

“SHUT UP SPIKE!”