"So basically," Lauren said. "You went on a date." They were both in Paula's bed, tucked under the duvet, still giggling and talking into the darkness.

"I didn't say that," Paula said.

"But you did. He came and picked you up. You spent the day together. You went to dinner. You kissed good night," Lauren said. "That's a date."

"We're friends," Paula argued.

"From what I've observed, if it isn't Idol related, you're not really in the same place," Lauren said. Paula swallowed. That's exactly what she'd been thinking earlier, how it had been odd for Simon to contact her with no American Idol obligations. "So why was today different?"

"I don't have to answer your questions," Paula said. Lauren laughed.

"Okay," she said. "What do you want to talk about?"

"I want to talk about you," Paula said. " My life is so complicated. I've barely gotten to know about yours, which is terrible of me. Tell me about your family."

"Oh," said Lauren, sounding slightly less sure of her self now. It was easy to play puppet master to Paula's schedule and life, but she didn't tend to open up about her self. "My mom is a wedding planner and my dad is in real estate," she said. "I have an older brother. He lives in the bay area."

"Just the four of you?"

"Yes," said Lauren. "And our dog."

"How... nuclear," Paula laughed. "I want to meet them some time."

"To tell you the truth," Lauren said, shifting around. "They, uh, they don't really know I work for you."

"WHAT?" asked Paula, sitting up – Lauren could see her small outline from the light through the window. "Why?"

Lauren turned on a lamp.

"I love my job, don't get me wrong. But my parents really wanted me to go get a masters and start my own business but I needed a break for school... and I just think that, maybe, being a personal assistant, while very satisfying, is not their idea of furthering my academic career," she said carefully.

"Wow," said Paula. "You're ashamed of me."

"NO!" Lauren said. "I'm really not. I thought, when I took this job, I said, what am I getting myself into, but it turned out to be a good fit, I think."

"Yes," Paula agreed. "Well okay. What do they think you do?"

"I told them I'm working for an upstart event planning company. It explains the travel and constant phone calls," she said.

"Do they watch Idol?" Paula pressed.

"Yeah, why?"

"Because I'm pretty sure that stint with Simon and the tea set will air," Paula said. "So you'd better tell them before January!"

"I..." she shook her head. "That will not air, you're just trying to scare me."

"Does anyone know you work for me?" she asked.

"My best friend," she said. "She's the only one."

"We'll figure out a way to tell the world," Paula said.

"Because I'm forever your girl?" Lauren said. Paula hit her in the head with a pillow.

oooo

When Paula woke up, Lauren was gone. In the kitchen were fresh bagels and a note that said Lauren had gone to run some errands and to enjoy breakfast.

"Wish I was dating you," Paula muttered to Lauren's handwriting. The note had been scribed in purple sharpie on yellow notepaper decorated with sunflowers.

Paula knew she probably went to get the dry cleaning so they could pack for Miami and Philadelphia, which were so back to back that she wouldn't come home in between. Paula ate her bagel and took the dogs out. By the time she was out of the shower, Lauren had returned and they finished the extensive task of packing a superstar. Lauren was a trooper and didn't complain as they loaded everything into the car. At least this time, Lauren was on her flight, in the seat next to her.

In the car, navigating the freeways, Lauren seethed.

"I hate LAX," she said. "Stupid airports. Stupid flying."

"Wow," said Paula. "How are you doing, kiddo?"

"I don't see why there has to be so much traffic. GO HOME PEOPLE!" Lauren shouted.

"Take Sepulveda, it's faster," Paula offered.

"That's a myth," said Lauren. "Everyone always says Sepulveda is faster. Never have I seen it be faster."

"This is gonna be a fun day," Paula said, letting her head rest against the seat.

"Sorry," Lauren said but clearly didn't mean it.

"I'm going to give you until we get on the plane to get out of this snit," Paula said. "And then you can either be happy or tell me what's wrong."

"Fine," said Lauren. They spent the rest of the drive in silence. Lauren checked them in and then gave Paula her ticket so she could go wait in the first class lounge while Lauren dealt with the luggage. Half of Lauren's job was making sure Paula didn't get swarmed in public. Luckily, a place like LAX was filled with other celebrities and people who were so tired of traveling and disenchanted with L.A. life that they didn't care who walked by.

When Lauren finally appeared in the lounge, she sat in stony silence next to Paula until they boarded the plane. In their seats, they listened to the pre-flight routine that the attendant did without saying a word. Finally, in the air, Paula turned to Lauren and smacked her lightly on the arm.

"Where's the other Lauren?" she asked. "Can she come back now?"

"It's really nothing," Lauren said.

"Sweetie, you are the most level headed person I have ever met. This is not nothing," Paula said.

"Well," Lauren said, starting to look kind of embarrassed. "I took your advice and told my boyfriend what my real job was and we got in this huge fight about honesty and confidentiality and it was just..." She shook her head.

"Oh my god, you have a boyfriend?" Paula exclaimed.

"Well probably not anymore!" she said.

"What's his name?" Paula asked.

"Jamie," she said. "I just... I didn't want to be the girl who worked for the famous lady, you know?"

"But you obviously knew Randy," Paula pointed out. "He's famous."

"That happened in a really roundabout way," Lauren said. "My best friend Marissa used to nanny for his kids. I mean, I'd met him but I didn't really... anyway."

"So let me get this straight. Jamie, right?" Lauren nodded. "Jamie was mad because you'd been lying to him for like eight months?"

"I know that he has a point. It's just... he didn't even let me explain. And he wanted me to stay and talk things out which takes like four days with him and I had to go to Miami and he wanted me to cancel and I told him you don't just cancel going to Miami with Paula Abdul and he was mad that I didn't even come home last night and that I'd sprung this on him at 6:00 am but he knows that I have early hours..." She trailed off. "This is really boring."

"I don't find your personal life boring," Paula assured her. "Maybe you just need some time apart."

"How about forever?" she said. "I don't have time for a boyfriend anyway."

"If I have time, you have time," Paula said.

"But you don't have a boyfriend," Lauren said. "Unless you mean you-know-who of last night's faux date fame."

"I didn't say that," Paula said. Lauren looked at her knowingly. "We are not talking about me right now."

"Well we're not talking about me either," Lauren said defiantly.

"Oh look," said Paula. "A movie."

oooo

Paula had to keep reminding herself that there was just Miami and Philadelphia and then they would be done with auditions and she could have a few months to relax. Well, not relax, exactly. She and Randy would go into the studio to record "Dance Like There's No Tomorrow." She was going back on QVC – Lauren had said that she was lucky they offered her another spot after her last erratic encounter. Then she'd have to choreograph a dance for the new song, especially if there was going to be a video. And Randy had been talking about debuting it somewhere big, really big.

So not exactly relax.

She did understand that Simon would be going back to England for nearly three months. It made her feel kind of sick inside when she thought about it. He was one of the busiest people she knew, he had to go back, but there was a tiny part of her that wanted to ask him to stay.

Her suite in Miami was a fifteen-minute car ride from AmericanAirlines Arena and she knew Lauren would be beating down her door at any moment. Daniel had finished her hair and make-up and had already left for the arena to set up in case she needed touch-ups. All she had to do was find her shoes and wait for the limo to arrive.

And just like clockwork, there was a knock on her door.

"Come in!" she called, leaning over to fish her pump out from under the bed. How did she keep losing her shoes like this?

"Nice view," Simon said. She stood up and spun around to see that he'd clearly been staring at her ass.

"Hi!" she said. "I thought you were Lauren."

"Ah, yes. Your industrious assistant. I sent her on ahead so that you could ride with me," he said. "I don't think she likes me."

"She likes you just fine. She doesn't at all trust you," Paula said, sitting on the edge of the bed to slide on her shoes.

"Smart girl," said Simon. He offered her a hand and she took it, allowing him to pull her to her feet and into his arms. She hugged him back, resting her head over the place that his heart beat. "Come on, the car is waiting."

They separated for the walk down into the lobby and out side where they were ushered into the back of the car.

"Where's Randy?" she asked when the back of the car was empty.

"He'll be along," Simon said vaguely. He sat next to her and shut the door. The car started to roll away and she looked at him. "Different car," he explained as he rolled up the partition between them and the driver. "How've you been?"

"You mean since the whole days of not seeing you?" she teased.

"Did you get a call from Nigel about the tabloids?" he asked.

"Yes," she said. "He didn't seem too upset."

"The man loves his ratings," Simon said. "Did he ask you if they were true?"

"I told him that you and I were the same as we ever were," she said, coyly.

"Ah," he said. "How ambiguous."

"Well," she said. "What did you say?"

"I said the same thing I told you. Any press is good press," he said. As the car turned, Paula slid into his side and he smiled at her, holding her wrist so she didn't move away again.

"Simon," she said warningly. "Are you going to behave today?"

"I'm behaving," he said, pushing back the curtain of her hair to reveal her neck. He traced a finger down her jugular and she let her eyes flutter closed. She couldn't deny she'd been thinking about him touching her all day. She crossed her legs so that her high-heeled foot could run up and down his calf. He put his hand on her thigh and worried the hem of her short skirt. She waited for his lips to make contact with her neck but then the car pulled to a stop and she heard the driver cut the engine and open his door to come let them out. They reluctantly untangled themselves into a respectable position for when the door opened. As soon as they exited the limo, they were faced with cameras waiting to get shots of them arriving for the day. Paula hoped she didn't appear as flushed as she felt on film.

It still took an hour for filming to begin. Simon spent the first part of the day with his arm draped over the back of her chair playing with a piece of hair until finally Brian came over to tell him to "stop fondling Paula in every goddamn shot."

"Aw, man, remember the good old days when you two used to hate each other?" Randy joked. "Can we get a little of that?

And for the rest of the shoot, Simon was horribly mean to her. Even though Paula knew that Simon was just following direction, by the end of the day she felt close to tears and she and Lauren left the moment she was given the clear to do so.

"He was just playing to the camera," Lauren said, finally, when they were back at the hotel. They both sat on the edge of the tub with their feet in hot water. Paula was being quiet with a tinge of sad and Lauren was getting a little worried.

"I know," Paula said. "I'm fine."

"Okay. Can I get you anything?" Lauren asked.

"I just want to sit here and be quiet," Paula said. There was a knock at the door and Lauren rose to answer, padding across hotel carpet in her bare, wet feet. Simon was at the door.

"Get out," he said. Lauren understood that he was not joking, abandoned her shoes, grabbed her bag, and left. Simon followed the noise of trickling water into the bathroom and saw Paula's hunched back so small against the expansive tub.

"Who was it?" she asked. When she didn't get an answer, she turned to look at her assistant and, for the second time that day, saw Simon instead. At the sight of him, she could no longer contain herself. Her face crumpled into tears.

"Oh Paula," he said and sat down on the tub edge in the opposite direction. She brought a hand to her mouth to try to stifle the tears. "I'm so sorry." He opened his arms but she didn't lean into him. Instead, she turned away trying to contain herself. She pressed her palms into her cheeks and took a wavering breath.

"I just want to be alone," she said when she could trust her voice.

"You know that I didn't mean..."

"I don't know!" she said, swiping angrily at her eyes, the tears falling despite her best intentions. "You're brutal, Simon, but you're always, always truthful. I can't... I've got to protect myself from you."

"I don't understand," he said.

"I'm saying that I've had my heart broken enough and that you're never going to be faithful and that I think we need to just go back to being co-workers and nothing more," she said.

"Is that really what you want?" he asked, shocked.

"Yes," she said, sounding much more sure than she felt.

"Then I don't care what you want," Simon said, crossing his arms in a familiar pose.

"What?" she asked.

"Why do you get to decide the terms of our friendship?" he asked.

"Because!" she wailed. "This isn't a friendship! This is... flirting and saying things just to hurt and occasionally inappropriate touching, at most."

"You're wrong," he said. "You're wrong and I'll prove it."

"How?" she asked.

"By being the best friend you've ever had," he said.

"I don't want any more empty promises, Simon." She said, turning and stepping out of the tub. She wiped her feet on the bathmat and walked into the bedroom. He followed and she crossed her arms and stood by the door. "I just want to go to sleep. Could you go?"

"This isn't over," he said and when she didn't respond, he let himself out.

"Funny," she whispered to the empty room. "It feels like it's over."