The Slumber Party War
by jastes22

The Slumber Party War: Part 6 - Coup

Things had cooled down. After Jade’s complete and utter humiliation, there was nothing more to do. I worried about Jade trying to get back at me, but apparently, she had admitted defeat. The dynamic in the group had changed—me as the alpha, and Jade as a demure peon.

I had won, and was enjoying the spoils of war.

So I thought.

“Oh, Jade,” I said in a high pitch, flaunting my power over her. “Could you grab my phone? I think I left it in the other room.

She couldn’t meet my gaze, instead standing up and starting to walk. As she passed the bathroom door, adjacent to the kitchen, Olivia stepped out and nearly ran into her. “Hey!”

“S-sorry…”

Olivia grabbed both of her arms and twisted them behind her. “Girls?”

About half of the girls jumped towards her, pinning her down and fully restraining Jade. She squirmed and thrash, but no words escaped her mouth.

There was a squelching sound of duct tape being unraveled. I heard Jade groan, and then her wrists restrained behind her.

Hands grabbed for me. I yelped and pulled away, but not fast enough before I was being carried towards the kitchen and placed in front of Jade and Olivia.

“Hey! What’s the big idea?”

Suddenly, my hands were restrained too, bound behind my back much like Jade’s.

Olivia sighed, as if dealing with a toddler. “We got bored. We wanted to see more. Most of the girls were in favor of stripping you completely naked, Sarah. But we realized that after your little show with Jade, there wasn’t much more we could do.”

My heart started to race. The idea of being completely naked didn’t scare me too much—I had steeled myself for the possibility ever since doing the same to Jade. But Olivia was insinuating something different…something worse. Where was she going with this?

“So, we decided to strip you both naked.”

The groans of both me and Jade were drowned out by the cheering of the girls.

Holy crap, I realized. Olivia, the little rat, had pulled a coup right underneath both of our noses. Suddenly, she was in control, and we were her prisoners.

“But we aren’t heartless,” Olivia said. “Both of you will take turns choosing one article of clothing, then both of you will take off that piece of clothing. Jade, since you were our last victim, why don’t you start?”

She swallowed, looking me up and down. “Umm…shirt.”

My stomach dropped. Part of me hoped that Jade would refuse to play, and that would be the end of it. But now there was no going back.

“You know what?” Olivia asked in mock surprise. “You guys are tied up. You can’t take off your clothes. We’ll have to help you.” She grabbed the hem of my shirt, and I realized that she was holding a pair of scissors. Before I could protest, my shirt was being snipped off and thrown aside. I groaned as Olivia cupped a hand over my bra and squeezed lightly.

I watched her do the same to Jade. The older girl shuddered at Olivia touch, instinctively moving away but stopped by the other girls. Some of the girls didn’t wear bras under their pajamas, but both Jade and I did, especially when the prospect of becoming exposed became ever more present. She wore a pink lacey bra which contrasted with my black one.

“You’re turn, Sarah,” Olivia said.

Jade looked at me, her eyes wide as she realized her mistake of getting rid of our shirts first. “Bra,” I said. My only hope was to embarrass Jade enough that the girls focused on her rather than me.

“Noooo…” Jade mumbled. She was cut off by Olivia reaching over and snipping her bra in two. She blushed at the sensation of her bare tits exposed in the middle of the kitchen

. I gritted my teeth as Olivia took her time, making a show of pulling out my bra and snipping it off. She grabbed my tits and squeezed them with both hands, eliciting a moan of pleasure from me. My eyes were squeezed shut from the treatment, but I could hear Jade going through the same thing from the other girls.

Olivia stepped back, looking at her two topless victims. “Well, I guess there’s no point in taking turns, now. But let’s not get too far ahead of ourselves…” She stepped over to Jade and dug her fingers down her sweatpants. Jade groaned, nearly keeling over. I felt my crotch stir watching her treatment, suddenly wishing I was the one fingering my friend.

Jade’s sweats fell to the ground. Olivia grabbed the side of her panties and cut them off. Suddenly, Jade was completely naked. As I watched another girl crawled her fingers into my pants, flirting with my pussy. Olivia walked over, and instead of telling the girl to stop, simply joined in. My head felt like it was going to explode as their fingers explored me.

The pressure around my waist released, and I felt the fabric of my sweats fall to the ground, followed by the snip of my panties being cut off.

Completely naked and bound, Jade and I looked at each other. How had it come to this? As we looked at each other, we both realized at the same time that Olivia wasn’t done.

Our tormentor guided us down

“For this next part, we’re going to have a little race,” Olivia said. “ Both of you are going to run down the street and then come back.”

“You’re going to make us go outside?” I squeaked. I had brought Jade out to the front yard, it was true, but making us go down a residential street felt like something different entirely.

“Sure. Sounds fun. And as for motivation…the loser will get a…special punishment.”

My skin crawled at the thought of what she could have planned.

The two of us looked at each for a moment. Were we really going to do this?

Jade booked it out the door. I yelped and scrambled after her. The girls all yelled and ran beside us, shouting and laughing. I blushed, trying not to think about the embarrassment of streaking down the street. With my hands bound behind my back, there was absolutely nothing I could do to cover myself. It was dark, but with all the commotion the girls were making, it felt like the entire neighborhood was going to wake up and see. A car passed by, its lights blinding, and I felt myself blush. There was no way they could miss the crowd of girls, but I just had to hope they missed the straggling naked girls in front of the group.

I focused on Jade’s tush in front of me. She had a lead, but I was gaining. It was awkward to run with my hands bound behind my back, but all I could think about was beating Jade. The other girls, unhindered, ran ahead of us to cheer us on.

I was catching up with her quickly. I was a soccer player, she a cheerleader. Our physiques were very different, an advantage I was exploiting.

Still…it would be close. Some of the girls had gotten ahead of us and had tied our discarded clothes into a makeshift finish line.

We passed at the same time, both breathing hard. Despite the cool night air, we were both sweating. We both looked at Olivia, waiting for her to decide on the winner. “Hmm…it was very close. I think it’s only fair that we declare both of you the losers.”

We groaned as the girls started to herd us back to the house.


The Slumber Party War: Part 7 - Spoils of War

As they marched us back to the house, I didn’t even think about how I was naked out on the street. All I could think about was what Olivia had planned for me and Jade. I couldn’t see her, but I could hear Jade’s sniffles mixed in with the other girls’ laughter. Every barefooted step against the cold cement sidewalk towards the house just filled me with dread.

Finally, we entered inside. I wasn't sure whether to be relieved that we were no longer exposed outside, or terrified knowing that Olivia was about to choose our punishment.

“Let’s get them tied up.”

Soon we were laying across the table, our legs dangling on one side so our pussies were facing out. Hands bound above our heads, our outer legs were then bound to a table leg, while our inner legs were tied to each other, stretching our womanhood to the max.
“Well, since you both lost, I think it’s only fair that we play another game,” Olivia said. She gave each of us a slap on the crotch, giggling at our moans. “Let’s see how big those pussies go!”

She stood in front of me, and I shuddered at the thought of how absolutely exposed I was. No clothes, no cover, everything on display. “Here are the rules. We are each going to stick things in your pussies, getting a little bigger each time. Either one of you can stop us at any time, but the loser has to cum in front of everyone while we record the whole thing.”

We glanced at each other. It had been an unspoken rule that we didn’t let the embarrassment of the other go outside the sleepover, but Olivia wasn’t bound to those rules, apparently. We were her spoils of war.

“We’ll start with Sarah, first, since she started us down this road.”

I groaned as she inserted the pencil in, eraser-side first, my wet and slick pussy giving no resistance. She pushed it in, letting it stay there for what felt like an entire minute before pulling it out. I gasped, unable to breathe from the intrusion, pangs of pleasure pounding in my head. I barely even registered Jade’s moan as she got the same treatment.

“Next up, we’ll try a highlighter.” She held up a thick yellow highlighter, waving it in front of us. She started with Jade this time, and my own crotch clenched at the sight of our friend shoving the bulky marker into the girl. Jade bit her lip to stop herself from screaming.
Olivia pulled out and walked over to me.

“Wait…” I croaked.

“Are you quitting, Sarah? You know what that means?”

“No…no, go ahead,” I said.

Olivia pushed my legs farther apart, if possible, shoving nearly the entire thing into my pussy. I groaned, the sensation of the bigger market in me ten times more intense than the pencil. I groaned and moaned, my head falling on the table and my body falling limp.

I heard something crinkle. I looked up, confused as Olivia held something brown to Jade’s face. A Snicker’s bar?
As I watched, Jade took a bite out of the candy bar, bits of nuts and caramel falling on her chest. She groaned as Olivia smushed the bar into Jade’s pussy.

She didn’t hold it for long, though, instead pulling out the ruined bar, covered in Jade’s juices. She held it in front of me. “Eat up!”
I kept my mouth closed, the thought of eating it disgusting.

“Oh, come on, don’t be like that, Sarah.” She squeezed my breasts, digging her fingernails into my flesh. She didn’t want me to quit—not yet, anyway—but she did want me to be humiliated

Reluctantly, I began to open my mouth. Before it was even fully open, Oliivia shoved it into my mouth. The taste of chocolate, carmel, nougat, and body fluid filled my mouth. I nearly gagged, and didn’t even register Olivia inserting the rest of it in me.

“Let’s see…what’s next?”

I heard someone whisper something, and then Olivia giggle. The girls ran upstairs, and my heart sank at the thought of what they could possibly think of.

As we laid there, naked, and on the table, I wondered how in the world we had gotten there. Sweat covered our bodies and we both breathed heavily.

“Jade…”

I was cut off by the emergence of the girls. Olivia was holding two identical things in each of her hands.

Electric toothbrushes.

I groaned as the girls cheered.

“Well, we’re going to end this now. We’re going to leave these in until one of you forfeits, and that’ll be the loser. Ready?”
We both grunted, not having much more energy than that.

Olivia inserted the toothbrush inside. I shuddered at the feeling of the bristles brushing against my skin. I tried to resist, but my pussy betrayed me and gave no resistance.

She held it there for a second. Well, actually, it wasn’t too bad—

She turned it on.

We both screamed as the toothbrushes vibrated inside of us like insects. Our screams quickly dissolved into moans. Olivia grabbed the toothbrush and started to move it around freely, causing even more pleasure to erupt in my body.
I prayed that Jade would forfeit, but nothing happened. No, she was determined to beat me. We had both been humiliated and destroyed, but she still wanted the final victory.

“Stop! Please!” I shouted. I gasped. What had I done?

The toothbrushes clicked off, and I groaned as the pleasurable sensation disappeared.

“Looks like we have our loser, girls,” Olivia said. Someone untied my hands but kept one hand bound so my body was still completely stretched out.I heard a click of a phone camera turning on. “Go ahead, Sarah.”

I swallowed and inserted two fingers. I was so dilated I could fit both fingers in easily. I moaned and groaned, not even caring that I was being recorded. The fact that I was being watched made the experience all the more pleasurable, and I found myself digging harder and faster than I ever had.

With my crotch jutting out on the table, there was nothing to stop my cum from squirting all over the wooden floor and my toes.
“Very good, Sarah,” Olivia said, reaching over and stroking my hair out of my face that had come disheveled during my torment. “We’ll just leave you like this for a little bit.”

“But—”

“Hush. We still need to decide who to send this video to. Didn’t Jade say something about a boyfriend of yours?”
