Severus got up from where he had fallen, ignoring the stinging pain in his back. He needed to find Harry, and quick. His young husband was in no condition to run around in the middle of the night, emotionally troubled and eight months pregnant.

Reaching the door to his chambers, Severus realized he had no idea in which direction Harry had disappeared. He turned to the left, in order to see if he was hiding out in one of the empty classrooms on this floor, but found his way blocked by a massive stone wall. Surprised, Severus stumbled back. What was this all about? Was Hogwarts trying to help him, or was it trying to block him from Harry?

His thoughts were answered when all the lights went out and only one corridor was still lit by torches. Obviously the castle was trying to lead his way. A cold feeling seemed to grip Severus' heart - something was wrong when Hogwarts was cooperating with him in order to find Harry faster. Something was terribly wrong, he knew it. Moving even faster through the cool corridors, Severus tried to imagine what could have happened. Had Harry decided to face the Headmaster? Had he tried to leave the castle in the middle of the night? Or was he maybe injured? This last thought made Severus shiver.

Severus followed the lit torches down the moving stairs which were, surprisingly enough, not moving at all. When he reached the fourth set of stairs he froze. The sight of the still figure of Harry on the stone floor turned his blood to ice. He looked like he was dead. Severus' heart missed a beat. He did not know how far Harry had fallen down, but even if he had fallen only one floor it could have done severe damage.

Feeling tears sting his eyes and his throat tighten, Severus called, "Harry!" He practically flew down the remaining stairs to crouch beside Harry. The young man was lying face down on the cold stone floor, the part of his face Severus could see was swollen and already beginning to bruise. The way Harry was lying, Severus could not see if his nose was broken, but his lower lip was split and the blood and the bruises were the only colors in the otherwise deadly pale face. Trying to bring his panic under control, Severus took a deep breath and touched Harry's shoulder. At first he considered turning the young wizard around, but then decided against it - he didn't know what kind of injures Harry had and moving him could make things worse.

Angry, Severus realized that his hands were shaking. Damn, where was his self control when he needed it most? He had kept his cool while dealing with Voldemort, but seeing his husband injured turned him into someone as useless as a First-year Longbottom.

Suppressing the urge to just gather the still figure in his arms, Severus took out his wand and cast a simple diagnostic spell on Harry. Thank Merlin, he was alive! He had several broken bones and most likely a concussion, but his spine was unharmed and Ebony's life signs were strong and healthy. It should be safe to move him and the sooner he got to the infirmary, the better. Making a quick decision, Severus gathered Harry in his arms and made his way to the infirmary.

When he was half way there, the Bloody Baron crossed his way. "Go and wake Pomfrey, tell her I will be arriving with a patient. Harry is injured. Now, go!" he ordered and the surprised Slytherin houseghost obeyed instantly.

ooOoo

Five minutes later a very angry Poppy Pomfrey had a still unconscious Harry Potter in one of her infirmary beds and was casting diagnostic spells on him, when the Headmaster arrived at the infirmary door.

"Severus, Poppy, what happened? How seriously is he injured? Is he…" Albus began, but was interrupted by a furious Potions Master. Severus blocked Albus' way to Harry's bed and stated in a cold voice, "Headmaster, I believe we have something to discuss and I suggest we do it outside of here. I would not want to upset Harry further, should he wake."

That said, he practically shoved the Headmaster back out of the huge infirmary doors.

Minerva was waiting in the corridor in front of the infirmary and looked up startled when the Headmaster returned so soon - an obviously livid Severus on his heels. She did not get the chance to ask questions, though, because Severus instantly began yelling at Albus.

"Is it true? Is it true what Harry just told me?" Severus' eyes were glowing with a dangerous fire and Minerva thought that she had never seen him so out of control, his magical power radiating off his body in almost palpable waves. His voice was acidic as he went on, "Are you and his two so called friends responsible for the Daily Prophet article? Did you go so far as to violate his privacy and betray his trust just to manipulate him into doing what you thought best?"

The look of utter surprise and guilt on both of their faces answered Severus' question for him. Albus made an attempt to speak, but he was once again stopped by the Potions Master. His patience with the Headmaster was running thin and he had to control himself so as to not touch the man he had considered a friend and mentor.

"You! You are responsible for the condition he is in, you alone are responsible." Severus spat. "He came back to our chambers from a walk around the castle… " at his words Albus cringed visibly and Minerva covered her mouth in a gesture of pure horror. "…he seemed to be upset about something, but I found out too late what had him so troubled. Harry is broken, Albus, you have broken him; you and those idiotic children that call themselves his friends. I have never seen him this shattered before, not even after he had defeated Voldemort."

Severus took a deep breath and turned his back on the Headmaster and Minerva for a moment. He could not stand the sight of them any longer. Albus used this little break to speak. "Severus would you please calm down. I know you are worried about your husband, but your tone is very uncalled for. I am as concerned about Harry's health as you are," the Headmaster had the nerve to sound hurt.

At his words Severus almost lost control. He spun around to face the older wizard again "You were never really concerned about his well being before. You have manipulated our lives long enough. I will not give you another opportunity to hurt him. Your silly little games end here and now!" he yelled angrily. "Harry has made it perfectly clear that he does not wish to see your or any of his so called 'friends' again. He would have left the castle in the middle of the night if he had not fallen off those damn stairs. I will see to it that he gets what he wishes. If I can convince him that I had no knowledge of your lunatic plans, and he accepts my apology for not telling him about my suspicions I will do whatever Harry asks of me. I will leave with him tonight and never come back if that is his wish. I want you to know that Harry is the most important person in my life and I will do what I have to do not to lose him and Ebony. You'd better pray that Poppy can fix him, because if I should lose him or Ebony because of this, you will wish the Dark Lord had killed me!"

ooOoo

Poppy had been on her way out of the infirmary to tell Severus to keep his voice down, but she froze right in front of the huge doors she was about to open. A shiver ran down her spine when she heard the Potion Master's words. Severus was a very dangerous wizard when he wanted to be and he should not be underestimated - especially not when he was in a rage.

The pain and protectiveness she heard in his voice amazed her though - it was so opposite to the controlled demeanor Severus usually sported. Even the 'loving husband act', as Poppy silently called Severus' public behavior, could not hide the fact that his words of love barely ever held any real emotion. Right now though, the feelings she could hear in his voice were unguarded and true.

Ever since Harry and Severus' first fight about the pregnancy and being bonded, Poppy had been suspicious. She had not heard much that day, but what she had heard must have hurt the Potions Master deeply. Though it had seemed that no solution could be found at that time, as soon as the Daily Prophet article had been released the two of them had suddenly behaved like a happy couple that could not wait to be bonded - a sudden change Poppy had found very suspicious.

Of course she had tried to talk to the two of them and even to their friends and the Headmaster about her suspicions that something was not quite right, but everyone had told her not worry, everything was perfectly fine.

It had turned out that it was not. The last piece fell into place on Christmas eve, after Harry woke in the infirmary. She did not know what exactly Harry and Severus were feeling for each other, but if their behavior was anything to go by, those two wizards' lives were practically hell. The façade of a happy marriage was cracking. She had done everything she could think of to help those two stubborn wizards through an obviously difficult time, but to no avail.

This was the first time in many months, Poppy felt that maybe those two really had a chance. Maybe, just maybe, this unfortunate accident had opened their eyes and they would be able to sort things out, now that their true emotions were showing through.

Poppy turned and silently walked away from the door. She would leave Severus be. From what she had heard, the Potions Master was completely right and Albus deserved every single word for meddling in their lives. When she returned to the bed Harry was lying in, she realized, he was waking. "I see you have decided to come back." The medi-witch commented and did another check on him.

"Why am I here? What happened?" Harry asked in a weak voice. His body once again hurt like hell and his head was throbbing so bad, he could hardly think.

"You, Mr. Potter, somehow managed to fall off the moving stairs. Don't even think about trying to move before I am done with you! You have a concussion, a broken leg and two broken ribs that still need to be healed. Severus brought you here. He said you were very distressed and ran out into the castle in the middle of the night."

She cast a spell on him and to Harry's great relief the worst pain subsided. Slowly the memories returned to him. The conversation he had overheard, the discussion with Severus, his flight. Harry closed his eyes and turned away from the medi-witch. "I don't want to see them - any of them" he whispered.

Poppy looked down at her young patient and sighed. "I don't know what exactly happened to you tonight, Harry, but from what I over-heard I understand that you have every right to be upset. Though I don't think you should push Severus away as well, Harry. He is protecting you. He kept the Headmaster away from you and is right now telling Albus some very unpleasant things. He has also made it very clear that you are all that is important to him. Please, Harry, he is so worried about you. Let me go get him so he can see that you and Ebony are alright, okay?"

Harry looked at her, confused. Severus was defending him; protecting him? Why would he do that if he had known about the Headmaster's plans all along? Maybe his husband felt guilty about the fact that he, Harry, had fallen off the moving stairs after their fight? Maybe he really had not known about Dumbledore's plans. Harry decided it was useless to guess what he could not possibly know and he needed to ask Severus about his strange behavior, instead. After that he could still decide what to do next.

His thoughts were interrupted when a strange wave of pain rushed through his lower body and tore across his back. Not that he wasn't in pain already, but this felt more like someone or something was gripping him, trying to rip him apart. He could not suppress a small painful cry.

Poppy watched him suspiciously. "What is the matter, Harry? I already took care of your broken bones, they are healing nicely and your concussion should be gone by noon. You should not be in too much pain."

She took out her wand and was about to cast another diagnostic spell on him, when Harry felt a tingling between his legs, followed by a burning sensation. To make things worse, the burning turned into a sharp stab of pain - it felt like someone was cutting him. "Ouch," he protested, and was about to move when another strange sensation hit him. It was like something inside him 'burst', not really painful, but very unsettling. A moment later, there was wetness between his legs. Harry looked up at Poppy helplessly.

Poppy, who had already realized what was happening said soothingly, "Don't worry, Harry, your water just broke. What you feel is your body getting ready to give birth. Looks like your little Ebony will be with us sometime soon." She waved her wand and the wetness of the sheets was gone.

"But it's too early!" Harry protested. "I am only eight months along, she's not ready to be born yet!" he looked like he was going to burst in tears at any second.

"Don't worry, Harry. All the tests show that her weight and length are satisfying and she is strong and healthy. She is ready to be born and will have a good start into her life. You concentrate on delivering her and leave the rest to me, alright?"

"Okay!" Harry agreed, then another wave of pain hit him. Was this supposed to go so fast?

Poppy patted his hand again and stated., "I think I will have a look if Severus is done with the Headmaster yet." Her eyes twinkled suspiciously as if she liked the thought of Severus dealing with the Headmaster in a more direct way than usual. "I will go get him so he can be here when Ebony is born." She turned and headed for the door.

Harry snuggled deeper into the sheets, trying to find a comfortable position, but without much luck. He was scared. Scared about giving birth, scared that something would go wrong, scared that he would not be able to handle the pain in his already injured state.

Another wave of pain gripped him and Harry suppressed a groan. The area between his legs felt strange and Harry tried to reach down to touch himself, but to no avail. Then realization hit him. He almost passed out when he remembered that the feelings he had experienced earlier had turned his genitals into a vagina, giving him the opportunity to give birth. Harry had, of course, known what would happen, Poppy had told him about it a long time ago. She had said that he would have to give birth 'the natural way', but there was a huge difference between knowing something and experiencing it. Suddenly he didn't feel prepared at all. Merlin, what if something went wrong and he didn't get his penis back after giving birth? Would everything ever even look the same again?

Before he could come up with any more horrific scenarios, Poppy came back; a very worried looking Severus in tow. As soon as he saw Harry lying in the hospital bed, pale and in pain, Severus rushed to his side and took the young wizard's hand in his own. "Harry, how do you feel? Poppy said you have gone into labor. Don't worry, you will see, everything will be alright. Do you need anything?"

Feeling lightheaded by the fact that Severus was showing some real concern for him, Harry smiled at him fondly. It felt good to have him by his side in this scary situation. While he had expected Severus to be mad at him after what he had done and how impulsive he had acted last night - endangering his own life and Ebony's as well - Harry was relieved. Severus seemed to be more angry with the Headmaster than with him. Harry realised that meant the chances were good Severus really had not known, and had never intended to deceive him in any way. It was almost like in the past, when Severus had protected him and saved his life over and over again.

As if he had read his mind, Severus spoke, "Please, Harry, believe me, I had no idea it was Dumbledore and your 'friends' who were responsible for the Daily Prophet article. I would never betray you in such a way. You mean too much to me to ever willingly hurt you. Please tell me you don't really believe I could have betrayed your trust. We can leave the wizarding world if you want to. You and Ebony are my family and I want you to be happy. I am so grateful I haven't lost you."

Severus' eyes glittered with unshed tears as he leaned down to place a kiss on the top of Harry's head.

At this moment, another wave of pain hit Harry and he grabbed Severus' hand. He tried to breath through the contraction like Poppy had taught him and after the pain subsided, he said, "I believe you, Severus. I do know you would never willingly hurt me, but can we please talk about this later? I think I need to concentrate on delivering our daughter."

Severus smiled and gripped Harry's hand tightly. "Of course," he smiled. "I don't plan on going anywhere."