The world floated in a haze around Iruka, only now it was a warm, safe, and much nicer haze than it had been before.

Before, the fog had been edged with angry burning pain and a mindless, hopeless need to struggle and fight. It was cold, wet, and restricting. Despair sat deep in his bones and fear tied him up. The haze was slowly getting thicker, promising to smother everything that made up Iruka and leave him nothing but an empty husk. He’d have small moments of glee and hope, but they were getting farther and farther between and they were crushed quickly.

Then suddenly, something cut through the fog brutally, bringing the promise of everything safe and good.

Sensei.

In the moments of sudden enveloping warmth and relief that followed, Iruka knew it would all be fine. He was safe and released from the fear that bound him in seconds. His soul was given nutrients—the first it had seen in days—and his body gently cleansed of the ugly filth that desperation left behind.

He wasn’t going have to kill himself, after all. It was all going to be fine; it was good now.

Even when fear, desperation, and pain threatened to strangle him and drag him under, there was the whispered promise of it ending all soon, he was safe, please just hold on, it will hurt but then you’ll be free, trust me, I won’t let anything happen to you.

Knowing that it was the truth, Iruka felt safe enough to let the blackness overcome him.
xXxXxXxXxXx
He really didn’t remember much past that point. He had vague memories of flashes of green, but everything kept coming back to the overwhelming feeling of safety that surrounded him. He felt cared for, treasured, like someone had recognised how long and hard he had fought and was giving him a moment’s peace.

You did well, Sensei.

He remembered being tenderly coaxed to ingest health that sat too heavily on his stomach, despite it was only a little bit. Whenever things tried to drown him, tried to tell him he was worthless and this all was going to vanish, he was always pulled back to safety by the enticing and powerful warmth that seemed to always be there around him.

You’re going to be fine.

Pain still hovered at the edge of everything, but it constantly chased and soothed away. Dry, cool skin kissed his temples and eyebrows softly and long fingers stroked his hair, face, back, and arms. Gentle and calming chakra kept wrapping itself around his and soothing his pain away. All the twisted things that had nearly destroyed him couldn’t get at him any more because the warmth kept them away from him. He was safe.

Don’t worry; I’m taking care of everything. You just rest now.

He was safe, and that’s all that mattered.
xXxXxXxXxXx
Iruka returned to full and complete consciousness very gradually.

He didn’t want to, but something was tugging at him. It wasn’t his scar twinging, so he knew it wasn’t something he should be worried about. Still, there was something not quite normal and not quite right.

He couldn’t move his left hand, he vaguely noted, and his feet felt odd—odd in a not entirely good way, either.

But he was surprisingly warm and comfortable and safe. For a brief second, he thought that was at home and under all the extra blankets he had recently added.

He dismissed that a moment later. Home didn’t smell like this—not like fresh forest and cool musk (with a hint of dog) wrapped over medical sterility. The lighting also was wrong—too bright and white—and home didn’t have that slow, calming lub-dub throbbing in his ear that kept sliding over him and promising to lull him back into his warm, safe sleep where he could…

…

…wait a moment…

…

Lub-dub?

Iruka suddenly felt everything inside of him get very, very still. Not entirely sure that he really wanted to or that he should, he opened his eyes.

He blinked. Black swam in front of his eyes and it wasn’t until he blinked a second time he realised it was a black shirt in front of him. A plain black shirt—a standard issue uniform shirt, from the looks of it—that hinted at strength as sunlight cheerily streamed over it. A black shirt that was right in front of his nose and wrinkled from the way he was clutching at it, hand twisted in the fabric, cast resting on the surface.

A black shirt that was wrapped around his torso, fairly snugly.

A black shirt that was, unfortunately, clearly not empty and very obviously still on its owner.

The earth could swallow him right now and it would only take a small edge off of the humiliation that he knew was coming.

Feeling something that felt a lot like embarrassed dread filling his blood stream, he slowly forced his gaze up, not sure he should but unable to rest until he did.

Over more black to pale skin and over pale skin to a blue eye, one that curved into a affectionately soft and cheerful smile as Iruka’s own mortified eyes met it.

“Yo.”