The School Erotic Cheerleading Squad
by Persephone

Join the School Erotic Cheerleading Squad (SECS)

Girls!

Do you like showing off your school spirit?

Do you like showing off your body?

Are you pretty? Sexy? Horny? 

We want you for the School Erotic Cheerleading Squad!

Inspired by the AWSOME girls program!
We take cheerleading to a whole new level.
Cheerleaders have always been known for their enthusiasm, attitude, and sex appeal, but today they can be even more!

As a School Erotic Cheerleader, you'll take part in all games, home and away, plus all rallies and promotional events. You'll perform erotic dance routines and lap dances for special guests. You'll star in half-time cock sucking competitions, regular school orgies, and special charity fuck-a-thons. You'll represent your school to the public, and best of all you'll get to show the world just how sexy you can be!

Your uniform will distinguish you from the conventional cheerleaders. The Erotic Cheerleaders uniform consists of a special sports bra top that lifts, enhances and supports your boobs in your athletic routines while completely exposing your nipples; a completely bare midriff; and a tiny mini skirt split high in the front to frame your beautiful pussy, and of course absolutely no panties at any time. 

Show off your beautiful body as you display your school pride!

As a member of the School Erotic Cheerleaders Squad, you'll be recognized as a girl with exceptional spirit and sex appeal!

Auditions will be held in the school gymnasium on the first Wednesday of October.

—

Miss Kyle gave her students a moment to read the announcement on the giant screen behind her. It was the same poster they had seen in hallways for a month. She turned off the projector and the gymnasium lights came up. The audience consisted of girls who had come to audition, guys who wanted to see how hot their girlfriends could be, and students and faculty looking for a free erotic show.

"Welcome, everybody, and a special thanks to every one of you beautiful young ladies for coming to today's audition. You know this is a little different from regular cheerleader auditions - we want girls who can dance and jump and show school spirit, but beyond that we're looking for super-sexy exhibitionist sluts. We know you might still be a little shy, but we want to encourage you to make the most of your beauty for yourself, your classmates, and your school.

Let me tell you a little about myself. My name is Stephanie Kyle, and when I was in school I was Cheerleader of the Year. I wore the short skirt and the big smile and went to all the tournaments. My squad won most of them, and not just because of the routines. Even back then we knew how important sex appeal was.

But that was twelve years ago, and times have really changed! Today we're fortunate to have pop stars releasing pornographic videos, actresses attending their movie premieres nude, and of course the Naked In School and AWSOME programs. School sex is the new normal, and cheerleaders need to step up their game to stay relevant. That's why we're starting the School Erotic Cheerleading Squad - SECS - which combines traditional cheerleading with explicit sexual behavior to take fun to a whole new level. As a SECS girl, you'll be the envy of your friends, the pride of the school, and an inspiration to little girls who will become the SECS cheerleaders of tomorrow.

But SECS girls don't just have to look sexy, they have to be sexy. Let me introduce our first two SECS cheerleaders and let them show off their their exciting new uniforms. Claire, Donna, would you join me on stage please?"

There was a brief commotion in the audience as everybody craned their neck and leaned a little closer to the stage, followed by ten long seconds of silence. Finally two teenage girls appeared on stage. They didn't walk out, they tumbled into view in a two-person acrobatic cartwheel spin. The audience erupted in applause as the two girls leapt nimbly to pose side by side holding hands, snuggling tight against Stephanie.

Claire and Donna were teenage girls with model-gorgeous looks and sexy smiles that begged for a cum shower. Both had large, firm boobs that were cupped and nestled in ultra-short halter top bras designed to frame and display their long, hard nipples. Their bare midriffs were tanned and tight, and the light, breezy fabric of their tiny skirts tapered open from their waist to reveal their beautiful bare pussies. Each girl's labia was flagrantly puffy and moist, obviously ready for fucking or perhaps having just been deliciously fucked. Or both. Claire's blonde hair was tied back in a ponytail and Donna's dark red hair flowed around her face like a sensual halo. Some of the more bashful girls in the audience gasped at their open sexuality, and several of the guys cheered.

"Oh yes, these are our school's new cheerleaders, young, gorgeous and unabashedly sexy! Girls, give us a spin please?"

On command the two girls leapt and twirled, their tiny skirts flaring out to reveal the perfect globes of their beautiful, bare asses. Claire landed on her feet with her legs parted, and Donna slid to her on her knees, her tongue entering perfectly into Claire's puffy pussy lips as she came to a stop. Donna turned her head and gave the audience a wink, then took her partner's hands and swooshed between her legs to spin and stand behind her, her hands lifting the back of Claire's tiny, breezy skirt so she could pat her friend's naked butt.

"Acrobatics, coordination, enthusiasm, school spirit, intense sexuality," Stephanie said, "and now let's have a look at our new and very special cheer routine!"

On cue, two large teenage boys appeared in football uniforms, huge erections unconcealed by breakaway patches at the crotch of their uniforms.  Donna and Claire danced sensuously over to them, sinking to their knees with their faces inches from the boy's cocks. With a clap and a quick kiss, they ripped the patches away, letting two hard teenage cocks tumble out. Donna slid her tongue along the front of the first boy's cock, while Claire slowly stood, letting the second cock rub down her chest until it slid over her pussy as she opened her mouth to his passionate kiss. Her hand grasped his cock and rubbed it against her pussy for a moment, then she slid from his embrace to spin around, bent forward gracefully, and present her luscious ass to his eager cock. A moment later one cock entered her from behind as she took the other into her mouth and Donna slid beneath her to caress her dangling boobs from below. The boy she was sucking quickly jerked as she pulled her mouth off his cock, moaning aloud as a rope of silvery sperm splashed against her fiery red lips. The boy behind her pulled out and Donna sprang to her knees and gracefully began to suck him off, savoring the taste of Claire's pussy as he filled her mouth with cum. As the boys enjoyed the afterglow of their orgasms, Claire and Donna embraced and kissed deeply, letting just a dribble of cum fall expertly onto their boobs as they carefully rubbed their hard nipples together to the delight of their delighted audience.

The two football players departed and the real stars of the show, Claire and Donna, smiled and bowed to cheers and applause.

"So there you have it, a School Erotic Cheerleader Squad dance with participation from two linebackers," Stephanie said. We think there's going to be a real increase in attendance at every game, not to mention some very highly motivated football players.

"How many of you are ready to be SECS girls? Don't be shy!"

Hands shot up all over the room, and Claire and Donna went went to mingle with the audience and tag prospective team members who met the qualifications for beauty, posing with the candidates as they shed their clothes for their first team photos.