"You look amazing, Cory," Sam said to me.
"Shut up," I snapped back. "I look stupid!"
"No way. You're hot!" he told me.
Sam was my best friend and he wouldn't lie, but he did have ulterior motives. As I looked in the mirror, though, I was starting to agree with him. My petite frame fit my mother's clothes well. I wore a short leather skirt and knee high boots, which I just managed to squeeze into. I chose a modest top and my mom's blond wig that she used for a costume party was the perfect fit.
Not bad for an eighteen year old boy, I thought to myself.
"Is it weird that I'm attracted to you?" Sam asked, and I wasn't sure if he was joking.
"Yes. You know I'm still a guy," I told him.
"I know, but if I didn't know that..." he trailed off.
"What?"
"I'd probably jerk off to you," he admitted, laughing.
"Jesus. You're a pervert you know that? And I can't believe you're making me do this."
"It's just an hour. You meet the heads of the fraternity, say you're my girlfriend and then we can get the hell out of there. It will be dark and no one will know difference."
It was a dumb plan. Sam was pledging for a fraternity and when they asked if he had a girlfriend he said yes, when he knows damn well he's never had a girlfriend in his entire life. He wasn't attractive at all, and he was bad at talking to girls. The only reason I think they wanted him in the fraternity was because he had a high GPA. But we were best friends, so I agreed. And I had never had a girlfriend either. His getting in could be beneficial for both of us.
The only part of the plan that made sense was my role. Even though I was eighteen, I had never really matured. Lack of testerone, I guess. My cock got big and hard of course, but I had no facial or chest hair, and the few hairs on my legs were blond and hard to see. I wasn't tall, I was super skinny, and my facial features could be considered feminine. I had already been mistaken on numerous occasions for my twin sister, so a wig and a little makeup and boom - I wasn't Cory anymore.
I was Corina!
No. That's terrible. Cora. That's better. I was now Cora.
"Let's get this over with," I said.
\- - -
As we entered the party, I was already doubting myself. Most of the girls there were barely dressed. One even ran by with her breasts out. I couldn't do any of that. Sam assured me we wouldn't be here very long and I started to feel better. He spotted the people I needed to meet across the room and we made our way.
"Hi, Sam," the large one said.
"Hi, Donovan. I want you to meet Cora, my girlfriend," Sam said, introducing me. Here it is, I thought. The moment of truth. This would either work or Sam would be the laughing stock of the school.
"Nice to meet you, Cora," Donovan said, shaking my hand.
I smiled back.
"She's very pretty, Sam. How'd you get so lucky?"
"What can I say," he responded. "She loves me."
It had worked! He bought it. Now we could leave, I thought. But at that exact moment, an air horn went off. Everyone stopped talking.
"You know what that means!" Donovan yelled and raised his drink. Everyone in the room took a sip of their drink and then kissed the closest girl.
I was frozen in fear. Did this mean Sam had to kiss me? Please no, but Donovan was staring at us. Before I could react, Sam took a swig of his drink and grabbed me and kissed me right on the mouth. He even forced his tongue into mine.
"Sorry," he whispered in my ear. Gross, I thought.
"Excuse me," I said imitating a girl's voice. "I have to use the bathroom." Got to wash this taste off my mouth, I didn't say.
"Use mine," Donovan told me. "Upstairs, third door on the right. It will be cleaner than the others."
"Thank you," I said and went upstairs.
\- - -
In Donovan's bathroom I swirled around some mouthwash, trying to get Sam's taste out of my mouth.
"Christ. I can't believe I'm doing this," I said to myself in the mirror. "Whatever. We can go home now."
Then the door opened and it was Donovan. I turned away, terrified. What was he doing here? He didn't say anything. He grabbed me by the shoulders.
"We're alone," he said. Oh no. What is this? "I saw the way you were looking at me," he continued. Was he crazy? I wasn't looking at him!
"Uh... I think you are mistaking me for someone else," I told him.
"I don't think so," he said. "You like Sam, don't you?"
"Yes," I said.
"You want him to get into this fraternity?"
"Yes," I repeated, shutting my eyes. I had an idea of where this was going.
"Then you need to help him," he said and I heard a fly unzip. Oh no. Before I could react his hands were back on my shoulders and he was pushing down. Not knowing what to do, I submitted and went to my knees. He moved around in front of me and my face was eye level with his crotch.
"I don't know about this," I said, unconvincingly. My mind was racing. My heart was pounding. I was terrified, disgusted, and... excited? My dick was hard. Why was my dick hard?
I watched as he pushed his hand into his pants and pulled out his hard cock. It was big. Bigger than mine. And it was staring me right in the face.
"You know what to do, Cora," he said. I did. I didn't want to but I knew I had to. I wanted to help Sam, and who knows what would happen to me if I said no? To Sam?
"I know," I said and I grabbed his cock and put it in my mouth. I thought I would be repulsed, but for some reason it felt good to taste his cock. It was so warm and smooth. It wasn't bad at all.
"That's it," he said. "Suck it good."
I did what I thought I always wanted a girl to do to me, what I had seen online in porn movies. I stroked his cock with my hand and licked under the head with my tongue. Whatever I was doing must have been working, because his groans were getting louder.
"That's fucking great," he said, assuring me.
Underneath my skirt my own dick was rock hard and I wished I could stroke it, but I thought I better leave it alone for now.
"I'm going to cum soon. Want me to cum on your face?" he asked. No. He couldn't do that. My makeup would smear. That could give me away. I didn't know what to do. Then it hit me...
"Cum in my mouth," I told him. "I'll swallow it." Did I really just say that?
"Oh fuck yeah!" he said. It was all I could think of. And just then, I felt the eruption in my mouth. A huge splatter of cum hit me in the back of my throat, and the rest emptied onto my tongue.
It tasted... good? Oh no! Was I gay? I was enjoying this. I even liked the taste of the cum, which I immediately swallowed. I even kept sucking on his dick making sure he was properly drained. Was that crazy?
"You're amazing," he said and pulled out his cock. "Sam's in for sure."
And then he left, with me still on my knees in the bathroom. What an asshole, I thought.
\- - -
On the way home, Sam thanked me profusely. He didn't even know what I did, though. I was feeling weird. My hands were running over my thighs. I looked and felt like a girl. I was enjoying it. Something had happened to me.
"I hope I get in," he said. "That would be awesome."
"I don't think you have to worry about that," I told him.
"Why? What do you mean?" he asked, and I decided to tell him.
"Donovan came to see me in the bathroom."
"What? He did? What did he want?"
"He said if I gave him a blowjob you'd make it into the fraternity."
"What?" he almost swerved off the road when he heard that. "That's crazy!"
"I know."
"What did you do?"
"I was a good little girl," I said, feeling horny and sexy as hell.
"Oh my god! I can't believe you did that!"
"I can't believe it either," I said.
\- - -
"That's crazy, Cory," Sam said, nervously pacing around my parent's living room.
"Don't worry about it," I said, staring into the mirror. I was looking at myself. I was starting to love the way I looked. Was I really a girl this whole time? I felt great in this outfit. I felt like this was my natural appearance. I felt sexy and horny. I wanted to fuck. No. I wanted to be fucked! There was a difference now. What was happening to me?
"It's funny," Sam said. "I've never had a girlfriend. So I get a fake one, and she ends up giving a real blowjob to someone else. Crazy."
"Did you want a blowjob?" I asked, not even thinking. My mouth was watering.
"What?" he said. Stopping in his tracks.
"Do you want me to suck your dick? I can if you want me to."
"What? You're a guy," Sam reminded me. "I'm not gay."
"Neither is Donovan," I said.
"But he didn't know."
"You said I looked like a girl earlier. You said I was hot. And you weren't kidding when you said you were going to jerk off to me. I saw you eyeing me. You were taking mental inventory."
"Okay, but fantasies are much different than reality. I mean, you do look hot, but..."
"But what?"
"Do you want to suck my dick?" he asked.
"Only if you want me to," I said, walking toward him. I looked down and could see the bulge in his pants. He was hard. he wanted it. "I will if you want me to."
"But you're my friend. You're Cory," he said.
"No I'm not. I'm Cora," I told him and dropped to my knees. Without asking, I unzipped his fly and pulled out his cock. It was smaller than Donovan's. About average size, but I didn't care. I wanted it in my mouth. I wanted to taste his cum and swallow it just like before.
"Oh my god," he said.
"Just relax," I told him and I wrapped my lips around the shaft of his cock, pushing my tongue underneath the head. He shuddered when I did it.
"I'm going to cum," he yelled. Already, I thought? Wow. He must be really excited.
I wrapped my lips tight around the head of his cock and I stroked out the cum. Blast after blast exploded in my wanting mouth. There was so much. I swallowed three times and still my mouth felt full of his salty cum. I swallowed the last of it and could feel it all ooze down my throat.
"Oh my god, Cory, I mean Cora," he said. "That was amazing."
"You're welcome," I said.
Sam left. I'd never seen him so happy. I sat on the couch and contemplated the events in my head. I was still dressed like a girl and I had swallowed two different loads of cum. All firsts.
I decided then and there that it wouldn't be my last.