It was his fault. He had been in charge of the away team. Wesley shouldn’t have even been on the planet, but there were teens his age there, and Will had, against his better judgment, allowed Wesley to beam down with them.

So it was his fault that Wesley was laying in front of him on a biobed. He had been forced to watch, had been helpless to stop it. There had been so much blood when he carried Wesley to sickbay.

For the most part, the knife wounds had been shallow. There were only a few that had given Beverly trouble, but they were the reason that Wesley was still laying here on the biobed, still out because of the meds that had been given to him.

Will hadn’t left sickbay since he had brought in Wesley, and he’d been sitting beside him as soon as Beverly had allowed it. It wasn’t odd for him to be here like this. The crew understood. He placed the blame on himself and he needed to see for himself that Wesley would be all right.

Why did it have to be Wesley? He was still just a kid. He didn’t deserve this. Will had come to really care for Wesley. He treasured whatever it was that they had. He loved the nights Wesley sneaked into his quarters, he loved when they were able to meet up for lunch together; really, he just loved any time that he could get with Wesley.

“It’s not your fault, Will.” Will jumped.

“Jesus, Wes. How long have you been watching me?”

“Long enough to know that you’ve been sitting here blaming yourself.”

“But it is my fa-“

“No. It’s not.” Will sighed. He didn’t want to get into this now with Wesley, not when he was finally awake.

“How are you feeling?”

“Better than you, it would seem.”

“I should probably go let your mother know that you’re awake.”

“Not yet, Will. I just want a few minutes with you. Please.” Will looked down at Wesley’s wide, pleading eyes. How could he possibly say no to that?

“Yeah, okay Wes.” Wesley smiled and took Will’s hand. He sighed and closed his eyes. He looked so fragile lying there. Will looked around and seeing no one, leaned down and pressed a quick kiss to Wesley’s lips. Wesley opened his eyes and smiled up at Will.

“Thanks Will.” For the first time since the whole ordeal had begun, Will smiled. He knew that Wesley appreciated that little bit of affection in public. He knew that Wesley knew what he was risking by doing that.

“I’m going to go get your mother now.” Wesley nodded at him, so he headed to Beverly’s office and told her that Wesley was awake. Instead of going back to Wesley, he headed off to his quarters. He still had Wesley’s blood on him. He was in desperate need of a shower. And a nap.

********

He woke up to kisses being placed along his jaw. He felt a slender body wrap itself around him. His sleep addled brain was having a hard time figuring out what was going on. He had only just settled down for a nap, hadn’t he?

“Wes, what are you doing here?”

“I thought you would want me in your bed tonight.” Wesley had pulled back. He looked hurt.

“No, baby, that’s not what I meant. What time is it?” Wesley chuckled.

“It’s late. Baby?”

“What?”

“You called me baby.”

“Oh. I did, didn’t I. Does it bother you?”

“No.”

“Then quit being a brat.”

“Sounds like you’re feeling better. You’re not still blaming yourself, are you?”

“Wes, it’s not that simple. If I had trusted my gut and not let you on that planet, you wouldn’t have gotten hurt.”

“Yes, but if not me, then it could have been someone else.”

“They all know what they signed up for.”

“Will, if it had been someone else, would you have been as upset?”

“I would’ve still blamed myself, but no, probably not as upset.”

“Is it because of how young I am, or because of what we are?”

“Both.”

“I’m not that young, you know.” Will chuckled.

“Yeah, I know.” He kissed Wesley then, slow and sweet, very aware of how much emotion he was pouring into that kiss, but not really caring. His feelings for Wesley were probably stronger than they should be. He didn’t care.

“Now, go back to sleep, Will,” said Wesley when Will had finally let him go. He tucked his head against Will’s neck, and Will held him just a little tighter. Wesley was safe and whole, and he was in Will’s arms, right where he should be.