"And occasionally, an absolute pain in the ass."

George whirled to see Jay standing on the balcony railing, leaning against the hotel wall. He blew smoke out into the air, pushed off the wall, and--despite the combat boots he was wearing--walked the railing for a few steps with ease before hopping down and grinding out his cigarette next to the others in the ashtray.

He was still wearing just a tank and jeans, but he circled her in the cold air. "Don't you look good."

"Better than you expected?" She was snide.

Jay snorted, and grinned at Yoochun. "I'd say she's got that down perfectly."

"Don't tease her," Yoochun chided Jay once again. "Imagine if he'd done this to you."

Jay laughed and flopped into one of the chairs. Fingered Junsu's bottle of beer. "Oh believe me. I've imagined." His grin was lurid, and George turned back to Yoochun.

"You've got to be kidding me." She flung a hand at Jay. "He's your angel?"

Jay spit out the mouthful of beer he'd taken, spraying her robe. "You told her I was an angel?!" He doubled over with laughter.

Yoochun scowled at Jay, then sighed. "I figured that would be the easiest thing to associate with your worldview," he told her. He reached for his bag, resting in one of the other chairs, and handed it to her. "Junsu's clothes," he said awkwardly. "If you need help..." Yoochun trailed off.

"I'll know who not to ask," she directed at Jay, and headed in to a bedroom to see what a rock star/god's wardrobe looked like.

It was surprisingly ordinary. Except for the whole colorless-scheme. She put on black silk boxers, black jeans, black button-down, and black boots to match. It was the pile of jewelry that she had no idea about. George rummaged in the bag and found a brush, sweeping Junsu's hair over to the side, like she'd seen him wearing it. She checked herself in a mirror, decided that was good enough, and took the bag back out to Yoochun.

Jay whistled at her when she stepped back out onto the balcony. She made a face at him, and he grinned again. Yoochun dug back into the bag for the jewelry.

"Hold out your hands," he said, and she splayed her fingers in front of him. Ring by ring, piece by piece, Yoochun put Junsu's jewelry where it belonged. She was impressed at how easily he put the earrings in. Her mother had always told her she pinched when George tried to help her with them.

Jay came over and started messing with her hair. "Seriously?" she asked him, batting at his hands.

He caught and held them, said with utter solemnity, "Seriously."

"Let him win this one," Yoochun suggested. "Always let him win when it comes to hair."

Finally Jay finished up with her, and they both seemed to be satisfied with how she looked as Junsu. The clock in the suite chimed one o'clock.

"We should be going," Yoochun said. "It's going to be a long night still."

"What could possibly happen?" George asked. "I mean, that I should care about." They were watching her with blank faces. She looked between them. "Gravelings take the day off, right?"

She watched Yoochun and Jay exchange very unnerving glances. "No," came Yoochun's quiet reply. "They take the day off when it comes to the living."

"So?" The looks continued.

"So, today is about the dead," Yoochun began. She still wasn't getting it.

"And you happen to be dead, wearing the skin of a god," Jay said blithely. "Wonder who they'll go after?"

You gotta be fuckin' kidding me.

"You gotta be fuckin' kidding me," she spit out. "I'm goddamn bait?" She remembered the War-Bound gravelings very clearly, and it made her shudder.

"Yep," Jay grinned.

"No," Yoochun frowned. "Not exactly."

"Well, which is it, boys? Am I or am I not graveling bait?"

"They will come for you," Yoochun quickly confirmed. "But they will come for all of us."

"But not because I'm dead," Jay interjected with a smile.

"No, they just hate you on any given day," Yoochun said, and George could hear the fondness in his voice. He got back to the point. "You have the ability we need to protect ourselves and others while Junsu is gone."

"So I'm backup."

Yoochun hesitated, then, "Yeeess."

"For a god."

"Right."

George shrugged. "Alright, then. Let's get on with it." Yoochun looked surprised, but relieved. He picked up the bag and turned toward the door.

She started to go back inside with Yoochun, when Jay spoke. "Guys," he said in a very still voice. "We've got incoming." She turned back around, and saw Jay standing with his arms slightly outstretched, head tilted to the side, listening. The laughter was gone from his face; his eyes were dark, his profile angles and shadow.

George heard it in the moment Jay moved. A horrifying scream wailed through the night air, and suddenly everything was in slow motion. Jay took two steps, leaped from the back of a chair, and instead of falling, turned toward the sky and held in the air. There was a flash of light; there was a sword; and as Yoochun pulled her to the ground, there unfurled wings above them, sheltering the balcony.

Something enormous flew past the hotel building, and now Jay laughed, but the sound was laced with deadliness. George craned her neck to see beyond the wings that were both there and not there, sometime opaque, sometimes transparent.

"You need any help up there?" Yoochun called, wincing as the scream sounded again.

"Oh, I got this," Jay answered, and George could hear hunger in his voice.

"Jaejoong," Yoochun said with a little warning. But he could get nothing else out before there was blinding light, and the scream grew louder, riddled with fury. Jay shouted, and the sword seemed to resonate with his voice. A great blast of wind and light, and Yoochun covered her head, tucked himself around her even tighter, ducking his face into her neck and humming, of all things. George could feel something pass above them--shattering the glass of the balcony walls--and land with a thundering rumble that shook the building all around. There was a moment when all sound ceased, and then as fast as it had happened, it was over.

George opened her eyes to see...nothing. It was like being ripped out of a dream into the stillness of a darkened bedroom. There was no more light than that from inside the suite, no broken glass, no unusual sounds accompanying the city traffic. Yoochun shifted away from her, let her go, and she sat up in time to see Jaejoong flex his shoulders and refurl his wings, his back to her. There were tattoos on his skin that shimmered and rippled, swirled a little across his back before settling. His tank was in tatters.

Jaejoong still held the sword, and he sliced the remains of the ruined cloth off of his body, tossed them onto a chair. He turned, and George could see even more tattoos on his chest. Yoochun held out a new shirt without being asked. Jaejoong took it without a word.

George spotted blood. "Your hand," she pointed. There was a long gash over Jaejoong's knuckles.

He looked to where she pointed and smiled a sheepish grin. "No," he told her. "My cat did that."

She stared at him for a moment, then realized he was being serious. She started to laugh, and it came out in Junsu's voice, the same sound that had been able to draw her smile. The sound of the laughter made her laugh harder, and after a moment, Yoochun began to snicker as well.

Jaejoong slid the sword away into the air between his shoulders, and it drew a thin line of light before disappeaing. He smiled at her, a beautiful, perfect smile, and pulled on the shirt. "I'll see you both at home," he said, stepped up onto the balcony railing, into the air, and was gone.

"Home?" George asked, as she and Yoochun picked up her carry-on, and prepared to leave the hotel suite.

"Anywhere two or more of us are together." He smiled at her before pulling his sunglasses down over his eyes. "Which tonight happens to be a hotel in Taiwan." He led the way out of the hotel room to the elevator.

"Stay close to me," he cautioned as the car began to descend. "Keep moving. Don't touch anyone if you don't have to, and don't let anyone touch you. Security will do the rest."

"You sound more concerned about this than battling forces of evil."

"Trust me," he said with a knowing smile, "In a minute, you'll understand why."

Yoochun had sent a text message just before they left the room so security would know to expect them. Four men in suit jackets loomed outside as the elevator doors opened, and Yoochun gave her a nod. It was like watching someone put on a mask. The easiness that he'd moved with in the hall, spoken with in the elevator was gone, replaced by a virtual shield that he wore well. George tried to follow exactly the way he moved across the lobby, but soon found this to be a task far more difficult than she'd imagined.

There were screams and shouts with every step either of them took. Girls with tears running down their cheeks, the movement of banners, arms reaching for just a touch. And over and above it all, the constant, unreal pop of camera flash.

George found she could control the level and type of noise from the crowd just with one small movement. She bit her lip in concentration, and girls swooned. She frowned and there was cooing. She flipped Junsu's long fringe over her eyes and people screamed. But nothing prepared her for what happened as she leaned close to Yoochun when they reached the car parked just outside the hotel doors.

"You do this everyday?" she whispered, mouth near his ear, hand on his arm as they waited for security to get the car doors open, after passing off her luggage to the driver. The crowd literally exploded, causing George to jump.

Yoochun smiled, and the explosion climbed. "I think you just made news," he whispered back, turning and sliding into the car. George followed him in, and the door shut quickly, muffling the noise.

George looked from the cheering, devoted fans back to Yoochun. "What the hell did I do?" she asked.

Yoochun was typing into his phone. "You spoke to me in public." He hit a button, and put the phone down, looked up at her. "We're rather popular as a couple."

Something about the way Yoochun had been looking at her all night clicked into place. "Oh," she said. Because at that moment she couldn't think of anything else to say to that.

"So are Junsu and Jaejoong," he added.

She was catching on. "And you and Jaejoong?"

He smiled at her, something sad in it. "For some. He's really my best friend."

"He's really a little insane," she told him.

More of that same sad smile. "Aren't we all," he murmured, and they were quiet the rest of the drive to the other hotel.

It was a scene even bigger than the one they'd just been through, but this hotel wasn't allowing anyone but guests into the lobby, so it was an easier trip from the car in to the elevator. Still, it seemed that most of the guests were fans as well, and there were plenty of flash pops to accompany them.

Two of the security guards rode up in the elevator car with them. When they reached their floor, the two men said goodnight, and Yoochun led her to a room far from the elevators. He produced a keycard, swiped it, and handed it to her, motioning for her to go inside.

George gave him a panicked look. "Aren't you--?"

Yoochun smiled. "Don't worry," he said, and walked to the next door down. "We have ajoining rooms."

The door was already open between the two rooms. George shut the door to the hall and left her carry-on beside it. Yoochun was closing the curtains in his room, so she crossed the room to do the same. Junsu's luggage was open, but things were scattered around in fairly tidy piles. There was a laptop and headphones next to the phone, several pairs of shoes under the desk, various and sundry toiletries and makeup. The huge bed had already been slept in, and a discarded towel was slung over one chair. She pulled the curtains shut, and sat down to take off Junsu's boots.

Yoochun appeared in the doorway. "Do you eat?" he asked, thumbing through a couple of menus.

"I eat," she confirmed, rubbing her feet. "And tonight, I damn well better drink too."

"Mini-bar," Yoochun pointed.

"Wonderful." George went over and opened the refridgerator, saw that nothing was missing. "What's Junsu's usual poison?" she asked.

"Jack," Yoochun answered, typing into his phone again. "But he never orders it in public."

She pulled out three tiny bottles and shut the fridge. "Let me guess. It's an image thing."

Yoochun grinned up at her. "Nah. He's just cheap. If he doesn't drink in public, he doesn't end up paying for anyone else's round."

George snorted, and opened one of the bottles, "Remind me to run up a damn big bill just before he comes back tomorrow."

Yoochun was quiet while she took a gulp.

"Park Yoochun," she said into that quiet, taking a seat on the bed.

"Yoochun," he told her. "Or Micky."

George nodded, expecting the first. "Micky," she tried out, and took another drink.

He lowered his head, and came to sit down across from her, putting the menus down with his phone.

"I know who you are, George," he started. "It took us time to find you."

She tilted her head, forced him to met her eyes. "Where's Junsu gone, Yoochun?"

He couldn't hold her gaze. His eyes closed, and she swore he was listening. Finally he whispered, "He's gone into the pit. To the place between death and eternal suffering."

MY. GOD.

"But, why?" she asked, reaching a hand to his. Yoochun flinched, and she went for his face, cupping his jaw. He looked up at her wide-eyed.

"Please, don't," he whispered.

"No," she refused, keeping her hand where it was. "Your lover, a god, has gone into hell." Yoochun was trembling under her touch. "On the day every other lost soul is clawing their way out."

He grabbed her fingers, held tightly. "We lost one of us," he breathed. "Our youngest." He squeezed her hand, pressed it against his mouth. "He was taken from us, and Junsu's gone to get him back."