Winters were long in Santa Ria but - on the bright side - spring was fairly short. Once the ground had thawed enough for the first new green shoots of life to push through, time seemed to accelerate. The snow melted away in drips and splashes, and finally in streams that swelled the river and left behind a lush spread of thick sweet grass. The sky turned from grey to blue, and the sun from white to yellow; and only eight weeks after Christmas the first of the lambs was born.

As soon as the snow was gone, it signalled a return to business as usual for the village. There were new crops to be sown, birthings to be attended to, and fresh meat to be found. 

Lister walked into the farmyard one morning and found Jason standing in the centre of a tornado of feathers. He had a basket full of corn under one arm and was tossing handfuls of it to the excited hens around his feet. Scurrying among the fat brown birds were several balls of yellow fluff. Jason saw him and smiled, “Esmerelda and Letty hatched their chicks! We’ve got six new mouths to feed!”

“Awwww!” Lister squatted down to look at them. He’d never seen real chicks up close before, “They’re so cute!” He reached out a tentative finger to stroke one tiny soft head. “Yeah, well, it’s our job to fatten them up and make sure they’re tasty too,” Jason grinned. 

Lister shook his head, “Don’t make me think about that right now.”

“You’re still a soft city boy at heart, aren’t you, Dave?”

“‘Fraid so.”

Jason emptied out the last of the corn and jerked his head towards the barn, “Come on. We’ve got ploughing to do today; and it’s going to be a long sweaty job. Better get started.”

“Hooray,” Lister said, without much enthusiasm. He stood up and hesitated.

“What’s wrong?”

“I don’t want to step on them,” he said awkwardly, gesturing to the tiny birds running round his feet. 

“Don’t worry, they’ll get out of your way if you move. You’re not going to squash them. They might be chickens, but they’re not that stupid.” Sure enough, they scattered as soon as Lister took a cautious step forward.

Inside, Richard was harnessing Jingles – their biggest horse – to the plough. Adam was hauling open the massive doors at the other end of the barn. Lister went over to help him while the other two saw to the horse. “Looks like being a long day today,” he remarked as they propped the doors open.

“You’re not kidding,” Adam said grimly. He gestured to some large heavy sacks, “See those? That’s how much seed we’ve got to get sown today.” Lister lifted one experimentally and weighed it in his hands. His face fell, “Ah, crap.”

“You said it. Trust me, mate, you’re gonna sleep tonight.”

“Right,” Richard clapped his hands and they gathered round, “Let’s get on with it then. As the oldest and most experienced of the team, I get the privilege of leading the horse while you bastards lug the sacks.” They groaned but he held up a hand to silence them, “Sorry, but that’s the tradition. I’d like to make an exception, I really would, but I don’t feel it’s my place to question such a long-standing precedent. Now let’s get on with it.”

Muttering under their breath, Lister and Adam grabbed their sacks and heaved them up onto their backs. Jason grabbed his and swung it up one-handed over his shoulder. He winked at them and sauntered out. They glared at him, then turned to face each other, “You know, sometimes,” Adam said conversationally, “I really, really hate him.” They trudged out.