By the time Hotch had been released, it was too late for Dave and Derek to check out of the hotel room, even though with Foyet caught, there was no need for it. Dave convinced Aaron to take it, since it was being paid for by the Bureau anyway. Dave and Derek both offered to stay with Aaron, but he waved them both off, saying he would be fine alone.

Dave was still fuming about it when he and Derek walked out of the lobby with their bags. "He isn't Superman," he grumbled. "He always used to talk to me about shit like this. We'd sit in his office and drink tea, or sometimes we'd sit in his apartment and drink bourbon. He never said much, but it was enough, you know?"

Derek nodded. "Enough to get it off his chest. Enough to let him know you understood."

"Exactly. Now he's just being stubborn. Damn it."

"Hang on," Derek said, pulling out his phone. "I got an idea." He hit a speed dial and held the phone to his ear. "Pretty boy," he said. "Dave and I are clearing out of the hotel, but to be honest, I think Hotch could use some company." He listened for a moment, while a fierce grin spread across Dave's face. Oh yeah, that was perfect. "Sure," Derek said. "And a six-pack of Bud. Nah, trust me on that. Besides, Dave and I already emptied the minibar." He laughed and hung up.

"Perfect," Dave said. "He'll push us out because he needs to be strong. But Reid doesn't require strength from anyone. He requires honesty."

Derek nodded. "And honestly, Hotch has a real big soft spot for Reid. He'd never want to hurt Reid's feelings, so he won't push him out."

"Good," Dave said. He glanced over at Derek. "I like the way you think."

Derek grinned back at him. "Good to know," he said. "Let's get outta here."

Derek agreed to leave his bike in the hotel lot and let Dave drop him off at home. Dave hoped it would give them a chance to talk some things through. Maybe Derek would even allow himself to be talked into dinner somewhere. Even if it was just pizza and beer.

Of course, when they got to Derek's house, they discovered an obstacle that his doors hadn't been replaced. With a sigh, Derek shook his head. "Gotta love the security around here. I'd better hope my stereo's still in place."

As it turned out, the broken doors were secured--too well. They were padlocked shut, and neither Derek nor Dave had the keys. Returning to the hotel was out, since they'd sent Reid there and Derek didn't want to take the flack for that tonight, so it wasn't difficult for Dave to convince him to come home with him.

After bickering with Derek over toppings, Dave called in a pizza to the little Mom and Pop place by his house. They stopped at a convenience store to pick up a six-pack of Heineken for Derek and Budweiser for Dave. Then they picked up the pizza and headed to Dave's.

He'd offered Derek the spare bedroom, but Derek had given him an inscrutable look and said it wouldn't be necessary. Dave wasn't sure what he was supposed to read from that look. He wasn't going to just assume anything, not after the nightmares last night. Still, it was nice to know Derek wanted this too.

Mucci came running eagerly when they got back. Dave had a dog-walking service, but it was nice to know his dog missed him.

"Hey, I didn't know you had a dog," Derek said. "Hey, boy, how's it going? You miss your dad?" He crouched down and held out a hand, and Mucci hit him so hard he bowled him over.

Dave burst out laughing. "He can be overly friendly," he said, and held out a hand to help Derek up. "Mucci, down!" Mucci obediently backed away from Derek, giving Dave room to pull Derek back to his feet. "Sorry about that," Dave said, but Derek was grinning faintly.

"He takes commands better than Clooney, that's for sure," he said. "At least he seems to like me."

Dave grinned back at him. "Come on, let's get to work on that pizza."

They sat in the living room to eat. Dave had a feeling they both needed to relax a little while they ate. The conversation they needed to have could come later. Hell, he wasn't sure if they needed to have it tonight at all. Then again, Derek had said they could share a bed tonight. He had to know Dave would want to talk about it first.

Dave flicked on the TV and surfed to a Cubs game while Derek opened the pizza box and breadsticks. They demolished the food in a lazy sort of way, sitting next to each other on the couch. When Dave got up to get a second beer, he brought one for Derek too, and their fingers brushed, sending a shiver of desire through him. He heard Derek suck in a breath. After a moment Derek shifted a little closer on the couch.

"I think we need to talk about some things," Dave said slowly. "Before we take this much further."

Derek sighed. "I assume you mean the nightmares." He didn't pause longer than a heartbeat before he cleared his throat. "You've probably figured it out already."

"I'd rather hear it from you," Dave said. It would be nice to know Derek trusted him with that information. But he wasn't going to force it out of him.

Derek nodded. "I was pretty young. Thirteen when it started. Sixteen when I finally said no." He made a disgusted noise. "Seventeen when I finally made him take no for an answer." He popped open his beer and took a long drink. "His name was Carl Buford."

Dave wished he knew what to say. He'd like to kill the sonofabitch who'd done it, but he wasn't even sure he had the right to feel that way. Derek wasn't the sort of guy who liked letting someone else do the protecting.

"He ran the local youth center," Derek continued. His words were slow, every one sounding carefully chosen. "He got me off the streets, pulled me away from the bangers I'd been hanging around with." He shook his head. "He saved my life."

"At the price of your childhood," Dave said hoarsely. He hoped it wasn't a mistake to speak.

Derek shook his head. "I dunno, man. Maybe I lost my childhood back when I was ten and saw my dad shot in front of me. Maybe I used it the first time Rodney looked at me and said I'd make a good errand boy." He sighed. "Anyway. It was a long time ago."

"But it shaped who you are today," Dave said. "You grew up and dedicated your life to protecting people who couldn't protect themselves."

"I took a roadblock and turned it into a stepping stone to something better." Derek glanced over at him. "You think I don't know all the pop psychology lingo, Dave?"

Dave snorted. "I know you know it. But just because it's pop psychology doesn't mean it's necessarily wrong."

Derek shook his head. "I just try not to spend my time thinking about him any more," he said. "I've dealt with him. Carl's in jail, and he'll spend the rest of his life there. I'm not going to spend the rest of my life in a mental prison because of him."

Dave nodded slowly. "I don't want to be a reminder of the worst thing that's happened to you."

"You think that's the worst?" Derek shrugged. "I don't know if it is. I think seeing my dad shot was the worst. Nothing else even came close." He sighed. "Dave, I don't want to overthink it, and I'd rather you not overthink it, either. I'm not sayin' everything's gonna be perfect, but can't we just go with it and see what happens?"

Dave studied Derek's face, taking in the gorgeous smooth lines of his jaw and the inquisitive curve of his eyebrows. "Yeah," he said. "We can."

Derek nodded, then leaned in and kissed Dave slowly. It was a different sort of kiss than any they'd yet shared, and Dave moaned quietly, then slid an arm around Derek, turning to face him better. He loved the strength and tension in Derek's body against his. When Derek pulled back, he met Dave's eyes, a hesitant expression on his face.

"Dave, I want you to have me," he murmured. "I...I've never been like this with anyone, but... I trust you."

Dave's heart melted at those words. He lifted his free hand to trace Derek's cheekbone. "You can always trust me, Derek," he said. "I'll never give you any reason to doubt me."

Derek nodded almost imperceptibly and leaned in for another kiss. "Let's go to bed," he murmured, curling his fingers around Dave's.

They kissed and touched all the way down the hall, and Derek felt like he'd drunk an entire case of beers instead of just two. There was something intoxicating about the way Dave touched him, like it was a privilege to get this close. It was strange; sex had always been about having fun or blowing off steam for Derek. It had never been about emotions or tenderness. Suddenly that's exactly what this was, and he had to admit, it was the best thing he'd ever felt.

When they got to the bedroom, Dave pressed him against the wall, kissing him hungrily. His hands were under Derek's shirt, stroking his stomach lightly. When he pulled away, he took Derek's shirt with him, tugging it over his head in a smooth motion. Derek grinned and reached out for Dave's shirt, unbuttoning it just enough to pull it off.

By the time they made it to the bed, they were both naked. Dave pulled Derek close again, slipping a thigh between Derek's legs and gripping his ass. It sent a pulse of lust through Derek, and he moaned, rubbing against Dave. It seemed strange for a guy so obsessed with fitness, but he liked Dave's middle-aged body, the slight rounding of his belly and the thickening of his waist. Dave's arms were still strong, and his hands felt damn good as they massaged Derek's ass and stroked up his back.

God, he couldn't remember ever feeling like this before. The first time they'd fucked, it had been purely need driven and almost as angry as it was sexy. Now, there was care in every motion, even the ones that sent spikes of pleasure and need through him. They were on the bed without Derek noticing how they'd got there, and he arched up against Dave, his fingers in Dave's hair as they kissed.

When Dave's hands slid down to prepare him, Derek didn't feel any need to tense up. He just whimpered and shifted to give Dave better access, welcoming Dave with his body as well as his mind. He trusted Dave, so he could give himself fully to the sensations Dave was sending through him. He didn't have to be in control, because Dave was.

Dave's hand was on Derek's dick when he pushed inside. Derek cried out, tensing briefly, then forcing himself to relax. He wasn't used to it, but there was as much pleasure as there was discomfort, and he wanted to enjoy it. His fingers dug into Dave's shoulders as Dave kissed down his throat, giving him time to adjust. He was whispering between his kisses, but Derek couldn't really hear the words. The tone was warm and comforting, though, and he sighed and gave himself up to the feeling.

They moved together, slowly at first. Dave's lips were gentle on Derek's, but his hand was firm as he stroked Derek. Soon their movements gained in urgency as pleasure built between them. Derek was crying out with every thrust, his body tensing with need. Dave's lips were everywhere, against his jaw, on his throat, skating across his shoulders. Derek gasped his name, feeling sweat trickle between them down his stomach. God, this was perfect. This was everything he hadn't realized he was missing.

Dave whispered something, then he was tensing and going still over Derek as he came. Derek stroked his hands along Dave's sides and down his back, enjoying the feel of his muscles. When Dave recovered, he stroked Derek to completion, his lips swallowing Derek's cry as he came.

Afterwards they slumped together, breathless and sticky-sated, and Derek stroked his fingers slowly through Dave's hair while Dave pressed lazy kisses against his shoulder. It shouldn't feel this comfortable after the way they'd always fought. But it did. It felt right.

Derek's last thought before he fell asleep was, How am I gonna explain this to Mama?