Tia's Game
by TailWeaver
Copyright© 2021 by TailWeaver

Chapter 22: Not Just a Game Anymore

After her exposure in front of her closest friends, thanks to Katie’s surprise revelation and her own admittedly perverse private desires, Tia found herself increasingly unfazed by mere nudity. The morning after the wild slumber party activities, Tia was moving around Katie’s kitchen, helping everyone get something to eat, even chatting with Katie’s mother, never bothering to get dressed. As it turned out, the only time she had worn clothing over the last few days had been during the walk home from Katie’s, and when she went to school. At home she had stopped bothering with clothes altogether, and rather than keeping her nude excursions in the lower part of the house to a certain infrequency, she simply stopped wearing anything at home. At all. The first night, it was like no one really noticed. When she came down to dinner naked a second time in a row, her nudity simply garnered a couple of startled looks, but by the third night, even her dad had stopped looking away so frequently. The boys were perfectly well behaved when their parents were anywhere near, but she could tell by their looks, and the secretive touches when possible, that they were enjoying the culmination of the rule Tim and Thomas had put in place so many weeks ago.

Dinner time cleanup remained an enjoyable, if somewhat rushed, chance for something more than a glance or touch. Tia became quite adept at quickly sucking on one of her brother’s pricks, or turning and letting them slide their fingers inside of her, even making her cum one night. Sneaking off to the bathroom to clean up had put an embarrassed blush on her face, though she decided the risk had most definitely been worth it.

The first time she came down to breakfast without getting dressed for school first, her mother had tsk’d and merely reminded her she had to hurry and eat if she was going to wait to get dressed. As she ate her cereal, she smiled at her brothers impishly, her legs secretly squeezing together over and over, hidden by the table.

All in all, her daily routine had continued to keep her constantly on edge, and more than ready for the weekend when they would be free to play without interruption.

Katie had been a little mysterious this morning. As soon as Tia had shown up at her house to walk to school, she had been quite animated, promising a surprise task for Tia to celebrate Game Night Friday. She made a point of teasing her about the upcoming evening with her brothers, making sure, more than once, that Tia’s parents were still planning on going out. After repeated assurances from Tia, and an equal number of pleading inquiries as to what Katie had in mind, they had parted for their first class with Katie’s one clue bouncing around in Tia’s head.

“Today, the task is not for you to bring me your panties. Just wait in the stall and have your phone.”

Tia’s mind raced, trying to figure out what Katie was up to. She was always a little nervous around her blonde friend since Katie’s imagination was quite a bit different from her own. At home, she was able to ensure that the games the boys did lined up with her own ideas, either by suggestion or careful story selection in her journal. Katie’s weren’t bad necessarily, they were just different. Time and time again, Tia had been surprised by what Katie had made her do ... stripping in the entryway or even in Katie’s backyard merely being the latest crazy idea. Even when they ran into each other before third period Katie would not divulge a thing about what she had planned for her. It wasn’t until Tia was obediently waiting in a stall that she found out what Katie had in mind. Her phone vibrated, showing an incoming message without advertising the fact she had her phone out of her locker.

“Ready? Tee-Tee?”

“Yes. Miss Katie.”

“Such a good girl.”

“Hand over not just your panties, but I want everything you are wearing. Except for your sandals. And phone. Keep your phone. I’m in the next stall. Shhhhh”

Looking down, Tia could see a brief wave of fingers and she debated long and hard before the answering tingle in her already aroused pussy decided for her.

Quickly reaching down and pulling her shirt up and over her head, she leaned down and quietly held her shirt down low, stifling her gasp of startlement when it was abruptly pulled away. Pausing a moment, surprised at what she was doing, but increasingly excited. She reached back and quickly undid her bra, the pastel cups falling from her breasts as she pulled it forward and leaned down to hold it near the opening

Trembling now that her partial nudity was making her more and more excited. Tia quieted her nerves and stood up. She deftly undid the snap of her shorts before she could overthink what she was doing and pushed her shorts and panties down over her bum in one swift motion. The sound of someone moving into the stall on the other side made her freeze in place, slowly sitting down and pausing her clothing removal. An incessant wave of fingers down low made her once again slide her shorts down. Moving slowly, not wanting to broadcast what she was doing, she slowly lifted the foot nearest the unknown person’s stall fist, sliding her shorts and underwear over her foot, before putting it back down and catching her breath. Nearly nude now, unable to truly cover up if she had to, Tia felt a rush of danger-tinged arousal flood her body as she lifted her other foot and finally pulled the last bit of clothing from her body. With a steadiness that betrayed her nervousness, she slowly lowered her shorts along the wall of the stall until they too were pulled away, and she was left naked and quite disturbed atop the commode.

‘Now what?’ she wondered, only for a moment, her phone vibrating again.

“Well? Are you going to take off your clothes? I’m not waiting for the whole period, I want to eat!”

Tia froze, suddenly scared into complete immobility. ’ Katie had to be teasing, right?’ She told herself, though she was not completely convinced.

“Hah. Got ya. Caitlyn is next to you, she’s got them. I wish I coulda seen your face!”

Tia felt herself flush with relief, though Katie’s next message set her nerves jangling again.

“This time, the task is not just giving me your panties or your clothes. Tee-Tee needs to cum. Three times. And snap us a delightful picture after each one. Then, and only then, will you get your clothes back! Have fun. Tee-Tee!”

Tia groaned, staring at the phone in shock. Masturbating was not that horrendous of a task, not after what she’d been doing this week, but three times? During one lunch hour? She was not sure if she could. Taking a picture each time was only going to make it more embarrassing, and she flushed as she realized just how well Katie understood some of her secret desires.

Tia could hear a couple of girls chatting about the weekend as they touched up their makeup at the mirrors in the bathroom, and as she pictured them watching her, shocked but turned on, she felt her arousal resume its gentle waves of heat, making her body tingle in that way she loved. Spreading her legs, she stared through the closed door of her stall towards where the girls stood at the sinks and began to play with herself, imagining all sorts of naughty things and making herself squirm with need. Tia felt herself getting worked up, and the more she thought about how she was completely nude, playing with herself while unsuspecting others were just on the other side of her stall door, the more aroused she got. Her fingers flying in a circle around her clit, she leaned back, daring someone to see her with legs spread and furiously drove herself to cum while staying completely silent, clamping her lips shut firmly as she rode the wave of pleasure. Slowly coming down, she gently rubbed herself a couple of times before picking up the phone from where she’d set it atop the paper dispenser.

Tia bit her lip, looking at the screen of her phone in camera mode, adjusting the angle until she could see herself. Holding the phone out, she put her free hand over her pubic hair and carefully took a pic. It was not the best of selfies, she thought, but it made it clear that Tia was still naked in the bathroom, and she thought she looked a little flushed and aroused. Her nipples were quite obviously hard, she noticed as she looked over the picture. Feeling like she was crossing another one of those lines, she sent a message to Katie, attaching the snapshot.

“1... :)”

Knowing she had to make herself cum a couple more times, and rather quickly, Tia put her phone down and started to play again, her body slower to react. She was almost irritated with her fingers at first, as if she would not enjoy this. Not wanting to admit defeat, and not exactly sure what Katie’s consequences might be (she did not think Katie would honestly leave her naked in the bathroom), Tia closed her eyes and tried to think of something sexy. She let her mind bounce from thought to thought, from image to image, until she latched on to trying to imagine what her brothers might do this evening. As she pictured herself tied up and being played with by all three of them, she again felt herself becoming aroused. She chased that feeling hard, keeping up her touches, keeping up her imagery until she felt herself nearing a second peak.

Tia could hear more girls coming in and out, some using the stalls on either side of her, some just combing hair or messing with their makeup at the line of sinks. She kept getting distracted, thinking about the bathroom and not what might happen that evening, and she had to keep closing her eyes tight and forcing herself to think about the naughtiest things she could think of. Being tied up. The boys sliding a banana, or a cucumber, inside of her while she sucked on one of them. Their hands everywhere. Finally, the world outside her imagination faded away again and she felt her body climbing towards orgasm. Pressing hard, she pushed her body to react, pinching her clit hard between her fingers until she came a second time, barely remembering to clamp down her jaw, holding back her gasps of pleasure. She was still quivering when she opened her eyes and grabbed her phone again, stopping to read the message Katie had already sent in reply.

“Nice and nakey! But we want to see how wet you are. If you want it to count, be a bit more up close and personal!”

Tia swallowed nervously. Though she was not that embarrassed about her nakedness, taking a picture of herself all wet and messy between her legs was rather more lewd than she had ever imagined being. At least before the last few weeks. Tia kept her legs spread, straddling the commode, and carefully centered her wet sex in the camera frame before clicking away. Taking two just to be sure. She looked at the snap, blushing at how lewd it was - though from the closeup who’s to say who’s pussy it was. She quickly sent another message and sat back, slowly stroking herself to work herself up again.

“2”

Tia closed her eyes and fantasized again, trying to get herself back to that pleasant spot. She felt good, and her fingers felt good, but not ‘that’ good. She could tell time was passing, but she kept on touching herself, letting her fingers slide down and inside of her from time to time, spreading her wetness all up and down her slit, making her clit all slippery.

Her phone’s vibration distracted her, and she debated about just ignoring it, but she decided to check it and see, maybe too much time was passing and Katie was giving her a reprieve.

This time it was not from Katie, but rather it was from Jasmine.

“I have your clothes, when you are done!”

Tia looked down and saw Jasmine’s darker-skinned hand waving beneath the bottom of the stall wall, and she realized she was sitting next to her, knowing just what Tia was doing in the girls’ bathroom. Touching herself, knowing Jasmine was there, was a little different and Tia imagined all sorts of things with her and Jasmine, further inflaming her arousal. Her mind went back to the previous weekend, reliving all the things that Jasmine had done that no one else had, and she quickly felt her body respond, even though she’d already cum twice in a short amount of time. Closing her eyes and picturing Jasmine, naked and sweet, was all it took for her to begin to feel it, to really feel her body respond, and the waves of pleasure that hit her were exquisite. A bit painful, her muscles aching and straining, but very enjoyable as she gave in to another shuddering orgasm, her fingers moving wetly in and out of herself, pressing and sliding along her clit.

Tia sat up, shuddering, oddly proud of herself for doing the task. Forced to masturbate to orgasm three times in a row was something she never would have thought of, and doing it at school was definitely a Katie type of thing. But she was still proud she had done it. She wiped her sticky fingers on her bare thigh and grabbed her phone again, looking down and seeing how red and engorged her sex looked. As she lined up the camera, she saw another message come in from Jasmine, but she ignored it until she finished taking the pic. Quickly sending it off with a short “3” as a comment, she opened up and read Jazz’s text.

“I could hear you. So hot!”

“One more, please, full-body, but no covering. Sort of before and after!”

Tia flushed, looking down at her red aroused sex, and tried to line up the camera for a full-body image. She held the camera out in front of her, and to the side, moving it around until it looked like Katie would be able to see everything. She reached down and slid a finger through her wetness one more time before taking a couple of pictures and sending Katie the best one.

Tia waited, knowing she could have ended this at any time, but true to her secret nature she had obediently accomplished the dare, enjoying it far more than she would have thought only a few weeks ago.

“Very nice. You can have your stuff back. Just be sure and send that to your brothers before tonight. Make sure they know how much of a slut you are at school thinking about them. Or me. Tell you what, tell them both.”

Tia looked over to where she knew Jasmine was sitting and blushed, looking down and seeing her bundle of clothes being held just off the tiled floor. Taking them quickly, she undid the bundle in her lap, finding her bra and putting it on before slipping back into her shirt. It did not surprise her to find that they had not returned her panties, and as she slid her shorts back on, she could feel her sticky wetness all across her mons and the upper part of her thighs.

Tia calmed herself and opened the door, hastening out of the way when she saw a small queue lined up. The room had gotten considerably more busy while she had been doing her ‘task’ and she looked around nervously, wondering if anyone besides Jasmine had a clue as to what she had been doing

“Oh god finally. You took forever. What the hell have you been doing?” Brenda, another freshman, brushed past her and quickly closed the door, the sounds of an urgent release coming soon thereafter.

Sidling up next to Jasmine at one sink, Tia quickly washed her hands, glancing at Jasmine and sharing a secret embarrassed smile. As they left and headed towards the cafeteria and their other friends, Jasmine linked arms with her, their elbows crooked together, and leaned over to say, “I can’t believe you. I mean, I do believe it after last weekend, but god you are ... something”

Tia flushed, more than happy to walk down the hallway with Jasmine, and whispered back. “So are you,”, quickly looking away before she got too embarrassed


Chapter 23: Back With the Boys

Tia finished up the last bit of her homework and flopped back on her bed, looking back over her messages, reliving what had happened over lunch. Katie had been rather smug after congratulating her. Rhea, Caitlyn, and Jasmine were all three giving her smiles and nods, enjoying Tia’s slight embarrassment. She had to eat quickly after spending over half the lunch hour in the bathroom, and she barely had time to finish. Katie had passed around her phone, showing off the pictures Tia had taken, even giving the phone to Tia and having her comment on them for the group. She had been a little shocked at just how red and wet she looked in the last picture, and as she looked at it now, lying in her bed, she felt a faint echo of the intensity of her noontime orgasms. That had been the one she had also sent to each of her brothers, telling them to delete them before their parents could find them. She enjoyed the feeling for a long minute or two before realizing it was about time to eat. Deciding that she wanted to enjoy the full experience again, she got dressed - as if she was going to school - including the underwear that Katie had waited until the end of the school day to give back to her. Her mind already wondering about what her brothers might plan to do this evening, she grabbed her phone and went downstairs.

She could hear her dad whistling from back in the master bedroom as she rounded the bottom of the stairs and went to the kitchen. Her mother was there, already dressed and ready to go out it looked like, closing the fridge as Tia entered,

“Hey, sweetie. I thought you had already changed, you know?”

Tia flushed a little, nervous for no real reason. There was no way her mother could suspect any of what was going to happen tonight.

“No, I got too busy trying to finish up my homework fast - did not want it hanging over me all weekend - and Katie invited me over again tomorrow.”

“Ah. I’m sure if your chores are done and all your homework, it will be fine. Tonight, you guys are on your own. I just made sure there were enough leftovers from the lasagna and a frozen pizza if you need more.”

“Thanks, I’m sure we’ll manage.”

Tia turned and went through the other archway into the family room, looking for any of her brothers. Not seeing them, she smiled a little, thinking they might be still upstairs ‘plotting’. Flicking on the television, she settled in to watch a new streaming show about high school, snorting a little at the stupidity of television writers. After a few minutes, Terrence joined her, not saying anything, but she could see him checking her out while they waited for their parents to leave.

She heard her dad and mom walk into the entryway and her dad call out, “Guys, we are leaving!” Her father stepped into the room briefly, waving at the two of them. “We are off. You guys behave. Thomas is in charge.”

“Yeah, we will, we know,” they said, their words bumping into each other’s as they agreed, saying whatever he needed to hear so they would go on their ‘date night’ and leave them alone. As their parents left for their night out, Tia could hear the pounding of feet on the stairs and Tim and Thomas bounded into the room a few seconds later.

“Oh, good, you guys are here. Who’s hungry?” Thomas said, grinning as he flopped onto the other couch.

No one answered, everyone just laughing lightly. Tia shook her head at how dorky they were being. It was clear they all wanted the same thing.

The four sat and watched the television for a long few minutes, no one saying anything until Thomas broke the silence.

“I’m sure they are gone, so that means I am in charge, right?” He said, looking around and grinning at Tia. ‘Though, that’s not a problem for anyone anymore, is it?” he added rhetorically.

“No, it’s all good Thomas, though I noticed Tia had gotten dressed for school again instead of, you know, her usual nakedness lately.” Tim seemed to act as if he knew something the rest of them did not.

“Yeah, well, you know,” Tia said haltingly.

“Well, no, we don’t, or not really, I mean, after last weekend, that phone call,” Thomas said, the three of them just watching her.

“Yeah, that was, um, embarrassing.”

“Uh-huh, but true?” Tim prompted,

“Mmmhmmm, yeah...”

“You should tell us again. I think it’s important that we know what’s going on at all times.”

“Oh god, really? Can’t we just...”

“Maybe you should start with why you got dressed like that.”

Tia shifted in her seat a bit, feeling her excitement bubbling just beneath the surface. The games were going to begin; she knew that, and her thoughts were becoming quite naughty as she imagined all the things that might happen. “I, you know, like being searched and stuff.”

“Yeah, I figured. So, stand up then. And tell us the rest while one of us does the ‘searching’” Thomas ordered, turning to the other two. “Who wants to start things off with a thorough search of our spy?”

Terrence and Tim looked at each other briefly before Tim spoke up. “I will this time, it’s been a while.”

Tim motioned for Tia to stand in front of the couch, Terrence going and sitting near, but not next to, Thomas. Tim went behind Tia and stood close, letting her stand there in anticipation while the other two watched closely. She did not have to wait that long, though. Tim’s hands were soon at her sides, sliding up and down her ribcage, down to her hips and back up to either side of her breasts. She could feel her body react to his touch, and the fact that she was standing in front of the other two, and she shifted a little on her feet as his hands pressed a bit more firmly.

“Why are you carrying your phone? Put it down - you are going to be too busy to chat!” Thomas said, watching the two of them closely.

“Oh, um, yeah, Katie said.” Tia said, pausing.

“Katie said...”

“She said to keep my phone close. Last time she had to wait a bit. And she said she might call again.”

“Fuck, she’s as hot as you are, huh? So, you are supposed to be telling us why you are doing this. What it is you like and stuff. Like on the phone call when you were at Katie’s.”

Thomas’s voice broke Tia from her silent enjoyment of Tim’s touch, and as his hands slid more firmly up along her sides, coming around to run across the front of her breasts, she gasped a little and tried to answer.

“I like it,” she said, closing her eyes briefly while Tim firmly massaged her breasts through her clothing.

“Like what? Come on, be descriptive now”

“I like,” she said, pausing while Tim’s hands moved down her stomach to the front of each thigh, pressing inwards towards her center, teasingly, before moving back up to brush her breasts again. His hands continued to run up and down her body a couple more times while she struggled to think.

“I like to be touched. And watched,” she said, feeling delicious tingles of pleasure coursing up and down her body as Tim’s hands moved from top to bottom multiple times. “I just can’t help it, I love this. The searching,” she added, holding still, trembling a little as his hands went up under her shirt, grasping her bra for a moment before retreating. Tim’s hands were sure now, grabbing the bottom of her shirt and pulling it upwards, waiting as she moved her arms obediently to let him remove her shirt.

“I. Like you guys taking my clothes off,” she added, gasping as Tim’s hands tickled her ribs and stomach, grasping onto her breasts still inside of her bra and pinching her nipples which poked through the fabric of her cups noticeably.

“No shit. We know that for sure, don’t we?”

“Yeah, you really seem to like it.”

Tia bit her lip, moving a bit to put her phone down before standing back. Her eyes glazed over with arousal a bit as Tim worked to undo the snap of her shorts, his hands roaming over her round bottom and hips multiple times while he took his time unsnapping, and then parting the flaps of her shorts. Standing there in her bra and opened shorts, she felt her nipples ache and her sex getting wetter and wetter as he played with her, his hands finally taking the waistband of her shorts firmly and pushing them down over her bottom.

“There was more though, tell us all of it.” Thomas’s voice sounded deeper, huskier, and as she looked at him, she could tell he was aroused. He was not being shy about it either, his right hand was boldly holding his hardness through his pants. Glancing over at Terrence, she was certain he was enjoying this as much as Thomas, though he was not being so obvious about it.

“I, uh,” Tia said haltingly, her mind going back over what Katie had made her say to each of her brothers. Tim’s hands slid back up the outside of her thighs after he had pushed her shorts all the way off, and as his hands neared her hips, it felt as if his touches were moving straight in between her legs. She shivered under his touch, her hips twitching as her body ached to be touched ‘there’. “I like this, ummmm, being touched,” she half gasped as Tim’s fingers slid close to her dampness, teasing her, touching her firmly, ever closer and closer to her sensitive center, but not quite reaching it.

Tim’s hands moved up a bit and around to the sides as he pushed her underwear down over the curve of her bottom. He left them there, his hands slowly caressing each side of her bottom, her underwear pulled tight across her thighs.

“Come on, you said a lot more. A lot. What about these hmmm?” Thomas said, drawing her gaze back to him. He had opened his pants and was slowly stroking his thick prick, pausing when she looked at him, holding it as if he was presenting a gift to her.

“Oh, god, I ... yes, I love, um, cocks,” she said, gasping a little as Tim’s hands suddenly slid upward, leaving her panties tight across her thighs. He pushed up and under her bra, his hands grasping each of her breasts - fingers on nipples, and rhythmically squeezed and pinched them as she tried to speak with some sort of sense.

“And, I’m really a s-slut” she added, remembering what Katie had made her say, and thinking little more than about how badly she wanted to get off now. To get them off too, if she was being honest. “I want to cum and cum and cum, oh god,” she said, her nipples aching as Tim pinched them, pushing out eagerly when his hands again glided lower. She could feel her thighs damp as he pushed her panties off, and when he reached between her thighs, sliding and teasing, she eagerly moved her feet apart, making it easy for him to slide in and touch her wetness.

“And you shall, I am sure of it,” Thomas growled a little, his hand moving up and down his shaft as he watched her nearly naked body being thoroughly searched by her twin.

Tia groaned as Tim’s fingers slid inside of her for a moment, slipping out and spreading her wetness liberally up and down her slit. She felt him pull away and push down on her shoulders, and she thought he was going to push her towards Thomas and his waiting erection. Instead, he turned her to the side, and moved in front of her, pulling her head firmly against the hardness in his jeans. “Since you love them so much, you can take care of this one,” he said, clasping her head against his waist, turning and pressing her lips and cheeks against his jeans-covered erection. She could feel his erection, his cock, and she felt a delicious thrill of naughtiness rush through her as she let herself be moved and told what to do.

She felt him pull back for a second, unsnapping his jeans, then stood waiting for her. Knowing what he wanted, what they all wanted, she did not hesitate. Not anymore. The need for games was dropping away, and even though she loved it all, she was coming to really love this feeling she had right now - being very, very naughty. Sexy, yes, but very naughty. She reached up and pulled open his jeans, leaning into his mouth his cotton-covered hardness for a second before pushing his pants down a bit and reaching for his briefs. As soon as his cock was exposed, she stopped pulling on his underwear and grabbed him, putting him into her mouth as she inhaled deeply and tasted him.

“Goddamn, she really does fucking love it, doesn’t she?” she heard Thomas growl. She turned to look and saw that he and Terrence were both playing with themselves while they watched her and Tim, though Terrence was far less obvious about it. She felt Tim’s hands come down and rest on her head, not pushing or guiding it so much as simply resting there, stroking her slightly as she licked and sucked up and down his shaft. ’So bad, so so bad,’ she thought to herself, her body squirming in naughty pleasure as she worked to get her brother’s cock to explode. His hands stopped being so gentle and held onto her head, guiding her and holding her as he thrust his hips back and forth, sliding his cock in and out of her open mouth. She knew he was getting close, his grip was becoming tighter, and as she felt him slam in hard, slowing down for a long second or two before pulling out and slamming right back in, she sucked eagerly, hungrily, knowing he was going to cum in her mouth at any moment. She felt an odd power in holding herself, taking his thrust, and when he began to shoot off, she closed her lips tight and sucked as if it was a nipple, gobbling his stuff into her mouth.

“Oh fuck that’s...” Tim groaned, pulling back, his hips twitching as the sensitive head of his prick slid past her lips. Tia looked up at him, her lips parting a little, her tongue experimentally touching his cum. She was not sure if she was going to swallow or spit it out, but she found her mind made up for her when Thomas bent forward to pull her face towards his lap, feeding her his rock-hard cock. She heard him groan as her cum filled mouth closed over his prick, and she worked to swallow what she had in her mouth while sucking a bit awkwardly on the enormous head of his cock. The huge mushroom head always made her quiver a little, as if its size was something to fear, but as she felt it fill her mouth, she breathed deep through her nose and felt her naked and wet cunny spasming in secret response.

“Fuck yessss,” Thomas sighed, sitting back and gently thrusting his hips upward into her mouth a couple of times. She glanced up at him for a second, seeing him closing his eyes, and she stretched her jaw wide to take him a bit more easily. She vaguely heard Tim behind her, pulling his pants back up, and when she felt her hand being grasped, she turned to the side and watched as Terrence pulled her right hand towards his lap. Just like with Tim and Thomas the previous weekend, she found herself sucking on one prick while stroking a second, and the feeling of naughtiness, of being a raging slut, only increased. Naked, on her knees, and not only touching but sucking on a cock was definitely on the naughty track, she thought, her mind hazing over a bit as she felt herself sliding down into a pleasant, sensual, erotic mindset.

The chirping sound of Katie’s ringtone broke through her low moans of pleasure, and she paused for a second before continuing when Tim spoke up. “I’ll get it. You keep going now, don’t want to upset your customers!” Tia kept sucking, closing her eyes when she heard him talking behind her.

“Oh, yeah, hey Katie. Yep, she’s busy again. I figured, here, hold on a second.”

Tia only heard ½ of the conversation, but she was pretty sure what Katie was saying. When Tim moved to the side away from Terrence and pointed her phone at her, her assumptions proved correct. She could see Katie’s eager face, and she knew her friend was seeing her in all her slutty glory. Much more slutty, in some ways, than during the sleepover. Katie’s voice came through now, though, as Tim put the vid chat on speaker.

“God, look at you go, girl. I thought you were nuts last weekend, but this is so fucking hot! Sucking on your own brother’s cocks like some sort of slut. Oh. that’s right. You are a slut, aren’t you?”

Tia groaned, Thomas’s fat cock head filling her mouth, and she pulled up a little, glancing at the phone before ignoring it and continuing to suck on Thomas’s shaft while still stroking and playing with Terrence’s narrower prick. Katie’s words bored into her, adding to her embarrassed arousal, making her even more eager for what they were doing. What they would do later. Moaning as she sucked, she felt Thomas’s hard cock throb and become even harder as his orgasm apparently approached.

“I see you are busy now. I will call later, don’t lose the phone!” Katie’s voice sounded like she was teasing, though Tia was not paying much attention to who was watching and listening, her hand coming back from Terrence’s shaft to cup and hold Thomas’s testicles while she knelt up a little higher and rapidly bobbed her head up and down his shaft. He was close now, his hips coming up to meet her mouth with every stroke, and she could feel his balls moving oddly inside his sack just before he groaned and his cum began to shoot. She stopped moving, holding his prick around the base with both hands as she sucked on the fat head, the cum shooting into her mouth and filling her with its hot, sticky mess. She felt him slow down, and wanting to clear her mouth, she pulled up and off of his cock, the sticky mess spilling out around her lips as she silently worked them together. It was too much, way too much to swallow, and she pulled her hand up to her mouth and jumped up before dashing naked to the bathroom and spitting the bulk of it out. She looked up at herself in the mirror, her face streaked with bits of boy cum, groaning a little, before quickly washing her face and rinsing her mouth.

“S-sorry, too much, too much,” she said as she went back to her brothers, noting that they had all covered up again, even Terrence, who had not gotten a turn. “I can finish now...” she added, moving towards Terrence and kneeling down.

“No, you don’t need to, we can...” Terrence said, breaking off as soon as Tia’s hands touched his covered erection.

“Up to you, Terrence, you know what we have planned. We don’t mind waiting while she takes the edge off first though, heh!” Tim and Thomas half laughed as Tia continued to undo her youngest brother’s pants.

“Oh, mmm, k” was all she heard as she pulled his prick into the open and stroked it twice in her hand, her fingers still cool from her quick wash up. She could see a drop of pre-cum oozing out of the tip, and she quickly leaned in and licked it up, savoring the taste. Pre-cum tasted so much better than the real thing, she thought, taking her brother’s cock into her mouth and quickly stroking him with her hand at the same time. Hearing that they had ‘plans’ had made her a little eager to see if (and how) they were going to make her cum again, though she was more than willing to make sure they all three had a chance at a first quick release. Terrence said nothing else, simply leaning back and enjoying what she was doing, and she could feel him quickly responding, his narrow prick becoming as hard as it ever had been before. She looked up at him, watching her, and as she sensed him getting closer and closer, she tried to keep staring at him, urging him with her eyes to cum in her mouth. Cum in her and make her the good little slut she was becoming.

“I’m gonna, you know,” he gasped, warning her, and she loved him for that.

“It’s ok ... I think ... I’m ready this time,” she said after pulling free for a moment, looking at the glistening head of his prick as she held it steady in her firm grasp. She slid her lips back over the crown of his cock, sliding slowly down, teasingly slow, and was not surprised when he suddenly grunted and pushed up inside of her, his narrow cock spurting just like Tim and Thomas had both just done.

Either she was getting used to it, or Terrence’s cum did not taste as strong or as bitter as Thomas’s, and Tia almost savored the feel of his thick cum as it coated her tongue and mouth, wantonly swishing her tongue around as she mentally called herself a horny little cocksucker.

“Mmmmmm,” she said, moaning and sitting back, licking her lips a little as she noticed the other two had been busy while she was taking care of Terrence. They had pulled the single upholstered chair from the couch and turned it at an angle. Several pillows had been placed on the seat and then covered with a blanket. She looked at it, and then at her brothers, and waited for whatever was coming next.

Tia saw Tim come back into the room with their collection of ropes, and she knew what they were likely planning. Sounds from the kitchen made her curious, though after last week’s game she was fairly certain Thomas was looking for more opportunistic toys. Her cunt spasmed as she pictured herself tied to the chair and toyed with by some vegetable or something, and she was standing with her hands held out in front of her before she quite realized she had done so.

“Ooooh, eager are we?” Tim teased, taking her by her two wrists and pulling her over to the chair.

Tia blushed, shrugging her shoulders slightly as she let herself be led over to the chair. It did not surprise her at all when Tim positioned her to the side of the chair and pulled forward on her wrists, forcing her to bend over the arm of the chair. It was low enough that it was easy for her to bend easily, and she felt him pull her hands all the way forward, pushing out over the other side. Suddenly she was aware the other two were there, and she was being lifted and moved to slide a softer pillow below her neck and face, turning her head so that she could breathe. She could feel the ropes going around each wrist, and when they began to be tugged, lightly because of the way she could not bend her arms at all, she realized that they were tying each wrist to the same side ankle; the rope passing under the chair. She could move her arms easily, but besides being connected to her wrists, they also tied her ankles to each leg of the chair, preventing them from getting more than a couple of inches from the corner of the chair.

Tim stepped away for a moment, leaving her bound and bent over the chair. Tia could feel her backside exposed, her wet slick center peeking out between her parted thighs, and she felt that warmth she always loved when she knew that someone could see her. See all over her. Her breasts were pressed against the blanket and pillows that filled the seat of the upholstered chair, but she could feel the skin along her sides stretching, her ribs obvious as the ropes kept her arms straight out over the other side of the chair. She found she could turn her arms enough to let her hands dangle, but she could not easily pull them back towards the arm of the chair. She could tell there was enough slack, but she just did not have the leverage to push herself up off of the pillows and pull her arms back.

She heard Thomas come back, and she heard them joking around a bit before their hands were again on her bare skin.

“Hmm, such an inventive spy. You realize where she had hidden the encoded files last time, right? We must be very thorough.”

“Yes, very thorough!”

“We need a new name, though. Katie has one for her, but she doesn’t want us using it. Tee-Tee is just for her.”

“Yeah, too bad. Tee-Tee is a good one.”

“Mmm, something that doesn’t sound bad, but it’s like a code. Like, um, Sweetie, or, I dunno, Angel”

“I dunno. Maybe, I mean, we can’t call her slut unless we’re alone. What if, what if we made Sis or Sissy short for Sissy Slut, or even just SS.”

“Oh god, that’s good, Tia already admitted to everyone she’s really just a slut. And we could secretly tease her with a simple Sis or something when the folks or others are around.”

“Perfect. You don’t mind, do you? Sissy Slut? Hmmm??”

Tia felt her skin tingling as their hands ran all over her, much like Tim’s had just a bit ago. She knew Tim and Thomas were both there, but she had not seen Terrence in a while - he was probably recovering, or just watching, she thought, though she spent little time wondering. Her other two brothers’ hands seemed to be everywhere, stroking her back, her sides, pressing against the sides of her breasts, sliding over her bottom, and teasing in between her thighs. Each sliding pass of fingers near or against her slit made her wriggle and pull against her bindings, the pleasure continuing to increase as she became more and more aroused.

The names they discussed and called her made her feel odd, almost like it was silly, but the more they repeated the slut word, the more she felt herself responding.

“Mmmm, s’ok,” she breathed, not protesting their new name for her. An alternative name to go along with Katie’s Tee-Tee. Panting a little, she turned her head a bit, looking as best she could, and saw Thomas more near her head, his arousal obvious inside of his pajama bottoms. He must have changed after she had sucked on him. The thin fabric did little to hide his hardness, and whenever he moved, his dick moved as well, drawing her gaze as she laid there.

A coolness assaulted her skin on her bottom, and she realized they had found some oil and had spread it all over her skin, especially her bottom, their fingers boldly sliding all up and down the crack of her behind. When Tim teased at her bottom hole with his finger, she moaned, pressing back and away, though eagerly waiting for another touch.

“Ohh...!” she exclaimed softly, gasping as his fingers slid inside of her while his thumb pressed near her backside. She closed her eyes, groaning a little as he began to fuck her with his fingers, his thumb sliding around the slick skin around her bottom. It was so nasty, being touched like that, in both places. So nasty, and so arousing. She reached out blindly with her hands, feeling Thomas’s leg, and when he moved to press his hard-on against her hand, she grasped it eagerly.

“Are you?”

“Yeah. Didn’t you read that story she mentioned? Sissy I mean. The spy hid something in her bottom. So I figured”.

“Oh, fuck!”

Tim’s fingers became bolder now, and it was clear Thomas was turned on by what Tim was doing. She felt him pull his bottoms down and press her hand against his bare shaft while Tim continued to slide his fingers in and out of her wet channel, his thumb pressing more firmly, more obviously, directly over her bottom. It was not long before she felt the tip of his thumb slide inside of her, and as she squeezed down against the intruder, she felt a nasty charge of arousal pulsing through her.

“Oh ... gawwwddd,” she moaned, pressing back and giving herself over to his touch. She was becoming more and more turned on, and she could feel her orgasm rushing towards her. It was going to be a good one, a very good one, she could just tell. She was about to cum when he paused, driving her crazy. The drip of more oil across her back and bottom made her squirm even more, and when his hands, now even slicker, slid again over her body, she pressed back eagerly. Thomas was spreading some of the oil from her back up over her shoulders and along her sides, reaching under to briefly touch her nipples before going back to her shoulders, one hand moving to displace hers on his shaft. She saw him stroke it a couple of times, getting it oily, and when she again grabbed him, she marveled at how slick and hard it felt. Tim’s hands drove all other thoughts from her mind right then though, as he again slid two fingers inside her soaking wet cunt. Tia felt his thumb press into her rectum easily, deeper now, making her groan in perverted delight. She had read about this, in her stories, but she had never really figured out why they did it, why it might feel so good. She was not sure if it was because she was so turned on, or that she was quite liberally covered in oil, but she welcomed the quite naughty intimate touch, and it seemed to make everything else feel just that much better.

Tim’s fingers and thumb seemed to drill into her, deeper and deeper, and she fucked back against his hand as if she was some sort of animal. It felt so good, and so bad at the same time, she was losing herself in the pure physical pleasure. Thomas pulled himself free from her hand and moved her arms apart a little, stepping forward between them. She could feel his bare thighs on her bound forearms, and when he rubbed the head of his prick against her face, she opened her mouth, letting her wet tongue and lips part for him. The angle was not great, but Thomas did not seem to care, continuing to move his hardness around and in between her lips, spreading her saliva and his pre cum around her mouth.

