Severus Snape was sitting in Lucius Malfoy's living room, nibbling on cheese and drinking water, when Lucius suddenly made an announcement that very nearly caused Severus to choke:

"You've never offered to let me piss on you."

"Uhh," stammered Severus. It was true that he had never offered, for that was not the sort of thing he believed that one casually suggested. Though he had watched Lucius piss -- surreptitiously, he thought -- when they shared a bathroom, and he would have been lying if he said he had never entertained the thought, though he did not know how he gave himself away, of Lucius pushing him down and doing it to him, on him...

"I assumed that if you wanted to, you would just do it," he scowled before his face could grow any warmer.

Lucius smiled wickedly. "I would never do anything you didn't want me to do," he told Severus, who glared back.

"You've already done many things I didn't want you to do!"

"I have? Oh, dear." Lucius smirked. "Anyway," added Severus defensively, "You've never said you wanted to piss on me."

"I'm saying it now," purred Lucius.

"Oh." Severus swallowed, waiting to see if Lucius was going to ask for permission, but Lucius merely continued to smile patiently. "N-now? I, uh," he struggled for something to say to stall, to turn the mood or perhaps embarrass the unflappable older man. "I didn't know if you needed to piss."

Lucius' brow wrinkled. "Actually, I don't." Without breaking eye contact with Severus, he lifted his water glass, drained it in one gulp and refilled it from the carafe.

"Well, I'll just," Severus tried for dignity, "be over here, reading the Prophet."

"Mmhmm," agreed Lucius, with his mouth on his rapidly emptying glass.

Severus attempted to read, squirming, appalled at how hard he had become. It was difficult to hold the paper when his hands wanted to tremble. "Why, exactly, do you want to piss on me?"

"Because," Lucius said thoughtfully, softly. "You're mine."

The words made Severus gulp, and his hands did shake. He folded the Daily Prophet and put it down on the table. "How very...animalistic of you." He took another deep breath. "If you don't mind my asking...where are you planning to do it?"

"Hm," pondered Lucius, raising an eyebrow. "Maybe upstairs. Bathroom."

"Ah. That is, I meant where on me."

The look that Lucius swept over Severus was excruciatingly arousing; Severus tried discreetly to wipe his palms on the fabric seat of the chair. "I'm not sure," the older wizard smiled knowingly. "Maybe your chest?"

"Why my chest?"

"It seems as good a place as any." Lucius leaned closer, conspiratorially. "You could kneel in front of me..."

Severus' imagination sparked to life. He could feel the cool tile under his knees, the warmth radiating from Lucius' naked body, then the scalding stream as it came out, running down his chest, tickling over his nipples, flowing down his abdomen into his groin...heat rose in his face and he had to wipe his palms dry again. "You could do it...almost anywhere...with me kneeling in front of you."

"That's true," Lucius said as if this hadn't even occurred to him, smiling at Severus like a teacher proud of a clever pupil. "Perhaps I could do it on your belly. Or...lower, if you'd like." The older man's eyes moved, following the direction of his suggestion, so that Severus had to shift to hide his erection. "I thought perhaps I could try to make this enjoyable for you. Hmm? What do you think?" Lucius reached out and tugged him closer. "Do you want me to piss..." His hand slid down Severus' belly and covered his cock. "Here?"

The gentle touch made Severus jolt several inches out of his chair. "Oh," he gasped. "I don't, well, if you're going to do it anyway, I suppose that's as good a place as any."

Lucius pulled Severus even closer. "You don't...what? You don't want it?"

It took a few hard breaths before Severus could answer the question. "Am I...supposed to want it?" The eyes on him were relentless. "Well, of course if you want it, then I'm willing to...try it..."

"That's not what I asked." The warm hand stroked Severus' cock through his clothing. "Do. you. want. it." And the fingers squeezed.

"Aah!" Severus' cry was embarrassingly loud. "I can't think with you doing that." Instantly Lucius stepped back, pulling his hand away. "Where are you going?"

Lucius clasped his hands in front of himself and smiled. "I'm giving you plenty of space so that you can think."

"What do you want me to think for?" Severus snapped.

"I sometimes ask myself that question." Lucius laughed loudly, shifting his weight from one foot to the other.

"That isn't fair. I said you c..." Severus halted, realizing that he still hadn't asked Lucius to do it, which was unquestionably what Lucius wanted. He amended, "I didn't say you couldn't."

"Oh." Bright eyes were taunting him. "So you actually don't want it?"

"I...don't mind..." And it wasn't fair. "This was your idea. I'm not going to beg for it!" Lucius raised an eyebrow and shifted again, looking distinctly uncomfortable. "Why does everything have to be my responsibility!"

"Very well. If you expect me to make your decisions for you..." Lucius lunged, took hold of Severus' arm and led him upstairs.

Severus allowed himself to be pulled, protesting all the way. "I didn't say I expected you to make my decisions for me! Though you often do make my decisions for me! What would you do if I said no?"

"I would try to convince you to change your mind. By asking if you were absolutely certain you didn't want it."

"What does it matter to you what I want?"

Lucius whirled. "What have I forced on you?"

"I never would have thought about this if you hadn't asked!" That was, of course, a lie. What was true was that Severus would never have thought that he might actually get to have it, and that was what seemed so cruel, the acknowledgment wrested from him when this had all been Lucius' plan.

"That is different than forcing you, isn't it?" Lucius' eyes were cold, hard, and he gripped Severus' arm tightly. "If I were to force you, I wouldn't ask if you wanted something. I would make you do it. I would rip off your robes, shove you to your knees, and do whatever it was that I pleased. Have I done that?" Severus' knees were shaking; he shook his head as well. "Is that what you want me to do, so it isn't your responsibility? Hmm? I thought you didn't want to be my whore."

Mouth dry, palms drenched, Severus choked out, "You can't pay most whores for this. Besides, you said you wanted to do it. To prove that I'm...I'm yours."

The hand gripping Severus' arm relented suddenly, and Lucius smiled approvingly. "Very good point," he nodded, again speaking as mentor to protégé. "So take off your robe, and get on your knees."

With incredible difficulty, Severus began to remove his clothes, fumbling at the fastenings because his hands wouldn't hold still. Lucius didn't bother trying to help, removing his own robes gracefully and hanging them on the back of the door. "In the bathtub," he ordered. "It'll be easier to clean up that way."

"W-won't the house elves do it?"

"Do you want them to clean you?" The eyes darkened as Lucius squirmed, and Severus realized that the older man was genuinely uncomfortable. "In, Severus," he pointed at the tub.

Severus got in and Lucius followed, pushing him to his knees. He bit back a whimper as Lucius traced his lips with his finger.

"Do you want it?"

"Yes." For a moment Severus let his eyes close, blocking out the overwhelming image of Lucius standing over him; then he opened them again, terrified, but not wanting to miss anything. Lucius was very nearly frowning, eyebrows drawing together, but he waited, waited, and Severus trembled with want that he suspected was as great as Lucius' need to empty his bladder. "Please don't make me beg."

The other man's face relaxed a fraction, and his lips curled as his fingers wrapped around his cock. "Good boy," he said. "I won't make you...but you may if you like." He let out a soft sigh as he let go, and the sound of his relief was nearly as erotic as the feel of the stream that hit the middle of Severus' chest, spilling down his body. Lucius' piss was scalding hot and smelled of musk and firewhiskey and ammonia, like a potion to ward off predators, not entirely unpleasant.

Severus moaned, grabbing his own cock and squeezing it, unable to keep from arching upward into the spray. "Please..." he whispered, not meaning to. Then Lucius aimed lower, over Severus' cock. "Lucius...ahh...hot...fuck..." He writhed in the steady flow, its sharp scent burning his nostrils, trying not to jack himself off, but his hand was moving.

Lucius let out an undignified whimper as the stream trickled away and he dropped to his knees in front of Severus. He reached out and wrapped his fingers in Severus' hair, pulling him forward for a hard, demanding kiss. Severus launched himself at the other man, even though he thought Lucius might kill him for touching him when he was so dirty; he was frantic to get his cock in contact with Lucius' skin. Awkwardly, Lucius tugged him onto his lap, clutching at his hips. "Come for me, Severus. Come on me."

That was all it took; with a cry, Severus came so hard he hit Lucius' chin, and continued to pump over his chest and belly. Lucius shuddered, wrapping his arms around Severus' back and pressing his face against his neck.

"Oh," moaned Severus. "I'm sorry. I'm...I didn't mean to touch you..."

"Shhh." Lucius squeezed his hand between their bodies and grasped his own cock. "Merlin's balls, Severus. You're... you're..." He groaned.

"I know. I'm filthy. I'm shameless." Severus kissed the side of Lucius' face, not daring to try to kiss his mouth. "Let me..." He nudged his fingers between Lucius' on his cock, stroking.

"In -- in desperate -- oh fuck! -- need of...a bath!" Lucius took Severus' head in his hands and kissed him as he thrust shallowly into his hand.

"Yes...oh...let me..." Severus lowered his head and sucked the tip of Lucius' cock into his mouth. He couldn't get much more of it at that angle, but he licked enthusiastically. Then Lucius came with a grunt, spurting over his lips and chin, grabbing the edge of the tub to keep from collapsing back against the faucet. Licking around his own lips and Lucius' cock, Severus' head rubbed against Lucius' belly, covered in fluid from both of them; he would have tasted it if he dared, if he had not thought Lucius would call him a whore.

Lucius dropped his hand to Severus' head again. He spoke softly. "Look at the mess we made." Severus moaned, decided that he was past the point of shame and took a long swipe of his tongue over Lucius' abdomen. The taste made his tongue curl, bitterly salty slick liquid, yet he swallowed it, the flavor of both of them mixed together.

Lucius groped behind himself to turn on the tub, then jumped, crashing into Severus' chin. "Aagh! Cold!" Without a wand, Severus had no way to warm up the water using a spell, but he held on to Lucius as the tap slowly heated the water. "Thank you," Lucius murmured, reaching for the soap and a sponge in a recessed compartment in the tile wall. He washed himself, and then, almost as an afterthought, washed Severus as well.

"You didn't mind that I...got it all over you?" Severus asked uneasily. "I thought you wanted me in the tub so there was no chance that you'd have to touch me until I was clean."

"Mmm..." Lucius twisted Severus around so that his back was against the older man's chest. Leaning forward, he sucked on Severus' neck. "You're very good to me. You'll do nearly anything I ask." Lathering his hands again, he rubbed suds over Severus' chest. "Why?"

"I. Oh. Not anything."

"Hmm...now, what have you refused me that I really wanted?"

Severus tried to think. "You haven't asked for very much that's...terribly dangerous, or offensive..." Of course most people would have considered what they just did highly offensive, but Severus was not most people, as Lucius seemed well aware.

"True." The hands continued to cover Severus in soap. "But what I have asked you, you've not denied me. You could have. I've asked for some...decidedly 'different' sorts of things."

Severus was glad that he was not facing the older man, so eye contact was not possible. "Well, maybe I have...'different' tastes than most people." Suddenly he felt defensive again. "Am I not putting up enough resistance? Is it only fun for you if I have to be persuaded?"

"No, no...I quite enjoy it when you spread your legs and beg for me," Lucius chuckled, and said almost affectionately: "Slut."

It was difficult for Severus to know whether to be offended or not. "Why did you want me to ask for this?" he demanded.

"Because I wanted to hear you say 'Yes.'"

What he meant, thought Severus, was that he wanted to hear how very much Severus wanted it. "Yet you have contempt for anyone you find submissive. Do you not find that submissive? Being...marked like that?"

"I do not have contempt for you, if that's what you're asking. You fight me, Severus. You argue and you question and you are so fucking stubborn. I'm not sure I'd qualify this as submissive behavior. Would you?"

Severus squirmed under the soapy fingers drifting in an unconscious pattern, or perhaps a conscious one -- a spell in soap written on his skin. "I suppose not. But...you wanted me on my knees. And I let you. I enjoyed it."

"So did I. Couldn't you tell? That's the quickest I've come since I was a teenager." With the sponge, Lucius started wiping the soap from Severus' body.

"Yes, but you were...dominating me. Standing over me. Doing...that."

"But you didn't get on your knees and beg me to piss on you the instant I said I wanted to."

Severus twitched hard. Quietly he asked, "If I had, would you have done it?"

"No. Does that disappoint you?"

"I could have," Severus admitted in a low voice. "Does that disappoint you?" He turned, but Lucius was looking down.

"I'm not sure." Abruptly he found his face under scrutiny. "Are you trying to analyze me again, Severus?"

"I'm trying," he began. "Not. To ruin things."

Lucius looked startled. "I see." Severus sighed, then took the soap from him and lathered his own hands, tentatively brushing them over Lucius. "Why are you -- " Lucius paused before trying again. "You're worried about ruining things?"

"Do you have any idea how difficult it is to find a balance between not being overly submissive and making you angry?"

"This again?" Lucius sighed.

Severus looked at him for a long moment. "Never mind," he said and went back to scrubbing perfunctorily.

"And now you're going to sulk."

"Now, as I do at least twice a week, I am going to wonder if today will be the day when you decide that you've tired of me. That I haven't read you perfectly this time, and I've said yes too quickly or no too quickly or asked for something you've decided that I shouldn't have." He squeezed the soap too hard and it flew out of his hand, into the tile wall.

Lucius caught the soap before it hit him in the head after bouncing off the wall. Wordlessly he handed the soap back to Severus and didn't say anything for a moment. "I've no plans to tire of you," he said eventually.

Severus made a low clucking noise. "Shouldn't tell me that. I might get careless. Next time you make a suggestion I might acquiesce too quickly, or fight until you're truly angry."

"Then I'll just send you to bed without dessert for being naughty." Pulling Severus close, Lucius kissed him, making the task of getting him clean much more difficult. "I've grown quite used to you, you know."

Comfortable, for Lucius, could so easily turn to boredom; Severus could not relax even in his arms. There was only one certain cure for boredom with Lucius, and that was to arouse him.

Recent flashback, then, to his latest kink. "It's a shame," Severus prodded, "there's such a stigma attached to this act. The physical sensation is quite striking. Piss is so much warmer than one expects it to be. And more concentrated, not at all like a shower."

Lucius' eyebrows lifted practically to his hairline. "Indeed," he intoned.

"And, you know, the look on your face."

"What look?"

"Well, it's complicated. Relief, I suppose, and triumph. But also just a bit...wicked." Lucius was watching him intently now, with parted lips and an odd expression; Severus knew the conversation was exciting him. "How did it feel to you?"

"...good," said Lucius, considering. "'Wicked,' I suppose. Arousing."

"It probably feels stranger to be on the receiving end." Lucius shifted restlessly, and Severus felt a tiny, exultant grin threaten in the corners of his mouth. "Am I embarrassing you? You looked uncomfortable for a moment."

"Not...uncomfortable," demurred Lucius. "This water is getting cold."

"Do you want to get out of the tub?"

"Not...really."

That surprised Severus, who had thought he was getting close to being fucked over the sink, or the desk, or if he was lucky, in Lucius' enormous bed with the heavy tapestries and the metal posts. "Perhaps you have stronger Slytherin blood, but I think my skin is going to peel off if we stay in here much longer." Moreover, he needed to relieve himself.

"Do you want...Severus..." Very uncharacteristically, Lucius fell silent.

"Do I want...?"

"To. Do what I... Fuck. I can't say it. To...do what I...did to you."

Severus gaped, unable to close his mouth. "Do I...to...you mean on you?" Lucius nodded shortly, looking away. "Oh. Ah." He suddenly understood why they were still sitting in dirty, chilly water. "Now?"

"If you -- I mean. If you don't -- have to -- then we can certainly do it another time."

"I have to quite urgently, actually. But if you...want time to think about it..."

"No. No, I don't want to think about it."

Severus put a hand on the side of the tub and pushed himself upright, facing away from Lucius. "Perhaps this isn't a good idea. If you're going to be sorry afterward..."

"I won't. It's just that I'm sure if I don't do it now, I won't later, because I'll start telling myself all the reasons why we shouldn't have done it at all. Fuck. Severus. I want you to."

Severus turned slowly and looked down at Lucius, who was still waist-deep in water. "We're going to have to start the bath all over," he pointed out.

Licking his lip, Lucius looked up at Severus. "What a pity."

There were goosebumps on Severus' body now that he was standing out of the warm water. "Pull the drain plug," he suggested.

Lucius twisted around to pull the plug and the water started to swirl away. He watched it for a moment, then turned to Severus again, sitting back more comfortably on his heels. "Are you nervous?" he asked. Severus nodded shortly, his eyes moving back and forth between Lucius and the draining water. "Don't be." Lucius trailed a hand up Severus' leg. "I won't bite."

Severus jumped as if Lucius had, in fact, bitten his thigh. "Just tell me how you want it."

"How about just the way I did it to you?"

"It may..." Severus barked a short laugh. "There may be quite a lot."

"That's all right." Lucius swallowed, looking down and then up again, shivering. "Let it out, Severus."

Severus' cock twitched at the command as if it could hear. He reached for it, trying to keep from getting hard, brow furrowing in concentration, and his eyes closed briefly. "Would you mind...not looking, at first?"

Lucius closed his eyes. "Just do it to me." His hands balled into fists at his sides. Severus gulped in a deep breath, braced his feet against the sides of the tub and splayed the fingers of his free hand on the tiles to steady himself. A stream jetted out of his cock, stuttered as if it knew it was being naughty, then resumed forcefully, sending tiny spatters ricocheting off the skin of Lucius' belly. It felt astonishingly good.

Lucius' body jerked and he knelt up a little higher. He didn't make a sound, didn't open his eyes, but his hand flew up to grasp the edge of the tub. The flood continued, its loud hiss echoing in the quiet room. Severus breathed through his mouth, very nearly panting. He was aiming at Lucius' groin, watching the skin turn pink under the hard, hot flow which poured over Lucius' cock and down his thighs.

Lucius opened his eyes, slowly raising them to Severus' face. His free hand reached for his cock, wrapping his fingers around the base, stroking slowly. He sucked in a breath, then moaned, very softly. "Severus..."

"I can't stop," gasped Severus in terror, pissing hard, hips thrust forward. Oh, he would not have stopped if he could have...

"Don't," Lucius said, his voice strained, "don't. Oh -- fuck."

Severus' knees were trembling; he braced one foot more firmly against the edge of the tub and slid damp, slippery fingers across the wall tiles. He was staring from Lucius' face to his cock and the golden current streaming between their bodies. As Lucius' hand moved in a more urgent rhythm on his cock, his breath started to come in little gasps, drawn in through his open mouth. His eyes dropped from Severus' face down to Severus' cock, and he let out a ragged groan.

"Oh," whimpered Severus. The stream faltered, resumed again as a trickle, and he collapsed on one knee against the side of the tub, leaning his cock close to Lucius', holding on to his shoulder for support as he sprayed a final burst onto him.

A cry tore from Lucius as he came, spurting over his hand, his belly, over Severus -- and, gasping, he leaned forward to rest his head on Severus' shoulder. Severus did not speak, perhaps could not speak. His face dropped into Lucius' soft hair, the hand that held his cock pulling away to slide over Lucius' arm to his back.

Lucius' arms snaked around Severus, holding him tight. Someone was shaking -- and Severus suspected that it wasn't himself. He felt as if he should say something, but nothing sensible came to mind.

"Do you want me to turn the water on?" Severus asked finally in a voice that hardly sounded like his own.

"Should -- wash. Yes." But Lucius made no move to allow Severus to go anywhere, even if it was mere inches behind him.

Undisturbed now by his bladder, Severus' cock stirred again, prodding insistently against Lucius' belly. He tried to shift back, but Lucius was holding him tightly. Finally Lucius pulled back. His face looked hot, and the look he gave Severus was almost, but not quite, shy. "I'll get cleaned up," he said, "and then we can do something about this." His fingers teased lightly over Severus' cock.

Severus choked out a noise and fought the urge to rub his cock in Lucius' face, demanding that he suck it, now...he pulled his shaking fingers from Lucius' skin, looked at the yellow liquid pooling at the bottom of the tub, and said, "Let me," reaching over Lucius to the taps, which were comfortably cool and solid in his hands.

Lucius twisted around, reaching for soap and sponge, and cleaned himself as quickly as he could with still-shaking hands. "I -- want you to fuck me," he muttered, looking down as he wiped his belly.

Severus nodded; he did not think that he could speak, neither to question nor to thank Lucius. He took the sponge and swiped it across his thighs and cock, then wrung it out, leaving it on the side of the tub. After rising shakily to his feet, Lucius reached for the towels, handing one to Severus. "Did you like it?" he asked.

Severus had needed to piss so badly that he had been practically cross-eyed when he stood up in the tub; when the first jet shot out of him, and he watched Lucius arch into it, it was almost as powerful as coming, thrilling in a way he couldn't have anticipated. It had gone on utterly beyond his control, and he had thought for an awful minute that Lucius would tell him to stop it which he hadn't thought he could do even for long enough to redirect the stream into the drain, and then the way Lucius had looked at him...

"Severus?" Lucius reached out and pushed the hair back from his face. "Are you still with me?"

"It was...an intense experience," he managed to say as he roughly dried his skin, leaving it red and blotchy.

Then suddenly Lucius grinned wickedly and replied, "It was, wasn't it?" Dropping his towel on the floor, he tugged on Severus' wrist, pulling him into motion and guiding him out to the bedroom.. "Now come and fuck me." Severus followed, letting himself be led, wondering how it was that even when Lucius was asking him to fuck him -- no, telling him to fuck him -- he had Severus completely within his control.

Lucius climbed onto his bed. He lay back and stretched out a hand invitingly. "Come make me scream," he said, and licked his lip. Severus followed him down, pressing his cock against Lucius' hip as he gazed at his face, thinking that he could not make Lucius scream; only Lucius decided when to do that.

"What?" Lucius asked, smiling under Severus' gaze. He stroked Severus' cheek with the backs of his fingers. "You look so serious."

"You own me," Severus said slowly, as if he had just realized it. Not even being marked by Lucius' piss had brought that home to him so clearly.

"I do?" Lucius asked lightly. "Fancy that." And Lucius smiled more, kissing Severus' forehead. "Can I call you mine, then?"

Severus felt his knees start to shake and stilled them with pure force of will. "You will call me whatever you want, I'm sure," he said in a low voice.

"I probably will." Lucius could not seem to keep his hands away from Severus' hair, his skin. He continued to smile and speak lightly. "I want you," he said, "please, Severus."

Severus could have summoned the ointment he knew Lucius kept in the drawer in the table beside his bed, but that would have been too easy for himself and Lucius both. He slid down Lucius' body, over the side of the bed, and lifted one of Lucius' legs over his shoulder to give him access to his backside. Lucius' breath caught in his throat, but he didn't say a word about the fact that Severus seemed to be about to take him unprepared. He shifted a little, getting comfortable. He wanted this -- he had asked for it. He wet his lip and smiled again.

Severus pushed up on Lucius' legs, still startled at the lack of resistance. He slid slowly to his knees on the floor and buried his face in the hot wet spot behind Lucius' balls. Lucius moaned softly, squirming as Severus' tongue touched his hole, and his hand came up to card his fingers through Severus' hair, encouraging him with little tugs.

Severus plunged his tongue in deep; Lucius was clean, he tasted like soap, his skin was soft from being in the water for so long and the muscles relaxed more easily than usual. Severus was very hard, and wanted to fuck Lucius, but not until the older man was ready, though he doubted he could last until Lucius begged.

Lucius arched his back, moans bubbling out of him. "Severus...oh. That's so good. Can never get enough of that. Oh. Please..." Severus was grateful that he did not have to speak. His tongue was busy, his hands were busy as well, stroking Lucius' cock, spreading his thighs wider. He pressed his own cock into the covers on the mattress as Lucius let out a whimper, his free hand grasping Severus' wrist. "I... please." He thrust up into Severus' hand. "Severus, I'm not sure I...oh."

Severus lifted his head, replacing his tongue with his thumb. "You're not sure...?"

"I..." Lucius pushed against Severus' thumb. Perhaps he wasn't sure if he was actually going to be able to go another round, but his cock seemed to have other ideas about it. "Not sure I can wait," he said, lifting his head to look down at Severus who rose, pushing Lucius back on the bed as he leaned over him. He rubbed the fluid leaking from the tip of his cock around the sides, hoping that it would be enough, and knelt between Lucius' legs on the bed. "Do you want to turn?" he asked.

"No," Lucius answered, shaking his head. "I want to see you."

"Oh," replied Severus stupidly and pressed down, encountering more resistance than usual because of the lack of lubrication. This would not, he thought, take long anyway.

Lucius gasped, reaching up and grasping at Severus' arms. While his hands tightened, he stared up at Severus' face, and whispered, "Yes, yes..." And he pushed against Severus, trying to take him in.

"Do you want me to stop and get something?" Severus breathed.

"No," Lucius moaned, "no, stay. It'll --" He gasped as he moved against Severus again. "I'll be fine." Severus knew then that he was hurting him, knew that this might be used against him later -- after all those things Lucius said about not having forced him to do anything -- but he chose to take him at his word, for he was already swelling, stiffening, so close. Lucius pulled him down, kissed him, stroked his back and neck and chest. "Fuck me," he whispered. "Make me come again." Severus shoved in, felt something give, groaned; pulled back, thrust again, and knew he was not going to last.

Lucius lifted his hips, rocking with Severus, encouraging him to move faster, harder. "Let go," he murmured into Severus' ear, "I know you want to. Severus, let go." Groaning harshly, Severus slammed in once, let his head fall forward and bit at Lucius' shoulder to keep control; pulled back, jerked his hips, and though he bit down on his lip, called out Lucius' name as the room dissolved around him.

Almost tenderly, Lucius gathered Severus in his arms and held him against his chest. He pressed a kiss to Severus' forehead. Severus was shaking, hips stuttering over Lucius', crushing his cock between them. He kept his eyes tightly closed. Frowning, probably feeling the tremors moving through Severus' body, Lucius stroked his back. "Severus? Are you all right?"

"It's too much," Severus choked out. His body had not felt right to him since he rose in the tub, maybe even earlier, like something utterly outside his own power.

"What is?" Lucius rolled Severus over onto his back, leaning over him. His fingers hesitantly touched Severus' face.

Severus wanted to take the fingers in his mouth and suck them, for the comfort of sucking and so that he did not have to speak. "I'm sorry. I must have been in the bath too long," he muttered.

Lucius didn't reply to this right away. He tucked a stray strand of hair behind Severus' ear. "I hate it when you lie to me," he said eventually.

"I'm not lying," Severus evaded. "It has been a long day, and it's been...a long time."

"It has indeed," Lucius agreed, slowly, tracing a finger over Severus' cheek. "And perhaps all of this was a bit much."

Severus tried to rouse himself, knowing that Lucius had not come when he had specifically asked for it. "What would you like?"

"Don't worry about it, Severus. I -- it -- Lost interest. I can wait." The pain, thought Severus as Lucius rolled onto his back again and pulled Severus against him. Immediately he was sorry, as he had known he would be.

"Did I hurt you very much? Let me get my wand..."

Lucius' arms tightened a bit, preventing Severus from moving away. "I thought I said not to worry. I'm fine."

Severus did not want to worry; he wanted to close his eyes and stop thinking. "Make sure," he told himself, then realized that he had spoken aloud.

"Make sure... Severus. I'm fine. Honestly."

"Do you want...to sleep?" Severus asked, trying not to sound too hopeful.

Lucius stretched a little and then nodded. "I think so, yes. Will you stay?"

"Yes," promised Severus at once. If it was too submissive, there was nothing he could do about it; he did not have the will to quarrel. Then Lucius smiled, letting out a happy little humming noise. Squirming, he sat up and gather up the blankets to pull around them.

It was warmer in the bed than it had been under the water, and Severus felt his tightening skin trying to settle back into place. His mind kept offering flashes of images and sensation from earlier, but he banished them.

There would be time enough for them to haunt him in dreams.