_I've gone completely insane!_ What am I doing preparing to meet this woman? Do I believe her promises for the coming session? And yet, this also feels right...
I glance around at my computer, desk, and chair to check everything is according to her specifications. While I reread the instructions she has sent me, my fingers trace across the small package on my desk that I have left unopened as she requested.
What is in there? _What the hell am I doing, allowing a woman I don't know to take charge like this_.
I head for my bathroom to finish getting dressed. But no, this isn't the usual shirt and slacks kind of getting dressed. There will be no dinner, no stroll in the park... heck, there will be nobody to pick up or calling at my door, even though I long for this to finally happen again.
I gaze into the mirror, watching my hands brush out the wrinkles of the catsuit along my slender limbs and toned torso. Not bad. I'm not the sporty type, but I'm not fat either. I've found some great women. But no one who shares my interests. Vanilla is great, don't get me wrong. But what's wrong with adding a little spice?
I don't bother to comb my tangled sandy hair, as it will be hidden soon enough. But I take a moment to stare into my light brown eyes. All I've seen of her, and will ever see, are her aquamarine eyes. She shows nothing else. Even the skin around them is always concealed, no doubt through a combination of camera filters and make-up. I have no clue about the shape of her face, skin, or hair colour -- let alone the shape of her body. And yet, her voice and her eyes are all I need. Her gaze sees right through me. Her voice creeps under my skin.
I take a last look at my pale skin, scoop up the hood and get to work hiding my own features. Just like I am not allowed to see her, she insists on my guarding my identity, as well. Even during our preparatory interview, these rules were already in place.
I finish settling the hood around my face and zip it closed. I padlock the zipper to my catsuit as instructed and leave the key on the bathroom sink. My knees are shaking when I sit down at the computer and open the link she has sent me.
"Hello, Gorgeous!" Her eyes are smiling into the camera, and once again, nothing else of her is visible. I can't even detect a sheen or the material of a mask. For all intents and purposes, she is eyes and voice only.
"Hello, Pixie." My mouth is dry, and my voice raspy as I ensure my headset is secure over my latex-covered head.
"Now, have you been a good boy and done everything I asked you to?"
I nod.
"Have you lost your tongue?"
"Sorry." I twist my fingers in my lap as I try to control myself. "I'm both curious and scared as to what will happen."
"First time you've ever done something like this?" Her eyes bore into me, and I forget anything else in the room but them and her sultry tones.
"Yes. I've always fantasized but never met someone who would... explore with me."
"Let's see if we can change that." Her voice feels ageless. There is a slight lilt to it, but I can't place the accent. "You did say you want to find someone, and I always strive to keep my promises."
"But --"
"Do you trust me?"
I nod.
"You'll see then. Now, let's go over the setup together, so you feel comfortable and can fully let go. Start with your chair: place it further back for me so I can see all of you."
I push back from the desk and roll the chair further away from the computer.
"A little more... oh, you have a wonderfully toned body." The appreciation in her voice sends a shiver down my spine. "Do you have a lamp you could place next to you?"
"Hang on. I can redirect the spots."
"Excellent. I want to see you in your full glory," she purrs, making my knees shake as I see to the lighting. "You do want to give me a show, right?"
My mouth is too dry to respond. But my cock does it for me.
"I'll take that as a yes." There is laughter in her voice, and as I turn back to the screen, her eyes seem to dance. "Sit down again, and let's have a look at you."
My knees almost buckle as I do as I'm told. Despite the light now trained on me, I feel like I'm in a thick haze.
"Oh, you shined your suit up for me. Excellent! Now, let's test the restraints you added to the chair. No, don't put your wrists in yet. I want you to know you are safe."
I look down at the armrests to which I have secured steel cuffs following her specifications. Suddenly they latch closed of their own accord. I can hear the same happening to the cuffs attached under the seat for my ankles and the steel collar behind my head. The thought that they will soon be holding me has my hand seeking my cock.
"Oh no, Gorgeous. You keep your hands away. Just a little restraint, that's all we need. Now, say your safe word."
"Ice cube." The cuffs snap open loudly.
"And you know that if you ever use it, the scene ends immediately. We use the traffic light system if you need anything to slow down or stop. Your safe word directly activates the restraints. So if either of us were to lose connection you can still use it."
"Thank you."
"Then let's secure the chair."
I put the breaks on the castors and loop chains around the central column under the seat. A padlock secures them to several fixed points around the room: the legs of the heavy desk, the struts supporting the slanting ceiling of my little attic studio, and the heavy iron frame of my bed. Each click resonates through me, like a mechanism slowly closing in, ready to claim me.
"I could watch your muscles ripple for hours. And your butt is amazing. I'd love to run my fingers over it. Oh no, you don't need to do it for me," she adds when my hands brush up against my hips. "Let me just fantasize what I could do with you while you continue your work."
I lug the metal weights she had me get over to the chair and arrange them around its base. I loop more chains around the armrests, padlocking these to the weights, while I listen to her ooh and aah at my physique and movements.
"Perfect. Now we can be sure you won't roll off or topple the chair over."
"Why on earth --?"
"Patience. Let's get to your present."
I walk over to the desk again and open the parcel, allowing her to watch. She had this sent to me at my cost once we had agreed on a price range and my likes and dislikes. But based on the size of the box and the price, it could be anything.
"Are you looking forward to wearing this for me?"
"I've been wondering what it is all day."
"Any guesses?"
"A gag, perhaps."
"Would you like to be gagged?"
"It can't be, can it?" I laugh nervously. "The safe word wouldn't work then."
"I see you still have some of your wits about you." There is a teasing undertone. "But if you like the idea, nothing is stopping you from exploring it, Gorgeous."
I finally have the wrapping off and stare at the little box in my hands.
"Thoughts?"
"I've fantasized about these but never worn one before."
"We'll go slowly. Use plenty of lube."
I find the included tube of lube, unzip my crotch and set to work under her watchful eye. I'm thankful for the hood now, as the humiliation of fingering my own butt in front of this unknown woman would be very apparent. But even so...
"Ah. I thought your little friend would like that."
I screw my eyes, ignoring the urge to grab my cock.
"Easy there, cowboy. We'll soon take care of that."
"Maybe you shouldn't work via the internet, then that wouldn't be a problem," I groan as I push a second finger into myself.
"And where's the fun in that? It will be all the more rewarding for you if you keep your hands off your little friend. I promise. But tell me: would you really like to have a woman do this to you?"
"I asked my previous partner to explore a little, but she wouldn't hear of it."
"Too bad, sugar. Let's hope the next one will embrace you for who you are."
I pant as I push a third finger in.
"Add a little more lube, there's a good boy."
It's surreal to be talking about my ex with this woman -- well, actually this pair of eyes and voice -- with three fingers up my butt. I resolutely grab the desk in front of me with my free hand to steady myself and ensure my fingers don't stray to "my little friend." But it is almost as if my cock is getting what it needs, as it gives another appreciative throb when my fingers graze across...
"Ah, you discovered your prostate. I think we can try the plug now."
I look at the buttplug standing to attention mere inches from my steadying hand.
"Go on. You'll love it."
My hands seem to have a mind of their own. Slowly, I impale myself with the cool latex. The first inch or so is easy, but then I seize up.
"Listen carefully and do exactly what I say." Her voice has lost its sultry undertone. "Hold the plug there and stroke your little friend slowly. I am watching your every move. So don't think about going for it."
"Yes, Pixie," I moan.
"Breathe slowly and deeply. Take your time to relax."
Her vice becomes my world. Soon I have buried half the plug inside me, but I am still struggling. So she directs my breathing, instructs my stroking hand, and how to slowly fuck my ass with the plug.
"Sniff the air in ever so slowly and gently rub your little friend for me... Yes, that's it. Keep going and breathe out as slowly as you can... No, keep it slow. Hold the buttplug there and add a little more pressure and twisting to your hand job."
To my amazement, the plug is slowly sucked into me. My shaking fingers are no longer pushing and forcing it past my sphincter but just guiding. And then, all of a sudden, my butt swallows the plug. I gasp in surprise as I look up into her smiling eyes.
"How does that feel, Gorgeous?"
"I'm so full," I gasp.
"Oh, sure. But do you like it?"
My hands find the base of the plug and push against it as I try to explore the sensation of being impaled. Sure it isn't big, but it felt huge going in. And now I feel stuffed. My cock nods its consent.
"I want to see how long I can wear it," I grin sheepishly as I zip my catsuit closed over its base.
"You should be comfortable for a while. Tell me if it gets sore."
"Yes, Pixie."
"I like how my name sounds coming from your lips. Now, are you ready to sit down and trust me?"
I make my way back to the chair as my answer. Once seated, I test that the chair is going nowhere and then lift my feet, searching for the spreader bar I have installed under the seat. I settle my ankles into the waiting cuffs, lean back and align the open steel collar I have attached to the backrest after some trial and error, and place my wrists into their waiting cuffs.
"Say the words, Gorgeous."
"I trust you, Pixie." My voice wavers, but I hold her gaze.
For a while, nothing happens. I could still get up and move away from the chair. But as I gaze into those eyes, I relax. That must be what she was waiting for because, suddenly, all five restraints claim me with a loud click as they swing closed.
"You look absolutely yummy." Her voice purrs in my ears. "Just think what a woman could do to you, now. And you couldn't resist at all. But you would take it like the wonderful man you are, wouldn't you?"
"Yes," I croak.
"Even if she would decide to play with your nipples."
"Yes."
"Flog you?"
"Yes."
"Edge you for hours?"
"Mm." The cuffs are too tight to allow me to form fists. The collar stops me from turning my head away from that intense stare.
"Just listen to my voice, Gorgeous. Let me take you on a journey. Let me show you what is possible. Just ease your breathing for me. Let your breath become a soft slither tickling its way through your nose and throat."
I just gaze into her eyes and listen to her soft voice. To my amazement, I relax even more as she continues.
"Now, imagine the woman of your dreams just watching you. Taking in every curve of you: Your little bobbing friend between your thighs. Every ripple of your muscles. May she watch you and drink you in?"
"Yes."
"Feel her gaze. Imagine her reaction to your gorgeous body on display. Allow her to become as real as your imagination can make her."
"She's amazing." I gasp as my mind follows her instructions with ease.
"Now, she steps forward and runs her fingers across your chest. You are so open, so helpless. Feel your muscles respond. You can't stop her from tickling you, digging her nails in, or slapping you. You would like that, wouldn't you?"
"Yes."
I suck in my breath as her words conjure up feelings so real, I could swear it's actually happening to me. The more she continues, the realer it gets, until --
"Go on. What is her hair colour?"
"Auburn," I murmur.
"Eyes?"
"Hazel and grey."
"Mouth?"
"Oh, so soft. So warm!"
"Where is she?"
"On my neck. Her tongue is tracing along my clavicle."
 _Fuck, this feels so real!_ I want to arch my back and lean into her. But I measured the spacing of the restraints so well I barely have an inch.
"Tell me what she is doing?"
"She is kissing my neck. I can feel her hair brush against my lips."
"What do you want her to do?"
"Anything! Just don't stop!"
"So, if she just hangs out around your neck, you would be satisfied?"
I groan in response. My eyes close as I savour the feelings. After a while, the sensations shift to my chest. I could swear her fingers are crinkling the latex as they travel along my torso. My ears proclaim they can hear the sounds, my nipples harden in anticipation of her touch.
I have no time or mind left to explore how this is happening. The room is empty. The door is locked. Pixie is who knows where on earth. And yet all my senses swear there is a woman right here with me: leaning over my restrained body, fondling me. I can even smell the flowery scent of shampoo.
My eyes snap open, expecting to see those aquamarine eyes on the screen again, but they can't. My heart hammers in my chest as I realize someone is leaning over me. Someone with auburn locks spilling out of the top of a black latex hood has taken my nipple into her mouth, sucking and tenderly biting it through the thin latex.
She climbs into my lap, and just to ensure there is no doubt as to the reality of what is happening, the chair registers the added weight with a dull creaking sound.
My hands want to wrap around her latex-clad waist. I want to taste her lips or take a nipple into my mouth. Instead, I am left to explore her curves with my eyes.
"Do you want her to continue?" Pixie asks.
"Yes!" I moan.
"I want to as well," the goddess in my lap murmurs. Her voice is melodic and bubbly, hinting at how much she is enjoying herself. "Or I wouldn't have come."
She looks up at me, searching my eyes, as her fingers continue to trail across my nipples, pinching them every once in a while.
"Do you want me?" Her lips form the words so beautifully. The black latex sets off her painted coral lips.
I nod as she rocks her hips, letting the tip of my cock brush against her pussy. Her knees dig into my thighs, pushing me into the seat. I gasp as the buttplug drives deeper into me.
She picks up speed as she rocks in my lap, my cock sometimes gets to slip between her lips, but her position ensures it can't go any deeper. Her fingers are trailing all over my body, adding to the torment of her pussy taunting my eager cock.
All of a sudden, I feel something in my butt. My cock nudges her lips as it dawns on me that the buttplug must be a vibrator. She leans down and takes one of my nipples into her mouth again.
"No, let me!" I beg.
"Let you what?"
"May I suck you?"
She gives a wicked smile and raises herself onto her knees. I groan as I realize I've just asked her to remove her warm folds from the tip of my cock. But my groan is stifled quickly by the soft, round, latex-covered breast that mushes against my lips. Her legs leave my lap, and when she pulls back, I realize she has seated herself astride my trapped arms, her pussy just out of reach of my begging cock.
"Let's see how good you are." She arches her back and guides her breast to my waiting mouth.
The taste and smell of latex fill me as I get to work. My tongue explores the perk nipple, tickling little moans out of her. Once it is hard, my lips close around it, and I suck ever harder, listening to the crescendo of her voice. When my teeth claim the tender bud, her gasps rip through me. I pull back, waiting for her to present her other breast. But she scrambles back into my lap and raises herself onto her knees, pushing her cunt against my mouth.
As my tongue slips into her, I am treated to a new kaleidoscope of groans and gasps. All that matters is my tongue deep inside her, experiencing her musky taste; My nose rubbing against her clit, breathing in her sweet scent; my cock dancing to the beat of the vibrator, hoping against hope that it will find some release.
"Stop, or I'll cum," she gasps. "No. I mean it."
She pulls away panting, her knees shaking on my thigh bones.
"But don't you want to?"
"Not like this." She gets off my lap and leans over me.
My cock is praying for her attention. I can only see her auburn locks pooling over her hood. As light as a butterfly, her lips kiss my tip.
She lowers herself next to the chair. Her eyes gaze up at me as her fingers wrap around my shaft and answer my cocks prayer. I forget to breathe as I tumble into her eyes. My cock is trembling and yet, enjoying each of her movements like a kitten savouring its owner's hand.
I build fast, my groans getting ever more insistent. My muscles trembling to be allowed to move and add to her excellent hand job.
"Yes!... Oh Fuck!" I grit my teeth, my eyes closing, my head wanting to fall to my chest, my back trying to arch.
Suddenly her hand is gone, and the vibrations stop in my butt.
"Don't stop!... Please!"
"Not like this." She shakes her head and climbs back into my lap. Once again, she starts rocking, allowing my cock to trace along her folds, igniting hope.
"Go on." I moan when I can't take it anymore.
"I can't."
"But you said you..."
"No, I said 'not like this.' The armrests are in the way for me to straddle you."
"Then we unlock my restraints. I can use my safe wo-"
Her hand covers my mouth. "Shh! If you do, I'm gone. Remember what Pixie said."
"Are you real?" I croak.
"I am, and I am not."
"How?"
She places a finger on my lips as she continues to rock her pussy over the tip of my cock. "Pixie thought we might like each other. So she invited me to take a look."
"You said you wanted to find someone." I jump as much as my bonds allow. I had completely forgotten she is watching and listening.
"But..."
"Pixie is not only a name," comes the cryptic response from my headphones. My mind is so fogged up by arousal. I can't grasp what she is implying. "Shall I show you?"
"What do you mean?"
Suddenly, my lap is empty, and I'm staring back into those aquamarine eyes again.
"Nooo! Where is she?"
"Are you sure you want her?"
"Yes, if she'll have me. Oh, please. I'll do anything."
There is no response, but she continues to stare at me sternly. Pixie is not only a name. I thought they were just a fairytale. Is this pixie magic? It explains why she only shows her eyes...
Well, she has me scared now that I might never see this woman again. This woman who stole my --
Suddenly, Pixie's eyes change and soften. "She wants you, too. So, let's see if you two are serious."
"What? Can't she come back now?"
"Your time is almost up, Gorgeous. And your butt will start hurting soon."
"I can keep going. I can pay."
"That's not how it works. I want to be sure she is in good hands. So, listen closely."
My cock throbs as I wait for her to continue. But it feels like a few minutes before she says anything.  
"You will abstain until you two meet. She has just confirmed that she will be at Vinci's on Friday at eight o'clock."
"That's three days from now!"
"And she is worth it, isn't she?"
"Yes, but..."
"If you both still like each other, then you will have an amazing weekend together."
"And if I can't abstain?"
Suddenly, I feel hands handling my dick and balls. A ring is fitted snuggly around my scrotum. I try to look down but can't see anything.
"Relax and let it happen," Pixie instructs. "Or the deal is up."
My cock is guided into a cold cage. It protests the manhandling and its ignored desires. But it finally shrinks and is engulfed by the steel prison. But the captive doesn't give up without a fight, continuing to proclaim its urge, its need... its helplessness. With a snap, the tube grips onto the ring. The hands tug on the device, securing something and then suddenly vanish.
"That will help you, won't it? You still can pee and shower, and your blood flow won't be restricted in any way."
I just stare down my nose at my lap, but I can't see anything from this angle.
"Your love has the key. If you want out earlier, use your safe word, and it will unlock. But then she will not be at Vinci's on Friday."
"And if there is an emergency?"
"You contact me. Your love and I will determine whether it is warranted. If for some reason you don't want to move forward with her, you leave the restaurant and use your safe word."
My mind is racing. The last hour was surreal. I'm still grappling with the question of whether it actually happened. But my cock assures me it was all real, as it strains against its prison.
"Do we have a deal?"
The restraints snap open, and before I know it, my hands are inspecting my cock's prison. "Yes." I get up, only to fall to my knees. "I'll do anything for her."
"Then there is a key on your desk you will want to take along to your date. It unlocks a little something she has just put on for you. The same rules hold true for her. Consider the time you spent together just now as your foreplay for what is to come."