Next Morning - Liberty Diner 

Jenny was on one of the counter stools at the Liberty Diner when she felt either side of her shaded by the addition of two warm bodies sitting right next to her. She was enjoying her breakfast, given to her for free by her grandmother, Debbie Novotny. She was on the short stack of fluffy buttermilk pancakes, the very last of her food intake.

Brian reached over Jenny's head for a menu, kissing the dark curls. "What's good here, Lady Jenny?

Michael folded his arms over the counter top, already knowing what he wanted this morning. He stared in awe at how much his daughter had already gulped down from the previous plates.

Having taken a huge bite of pancake with syrup, Jenny pushed the batter to the side of her mouth and turned to Brian. "… pwan-cake-s." She tried to eek out as she swallowed the delicious food.

"Don't talk with your mouth full, honey." Michael reprimanded as he upturned his coffee mug on the saucer.

Jenny motioned her thumb toward Brian. "… he ask'd." She answered on her final swallow.

Michael glanced over Jenny's head at Brian. "Don't encourage her to have bad table manners, Brian."

Brian tilted his head in a soft tease. "Give me a lifetime and an appropriate age to start hindering her emotional growth, then I can really do some damage." He turned back to look over the menu.

Michael crossed his arms again on the counter top. "Will do." He hoped Brian would consider the "lifetime" comment.

Jenny secretly smiled to herself, placing her utensils near her plate. Her hand moved to pick up the napkin she had eloquently spread over her lap, wiping her mouth of stickiness.

Brian didn't know exactly how to read what Michael had meant with his statement, but he was certain it had substance. He frowned, noticing the emptiness of the Diner's atmosphere without a certain loudmouth. "Where's your mother?"

Michael shrugged, pulling an arm up to lean a cheek on a hand. He shook his head, glancing down at Jenny in her miniature perfection. He reached out to pretend as if he were fixing her hair, even though every strand were in place. "Speaking of mothers, how did this morning go?"

Jenny picked up her plastic cup of orange juice, trying to aerodynamically pinpoint the straw to her mouth.

Brian glanced down, recognizing the same move as one of Michael's. He was going to miss moments like this, when he could see that the Novotny quirks would never end with Michael. "How are those merry munchers?!"

"BRIAN!" Michael couldn't believe that Brian wouldn't let up, even in front of Jenny.

Jenny never acknowledged the inference. She simply took the words as Brian's "way". "… mommy an' Linds are gonna have a birthday part for me... when I get home."

Michael squinted his eyes in confusion. "Your birthday isn't for another two months."

"Maybe it's a Canadian thing." Brian chimed in.

"What? Brian... quiet." Michael's interest was peeked. "Go on, sweetie."

"Sorry." Brian mumbled, spinning around to stand. He took off his coat and scarf, laying them on the stool. "I'll stop speaking now and go in search of some grub for us, darling." The sentence would have been fine on its own, but Brian punctuated the words by a wet peck and a slight ruffling of Michael's hair.

Michael sat and took the torture. He watched Brian leave, muttering a "be-have" as Brian stepped backward through the Diner's kitchen door. "Now... explain exactly what's being planned for you."

"… for me an' Linds." Jenny softly corrected her father's words.

"Excuse me?"

Jenny pushed herself forward, sitting almost like her father. "… i's not jus' my birthday... i's for a bunch of things..."

"Liiiike?" Michael gently prodded.

"… me goin' home... to Tor-on-to..."

Michael inwardly cringed at that word. He hoped Jenny knew she had a "home" with him, wherever he was. "Yes, I know."

"… Linds gotta new job."

Michael hadn't expected that, but wasn't impressed much. "That's nice."

"… an' my birthday too..." Jenny simply stated not bothering to explain further.

"Okay..." Michael knew there had to be more to the decision to celebrate so many things at once.

"… mommy said Linds won' be there for my 'real' birthday..."

"On account of the new job." Michael filled in the blanks.

"… yup."

"Is she going away?"

Jenny nodded her head. "Yes." She hung her head in some other consequence to her words. "... for 'while, I think."

Michael was a little more relieved. He had thought he may have forgotten his own child's birthday. "So... are you excited?" He didn't pick up on Jenny's somber mood, he'd been distracted by a few expressively loud patrons coming through the door.

Jenny sighed, sitting up slightly straight. "… nope, not really."

Michael chuckled, thinking she sounded like the weight of the world was on her tiny shoulders. "Well, that's no way to feel about a party."

"… othur kids are silly..."

"Silly? How 'silly' are we talking?"

"… they run 'round -- screamin', chasin' othur kids... sumtimes they kick or pinch... they don' wanna share toys or play games fair... they spin 'round in cir-culls an' get diz-ee... an' they put stuff in their mow-ths, eat stuff off the floor – a dirty floor... reallyreallyreally silly, Daddy."

Michael could imagine that scenario on his own. He knew he could barely stand some of Gus' parties years ago. Jenny had a good point. "You don't have to hang around those types of kids, honey."

"… no one likes me, Daddy."

"What?" Michael was floored. The words came out plainly and succinct. Almost as if this had happened on more than one occasion. "No. Come on." He reached out to rub Jenny's back, tenderly comforting her.

“... yes, Daddy... they said 'm 'weird'...” Jenny's face appeared as if she had come to some agreement in her head that this was simply the way things would be. "… I don' act my age... I don' play like 'em... I don' talk like 'em... 'm differ'nt..."

"Well, sweetie, that's their loss. You're better off without them. Take it from me, being an 'oddball' kid, myself... it isn't fun at times, but once-n-awhile..." Michael shook his head, thinking about those long ago lonely days before he met Brian. "... something good can happen."

“I know.” Jenny nodded her head, crossing her tiny forearms on the counter and leaning her head down in silent misery. "… mommy wan's me to be frien's... I try, Daddy... I do... lots of kids are in-vit'd to my party, but..." She shook her head, saddened. "… now othur kids 'round our house in Toronto are comin'... an' sum of mommy an' Linds' frien's kids..." She still couldn't explain what was going wrong.

"Wow. That sounds like quite a few rugrats to handle."

“... I don' care...” Jenny's eyes caught her father's in earnest. "… no one comes to play wit' me, anyway... they like mommy's games... the cake... the stuff Linds' han's out..."

Michael slipped closer, making the conversation between them very private. "Have you told Mommy any of this?"

"...yup...” Jenny blurted out, but then shut her eyes. “... kinda..."

Michael reached out a hand to comb through the back of Jenny's long, plaited hair. "What does that mean?"

"… I tol' mommy, but she said i's happ'nin' anyway... I don' hav' to like it..."

“That doesn't seem fair to you.” Michael scrunched his brow in quiet fury. "The party can't only be about Lindsay. What's gonna happen when it is your birthday? I can't see the justification of having another one." He blinked his eyes in amazement. "Are you sure this is what's going to happen when you get back?"

"… yup..." Jenny lifted her head, patting her father's arm. "… 'm us'd to it..." She slid off the stool, coming around the other side of the counter. She found what she wanted, walking back to take her seat.

Michael looked toward the kitchen door. He thanked God that Brian wasn't here to listen in, then wondered where the hell he had gotten to. "I'm not sure I like hearing that you're 'used to' things at your age." He then moved to view the cook's window.

Two plates appeared out of the blue.

Brian was soon following, picking up the plates on his way to his own stool. He waved and told the Chef, "Thanks!". He gave Michael one, patting the hunched shoulder. He could tell something was up by the pained, slightly confused look of Michael's face. It was also odd that Jenny had become so quiet suddenly. "What'd I miss?"

"Nuthin'." Michael mumbled as he put a napkin over his lap, pouring syrup and quickly digging into his delicious food. The topic of discussion was better served once he had time to think about certain things and when it would be more private with Brian.

Brian understood the silent treatment he was receiving, he knew better than to push the issue. "I'll talk to Schmidt today."

"Oh, yeah? About what?" Michael was glad for the change of subject.

Brian raised an eyebrow in question. "What do you think?"

Michael already knew, he simply loved yanking Brian's chain. "I don't know. What do I think?"

Brian quickly stood to pick up the caffeine-ated coffee pot and pour himself a cup. He found Michael a bottle of cranberry juice cocktail in the mini-fridge. He opened the plastic bottle, pouring out the contents. He threw in the straw as an afterthought. "What we were talking about last night." After rigging up the coffee, he took a tentative sip. He had no idea what it would taste like this morning. He was shocked at the tasty brew. Debbie must have been late today.

"We talked about a lot of things." Michael let his plastic straw revolve around the glass lip before he took a sip of cool juice. "Could you be more specific?"

"Don't make me come over there to kick your ass."

"There's plenty of things I'd love for you to do to my ass, but kicking's not one of them."

Jenny swiveled around, grabbing up her cup and warm jacket. "Booth's free!" She hurriedly jumped down to snag their "usual" hot spot in the Diner. She got the seats mostly for Brian and her father.

Brian made a shocked face, licked and sucked an index finger of sausage grease, then struck the air as if Michael had scored "one point" against him. "Good one, Mikey."

Michael picked up his plate, his glass and leaned over toward Brian as he was sliding off his stool. "I know I am... you said so last night." He walked out of Brian's reach, crawling onto the bench seat before Jenny. He knew she liked to peter around the kitchenette.

"Ooo, that's two in row. I may have to bear down to catch up." Brian trailed behind Michael, with his own plate and coffee mug. He slid into the seat across from Michael and Jenny. "… soooo..." He watched as both father and daughter avoided him and any thought of bringing him up to speed on what, or whom, they had conversed about. "... Lady Jenny, how goes it up in the Great White North?" He began to scoop up his scrambled eggs.

Jenny sighed. "It goes, Brian, it goes."

From the monotone way Jenny spoke, Brian could sense something was wrong. "What's Smelly Melly done now?"

Jenny had just taken a sip of her juice, nearly catching it coming out of her nostrils as she giggled loud.

"Brian, please!" Michael picked up a napkin to help clean up some of the spilt beverage.

Jenny took over the cleaning. "… thanks, Daddy... I got it..."

"What? She's heard me use that reference before. It's nothing new."

"Yeah, get a better routine. But show some damn respect for my daughter's mother."

Jenny patted her father's arm. "… i's all right, Daddy... I know i's Brian's way."

"My 'what'?" Brian balked, his eyes growing large.

"Brian's 'what'?" Michael wasn't sure he heard correctly.

Jenny folded her hands on the table top. "… i's how you are..." She looked over at Brian as she explained, unflinching.

"How I am 'what'?" Brian was perplexed by that simple comment. He never expected it to come back and haunt him.

"Brian, don't get snippy. She's making a simple observation. And... she's just a child."

"Jenny's a very perceptive child, Michael. I'm intrigued to hear what she has to say." Brian continued to eat, one ear elevated to listen closely as he attempted to digest both the food and words coming at him.

"… you don' like mommy much...."

"Correct, but wrong. She hated me first."

Michael rolled his eyes, taking a sip of juice. "Does that really matter?"

"Yes. Yes it does." Brian stated clearly.

Michael let his knife clank on his plate, telling Brian he was getting close to misbehavior. Soon he might find a sneaky way to kick some hidden shins under the table.

"Sorry, Jenny. I'm listening. I promise." Brian pretended to put on his listening ears, which made the little girl smirk, like her father.

“... nuthin' else...” Jenny glanced between her father and Brian, shrugging her shoulders. "... no one likes everybody the same... even fam'ly..."

Brian and Michael paused in their eating, both looking at one another. Something was much more wrong than either of them knew.

"Whoa, there... whoa..." Brian set down his fork, wiping a napkin over his lips. "Why am I getting this strange feeling this just became about more than Mel and I?"

Jenny averted her eyes, trying to scoot off the benchseat.

Michael had felt Jenny growing ashamed and more introvert than usual. "Apparently, Jenny isn't prepared to go back home quite yet." He tried to grab her before she left, but knew she needed some space.

Jenny was half-on, half-off the seat.

"Why not?" Brian sat back, extremely curious.

"Daddy, no." Jenny wasn't sure she wanted Brian to know any of this. She didn't like angering him more.

"Jenny, Brian should know what's going on. Like you always say... we're family."

Brian didn't like the dejected look that came over Jenny's face. He knew she hated being the cause of so much trouble.

"… I do wanna go home, but..." Jenny didn't know how to say what she really meant, in such a public place, minutes before everyone had to go to work.

"But what?" Brian wasn't comprehending the dirty little secret Jenny felt she had to hide. "Michael, what's going on?"

Jenny cleared her throat, twisting her napkin in her hands. "… I wanna go back... aff-tur my birthday... aff-tur..." She got up to step behind the counter to find something new to get into and forget.

Brian wrinkled his brow as he watched Jenny walk away. "What the hell happened while I was gone... for five minutes?" Michael wasn't speaking, his eyes were on his daughter, closely investigating her body movements. "Michael... her birthday is almost three months away. I thought..."

Michael moved to look across to Brian, a certain sadness to his eyes for Jenny's predicament. "Her birthday is two months away."

"Fine, but what--?"

"Lindsay has a new job."

"So whoop-tee-fuc-... freakin'-do!"

Michael stifled a chuckle. "Lindsay won't be around in two months, apparently."

"Okay, but why--?" Brian still wasn't clear on why Jenny looked defeated.

"Lindsay's job will take her away from Toronto on Jenny's fifth birthday, so it looks like Mel is making the party a... uh, conglomerate of celebrations."

“Linds misses one birthday. It's not the end of the world.” Brian shrugged one shoulder. "She's not going to be taken hostage or off doing mission work for years on end. She'll be back."

"This is what they want to do when Jenny returns." Michael made it seem like that was the final word.

"What?" Brian shook his head, not sure Michael was aware of some things. “Make her feel more insignificant than she usually does?” He thought he'd have time to tell them or let Jenny speak on her own. He didn't know his time frame anymore.

"Brian..." Michael put up a hand in warning. "... don't..."

"Don't what? Take a stand when I think something's wrong or unfair? Or try to make things better than what they were?" Brian took a sip of his coffee, then leaned forward, arms on the table. "I can't believe you'd sit there and let this go on, right under your nose. This is the very thing I've been working to prevent. It's why we have Jenny here in The Pitts with us, in the first place."

"I don't want to start any trouble. Doing anything right now could very well jeopardize my custody of Jenny as it stands. I'm sure they both have some fairly choice words about me keeping Jenny this long."

"Barely even one month, Michael."

"Brian..." Michael took a deep breath, trying to gain some composure. "I heard about the situation five seconds before you did. I need some time to think on it."

Brian was more uncertain of where Michael's head was truly at. The initial guilt of having Jenny and keeping her longer than expected weighed heavily on him. "Look, before you even think about caving in, you need to know exactly where they both are in the scheme of all this."

“I refuse to make my own daughter a tattletale.” Michael shook his head, sitting back, arms across his chest. "She feels like she's the cause of this more than she should."

"That's not what I'm suggesting."

"Then what are you suggesting?" Michael came back to leaning over the table, closer to Brian.

"Use... me."

Michael shut his eyes. He had hoped for something more brilliant than that suggestion. "Brian... I can't..." He began shaking his head, a sly smirk on his face.

Brian could sense that Michael was too caught up in his own mind to see straight. He knew the offer was taken out of context. "Hear me out. Use me as your 'decoy'." Michael still wasn't on the same page, yet. "They... Mel and Linds... have no idea to how close we've become."

Michael loved hearing how easy it was for Brian to come right out and say what he truly felt, so passionately. "Yes, okay. You've got my attention."

"Let me call my good ole friend Lindsay and check to see what's up. What's going on in her Blond Ambition noggin."

"Brian, I won't--"

"What? Let me care about you? About Jenny?"

"No. I won't let you put your friendship with Lindsay at risk for me or my daughter. I would hate to see something like that done to us."

"Michael... please..." Brian was sure Michael hadn't really meant to say that. Did he not recall how life started off, during Melanie's pregnancy? How the girls had turned Brian against Michael's position as father to the unborn child? "You're too fuckin' sweet for your own good, Michael. Get selfish, for Christ's sake. Fight for something you want."

"Which would be?" Michael let another grin slip out.

"The family you always dreamed of since you were a kid. Even if it fucks conventionalism up its ass... you have some fatherly rights here that you've been denied for far too long."

"You want me to fight for full custody of Jenny?"

“If that's what you hear me say and what you really want to happen.” Brian sat back, nearly exhausted. "Find a way to be happy, content."

"I am. With you."

"Bullshit."

"No, not bullshit. I mean it."

Brian waggled his finger at Michael. "You're a good liar, but not a great one. Your eyes never lie." He reached across the table top to grab for Michael's forearm. "No matter how good it is between us, in your heart you'll always try for something better. Whatever is between you and I it should never become something you consider a factor in having Jenny."

Michael covered his palm over Brian's hand, rubbing the unusually soft skin. "I do have something better than what I once had. Or at the very least, it's enough. For now. I don't want or need things to be too good. There'll be nowhere for me to go, but down."

"And people call me the 'Drama Queen'."

"I think we're equal. I just mask it well."

"Not from me." Brian allowed one side of his mouth to creak up.

"No, you're right." Michael brought up a hand to hide his sweet smile. “Never from you.”

Brian pulled away, placing a napkin over his nearly empty plate. "I gotta go."

Michael blinked his eyes, not expecting the conversation to be over so soon. "Now?"

Brian was picking up his briefcase, scarf and coat. "Don't you have your own business to run?"

"Maybe. I was thinking I could call in sick."

“Don't beat yourself in the head with this.” Brian stood, putting on his coat, wrapping the scarf about his neck. "Not until you know the full truth."

"Okay."

"Agreed?"

Michael shrugged, nonchalantly. "Yeah, I guess."

Brian stepped over to Michael, pulling back the locks of spikes in front of the ebony hairline. "Next time... more enthusiasm." He chucked Michael's chin, running the finger down the roughly stubbled cheek. He thought about it, then decided to do what he had been wanting to do for quite awhile now. He smooched Michael's lips... hard. "... and, next time... more tongue."

"… you leavin', Brian?"

Brian felt the small body slightly nudge his legs. "Do I have your permission, Lady Jenny?" He turned to hold her to his shape.

"… de-pens... do I get a kiss?" Jenny didn't even lift up her head in expectation.

"I got better than that." Brian hefted Jenny in his arms, proceeding to make a fool out of himself... like any adoring father would to his own child. He could care less. Jenny was smiling and soon giggling like the little girl she was. He set her right in his arms, fixing her clothes properly. "Take care of your Dad for me... 'kay?"

Jenny was pulling at her own clothes, straightening the wrinkles. "Always do." She wanted to be put down. As she reached the floor, she sidled up to her father's side.

Brian glanced down at father and daughter, so alike in looks and manners. "Pick you two up at the usual time?" He was fixing his coat collar, reaching for his briefcase.

Michael arched his neck, looking up to Brian as he hooked Jenny to his side with one arm. "Nah... half-day today."

"Lucky you."

Michael chuckled, shaking his head while placing a kiss to the top of Jenny's dark curls. "Did you forget you're your own boss too?"

"No, I did not, slacker. We all can't bring down The Man like you do every day. Someone has to be responsible and put away some cash to pay the bills."

“Sell the Loft.” Michael squinted his eyes toward Brian. "You can survive for years off the profits alone."

"No."

"Brian, come on."

"I'm not selling, Michael." Brian had no idea why he wasn't already half-way out the door, heading into work.

"Why? The market fresh out of cold-hearted, rich, handsome, swinging single bastards like you?"

"Flattery... will get you nowhere."

"Brian..." Michael knew Brian was aware of this one prickly issue in their relationship.

"I'm not doing it."

"Brian, I'm not--"

"No."

"Why are you being so stubborn about this? You practically live at the house as it is. Why do you still need--?"

"Because..." Brian was about to explain but looked at his wristwatch. "Look, I don't like pressure from you. I already have a plan set in motion."

Michael could tell Brian wasn't upset over this one issue between them. It had suddenly become a cute game... a test even of Brian's will. "Oh, you do, do you?"

"Yes. I, Brian Kinney, being of sound mind and succulent body do have an exuberant amount of time left in my extremely busy, exhaustive day to ponder such quandaries as... The Future."

Michael nodded his head, liking the quick quip he had been given in response. They would talk about it much later in the day. "Fine."

"Good." Brian turned to walk away.

"Great."

"Stupendous."

Michael decided to up the ante. "I love you."

The Diner got quiet in expectation.

Brian swiveled to say, simply. "I know." He winked, then proceeded to exit with the very last word.

But Michael was the only one who knew that it wasn't the "final" one... not even by a long shot.

~~TBC...