Dean is finding the whole thing funny, and he doesn't even know the half of it. So Sam is sat on a park bench in the strange town, with a handkerchief over his nose, head down, bridge pinched tight as Castiel consoles Heather. As if she wasn't the one who broke Sam's nose. Dean just keeps laughing. Castiel has draped his trench coat over her shoulders and she's shuddering with anger, and fear and something Sam doesn't recognise and the sight of the sky freaked her, so Sam put his hand on her shoulder and bam! She broke his nose.

From a vending machine Dean hands her a can of mountain dew because her hands are shaking, which they weren't when they broke Sam's nose! he admits he's having a bit of trouble getting past that part. Sure the girl's traumatised, Sam thinks, but he's got a broken nose!

She sees the can and bursts into tears, but the only person she'll let touch her is Castiel, and he is awkward as she sobs into his shoulder, holding the can away from his back. Seven years, Sam thinks, she's been stuck there for seven years, for a moment he almost understands why she is blown so wide open, but then his nose hurts and he allows himself a little more self pity, even if the bleeding has mostly stopped. The bruising is going to be epic, and of course Dean won't let him forget that it was a girl who did it, and not even one that's demon possessed.

Heather's not a big person, wiry with curves gone to athleticism, and hard edged. Her hair is black except for patches of old blonde dye where it has grown out and not been cut. She's wearing it in a loose pony, twisted into a knot. She has wide light coloured eyes and pale skin with freckles, like Dean, but her skin has a sort of unhealthy light from not having seen the sun in years. She's going to be gorgeous but at the moment she's tired, scared and sickly. Her tee is torn and her jeans ruined.

"We'll have to get her some clothes." Sam says through the handkercheif over his nose, "and find her somewhere safe."

"And we can't take her to the police because?" Dean asks, crossing his arms around Heather's small dog which he's holding, one arm under his chest, the other above absentmindedly skritching it behind the ears. The dog is lost in canine glee, mouth open and tongue lolling, proof that at least one of them is appreciating being rescued.

"They think I killed my father." Heather sobs into Castiel's shirt. The angel is awkwardly patting her back. "I, Claudia," she manages, "I can't."

"did you?" Dean asks. Even the dog looks at him.

"No, Claudia," she manages again. "I wanna," she manages sniffing back snot loudly, "I just wanna go home." Castiel looks incredibly awkward as she clings to him, "Valtiel," the word comes out of the mumbling.

"Bilquis," Dean says, "I'll phone her and see if she can stay there for a while." He looks indignant as they look at him, "we can't take her with us."

"Do you want to owe her a favour?" Castiel asks, trying to soothe the girl who had flung herself into his arms.

"Do you see another choice? I know, let's call Bobby, hey Bobby, look we found this girl in a really fucked up alternate reality, but it's alright, she's only touchy and has a machine gun!" Even Dean is freaked out now, or jealous, but the dog is fine and happy, snuggling up to his chest in glee and adoration. The dog is cute but Dean doesn't even notice, he is running on auto pilot, skritching away at the animal's ears.

"Heather," Heather says turning, "my name is Heather, and that's Gilby," she's gone past sobbing to anger.

"Seriously?" Dean asks, excitedly, "like Gilby Clarke, Gilby." Of course Dean would make the rock reference.

"He screams," Heather tells him and her tone is dark, "sounds like Axl Rose, made sense to me." She wipes at her eyes and then her hands on Castiel's trench coat, draped over her shoulders. "I'm done." She tells them, "done with this town, down with all this crap. I'm done crying over it, I'm done with you, and now I want my dog." She holds her arms out and Gilby starts wriggling and reaching for her, Dean passes her over and she puts him on the ground. "I'm fine, I'll find my own way back to LA."

Dean looks guilty for a moment. "Look, there's no need for you to, we can drive you to Buffalo where you can get a bus or something."

"Don't put yourself out." She says, she shucks off Cas' coat.

"It's fine," Castiel says putting it back on her shoulders. "It will hide your arsenal." Because with the machine gun she also has a Japanese samurai sword, several knives and a 9mm. "It is also customary to accept such offers of hospitality when they are presented, it not like you have many other options." Castiel is blunt, and sometimes offensive, and sometimes his truth is overwhelming. When the light is bright and the Darkness faint Sam can almost like him. "You must remain hungry," he takes the can from her hand and pops it open with deft fingers, before giving it back. "There are little treasures in this world, in a free can of soda or a hand to help you up." He turns to Dean, "I'll take her back to the motel in South Ashfield, Sam, you can accompany us, if you will get her some clothes and food." Dean nods, he seems used to taking orders from the angel, which is odd because Dean doesn't usually take orders from anyone, at least not without a bitch load of arguing first.

"good by me," Dean answers, "angel express always backs me right up," he pats his stomach, "I'll meet you there." Then Castiel has his hand on Sam's arm, the other on the space between Heather's shoulders and then they are at the motel, and Heather shucks off the coat, the sword and the machine gun, just letting them fall on the floor as she puts the dog on the bed. It looks at Sam with disdain before turning around a few times to get itself comfortable.

"There's a shower here, right?" Heather asks Castiel, completely ignoring Sam who needs a beer.

"Through there." Castiel tells her softly and gestures with his head, "do you wish me to wait until Dean returns?"

"What are you?" She asks, but she's already undressing, belt slithering out of it's loops to fall with it's knife to the floor at her feet, old sneakers toed off to reveal bare feet.

"I am an angel of the Lord," he answers, "and you are safe here, with them." Sam takes one of the beers out of the motel refridgerator, popping open the lid on the counter, there's an indent where it seems everyone else has done it too. He wonders for a moment if Heather wants one too, but she's pulling her tee over her head to reveal an old and stained bra, it's a sort of gone grey in the wash pink, and her skin is grey with old dirt. There are old bruises down her arm, gone to purple and yellow and brown even as she steps out of her ruined jeans. She stands there in her old bra and panties, with a 9mm through the waistband, her hair pulled free by the tee and the Boy King surges within him, it's something he recognises, a lust that's not his own, and she must feel it too, because the look she gives Sam is challenging, as if daring him to try.

"the water pressure's shit," Sam says and takes a long slug of the beer. Heather just arches an eyebrow and walks into the bathroom, but she doesn't close the door entirely.

"Seven years in Hell," Castiel says to Sam bluntly, "it is longer than most manage, and do not be dissuaded, that place, the otherworld we entered at the top of the lighthouse, it was Hell, or at least part of it." He sits on the bed next to the dog who is at first disgruntled by the angel and then decides to climb against him for heat. He keeps his canine gaze fixed on Sam. Castiel is worried about her.

Dean came back from wherever he went with Castiel with a dog that stays with Bobby, looks like Sam got himself a queen and one too. He can hear the water running and the Darkness and the Boy King are telling him to go in there, to take what's his, what she has challenged him with, to make her understand that if she is queen then he is king, but she's a stranger and she broke his nose and seven years in hell make the decision easy. He stays where he is.

***

When Heather shakes out the hoodie and asks, "Team Silver Bullet, what the hell's that?" Dean practically proposes marriage there and then and tells Sam with a sort of manic glee that she's certainly a keeper. She's got a towel wrapped around her, over the old bra and panties, and her hair twisted up with another one. Sam can't help but look at her bare feet, the arch of them, elegant and strong. He's never been a foot person so why hers fascinate him he doesn't know. "These should fit," she says pulling out the jeans, then a multi pack of sensible panties and a few practical sports bras. Its entirely the last kind of lingerie that Sam would think his brother would buy. The clothes are Walmart chic, comfortable, practical and fluid, but cotton panties and tee shirt bras aren't the sort of thing Dean usually considers.

She pulls the jeans on under the towel, without care who sees her, her skin is still grey despite the washing, with pink blotches from the water turned too hot, but there are bruises all over her, some look like fingerprints and a wave of jealousy seethes inside Sam. She is his. She belongs only to him.

Rather than face that thought Sam opens another beer, holding this one out to her. She has the jeans pulled on, the towel tugged away and her old bra, lace torn and padding showing as the only covering. The skin underneath it is squeezed tight and she almost erupts from the cups. She's been wearing it for a long time and clearly doesn't realise how badly it fits, perhaps it was the only option she had. Sam doesn't know enough about bras to judge her size but judging by the way she reaches around and unhooks the one she's wearing she doesn't care.

Her back is scarred and beautiful. The muscles taut and luscious as she pulls the sports bra over her head and down, then reaches into the bra to rearrange herself. Sam's speechless, she has the manner of a queen with no concept of nudity amongst those born to serve her. She is arrogant in her own flesh and has cause to be- she makes his mouth water.

It is Dean however who just got flashed. Dean just grins and mutters thanks with real appreciation.

With the bra on she pulls on a skinny fit tee and then the dark blue hoodie, which is vastly oversized and chosen deliberately for that. "Thanks," she says to Dean, and it's pronounced like she might say "go to hell," she's accepting their charity because she has no choice but she'd really rather just go and leave the town burning in her wake.

She's fragile and brutal and defiant and magnificent and Sam is in awe of her, and a little afraid, but the Boy King recognises her and wants to subjugate, the Darkness wants to consume, and Sam- Sam's not sure what he wants.

Gilby is easier to read, the little dog is pawing at the bag Dean brought in, trying to see if there's anything in it for him. Dean's more interested in the animal than the woman that was practically naked in front of him. He laughs to himself as he fishes out a small foil square, pops the lid on it and lays it down before the dog, "there you go, buddy," he says. "Dog food," he says to Sam, "not tuna, I learned that lesson last time, and man, I thought you were toxic." The dog doesn't bother looking at Dean just tucks into whatever it is he offered hm.

"As you have returned," Castiel tells Dean, "I shall return to my duties, I have lingered overlong as it is. Miss Heather," he bows his head, "I am honoured by your presence," and he bows his head. Dean's eyes tighten and Sam wonders if it's jealousy. Dean was completely unfazed when she flashed him, and Sam can't help but think it's because Castiel was there, but now Cas is leaving, but he is treating Heather like royalty, like the Queen she is.

***

Heather decides to sleep on the couch, a luxury in the crappy motel room, with a pillow stolen from Dean's bed and a blanket from Sam's. She declares that she's not going to share with either of them and that they're both too damn tall to crash on the couch, and seriously, it's only one night and she's had worse.

Dean takes the bed by the door and god knows he sleeps badly, it means that he drinks heavily of a bottle of cheap bourbon, sharing a single glass with their uncomfortable house guest who coughs when she swallows, and keeping the rest of it from the dog who seems more determined than Dean to get completely smashed. Instead Dean gives it half of the beer he's using as a chaser, poured out into the lid from the pringles he bought Heather.

Sam doesn't think he'll sleep- his nose is full of the smell of her. Through the swelling and bruising she dominates him. It's as if she has painted herself over his skin, pushed fingers down his throat till all he can taste is her. But she's on the couch sleeping and he's hard, so he beats the pillow, turns it and flops down heavily. In his ear his Jessica is laughing, dark and dirty. Across in the other bed Dean is snoring, added with a funny little buzzing noise that means the dog is snoring too, twisted up in the hollow around which Dean has curled.

Heather throws back the blanket and he thinks she's going to the bathroom, but instead she steps out of the jeans, standing there in the practical panties Dean bought her and that blue Team Silver Bullet hoodie, and she sees him in the night looking at her, because she smiles.

She pads over to the bed, in those woolen socks Dean gave her from his own pack when she complained her feet were cold, and pulls back the blankets to his bed. She presses her finger against his lips and then follows it with a kiss. When he puts his hands up to protest she takes them in her own, straddling his chest, and pushes them up inside the sweater, to the soft fabric of the sports bra she was sleeping in so that his palms are over her breasts. She is not buxom, her breasts are small and firm, almost childlike, in his palms as she slides down his chest, slipping her tongue into his mouth.

This is his queen, he thinks, his equal and opposite, but she makes no complaint, one hand splayed across his chest, the other twined with hers on her left breast, when he moves his hand into the fabric of her panties. This is his Queen and he is simply claiming what is his, or maybe she is claiming what is hers.

"He won't wake," she says quietly, talking about Dean, "a little something in his beer," she bites his ear, pulling the lobe away from his head with her teeth, the pain is a wonderful distraction. She's as ruthless as all creatures of the Dark. He hasn't seen Ruby in weeks, had no relief but Jess, his hand and their mutual fascination with Dean and blood. Heather can fill the gap. Her tongue is snake quick in his mouth. Then she bites down on his lip, hard enough to draw blood and that just makes it perfect as she gasps and grunts, rubbing her cunt against him, and it's wet, hot and slick as her nimble fingers pull his cock free, jerking it once, twice, before she pulls the gusset of her panties aside and forces him inside her. This girl is a stranger, riding him with hard grinding thrusts, biting at his bloody mouth, moving his hands on her breasts, she is fucking him and Sam has no question of that, but when she is done he will turn her, slam her against the bed, and take what he will, and she is his queen, she will not only take it, she'll beg for more.