My eyes fluttered open. Without sitting up I looked around. Where the hell am I? After a few seconds I sat up slowly. Once I looked around again, I realized that I was at Fangtasia. How I got there was a mystery to me. I couldn't remember anything at the moment. Everything was a blur.

For some strange reason my senses were stronger. That's when I tasted it. I could taste the metallic in my mouth. It was blood. Why was the taste of blood in my mouth?

I sat in dead silence for however long, confused as can be. I wanted nothing more than to know what the hell had happened. Why the hell was I here at Fangtasia?

All of a sudden the dead silence ended.

"Oh god! Selena! You're awake!" Sookie exclaimed, running up to me and bending down to my level to throw her arms around me. "I thought you'd never wake me up!"

I wrapped my arms around her, too. "What are you talking about?" I asked still confused.

"You don't remember what happened?" she asked, pulling back and raising an eyebrow.

I shook my head no.

"You must have a mild case of amnesia. Dr. Ludwig said that you might," Sookie said with a sigh. "According to her you hit your head pretty hard on the ceiling of the car."

"Sookie? What's going on?" I asked, wanting to know what the hell she was talking about.

"You were in a car accident. I don't know what happened, but apparently your car flipped a couple of times before landing upside down in the middle of the road," she explained to me.

It was my turn to raise an eyebrow. "Car accident?" I asked myself. "How long have I been out?"

Sookie answered to my complete surprise, "A week."

"A week!" I exclaimed, shocked. I stood up quickly only to fall back down with a headache.

"Careful, Selena!" she said instinctively grabbing a hold of my arm to make sure I didn't fall backwards onto the floor.

"Who found me?"

"You called Eric before you blacked out."

"I did?" I wondered out loud. I honestly had no recollection of what had happened the night that Sookie was telling me about.

She nodded.

I stood up slowly this time and walked over to the mirror that was hanging on the wall across from me. I examined myself all over fully expecting there to be cuts and bruised all over me. To my surprise I didn't find a single scratch, cut, or bruise.

Sookie apparently sensed my confusion. I looked at her as she looked at me.

"Eric gave you some of his blood, but you only spit most of it back out. Strangely, your body didn't approve of it vampire blood. Then Dr. Ludwig suggested they try True Blood," she explained.

My eye widened. "You weren't in here when they gave it to me were you?"

She shook here head no. Her blonde hair moved side to side following the direction of her head's movement. "Bill and I had stepped out. I needed fresh air."

I sighed a sigh of relief. "And it worked?"

"In some strange way it did."

I played dumb. "Oh, well that's weird."

"Yeah, I know," Sookie shrugged in confusion, "I never knew anyone who wouldn't take vampire blood, but would take synthetic human blood and heal."

I opened my mouth to speak, but thanked god when a door opened and someone else spoke."

Welcome back," a voice said startling Sookie and I.

We both turned our attentions to where the voice came from. I couldn't help, but smiled when I saw Eric standing there. Pam and Bill were there, too.

Sookie left my side and walked over to Bill.

Slowly, I made my way over to Eric. "Can we talk?" I asked. I looked behind him to find Pam, Sookie, and Bill all staring. "In private?" I added, looking back at him.

"My office," he said, leading the way.

Entering his office, I closed the door behind us. As soon as he turned around I threw my arms around him. It shocked me how comfortable I felt with him. Surprising us both, Eric put his arms around me, pulling me even closer to him. It felt like we were each other's missing puzzle pieces. I hate to sound corny, but it's true.

"Thank you…for coming when I called you," I said with a smile. I lifted my head and looked at him.

"Have I earned your trust yet?" he asked.

I nodded.

"So, you'll tell me what you are now?"

"No, not yet," I answered honestly, pulling away from him. "But, when I am ready to tell you…I'll tell you just as long as you swear not to screw me over after I tell you."

"You can trust me now," he said.

Somehow I sort of believed him.

Pushing a strand of my blonde hair out of my face, I turned my back towards him. "When you gave me blood…did anything inhuman like happen?" I wondered out loud.

I felt him place a hand on my shoulder and he turned me back around, looking me dead in my eyes. "Your fangs popped out," he told me.

My eyes widened and I turned back around in shame. Oh god! Why? Why me? Why now? I wasn't ready to tell him, but now I had no choice in the matter.

"Selena…What are you?"

Keeping my back turned towards him, I took a deep breath and answered with many pauses, "I…I'm…I'm a…Well, I…I'm a…" I whispered the last part, "Hybrid."

--------

After revealing my true nature to Eric, I freaked out. I had run out of the office and talked Sookie and Bill into taking me home. As soon as we got home I went straight upstairs to my room and took a long shower. I felt guilty for telling him. I had made a promise to my family a long time ago that I'd never tell anyone, any supernatural species what we were. Now I had broken it. I knew what had to be done. I had to call my dad and confess my disloyalty.

After only a few rings he picked up, "Selena what do I owe to this unexpected call?"

I broke out apologizing immediately, "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry, daddy! I mad a mistake! A huge mistake! Please forgive me! I'm so sorry!"

"Selena, what did you do?"

"I told…" I paused and took a deep breath before continuing, "I told someone…I mean something our secret. I wasn't thinking. I'm so sorry!" By now I was crying hysterically.

"Selena, calm down!"

"No! I will not clam dowm! I broke my promise to the whole family. I'm the only one out of all of us who broke their promise! Declan, Rachel, Taylor, and Blake all managed to keep theirs and me…Well, I just broke it!"

"Selena Kane Dobreva! You better clam yourself down now!"

My tears stopped as I sat on my bed, eyes wide and jaw dropped. I opened my mouth to speak, but nothing came out.

"I will talk to your mother, Selena. Expect a call from her by the end of the week sometime."

"Okay," I managed to say.

"Do me a favor and stay out of any more trouble until then," daddy said before hanging up.

Still shocked, I closed my phone, threw it on the bed and just sat there. My father hadn't ever yelled at me before for anything…ever. It took a broken promise, 21 years, and hyperventilating to get him to yell at me for something. Growing up my mother had been the yeller of the family. Of course, my dad was normally asleep when I got in trouble and my mother never really told him about what happened with me and my brothers and sisters during the day.

If the stakes and situation were different; then I'd be proud of myself right now. Unfortunately, though, that wasn't the case.

I sat there in the middle of my bed for what seemed like forever. I almost didn't even notice someone floating outside of my bedroom window. When I saw someone out of the corner of my eye, my head turned that way instantly. It was Eric. I stared at him for the longest time before getting off my bed and walking over to the window. Kneeling on the window bench, I opened the window without a single word.

"Are you going to invite me in?" he asked after a while.

I got off the bench and I stepped out of the way, "Won't you, please, come in?"

He ducked in the window and made his way into my room. I stood by the window and didn't move a muscle. Eric turned and looked at me.

"Could your room be any darker?" he asked after glancing around the room, which was of course painted with my two favorite colors, black and red. The walls were red with a black border.

I shrugged, "It suits me perfectly."

There was a short silence.

"What are you doing here, Eric?" I forced myself to ask.

"You ran out before we got the chance to talk," he answered.

"What is there to talk about? I made a mistake by telling you what I am. That's it. That's all there is to it!"

"Is that what you think?" he asked, raising and eyebrow.

"Oh, no! That's what I know," I stated in a matter of fact tone, crossing my arms.

"And, how's that?"

"As I told you in the parking lot of Merlotte's last week, there aren't that many of my kind as it is. By telling you I could have possibly just put me and everyone else like me in danger of...what's the word...umm...oh, right, extinction," I rambled on and on.

"I'm not going to tell anyone.

I rolled my eyes," Oh, p-fucking-lease!" I shook my head in disbelief. "You really expect me to believe that?"

"I thought you trusted me?"

I walked over to him, "For all I know everything you've done to gain my trust lately could all have been just a set up so that I'd tell you what I am."

He smirked, "You sure do have a way of thinking outside the box."

I smirked back, "It's what I do best."

Eric leaned down to my ear and whispered, "I'm sure that's not the only thing you do best."

The feeling of his breath against my skin sent a tingling sensation down in between my legs. I bit my bottom lip. He purposely breathed on me again after sensing or smelling or doing whatever to my sudden arousal. Before anything could happen, I forced myself to move out of the way. I walked over and sat down on my bed.

After a few short silent seconds, Eric asked, "So, tell me...what type of hybrid are you?"

I didn't answer at first. But, after a couple of seconds of careful thinking, I did. "A vampire-witch-human hybrid."

His eyes narrowed in surprise and disbelief. "How is that even possible? Vampires can't have kids."

I disagreed, "They can if they're under a witch's spell."

"Care to elaborate?" Eric questioned, suddenly more curious than before.

I didn't know if I should explain it to him or not. I was already in a shit load of trouble with my family for telling him what I was. Did I really want to risk getting into even more trouble than I already was. Well, you know...I'm going to be in trouble either way, so, what the hell! I might as well.

"My mom is a human-witch hybrid. My grandmother on my mom's side is a witch and my grandfather is a human. Of course, that leaves my dad being the vampire in the equation. When my mom was only 15 she met my dad and fell in love with him...blah, blah, blah...I don't know how, but he fell for her, too. Anyways, the Witch's Council aka the higher power in the world of witch's didn't agree with my parents unorthodox relationship as they called it. The Council threatened both of my parents, but neither of them would give the other up. Therefore, The Council got angry and put a curse on my father. A curse that in a way made him human again. The curse does two things. One, it allows him to occasionally feel emotions...when it comes to that he has an on/off switch. Secondly, it makes it possible for my dad to get my mom pregnant," I explained without a single pause. All the while I was thinking to myself, "If Eric screws me over so help me God...nothing will be able to stop me from staking him, personally."

"That just goes to show that witch's are more powerful than vampires."

"I know! So, you better watch yourself!" I warned him with a smirk. "I could turn you into a frog if I wanted," I joked.

He broke into a fit of laughter. As if it were a chain reaction, I began laughing, too.

After our laughter subsided there was nothing, but silence...again. That is until I remembered something that I'd been meaning to ask him for a while now.

"Quick question..." I began, breaking the silence. "The first night we met...you didn't by any chance follow me home, did you?"

He turned to me and half smirked, "What if I did?"

I shrugged, "Then I'd be relieved."

His half smirk turned into the full one that I had come to know very well, "Relieved? Relieved how?"

"Get your mind out of the gutter! Answer the damn question!"

"As a matter of fact I did."

"Oh, thank god!" I sighed a sigh of relief. Then it hit me. I jumped off the bed lightning fast. "You jackass!" I exclaimed, angrily.

"So, now you get angry?" he asked amused at my anger as he always was.

I nodded, "Now that I know it was you! Yes, yes! I'm very angry! You're such a fucking pervert!"

He looked extremely amused, "So many names."

"Now is not the time for you to get cocky you arrogant asshole!" I hissed through clenched teeth. "How about the night you bit me?"

"What about it?" he asked me.

"Did you follow me home?" I answered with a question of my own.

He shook his head, "I didn't follow you home, but I did come by just as you were going to bed."

"Ugh! You pervert!"

All of a sudden there was a knock on the door and I had to push my anger to the side. It was Sookie.

"Selena, is everything okay in there? I heard you yelling?"

I looked at the door and then at Eric. "You need to go now!" I whisper screamed.

"Are you sure about that?" He flashed me a grin that I knew the meaning of right away.

"Go!" I ordered, ignoring his question.

"I'll see you tomorrow night."

"Yeah, we'll see about that," I laughed, doubtfully.

"Sweet dreams, lover."

Lover? Did he just call me lover? I opened my mouth to speak, but he was already out the window and gone into the night,

I went and closed the window and then made my way over to my bedroom door. I swung it open just as Sookie was getting ready to knock again.

"Yes?" I asked.

She stood on her tippy toes and looked over my shoulder as if she expected to see someone standing there behind me. "Who were you just talking to?"

"Umm...I wasn't talking to anyone," I lied.

"But, I could've sworn..."

I cut her off, "You must've been hearing things."

"It must be because I'm so tired," she suggested.

"Possibly," I agreed.

"Well, I'm going to go to bed," she said, yawning, causing me to yawn, too. There goes that damn chain reaction thing again.

I smiled, "Alright, well, goodnight!"

"Goodnight," she replied, turning and walking down the hall to her room.

I closed the door and walked to my bed, pulling the covers down and crawling under them. When I fell asleep I strangely dreamed about Eric all night. And, let me tell you...just like he said...I had many sweet dreams! Some more than others.