Nikki is a travelling nurse that enjoys her freedom. After two divorces and having no children the 36 year old enjoys fucking married men. They are much less likely to have an STD and they won't go "stalker" on you because of their wife and kids at home.
Being 5'6" and slender with medium length blonde hair and eyes that are like staring into a pot of honey. She is considered beautiful by any standard. A set of Full C cup breasts finish off her exceptional appearance assuring she has no trouble bedding men.
Doctors, male nurses and hospital administrators are all easy targets for Nikki. As a matter of fact those Full C cups she is so proud of were built by a perfectionist of a plastic surgeon that she had a fling with on one of her eight week assignments. He gave her the "best fuck I have ever had" discount and took special care to make them perfect.
She loves her breasts. They are literally perfect. High yet soft with just a hint of sag to them as such large breasts should have on a woman her size. Making them the envy of every woman and perfect for Tit fucking a large cock.
Penny is the 42 year old hospital HR person that Nikki had to meet to complete her paperwork for her current 6 week assignment. The mother of two teens is tall and skinny with thin stringy brown hair and glasses. She wears little to no makeup which makes her look more like a high school nerd than she should.
Nikki and Penny hit it off in there lengthy first meeting. Nikki had more than one nerd eat her pussy in college and always kept an eye out for future opportunities. Although she never returns the favor for the females that pleasure her. And they never seem to mind.
Nikki's first week in town she tried a few times to get Penny to have a drink with her after work. Penny always declined citing family chores she needed to get home to do.
"Well maybe I should invite your husband out then. Kenny? Was that his name?"
"Oh, Kenny would probably love that." Penny giggled not wanting to admit her husband has had several flings with other women. Especially since him having sex with other women turns her on so much.
She loved to give Kenny a blowjob while hearing about the other women and what Kenny did with them. She and Kenny have even discussed Penny watching when they found the right woman.
Penny is turned on by feeling inferior and submissive to these other women even if she hasn't met any of them. She admitted to Kenny that her college roommate basically used her as a sex toy. And she might enjoy serving one of his other women one day. But life was always in the way. Kids and work kept her busy but allowed Kenny time to step out on her giving them more blowjob stories to fuel their sex life.
"Hand me your phone then." Nikki snarled
"Yeah right." Penny laughed.
"Come out and have a drink with me OR hand me your phone."
Thirty minutes and a handful of texts with Kenny later and the two women were in the bar of the hotel Nikki was staying in. Two quick drinks later and the conversation turned to sex.
"Penny you look like you could have pleased a few girls back in college." Nikki said with a gleam in her eye. "I mean I sure allowed more than one to enjoy pleasing me." she continued with a wink.
"I um, well" Penny mumbled looking down into her drink. Her stomach in knots as she felt the stare of the blonde bombshell burning through her.
"Do you miss it? Brining pleasure to someone else. Another female. Tasting her. Watching her orgasm from your efforts."
Penny's mind was racing. Memories from her college days flooding back to her. The humiliation, the degradation now making a wet spot in her panties. She slowly started nodding her head up and down. Unable to verbalize her response but feeling a need to be honest. Hoping it would lead Nikki to push for more.
Minutes later she followed Nikki into her room. Watching as she stripped off her scrubs as she walked to the bed. Once naked she turned around to face Penny. Giving Penny an amazing view of her perfect body. Those perfect huge breasts over her flat stomach and neatly trimmed pussy.
She stepped close to Penny and placed a hand on either side of Penny's face.
"You can leave your clothes on. This is a one way street we are about to go down." she said before flopping onto her back on the bed.
Penny's panties were soaked as she crawled onto the bed. Lowering her face to kiss Nikki's beautiful pussy. Her lips grazed the clit before her tongue reached out and licked a wide swath up the length of the needy pussy and over the clit. She repeated the long lick a second time before moving her chin lower to set about giving some real pleasure.
Nikki let out a soft moan as she arched her back pointing her massive breasts at the ceiling. Before settling down and grabbing the back of Penny's head with both hands.
Penny was intoxicated by the sweet taste of Nikki. The taste was magnificent. The kind of taste you could become addicted to if given the chance.
"I knew you were my kind of girl. I can't believe it took me almost a week to get you between my legs. Such a good submissive. I bet Kenny loves having you for his submissive slut in the bedroom."
Nikki was now grinding her pussy into Penny's face. Rotating her hips while Penny licked the juices from the open sex covering her mouth.
"Ohhhhhh Yeah, baby. Keep eating. Taste my pussy baby." then a moan escaped her lips. "Uuugggghhhhh MMMmmmmmmmmmm. Yes..... Yes..... Faster...... deeper.
Keep going!!"
"Do me baby. Give me a big one! Work for it! Work for it, SLUT! Aaahhhhhhhhh YES!!" Nikki moaned as her grip loosened on Penny's head.
The next day Nikki text Penny. "Hey slut. Man your husband is BUILT! All those pics on your FB page of him with no shirt on gives a woman a lot to think about."
It was true. Kenny is a rugged man that owns a landscaping company. He goes to the gym as well. So he has a nice body with a big chest and abs from all of the working he does. Nikki thought his face was average but his body was awesome.
Penny knew right away how Kenny wanted her to respond. After she told Kenny about being with Nikki he told her to set him up. And they agreed Nikki might be the woman to let Penny watch or maybe even be involved. So Penny shared the cell phone numbers of each of them with the other allowing them to communicate directly.
The next morning Nikki walked in to Penny's office and closed the door.
"Not only a submissive but a cuckquean obedient wife as well. Hmmmmm. Unfortunately none of Big Kenny's previous women wanted to let you play. I'm NOT going to let you play either. You are going to WORK if you want to join us in the bedroom." Nikki said slowly walking around the desk to stand next to Penny.
Nikki bent over placing her elbows on the desk. "Big Kenny wants ME tonight. If you want me to fuck him you are going to have to prove it to me."
"O....Ok." Penny whispered.
"Good." Nikki said while sliding her scrub pants over her hips and half way down her thighs. "Give me a kiss slut. Hurry before someone walks in."
Penny leaned over and kissed the fine ass cheek closest to her face.
"Silly girl. I meant for you to French Kiss my asshole like the obedient slut you will have to be to join me and Kenny for sex. Now spread my ass and get that tongue in there deep."
Penny's face flushed a deep red. The humiliation creating knots in her stomach. She had licked her college roommate's asshole on several occasions. And Nikki was much prettier. Her hands grasped the full globes and gently spread them apart.
"That's right. Be my obedient slut. Get your face in there and taste my asshole. Ohhhhhh, yeeessssss. Nice and deep."
Nikki pulled her pants up and headed for the door. "I am looking forward to fucking Kenny tonight. The cock picture he sent me made me tingle. I plan to fuck him twice so he will last a long time for the obedient wife blowjob when he gets home. That will give you plenty of time to taste my dried juices that will be covering his cock."
Kenny got home around 11:30 that night after the kids were in bed. He stripped naked in the bedroom and got on the bed next to Penny.
"You were right. Wow she is AMAZING!" he began as Penny crawled between his legs and took his flaccid cock in her mouth. She liked this part more than she wanted to admit. And Nikki knowing that she would be relegated to cock cleaner when Kenny got home made Penny even more horny.
"She is perfect! Fine ass, perfect tits, beautiful face AND she can deep throat my cock. Damn what a good fuck. Lick my balls too. They should taste like her the way she came while riding me."
While Penny caressed and licked his balls she slipped her other hand between her legs. The enormous cock came to life. Slowly growing into a long thick shaft. She licked up the length of the shaft as he let out a sigh. "Do this one long and slow baby. Let that soft warm mouth take it's time and caress it to blow a load down your throat."
The next day Nikki visited Penny's office again. This time for a "Thank you" kiss from Penny. "Ohhh YEAH." Nikki sighed as Penny's tongue slipped into her butt for the second time.
"Maybe we should make this a daily kiss. We both know you love to get your tongue in this fine ass." she giggled stepping away from the desk and pulling her pants up.
"Find something for your kids to do Saturday night. That is, if you want to serve me while I enjoy Kenny's cock. BUT let's be clear you will obey ME, not Kenny. I will talk him into that arrangement while his cock is in my mouth tonight. Oh, silly me. Did I forget to mention he wants me again tonight? He will be home late."
"Have a good day!" Nikki said with a smile and a wink before disappearing through the door.
That night with a hand between her legs and Kenny's semi hard cock in her mouth Penny learned that Kenny agreed for Nikki to have complete control over Penny Saturday night if Penny chose to join them at the hotel.
"It's your decision. But from what I understand you enjoy kissing her ass every day in your office." he said as he grabbed the back of her head forcing her to gag on his hardening cock.
Penny started to orgasm. The humiliation of someone else knowing she was kissing an asshole every day coupled with gaging on the huge hard cock being forced down her throat made her lose control.
Her nipples hardened, her legs trembled and her clit felt jolts of pleasure surge through as Kenny continued to plunge his cock into her mouth. It was several long minutes after her orgasm before Kenny shot his load down her throat.
Saturday night Kenny took the kids out for pizza at 6 so he could drop them off for the 7:30 movie. That way Penny could go to the hotel and help Nikki get ready for the evening. Nikki had insisted that Penny join her early if they wanted this to happen.
"Get naked and put your hair in a ponytail. Kenny and I will need a handle when using your mouth. Now kneel here and paint my toe nails. I love this slut red color, don't you?"
Penny nodded as she started to paint Nikki's toenails carefully. Nikki explained her expectations for the night to Penny and got no objections from the cuckquean.
"Good job. Now while they are drying you can eat my pussy. This way I can put my feet on either side of you and nothing will touch them for a half hour or so."
Penny was glad to move on to something she felt more comfortable doing. Painting Nikki's toenails made her nervous. It was weird but she felt more at ease eating her pussy. And she loved the taste.
"Aaaahhhhhh, that's the slut I remember. Diving right in to pleasure me. You would make a good lesbian." Nikki giggled.
Time slipped past the pair as Nikki kept orgasming on Penny's obedient tongue. A knock on the door interrupted the one sided sex they were having.
"Hey. You two Ok?" Kenny's voice boomed from the hallway.
"Just a minute, Babe!" Nikki sang out. "Remove the cotton from between my toes. He can wait." Nikki whispered as Penny obeyed silently.
"Stand right here by the foot of the bed. Hands behind your back feet spread apart. And don't disappoint me!" she said heading for the door.
Kenny's hands were all over Nikki's naked body as they came from the door to standing in front of Penny. She looked down at the floor feeling humiliated by her husband's wanton groping of another woman.
"Go ahead. Stick some fingers in her pussy and see how wet I made her." Penny looked up at her husband as he reached out to feel her crotch. Suddenly humiliated at how drenched her crotch was from eating Nikki's pussy.
"DAMN, you were right. I think she is more wet from you than she gets for me." he said to Nikki in an astonished tone.
A smile crossed Nikki's face. "She's more into me than you are." she giggled.
"Now let's get these clothes off of you." Penny knelt in front of them and pulled his shoes off. Then unbuttoned his pants revealing his massive cock as she pulled down his pants.
They were french kissing passionately as Penny looked up at them with her husband's cock inches from her face. Nikki grabbed Penny's ponytail and forced her head forward. Understanding the guidance she opened her mouth and began dutifully sucking her husband's cock.
"I can't believe you have been married to her all these years and she still can't deep throat your cock. But that's ok. Because you are having sex with me tonight. Your little wifey here is going to be in charge of licking your balls tonight."
"Did you hear that slut? Stop sucking his cock and move down to those balls!" she commanded with her lips brushing Penny's ear. As she licked and sucked on her husband's balls she saw the side of Nikki's face go by her nose and realized that her husband's massive cock had just been swallowed.
Seeing a woman do that made Penny jealous and turned on at the same time! She thought Kenny was exaggerating when he said other women could get their lips to base of his cock. The way she gagged on it she thought there was no way a woman could that. Deeper than her, yes, but swallow the whole thing, no. Part of her enjoyed wallowing in her new found inferiority.
Kenny fucked Nikki's mouth and drool started to escape from the corner of the overextended mouth. Gravity pulling the spittle down onto Penny's face as she continued licking and sucking her husband's balls. Increasing her degradation and the heat between her legs.
Nikki stood up. Leaving the wet cock bobbing in the air above Penny's now wet face. Gabbing the ponytail Nikki said, "On the bed on your back slut."
Seconds later Nikki was straddling Penny's face and Kenny was sliding his cock into her doggie style. The lurid sight of her husband's massive cock stretching the tight pussy as it entered made Penny's body hot and flush with excitement.
"Ohhhhhh Yeah babe." Nikki moaned. "Lick those balls slut. That's your job tonight."
Penny's tongue was already extended and lapping at the balls above her. "She's licking them." Kenny said in a husky whisper. "You were right. She just needed the right woman to bring her all the way out of the closet. Damn this is awesome! Hot wet pussy and a tongue licking my balls."
The fucking continued just inches above Penny's face. She kept her tongue busy lapping the clit and balls that were nearing orgasm. But her tongue wasn't the only thing busy. She slipped a hand between her thighs and was feverishly rubbing her clit.
"OH MY GOD, YES!!! Yeeeessssss." Nikki moaned through her first orgasm which started Kenny grunting. "Ugh Yeah, babe. Take that cock, slut!
Then he thrust in deep pulling Nikki's hips back. "Ughn, Ughn Ughn." he groaned while pumping his load deep inside the twitching woman. He slowly pulled out of her letting his softening cock flop free. He lowered his crotch putting his balls on his wife's forehead as she immediately began licking the sticky juices from the underside of his cock.
While Nikki gathered her senses Penny continued sucking the combined juices from Kenny's cock. Her hand still rubbing her clit although slower now that she had an orgasm of her own during the fireworks above her.
Kenny jumped off the bed and headed to the bathroom. Nikki sat up putting her juicy crotch on Penny's face. A slight repositioning got her pussy over the submissive mouth underneath her.
"Time to be a good wifey and clean the girlfriend's pussy." she smirked in a superior attitude. Copious amounts of semen seeped from the warm soft womanhood as Penny licked, sucked and swallowed for all she was worth.
"I think your wife will make a perfect cuckquean slave, baby." Nikki said as Kenny returned from the bathroom. "I mean look at what a wonderful pussy cleaner she is becoming. And this is her first experience as a cuckquean wife with less than a week's training."