Harry floated contentedly while Snape slowly extracted his fist, relishing the tender kisses and light strokes that accompanied the act. Half asleep, he wondered at the dichotomy of the vicious, greasy, utterly hot Potions master. One minute, he was making Harry’s head explode with pain, pleasure and trepidation, the next, he was being gentle, witty and kind. It was an unusual combination but then, Severus Snape was an unusual man.

“All right?”

Harry opened his eyes and flexed his lower back. Ahhh. He was a bit stiffer than he was used to, and certainly a bit more fragile in places than he was used to, but overall…

“I’m okay,” Harry said hoarsely. He cleared his throat. “Thank you, that was amazing.”

He heard Snape perform a couple of cleaning spells and snickered. He didn’t even want to know the details.

“Do you think you can walk?” Snape’s voice asked tiredly. Harry nodded and felt himself becoming vertical and being lowered until the tips of his toes brushed against the rug. He nodded again and felt the heavy weight of gravity kick in. He stumbled and Snape grabbed him by the arms. Harry felt himself squeezed against a deliciously strong chest and sighed. He heard Snape chuckle as he was led out of the room.

“Off you go.” A hand in the small of his back directed him to the toilet. “I’ll run you a bath.”

Harry contemplated standing up, thought it was too much effort, so plonked himself on the toilet. He grimaced – he had no idea of what to expect. After a few minutes of anxiety, he was relieved to see that everything was in working order. The silence and the solitude woke him up, and a hot bath sounded perfect.

Snape was kneeling by the bath, running his hand through the water and causing the bubbles to swirl and expand. Like before, the room was filled with candlelight, but no music. “I don’t think it’s too hot, but tell me what you think.”

Harry climbed in and sighed as he rested his head on the rim. The water was the perfect temperature, the smell of the bath lotion intoxicating, the feel of it all running over his sore frame was wonderful. He looked up to notice Snape at the doorway. “Going somewhere?”

Snape gave him an exasperated look. “I’ve barely been out of your sight since we arrived at this godforsaken place. A man’s got to piss!”

Harry chuckled as his stomach rumbled. “And eat. But we don’t have much luck there.”

“Not unless you want to transfigure furniture and have it taste like rocks. So Master, may I leave your sight?”

“Yep, but don’t be too long,” Harry yelled to his retreating back. Master. Hrmmph. But the idea of food sounded good. He’d been hungry when he’d Disapparated…

Oh shit.

Harry sat up abruptly, searching for and finding his wand on the floor. Casting an anxious glance at the door, he quickly charmed a spinning globe to appear. Moving it around, following the longitudinal and latitudinal lines, he groaned. He was right. They weren’t in Scotland anymore. In fact, they weren’t even in the right hemisphere. When Harry had grabbed Snape’s arm to quickly Disapparate them away from danger, his mind had been thinking ‘Aberdeen’, but his stomach had been thinking ‘Chinese food.’ The torrential rain, powerful storms, humid temperature, all led him to…

Aberdeen.

Aberdeen, Hong Kong.

Who’d have fucking thought it. Bloody hell – wasn’t anyone original?

Hearing a door slam he quickly waved the wand, causing the slightly bobbing globe to burst like a bubble, dropped the wand to the floor and settled back into the water. He closed his eyes and tried to look relaxed. He’d tell the man later. Possibly tomorrow. Maybe never.

He squeaked slightly when he felt a warm flannel running up his chest. Snape was kneeling by his side, the dark eyes fixated on the hand gently cleansing him.

Harry smiled. “You don’t have to do that, you know. I’m all right.”

“I know,” Snape said, running the soapy flannel down each of Harry’s arms, paying particularly attention to his armpits.

“I’m fine. Really,” he added, as he was encouraged to sit up so Snape could wash his back and arse.

“Quite.”

“Snape. Severus.” The hand stilled. “You didn’t hurt me. Really.”

Snape’s mouth twisted into a small grin and Harry leant over to kiss him. Snape’s mouth moved gently over his, almost as if he believed Harry was a precious object that could break at any second. Harry liked it, but didn’t want Snape to think he needed to be treated so carefully.

“Never knew you were such a softy,” Harry mumbled against Snape’s lips. Snape snorted and pulled back, giving Harry a tight glare as he dipped the flannel into the water between Harry’s knees.

“I may have been a bit…rough. It’s not my usual style,” he added, sounding almost embarrassed to admit it.

Harry slid down so his chin was just above water level. He sighed as he felt Snape’s hands moving gently against his thighs and crotch. He was a bit tender in that area, but it still felt marvellous.

“You didn’t do anything I didn’t ask for,” Harry replied, rubbing his flaccid cock against the rough material. He didn’t think anything short of a potion was going to make him get it up anytime soon, but he liked Snape’s clever fingers in the region.

Snape hummed as he wrung out the flannel, folding it neatly in half and laying it on top of the tap. “Finished. Do you think you could get some sleep now?”

“Maybe,” Harry said through a yawn. “What about you, don’t you want a bath?”

“Believe it or not, Mister Potter, but I am quite capable of bathing myself. Have been doing it for years, actually,” Snape said as he dried Harry off and helped him step out of the tub. He bent down and placed a quick peck on Harry’s lips. “Bed. Now. Don’t wait up.”

“’Kay,” Harry replied as he stumbled out of the bathroom, shivering slightly at the sudden change of temperature. Bed sounded good. And it looked good. Snape had cleaned it up, remade it, and had fanned the flames of the fire until the room was pleasantly toasty. Apart from the ache in his empty stomach and the twinge in his nether regions, Harry felt fine. He fell gracelessly into bed, barely having the energy to pull the covers over him. More than fine.

When Harry awoke, not much had changed. He still hurt a bit, his hunger had gone from annoying to raging, but the sun was shining brightly through the windows.

Sunlight. No rain. They might actually be able to leave in one piece now.

He turned over and found himself face to face with a sleeping Potions master. Snape slept on his stomach, legs twisted at an awkward angle, one arm under his pillow, the other flung over Harry’s waist. The sound of his breathing was loud in the quiet of morning. Harry smiled as he kissed Snape on the nose. It wrinkled, and a look of mild irritation crossed over Snape’s face before it relaxed back into slackness. Harry grinned and kissed it again. The nose wrinkled and Snape turned his head slightly, burrowing into the pillow. Trying not to laugh, Harry kissed it a third time, a wet, smacking kiss that caused Snape to snort, startle and wake up suddenly.

“Good morning,” Harry said, feeling a foolish grin stretching his face.

Snape’s head collapsed back onto the pillow. “Is it?”

“It is,” Harry replied, moving closer to give the man a good morning kiss. He noticed a few things; one, Snape’s breath was quite passable in the morning, two, his skin was all warm and soft, and three, Harry had a woody you could hammer nails with. He thrust said woody into Snape’s thigh.

“Ah, I see,” Snape murmured, rolling over and pulling Harry closer to him. Hands went questing below the blankets and Harry was pleased to note he wasn’t the only interested party in the morning’s proceedings.

“It’s stopped raining,” Harry said as he nuzzled the soft hair around Snape’s ear. He moaned as he felt hands descend down his spine, rubbing firmly against his lower back and arse.

“Has it?” Snape asked as he sucked on Harry’s neck.

“We could probably get home now,” Harry mumbled as he licked Snape’s collar bone, running his hands through wiry chest hair and trailing them down until they met the firm, smooth skin between Snape’s legs.

“Really,” Snape replied, as rolled onto his back and pulled Harry willingly on top of him.

“Hey!” Harry exclaimed from his perch. “I just remembered. I wanted to ask you something.”

Snape’s eyebrow rose and Harry felt a blush starting. “Well,” he continued, dropping innocent kisses over Snape’s cheeks and eyes. “I was wondering, when we get back, home that is, would you…I mean, if the idea doesn’t totally repulse you…”

“Get to the point, Mister Potter.”

Taking the bull by the horns, Harry blurted out, “Would you like to go on a date with me, Severus?”

The Potions master’s eyes widened slightly and Harry scowled. “Never mind,” he mumbled, as he rolled off and lay on his back. “It was a stupid idea.”

“A. Date?” Snape pronounced carefully, as if Harry was speaking in tongues.

“Yeah, as in dinner or theatre or maybe a picnic or something. Forget it, it was a stupid idea,” Harry groaned as he threw his arm over his eyes.

“You want to go out on a date. With me. In public. Where people could see us.”

Harry flung his arm away, barely missing slapping the slightly stunned looking Snape. “All right, I get it! As if you’d want to be seen in my presence anyway. Everyone knows you hate me; they’d think you’d finally lost the plot. Stupid idea, let’s forget I even mentioned it. We’ll just…oh, fuck.”

“Harry.”

Harry stared at the ceiling.

“Potter.”

Harry sighed and looked at Snape.

“You would be willing to appear in public with me, doing things that quite clearly demonstrate that we have an interest in each other? You’d be willing for the members of the Order to know, your friends to know? Dumbledore to know?”

“I’m not ashamed of being with you, you know. I don’t know what the big fuss is, unless you’re ashamed of me?”

Snape bit his lip and he huffed. “You are an idiot,” he said, although the harsh words were softened by the careful way he smoothed Harry’s fringe from his forehead. “Yes, Mister Potter, I will go on a date with you. Thank you for asking.”

A wide grin broke out over Harry’s face, and he threw himself on top of the unresisting professor. “Excellent.” They kissed deeply, hurriedly. “Want to celebrate?”

Snape snorted. “Does it always come down to sex with you, Potter?”

“Ahhh, but there are so many different ways to have sex, as you’ve so amazingly demonstrated. And, to be quite honest, I don’t think I’m ready for that yet,” Harry said, wincing slightly as he clenched his buttocks.

Snape’s eyes softened. “Potter,” he whispered, “I wish for you to penetrate me anally.”

“Huhhh?”

Snape sighed. “Perhaps if I phrased it differently. Does Little Harry, Jr. still wish to go - ” his lips twisted, “spelunking?”

Harry giggled, looked at Snape’s stern face and giggled some more. “Yes. Yes, Little Harry, Jr. would love to go spelunking. But I thought you didn’t do that sort of thing.”

“That was your first mistake, Potter, thinking. You’ve a lot to learn about me.”

“And you’ve got a lot to learn about me,” Harry said, smiling shyly.

Snape drew Harry’s head down for a slow kiss. “Indeed. Now, if there are no other issues that need to be resolved – “

Snape turned onto his stomach, propping his chin on his hands and spreading his knees. Harry’s jaw dropped. Snape noticed, and arched his lower back, thrusting his arse up a little.

“Shit,” Harry said, licking his lips. This was like all his Christmas’s had come at once. Who was he kidding? This was way better than books, cardigans and teeth-cracking toffee. “I’ve got an idea. Get up for a minute.”

With a look of curiosity, Snape rose majestically from the bed and stood with his arms crossed over his chest. He looked quite imposing, if one ignored his hard on.

“Close your eyes,” Harry commanded.

With a glare, Snape did so. “I’m not going to open them and find myself in a French maid’s outfit, am I?”

“No,” Harry chuckled, waving his wand over their bed and whispering spells under his breath.

“Good, ‘cause the knickers pinch.”

“What?” Harry yelled.

Eyes still closed, Snape grinned widely. “So gullible.”

“Prat,” Harry mumbled, trying to get the image of Snape’s arse covered in tight, frilly white knickers out of his mind. “Okay, you can open your eyes now.”

Harry stood back, wanting to see every expression pass over Snape’s face. Yep, there was the confusion, followed by realisation, horror, disgust and amusement.

“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Snape drawled.

“Nope,” Harry said as he hopped up onto an exact replica of Snape’s desk from his Potions classroom. He pushed the parchment and quills out of the way. “Like it?”

Snape chuckled, a slightly stunned look on his face. “Whatever possessed you – ?“

“I didn’t get to play out all my fantasies while you were under that potion. I hope you don’t mind.”

“Fantasy, hmm? And how long has this particular - ?”

“Tut, tut, Severus. You won’t find out all my secrets at once. We’ve got to leave something to talk about on our date. Now, I think you should bend over it.”

“I should…what?”

Harry jumped off the table and stalked across the room. Even though he was a few centimetres shorter than the Potions master, he could easily look him in the eye. He felt a rush of exhilaration run through his body. Snape had all his faculties this time. Would he let Harry have control?

“Go over there,” Harry murmured, his fingertips ghosting over Snape’s arms, “and bend over that desk. Now.”

Snape’s chin dropped and he stared into Harry’s eyes. A few seconds passed and Harry wondered if he’d gone too far. A shadow of a smile passed over Snape’s lips and he lowered his eyes submissively. “As you wish.”

Harry took a deep, steadying breath as he watched the play of muscles stretch under the man’s back as he sauntered towards to the desk. Snape braced his forearms and leant over, resting his head on his arms. Harry could feel the dark burn of his eyes from the other side of the room.

Holding his hand out, Harry wordlessly summoned the bottle of bath lotion from the bathroom. He placed in besides Snape’s head and ran his hands reverently down his spine. “You’re gorgeous.”

Snape giggled, then scowled. “Ticklish.”

“Mmmm, can’t have that, can we?” Harry said as he kissed his way down Snape’s back, fondling his skin possessively. He nibbled the tender flesh at the base of his spine, then licked his way slowly to the top, nuzzling the back of his neck.

“Harry,” Snape breathed, moving slightly.

“Shhh, I’ll take care of you.” Sucking on each of Snape’s shoulder blades until he’d produced matching love bites, Harry stood behind the bent body of the Potions master and sank to his knees. “Spread your legs.”

Snape whimpered and did so. Harry stared longingly at the tender, hairless flesh exposed to his view. He ran the tip of his tongue lightly over Snape’s balls, feeling every twitch. “You look beautiful like this, Severus. So naked. So wanton.”

Snape pressed back, his full sack swinging into Harry’s mouth. Harry obliged, dropping his jaw and sucking the delicate morsel into his mouth, humming slightly. He heard a moan and sucked harder, feeling Snape’s legs starting to tremble with the effort of not moving.

“Harry!”

With a soft pop, Harry released the tasty treat and got more comfortable. “Spread your legs further. I want to see more of you.”

He held Snape’s hips still as the man’s feet moved apart. “Lean forward more. That’s it. More. Open yourself up further.”

With a groan, Snape moved himself up onto the desk more fully, spreading his thighs are far apart as he could. Harry could see his thick, ready erection bobbing with each movement. Harry placed his hands on Snape’s ankles and pushed, pressing as he firmly ran them up the calves, over the back of trembling knees, over the thighs until they rested on Snape’s cheeks. He pulled them apart and blew gently over the smooth hole.

“I never thanked you properly for doing this,” Harry said, his voice low with passion as he dove in, his tongue seeking and finding Snape’s eager hole.

“Fuck!” Snape yelled as he bucked against the sensation. Harry’s hands tightened as he held the man in place, kissing and sucking the smooth skin. It was his skin, all of it. He’d been the one to prepare it, he’d been the one to shave it. Snape’s arse was his.

“Fuck, Harry…fuck,” Snape stammered as Harry’s tongue lashed wetly inside him. He screamed when Harry’s hand clutched onto his cock, pulling with the same rhythm of the tongue stroking his hole.

“Can’t…I’m going to…”

Harry pulled out abruptly and stood up. He grabbed the lotion and ripped off the cap, spilling the liquid over his hands in his haste. “I don’t know about you, Severus, but I can’t wait any longer.”

“Get your cock in me now!” Snape demanded, pulling his cheeks open and sticking his arse up higher in the air.

Harry whimpered as he quickly thrust two fingers into Snape’s body, spreading the lubricant as far as he could. “I don’t want to hurt you!” he stammered as he rubbed fluid over his throbbing cock with his other hand.

Snape looked over his shoulder, flinging his hair off his face. “Potter,” he growled. “Stop playing with yourself, and get over here. I want your cock in my arse and I want it now.” His voice lowered menacingly. “Now come here and fuck me over my desk.”

And a thousand firecrackers went off inside Harry’s mind. He remembered every Potions lesson he’d ever had – the smell of the dungeons, the uncomfortableness of the benches, the hard looks Snape had given him, the sly words he’d used, the way his robes had clung and swirled around his body, the way his voice used to shoot straight from Harry’s ears to his cock, the unbelievable tension between them, the way Harry had fantasised over and over and over again of what it would feel like to bend the man over, to have him open and willing and splayed over his desk begging for Harry to stick it in him…

Harry pushed in and fucked him like there was no tomorrow.

Snape pushed back against him, grunting each time they smacked together.

“Oh…god…yeah,” Harry moaned, licking sweat off his upper lip as he pulled on Snape’s hips, thrusting into him so hard the desk thudded with each movement.

“Oh…that’s it, Potter,” Snape mumbled, hands scrambling over loose pieces of parchment.

“You like that, Snape? You like being fucked over your desk?” Harry panted, locking his knees and throwing his back into it.

“You…fuck…you.”

“That’s it, Snape, that’s it. Take it. Oh God, take it all.”

“Merlin…” Snape whimpered and gasped.

“I’ve wanted…to do this…for so long,” Harry admitted, leaning around and holding Snape’s swollen cock in his hand, tightening his grip and letting the force of his thrusts push the twitching member through his fingers.

“Oh…god. Harry, don’t stop!”

“Never, never,” Harry chanted as he felt Snape tighten around him. “Oh God, Severus, you feel so good. Never want to stop, never want…”

With a convulsive movement, Snape snapped his arse back onto Harry’s hard cock and screamed as he came, a thick, steady stream of fluid erupting in Harry’s hand. Harry bit his lip and rode the bucking body, his hips slowing down as he put everything he had into fucking him, fucking that glorious, delectable, cranky, sexy bastard, each thrust spinning his senses, blowing his mind, making him feel the best he’d ever felt in his life…

A few minutes later he lifted his head from Snape’s sweaty back and pressed a kiss between the man’s heaving shoulders.

“All right?”

“Fifty…fucking…points…to Gryffindor.”

Clothes dried and put on, Harry and Severus stood downstairs, looking around the empty lounge room.

“It’s been a long night,” Harry said, feeling slightly nervous.

“It has,” Snape agreed, running his fingers through his hair.

“I’m not sorry it happened though,” Harry stammered.

Snape shook his head from his face. “Nor am I. Worst case, I’ll get a meal out of you. If you’re still sure about this dating business?”

Any further conversation Snape would have made was cut off by Harry’s eager tongue in his mouth. With one last hug, they stepped out of each other’s arms.

“God, I’m hungry,” Harry said absently, wiping his wand on his robe and swishing it through the air, checking the red and gold sparks shooting from its tip.

“Are you certain you’ll be able to get us back? We don’t know where we are,” Snape asked.

Harry blushed and lowered his head, tucking his wand securely up his sleeve. “About that – “

“Potter!”

Harry wound an arm around Snape’s waist and pulled them together tightly. “Don’t worry, Severus, I’ll explain it all to you when we get back.”

“Harry – “

Harry lifted his head and kissed Snape until he felt the man’s arms wrap around him. “Be a good dear and shut up, will you? I need to concentrate.”

“Dear?” Snape huffed. “I’ve never been so insulted – “

With a pop, they disappeared. The sound of chittering birds outside stopped suddenly, and the heavens opened. The storm had returned.