Thomas looked at the staircase before him. He'd climbed those stairs thousands of times, but a bad hip and failing health had kept him from ascending them for more than 3 years. Two of his granddaughters had stayed up there while attending the nearby college, but Thomas himself hadn't been up there in a long time.
His body was weak and tired ravaged by age and illness. Any other night he would not have even considered attempting what he was about to do. That night however he knew that he had to attempt it...no...not just attempt it...he knew that he had to reach the top.
Clutching firmly to the hand rail Thomas raised his left foot onto the first step and then with great effort pulled his right foot up as well. The going was slow. Three times he had to stop to stand and rest his legs. He was determined to go on though and after a 10 minute struggle his feet were both standing in the hallway of the second floor of his house for the first time in more than 3 years.
Thomas looked down the hallway. It was dark, but he could see just well enough to see his goal at the far end of the hall.
Taking steps that were more shuffling than actual walking Thomas made his way down the hall. When he finally reached his goal there were tears in his eyes. He turned the knob and slowly pushed the door open.
The room was dark...the lights hadn't been turned on since he'd last been there. There was no need for light though...he knew every inch of the room by heart. Thomas walked through the open doorway and into the room.
Thomas was blinded by a bright light as he walked through the doorway. He raised his arm to shield his eyes.
Thomas lowered his arm and opened his eyes and suddenly became confused and disoriented.
Instead of his bedroom he found himself standing in a beautiful meadow. After a moment he recognized the meadow. It was the place where he had first made love to his wife more than 60 years earlier.
"I've been waiting for you Thomas." Mary said.
That voice...he hadn't heard it in 45 years, but he knew it immediately. He turned...looking for the source of the voice. Thomas couldn't believe what he saw. There she was...just as she'd looked that day...completely perfect.
"Mary?" Thomas asked.
"Hello Thomas. I've been waiting for you." Mary said.
"Waiting...what...what is this place? Am I dreaming?" Thomas asked.
"No Thomas you aren't dreaming...you have no need for dreams anymore. You've finally come to me." Mary said.
"Come to you? Am I dead?" Thomas asked.
Mary put her arms around Thomas' neck and looked into his eyes.
"Yes Thomas. You died entering our bedroom and you were brought here so that we could be together again." Mary said.
"Our bedroom...I was heading to our bedroom." Thomas said.
"I know Thomas. I was watching you. It pained me to see you struggle like that to get up the stairs, but it also made me happy. For you...sick and withered by age to have the determination to climb those stairs and walk down that hallway so that you could be in our bedroom today. I couldn't have gotten a better gift Thomas." Mary said.
"It's our anniversary Mary...it's the 60th anniversary of the happiest...and 45th anniversary of the saddest day of my life." Thomas said.
"I know Thomas...I've seen you struggle to balance the joy and the pain of our anniversary for the past 45 years. That's what makes what you did tonight so special. You wanted to be where we had made so many happy memories and you gave your last breath to do it. That's true devotion and true love Thomas." Mary said.
Thomas' eyes filled with tears.
"I've missed you so much." Thomas said.
He pulled Mary into a firm embrace. She held onto him just as hard.
"I can't imagine how difficult the past 45 years have been for you Thomas. I've watched with pride as you raised our children and held our grandchildren and even our great grandchildren in your arms, but I've also been deeply saddened as I watched the nights where you would lay in bed crying for hours. I could see you which gave me a great deal of comfort, but you could not see me or feel me." Mary said.
Thomas pulled back from their embrace.
"I did feel you Mary...I felt you every day...right here." Thomas said.
He took her hand and put it over his heart.
"You remained in my heart the entire time." Thomas said.
"Oh Thomas...I love you." Mary said.
She leaned in and for the first time in 45 years Thomas and Mary Williams kissed.
"Do you recognize this place Thomas?" Mary asked.
"Yes...this is where we first made love...over there on a blanket under that tree." Thomas said.
"This was the most perfect place I had ever been...the most perfect day that I'd had...excluding our wedding and when the children were born. It was the most perfect day where the two of us were alone together. I couldn't think of any better setting for our reunion than right here. Make love to me Thomas...make love to me like you did that day. Make love to me like a man that hasn't made love to his wife in 45 years." Mary said.
She took Thomas' hand and led him towards the tree. There right where it had been 6 decades earlier was the blanket.
"Are you sure you want to make love to such a sick and withered old man?" Thomas asked.
"Thomas...the ravages of age cannot affect you here. You are as young and healthy as you were that day." Mary said.
Mary grabbed her purse, pulled out the little mirror in her makeup and handed it to Thomas. He looked and saw a familiar face...a much younger version of himself.
"So time has no meaning here?" Thomas asked.
"No...we can be as young and beautiful as we want for all eternity." Mary said.
"Could we make love for eternity?" Thomas asked.
"Yes of course...we can do whatever we want Thomas...this is heaven." Mary said.
"Then we'd better get started...eternity isn't long enough for me to make love to you." Thomas said.
Mary smiled and they began making love like they had on that first day.