The candles had been moved from the head and into the bedroom. Wesley was lying naked on the bed. Will joined him on the bed and kissed him deeply. Wesley ran his hands along Will’s body.

Will moved from Wesley’s lips to his neck, finding the spot that made Wesley squirm. He kissed and licked at it, not wanting to leave any marks tonight. He moved further down Wesley’s body.

He licked at one of Wesley’s nipples before gently taking it into his mouth. He suckled and brought a hand over to Wesley’s other nipple, teasing it with his fingers. He waited until he had Wesley panting beneath him before biting down gently. Wesley arched up into him. He moved his mouth to the other nub, lavishing on it the same exquisite torture.

Wesley’s hands wound their way through his hair as Will moved further down his body, leaving kisses as he went. He licked the pre-come from the head of Wesley’s cock before sliding his lips all the way down.

He held a couple of fingers to Wesley’s lips until he opened his mouth, slicking them with saliva. Wesley was pretty loose from all of the sex they had been having, but he didn’t want to slip fingers into Wesley completely dry.

He dipped his tongue into Wesley’s slit and he pushed a first finger inside of him. He quickly added a second finding Wesley’s prostate as he swallowed around Wesley’s cock.

Wesley came with a shout, and Will groaned as he drank down Wesley’s come. When Wesley had finished and there was no more left for Will to drink, he moved away from Wesley’s body long enough to grab the lube.

He slicked up his fingers and pushed three into Wesley’s body. He looked down at Wesley, the candlelight softening his features. His body, though utterly relaxed from the orgasm, was already moving to meet the thrusting of Will’s fingers.

When Will pulled them out completely, Wesley moaned and tried to follow them. Will chuckled. “Easy baby.”

He slicked himself up and slid into Wes. Legs were wrapped around him, and Will, smiling, leaned in and kissed Wesley. He moved slowly inside of Wesley, wanting to make this last.

Wesley’s hands ran along his already slick back, the candles making the room hotter. Will stopped kissing Wesley so that he could watch him. Wesley smiled up at him and Will could feel him growing hard between them.

Wesley’s hands left his back to cup his face. He leaned up to kiss Will, and Will stopped moving so he could really kiss Wes back.

“I love you, Will,” Wesley said against his lips. Will smiled and rubbed their noses together. “I love you too, Wes.”

Wesley ran a hand along the side of Will’s face and then through his hair until he curled it around his neck.

“The candles are starting to go out,” Wesley whispered in his ear. Will rubbed their noses together again and then reached a hand between them and took Wesley into his hand and began stroking. He started moving inside of Wesley again, a faster pace than earlier.

When Wesley orgasmed for the second time that night, Will was right behind him.

Will held Wesley in his arms and kissed him sweetly as they both came down. As the last candle died out, plunging the room into darkness, Will pulled Wesley even closer to him and held on tight.