Q-Squared was the hottest bar in Los Angeles. It was where everybody went to see and be seen, which made it a very bad choice for one of its patrons in particular. Angel glanced down at his watch as he reached for his drink, raising it to his lips for a sip before he set it down again. He'd been sitting at the table for nearly an hour now, doing his best to forget the wreckage of his last relationship, but between the waitress who kept bending over far more than was necessary when she set his drink down and the breathy greetings from one pretty young boy after another who didn't seem to understand that sometimes a man wanted to drink alone, he was just about ready to forget the whole thing. Besides, he had an early meeting in the morning, and he could use the extra sleep.

He drained the last few swallows of whiskey and stood up, reaching into his pocket for the money he'd set aside for tonight. The waitress was going to end up with a pretty hefty tip, but he hadn't expected to want to leave after only a few drinks. He'd thought he was going to spend most of the night here, and instead he was ready to go home after just an hour. "Guess Lindsey really was right," he muttered, trying not to think of how his ex-lover had always accused him of being too tense to ever relax and have fun.

"Depends on what he said, don't it?" an amused voice asked from behind him. Angel turned around, ready to tell whoever it was to go away, but instead found himself face to face with the most gorgeous man he'd ever seen. He had white-blond hair, vivid blue eyes, high cheekbones that angled so sharply Angel found himself wanting to run his fingertips over them to see if they'd cut him, and a mouth that was almost too pretty for a man. Angel stared, unable to do anything but watch as the man smiled, clearly used to the effect he had on people. "What's your name, handsome?"

"A- Liam." He wasn't about to tell this stranger the nickname Lindsey had given him, even if he did have an incredibly winning smile.

His eyes sparkled as his smile broadened. "A Liam, huh? Can't say that I've ever met one of those before." Without waiting for an invitation, he slid into the booth across from the seat Angel had just vacated. "Now, don't tell me you were plannin' on leavin' just now. Break my heart, you will." He flashed another lethal grin and jerked his head at the spot across the table. "Come on, one more drink, yeah?"

The rough English accent sent shivers down his spine. It just didn't seem fair that one man looked like that and had a voice practically custom-ordered to jump start his every fantasy, to boot. Angel sighed and sat back down, raising his hand to signal the waitress for another round. "Just curious- does everybody always do what you want?"

He laughed, the sound breaking forth in an easy peal of amusement that made several people around them turn to look. "Can't say as I've had too many blokes tell me no, but then I'm pretty picky about the askin' I do," he replied. "Course, sometimes I might wanna be the one asked..."

There was no mistaking the meaning in his last words, not when his voice dropped and those blue eyes fixed on him with an almost palpable intensity. Angel's breath caught for a second, and he fought the urge to either squirm like a butterfly on a pin or make his excuses and get as far away as he could as fast as his legs and expensive sports car outside would take him. "How about I start with asking your name?"

"Most round these parts call me Spike," he drawled, a lazy smile playing across his lips.

Angel didn't have to ask where the nickname had come from, and really didn't think he wanted to know, anyway. "So what do I call you, then?"

One eyebrow rose, but for some reason, he didn't argue the point, just said simply, "Will."

"Will," he repeated, testing the word out, seeing how it felt coming off his tongue. It was short and sweet, but he liked it, so he said it again. "Will."

Will leaned forward. "So, you plannin' on-" Whatever else he said was lost under an onslaught of techno music. Apparently the DJ had decided that happy hour was over and it was time for the night to really get started. That, or he was just plain sadistic.

Angel shook his head. "What? I didn't-" When Will frowned and tilted his head, he raised his voice. "I didn't hear you!"

He expected the other man to yell back, but instead, he slid out of the booth and held his hand out. When Angel just stared at him, he twitched his fingers in an obvious demand. Still not quite sure of what he wanted, Angel put his hand in Will's and let him pull him up. Without letting go, Will turned and led him towards the quickly filling dance floor. It took him a few seconds to realize where they were headed, and when he did, he stopped in his tracks, yanking back on Will's hand to bring him up short as well.

The sudden change of direction sent Will stumbling back, and Angel's other hand came up automatically to steady him. Once he was sure he wasn't going to fall, he should've let go, but instead he found himself drawing the slender body back against his own, his breath catching with the first contact. The scent of cigarettes and alcohol mingled with the sharp smell of hair gel and deodorant, and while he didn't particularly care for any of the separate components, after his second breath, he decided that something about the mixture was actually very appealing. Or maybe it was just the man they all clung to.

Will leaned back against him for a moment, then turned his head and looked up at the man who held him. "Gonna stand here all night, then?"

Jerking his hands away as though burned, Angel shook his head. "It's just- I don't dance," he told him flatly. The one time he'd let Lindsey coax him out onto the floor, he'd ended up being the butt of jokes and office gossip for two weeks. He wasn't about to repeat the mistake, particularly not with this man, who probably danced like a sex god, if the way he looked was anything to go on.

"Wouldn't devastate me by refusin', now, wouldja, pet?" The sight of Will's full lips pouting ever so slightly had him leaning down, yearning to taste them, hungry to feel them under his own, but he managed to pull back at the last second. Something told him this man could be very dangerous to his sanity, and in the end, Angel let him pull him out onto the floor. It was that or kiss him senseless in the middle of the club, and he really needed to get his wits about him before he ended up doing just that anyways.

Making a fool of himself quickly turned out to be the least of his worries when Will slid his arms around Angel's waist and plastered himself against the bigger man's body. His hands urged Angel to move with him, and soon he was following along, hips moving with Will's in a swaying rhythm that was more like foreplay than dancing. Will seemed at ease out here, comfortable with the heads that turned to look at them and the eyes that drifted down over both their bodies, and when his lips brushed against Angel's neck as he turned to murmur, "Relax," in his ear, Angel forgot everything else but Will. "C'mon, luv, relax," he repeated, the low tones of his voice so close to a purr that Angel wondered what he'd say if he asked to pet him for a few hours, like some giant cat. That was supposed to lower blood pressure, wasn't it?

And his was desperately in need of lowering, beacause it was skyrocketing. He wasn't quite sure how that worked, since it felt like all the available blood in his body had headed south. Angel clutched Will closer as his cock filled and lengthened, hardening in a dizzying rush, and with the dress slacks he wore, there was no hiding his arousal from his dance partner. Thankfully, Will didn't seem to mind- at least, not if the way he ground against him and rocked up to press his own erection against his hip was any indciation.

There was no way Angel could wait any longer. He had to taste him, had to feel his mouth under his, if only because he wasn't going to be able to keep quiet much longer. Will glanced up at him and Angel ducked down, catching hold of his mouth, which opened for him immediately. His tongue slipped inside to be met by Will's, wrapping around him like a snake, stroking and pulling him deeper until he couldn't hold back any longer. He moaned into Will's mouth, one hand sliding down to cup his firm ass and pull it tighter against him. Will's hands rose to grip his shoulders and he squirmed against him with a low sound of his own that shot straight to Angel's dick.

He didn't know how long they'd been out on the floor before a low whistle from someone nearby made him pull back. Christ, he'd practically been dry-humping Will right in the middle of the club, where everybody could see! Angel's cheeks heated as he forced himself to pull back, his hand squeezing Will's ass once more before releasing him. He peeled himself away from Will, looking away so he didn't have to see the satisfied heat that just knew blazed int hose blue eyes. "Sorry," he mumbled. "I didn't mean to-"

"Hey now, none of that," Will chided him. He took hold of Angel's hand and led him back to the table, sliding in beside him this time. For a few minutes, neither of them said anything, but simply sat there, Angel staring down at the table trying to figure out how to apologize for his lack of control on the dance floor, Will studying him with a curious look. Finally, Angel looked up, ready to make his awkward excuses and head for home, when Will's hand slid down to cup his hard on through his slacks. "How about takin' me home with you?" the blond asked, squeezing him gently. "Really don't fancy goin' back to an empty bed, an' it feels like you don't either."

Angel opened his mouth, ready to explain that he didn't do one-night stands or casual sex. He wasn't interested in a relationship right now, though, not so soon after the break-up with Lindsey, and anything besides a polite refusal would just be leading Will on. He would just tell the other man that this had been a fluke, then go home and get in the shower, and if he ended up jerking off under the hot water thinking about somebody paler and blonder than his ex-lover, well, that was his business. But to his horror, he heard himself say, "My car's out back. Can you follow me, or do you need a ride?" instead.

Will didn't answer him, just smiled and leaned in for another heated kiss. Angel's dick was throbbing when he pulled back and gave him one last caress. "Let's go, pet. Don't think I can wait much longer to have you inside me."