Title: My Girlfriend is Such a Tease - Part Two




Summary: Running into a little problem with my stepdaughter




Keywords: fic,inc,oral, lesbian, cowgirl, hot tub





I had a very stressful day in court today. I came home earlier than usual and I heard a lot of moaning and screaming coming from upstairs. I needed to find out what was happening. I knew Lisa was home and was sure it was coming from her room.

I walked up the stairs and the moans were getting louder as I approached her room. She left the door semi-opened and I peeked in. She was on her bed with an anal plug inside of her asshole and she was rubbing her Hitachi Magic Wand all over her pussy. She was on her hands and knees on her bed. She was making all kinds of sounds and talking to herself.

Lisa, what are you doing, love? 

Kathy, Im so glad youre home. I was thinking about yesterday and getting myself off. My pussy is a creamy mess. Would you like to lick it? 

Id love to lick your pussy, but youre going to have to lick mine too. 

Id love to lick yours too. Take your clothes off and lay on top of me. Then can you fuck me again with your big cock? 

Have you called David today? 

I havent done that yet. Ive just been thinking about you and masturbating. 

You know, we could have sex all together with David. I think youd enjoy that. I could help you and David enjoy sex better. 

For now, youre all I want. So please get undressed and come play with me. 

"Come over here and undress me! 

Okay! 

Lisa got off her bed and approached me. She helped me take my black jacket off. She pulled my pink blouse over my head and unclasped my pink bra. She unzipped my black pencil skirt and I stepped out of it. I was left in my thigh highs and heels. I was not wearing panties. 

Do you ever wear your panties? 

Not really. 

Thats so sexy, Kathy. 

My stepdaughter and I kissed passionately. My hands were on her buttocks and her anal plug was still deep inside of her ass. 

I see youre wearing an anal plug. Do you like that? 

Yes! David bought it for me and I really like it. It gets my pussy really wet. Lets hurry up and get into sixty-nine position. I want us to enjoy each others pussies.

You just want me to lick your pussy. 

No! I want to lick your pussy too. I love your pussy, Kathy. 

I put my fingers into Lisas pussy and played with her for a little while. We were still kissing passionately while I fingered her hard. 

Fuck! I love when you do that. 

I know you do! You love to be my bitch, dont you? 

I do like that youre so aggressive with me. Will you be fucking me soon? 

In time, dear. 

Why dont you like David to fuck you? He loves you so much. 

He always wants to do other things. When were together, he always wants me to suck his cock and swallow his come. I really hate doing that, but sometimes thats the only way hell lick my pussy. Hes really growing tired of all my nonsense. I just enjoy him pleasing me more than anything. But, since weve been together, all I want is you. 

We then walked over to her bed and I got on top of her. We both licked each others pussies. We both moved our tongues up and down the others pussy lips. We both pushed our tongues into the other ones vagina and we both grinded our cunts on the other ones face. Her tongue felt incredible on my pussy. I was so excited and felt myself starting to release my hot juices. My stepdaughter was holding back while I continued to tongue fuck her hard. She then let out a moan and came on my tongue. 

Kathy, go get your strap-on and fuck my cunt. I just love when you fuck me with that thing. Maybe you can let me wear it and I can fuck your pussy? 

I think you should call David and we could all have a threesome together. 

Ill do that later. For now, I want you to fuck me with your cock. Please, will you fuck me? 

Okay, Lisa but you know that I cant be fucking you all the time. Im married to your father. When he comes back home, Im going to have to fuck him. You really need to patch things up with David. 

After you fuck daddy you can come fuck me. Im not going to be losing you. I love you Kathy. I need you to have sex with me. I love to have sex with you. I hate sex, but not with you. 

Let me go get my strap-on. 

I left Lisas room and kind of felt a little sick. I had no idea she was falling in love with me after one day of pussy licking and fucking. I did think this may be a little problem. I sure as hell didnt want to lose my husband, because I was fucking his daughter. I really needed to convince Lisa to call her boyfriend. She needed to be having sex with him and not with me. 

I got my strap on and attached it to myself and walked back to Lisas room. 

I thought youd never come back. Come lay with me on the bed. 

I couldnt believe how sweet she was being. I do think she was really enjoying being with me. We kissed passionately while I played with her breasts and she played with mine. She was moaning between kisses. She really did get very wet when I played with her breasts. 

Lisa moved my hand into her pussy and I played with her pussy that was extremely wet. 

Fuck! I love when you play with my cunt. Fuck me hard with your fingers. 

I moved my fingers in and out of her wet snatch. 

Fuck me with your cock now. 

I then got on top of her and slid my cock into her wet pussy. We kissed passionately while I thrusted in and out of her wet cunt. I then leaned down and sucked on her erect nipples. She loved when I did that and I could feel her pussy clamping down on my cock. 

Lisas knees were on the sides of my waist as I thrusted deeper and harder into her pussy. 

Fuck, Im coming! 

She came hard on my cock and started to moan and shake when she came. 

I pulled out of her and moved between her legs to drink her tangy juices. She loved when I ate her pussy. She was moaning while I licked her pussy lips and drank her hot and sweet love juices. 

Finger my pussy! I just love when you do that. 

I fingered her and she got all excited again and came on my fingers. This time her hot and thick white cream came pouring out of her wet pussy. I fucked her harder and faster and her white sticky come kept pouring out. I then brought my fingers to her mouth to taste her sweet and tasty cream. 

Youre my little bitch arent you? 

I love being your bitch. Please lick my pussy now. I love that. 

I went back to licking her pussy for another half hour. She would just love that I would lick her until shed passed out. Ive never saw a girl who loved to be licked so much. Between sucking on her tits and adoring her cunt, it didn't leave much time for anything else. 

Kathy, youre so amazing. I love when you make love to me. 

I love to make love to you too, however, you really need to get in touch with your boyfriend. Why dont you call him and we could all get together. 

I really dont want too. I just want you to fuck me. Do you have another friend we could call and share our bed with her? I really think Im into the chick thing. 

I could call another friend of mine. If youre really interested in being with another woman. 

Yes! Call your friend and have her come and join us. I just love how tender girl loving is. 

Okay! Ill go call my friend Michelle. I think youll like her. 

But, hurry I want you to lick my pussy some more. 

I rolled my eyes at my stepdaughter. I was starting to feel like her slave. I loved making love with her, but she really was quite bossy. 

I got out of the bed and went to call my friend Michelle. 

Ring, Ring 

Hello. 

Michelle, how are you doing? Its Kathy are you doing anything? 

"Im doing really well. How are you doing?"

Im really great. Listen, I have a really hot girl here that wants to have a threesome with you and me. Are you interested? 

You know, Im always interested for some pussy. Whos the girl? 

Actually, its Ryans daughter. Were not related in any way. Shes a hot little piece of ass. 

Ive seen her a few times at your house. She looks like a nice little treat. Does she like girls? 

Well, she likes me. Im sure shell love you as well. 

Give me about twenty minutes. Ill bring my strap-on too. 

Great! Youll enjoy her I know you will. 

See you soon. 

Bye. 

I knew Michelle would come over in a heartbeat. Shes a lesbian and loves to break in new girls. I really was thinking that my stepdaughter was now a bi-sexual girl. I knew that Michelle would love her to pieces. Maybe, Lisa would really like Michelle and be interested in her and not me. 

In one day, my stepdaughter was completely in love with me. I needed to get her back with her boyfriend or maybe she and Michelle could be lovers. Michelle had broken up with her lover recently. I knew she was down in the dumps and wanting to meet somebody else. This could be the perfect relationship. Im just not too sure my husband would be so happy with Lisas decision to be bi-sexual. I couldnt worry about that right now. 

I walked back to Lisas room and she looked so happy and was glowing. 

I called Michelle and shell be here in about twenty minutes. When she comes, should we all hang out by the hot tub? I think we could have some fun out there. 

Okay! I suppose we could hang in the hot tub. But, after we fuck there, we must come inside for pussy licking in your room. You know, I love oral sex much better then I love sex. I hope your friend loves to eat pussy, because I love that more than anything in this world. 

Youre in luck! Michelle is a lesbian and enjoys pussy licking as much as you do. In fact, shell eat your pussy all night if you let her. 

She sounds like a dream girl. I think Ill like her very much. 

Shes a very pretty girl. Shes thirty-five and she has black long hair and blue eyes. She has large breasts and loves to eat pussy. 

She sounds perfect. I like that shes a bit older than me. I hope she likes me. 

Shell love you, darling. 

Does she have a strap-on cock too? 

She does and youll love her. 

Im so horny thinking about her. I cant wait to meet her. What did you tell her about me? 

I told her that you were interested in having a threesome with another woman. I told her you recently started to like being with women. 

Was she okay with that? 

Yes! She cant wait to meet you. Shes as horny as you are. It will be a match made in heaven. 

Can you lick my pussy a little before she gets here? Im all horny now thinking about this amazing woman that loves cunt. 

Okay, Lisa. 

I got between my stepdaughters legs again and sucked on her pink pearl and pushed my fingers into her tight pussy. Lisa was moaning and thrashing all over the bed while I fingered her cunt. She loves attention to her body. I brushed my tongue all over her clitoris which made her come in my mouth. I fingered her faster and faster and she had a huge orgasm and covered my face with her amazingly sweet juices. 

I then joined her on the bed while we passionately kissed and I played with her breasts. She was in her element of being a spoiled rotten princess. 

Ding, Dong 

Michelle is here. Lets put on our robes and meet her downstairs. 

We both put our robes on and hurried downstairs to meet Michelle. 

Michelle, how are you sweetie? This is my stepdaughter, Lisa. 

Hello Lisa, arent you a pretty girl? Im pretty sure we met once or twice before. 

Nice to meet you. 

I thought wed go into the hot tub. Ill turn some music on out back and we can have some wine. Does that sound okay, Michelle?

**

It sounds lovely. Lisa and I will meet you out there. 

Okay, Ill be there in a minute. 

Come on! Lets go out back, Lisa said to Michelle. 

Michelle followed me outside and when we got outside, Michelle helped me take off my robe. She knew that I was naked underneath. Her eyes were looking me up and down. She just stared at my bald pussy and just smiled at me. 

Youre a very sexy girl. You have amazing breasts. Do you mind if I give you a kiss and feel those amazing boobs? 

That would be fine with me. 

Michelle approached me and she kissed me passionately. She shoved her tongue down my throat and started to rub at my big and beautiful breasts. She seemed really horny and was really into me. 

Fuck! Youre absolutely gorgeous. I hear youre new to enjoying women? 

Yes! Lisa was my first woman that I ever slept with. But, she wont be my last. 

Thats good, because I could really make you very happy. 

Michelle would you like to lick my pussy? Im so wet and I think youd love my sweet and tangy taste. We could go over there on the chaise lounge. 

Id really enjoy that. 

I took Michelles hands and brought her over to the chaise lounge. I helped her out of her sundress and I got comfortable on the chair. I opened my long legs and Michelle just stared at my pussy at first and then she rubbed her finger over my clitoris. She made me get nice and wet, before she even took a taste of my pussy. She then pushed her tongue way up inside of my cunt and tongue fucked me hard. I was riding her tongue and loving every minute of her efforts. 

Fuck! You have the most amazing tongue. Youre really good at this. 

I had several orgasms on Michelles tongue. I was grinding up against her face and she was licking and sucking me everywhere. I think I probably found my match. She loved to lick my cunt and just kept doing it. I didnt have to beg her like the others. I had orgasm after orgasm on her face. She was so happy to drink my juices up.

**

Ladies, would you all like some wine, Kathy asked? 

Fuck! Dont have any wine. Keep licking my pussy and Ill keep coming for you. 

Im going to go into the hot tub. Would anybody else want to join me? 

Nobody said a single word. Michelle was enjoying my stepdaughter and my stepdaughter was enjoying her. I slid into the hot tub and watched Michelle lick my stepdaughters pussy. I just drank my wine and glanced over at them from time to time. I was pretty stoked that maybe my stepdaughter was now into Michelle. I was hoping once Michelle fucked her, Id be in the clear.

**

You know, Id love to fuck you now. Go into the hot tub and let me go grab my strap on. Id love to fuck that pretty cunt of yours. 

Okay! Hurry up! I just love your tongue. 

Ill be right back! Dont miss me too much."

**

My stepdaughter joined me in the hot tub and Michelle went back into the house to grab her strap-on. 

Michelle is amazing. Youre right about her loving pussy. She licks pussy so good. I think I may be in love with her. Although, I do love when you lick my pussy too. 

I love your dad, sweetie. I cannot be having sex with you, when he gets back. Michelle will love to be your girlfriend. David would love to be your boyfriend. I think youll be pleasured by the two of them. I cannot risk your father finding out about you and me." 

But, I love when you fuck me. 

Michelle will fuck you just as good as me. Give her a chance, okay! I really have to go prepare for my case tomorrow. Can I leave you girls to it and see you in the morning? 

Yes! That will be fine. Goodnight, Kathy. 

Goodnight. 

I then walked back to the house and bumped into Michelle on the way. Michelle was naked and wearing her strap-on. I knew she was really horny and wanted to get busy with my stepdaughter. Michelle is my more aggressive and very sexually charged friend. I think she was really into how pretty my stepdaughter was. I knew shed be totally into her. 

Fuck! Shes a hot piece of ass. Her pussy is divine. Thanks so much for introducing her to me. Shit! Shes a fucking knockout and Im going to ask her out. 

Im glad you like her. I have a case to work on. Ill see you soon, okay? 

Okay! Thanks so much, Kathy. I think Im in love. 

We both giggled and I went into the house and Michelle went back over to Lisa. She had walked over to Lisa who was now in the hot tub.

**

Did you miss me? 

I did miss you. Youre amazing, Michelle. 

Sit on my lap. I want to make love to you know. 

I sat on Michelles lap and eased my pussy over her hard cock. She too had a huge cock. I think it was as big as Kathys. I then rocked and moved over her hard cock. We kissed passionately and Michelle rubbed my big breasts. I was loving her strap-on cock. 

Fuck, your cock is so big! 

I want you to come on my cock. Have a huge orgasm and then Ill lick that pussy dry. 

I rocked and moved and arched my back to fuck Michelle. I screamed and had a huge orgasm on her cock. 

Lets go back to the chaise lounge and you can lick my pussy. 

Lets go inside and Ill lick your pussy until you fall asleep. 

Im not tired yet! 

I never said I was tired. I just want you to be comfortable, because Ill eat that teen cunt for many hours. You might want to go to sleep. Youll be begging me to stop! 

Fuck! Lets go into my bedroom and you can devour my pussy there. Youll never hear me asking you to stop. I absolutely love oral sex. 

I took Michelles hand and we went into the house. I was so excited to finally meet somebody who loved to lick my pussy. She never even asked me to lick her pussy. She just wanted to fuck me and eat me. This was going to be the most wonderful relationship. 

I did hope, she didnt think I was really slutty and just let her go right to licking my pussy. We really never got to know each other or anything. We just went straight to having oral sex. I did hope that shed like me as a person. But, I wasnt going to be worrying about that right now. I was just hoping shed want to be with me and lick my pussy some more. 

We got back to my room and Michelle and I went onto the bed. She held me and we kissed passionately while she squeezed my breasts together and played with my stiff nipples. The more she rubbed them the more my pussy was getting wet. Michelle then put her fingers back up inside of me. She fingered me and made me moan. I then went on my back and spread my legs. 

Michelle got comfortable between my legs and fingered my pussy hard and made me come. Then she drank my sweet juices and sucked on my pussy lips. She did it over and over again. She never asked me to lick her pussy. I wrapped my legs around her neck and pushed my pussy onto her mouth. She continued to tongue fuck me and I continued on coming. I glanced at the clock a few times and noticed that she was licking me for about two hours. I was in oral sex heaven. 

I must have had like fifty orgasms and she just continued to lick me into oblivion. Eventually, she joined me in the bed and we fell asleep in each others arms. I really did believe I finally met my match. Im very excited to see what will happen. I do wonder what David will think about my new older lover. I wondered if hed stop dating me or be intrigued and want to join us. I had no idea what would happen in the upcoming days. But, I did know that my pussy would be well loved and that pleased me more than anything.




pics---->> http://bit.ly/1D1q3qp
