Tag!
by josh

Sixteen year old Mila was sitting around half asleep in the food court of a trampoline park. She was appointed to be the chaperone of her twelve year old sister Tina and her friends for her birthday party and did not want to be there. Mila sat back in her chair, feet on the table in front of her. Her phone screen lit up her brown hair. She was wearing a black crop top that showed off her flat stomach and some baggy gray sweatpants.

Suddenly Tina approached Mila.
“Mila!”
“What?” Mila asked, annoyed at the interruption.
“Come play tag with us!”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because I don’t want to.”
“Well, if you don’t I’m gonna tell mom that you weren’t watching us!”
Shit, she’s got me there, Mila thought.
“Ok, fine.”

Mila got up out of her chair and jogged over to where Tina was leading her. It was a large area of the park with a bunch of trampolines on the floors and the walls.
“So right now, Will is it” she said like I was supposed to know the names of all 8 friends she brought. I just nodded and started jumping around.

Mila randomly got hit in the back. Some boy, Will she guessed, yelled “Tag, you’re it!” Just then, Mila came up with a great idea. She immediately chased after Tina. Being older and taller she caught up quickly.
“Tag, you’re it!” she yelled to Tina with a big smack.
“Ow!” Tina yelled. Mila just ran away.

The next time Mila got tagged she repeated the same process, tagging Tina with a big smack. Who else am I even supposed to tag, it’s not like I can tell who Tina’s friends are in the sea of kids here, Mila thought. After a few times Mila wasn’t even trying to avoid getting tagged because it was so fun watching Tina get upset.
“Stop targeting me!” Tina yelled as she ran up to Mila.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Tina let out an angry grunt and ran back to her friends. Mila just bounced around.

Behind Milas back, Tina was huddled up with her friends, setting up a plan. Mila continued to bounce up and down cluelessly as Tina approached with her friends from behind.

WHOOSH. That was the sound that was made after Tina dug her hands into Milas pants and panties. She barely even had to pull down. The gray sweatpants simply flew off as Mila jumped into the air.
“What the fuck?” Mila screamed as she turned around. She stopped bouncing as she looked at Tina pulling Milas panties out of her now removed pants.
“Really, My Little Pony undies? I don’t even wear these and I’m twelve!” Tina yelled with a giggle. Tina tossed the pants to one of the boys in her group and spun the panties around on her finger.
“They were the only ones I had.” Mila tried to cover her pussy with her crop top but it was too short. She instead used both hands to cover her front leaving her ass uncovered to anyone walking by.
“Mhm, sure.”
“Tina, give those back.”
“Or what?”
“I think we should take her shirt to see if her boobies match her vagina, white like a ghost!” Tina's whole friend group laughed.
“Tina, no!”
“Get her top!” Tina screamed with a giggle.

Mila was taller but she knew there was no way she was going to be able to fend off almost ten 6th graders. Mila began to sprint around the park.
“Mila!” Tina yelled from behind, “You might want to cover your ghost white booty!”
Tina laughed furiously as she continued to chase Mila. Mila took her advice and moved one hand to cover her ass crack. The other cupped around her pussy.

Mila finally found her escape, the bathroom. She sprinted inside the girls room and locked herself in the furthest stall. Mila didn’t think to try to stand on the stall so Tina and her friends easily identified the one stall she was in.
“You can’t hide Mila!” Tina yelled as she and her friends shook the stall door. Mila hoped the door wouldn’t break.

Mila severely underestimated how disgusting twelve year olds are. The group, starting with Tina, quickly slid under the stall door and surrounded Mila. The kids all pinned various parts of Tina's body to the wall.

“Let's see if your boobies do match your booty!” Tina yelled as she grabbed onto Milas black crop top.
“Please stop Tina.” Tina just giggled and lifted the shirt over Milas head.
“Wow Mila, I think you have smaller boobs than me! And they do match!” Tina yelled. All of Tina's friends laughed.
“Hop up and down for us Mila.”
“No.”
“I’ll give you your clothes back!” Mila jumped up and down a little.
“Yikes, your boobs barely even jiggle. Brandon, can you make sure they can’t?”

Without a word one of Milas guy friends gripped his hand on her small underboob and lifted them up and down. Ew, a twelve year old boy is the first boy to touch my tits, Mila thought.
“They really are that small huh.” Tina said with a giggle. “Let’s go!” she yelled as they unlocked the door and ran out.
Mila was left hopeless and naked in the bathroom. She looked around for anything that could help and realized she only had one option. Mila began to wrap toilet paper around her admittedly flat boobs. The toilet paper was so thin it took her multiple layers to make sure her nipples didn’t show. She then wrapped a little over her stomach as she moved to her vagina and butt. She wrapped them up at all angles.

Mila checked herself out in the mirror admiring her good job. All of her parts were covered and it almost looked like she was wearing a white (toilet paper) bikini.

Happy with her work, Mila sprinted out of the bathroom to find Tina. She saw Tina and her friends preparing to exit out the front door. Mila could not be seen in this state outside and so she rushed to catch up. Mila got closer and closer and the toilet paper began to unravel. Mila was so close she couldn’t care. Tina and her friends left the building. Mila threw the front doors open. The toilet paper caught in the door and the rest of her “outfit” flew off as Mila reached her sister.

Right at their moms car. Mila jumps in the back seat of the car.
“Tina, where are my clothes!”
“What do you mean? You randomly ran and started streaking around the park, you freak!”
“Mom, that’s not true, she stole my clothes!”
“Really, a twelve year old took your clothes. Nice story,” their mom replied sarcastically.

Mila was forced to sit the whole ride home naked, plotting her revenge against Tina.


