Oedipus weds his mom Jokasta (inc)

From The Bible to the popular songs

There's one theme that we find all along

With all the things we hail as good

The most sublime is motherhood


There once was a man named Oedipus Rex

You may have heard about his odd complex

His name appears in Freud's index

Cause he loved his mother's sex

  ------ Oedipus Rex by Tom Lehrer



Long ago there once was a young man named Oedipus Rex. He was the prince of Corinth and expected to become a King soon. His only problem was his horniness as he lived in the state of constant erection. His only relief was masturbation. 

One night, he climbed into his bed and performed his nightly ritual of masturbating. Instead of dreaming about the pussy of a virgin girl he thought about fucking the ass of a mature woman. He didn't know why he often had fantasies about mature women rather than young nubile girls. After he'd shot his wad all over his bed, he made his ritual prayer to the gods.

 "Cupid, Aphrodite, God and Goddess of love and sex, please bless me with a perfect bride." He prayed as he prayed every night. But tonight was different.

After Oedipus fell asleep, he found himself in a beautiful garden where he heard the unmistakable sounds of fucking. The sounds came from a clearing, where he found a couple. He hid behind a tree as he watched, unable to turn away. He found a beautiful woman down on all fours with a teenage boy's long cock pumping in and out of her cunt, faster and faster.

"Oh, yes, baby. Give it to me!" cried the woman's voice. "Give me your seed! Plant it deep inside me-Oh!" The woman's breathe quickened as she neared her climax.

"I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum inside you and make a baby in you, my darling mother-wife!" 

"OH! OH YES! GIVE IT TO ME!" the mother cried. "FUCK ME! FUCK YOUR MOTHER FULL OF INCESTUOUS SPERM! MAKE HER PREGNANT! OHHH...AAAAHHHHHHH!" The woman screamed as she hit an intense climax, her juices spurting out around her son's fuck-pole. 

The young man joined her and groaned as his cock shot thick spurts of his baby-making cream into the woman's womb. They continued cumming for over a minute before the young man's cock finally softened. He pulled it out, semi-hard, watching the juices drip from the woman's cunt.

After the woman had caught her breath, she called out, "We hope you enjoyed the show, Oedipus." 

Startled, Oedipus stepped out from the tree, embarrassed about his own hard-on. "Who are you?"

"I am Aphrodite, goddess of love and beauty. And this young stud is my son, Cupid."

Oedipus was surprised. "I never knew that you two were..."

"Were lovers?" said Aphrodite. "Did you think that the God and Goddess of Love would be content with a mere mother-son relationship? All the Gods are incestuous. Olympus is a big family orgy!"

"It is?"

"You were never taught that? Oh, yes. You're from Corinth," Aphrodite said sadly. "Such a shame." saying she disappeared. Oedipus awoke with another raging hard-on.


<><><>

Jokasta was in her early 30's but did not look a day over 20.  She was queen of Thebes and wife of King Laius. She was a beautiful woman who had about her an aura of health and wholesomeness. She had that glow of full womanhood one can only get with maturity. That glow made her even more beautiful. Realizing this she felt even more powerful. Thick black hair ran in curls down her shoulders, framing a beautiful face with brown eyes. Her hips were curved so beautifully that any time a male servant followed her; he would soon have to rush off to his quarters or to a privy to relieve his hard-on.

Jokasta began her life as the daughter of Menoeceus of Thebes, and the sister of Hipponome and Creon. She was married to Laius at a very young age. Young Laius was of the line of Cadmus and was in Thebes when Amphion and Zethus usurped the throne of Thebes. After some adventures in the Peloponnesus he became king of Thebes when Amphion and Zethus died. The marriage of Jokasta to Laius seemed advantageous because both Jokasta and Laius were of the line of Cadmus. The only problem was that despite being young Jokasta was not able to become pregnant and carry on the line. So Laius consulted an oracle. The oracle proclaimed that the child Laius fathered would murder him and marry Jokasta. 

Knowing that, Laius stopped his normal sex with her. He started to shove his hard dick up inside the ass of Jokasta as far as he could?  Jokasta never had her ass played with before so first time it happened she wailed, "Oh, fuck that hurts like hell!"  

She jerked forward, trying to free her sore ass from his cock. Laius frowned and slapped her hard across her ass cheeks. "Uugggh! Shit. You're killing me!" she wailed, squeezing a few tears from her eyes.

She began to sob quietly, and Laius looked down at her with contempt. He fucked into her ass again, sighing with pleasure. Then he began a rhythmic penetrating motion. What kind of activity was that? Jokasta was mindless with pain and grief. From then onward it was anal sex or no sex. She could not accept that to go on forever so she conspired to get Laius drunk and slept with him. 

Once she succeeded in placing his cock over the entrance of her twat, he got the entire length of his cock in, in one stroke. He reached and held her nipples stretched and started to fuck her. Unflexing his ass, he would swing forward and bang against her cervix, flexing his ass involuntarily and then back. 

"Fuck me, oooh ggooddd, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she screamed. 

He held her hair and yanked it as he slammed into her. "Take it whore you bitch." 

He fucked for some 25 minutes but there was no sign of an orgasm. Jokasta was worried. He pulled out and turned around and sat down on her stomach, laying the sweaty flesh of his asscheeks on her stomach. 

She breathed out to accommodate the weight of his body as the flesh sacks of his asscheeks cushioned down on her stomach. What was she going to do now she wondered? She got her answer soon enough, when Laius started to slap her breasts with his hard erection. 

He grabbed her breasts and folded them around turgid length, moving his cock back and forth. His cock was banging against her chin her breasts masturbated his cock slowly. He was cursing again intermittently, and every time he moved forward, the skin of his penis peeled, revealing the purple cockhead. He was moaning and pushing himself in a desperate frenzy. His teeth gritted in anger or pain, Jokasta could not tell, his eyes closed and face covered in impatience. 

She ran a finger along the length of his ass crack slowly, hoping it would sex him more and quickly realized success as he started to grunt deeply, increasing the speed of the tit fucking. Her attentions were making the little strands of hair in his crack stand up in attention. Gently and softly, she traced sexy lines on his crack. "Yes bitch, that's the way, keep it going bitch, you are real slut," he screamed fucking her tits with ardor. 

Then when he least expected it, she shoved her finger into his ass and sent the whole length in, in one thrust. He grunted deeply, felt another wave of orgasmic pleasure. He quickly removed him self and moved between her legs, He wanted to cum in her. 

Holding her by the hemispheres of her ass, he thrust into her again, gliding in easily in one stroke. He started fuck in long hard strokes, probing her cunt in all directions. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck...." He thrust deeper and deeper, till he was banging in against her cervix. She reached back to the knead the mounds of his asscheeks as he thrust into her, pulling him toward her and impaling herself by lifting her ass up to meet with his thrusts. Her ass was totally flexed now as she increased the pressure on his cock, choking its length, in an attempt to squeeze his cream out. 

Realizing that he loved anal stimulation, she then inserted her finger back into his anus, this time three, and every time he moved back to thrust into her, he fucked him upon her fingers. She probed him hard and deep and started to shout, "fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me... aaarghhh, aaaaah, yes, yes, yes, yes!" as the flames of her orgasm hit her. 

Soon he was grunting deeply and shooting his cum into her. His seed exploded like a silent bomb from his cannon and sprayed his creamy sperm into her womb. It seemed flood her insides completely. Laius collapsed upon her. She hugged him tight and kissed him all over his face. They just lay there with his body covering her and her hands kneading his asscheeks.

Next day the King realized his mistake but it was too late. 

Soon Jokasta became pregnant and this made Laius very angry. When a son was born instead of honoring Jokasta he snatched up the child, pierced his feet and exposed him. 
That was not unusual in Greek culture.  Newborn babies were presented to their father when they were nine days old so that he could accept the infant into his life or reject it.  Unwanted children were left to die of exposure or were abandoned in a specific location where they might be adopted and reared as a slave. Oedipus was given to a shepherd who is instructed to abandon the child on the slopes of Mount Cithaeron. Laius act distressed Jokasta greatly but she was helpless.

Instead of killing him, however, the shepherd took pity on the child and gave it to another shepherd from Corinth, who then brought it to the childless Polybus and Merope, king and queen of Corinth. They brought the boy up as their own son. They name him Oedipus, which means "swollen foot."

From that day onward the king Laius stopped any type of sex with his Queen. He started preferring boys over girls. As far as Jokasta was concerned she resorted to masturbation to relieve her sexual frustration. But as further days passed, this too did not help relieve her horniness.

She became very edgy and irritable. One of her maid servants noticed this and being a woman she knew that Jokasta was in need of sex. One day in the morning the maid came into her room and asked her if she needed a body massage before having her bath. Jokasta agreed to give it a try. The maid, who was named Vavavoom asked her to lie face down on the bed and she would heat some oil and get the towels. On returning, Vavavoom saw the Queen lying face down with her nightgown on. She told her to remove it as the oil would spoil it, and she would too. Jokasta changed into a bra and knickers only. Jokasta had indulged in fantasies about the maid Vavavoom while masturbating at times and she felt excited at the thought of being massaged by her. On returning to the bedroom, she found that Vavavoom too had stripped down to her bra and panty. She saw Vavavoom had pretty lace bras and knickers on. In her mind she thought that these were definitely stolen from somewhere. 

Vavavoom was a small breasted, dark-skinned petite girl. Vavavoom too eyed Jokasta in her undergarments, especially her heavy breasts that threatened to spill out of her bra. On seeing Vavavoom stare at her, Jokasta blushed and lay down on her stomach in bed.

Vavavoom began on applying oil to Jokasta's shoulders and massaging them. She complimented Jokasta on her flawless fair skin. She then unstrapped Jokasta's bra from behind and started working on her back. Jokasta felt real good at this woman's touch and both of them chatted on, with Vavavoom saying that she had never seen such a lovely skin and figure. With both of them feeling horny the talk soon turned towards sex. Vavavoom ventured with saying that the new Guard given to the queen is a scoundrel. By now Vavavoom was working on Jokasta's thighs and could sense Queen getting horny, by her sighs and little moans as her thumbs brushed her cuntlips while stroking her inner thighs. Vavavoom could see that Jokasta's knickers were getting soaked. 

"Scoundrel, what do you mean by that" asked Jokasta. 

Vavavoom asked her to turn around, which Jokasta readily did not realizing that her bra was off. Vavavoom saw Jokasta's heavy breasts with her nipples swollen now. She answered in a husky voice as she too was getting turned on. "THAT FELLOW IS VERY THIN TO LOOK AT BUT HAS A MONSTER PHALLUS" 

"HAVE YOU FUCKED HIM?" 

Vavavoom had engrossed Jokasta in her talk and was now freely applying oils and massaging her breasts and nipples. Jokasta was truly turned on by now and was more vocal in her sighing and moaning. Vavavoom continued, "Your highness all I can say is that HIS PENIS IS THICK AND LONG" On hearing this Jokasta  immediately remembered that young guard. She let out a moan and said "TELL ME EXACTLY HOW LONG AND THICK HIS THING IS?" Vavavoom now clasped Jokasta's knickers and started pulling them off. Jokasta raised her buttocks so as to help Vavavoom in taking them off. 

"JUST AS LONG AND THICK AS MY HAND YOUR HIGHNESS"

"DON'T TELL ME...."

Vavavoom saw that Jokasta's cunt-lips were engorged. She saw the lust in Jokasta's eyes and could not control herself. She got down tasting Jokasta's juices. On feeling Vavavoom's lips and tongue fingering her cunt Jokasta could no longer hold back she let out a wail as she came to a shuddering orgasm. Now Vavavoom quickly removed her own knickers and came over Jokasta, grinding her cunt on Jokasta's mouth. Jokasta started sucking her cunt juices and flicking her clitoris with the rapid movements of her tongue. Meanwhile Vavavoom had pushed her tongue deep into Jokasta's cunt and was tongue fucking her. Both the women soon came to another climax.

Their next meeting was even more memorable. Knowing the Queen would need something sizable in her cunt, Vavavoom came with a short but thick phallus made of polished marble. As Vavavoom laidthe Queen gently on the bed, she let her eyes roam over the Queen's body. Then she straddled her waist and lifted the woman's arms over her head. 

"Hold onto the headboard," Vavavoom directed, "You are not to let go until I say."

The Queen did what she was asked to do. The slave licked, sucked and bit a path from neck to breast. She hovered over Jokasta's left nipple, simply blowing warm air on it.

"Spread your legs queen," She reached over and ran a finger between the Queen's nether lips. "AH soooo wet," she commented, then licking her fingers clean. "You taste good Queeny."

Vavavoom attached the phallus and strapped the device to her. She then climbed up and knelt between the Queen's legs. She rubbed the phallus through her wetness. `Spread open like a flower,' Vavavoom thought and smiled. Jokasta's clit was swollen and hard. Vavavoom thought she could probably see it pulsing if she looked close enough. 

"You're so ready, aren't you?"

The Queen moaned loudly.

"Do you want it in you?"

"Yes dear."

"Then beg for it."

"Please," Jokasta moaned, "Please fuck me. Please come inside me. Please...."

Vavavoom held the phallus poised at the Queen's slick entrance for just a moment, looking deeply into pleading brown eyes. Smirking wickedly, she leaned forward and slid in completely, her wiry hair brushing against the Jokasta's ass. Vavavoom rested her upper body on Jokasta's shins. The effect was maddening. Each time Vavavoom thrust into the Queen, her clasped hands moved and the twine was pulled tighter around her tortured nipples. Jokasta moaned and thrashed under the slave. After just a few thrusts, Jokasta was on the edge.

Vavavoom kept thrusting at a pace she knew would push Jokasta to the brink. A few more thrusts and the Queen moaned and began to cry again.

"Please ...." She begged. "Please I can't hold it."

"You can and you will," Vavavoom told her.

Vavavoom looked down at the Vavavoom's contorted face as she continued to thrust into her at a furious pace. The leather harness rubbed the Queen's clit mercilessly. 

"Oh Gods PLEASE!" Jokasta screamed.

"Ok come for me." Vavavoom conceded and continued to slam into the thrashing woman.

"VaVa-vava-vavavoooooooommmm!" Jokasta screamed out her climax.


The affair went on for years then Jokasta found other lesbian lovers besides Vavavoom. One day the she was talking to one of her lesbian lovers when her lover asked, 

"Have you heard of the monster called Sphinx, sent by the goddess Athena to punish us Thebans for our impious behavior?" 

"And what is the Sphinx?" asked Jokasta.

"The Sphinx is a beast with the body of a lion, the wings of an eagle, and the head of a woman. She is a daughter of the Titans and, with the protection of Athena, she cannot be killed."

"How may this monster be destroyed?"

"The Sphinx has now begun to stop all men passing by and asking each of them three riddles. If any man answers them all correctly then she will be summoned back to Hades, but if he answers wrongly then she eats him. 

"What it has to do with me dear?"

"Oh it means you haven't heard what the Oracle is saying."

"By the way what he is saying" 

"He says that soon a young man will approach the borders of the state. His is known as Oedipus. He will kill king Laius, your husband, and answer the three riddles. He will then be greeted as the saviour of the state and will marry you, the queen."

"Oh, well, I was getting tired of the king anyhow. He is fat and impotent; no fun in bed any longer." 


<><><>


What was happening to Oedipus in Corinth was very disturbing for him. At a party thrown by King Polybus, a drunken guest called him a bastard. He dealt him with a couple of blows but later asked his parents about it. They denied the accusation but he became suspicious. Seeking to confirm his parentage, Oedipus sought out the Oracle at Delphi. Instead of telling him his parentage, the Oracle related the same prophecy as was told to his father: that he would kill his father and marry his mother (though not specifying in which order).The Queen Merope who brought him up was almost sixty and Oedipus had no sexual feeling for her. Thinking about marrying her filled him with disgust. Oedipus decided that the drunkard at the party was lying, and decided not to return home in order to avoid Merope and Polybus. He decided to flee from Corinth towards the Thebes.
	
As Oedipus traveled he comes to the place where three roads meet, Daulia. Here he encounters a chariot, driven by King Laius. The king did not use the Sacred Band for his escort; it would have been better for him if he had been escorted by members of the Sacred Band. "Out of my way, varlet," cried the leader of the escort to Oedipus.

Oedipus looked at him, and without saying a word drew his sword and struck off his head. The remainder of the escort scattered, instead of staying to guard the king. Oedipus reached into the coach, grabbed the king and dragged him out, not meaning to kill him, but just to scare him. The king however was a coward and fainted away, falling on the rocks and breaking his neck. Oedipus had no idea who it was who had died at his feet, "Arrogant boor," he said to himself and walked on. 

This happened just when the news about the king's death was spread. The brother of Queen Jokasta, Creon, became head of the government. His son has fell prey to the Sphinx so, having no heir apparent for the throne Creon declared that the person who could free the city from the monster would be the next king and might marry his sister Jokasta. As that declaration was proclaimed, Oedipus arrived at Thebes.

Meanwhile Oedipus moved further and came to the rock where the Sphinx had her lair. She stopped him, as she did all passersby. Her first two riddles were easy enough, but her third, which has since become famous, was, "What has four legs in the morning, two at noon and three in the evening?"

Oedipus thought for a moment and answered, "A man, who crawls on all fours in the morning of his life, walks on two legs in the noonday, and uses a cane as a third leg to walk in the evening of his life." The Sphinx gave a loud scream and disappeared leaving a smell of brimstone behind.


Oedipus came to the city

Where a Sphinx challenged him with a ditty.

By puzzling a little,

He solved the beast's riddle

And proved himself lethally witty. 

--- Dan Curley

	
Oedipus walked on to Thebes, and a parade of the peasantry gradually formed around him as the news of his success preceded him. He was now a man of 19 standing 6 ft in height. His formerly slim body had developed into a powerful, muscular frame which screamed "king" on practically every part.

He was escorted into Thebes in triumph and led to the palace where Queen Jokasta was waiting. Her long skirt was slit up the sides to show off her shapely legs. It was also tight enough to emphasize her rounded ass. Her top was cut so low it barely hid her milky white tits. Her dress gave her entire frame a regal appearance that was reinforced by her grace and composure.

As he stood by the Royal Gate

People were screaming love and hate

He heard them scream

Long live the Queen


"Who are you, young man, you who have destroyed the Sphinx?" asked Queen Jokasta.

"I am Oedipus, the son of the King and Queen of Corinth," he answered proudly. "I left home because it was prophesied that I would kill my father, the king."

"Did you meet anyone on your way here, before you met the Sphinx?" 

"I met a carriage escorted by six soldiers, just inside the borders of the territory of Thebes," said Oedipus. "The leader of this party ordered me off the road and called me a varlet."

"And what did you do about that?"

Oedipus began to fear that he may have put his foot in it at that point, but he answered honestly, "I tried to cut off his head with my sword, just as he was about to strike me with. The rest of the escort ran away, the cowards."

"And then?"

"I hauled the occupant of the coach out of his carriage, but he was as much of a coward as the rest of them and fainted dead away. He struck his head on a rock and died."

"He was Laius, King of Thebes," She said,

Oedipus turned pale, thinking that he would be executed, but Jokasta went on: "Don't be afraid, I was tired of him, anyway. He was no use in bed, and if you had not killed him I would have been obliged to put him to death." She looked at him appraisingly, thinking him a robust and virile young man, a cocksman if ever she had seen one, and said, "You must take his place and marry me." For that was the custom of Thebes: if anyone killed the King he had to marry the widow and take his place.

"I am not ready yet for anything called marriage yet your highness."

"Tell me, have you ever made love with a girl before?" she cooed.

"Your majesty please.... such talk is unbecoming of a queen..."

"A queen may speak the way she pleases" she stated calmly but defiantly "I am just curious."

The whole time she spoke, the queen wore a serpent like smile on her face, a smile which came from the fact that she knew she was making the prince uncomfortable.

"I...I...I'm not sure what you're trying to get at your highness..." Oedipus stammered, "Corinthian young men and women are expected to stay chaste until marriage and marriage itself is sacred throughout all Atlantis!"

The queen stepped closer to the young Oedipus, to the point of making bodily contact. She then proceeded to press her warm breasts against his shoulders.

"This isn't a good idea..." he stammered.

"Your body seems to have a different opinion." the queen challenged, pointing to the growing mound between the hapless his legs. His gray eyes widened, and his tussled brown hair nearly grizzled.

"I'm 19 your highness!!! My body would do this with any woman!"

"If we can get married I could show you other things it could do..." the queen stated invitingly.

Oedipus did not answer for a moment, looking at Queen Jokasta, who in his eyes was a woman old enough to be his mother. But she still looked lusty, even wanton, as if she enjoyed good sex. And anyway what choice did he have? "Let it be so," he said.


<><><>


In a theocratic society where everything belonged to the King the Royal marriage is celebrated with a great deal of pompous attention and festivities.  On the day of wedding the servant girls stripped Oedipus naked and cleaned him. He was washed in fine scented oils, and prepared for the ceremony.

Incidentally, when the servant girls came out of the bedchamber and looked at their queen, they began to giggle.

"And what do you find so amusing?" the queen inquired.

"Your young husband he is.... quite gifted."

The queen's face turned red hot with anger "I told you not to touch him!!!"

Just when Jokasta was in final stages of becoming a bride a thought struck her. It was the prophecy told to her some 20 years ago that the child Laius would father would murder him and marry her. What she heard from Oedipus so far looked very much a part of that prophecy apart from one thing that Oedipus claimed to be the son of the king of Corinth? The idea that he might be her son and not that of the king of Corinth filled her with worry but it was too late to cancel the marriage due to a small suspicion. 

In a big ceremony the Queen of Thebes was united in matrimony with the prince of Corinth. Although much older than the king, the lovely golden hair queen looked a beauty of high kind. Holding the hand of his bride the prince proclaimed in front of a priest, "I Prince Oedipus, son of King Polybus, take thee Jokasta, to be my wife, and my queen, to share the good times and hard times side by side. I humbly give you my hand and my heart as I pledge my faith and love to you. Just as this ring I give you today is a circle without end, my love for you is eternal. Just as it is made of incorruptible substance, my commitment to you will never fail. With this ring, I thee wed."


After the public ceremony was over, the couple walked into their bedchamber. If the bride was desperate for cock then the groom was eager to stuff her cunt with his jizz spraying rod. Jokasta stepped close to her young husband where she could smell that musky odor that was making her wet.

He came up behind her and put his hands on her hips.  She shivered with anticipation as he raised his hands to cup her breasts. She turned around and fell at his feet. But she knew that at this point all she wanted was great sex with this young man, her lover and husband. 

 He divested her of her dress and then removed his too.  He looked at her magnificent figure, a golden colored nest of hair, and rosy pink nipples complemented by naturally creamy skin.

He started kissing her mouth and she was tried to suck on his tongue.  He bit her over her neck and waist, leaving tell tale love-marks. He sucked at the flesh at her waist.  She was delirous.  He carried her to the nuptial bed full of flowers and laid her out.  Her eyes were cloudy. He started kissing her over her body. She was looking at his crotch to see his erection.  She reached for it smoothly as he cupped her bubbies.  She breathed in sharply as he started to suck her left nipple loudly.  She tenderly squeezed his balls.  His balls were large and round. His cock was big and long. The balls were carrying the seed which would give her a child and the cock would inject it in her.

When she was sure that he would do anything for her, she started asked him slyly whether he liked her legs are not!  Oedipus definitely did not want to neglect her legs.  As he started to kiss her beautiful leg chain clad feet, she started gasping for breadth.
"My God!!!" gasped Oedipus as he reached for her milky thigh flesh rubbing against each other. He started by parting them a little- and started kissing the inside of the thighs with deep sucking kisses. Jokasta was going mad now with the blood pounding in her head!!  When she was sure she was kissed enough, she drew up her knees with a flourish, and fanned her legs open, exposing her dripping vulva to his gaze.  She hoped that he would fall for it.  

Oedipus stared at her dripping, shaved cunt -- Even a prostitute would not have such a thing of beauty for a private part!  Jokasta squirmed running her hands over her nipples and lifted her hips of the bed, raising her dripping cunt and ass - very lewdly suggestive of what she wanted - to his face.  Her eyes were looking hungrily at his face, gesturing now like a real prostitute -- wasn't she his prostitute for life?  Her labia were now large and open like a flower in full bloom and her clit was upright and sneaked out of the folds in the open!  "Well?" she seemed to be saying with her eyes - she had a right to make him eat her pussy!! 

"See that lovely nub nestled between my lips? Lick it! I am asking this favor as a lady young prince" the queen said breathing heavily "so please, as a favor to me, lick it."

Ever being a gentleman honor bound him not to refuse, as it was not the same as sexual intercourse after all.

He pressed his tongue on her lovely clit and licked furiously. The queen moaned loudly and pressed her pussy hard against his mouth nearly asphyxiating. Nevertheless, he licked for long moments, her legs quivered and she came all over his face. She dismounted, looked at the mess she made on his face and laughed.

"I'm sorry about that. Let me go get a rag to clean it up."

With that the queen walked to her bed where she reached for a towel. The slapping sound of naked feet could be heard as she walked over, and the prince got a good view of her magnificent ass. The view made his already hard cock nearly burst, as precum now began to drip out of it.

She could feel the beginnings of her first bridal orgasm!!!  "Lick!!!" she screamed.  "Faster - And don't stop licking clit until you are told!!!" she hissed as she started to constrict her bladed for that supreme moment.  His head bobbed in rhythm to her pelvic thrusts into his mouth as she constricted her bladder -- She shot her cum soaked pee into his throat with a guttural wail as her body was wracked with her orgasm -- Her hot urine and cum shot into the groom's virgin mouth in uncontrolled spurts!!!

 After cleaning the mess the overly excited groom rose and positioned his stiff erection at her wet cunt.  With one thrust and sharp stab of pain, she became his. 

Oedipus gasped very loudly the way all young men do the first time their cock is buried inside a pussy.

He couldn't believe what was happening. She was so wet, tight, soft and hot, the feeling was unreal. The queen was in sheer ecstasy for the prince's cock was hard and exactly what her pussy was hungering for. She squeezed him tightly in a vice-like grip, while slowly lowering her breasts to the point where they touched his chest.

His eyes were rolled back and he was breathing heavily as his mind was still trying to cope with never-before felt sensations.

"You are so cute young prince, so handsome" the queen stated in a delirious, heavily breathing, voice.

Wet sloppy sounds echoed in the large bedchamber as the queen satisfied her desire for young cock. She drove him passionately matching each of his thrusts with her own.  The slap slap sound of fucking filled the room.  The groom was sucking the breasts of the bride. The fucking was fast and quick, as she received his first son into her womb, as he grunted her name as he shot his life giving sperm into her virgin womb, right thru her cervix. Jet after hot jet of cum pelted her cervix. 

His cock was so massive; the urethra was practically touching her cervix, making the spraying of the jets all the more intense. The prince's eyes were rolled back as he shot load after load of hot seeds, pelting the queen's cervix with unnatural fury. The queen now had even more intense orgasms and mercilessly milked his cock. Oedipus came for several minutes, and soon the white fluid began to drip out of the queen's pussy.

The queen burned from a final, ultra intense orgasm and gave the prince's cock one final squeeze, he shot a final, large wad of hot seed.

She began sobbing softly. "I've never really loved anyone like that." She said crying"

She looked down at him, ever so longingly, and began kissing his lips, this time the prince responded vigorously.

The queen sobbed softly and quietly, as tears of ecstatic joy rand down her cheeks. She firmly wrapped her arms and legs around him, gently stroking his body, enjoying his slim tightness. 

Her hard panting breaths were sizzling his face. The voluptuous play went on for some time, till the queen's energetic buttocks became a blur. The chamber resounded with her hisses, moans and the wet sound of fucking. Her jeweled fingers and nails were kneading and scraping his body wherever she could.  He thrust and thrust, wet sliding sound becoming faster and more audible, and  after 8 hours of sliding in and out of her, he buried  his cock to the balls and began shooting another  massive load of hot cum on her cervix as her hot, wet,  tight pussy milked him. 

His cock pelted and pelted her cervix, the hot fluid and milking from a warm pussy giving the prince a burning orgasm. The queen was equally delirious as she felt the hot fluid filling her up, and she burned ever more hotly from even more powerful orgasms than the one they had before. The prince collapsed on top of the lovely blonde, still buried inside her, and then, after catching his breath, began kissing her tenderly on the mouth.

"I feel a tingling feeling deep within my belly," the queen stated. "I can feel your seed sweet prince.... you have given me a child."

The prince pulled out of her.

The discussion of Oedipus and phalluses.

In the end only causes paralysis.

Psychoanalyzed bliss

Is not worth a piss;

But of course, that's just my urinalysis. 

--- Steve Holst 


<><><>


By the time Jokasta was 9 months along with her baby, she felt very horny like most pregnant women. As her tits doubled in size she stopped wearing a bra. Seeing her pregnant Oedipus remarked, 

"You look more beautiful then ever."

"I bet you are really proud aren't you? Seeing your my belly growing knowing that you're the reason for it all." 

"Oh darling, I want to fuck you so bad, but I'm so thirsty."

"Oh? Well I can help you with that!" She arose off the bed wearing only a blue see through gown that was opened giving him a full view of his her swollen belly, tits and pussy.

"Come here sweetheart and drink up!"

Oedipus closed his mouth around his mothers now hugely swollen breasts and began to suckle her warm milk, all the while feeling his mothers expansive belly, a belly full of the baby he had given her.

Oedipus continued to suck the sweet warm milk from his mother, loving every drop of the sweet motherly nectar. He could hear moaning coming from his mother, and it was at this time he noticed that she had slipped a finger through her panties and was finger fucking herself.

"Oooh, please baby, suck mommies other tit! Please baby, ohh!"

Oedipus moved to her other engorged breast and began sucking the life out of it too. Subconsciously, Oedipus began rubbing his mother's ass with one hand, and began rubbing his dick through his dress with the other.

"Oh god, this feels so good! I need you baby, I need you inside my pregnant pussy!"

Oedipus didn't say a word; he just eased her back onto the bed and removed his dress.

"Oh yes honey please! Fuck me and Make me even more pregnant! God, when I pop this one out baby I want you to give me twins! Fuck me!!"

Oedipus rammed his dick home into his mother's pregnant cunt.

"Ohh god yes, fuck me! Fuck your my pregnant pussy! Oh god I'm so big with your baby!"

"I love you, I'm gonna keep you pregnant for years to come!"

"OH GOD YES FUCK ME OEDIPUS! FUCK THE BIG PREGNANT PUSSY OF A MOMMIE!!" Jokasta screamed as she gave in to her climax.

"Ahh, I'm gonna cum whore! I'm gonna give you even more babies!"

Jokasta looked at her belly and it was swelling even more!"YES YES YES! FUCK ME SO HARD YOU MAKE ME EVEN MORE PREGNANT!! MAKE MY BELLY EVEN 
BIGGER!!"

"AHHHH!" Oedipus blew his load deep inside his pregnant mother and her belly began to grow even more! She sighed as her son left her pregnant pussy.

"Oh my god Oedie, I think you've given me more then just one baby" Danielle said as she rubbed her hands across her hugely pregnant belly.

"Oh my..."

"What is it?"

"I think my water just broke!!" She said, as her breasts erupted with milk!


A beautiful baby boy was born to the queen. Like his mother he had green eyes, and like his father he had brown hair. He was named Polynices.

"Oh! He's so adorable" the queen said the first time she held him "my sweet prince...." she said tearfully." I love you so much... thank you for this gift you've given me.... oh he so beautiful, like his father" She smiled at her baby and played with him. 

Oedipus sure loved his mother;	

He should have looked for another.

But he would rather

Attempt to father

A son who would be a brother. 

--- Tony Burrell


<><><>


The years passed. Oedipus and Jokasta had four children: two sons, Polynices and Eteocles, and two daughters, Antigone and Ismene. Then a plague of infertility strikes the city of Thebes; crops no longer grow to harvest and women do not bear children. Neighboring city states only a few miles away had enough rain, and no locusts. The priestesses at the temple were no help. They could not avert the famine nor explain how it had come about. Oedipus, in his hubris, asserts that he will end the pestilence.

He sends Creon, Jocasta's brother, to the Oracle at Delphi, seeking guidance. When Creon returns, Oedipus hears that the murderer of the former King Laius must be found and either be killed or exiled. In a search for the identity of the killer, Oedipus follows Creon's suggestion and sends for the blind prophet, Tiresias, who tells him, 

"The gods are angry with the king and queen, with Queen Jokasta and King Oedipus. That is why they have sent a plague and famine to the land."

"What can we do about it, Tiresias?"

"The queen must die, and the king must be exiled."

"Why? What have we done?"

"King Oedipus has murdered his father, King Laius, and bedded his mother, Queen Jokasta."

Oedipus was stunned and in anguish cried out, "But I am the son of the king and queen of Corinth."

"You are son of Jokasta and Laius who was given to a shepherd with the instruction to abandon you on the slopes of Mount Cithaeron. Luckily you were found by a shepherd and taken to Corinth where you were adopted by the king and queen of Corinth who had no children of their own. King Oedipus, you are son of Jokasta whom you fuck day and night"

Oedipus blames Creon for Tiresias telling Oedipus that he was the killer. Oedipus and Creon begin a heated argument. Jocasta enters and tries to calm Oedipus. She tries to comfort him by telling him about her old husband and his supposed death. Oedipus becomes unnerved as he begins to think that he might have killed Laius and so brought about the plague. Suddenly, a messenger arrives from Corinth with the news that King Polybus has died and that the people of Corinth would have Oedipus as their king. Jokasta immediately summons Oedipus.


OEDIPUS: My wife, my queen, Jokasta, why hast thou summoned me from my palace? 

JOKASTA: Hear this man, and as thou hearest judge what has become of all those awe-inspiring oracles. 

OEDIPUS: Who is this man, and what his news for me? 

JOKASTA: He comes from Corinth and his message this: Thy father Polybus hath passed away. 

OEDIPUS: What? Let me have it, stranger, from thy mouth. 

MESSENGER: If I must first make plain beyond a doubt my message, know that Polybus is dead. 

OEDIPUS: Out on it, lady! Why should one regard The Pythian hearth or birds that scream in the air? Did they not point at me as doomed to slay my father? But he's dead and in his grave And here am I who ne'er unsheathed a sword; Unless the longing for his absent son Killed him and so I slew him in a sense. But, as they stand, the oracles are dead-- Dust, ashes, nothing, dead as Polybus. 

JOKASTA: Say, did not I foretell this long ago? 

OEDIPUS: Thou didst: but I was misled by my fear. 

JOKASTA: Then let I no more weigh upon thy soul. 

OEDIPUS: Must I not fear my mother's marriage bed. 
 
JOKASTA: Why should a mortal man, the sport of chance,	With no assured foreknowledge, be afraid?Best live a careless life from hand to mouth.
This wedlock with thy mother fear not thou.How oft it chances that in dreams a manHas wed his mother! He who least regardsSuch brainsick fantasy lives most at ease.

Oedipus is relieved concerning the prophecy, for it could no longer be fulfilled if Polybus, whom he thinks is his father, is now dead. Nonetheless, he is wary while his mother lives and does not wish to go. To ease the stress of the matter, the messenger then reveals that Oedipus was, in fact, adopted. JOKASTA, finally realizing Oedipus' true identity, begs him to abandon his search for Laius' murderer. 

OEDIPUS: No, with such guiding clues I cannot fail to bring to light the secret of my birth. 

JOKASTA: Oh, as thou carest for thy life, give o'er this quest. Enough the anguish I endure. 

OEDIPUS: Be of good cheer; though I be proved the son of a bondwoman, aye, through three descents triply a slave, thy honor is unsmirched. 

JOKASTA: Yet humor me; I pray thee; do not this. 

OEDIPUS: I cannot; I must probe this matter home. 

JOKASTA: 'Tis for thy sake I advise thee for the best. 

OEDIPUS: I grow impatient of this best advice.


Oedipus misunderstands the motivation of her pleas, thinking that she was ashamed of him because he might have been the son of a slave. Oedipus seeks verification of the messenger's story from the very same herdsman who was supposed to have left Oedipus to die as a baby. From the herdsman, Oedipus learns that the infant raised as the adopted son of Polybus and Merope, was the son of Laius and Jocasta. Thus, Oedipus finally realizes in great agony that so many years ago, at the place where three roads meet, he had killed his own father, King Laius, and as consequence, married his mother, Jocasta.

Oedipus goes in search of Jocasta and finds her in the act of hanging herself. Oedipus ran and seized her.


OEDIPUS: "Suicide is not a solution Mother; it is an end before a solution can be found. It cannot be considered an option, for an option denotes we have a choice and death robs us of both, option and choice."


JOKASTA: "I want to die not in shame for being your wife, my son but in guilt that I left you to die as a baby."


OEDIPUS: "It wasn't you but your husband who wanted to kill me. I have no complaint against you. Listen Mother, Death is an irreversible act that does not end the pain, for it remains in those who are left behind. Even people who are totally alone, and take their own lives transfer their pain to those who do care!" 


JOKASTA: "What about the people?"


OEDIPUS: "To hell with them, nobody yet knows our true relation so we will leave Thebes and move to Corinth where we will be again King and Queen."


JOKASTA: "I can agree to this as long as the facts remain private"


OEDIPUS: "I assure you mother."


He tilted her chin up, bent his head and captured her lips. It was a gentle, persuasive kiss, softly taking, convincing her with every touch, ever taste.  He kissed the corners of her mouth, pressed his lips against the side of her neck. Jokasta gasped as his mouth settled softly over hers.  For several moments, she simply stood there, letting the heat flood through her, absorbing the taste of him, only dimly aware of the hard male body pressing into hers.


He pushed his hand between her thighs, rubbing her cunt a moment. Jokasta stood, twisting her hips and feeling his cock starting to stir and harden.
	
"Oedie what are you doing to me?" she whispered.

Jokasta twisted her ass, gyrating as his finger ran back into her cunt. The feel of his fingers in her cunt and one inside her asshole made her gasp with surprised pleasure.

"Oooooh, please, let me go!" she cried softly, pulling from him. 

She turned, but Oedipus grabbed her hips, lifting her robe from behind. Jokasta paused, shaking with a vague excitement as her son gazed at her rounded ass.

"It's so pretty, Mom," He whispered. "You have such a pretty ass."

"Oedie!" she gasped.

He had pressed his lips to her naked ass, kissing first one cheek, then the other. With his hands on her hips, he pulled her back, and his face moved into the hot, smooth split.

On impulse, Jokasta leaned over, shoving her ass into her son's face. Oedipus groaned, and his lips burned on the pucker of her ass hole. When he kissed her asshole, Jokasta's cunt seemed to lurch, her clit knotting painfully.

"Ohhhh, Oedie! What are you doing? Baby, you shouldn't kiss me there."

Oedipus giggled, the sound muffled because his face was in the crack of his mother's ass. He touched her asshole with the tip of his tongue, and Jokasta gasped softly. Twisting his tongue he licked at his mother's asshole for a moment or so then pulled away.

Jokasta leaned over a nearby table and said writhing her naked ass. "I need your cock, baby! Ohhhh, Oedie, fuck me, right here, right now!"

Oedipus, behind his mother, watched as she pressed her tits flat on the table, her hands on her ass, stroking it, then her fingers dipping down and pulling at the hairy lips of her juicy cunt.

"Ram it to me, Oedie!" Jokasta pleaded. "Ohhh, baby, ram your cock up mother's cunt now! Ram it quick and hard and deep!"

With a groan of eagerness, he pushed the head of his cock to his mother's offered cunt. Jokasta sucked in a hot breath of air as she felt his prick spread her pussylips.


Oedipus lay on the breast As King 

Of his mom, he was highly distressed.

He touched his cock

And let out a cry:

"I like sex, but incest is best."


In fact neither Jokasta committed any suicide nor did Oedipus stab his eyes. They asked Creon to look after their daughters, for their sons were old and mature enough to look after themselves. Both Oedipus and Jokasta left Thebes and moved to Corinth. Jokasta's brother, a member of the Sacred Band who had no children, became king of Thebes. Immediately the rains came, the drought was broken, the locusts disappeared and the crops began to grow again. Famine was averted.


And 3000 years later... Lightning raced across the sky, illuminating the night with its eerie blue light; thunder quickly followed, shaking the earth with its deep, booming sound; rain fell from the clouds, covering the streets with its chilling wetness. A truck got collided with a tree.

A witty truck driver named Tex	

Was arrested, and likely suspects,

'twas the sign on his door

that caused the uproar

It read simply "Oedipus Wrecks

/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\

\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/

