Tales From the Resort
by josh

Season 1 Episode 1: Soaring Through the Sky

Allie was your typical dumb blonde. Dressed in a pink thong bikini bottom and a black top with plenty of cleavage, Allie walked around the Atlantic Cove Resort pool closest to the beach hitting on boys. In fact, she was walking over to one tall, muscular boy to do so right now.
“Hey muscles, want to buy me a drink?” she asked while touching his six pack.
“Uh, I actually was just leaving” the boy said, walking away. Allie’s face drooped as she ordered a drink for herself.

The boy, named Kyle, walked over to his girlfriend Lauren. Lauren was another, smarter blonde, currently dressed in a pink t-shirt and a bright green bikini bottom.
“That girl over there just hit on me” Kyle said with a laugh while pointing at Allie.
“For real? Ugh, her name’s Allie, and she KNOWS you’re my boyfriend. I’ve shown her pictures of us together and everything.” Allie in fact did not remember this, fitting pretty well into her stereotype.

Lauren calls her friends over. Abby, dressed in a light gray one piece, and Isabella, dressed in a white floral patterned bikini.
“Girls, Allie just hit on Kyle. I cannot let this slide. We need a plan to teach her a lesson, once and for all.” This was a bit of an overreaction, which Lauren was known for. Abby and Isabella loved a good scheme however, so they always went along with Lauren. The three girls came up with their plan, and even got Kyle in on it.

Kyle headed back over to Allie while the girls set up things down on the beach.
“Hey pretty lady, I’ve been thinking about you ever since you said hi to me. How’d you like to win $1000? Maybe just a complementary kiss too,” he said with a wink and a chuckle.
“Well, I’d love to! What do I have to do?” Allie asked.
“It’s simple, we’re having a parasailing contest down at the beach. You show off your skills for a chance to win the money!” Allie had never gone parasailing before, but the money (and the kiss) seemed pretty enticing!
“Well, you’ll have to show me the way!”

Kyle leads Allie down to the beach where the girls have set up their plan.
“Well girls, this is our newest contestant Allie! Mind getting her hooked up for me?” Kyle asked.
“Yup! Allie you’ll need to stand right there and we’ll get you all set up.” Lauren said.
Kyle puts on Allie’s life vest that’s connected to the parasail in a very touchy way, distracting Allie as the girls get to work. Isabella sneaks a small hook attached to a rope onto the distracted Allie’s bikini bottoms while Lauren ensures it’s tied to a post in the ground. A quick safety check and Lauren gives Abby, who’s piloting the boat, the thumbs up.

“Have fun Allie!” Lauren yells as the boat speeds up. Lauren pulls out her phone and Isabella holds onto the rope as Allie begins to float into the air. Allie flies higher and higher and gets further away. The rope becomes tighter and tighter until all of the slack finally leaves. This causes the hook to pull Allie’s bikini bottoms straight off of her. The flying girl feels this and begins to panic.
“What the hell! Let me down! Hey! Let me down!” Allie screams. Lauren keeps her camera trained on Allie’s bare white ass on display for the whole beach.

Lauren and Isabella burst into laughter as the pink bottoms float down to them. Isabella quickly buries the bottoms under the sand.

The crowd on the beach quickly takes notice of the screaming bottomless girl in the air. People laugh and cheer as many cameras are pulled out. Allie is too scared to let go of the ropes connecting her to the parasail, so she’s forced to leave her ass and slit out to the view of all filming.

Abby finally stops the boat by the shore and lets Allie float down. Lauren and Isabella help her out of the harness very slowly, telling the gullible Allie she needs to keep her arms in the air so they can get it off. Allie squirms as she waits a full minute more in front of the large crowd uncovered.

When Allie is finally let go, she quickly covers her pussy with both hands for no conceivable reason. The girl sprints off into the distance, giving the whole crowd a great final extended view of her tight ass.

Lauren, Abby, and Isabella all high five and celebrate their great plan. The girls all decide to celebrate their win in different ways, separating. Abby heads for the pool in the water park, while Lauren decides to get a drink at the pool closer to the hotel. Finally, Isabella decides to be a passenger on the boat for some tubing.


Season 1 Episode 2: Karma’s Grip

Abby walked over to the water park with her head in the clouds. To be honest, while she thought it was just about revenge for the others, there was something that got her off about humiliating other girls, especially with Allie. Abby entered the main pool inside the waterpark, hoping to find a cute lifeguard that she could talk to.

Abby dove into the pool, knowing her light gray one piece would keep her protected from any potential embarrassment. Abby rested near the pool edge, arms stretched along it. She made sure to pull her suit straps back far to accentuate her breasts and curves for any boys nearby. That’s when Abby spotted a blonde girl in a dark red bikini. The girl must’ve been 12 or 13, and for some reason Abby was drawn to her. Perhaps it was the fact she seemed to be alone.

Abby, still riding the high of Allie, thought she should entertain herself, especially since the others weren’t around. Abby gently swam over to the girl, who was completely unaware of Abby’s presence. Abby reached underwater and quickly untied the girl's bottoms, plucking them off before the girl even realized. The young girl turned around.

“Hey! Give those back!”
“Well, I’m sorry but these aren’t yours anymore, twerp!” Abby taunted.
“Please give them to me,” the young girl pleaded.
“Oh, I know it must be difficult for poor little you to be all naked underwater,” Abby continued to taunt.
“Ugh, stop messing with me. This is the most embarrassing thing ever!”
“Oh really. Most embarrassing thing… ever. That sounds like a challenge!” Without even waiting for the girl's response Abby ditched the bottoms underwater and picked up the girl. Abby flaunted the girl's nudity as she held her high up in the air before tossing her onto the pool deck. The young girl screeched and sprinted off, the whole pool laughing at her dilemma.

What a dork, Abby thought. She swam back over to her original spot, arms over the pool deck. Abby laid back in the comfort of the sun.
“Hey, what’s your name?” Almost directly out of Abby’s fantasy a cute lifeguard appeared right above her. She turned around to face him.
“I’m Abby! And you are?”
“Matt.” The two continued talking, getting flirty with each other. A little ways into the conversation, Abby felt a little… pressure down below.

Abby looked down and saw the issue. Her swimsuit was stuck in the pool filter! No big deal, she thought, I’ll just pull it out, inconspicuously. Abby tried to pull subtly, but it just wasn’t working. She pulled harder and harder.

“Uh, you having any trouble there?” Matt asked.
“Oh, no. Haha!” Abby replied. She tried to jerk her full body backward to get the suit out. RRRIIIPPP! Abby flew backwards into the water. Her suit did not. Abby’s face immediately grew red. She was completely naked, right in front of everybody. And especially right in front of Matt!

Abby immediately flew into panic mode. She could feel a million eyes burning into her. Abby grabbed a hold of two boogie boards and did her best to cover herself and she climbed out of the pool. As she ran, the boogie boards did a great job covering her front, but left a lot of her backside open. Abby immediately began sprinting away, anywhere but the pool! She passed Matt on her way out, who laughed.
“Nice ass, dork!”

As Abby ran past the wave pool she was suddenly tripped! Abby dropped the boogie boards and flew into the water below her naked. As she looked up she saw the girl she stripped earlier, all covered up, laughing from above.


Season 1 Episode 3: Lauren's Degradation

Lauren walked back up to the pool they had originally found Allie at, beaming and proud of her complete and utter humiliation of the girl. Lauren arrived at the pool and headed over to the bar to buy herself a drink of celebration. That's when she felt a tap on her shoulder.

Lauren turned around to see Allie, now dressed in a black one piece.
"Ha! Didn't think you'd want to show your face around here you slut!" Lauren said with a laugh, "Guess you shouldn't have flirted with Kyle, then you wouldn't have had to show off your cute little buttcheeks to all those people on the beach."
"Well good thing you'll be showing off a lot more!" Allie said with a smile.
"Oh really? I dare you to try!" Lauren replied cockily.

Allie snapped her fingers and her two younger brother, no older than eight, appeared.
"What do you say we go for a swim Lauren?" Allies brothers grabbed onto Lauren and overpowered the skinny girl, dumping her into the pool. Lauren was now stuck in the pool (her body covered to about her breasts).
"Why don't we make everything equal to start?" Allie says. Lauren tried to squirm and kick but she can't move.
"I'll just start by untying your pesky little bottoms here."
Her choice of a light green string bikini makes it very easy for Allie to pull it untied.

"Now let's get this pretty pink t-shirt off." Allies says, pulling the shirt up and off Lauren as Lauren tries to hold onto it. Allie's brothers continue to lock her in place by her stomach and upper arms.
"Ooh, no bikini top! Wanted to let your little embarrassing excuse for tits stay hidden?"
"They look like little mosquito bites!" One of Allies brothers said.
"They look like two little ghosts, you really should tan more!" Allie added, "Alright boys good job. You can hop out now."
Allies brothers left the pool and Allie hopped onto the pool deck, holding onto Lauren's swimsuit.

"Alright Lauren, I could just leave you here. A little slutty, creepy skinny dipper, getting naked in the pool around all these children, how's that sound?"
"No, please, just give me my clothes back!"
"And why would I do that. You made me fly in the air and stand there on the beach with my *very hot* ass and pussy out. Why shouldn't I make you?"
"B-b-because."
"Because why, you little wimp? You don't want everyone to see your embarrassing little titties. I know they're nothing compared to mine."

"Say what Lauren, I'll get you a towel but you have to follow what I say. Otherwise I will pull it away."
"Yeah sure, whatever! Just don't leave me here!"
Allie tossed Lauren's swimsuit in the trash and grabbed one of the towels, tossing it to Lauren in the water. Lauren covered herself with the towel and climbed out of the pool.
"Now go sit on the pool chair over there, right next to me" Allie demanded. Lauren complied.

"Now, Lauren. Do you know what happens to naughty little girls who embarass other people?"
"N-no."
"They get punished. And I feel it's only right for the punishment to be equal. I'm going to lay you down over my lap and start spanking you, and you'll have to beg me to stop. I'll decide when you've had enough."

Allie ripped Lauren's towel away and laid her out naked over her lap. Allie started spanking away, hard and fast.
"Allie please stop I'm so sorry I'll delete the video and everything I swear." A crowd started to grow around the girls. Allie continued spanking harder.
"Aw, look at how your pale little cheeks are all red now!"
Allie continued spanking for another few minutes.

"Please Allie I'm so sorry please just let me cover my little tits again please!"
"Okay, I think you've had enough almost. Now just stand up and do a slow 360 for the crowd and I'll bring you to cover."

Lauren stood stood up, her face as red as her ass. She spun around, showing off all of her body, her pale tan lines accentuating her most private parts.
"You ready for me to bring you to your hotel room?" Allie asked.
"Yes, please!" Lauren begged.

Of course, Allie brought Lauren the long way, through the entire waterpark, with no towel. Next to the wave pool, Lauren finally grew tired of showing her naked body to everyone and pulled Allies one piece right off. The two girls began to fight over it, stretching it out and out. It finally snapped and sent both girls flying nude into the wave pool.


