One for the road (incest bro-sis ped mf)

Part II

We reached Grants Pass few minutes later. I stayed with my eyes closed in the back of the tow-truck, while Di yawned as Uncle Bob pulled into the gas station and left to use the bathroom.

"OK, sleepy heads, stay in the truck with kids till we finish our business" he called.

When I opened my eyes, Di was getting ready to lift her butt off my lap and she did so with a cruel statement that sent a shiver through my entire body. 

"My brother was naughty...He was naughty... Naughty boy,"  she whispered.

She then left the vehicle to use the bathroom. leaving me to gather my thoughts.

'What ifs' started to occupy my mind, giving me more shivers. I didn't mind getting a good beating from my parents for what happened, but I didn't think that it was solely my fault. If Di had not brought her knees together, I would have completed my business without the aid of another party, but it happened by accident, I presumed.  

When Mom returned to the vehicle, I quickly ran into the store to use the bathroom. I took extra precautions cleaning my damp shorts to hide as much evidence as possible. I then returned to the vehicle to find Di was already in the back seat waiting for Uncle Bob and Dad to finish their smokes before we continued home. I didn't say anything, but Di surprised me by getting off the seat to allow me to sit first and then jumped back on to my lap as Uncle Bob and Dad returned. 

As we hit the road again, I was relieved to find that she did not show any indication of reporting the incident or being upset. Nevertheless, I was determined to behave for the duration of the journey. Then I would apologize to her and explain what really happened when I got an opportunity to do so. Tangled in my thoughts, I dozed off in few minutes. 

I wasn't sure how long I was asleep, but I was woken up after a nightmare in which I was on top of Di trying to make love to her. I opened my eyes and quickly realized that we were still on the road, but I felt something other than Di's buttocks pressing on my cock. Seconds later, it occurred to me that what was doing the pressing most likely was her hand that she may have tucked under her butt for some reason. I soon realized that was not the case when I felt her hand moving over my crotch. Her body was still leaning on mine, except for her head which was now on my right shoulder, giving her the leverage to reach my crotch between her thighs.  

I froze, thinking that my semi-hard cock might be the reason why she was reaching down there. Then I felt her running her fingers over the length of my half-erect cock and I realized that she was consciously engaged in the action, rather than it being an accident. I decided to wait to see how far she would go.

As her action continued, my cock willingly participated, although I did not intend to encourage it, but I was helpless. I felt it getting harder by the second as she tried to wrap her small hand around my cock. She failed due to the fabric that kept my cock contained in my shorts. Then she managed to run her fingers up to the head that was trying to drill a hole through my shorts. She squeezed it softly, then turned her head to see what my reaction was. I kept my eyes half closed and pretended to be fast sleep to see if she would stop the play on her own. 

She didn't stop. She went on to roll her fingers over my cock-head, stopping to squeeze it and run her finger back and forth over my shaft. But this time, I just didn't have the heart to stop her, knowing my cock would willingly participate without discriminating who was the performer. I started to feel the pre-cum making wet spots on my shorts and the excess running down my shaft before soaking into the fabric. I was now hard beyond belief and wanting nothing more than to shoot my load again, preferably by some action that she would perform. 

After squeezing my cock once more, she stopped and leaned firmly on my chest, causing me to panic that she was going to abruptly stop and leave me hanging, with a very swollen cock. When she tilted her body to the right and lifted her ass off my lap, I again wondered what she was up to. Then I felt her warm and silky finger tips touching just above my waist band and attempting to move them lower carefully, I was happy to know she intended to carry on with her game. I lifted my butt a little to assist and she then succeeded in lowering my shorts enough to tuck her warm hand under and bring my cock out into the open. It must have felt so big in her small hand, when she wrapped her hand around my cock. Her touch gave me an instant heavenly sensation. 
 
When she lowered her ass over my steel-hard shaft, I was shocked to find that my cock was now making contact with her bare ass. I didn't remember her removing her panties, but I wasn't going to question or complain. Her bare skin felt so fantastic and I felt the urge to pump between her butt cheeks relentlessly until I ejaculated. I only wondered how she felt with her brother's rock-hard cock slipping between her ass cheeks. 

After she settled her ass over my cock, she slowly started to glide it between her cheeks. Then she pressed her hips back to position her opened pussy lips over my cock, wiggled her hips slowly, sending a gush of blood streaming through my body straight to my already over-swollen cock. I bit my lips in ecstasy, even though only the tip of my cock was between her pussy lips. 

Tucking her hand between her parted legs, my little sister took my cock and rubbed the head up and down the wet slit of her bare pussy lips.  Her pussy lips were warm, wet and silky, with just a trace of hair. She then the tip of my cock at her clit to tease it for few seconds before she started to move her hips forward and back to ride the length of my shaft between her lips. 

The only thing that I could think of was how sexy it was to rub my cock all over my sister's cute little pussy. She kept sliding back and forth on my cock on her cute little butt, between her legs, and even up against her pubic mound.  Back and forth, until my cock was drooling pre-cum, lubricating the sensuous slide between her pussy. Our mixed juices ran down my thighs to my own ass, but I enjoyed every dribble. 

She shook her ass in a trembling movement, and pressed her butt against my cock. Then I felt her body tighten. She paused for a second and squeezed my outer thighs with both hands as her body trembled and her head collapsed onto my shoulder. My little sister had orgasmed on me!

I was glad she finished in a hurry and now I wanted my share of the action. I couldn't deprive my hard cock from relief. But I didn't want it to be too obvious, so I refrained from any hard movements, continuing to slowly rock my hips to make my cock slide between her now very juicy pussy lips. 

But she was full of surprises as she moved her back up against my chest, allowing my cock to point upwards. I was in ecstatic agony, looking for some sympathy. She offered more than I had bargained for by slowly lowering her pussy onto my cock. When we couldn't get the angle right, she used her hands to guide it between her wet lips and tried to get it into her tight love channel. 

She lowered herself gently onto me, and the tip of my cock slipped inside her pussy just a little bit.  She worked my cock a little at a time to get the cock head in, and then paused for a second. She was more successful in her next downward movement as her pussy swallowed a little more of my cock and then a little more on each successive push down. But with each inch, came a bigger, deeper wave of ecstasy. She kept ever-so-slowly withdrawing and reinserting my cock into her pussy to keep us both well lubricated. 

Now she had almost all of it inside her warm silkiness. I began to wonder whether she was still a virgin and, if so, whether or not to allow her to go further and break her hymen. But it turned out that during her next move, the truck hit a bump on the road causing her to take all 8 inches of my thick cock into her pussy at once. There was no evidence of a hymen. I was glad that her ass was now resting finally on my pelvis and my cock was pushed deeply inside her tight pussy. 

She didn't start an up-and-down action, but she resolved to wiggle, and swing her hips, while squeezing my cock with her sensuous pussy muscles. This started to bring me closer and closer to the edge or orgasm. 

We got into a really good rhythm and I suddenly exploded inside her pussy. She cried out in joy, somehow muffling the sound with her hand. I had my cock at its deepest inside my little sister's warm pussy and I felt that I was at the pinnacle of joy as my cum spurted willingly into her little body. 'Heaven can wait,' I said to myself. 

Then I felt her pussy tightening up as it did earlier and I knew she was on the verge of another orgasm. I felt that I was almost ready to fill her pussy with my cum again in a short while.

Her body trembled and she again leaned on my chest and squeezed her pussy around my cock and wiggled her hips few more times, then paused and continued with an occasional wiggle. After a long while of this activity, my cock refused to go down and finally I could send another load of cum into her.

Once she recovered, she took the initiative to clean us both with the towel. Then she gave my limp cock one last squeeze and pulled my pants up. She acted as I if was still in a deep sleep. 

"My big brother is naughty!" she whispered in my ear as I smiled.

"We are about thirty miles from Portland, guys," Uncle Bob called.

I closed my eyes with my sister on my lap, satisfied and empty. 

The end
