Harry woke up in a happy frame of mind the next morning, even though the first sounds he heard was Dobby trying to quiet. When the clanging of dropped metal stopped vibrating in his ears, he risked opening an eye and saw an apologetic Dobby.

“Sorrys sir,” the house elf belated whispered.

After a hot shower and a change of clothes from the fresh pile that Dobby had placed in his drawers, he made himself invisible and quickly walked to the Main Hall. Whilst the noise wasn’t as loud as it would be later in the day, Harry still found the concentration of youthful voices a bit much first thing in the morning. After glancing at the faces of the staff, he found he wasn’t the only one.

Harry seated himself in the empty chair to Snape’s right and adjusted the glamour so he could be seen by the Potions Professor. The hand that was in the process of taking a cup of tea to the Snape’s mouth stopped momentarily then continued its journey. Harry smiled and looked at the array of food spread in front of him. He was hungry, but unsure of whether or not he could eat without being observed.

To the right of Snape’s plate, Harry saw a smaller plate that held two pieces of buttered toast. He snuck one away and bit into it with gusto. Snape watched him with calculating eyes and continued eating his breakfast. Harry took that as encouragement and snagged the other piece of toast as well. When he’d finished, he looked at Snape expectantly. Snape grumbled and pulled more toast towards himself. After placing two more pieces on his bread plate, he said, “Pass the pumpkin Potter please, Minerva.”

McGonagall and Hooch halted their conversation and looked at each other with wide eyes. Hooch tried to stifle a chuckle. McGonagall cleared her throat and, with an innocent voice asked “I’m sorry Severus, what did you say?”

“I asked you to pass the pumpkin butter, if it’s not too much trouble,” he said, annoyed.

Madame Hooch snorted and Harry pushed his fists up to his mouth so as not to make a sound. McGonagall looked slyly at Hooch and replied, “Actually Severus, you asked me to pass the pumpkin Potter.” She put an inordinate amount of emphasis on the last word.

Severus flushed. “Don’t be ridiculous woman.” He gritted his teeth. “Now, will you pass me the damn butter, or do I have to get it myself?”

Hooch could not contain herself. Snape thought she giggled in a way that was not becoming in a woman of her age. Minerva pushed the butter towards Severus and decided not to say anything once she got a good look at his eyes. Snape buttered the toast in silence, attention fixed on the bread like it was the most delicate potion he’d ever attempted. When he’d finished, he turned to Harry, who still sat there with his fists pressed into his mouth, although his face had turned a Weasley-shade of red.

“Merlin help me,” Snape muttered, as he placed the buttered pieces of toast on the plate in front of Harry. As Harry’s body began to silently convulse with contained laughter, Snape said, “What the hell,” and added a sausage.

*****

Harry spent the rest of the day spying on Snape as he conducted his classes (and was repeatedly and effectively ignored) and following the other teachers around the castle. Not only did he learn more of their personalities, he came to admire the amount of work they did, as well as the great lengths they went to keep themselves from harming recalcitrant students. After an afternoon nap, some time spent flying his broom on the empty Quidditch field and dinner in his room (he didn’t think it was wise to sit next to Snape again after the morning), he decided to walk around the castle.

Night had fallen and the halls were empty apart from Filch trailing a prowling Mrs Norris. Harry resisted the urge to kick both of them as he walked silently. Even though there was no one around, the high ceilings and ornate walls did not feel empty. There was peace in this silence. Harry was glad he had returned.

After half an hour, he got tired of being indoors so decided to walk to the lake. A solitary figure stood by the water. He was not surprised to see it was Snape. He stood to the side and watched him covertly.

Harry had come to see a different side to Snape’s personality in the short time he’d been haunting him. Of course, he was still obnoxious, petty and vindictive, but he was equally compassionate, unassuming and gifted. Harry had always assumed there were unsuspected depths to Snape’s character; after all, if Dumbledore trusted and liked the man, there must be. And for all their innuendos, the rest of the staff seemed to have a fond place in their hearts for the stern Potions Master as well.

A sudden breeze moved Snape’s limp hair from his face. In the soft light of the moon, Harry could see the strong profile that he’d always thought of as unbecoming.

Strong slashes of darkness marked his eyebrows. Eyes so deeply brown they appeared black. Eyelashes that were almost girlishly long. High, sharp cheekbones. That nose. The nose that had garnered so much criticism. Harry peered closer. Okay, it did look larger than normal noses. But it was aquiline and masculine-looking. It fit the face it belonged to.

The lips that always seemed to be twisted in a perpetual sneer were now relaxed and slightly open. Harry noticed the lower lip was slightly plumper than the upper. A glint of whiteness could be seen peaking under them. His skin seemed smooth, like cream or cotton. It clung tightly to the ridges of his face.

The wind blew again. Harry moved in closer. As errant strands were blown away from Snape’s face, Harry reached a careful hand to the back of his head, making sure he did not touch. He held his open hand there patiently, feeling the wisps touch and move in his hand. It felt soft, almost delicate. Harry rubbed his fingers together, he could detect no oiliness. He held his hand to his nose and breathed in deeply. He smelt a lingering scent composed of many substances; pinewood smoke, bitter almonds, fresh moss, heavy water, sugary syrup. A complex mixture, much like the man who carried it.

Harry thought how simple it would be to touch that head, to stroke that hair. What would Snape do if he felt a phantom hand move down his face, caressing his cheeks, pressing his lips? He could press those lips with his fingers or his own lips. Could he kiss him? Could he run the tip of his tongue along Snape’s mouth and taste? Would he taste the same as he smelt?

Harry froze, he saw that his hand had stretched precariously close to Snape’s face. Snape had been standing silently and staring at the lapping waves of the lake created by the underwater creatures. His breathing was steady and he did not appear to notice anything amiss.

Harry’s hand fell abruptly to his side. He stepped back noiselessly. What the hell what was he thinking? Kissing a man? Kissing Snape? Even if Harry was that way inclined (and he hadn’t even suspected he was) – Snape? His oldest rival? His hated Potions Professor? What would Ron say? What would the other Professors say?

What would Snape say?

Harry shook his head, bewildered by the thoughts swirling in his head. He couldn’t stay here, he needed to go away and think things out. Away from…temptation.

Snape spoke quietly, almost to himself. “Harry?”

Harry bit his lower lip – had he been seen? Did Snape realise what was going on?

“Where are you when I need you?” Snape said sadly.

Harry did not stay to hear more. In a very unGryffindor-like manner, he fled.

*****

Harry lay in darkness, tossing on his bed and punching his pillow. What the hell had that been? Okay, one thing at a time Potter.

Since when had he liked men? He could not recall any specific instances in his past that stood out. Of course, he noticed men. And maybe he noticed attractive men a little rapidly than he did unattractive ones. Did that make him gay?

He thought back to his relationships; platonic and otherwise. The Dursley’s were a prime example in what family was not about. From them, he had learnt that the absence of kindness and love hurt more than the absence of food or shelter.

Hagrid, who had shown him compassion and was the first adult he had truly trusted. From Hagrid, he’d learnt to appreciate differences. No matter what the creature looked like, or how it could potentially hurt you, Hagrid showed the same care and consideration to his ‘children’ as he showed to strangers. Hagrid judged people on a one-to-one basis.

Ron, his first and best friend. From Ron, he’d learned the healing power of laughter. Any experience shared with a friend made it sweeter. Ron had accepted him at face value, much as Hagrid had. While other students would fawn over him, Harry could always trust Ron to go through his things, steal his last chocolate, punch him when no one was looking, whisper rude words in his ear purely to see if he could make him blush. Through Ron and the other Weasley’s, Harry had seen what a loving family could accomplish. Ron was passionate and brave, was so confident because he was safe in the knowledge that he was wanted, he was loved. And Harry, by proxy, felt the same in this presence.

Hermione, the other point in their triangle. An ultra-focussed perfectionist that could burp out all the letters in her name. Hermione, who would stay up late knitting unwanted hats for unnoticed elves, was fiercely protective of her Muggle parents and just as proud of her Muggle background. Harry had learnt internal fortitude from her; the type of strength it took to go against convention and do what was morally right, regardless of the consequences.

Dumbledore, his mentor. Although he had been frequently frustrated by the man, he realised that everything he’d done to and for Harry had been for the express purpose of keeping him alive and sane. From Dumbledore, Harry had learnt the importance of folly, of seizing simple pleasures with both hands whenever they were available. And the heavy responsibility of duty. Instead of placidly standing aside as conflict brewed, Dumbledore had thrown himself wholeheartedly into the side of good. Thankfully, his hard work had had the desired outcome. But Harry suspected that, even if Dumbledore thought he was fighting on the losing side, it would not have changed his actions in the slightest.

The faces of Harry’s past girlfriends appeared in his mind. There was no similarity between them; their physical appearances had been as different as their personalities. Amelia, blonde and curvy, given to giggles and fun. Delaney, dark haired with a wicked sense of humour. Constance; quiet, studious, given to long pauses and carefully weighted words. The others flashed past just as quickly. While he had been with each of them, he’d been happy. But after each break-up, he was secretly ashamed and elated. Something had been missing in each, although he never could work out what it was. And the sex had been great, fine. Well, it had been good. Nothing earth-shattering, but Harry had never believed other’s people’s opinions about that anyway.

And if he was partial to the line of a strong calf muscle, what of it? If he admired broad shoulders, did that mean he was gay? Just because he particularly liked flat stomachs and straight hips, did that mean he was into blokes? Looking back, Harry realised that he’d admired all these physical aspects and more. And he hadn’t really cared if they belonged to a female or a male. As strange as his life had been, not much surprised him. If a scar inflicted on him as a child had channelled and strengthened his powers, why wouldn’t some secret coil inside him propel him to be attracted to his own sex? It was a fairly common facet of wizard society, up to a quarter of magical people were that way inclined. Did it bother him?

He thought about it, and decided no.

But the Snape problem. While Harry had no problems accepting the fact that women didn’t do it for him, could he accept that Snape did?

He rolled onto his stomach, irritated. It was too much to contemplate. One thing at a time, he thought to himself. You’ve just worked out you’re quite probably bisexual, maybe even a complete poof. Let that sink into your psyche before you tackle any other problems.

Feeling strangely satisfied at this conclusion, he decided that sleep was in order. A nice, peaceful, non-dreaming sleep would be just the thing to clear his mind. But his sleep that night was broken up with images as sharp as shattered glass.

*****

The celebration for Dumbledore was approaching. In two days time, the castle would be filled with well-wishers and old friends wanting to catch up and reminisce. The excitement felt by the children was palpable. Classes for the day would be cancelled and all students would enjoy a special fete on Hogwarts grounds. After his night of restless sleep, Harry spent a lot of time in his room thinking. Dobby would appear periodically and try to press food on him. After a few hours, Harry began to feel stir crazy. He walked the castle, but deliberately stayed out of Snape’s presence. He watched him from afar, the Professor didn’t look like he’d been getting a lot of sleep either.

Harry leaned into a closed doorway, watching waves of talking students walk to class. He heard a familiar voice behind him. Melvin Bocca, the injured Ravenclaw, had obviously been released from Madame Pomfrey’s clutches, and looked fighting fit as he conversed loudly with his fellow Ravenclaws.

“Yeah, my mum was furious when she found out,” he said to the interested students. “She said she was going to write a letter to McGonagall. Bloody incompetent Snape! Mum said it was his fault I got hurt as bad as I did. He mustn’t have been doing his job properly.”

A weedy looking blonde boy (that reminded Harry of what Draco Malfoy had looked like when he’d first met him) snickered and said, “Yeah, what do you expect when you get a Death-Eater to work with kids? Don’t know why we put up with the oily bastard.”

Harry nonchalantly extended his foot and tripped the blonde Ravenclaw over. The watching students had chuckled loudly as he sprawled, books scattering. “Idiot,” Melvin said affectionately and helped his surprised but uninjured friend off the floor.

As the students resumed their journey to class, Harry wondered why he had done that. The comments he’d heard were not new; hell, he and Ron had routinely said worse! But he’d felt a twist of anger bloom in his stomach when he’d heard the words of the ungrateful fifth-year. Obviously Bocca didn’t know who’d slaved away over a cauldron for hours to make his pain go away. And Death-Eater? Didn’t those young idiots know what Snape had done for the Order?

Harry reflected on previous conversations he’d heard in the same vein. Everyone was always eager to sing his praises; the courageous way he’d stepped up to the Dark Lord, the devotion he’d shown to his preparation. And Dumbledore’s memory was adulated no matter where he went – he was the general who’d led their army to victory.

But try as he might, Harry could think of no similar words of praise for Snape. Even after the final battle, where witnesses had seen him turn on the Death-Eaters from inside their protected area, rapidly flinging curses in the desire to take out as many as he could before he was inevitably killed for being a traitor, no witness, Auror or ordinary wizard or witch, had thanked him. Even after Dumbledore’s full report, where he’d outlined the full extent of Severus’ devotion to the cause, the stealth he’d worked under, the torture he’d accepted, none of that sunk into the public consciousness as easily as did the hero worship that followed Harry and Dumbledore. If Snape had been bitter before, Harry was amazed that he had the ability to mix in normal magical society without self-imploding with fury.

Harry realised he’d been avoiding Snape in the hope that this infatuation or whatever it was, would go away. Apparently it wasn’t, so he decided to act on it. Tonight, he was going back to Snape’s quarters.