"Peter?" Lucy called, searching through the halls of Cair Paravel for her older brother and fellow monarch. "Oh, Peter?"

Lucy had been reading in the orchard as it was far too hot to do anything constructive but she'd found a word in her book that she didn't understand. Mr. Tumnus had no clue what it meant. Susan was flirting with her new boyfriend Larier in the garden. Edmund wasn't in the library. The centaurs were drowsing in the stables and Aslan hadn't been seen for ages and ages. So she went hunting for Peter in the hopes that he could tell her what it meant.

Peter wasn't in the Library. He wasn't in the training yard. He wasn't in his office. He wasn't at Court, not that anyone was right now. On a drowsy, hot June afternoon you never found anyone in court. He wasn't out in the stables with the horses and centaurs. He wasn't anywhere, making Lucy huff. It was too hot to be playing unofficial hide and seek with her brother!

"Forget it," Lucy said, throwing her hands up in dismay. "I'll ask him later. I'm going for a swim with the mermaids. It's too hot to keep at this."

She headed to her room, grabbing a nice big towel, a blanket, her swimsuit and some fruit and water to drink. She hummed as she walked through the palace, heading for the stairs down to the mermaid's cove. She waved to Tumnus and he waved back, but fawns were terrible swimmers so he stayed in the shade of the orchard, quietly playing his flute for the Beaver's children. Lucy laid out her blanket on the beach and changed into her suit unselfconsciously. The mermaids didn't understand swimsuits and no one else was down here right now.

She blinked as she heard laughter from around some rocks. Well, maybe she wasn't the only one down here. Lucy quickly braided her hair and snuck closer to take a look. She had to clap a hand over her mouth to keep from squeaking and disturbing the scene. She'd accidentally found both of her brothers, but she'd never seen them like this before. Peter and Edmund had always kept their Master/slave relationship private, barely acknowledging it in public other than Edmund's silver collar. She knew that they did things in private, of course. How could she not? They were her brothers. But it was private between the two of them and that was fine. She loved them both, no matter what adjustments they'd had to make to their relationship to meet the requirements of Edmund's enslavement. Lucy found that knowing it intellectually and seeing it were two very different things.

"My boy," Peter rumbled, his new beard looking odd on his face. She still wasn't used to the beard, though it did look good on him.

"Yes, Master," Edmund said, dark hair wet and rumpled under Peter's possessive touch.

He'd set aside his crown, as had Peter, back up the beach with their clothes. All of their clothes. Even their underwear. Lucy blushed but didn't stop watching. She couldn't. She'd never seen them like this before. They were both naked, aroused (and yes, she'd seen aroused male penises before—she lives with fawns and centaurs who don't wear clothes, thank you very much!) and touching each other so intimately. They'd obviously been swimming and just gotten out, so both of their bodies were wet and glistening. It was hypnotic. They were making Lucy squirm in completely unfamiliar ways.

Edmund knelt, his hands clasped loosely behind his back as he nuzzled Peter's thighs, licking the water away. Peter smiled possessively, guiding Edmund's mouth to his penis with a grip on his hair. Edmund happily engulfed Peter's penis in this mouth, making Peter groan and Lucy whimper behind her shielding hand.

"Good boy," Peter said, voice rumbling in his chest. "Get it nice and hard. I'm sure the water washed all the oil away from before."

Edmund shuddered, eyes shutting in obvious pleasure. Lucy wanted to shut her eyes too, but couldn't quite manage it. Edmund took his time sucking on Peter's penis, eventually letting it go with a seductive little flick of his tongue to the tip that made Peter laugh and push Edmund down into the damp sand.

"You obviously need some attention, little slave-boy," Peter said, using his foot to spread Edmund's legs out and then caress Edmund's painfully erect penis. "You're far too flirty for someone who just got fucked twice."

"Please, Master!" Edmund whimpered, his rear end in the air pointed in Lucy's direction so she could see quite literally everything. "Please, take me again?"

"I don't know," Peter teased, stroking his penis as he walked over to the blankets and got some oil in a little vial. "I think that you've had enough."

Edmund whined, blushing over his whole body. He held the position that Peter had put in him, even though it looked desperately uncomfortable. His legs were spread so wide and his face was nearly in the sand. Lucy trembled, realizing that she was getting decidedly wet down south watching the two of them. She quietly pushed away from the rocks but froze as Peter returned to Edmund's side, drizzling a bit of oil over Edmund's anus. She was locked in place again, unable to move.

"No?" Peter said, laughing as Edmund gasped. "I guess I'll have to take care of my naughty little slave boy, won't I? You're such a trial, always wanting something out of me. I should make you take care of me sometime."

"Oh, please yes, Master!" Edmund gasped, back arching as Peter slid two fingers into his anus. "W-want to take care of you, please, oh please let me!"

Peter chuckled and started moving his fingers in and out of Edmund, making Edmund shudder and gasp. He also made Lucy shudder and cover her mouth with both hands to muffle her whimpers. She was never going to be able to look at her brothers the same way again. Peter added a third finger, lovingly stretching Edmund out. Ed keened, his toes curling in the damp sand. His silver collar shown in the afternoon sun, twinkling as he thrust back against Peter's hand.

"I think you're ready now," Peter said, smiling as he pet Edmund's back.

He shifted position and slowly pushed his penis into Edmund. Lucy thought that she stopped breathing entirely as she watched it slowly disappear into Ed. Her legs were trembling worse than Edmund's were and she swore it was only her hands over her mouth that kept her from making noises like the ones that Edmund was making. Peter started moving and Lucy shuddered. Oh Aslan, she really shouldn't be watching this!

"That's it," Peter crooned to Ed, petting his back and occasionally tugging his collar as if to remind him that it was his Master's penis filling him up. "Does my little slave boy feel better with his Master's cock in his ass?"

"Oh fuck yes, Master!" Edmund groaned, fingers and toes clenching and unclenching in the sand. "Please, harder, please Master, fuck!"

Peter picked up the pace, grasping Edmund's hips to get better leverage. Lucy shuddered, one hand going to the rocks to support her since her legs were trying hard to collapse underneath her. They were moaning and saying nonsense things to each other that mostly revolved around 'mine' and 'yours Master' but Lucy wasn't really hearing them. She was far too mesmerized by the sight of Peter's penis disappearing over and over inside of Edmund. She panted through her nose and it seemed like no time at all before Edmund was begging to be allowed to come.

"That's my good boy," Peter grunted, hips paddling Edmund's rear end he was smacking into him so hard. "You like a good hard fuck, don't you? You want to be taken like a little whore!"

"Yes!" Edmund cried, back arching. "I do! Oh please Master!"

"Do it!" Peter ordered, making three sharp plunges into Edmund before freezing, head flung back in the afternoon sun.

Edmund cried out and came, making Lucy gasp behind her hand and collapse to her knees behind the rock as she came, too. Oh good heavens, she could not have just come from watching her brothers together! But she had and she knew she'd be thinking of this afternoon for years. Lucy listened to them for a bit without peeking, hearing Peter's tender words and Edmund's happy laugh.

"Want another dip to get cleaned up?" Peter asked, startling Lucy to her feet and away from the rocks.

"In a few minutes," Edmund said drowsily. "I'd rather rest for a bit first."

Lucy hurried away from their hidden spot on the beach, splashing out into the waves. She really didn't want them to know she'd been watching them. The fact that she'd stayed and watched them have sex ashamed her, but she literally hadn't been able to move. Lucy smiled as the mermaids swam up to the surface to greet her, letting them carry her out to sea. She'd swim for a nice long time, let her cheeks cool down, and hopefully by the time she came back in her brothers would have headed back up to the palace. She wasn't sure she'd be able to look either of them in the face, but that was the future. For now, she really needed to cool off!