Naomi was home alone for the first time in a while. The kids were visiting their grandparents for the night and Kevin had just left for the store to get things for the romantic dinner they had planned that evening.
Though dinner was just the beginning of the things she had in mind for their evening... She knew it would be really hot sex that night. Sex with him was always amazing... but there was something about a night like this that made sex even more exciting... more fun. No reason to hurry tonight. There was no getting up early the next morning for work or kids. They had all night to play.
She decided to peek through her lingerie and pick out her attire for the night. Sifting through her lacy apparel, she finally settled on the silky red nightie that was short enough to just barely show her little butt cheeks. She found the matching red thong in her panty drawer and noticed her thigh highs tucked beneath her other underwear. It didn't take more than a moment to decide on those too. That meant digging out her heels as well... He loved those thigh highs and she knew it. Even though she felt a little silly prancing around in stilettos and high heels with lingerie on, she loved knowing he was turned on by it. Just the thought of him looking at her with those sexy brown eyes, hungry to taste her body, made her shiver with delight. She felt herself getting a little wet at that image in her head...
She figured she'd have enough time to take a quick shower before he got home from the store, so she undressed and escaped to the serenity of the hot water. She washed up quickly and then just let the water trickle over her body. She started thinking of him again... the way he knew her body so well. He knew ever place to touch and exactly how to touch it. She craved him constantly. The mere thought sent delicious shivers down her spine and made her pussy tingle in anticipation.
She closed her eyes and moved her hands down her body... rubbing her little tits, pinching her nipples. Her fingers traveled down her stomach and began to stroke the lips of her pussy. She imagined his fingers in place of her own, expertly finding his way to her most sensitive areas. Plunging inside of her... moving in and out of her wetness. Eyes still closed, she fingered herself and played with her clit until she shrieked from pleasure and soaked her fingers with juices from her orgasm.
A few lingering rubs of her satisfied clit and she withdrew her fingers and opened her eyes. She was quite startled to see Kevin standing there, leaning against the counter, watching her. Completely surprised, she rinsed her fingers and turned the water off, grabbing her towel and quickly drying herself. Opening the door, she asked how long he'd been there.
He didn't answer... he just grabbed her by the waist and pulled her body against his, kissing her lips with long, passionate kisses. She threw her arms around his neck, holding his head to hers, returning the kiss. She felt his hard cock through his shorts pressing against her neatly trimmed pussy. She wanted nothing more than to have him buried deep inside her right then and there. The burning hunger she felt for him was unbearable.
His lips left hers and moved to her neck. Slow, sucking, biting kisses he trailed down the soft skin. She gasped with each one... the feeling of his mouth on her was incredible. He moved to her tits, taking his time with each little peak. Teasing, sucking, biting them too. Her hands clawed at the back of his head wildly, begging for more.
He sank to his knees and pushed her thighs apart, then buried his mouth in her pussy. She cried out in pleasure as his tongue moved all over her. He knew exactly what he was doing... She propped one leg up on the counter to give him more room for exploration. He dove in deeper, licking her clit faster and harder, making her scream and thrust herself into his face. She screamed as the orgasm overtook her. Her pussy soaked his mouth with cum. He licked every drop before returning to his feet.
She all but ripped his clothes from his body. He was already hard and she couldn't wait to have him inside her. She was aching for him... every part of her wanted him.
She kissed him, tasting herself on his tongue, then lowered to her knees and took his cock into her mouth. Slowly she eased her mouth over his entire length. He moaned at the sensation of her hot, wet lips taking him in. Her fingers circled the base of his dick and began to move in sync with her mouth... back and forth over his shaft.
She continued her erotic affair with his cock for a few minutes, then stood up to kiss him. He turned her around so her back was to him and pulled her to his body, shoving his dick deep inside her waiting pussy.
She moaned loudly at the feeling of being filled by him. He held her against him by the waist, just letting them both bask in the feeling of being joined. She was eager to move... to slam herself onto him over and over. Her pussy was aching to cum all over him. But he held her still for what seemed like an eternity before he pushed her gently, sliding her pussy up his cock. He held her there, just the tip of him inside her for a moment... then pulled her down hard again. She screamed at this torture... it felt so fucking good, but it was torture.
He knew she was anxiously awaiting a good hard fucking. He was having fun teasing her though. He repeated the slow movements several times before sliding completely out of her and turning her around to kiss her.
He led her to their bed and laid down, pulling her on top of him. She kissed him eagerly as she lowered herself onto him, but he stopped her and ordered her to lick his dick and taste herself again.
She happily obliged as she took him into her mouth a second time and tasted her pussy juice. Licking every inch of him, then moving back to kiss him and let him taste her too. She pushed him back inside of her quickly and began to ride him.
He moved his hips to meet her every thrust down on his cock. Her pussy becoming more wet as her orgasm built inside of her. She moaned loudly as he fucked her... as she fucked him. Her lips moved to his neck where she bit him playfully. He moaned as his earlobe found its way between her teeth as well.
She sat back up and was grinding her pussy onto his cock so hard and fast, she couldn't stop herself from screaming as she coated his cock in her cum.
The pulsating of her pussy cumming on his cock was so intense, he couldn't wait any longer either and let his own load spurt inside of her. He moaned as she refused to give up the fast pace of her movements which only made him cum harder. His hands grabbed at her, pulling her down to kiss her in between gasps of breath as both of their orgasms tapered off. She continued to rock against him lightly, savoring the feeling of him inside her as she smiled and said, "I always did like my dessert before dinner..."