Title: A View to a Thrill Ch.01




Summary: A mother, a son, and the view from his bedroom window.  




Keywords: inc,fic





Jimmy Morris listened to his friend and neighbor Greg Norton blabber on enthusiastically while finding it impossible to believe a word he was saying. Greg was known to tell some whoppers from time to time, but what he was saying now was way beyond anything he'd claimed before. 

"It's true I'm telling ya," Greg squeaked. 

"Yeah right, whatever dude," Jimmy shot back while fixing Greg with a look that clearly showed he thought he was full of shit. 

"You'll see. Just make sure you're looking out your window at nine tonight, I'll leave the blinds up enough for you to see I'm telling the truth." 

The houses in this development were built in such a way that every other house was situated with one side extremely close to the one next to it. The two eighteen year olds bedrooms faced each other's and couldn't have been more than twenty feet apart. On the other side of the houses the distance increased considerably. 

"Jimmy, dinners ready," Carol Morris yelled from the back door leading into the spacious kitchen. She had to holler twice before she got a reaction from her son. 

She heard him say he'd be right there before he leaned in and whispered something into Greg's ear. Turning back and heading inside she couldn't help but wonder what the two boys were up to. It seemed that lately they had been more secretive than in the past. Probably talking about girls she told herself. 

Dinner was eaten with the whole family sitting at the dinning table. Conversation flowed between Jimmy's dad Charles and his older sister Penny with an occasional input from his mom but he was oblivious to what they were talking about. All he could think about was what Greg had told him. Time seemed to crawl. After helping clean up he went into the family room and tried to wile away the time watching television but couldn't even concentrate on that. While waiting he received a text message on his cell phone from Greg asking if he was going to be watching. For some reason he didn't answer, he just placed his cell on the coffee table and ignored it. 

Carol noticed her son hadn't replied to his message and when she asked about it he told her it was nothing. She found that odd since he practically lived on his phone twenty-four hours a day. He was constantly receiving and sending texts, just like his sister. She chuckled to herself as she thought about how much time her kids spent on their phones. Hell, back in her day when she was their age you had to actually press buttons and hold the phone up to your ear then speak into it if you wanted to have a conversation with someone. The fact that she was even thinking thoughts like 'back in her day' made her chuckle out loud. 

"Something funny dear," her husband asked. 

"No, not really, just thought of something silly is all," she replied. 

"Okay," her husband replied then went back to concentrating on reading the book he was engrossed in. 

Carol glanced over at her husband of twenty-three years and couldn't help but notice how much he'd changed over the course of their marriage. At fifty years old he was ten years her senior. Gone were the days when he wore his black hair slightly long and his stomach was washboard flat. Now his head showed a lot of scalp and his waistline was as big as his chest. Sitting at a desk for over twenty years had taken a toll on him. As for her she knew she wasn't the same either. Her shoulder length brown hair had lost some of its luster and she knew that her figure had gotten softer too. But on the plus side she still looked a lot like her old self. Her green eyes sparkled with life and her button nose looked just like her daughters. Another thing she was proud of was the fact that her lips were still pouty and full and her tits weren't drooping toward her navel like so many other moms in the neighborhood. Hers sat firm and proud on her chest even when they weren't encased in a bra. Sure, there were signs of age creeping up on her. More lines in the face around the eyes and more roundness to her almost flat abdomen, but nothing drastic. At five-seven she was still slim and very attractive in her own right. Shaking her head to clear away the thoughts she settled back on the couch and stared at the television, a small smile forming on her lips. 

Lost in his own thoughts Jimmy forgot to keep an eye on the clock. When he realized it was five after nine he jumped up and ran up the stairs two at a time. Reaching his room he forgot to shut the door. His bed sat parallel to the wall with the window so he went around and sat down then stared over at his friend's window. Greg's bed was situated where the foot of it faced the window. Just as Greg had promised the blinds were pulled up enough to see everything going on in his bed. Jimmy was repulsed a little when he saw his friend lying there naked stroking his cock. 

"Yeah, just as I thought you lying shithead," he whispered to himself. 

Carol heard the cell phone sitting on the coffee table chime. Reaching down she picked it up and looked at the screen. There was a text message from the kid next door. It read: Are you watching? She wasn't sure what it meant but figured it might be important so she stood up and carried the phone with her as she slowly made her way up the carpeted stairs. When she reached the top she noticed that her son's door was open but there wasn't any light coming from his room. Maybe he's in the bathroom she thought, so she figured she'd just sit the phone in his room and he could get the message when he returned. As she rounded the door she saw her son sitting on the far side of the bed staring out the window with his back to her. She was about to ask what he was doing when movement across the way caught her attention. Glancing over at the neighbor's window her heart skipped a beat and her pulse quickened. There was her son's friend lying on the bed stroking one of the hardest cocks she'd seen in a long time. Mesmerized she slowly made her way around the bed and stood near where her son sat. Try as she might she couldn't tear her eyes away from the scene playing out across from them. It had been so long since she'd seen someone's cock so hard and youthful looking. A tingle rippled through her pussy just as the thought that her son was gay raced through her mind. 

Jimmy had been so caught up in staring across at Greg's room waiting for what had been promised to happen that he was totally unaware that his mother had come into the room. He sat there with his sweats down around his ankles while his hand idly massage his cock through his boxers. He almost shit himself when he felt a hand on his shoulder. Jerking his eyes upward he saw his mom standing there gazing down at him. She had a strange look on her face and his cell phone in her hand. 

"Mom!" he stammered completely forgetting that he was sitting there in just his boxers and t-shirt. 

"It's okay baby, I understand," Carol whispered soothingly as she stepped in front of him placing the palm of her free hand gently against the side of his face. 

"I...I...I'm sorry Mom," Jimmy stuttered frozen in place. 

"It's okay sweetheart, nothing to be ashamed of," Carol said softly as she squatted down in front of him, placed his cell phone on the floor then cupped his face with both hands. 

"I'm so embarrassed," he groaned unable to look his mother in the eyes. 

"Jimmy, look at me." She waited till his eyes met hers before continuing. "There's nothing to be ashamed of. It's okay if you're gay." 

He couldn't believe what he'd just heard. A strained laugh erupted from his mouth causing Carol to lower her hands and stare at her son as if he'd gone insane. As she stared at him Jimmy noticed movement over in Greg's room. Someone else had entered. 

"You think I'm gay Mom?" 

"Why else would you be watching a guy play with himself?" she asked puzzled. 

Jimmy stared over the top of his mother's head at the activity taking place in the other bedroom. He felt a stirring in his crotch as his cock began to slowly swell. 

"I was waiting for that, take a look Mom," he said pointing toward the window. 

Carol stood and turned to face the other way a sharp gasp pouring out of her mouth as her eyes fell onto the bed across from them. The boy wasn't alone anymore. A woman had entered and was slowly crawling up the boy's legs her wide ass and hairy pussy on full display. Carol watched stunned as the woman straddled the young man, held his stiff cock up and slowly sank her hairy pussy down on the shaft until it was completely engulfed. The woman had her back to them making it impossible to tell who she was but Carol could tell by the way the woman moved it wasn't some young girl. No, this was a woman who was at least middle-aged, someone closer to her own age. A pang of envy coursed through Carol as she watched the woman begin to rapidly bounce up and down on the rock hard shaft that was becoming shiny from their juices. 

Jimmy's cock strained against his boxers as he leaned over to see past his mom and watched the woman riding his friend. With each downward thrust her ass cheeks jiggled and clenched at the same time. He lost all thought of his mom being in the room as he reached into his boxers and pulled his cock out through the front slit. Slowly he began to stroke himself as the pair across from him picked up the pace. 

Carol was completely lost, unable to look away even if she had wanted to. Tiny beads of sweat formed on her upper lip and brow, and the unmistakable feel of her cunt getting wet told her all she needed to know. She was turned on. The sight of that lovely hard cock had her wetter than she'd been in a long time. God it had been ages since she felt this horny. Her sex life with Charles was almost non-existent anymore, unless of course you considered once or twice a month a sex life at all. She didn't think that three or four minutes of the old in and out was much to brag about. As she watched she couldn't help but think there was something familiar about the woman, she just couldn't put a handle on what. The answer came when the woman stopped riding and stood up on the bed then turned around and squatted back down taking the young man's cock back into her pussy. 

"Oh my God! That's..." Carol was too shocked to finish. 

Jimmy had no problems finishing for her. 

"Yep, that's Greg's Mom. I guess he wasn't lying after all," he gleefully chirped. 

"How could she?" Carol stammered, as her knees grew weak then gave out all together. 

Jimmy had just enough time to grab his mother by the hips and guide her safely down on top of his lap. If he hadn't done that she might have ended up on the floor hurting herself in the process. Once her ass was in his lap he realized he had another problem; she was sitting squarely on his cock trapping its length directly under her crotch. 

The fact that her son's cock was pressing up against her cunt didn't immediately register on her brain. Nor did the fact that the thin cotton housedress she was wearing did nothing to dampen the heat radiating off her pussy causing Jimmy's already excited manhood to swell even more. All she could do was sit and stare across the way and watch as a mother fucked her own son. 

"How can she do that with her own son?" Carol asked expecting no answer. 

"Because she loves him Mom. And also he told me that since his dad split she's been pretty lonely," Jimmy answered anyway. 

"I guess loneliness can be a powerful motivator, plus that is a pretty nice penis," Carol absently stated then became instantly embarrassed. 

Turning slightly so she could look behind her at her son she blurted, "God baby I'm sorry, I don't know why I said that." 

A stab of jealousy trickled through him causing him to blurt out, "Mines bigger." 

Suddenly Carol was aware of what had been poking her. Until he'd said something she hadn't even been aware that she was sitting in his lap, much less that his cock was pressed snuggly up against her own pussy. Now she was acutely aware of the heat and hardness pressing into her. Jumping to her feet she took one last look out the window. Greg's mom was now laying backwards on her son, his cock smaller than before but still lodged inside her. Rivulets of white creamy cum flowed down his shaft and dribbled over his deflated ball sack. Carol's eyes grew wide as she glanced back down at her son and noticed his exposed cock all thick and hard stretched out between his thighs. She was unable to stifle the gasp that escaped her lips as a spasm shot through her cunt. Two more rippled through her as she ran from her son's room, the image of his magnificent cock burned into the recesses of her mind. 

Jimmy wasn't a fool; he knew what had just happened. His mom had just had an orgasm while looking at his dick. Pride swelled up inside him as he looked across the way and furiously whacked his meat, the memory of how soft and warm his mother's ass and crotch were fresh in his mind. Less than a minute later there were several large pools of cum soaking into the carpet of his bedroom. The chime of his phone brought him back to earth. Glancing around he found it on the floor almost in a puddle of his spooge where his mom must have dropped it. 

It had one text message that read: Told you so. 

When Carol got downstairs her husband asked if she were okay. 

"Yeah, why?" she asked, fear stabbing at her heart. 

"No reason really. You just look kind of flush is all," Charles stated then went back to reading. 

"Where's Penny?" she asked if for no other reason than to change the subject. 

"She went back to her dorm, said she had to cram for finals," he told her without looking up. 

Their daughter lived at the dorms of her collage only coming around to get a free meal and do a load of clothes once in a while. 

"Okay. Well I think I'm gonna turn in honey," Carol said then gave him a peck on his balding head and headed to their downstairs master suite. 

She heard him say he'd be in shortly, meaning that she'd be sound asleep before he showed up. Shutting the door she stripped out of her clothes and went to take a shower. She felt dirty for some reason. Once under the spray of the warm water her mind drifted off to what she had witnessed. How could a mother have sex with her own son, it was so wrong she told herself. Sure, being lonely could prompt someone to make irrational decisions. But to actually commit incest? As she was pondering this the image of Jimmy's cock sprang to the front of her consciousness. He was right about it being bigger than the neighbor boy's, much bigger. A shiver ran down her spine as her fingers found her aroused clit and began to work it back and forth. Leaning back against the shower wall she pushed her fingers lower until they slipped into the fur-lined crevice of her slick slit. Gently she pushed one then another finger all the way in and began to slowly finger fuck herself. Just like her son it took only a short time before she came. Sexually relieved she melted slowly down the shower wall to sit there stunned that she'd masturbated with thoughts of her son's cock running wildly through her head. She was even more stunned when later that night she woke up with an overpowering urge to creep up to her son's room just to get another glimpse of his gorgeous prick. She settled for her fingers instead then fell into a troubled sleep. 

Jimmy's sleep wasn't much better than his mother's. Only instead of wondering about how someone could fuck their own kid his thoughts were about what his mom might do. Would she confront Mrs. Norton? Would she say something to dad? Worse yet, would she report it to the police? When he woke the next morning his eyes were puffy and bloodshot from lack of sleep. A shower and fresh clothes didn't brighten his outlook of facing his mom either. 

Carol sat at the dinning table sipping her coffee when her son came down. She had trouble looking him in the eyes and was quite relieved when he appeared to have the same problem. When he sat down across from her with his own cup the silence that grew between them started to become awkward. 

"Listen, Jimmy I..." She really wasn't sure what to say. Jimmy fixed that problem. 

"Mom I'm so sorry. You weren't suppose to see that, I know it was a shock," he blurted out. 

"Well I did, and to say I was shocked is an understatement." 

Jimmy's voice relayed his fear. "So now what?" 

"What do you mean?" Carol asked fixing him with her gaze. 

"I mean you're not going to do something crazy, like call the cops or something, are you?" 

"Why would you think I'd do something like that?" 

"I don't know," answered Jimmy, the distinct ring of uncertainty in his voice. 

She knew why he was skeptical about what she'd do; she had heard the gossip floating around the neighborhood. Most of the people that lived near them considered her the June Cleaver of the block. A real goody-two-shoes. Just because she was nice to people and loved to bake and act like a housewife caused them to get the wrong impression of her. A smirk appeared on her face as she wondered what they would think if they knew some of the thoughts that ran through her head during the course of a day were. They'd change their opinion of her faster than shit. 

"Well you don't have to worry sweetie. If Nancy Norton wants to fuck her son who am I to tell her she shouldn't. Actually I'm happy that she's getting some, wish I could say the same." She hadn't meant to say that, but since it was out there she didn't really care if her son knew or not. 

Jimmy was at a loss for words. He'd never heard his mom use the "F" word before, let alone say something about her sex life. He was starting to see a whole new side of his mother and he found himself liking it. It felt like a door had been opened and he planned on exploring what was on the other side. Sitting back he fixed his eyes on her before talking. 

"I really am sorry you saw that Mom. I'll tell Greg to keep his blinds pulled from now on." He thought he saw her face cloud over briefly. It was there for only a split second but it was definitely there. 

"Don't do that honey. He'll know something's wrong if you do. Besides they probably won't do it again anyway," Carol hastily said. 

"I don't know Mom. Greg is a horn-dog. If his mom is anything like him then I can't promise you won't see them again. Maybe if I had him let me know beforehand, then I could warn you not to come up to my room." Jimmy felt like he'd just set out some bait and wondered if his mom would bite. 

"Does that mean you plan on watching them again...if you get the chance that is?" Carol felt her pulse quicken as she waited for her son to answer. 

"Well yeah, unless you don't want me too." 

"You're too old for me to tell you what to do, besides, I don't think you would listen anyway. I saw the effect it had on you." She couldn't keep the smile from spreading on her full lips when she thought about how hard his cock had gotten while watching. 

"Come on Mom, you have to admit it was pretty awesome, way better than watching porn flicks." 

"Wellllll..." Carol said, the smile on her face widening. 

"Well what?" Jimmy persisted. 

"Okay, okay, you got me. I will admit that I did get a kinda perverse thrill out of it. But that doesn't mean it was right to be spying on them." 

"Does that mean if they do it again you want to watch too?" His voice was filled with hope. 

"Let me think about it," she answered, her mind struggling with the idea of allowing herself to be caught up in something so naughty and dangerous. 

Standing Jimmy glanced down at her and smiled. He was almost sure she was hooked. 

"I better get ready for school. I'll let you know what's going on." Walking over to her he bent down and gave her a kiss on the top of her head before bounding out of the room and up the stairs. 

Carol sat there sipping her coffee her mind in a state of confusion. She knew her son was playing her, she'd seen the look in his eyes when he glanced at her. Was he thinking that if his friend could have sex with his mom then he could do the same? Probably. What was really bothering her was weather or not if she were thinking the same thing. If Nancy could fuck her son then what was stopping her from doing the same to hers. Hell, he'd already caused her to have several orgasms, and that was without even touching her. She felt her pussy contract as the thought of Jimmy's hard young cock sliding into her pussy wormed its way into her brain. Gripping the edges of the table she rode out the wave of euphoria that coursed through her as the mental image of her son's cock slowly faded away. 

"God help me," she whispered as she stood on shaky legs and headed for her bedroom. 

Later that night after dinner Jimmy stayed and help his mom clean up the kitchen. When he tried to ask her if she'd made up her mind about watching again she acted like she didn't want to talk about it. She even got upset with him when he wouldn't stop nagging her about it. Deciding it was better to leave her alone he headed off to his room to do some homework praying that he hadn't pushed it too far. After he finished he spent another hour or so texting back and forth with Greg. Growing tired he stripped and climbed into bed only to hear a soft knocking on his door a few minutes later. When he said come in his door opened and he saw his mother standing there dressed in the red cotton nightshirt she sometimes wore around the house in the evening. The light from the hallway filtered through her garment giving him a perfect outline of her shapely legs. He felt his cock twitch as she strode over then sat on the edge of the bed. 

"I just came up to apologize for snapping at you earlier honey," she said as she reached out and stroked the side of his face. 

"It's okay Mom, I shouldn't have pushed it," he replied, reaching up and doing the same to the side of her face. 

"Anyway, I'm not sure it's a good idea for me to be watching stuff like that. It doesn't do me any favors," she half chuckled. 

"You mean it gets you horny," Jimmy laughed. 

"Yeah smarty pants, it gets me horny," she couldn't help but laugh. 

Taking a deep breath Jimmy decided to push his luck. "You could always do what I do." 

"Such as?" Carol asked, pretty sure she knew the answer already. 

"Masturbate while you watch," came his answer. 

"You mean in front of you?" she asked her voice gaining in pitch. 

"Why not? We'll both be too busy watching the action to notice what the other person is doing. Besides, it'll be dark in here so we couldn't see anything anyway." 

"Are you saying that you'd be playing with yourself even if I'm in the room?" 

"I was last time and you didn't seem to mind." 

"That's because I didn't know you were doing that. And another thing, for me to be playing with myself while my son is sitting next to me would be going way too far." Carol whispered conspiratorially as if someone might hear. 

"Fair enough, but I can't promise I won't touch myself even if you are here," Jimmy whispered back. 

"I guess that makes my decision easier doesn't it?" As she stood up her son's hand slid from her face and brushed against her breast grazing the nipple ever so lightly causing it to stiffen instantly. 

"I understand Mom, but just so you'll know, Greg said they were going to do it again this coming Friday around seven-thirty," he told her, his hand still tingling from where it had touched her breast. 

After his mom left he lowered his covers and began to stroke himself furiously. When his orgasm hit it was the best he'd ever felt. His chest and stomach were covered with a mass amount of sticky cum. Grabbing his shirt from the floor he wiped himself off then rolled over and fell into a deep restful sleep, a tiny smile etched on his lips. 

Carol wasn't so lucky. She went downstairs and drug her husband into their bedroom where she practically raped him. Nine minutes later a confused but very happy Charles lay next to her snoring away while she furiously shoved her fingers into her cum filled cunt hunting for that elusive orgasm that would rock her world. Thirty minutes later she lay on her back staring up at the ceiling praying for sleep to come. By the time it did two hours after that she had made up her mind about what she was going to do. 

The first thought Jimmy had when he woke up was it was Wednesday, only two days to go. He showered then dressed and went down to spend a few minutes with his mom only to find out she was still in her room. His dad was always gone by the time he woke so he had the whole place to himself. The urge to go peek in on his mom grew with the deafening silence but he knew that would be a mistake. Let's not do anything foolish he told himself. He still didn't know if she were going to come up to his room or not on Friday and he sure as hell didn't want to do something that would upset her. He headed off to school, a slight chubby growing in his pants as his brain mulled over the possibilities if she did come to his room. 

Carol lay on her back listening as her son moved around the house, once even stopping in front of her bedroom door. She prayed he wouldn't come in to say good-bye because she honestly didn't know if she could control herself around him this morning. The disappointing sex with Charles and the lack of getting herself off had only fanned the fires of her lust. If Jimmy came in she was afraid she'd do something she would regret. A sigh of relief escaped her lips when she heard the front door close. Slowly she pulled her hand out of her panties and got out of bed. 

The day dragged for both Carol and Jimmy. That evening Penny came over to do a load of clothes and hang out with the family. For some reason she sensed tension between her mother and brother. Several times she'd caught each of them sneaking a glance at the other when that person wasn't looking. It was odd behavior even for her brother, but she just figured Jimmy had done something to piss mom off. By the time she was ready to leave she doubted the two had said more than two words to each other. She didn't really give a rat's ass what he'd done and by the time she was back in her dorm she'd completely forgotten about it. 

Carol woke Thursday morning feeling refreshed thanks to the sleeping pill she'd taken before going to bed. She padded barefoot into the kitchen dressed in her cotton nightshirt only to find Jimmy leaning against the counter near the coffee pot. He told her to sit and he'd bring her a cup. When he joined her they talked mainly about his schoolwork and what his plans for the upcoming summer were. Nothing was said about Friday which made Carol happy. What didn't make her happy were the leering glances she caught him shooting her way when he thought she wasn't looking. After he headed out the door she happened to look down and noticed her nipples were stiff and poking through the thin material of her nightshirt. 

"Well that explains what he was looking at," she whispered, an odd excitement floating through her at the idea of giving her son a cheap thrill. 

Thursday flew by without a hitch. By Friday morning Carol had almost convinced herself that her son had forgotten about talking her into coming to his room. She had her morning coffee while Jimmy sat there eating breakfast and texting on his phone. He didn't even seem to notice that she was wearing her nightshirt. Maybe something had changed she thought. Maybe tonight's activities had been called off. Jimmy got up and left saying he had to use the bathroom leaving his phone on the table. When it chimed indicating a new text message Carol couldn't resist taking a look. She picked it up and read: Don't forget dude, 7:30. Placing the phone back on the table she stood and walked over to the coffee pot for a refill, a tingle working its way from her gut down to her pussy. The tingle turned into a spark when Jimmy came back in and grabbed his phone then stepped up behind her and planted a tender kiss on her cheek before leaving for school. Turning to watch him go she had to grab the counter to hold herself up. Her nipples were rock hard and she felt the moisture building in her pussy. 

Friday nights Charles worked late so dinner was usually pizza. By six twenty Carol and Jimmy had both eaten and he'd run off to his room. He hadn't said anything to his mom about coming up. He took a quick shower then went back to his room wearing only his boxers. 

Carol went into her room and ran a hot bath. Soaking in the tub she must have changed her mind five or six times about going to Jimmy's room. By the time the water started getting cold she still hadn't made up her mind. Stepping out of the tub she toweled off and slipped into another of her nightshirts, one she knew was much shorter than her other ones. Knowing that when she sat down her shirt would ride up quite a bit she debated on wearing panties but decided not to. Butterflies fluttered throughout her as she stepped out of her room then found herself headed for the stairs instead of the family room like she'd planned to do. Slowly she made her way up until she was standing in front of her son's closed bedroom door. With her hand trembling slightly she reached out and turned the knob, silently praying that it would be locked. It wasn't. Her brain screamed that what she was doing was a big mistake as the door swung silently open to reveal her son sitting on the far side of the bed staring across at the neighbor's window. It was lighter in the room than she would have liked but it was dark enough that they shouldn't be seen she reckoned. Closing and locking the door behind her she began to walk around the bed. She felt her son's eyes boring holes into her chest as she continued toward his side of the bed. 

Jimmy heard the door open and shifted enough to watch his mother step into the room. His cock stiffened slightly when she turned to face him and he saw how her nipples were pushing out the front of her shirt. Placing his hands in his lap to hide his arousal he shifted forward and glanced back across the way. Nothing was happening; Greg's room was empty. 

"What happened to the show?" Carol inquired, torn between staying or running away. 

"It's still early Mom," Jimmy replied, noticing the worried look on her face. 

"So we just sit and wait?" she asked preparing to sit on the bed next to him. 

"About that Mom. I think you should sit on my lap instead of the bed," Jimmy spoke hastily. 

Remembering the last time she did that Carol laughed and said, " I don't think that would be a good idea young man." 

Catching her drift he chuckled then explained that Greg had told him that the last time he could make them out sitting there. But since she had been sitting on his lap then Greg had thought it was just him instead of both of them. 

Horrified she blurted out, "He saw us watching? Did Nancy see us too?" 

"No. All he saw was our outline and that was because of the light from the hallway. Remember we had the door open? And don't worry about his mom, she's so nearsighted she couldn't see this far even with her glasses on." 

"Well then, since the door is closed this time he shouldn't be able to see me sitting next to you." 

"Do you really want to chance it Mom? I personally don't want him knowing that my Mother was in here perving on them also," he laughed. 

She didn't want that either. Realizing what he was saying was logical she stepped in front of him and began to slowly lower herself onto his lap. What she wasn't aware of was Jimmy had pulled his semi erect cock out of his boxers; it lay in his lap pointing toward his knees. As she lowered herself her shirt rode higher and higher until it was obvious to her that her pussy would be uncovered and sitting directly on top of her son's cock. Thank God he's wearing his boxers she thought. She felt his hands land on her hips as he guided her down. 

Jimmy became acutely aware that his mother wasn't wearing panties when he felt her warm soft ass land on his cock; her fur covered outer lips tickling the mushroom shaped head. His cock twitched upward at the wonderful contact of skin on skin. 

Carol gasped when she realized that his cock was out in the open and pushing upward into the crevice of her slit. She jumped up and spun around to face him. 

"What the hell Jimmy!" she snapped, her eyes settling onto her son's exposed penis. 

"I can't leave it in my shorts, it'll get too uncomfortable Mom," he pleaded. 

"Well I sure as hell can't be sitting on it," she shot back. 

"It'll be okay Mom," he tried to assure her. 

"Like hell it..." she started to say before he interrupted her. 

"Look! They're in the room," he almost shouted pointing toward the window. 

Carol turned and saw Greg and his mom locked in a tight embrace kissing each other passionately. Greg was being pushed backwards toward the bed by Nancy and when the backs of his knees hit the edge of it his mom broke their embrace and pushed against his chest sending him sprawling onto the bed on his back. Another gasp escaped Carol's lips as she watched Greg's mom sink to her knees and inhale her son's cock down her throat. So transfixed by the sight in front of her it barely registered on her brain that Jimmy had slipped his hands under her shirt onto her hips and was once again guiding her down onto his lap. 

Jimmy pushed his hands up his mother's shirt until they were on the soft skin of her hips. Gently he tugged her backwards and guided her down onto his lap where once again he felt his cock nestle lengthways into the soft furry folds of her pussy. Once she was settled in his lap he pulled his hands from her hips and snaked them around her until they rested on her tummy. Gazing over her shoulder he watched his friend getting what looked like a first-rate blowjob. Jimmy's cock began to slowly grow harder pushing his mushroom head forward through the crevice of his mom's cunt and getting closer and closer to rubbing up against her clit. 

"Jimmy...?" Carol softly whispered her eyes glued to the spectacle across the way. 

"It'll be okay Mom," he whispered soothingly into her ear as his cock continued to thicken and grow. 

She knew that wasn't true, she could feel her juices already leaking coating her slit and no doubt Jimmy's cock too. An involuntary moan slipped from her lips as the head of her son's cock pushed against her increasingly aroused clitoris. She was also aware that his hands were now higher on her torso pressing upwards under her tits. The rational side of her screamed for her to put and end to this before it got out of hand, but the increasing fire building inside her cunt screamed don't you dare. As the pressure from Jimmy's cock head increased on her aroused clitoris Carol began to gently slide her ass back and forth along the tops of his thighs spreading her cream over the length of her son's thick hard cock. Another moan jumped from her throat when Jimmy's hands rose and cupped each breast in their palms. 

He couldn't believe what was happening. His joy knew no bounds as he gently kneaded his mother's firm breast while his cock slipped back and forth through the slickness of her heated slit. Each time the head of his cock slid under her clit it twitch upward adding more pressure increasing the pleasure he was feeling. 

Across the way Nancy Norton released her son's cock from her mouth and climbed onto the bed. Holding his cock up she guided it to her opening and slowly sank until all of it was buried inside her. Throwing her head back she placed her hands flat on his chest and began to bounce rapidly up and down, her ass jiggling each time it slapped against his balls. 

Carol was lost in lust, no longer able to prevent herself from doing anything other than search for relief. Spreading her legs to either side of her son's she reached down between her thighs until her fingertips were touching the underside of his cock head. Pushing upwards with her fingers she forced his shaft deeper into her folds at the same time increasing the pressure his cock head put on her clit. With wanton abandon she increased her forward and backward slide on her son's cock spreading both her juice and his pre-cum over her engorged clit. A slight disappointment racked her when Jimmy pulled one of his hands from her tits, but was replaced with a heart stopping rapture when she felt him reach down and place his hand over hers then begin to help her push his cock against her clit. Faster and faster she slid along his length the fire in her cunt building until it erupted like a volcano. 

"Oh shittttttt!!" she hissed through clenched teeth as the most mind blowing orgasm she'd ever had raced through every fiber of her being. 

Jimmy was on the verge of coming himself but didn't get the chance. When his mother's orgasm hit she squirmed so violently on his lap that she forced his legs apart sending her sliding down until she was sitting on the floor. With her weight off his enraged cock it slapped up forcefully against his abdomen. 

Carol sat there almost in a catatonic state as her pussy slowly stopped contracting. When she finally felt able to move she rolled between her son's legs until she was on her knees looking up at him. The look on his face was priceless, a mixture of fear and astonishment. Her face was so close to his lap that she could smell her scent wafting off him. It caused her to shudder once more. 

"That was fucking awesome Mom," Jimmy uttered in a choked voice, awestruck by the raw sexuality his mother had displayed. 

Staring at the head of his cock she could see a drop of pre-cum leaking out and was overcome with the urge to taste him. Without saying a word she reached out and grasped his shaft in her hands pulling his cock downward until the head of it was pointed at her face. She watched his eyes grow wide as she leaned forward and wrapped her lips around the swollen head of her son's cock. The salty taste of his pre-cum assaulted her taste buds as she took more and more of his rapidly twitching cock into her mouth. When she started to gag she pulled her mouth back then began to run her tongue around the thickness of his head while her hand stroked his hardened shaft. His moans of pleasure served to fuel her desire to pleasure him. Faster and faster her hand pumped his shaft while her mouth slid up and down the bulbous head of his huge cock. She felt the stirrings of another orgasm building inside her until she heard the sound of someone knocking on the bedroom door. 

Jimmy couldn't believe that his mom was sucking his dick. He also couldn't believe how wonderful it felt. This whole thing with watching the neighbors had shown him a side of his mother he never dreamed existed. The pleasure racing through him grew and grew until he was sure he was going to explode in her mouth. The sharp rap of knuckles on his door followed by the sound of his dad asking if he was in there caused his sphincter to tighten and his cock to rapidly deflate. Fear clutched his heart in a death grip. 

"Jimmy, you in there?" Charles asked again, reaching down and turning the knob only to find the door locked. 

Stunned and scared shitless Jimmy turned his head to the door and shouted in a choked voice, "Yeah." 

"Why's the door locked?" his dad asked once more rattling the doorknob. 

"I'm changing Dad," Jimmy managed to squeak out as he felt his mother's mouth clamp down harder on his almost flaccid penis. 

"Okay. I was just wondering if you knew where your mother was," his dad said. 

"No, sure don't Dad," Jimmy replied, his voice almost back to normal. 

"Well thanks anyway, sorry to disturb you," Charles said turning and heading back downstairs. 

As his father's footsteps faded Jimmy suddenly noticed that his mother was giggling. He glanced down at her and saw she was staring up at him with a huge smile on her face. Before he could say anything she leaned in and kissed his limp dick then struggled to her feet and planted a quick kiss on his lips before walking slowly to the door. When she reached it she turned and winked. 

"Guess I owe you one," she whispered then left. 

Jimmy sat there shaking, wondering what would have happened if his mom hadn't locked the door. Glancing out the window he saw Greg pumping into his mother as she knelt on the bed on all fours. Even the sight of her huge pendulous breasts swinging freely under her did nothing to restore the rigidity to his shriveled cock. 

Before heading downstairs Carol went into Penny's old room and grabbed some of the magazines still lying on the dresser. When she reached the main floor her husband came out of their bedroom and asked where she'd been. Showing him the magazines she told him that she'd got caught up browsing through them in Penny's room. The look on his face told her he'd bought her lie. It also told her that he was interested in more than idle conversation. 

"You know I like it when you wear that," he said as his eyes roamed up and down her body. 

"Thanks," she muttered praying he wouldn't notice the tiny trickle of her juice creeping down the inside of her left thigh. 

"Want to have a repeat of the other night?" he asked, a lecherous grin spreading on his face. 

"Not tonight dear, I have a splitting headache," she said as she went past him into the bedroom shutting the door behind her. 

Charles groaned then went into the family room and plopped down on the couch. Grabbing the TV remote he began to search for something to watch. The ringing of the phone interrupted his browsing. Answering it he listened for a minute then asked a few questions before hanging up. Another groan escaped his lips as he went back to surfing through the channels. 

Carol woke Saturday morning to the sound of her husband opening and closing dresser drawers. Opening her eyes she saw him loading clothes into an open suitcase sitting on the bed. Her first thought was he'd figured out that she had been upstairs doing nasty things with their son last night. Fear clutched at her. She still loved her husband and didn't want to lose him even if he no longer satisfied her sexual needs. 

"What's going on?" she mumbled, a tremor in her voice. 

Charles glanced at her and apologized for waking her so early on Saturday. He explained that the office had called and needed him to fly out to Boston to handle a crisis. When he told her he'd be gone for three or four days he saw a look of relief flood her face. 

"I thought you were leaving me," Carol whispered when she saw the puzzled look on his face. 

Laughing Charles locked the suitcase and placed it near the door before going over and sitting on the edge of the bed. He kissed her lightly on the lips and reassured her that him leaving her was never going to happen. In the back of his mind he prayed that she didn't suspect he was taking his secretary Marsha with him to Boston. He would have a hard time explaining why he had booked only one room for both of them. Giving her another kiss he stood and headed to the door, a slight chubby rising in his pants. Turning to give her one last wave he saw her throw the covers off and spread her legs invitingly. 

"Want a quickie before you go?" she whispered in a seductive tone. 

Charles gazed at the soft tuft of brown curls covering her mound and groaned. The sound of a car's horn broke the spell he was under. 

"Sorry honey cabs here. Love ya," he said then picked up his suitcase and slipped out the door. 

Groaning Carol ran a fingertip through her slit and was surprised to feel that she was still wet. Another groan, one of frustration, issued from her lips as she yanked the covers back over herself then turned on her side and went back to sleep. Three hours later she groggily made her way to the kitchen and turned on the coffee pot. As she waited for it to brew she wondered if Jimmy was up. By the time she poured her second cup she figured that he was either still sleeping or was gone somewhere. She told herself that as soon as he showed up she'd let him know that what had happened last night could never happen again. Not because it was wrong, but because she didn't want their lives ruined because she was sexually starved. 

Jimmy had woken when the car's horn blew outside. He had no idea why someone would be honking so early in the morning but stopped wondering about it when his bladder told him it needed relieving. As he stood holding his cock in his hand pissing he realized that it was sticky from last nights activity. A smile stretched his lips as he climbed into the shower to rinse off. Leaving his boxers on the floor he padded back into his room and crawled back into bed. Two hours later he woke again but didn't want to go downstairs where he would run into his father, at least not yet anyway. Picking up his phone he shot off a short text to Greg and was surprised when he received one right back. 

Carol finished her coffee and went to shower before getting ready for the day. When she finished she stepped into her bedroom and instead of getting dressed she threw on a pale pink floor length silk robe. There really wasn't any hurry to get started on the housework she told herself. Going back into the kitchen she treated herself to a third cup of coffee and sat enjoying the peace and quiet. By eleven-thirty she was getting tired of waiting for her son to show up so she could explain things to him. Curiosity got the better of her though so she made her way up the stairs to see if he was even home. 

Jimmy lay on his bed naked, the blankets kicked to the floor. He placed his phone on the bed next to him because his thumbs were getting sore from texting with Greg. Placing an arm over his eyes he lay there letting his mind drift off. The image of his mom sucking his dick sprang to the front of his brain causing his cock to slowly fill out. 

Carol reached the top of the stairs and noticed her son's door was open. He must have left already she figured until she rounded the threshold. She let out a soft gasp when she saw him lying out on his bed totally naked. The room was just light enough for her to make out his semi erect cock laying on his abdomen pointing toward his belly button. Wanting him to get up she went around the bed and raised his blinds flooding the room with bright light. 

Jimmy lifted his arm from his eyes just enough to see who was in his room. His mom had her back to him so he lowered his arm back across his eyes and pretended to be asleep all too aware that she'd have a perfect view of his cock. That thought caused his dick to start to expand even more. 

Carol blinked at the light then slowly turned around. Her heart skipped a beat as her eyes settled on her son's thickening cock. Unable to take her eyes off it she watched it get bigger and bigger as her pussy grew wetter and wetter. 

"This is so wrong," she whispered, unable and unwilling to stop herself from kneeling on the bed and leaning over enough so she could run the tip of her tongue along the underside of his hard young shaft. 

Jimmy tried as hard as he could to pretend to be asleep, but when his mother's tongue reached the sensitive head of his cock he couldn't hold back the moan of pleasure that came pouring out of his mouth. 

Startled Carol sat back on her haunches and stared wide-eyed at her son's face. His eyes were staring back at hers unblinking. 

"Oh God baby, I don't know what came over me," she exclaimed. 

Jimmy grabbed his cock by the base and lifted up until it was pointing toward the ceiling. 

"Please don't stop Mom," he implored her as he reached up and ran his hand softly up and down her upper arm. 

The look on his face melted her heart. Powerless to deny him she reached out and took hold of his shaft holding him upright as she slowly leaned back down. She heard his breath catch in his throat when her lips curled around the purple knob of his cock. 

He watched mesmerized as his mother's lips drew closer and closer to his cock. When they finally covered the mushroomed head he felt like he couldn't breathe. For a split second his breath caught in his throat just before he let out a long drawn out sigh. He'd never felt such intense pleasure as he was feeling now. Bunching his pillow under his head he watched amazed as his mother took more and more of his cock into her mouth. Lifting the arm closest to her he began to rub her back while slowly sliding his hand downward until he was rubbing the soft globe of her ass through the silky material of her robe. 

She felt his hand land on her back and creep lower. When he reached her ass the tips of his fingers slid through the crack between her cheeks sending a shiver up and down her spine. She knew what was going to happen; they'd already gone too far to stop now. Leaning up she undid the tie that held her robe closed and shrugged it off her shoulders. Glancing at him she saw the look of hunger she used to see on his father's face. Before she could inch over and straddle his hips he sat up and pushed her onto her back then slid in along side her. 

He didn't think it was possible but when she took off her robe his cock grew even harder than it was. His eyes drank in her beauty. With the sunlight coming in from the window behind her it appeared as if her whole being glowed. He stared in awe at the way her firm breasts stood out on her chest, their light brown nipples stiff and pointy as if begging to be sucked. Sitting up he gently pushed her on her back then bent over and clamped his lips around the closest one. He felt her tremble as he worked his mouth from one taut nipple to the other while running his hand down her abdomen until he felt the soft down of her pubic hair. Desperately wanting to please her he began to kiss his way down her body. When he was low enough he reached down and spread her legs then shuffled up and over until he was lying between her thighs, his mouth just inches away from her pussy. The musk pouring off her rose up his nostrils stirring a desire in him like he'd never had before. Placing his hands along her silky smooth hips he lowered his mouth and began to run his tongue over her clit causing her ass to lift up and down on the bed. 

As her son's mouth closed on her cunt she felt her stomach flutter and her pussy contract. It had been ages since someone had eaten her. For some reason the knowledge that it was her son giving her so much pleasure seemed to enhance the effect his tongue was having on her. With each stroke of his tongue on her tortured clitoris she felt herself heading toward the ultimate orgasm. When it hit she almost passed out from its intensity. 

"Oh shit! Fuuuuuuccccccckkkkkkkk," she hollered unable to control her bucking. 

Jimmy couldn't hold on as her ass rose and fell on the bed wildly. Jamming his mouth onto her pussy he rode out her orgasm as best he could while her screams of ecstasy flooded his ears. As her bucking began to subside he glanced up and saw her looking at him through glazed eyes. Rising to his hands and knees he slowly crawled up until he was hovering over her, his hands placed just above her shoulders and the tip of his cock brushing against her sensitive clit. Her eyes stared up at him unblinking as he felt her reach between them and guide his cock to her opening. With a gentle push of his hips the head of his cock sank into her causing both of them to moan aloud, completely unaware of the pair of eyes watching them from the doorway. 

Penny had arrived with a load of laundry, but when she entered the house the unmistakable sound of a woman screaming out with pleasure caused her eyes to dart toward the top of the stairs. Thinking she could catch her brother getting laid she silently crept up the stairs until she was standing just outside his room, the fact that she hadn't seen her mom never entering her mind. Leaning against the wall she leaned in until she could peek around the doorjamb. Her breath caught in her throat and her mind refused to acknowledge what her eyes were seeing. There on the bed her brother was crawling up her mother his huge cock fully erect. Without even knowing she was doing it her hand slipped under the short skirt she was wearing and began to massage her mound. She had to bite back the whimper that threatened to gush out as the scene before her played out. 

Jimmy slowly pushed more of his cock into his mother, her heat surrounding him in a cocoon of slick velvety pressure. Slowly he pushed forward until all of his cock slid into the tight channel of her cunt. Lovingly staring at her face he watched her eyes roll back and her mouth open in a silent scream. 

Carol felt her son's cock push deeper and deeper into her stretched pussy afraid she wouldn't be able to take it all. By the time she felt his balls snuggle against her ass she almost passed out from the sheer joy of being filled so full. Reaching her hands up she cupped his face and gazed into his eyes. She could feel his cock throbbing inside her. 

"Fuck me baby," she whispered. 

Jimmy's lust boiled over from her words. He began to take long slow strokes fighting the youthful urge to hammer her cunt mercilessly. The sensations running through him were beyond anything he'd ever felt before. When he felt her legs wrap around him he couldn't control himself. Soon his thrusting became harder until he was pounding into her with enough force they actually bounced up from the mattress a few times. 

"Yes...yes...yes..." Carol chanted as her son's balls slapped against her upturned ass. 

"I love you Mom," Jimmy shouted as he desperately tried to hold back the release he felt coming. 

Carol felt her pussy begin to tighten around her son's throbbing cock as he plowed relentlessly into her depths. The intensity of her approaching orgasm built until it burst like a collapsing dam sending her senses reeling. Reaching her arms around him she pulled his body down on hers and ground her hips upward taking as much of his cock into her as she could. 

"I'm cumming," she screamed just as she felt her son's cock twitch violently and fill her with his thick hot sperm. 

"Uuuuggggggghhhhhhhh," Jimmy groaned as he felt his balls empty into his mother's soaked pussy. 

Penny could hear the squishy sounds coming from her mother's cunt as she watched her brother pump a few more times into her before collapsing. Fearful that they would notice her peering around the corner she turned and fled down the stairs. Her heart was hammering in her chest as she jumped into her car and took off down the street. 

When their breathing finally returned to normal Jimmy slipped out of Carol with an audible plop and propped himself up against his headboard. Carol turned on her side and rested her head on his chest letting her fingers dance lightly over his abdomen. Neither knew what to say. The chime of an incoming text on his phone suddenly interrupted their thoughts. Looking around they discovered they had been lying on the phone the whole time. Picking it up Jimmy held it so both could read what it said. 

"Oh shit," they both said as they read: Bravo dude. Mom wants to know when the next show is! 

Glancing out the window they saw Greg and Nancy Norton sitting at the foot of the bed. Greg had his phone in his hands and Nancy had Greg's limp cock in one of hers while she smeared globs of cum around her drooping huge tits with her other one. The smiles on their faces stretched from ear to ear. 

Knowing they were caught Carol said, "I guess if we get to watch them then it's only fair we return the favor." 

"What's fair is fair," Jimmy replied placing his hand on his mother's tit. 

Carol glanced at Jimmy then took his phone and typed in: soon 

Penny made it less than a block away before she was forced to pull over, unable to concentrate on the road. Visions of her mother and brother fucking clogged her brain. Reaching down between her thighs she felt how wet her panties were and moaned, the mental image of her brother's big cock fresh in her mind. She'd only moved into her dorm room so she could have sex whenever she wanted. Finding out that she could have gotten it at home all along ticked her off. 

"If Mom can do it, so can I," she said aloud. 

A smile formed on her lips as she put the car in gear and made a u-turn, the thought of her brother's big cock sliding in and out of her bald pussy sending shivers of delight up her spine.


to be continued....


For pics visit ---->> https://bit.ly/2ReHUJI
