Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 15/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
scot25 prompt : sing (as in Willow sings her little heart out with everything she's done!)
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

“He's asleep”. Sitting down wearily, Angel looked at Buffy, Giles and Willow who were all looking at him expectantly. “Spike's staying with him – in case of nightmares”. Giles nodded understandingly and passed Angel a mug of heated blood. Sipping at it, Angel sighed again, appreciating the warmth that flowed through him.

“I don't understand any of this and I think I've been really really patient, but would someone please tell me what the hell is going on? Giles – you disappeared and came back all Ripper-like; Angel – you and Spike are all over Xander like a rash when I know for a fact you hated him and he hates vampires. And Willow – I just don't get it, what is everyone going on about with spells and stuff?” Jumping to her feet, Buffy paced up and down in an agitated fashion.

“Right, well where would you like me to begin? I believe – and please correct me if I'm wrong here – that Xander no longer hates vampires. I'd go so far as to say he hasn't hated them in quite some time and we have been slightly blinded by our own feelings towards Spike and as such have missed how he feels about him. I also think that these er, feelings, have grown to include Angel. Would that be a correct estimation?” Eyes wide, Angel nodded – he hadn't expected Giles to be so understanding or so intuitive, and the Watcher went up in his estimation.

“Huh?” Brow wrinkled, Buffy remained clueless. Sighing, Angel realised it was going to take bluntness.

“Xander, Spike and I are in a relationship. Together. All of us.” For several moments, nothing, then her face wrinkled and he could have mouthed along with her when she said: “Ewwwww!!! I mean, oh my God!”

“Which part would be particularly eww Buffy? The fact that Xander is either gay or bisexual, or his relationship with Angel and Spike?” Giles' voice was stern, and once more Angel looked at the man. It would seem that his Ripper past included more that they had all realised.

“It's just – I mean, Xander's not gay for a start. And Spike – that's huge with the ewwwing. And then the three of you is just – I mean, Angel, you're not gay. Well you weren't. Or oh my God, was I some sort of camouflage?”

“Buffy, for a grown woman you can be incredibly childish on occasion. Spike and I do not subscribe to human labels – gay, straight – there is simply attraction. And there's nothing wrong with Spike”.

“Willow – back me up here will ya?” Willow raised her head, her dazed facial expression assuring Buffy that she would be no help whatsoever. “Just – GOD!!! What is going on?”

“Physically – how is he? I saw some of the damage that they did to him. Am I right that blood will heal most of that? Did they manage to install a chip or anything?” Turning once more to Giles, relieved to not have to face Buffy's prejudices, Angel happily changed the subject.

“”Physically it would appear that what we saw was the extent of what they did to him. It was merely preliminary testing that they did – from what Xander recalls Walsh was due to see him later and then things would have got a lot heavier. No chip, thank God. Mentally, I don't know – mentally he seems quite withdrawn, and even through the Sire/Childe link I'm finding it difficult to communicate with him”.

They all sat in silence, letting the potential long-term consequences of Xander's suffering sink in. Unwilling to let it go, Buffy turned once more to her friend.

“Willow – did you know Xander was gay?”

“Yes. OH!” Shocked at what had come out of her mouth, Willow looked at the three of them.

“What's wrong?”

“I didn't mean to say that”.

“Why not?”

“Because I stopped him. Oh my God, what is going on?” Slapping her hands over her mouth, Willow looked frantically around.

“Ah, I see it's taken effect.” Giles sat in the nearby armchair, steadily gazing at Willow.

“What's taken effect?”

“I put a truth geas on Willow after she did the spell at the Initiative. It's taken this long to take effect”.

“What the hell? Giles – why would you do something like that?”

“Because I think it's the only way we're going to get the truth out of Willow about all of the magic she's done on people without their consent”. 

Wrapped around the larger body, carding his hands through the shaggy dark hair, Spike purred. Xander was limp in his embrace but he knew he wasn't asleep.
“Ya gonna talk to me?”

“Hmm?”

“I said, are ya gonna talk to me? 'Tis obvious that there's something going on in that brain o'yours. Wanna share?” Sighing heavily, Xander rolled out of Spike's embrace, wincing as the fresh skin on his back was tugged by his movements. He blinked silently in the darkness, aware of Spike's patient gaze.

“You came for me”. His voice was low

“Yes”.

“You came for me”.

“Er, yeah, thought we'd established that”.

“You had each other – you didn't need me anymore. But you came for me – risked being captured again, risked everything and you came for me”. Stunned, Spike realised that Xander hadn't expected them to bother.

“Don't ya know how we feel about you?” Sitting up, Spike ran his hands through his hair. Of course Xander didn't know – when had there been time to tell him? “Xander – we love you, yeah? Angel wasn't messing with ya – he wants us, the three of us, to be together. There was no way in hell we weren't coming for you. We love you. I love you”. Looking up at Spike, Xander finally accepted that it really was true. Spike and Angel loved him. They really did. A single tear slid down his cheek, and cursing Spike slid down the bed again and pulled him into his arms. Laying kisses all over his face, he stroked his hair back. “I love you. Every single irritating inch of ya – belongs to me, belongs to the Pouf. You're ours – for now, for always, yeah? Gonna love you for always. What's it gonna take for you to believe that?”

“I don't know – I – I, no-one's ever really loved me before”. Sniffling, Xander pushed his head into Spike's chest in an attempt to hide. Refusing to let him do so, Spike tugged at his hair until his head came back, then looked him dead in the eye.

“Well I do. And when I love someone it's for keeps. I don't leave – ever. If I have to fuck you every day of the next decade to get it through to you, then that's what I'll do”. Snorting through his tears, Xander smiled. Trust Spike to bring it to that level – want to show you love someone but can't do the eviscerating thing? Sex would do it.

“Well – I guess that might convince me”. Peering up at Spike through his lashes, he watched as lust took over the sharp, even features.

“Want me to start now?” Blushing, Xander couldn't prevent the instinctive jerk his body made towards Spike's, arousal racing through him as his mind started to accept that he was alive, out of the Initiative and he was loved. By this gorgeous looking vampire who held him in his arms – loved and wanted.

“We can't – they'll hear us”.

“You'll just have to try and keep quiet then won't you?” Leaning forward, Spike took Xander's mouth in a deep kiss, tugging his body closer and throwing his leg over Xander's hip. Xander moaned and pressed himself closer, suddenly desperately in need of this – life-affirming, love affirming – he wanted to be as close to Spike as he could get. “Ssshhh, can't moan too loud – don't want them all to hear us do you?” His hips jerked at the thought of Giles, Buffy and Willow hearing him and Spike making love, a hitherto unknown kink unravelling as he wondered how much they would be able to hear. “Oooh, like that idea do you?? Want me to see how loud I can make you moan?”

“Oh fuck, Spike!” There were suddenly cool hands reaching into the back of his boxer shorts, squeezing his ass and pulling him closer, long fingers slipping between his cheeks and sliding/pressing over the tight pucker of his ass. Undulating his hips, Spike pulled him closer as he wriggled one finger into the tight hole, pushing in forcefully and pulling a grunt from Xander as he pressed steadily against the walls. Taking his mouth again, Spike pulled him closer with arms and legs, another finger digging in and twisting around.

“Want me to make you scream Pet? Let the world know you're alive and kicking, that they didn't beat ya? Know how ya feel – know how scary it is in there. Want me to remind you that you made it out in one piece? Push and dig and force my way in so you can feel it deep in your guts, know that I'm with ya, that you're not alone?”

“Oh fuck, yeah, God please please please”. Lost in Spike's voice, realising that Spike truly knew how he felt about the Initiative, about being left behind, being unloved, he relaxed and let himself go, trusting that Spike would keep him safe, now and always. Nodding, Spike rolled him over onto his stomach, pressing down on him and covering his body with his own. Opening his legs, moaning at the feel of Spike's hardness digging into his ass as he thrust his hips backwards, Xander gave himself over to his lover.

The loud moan from upstairs distracted them momentarily, but the three of them chose to ignore it as they continued to question Willow. Every question they had asked, she had answered. Unwillingly but truthfully. Spells on her parents to keep them out of her way, although they were hardly needed as the Rosenberg's were happier away from Sunnydale. The geas on Giles to stop him interfering in her learning what she wanted to learn. Her first spells on Xander – basic cosmetic spells that grew until she was able to cast the spell on him to adjust his sexual orientation.
“Oh God, Willow, how could you?!” Up until that point, Buffy had remained quiet, although she got paler and paler the more questions Willow answered.

“I did it for him! Do you have any idea what his father would have done if he found out Xander was gay? He was already hitting him – Oh God, I swore to him I would never tell anyone that and now you've made me!”

“You did it for him? You evil - “

“Angel – she cannot lie. Willow, was it just for Xander?” Flushing deeply, she shook her head.

“No. I – part of it honestly was to protect him from his father. But part of it was because I didn't want him and Jesse to partner off and leave me. And I thought I was a bit in love with Xander and it broke my heart to think I would never have a chance with him. But I swear, I didn't realise it was still working – well not really, cos I kinda stopped thinking about it”.

“Willow – Willow look at me. You've put spells on Xander and, God I hate to believe it but you've put spells on Giles. What about me - what spells have you put on me? And what was in that mug of chocolate you made me earlier?”