"David Tennant. That's right. That is the actor's name." Mo was proud she remembered. "This young man looked just like him."
"The Doctor Who actor?" asked Gerta. "Wasn't he also in a show where he was investigating a missing child?"
"Yes, Broadchurch or something like that. It had the actress in it that also played Dr. Who. Jodie Whittaker. The only Dr. Who to have decent teeth." She marveled at her wit.
Greta snorted. "You would think we had nothing better to do than watch British television. Have they found him?
"The child? Yes. He was injured, but should recover and be fine. Fell down an old set of stairs at an abandoned ranch.
"I see. I meant the inspector, however."
"He found the kid, so I guess he's a hero. The kid just needs to listen to his parents better. No need to pin a medal on some Limey for that. He broke his leg and has some scrapes. The nurses are all fawning over him up at Mercy."
"With those teeth?"
They both snorted and rocked with laughter. Some people just don't understand why people from the UK have bad teeth. Including people from the UK.

Rhett looked at the nurse fussing over his leg. She was a bit tough looking, but quite attractive. His opinion of Eastern Europe had changed dramatically since being brought on board for this case. The people here were very friendly and modern. The large, muscular, machine gun wielding Slavic female he was always led to believe lived here didn't exist. At least so far in his travels. He wouldn't mind if his nurse wanted to give him some roughing up later, however.
He was not sure what had happened to him. His doctor was happy to chalk up his wild tale to hallucinations after falling down the stairs and hitting his head. He was pretty sure that if he wanted to stay on the case, he would need to agree. They didn't want a raving lunatic consulting. It looked bad.
But he had seen it. There was no doubt in his mind.
Rhett was a profiler from London. The best profiler in Europe. He had a knack for getting into the mind of the psychopaths he hunted. He was very well known. He was convinced he could solve this case,
But he had never hunted something unhuman before.
How he ended up in this small Eastern European town had a lot to do with the woman who just walked into the room. Inspector Kaprik. He was hoping she would have given the nurses a chance to finish his dressing changes today. His back was healing but still needed care. The nurse attending it was quite attractive as well.
Inspector Kaprik had been given different redeeming qualities than looks. A brilliant mind was one. For this case she needed help, however. She brought in her comrade from the U.K. They had gone to the same university and worked many cases together.
"Does it really take two pretty nurses to change your dressings every day?" She asked.
"It takes three, but you cut the budget, you unfeeling man hater."
"Whoa! That biting sarcasm is back. We need to get you discharged soon."
"Very funny. What did you find in the archives?"
"Nothing. The ranch has been abandoned for years. The owners simply disappeared. That's not unusual given this country's recent history."
"No pictures of the owners?"
"Sorry pal. Your mystery babe stays a mystery. Are you still trying to argue she exists?"
"I sensed something in her. Something to do with the creature."
Inspector Kaprik looked at him sternly, then at the nurses still in the room. "There is no creature! Keep talking like that and you will be on tonight's train back to London. I'm not joking, Rhett. Ten years ago they were burning everything in sight and ranting about vampires or centaurs or something. That is not going to happen again. You found the child and he is fine."
"I don't think centaurs are related to any vampire mythology."
"You didn't hear a word I said, did you?" She shook her head. "You haven't changed a bit."

Miri drew back from the shadows. This was a bad place. She had to be sure. If she made a mistake, it could cost the humans greatly. It would also cost her as well. Most likely her life. Being immortal, she was risking a lot.
She stepped into the shadow again. The cave and it's occupant could not harm her. It was just unpleasant. Entering the cave was like entering the decaying body of some dead gigantic creature. The sickening smell. The slimy textures. She preferred freshly fallen leaves and clean rain.
Or the human Rhett. He was not like other humans. He smelled like bubbling brooks and pine trees. It was pleasant. The only bad odor came from his teeth. They could use a round of mint leaves or cloves. He had been unconscious, but those teeth didn't start decaying when he hit his head.
"You should have let me kill him, Miri." The deep, sultry voice came from all around the cave. She wasn't alarmed. Succubae always had to play their tricks.
Miri ignored her attempts to goad her. "The adult or the child, Illya?"
The succubus burst into view, her eyes ablaze. "I told you I did not kill the last one! I don't kill children. I have no use for little boys. I'm a succubus, in case you've forgotten, I fulfill the wildest dreams of men."
"Like his? What is he, 92 years old?"
"He is 60, mind you, and we are working on getting his shrew of a wife to leave him alone." The human was sitting on a stool and appeared to be in a trance. He couldn't take his eyes off of Illya's breasts. Most men couldn't. They were large and firm, with nipples that seemed perpetually stiff.
"And just how is that going? Will she come home to realize her husband has become a mindless zombie, or will you just kill him now and she marries the local blacksmith?"
Illya snapped towards Miri with sharp fangs. Her horns began to glow. "Do not mock me, you glorified gnome! I am not a child murderer."
"But all the same, Illya, I was in the neighborhood, as the humans say. I will be hanging around for a bit. They have lost another of their little darlings and we don't want him to meet a bad fate. The last one escaped, but this area is not a good place for the new one to accidentally stumble across. I'm not sure I believe your innocence. You do tend to tell lies, Succubus.
Illya leapt. Miri had no need for fangs or claws. Illya was instantly slammed against the wall of the cave and roots were wrapping around her throat. She was gasping for air. Her hind legs also became wrapped in roots and splayed apart. Miri probed her thoughts. Nothing on the child.
"You will ... pay!" Those were Illya's last words. The roots snapped her neck and split her hindquarters. The old man came out of the trance. He gasped in horror as the roots made Illya a permanent macabre decoration on the cave wall.
"Return to your wife and worship the very ground she walks on!" Commanded Miri. His awkward running was almost amusing.
She knew she couldn't enjoy it. She had to see Rhett. The corpse of Illya would eventually start to smell worse than her cave. There wouldn't be much time after that. The message had been sent.

There was someone in the room. Rhett awoke immediately. The windows had screens but were open and the breeze was cool. The drapes were moving, but that wasn't where the sound was coming from.
"Please show yourself," begged Rhett. "I know you exist. I at least owe you thanks for saving my life."
A soft face appeared in the moonlight by the door. She was pretty, with blue eyes that shone in the night. Her hair came into view and was tinged with blonde. It was Christine, the nurse he had been admiring earlier that day.
"Christine! You startled me. Why are you here this late? Don't you have to start a new shift in just a few hours?"
"I do Mr. Tepper, but I forgot something. I left it in this room, I am sure of it." She stepped out of the shadows and towards his bed. He did like the fashion in this country. A lot of jeans and leather. She had on a jacket, but it was open to reveal her breasts were covered with a skin tight Tee-shirt that read Aspen. She had to turn in order for him to read the full thing.
"I know you believe in her, Mr. Tepper. You call her name in your sleep. She saved you. Nothing else can explain how you survived the creature."
"Better not let Inspector Kaprik hear you talking like that. Seriously. You don't want to lose your job. And how do you know what I say in my sleep? You work during the day."
"We all are friends here, Mr. Tepper. Michelle told me, and is covering the door while I try to find what I lost."
"Covering the door? What did you lose?"
"My virginity. I intend to, that is."
He opened his mouth to protest, but thought the better of it. He was in a foreign country, after all. No sense risking a diplomatic incident by denying this young nurse her wish. By the time she had her jacket and shoes off, there was no risk of a problem at all.
"What does your shirt say?"
Did some women really fall for it, or just love showing their boobs off? She thrust her chest out and rotated so he could read the words. "Aspen," she said. "I've never been there before. It is some place in the states. I've heard the mountains are beautiful, but our mountains are larger."
"I can't imagine why anyone would think that," he joked. She reached down and peeled the shirt up over her head. He had never been so turned on by a yellow bra in his life. At least it seemed yellow. It didn't matter. His cock was rapidly rising to attention. She reached behind to unlatch her bra, but hesitated.
"You've been in here a couple of days, Mr. Tepper. If I take this off are you going to be able to last long enough to take my virginity?" He laughed. The curtains rustled.
"Shouldn't we at least close the curtains?" he asked. It was getting cold. Perhaps that was part of her plan. It had been pretty long. He really did want to last as long as possible. "Wait. You are right. Leave them open and leave it on. At least until I am inside you."
She removed her jeans but kept on her yellow panties as well. With his leg in a cast it was going to have to be her on top. His hospital gown did little to cover him as she lowered the sheets.
"Well, where have you been my sweet, strong cock?" she cooed. "Does that scary Inspector Kaprik get you too afraid to come out?" She lightly tickled the tip. The way she was talking to it was going straight to his pleasure zone.
He might actually have a problem lasting. His cock hardened to the point it nearly hurt. He was really starting to like this nurse. She climbed carefully over his bad leg and slipped a finger inside her panties to pull them aside. Slowly she lowered herself onto him. His cock was either very large or she really was a virgin. She was sopping wet but incredibly tight.
She gave a low moan and began to move up and down on his cock. Her eyes seemed moist. "Oh, Mr. Tepper." She moaned. He liked the way she said it, which was why he hadn't asked that she call him Rhett.
As she moved she continued to remain tightly wrapped around him. He wasn't going to last long. She was moving faster now, and looked like she wouldn't last much longer either. She reached down to unhook her bra.
"I am ready, Mr. Tepper. Please fill me with as much cum as you can." She let the bra fall completely. She had large, round breasts with pert, rosebud pink nipples. He had never been with someone who had those kind of nipples. He lost it. They came together, arching and grinding into each other. He was filling her with wave after wave of cum. She was clutching at her hair wildly and grabbing at her breasts. Her pussy was contracting and milking him for every drop of cum it could.
For a brief second he saw her. His eyes were closed. She looked like Christine. They were very similar, almost identical except for the color of their eyes. She smiled down at him and said, "Miri."
He opened his eyes and she was gone. Christine was definitely who was on top of him now. She was also smiling down at him. "Michelle is going to be so jealous," she said. Michelle was just outside. She probably heard everything.
He had a feeling he might be seeing more nurses during the upcoming late hours. He doubted they were all virgins, but he wasn't going to argue if they said they were.

She slipped back out through the window. She was disappointed she wasn't the one making love with him tonight. Was she falling for him? A human? After being in Illya's smelly cave she couldn't claim it was feeling in the mood for sex. She wanted Rhett. She wanted to make love to him, not just use his body to lose her virginity as the other human had. She was cute, however, in her infatuation with him. Miri doubted the woman was still a virgin. She was nearly 25 years old.
Rhett seemed to think so, however. Maybe now he would do something about his teeth. Miri chuckled as she remembered how he had tried to kiss Christine afterwards, but she politely declined. Should she just heal the problem? Doing so would be easy. He was a foreigner, however. It might cause a diplomatic incident if the Brits started coming to her country and going back with perfect dentition.
Their activity had provided Miri the distraction to get the information she needed. The recent child was not the second one to go missing, he was the fourth. The pattern occurred every 10 years. Rhett had saved the chosen child this time, but another had already gone missing.
That would not mean Rhett would be forgotten, however. He was in grave danger. Miri was likely the only one who had a chance of saving him.