It starts in the shower.
The water is warm, running over my face, pouring down my body as I tuck the loofah back over the shower head. I'm clean all over, smelling like strawberry and citrus. In these last few moments before I turn the water off I let myself start to get playful. The stream of water splatters against my skin as I slide my hands over my ribs, moving up to cup my tits. I smile, knowing where this attitude is taking me. My fingers pinch down on my nipples, tugging them slowly out, stretching them enough to be a pleasant tease. I sigh and hum from the sensation, my voice muffled by the running water.
I release my nipples and let my hands sweep down, following the tumbling droplets over my hips. One hand finds its way over my mound, rubbing just a little as I shift my weight from foot to foot. Okay... I don't want to feel like I'm wasting water. And there's more I want to enjoy that means getting out of the shower. I turn the dial and the water shuts off, gurgling down the drain.
I pull back the shower curtain and reach for a towel. Ruffling it over my hair, I watch my tits jiggle with the motion and I grin. I wish you could see me doing it, and that I could see your face. My cheeks are flush from the water and the fantasy, my nipples are still stiff and rosy from being pinched.
I set aside the smaller towel and grab the larger one, patting myself down all over, running the cloth over my limbs. To dry my legs I prop them one at a time on the edge of the tub, bending to rub them up and down. Again, I wish you were watching.
Finished with towels, I reach for the thin, silky robe that's hanging by the corner of the open door. It's a pretty, indulgent thing... soft purple with fuchsia flowers. I slip my arms into it and pass my damp hair over my shoulders. There are no ties and I let it drape open. It's not for modesty, but really just to enjoy the sensation of it.
With my hair towel in hand, I make my way into my bedroom, to my bed. I drape the towel over my pillow and settle into bed, lying flat on my back. My legs are spread and my arms are relaxed at my sides. My robe is mostly a blanket now, concealing nothing as the sun lights up the room and glows in a bright square on one wall.
I close my eyes against the light and bring my hands to my body, fondling myself. I start with my hips, feeling inwards to my belly and then dragging my palms up over my torso. I sigh and smile, at ease while I begin to grope my tits again. I squeeze handfuls of my flesh, moving my grip around in gentle circles. When the impulse creeps back in, I switch to teasing my nipples. Tweaking, teasing, pinching and pulling. The stimulus gives me slight goosebumps and I start to wiggle my hips in a crooked rhythm.
Even as the outside of my body is drying off, I can feel the start of wetness in the folds of my pussy. I continue to excite myself with tugs to my nipples and pauses to knead my full tits. Relaxed but feeling the build of arousal, I keep on writhing from the waist. My mind wanders to ideas of you walking in on me like this and I feel a pleasant blush while I drag my teeth over my bottom lip.
The moment is starting to feel less like idle teasing and more like the start of something. I consider whether I should ease off, whether I should save anything more for later in the day... but why? What's wrong with making the most of this mood? Nothing. In fact, it seems like the perfect way to take care of myself, to completely unwind.
Yes, I'm going for it. Choice made. Eyes still closed, I release my hold on my tits and let my left hand wander down my body. As I raise my knees, I plant my feet on the bed and let my legs spread open. My fingers reach to massage over my mound, rubbing gently. I can feel the slickness in my pussy as I move my flesh. I slip my middle finger down between my folds and sigh as I confirm how wet I've gotten myself.
I slide my finger against my pussy, touching just above my entrance and tracing upward to my clit. I make a small, pleased sound under my breath. As I repeat the motion, up and down, I start to let fantasy filter in. Now with two fingers stroking against the delicate, moist skin, I imagine that it isn't actually my fingers doing it. I instead conjure the idea of you, lying between my legs, taking eager lingering licks of my pussy.
I sigh your name to myself. Something that almost only happens when you can't hear me. Maybe it's a kind of unconscious incantation, a way of holding the idea of you more strongly in my head. Whatever the case, I let your name be exhaled into the unseen sunlight while I pet my fingers against my clit, dreaming of you savouring the taste of me. Sometimes I pause and press in slow circles, which spikes the intensity. Other times I put my fingers on either side of my clit, pinching and rubbing at once. I imagine the tug is you sucking on me and it makes me hum and rock even more.
My right hand has stretched away from my body. I bring it up over my head and excite myself further with the idea that you have me tied to the bed. I flex my open legs while I touch myself, thinking of how it would feel to be at your mercy. I breathe a deep sigh and let my chest rise and fall as I picture a sensual amount of struggling.
This time is turning out so good, but at the same time... not enough. There is an extra desire growing under the surface. While I writhe and sigh, I feel the primal need to have your cock inside me. There isn't a way beyond that to explain how I ache for it. Still stroking my pussy, I whisper "please fuck me."
I grin at myself and blush again. I am the only one controlling this game, but even so, I linger for a few moments on this desperation. I rub with lighter contact over my clit, revving the urgency up inside me. It's too much to delay what I want for long. As I reach for my dildo, lying in a nearby box, I wonder how you would react to me, how much more pleading you might want to draw from me before you gave me what I want. The wish to have you here, to find out, is a strong one. A familiar wish that I never tire of wishing.
I slide the dildo between my folds, back and forth, letting it get coated with my juices. The new weight and size of the contact is a pleasant development. I press it close and grind my pussy against the shaft. I consider doing this for longer... but flicking the silicone tip over my clit has me biting my lip again, mumbling a needy sound. I whisper again for you to fuck me, my voice slightly whimpering. I'm losing my self-conscious perspective and falling more into the abandon of my fantasy.
With my right hand, I position the tip of the dildo at my entrance, one final sigh of "please" to you before I begin to slide it in. The motion is firm but gradual, while my left hand moves gently over my clit. It's so good, both as the relief of my pent-up need, and the trigger for a new one. Now that it's deep in my pussy, I can feel new arousal heating up. I start to move the dildo in and out, thrusting it inside me as I rock my hips in an answering motion.
I find a comfortable pace with my toy, fucking myself while I rub my clit. I didn't think to play any music before I got into this, which I sometimes do. The sounds in the room consist mostly of my sighs, the rustle of my body on the mattress, and the different wet sounds of my pussy as it takes the thrusts of the dildo. My nerves are responding so well today, it's easy to find myself squeezing around the toy instinctively. Sometimes holding it tight, slowing the motions of my hand. Other times pushing it outwards so that I have to press more firmly to keep it in.
I picture you leaning close, kissing me as you give me your cock. The friction in my pussy is sweet and hot, urging me further from self-control. I sigh again, pleading "bury your cock deep inside my pussy." I give a small gasp as I feel an extra rush in my system. Something about talking that way thrills me. I have a moment of duality... wishing you could be watching me masturbate, even though I still want you to fuck me. I want you to know the things that start to tumble out of my mouth, the things I am never quite bold enough to say when you can hear.
Your name is in the air again as I writhe on my toy, lost in a dreamy passion. Your name, along with many gasps of "oh my god" and "please fuck me". I am starting to feel the intensity rise in my nerves, to feel the ebb and flow that is bringing me so gradually towards climax. The peaks and valleys cycle within me as my pace also cycles and staggers. I get lost in my own stimulation, unintentionally tormenting myself by losing focus at pivotal moments.
It occurs to me that I can ramp up the process if I go for my vibrator, but I cast aside this idea in favour of seeing where this experience will take me without it. I press harder and faster with the dildo, feeling the urge to spread my thighs as wide as I can. I arch in my bed, pushing my ass down, trying to keep fucking myself as I stretch my body and squeeze against the toy. My fingers are slipping around on my clit, keeping the pitch as I begin to sense that final peak approaching.
My motions slow a bit and I feel myself tremble with need. There are clashing thoughts in my mind. One part of me feeling like yes, this is perfect, I could enjoy this forever... Another part needing more and more, insisting I do whatever I can to get it. The greedy side is starting to win out, fantasy is dimming a bit in the demand for orgasm. All the same, I thrill myself with the idea that it's not just an orgasm, but one for you. One with you.
Closer now, desperately close and there is nothing but this lust. I whisper for you again, this time "please cum inside me". It thrills me to hear it and I tip so close, trembling again. From the back of my brain I remember the sound of you sighing and groaning in my ear. I am thrusting and rubbing and gasping "please fill me, fill my pussy with your cum". Memory and fantasy and this moment are swirling around each other.
I am at that crazy place, that absolute threshold... and "oh... my god" a breathy moan as I start to climax. My pussy clenches and I can feel more juices as I tense up everywhere and lose it. Shuddering and tingling and surging with ecstasy, I buck and tilt my head back and let the sensation sweep me up. It's perfect this time and gives me a smaller second peak of pleasure as the orgasm washes through me. I let go of the dildo, raising up both hands and probably looking like I'm trying to surrender to someone.
I let out long, slow breaths in the aftermath. My eyes open to the light again and I feel giddy and satisfied. I reach down and slide the dildo out from my pussy and put it back in the box. It needs washing, obviously, but I'm not getting up yet. I bask in the glow of a good playtime, humming a little and stretching with my hands above my head. As I wipe some sweat from my forehead I indulge, inhaling to smell the pleasant scent of arousal on my fingers.
As I start to feel calmer and sated, I grin again. Most of my hair is dry now, if terribly mussed. I pull my robe back up over my shoulders. As I sit up in my bed and let my feet dangle over the side, I think of you getting to watch all of that. What would happen now? Would you curl up in my bed with me for a lazy afternoon? Or would you give me just a small respite before taking me into another round? Both ideas certainly have their charm.