Alice really does plan on going to her rooms and having her clothing and toiletries moved to the suite, but she had another goal in mind first: A talk with the White Queen. On her journey through the Castle corridors, she prepares a list of things she wishes to discuss with the monarch; after the oddly delightful morning with Tarrant (even with Chessur there, and even though they hadn ’ t... the night before, it had still been... such a wonderful morning, with glances and small touches and the occasional bout of laughter and—!) she is finds herself in the odd position of having to remind herself exactly why she is upset with the Queen ’ s machinations. It works almost too well; by the time she reaches her destination, she wouldn't have been surprised if she ’ d been told that steam was pouring out of her ears. 

She knocks on the doors to the Royal Suite (a frog footman had helpfully informed her that her Majesty is nursing the effects of too many libations the night prior) and waits. The door opens after a lengthy pause, and, were she not in such a high temper, Alice likely would have laughed at the expression on Mirana ’ s face. 

“May I enter, your Majesty?” 

“Of course you may, Alice,” the Queen says mechanically, stepping back and holding the door open wide. 

Alice enters, trounces to an over-stuffed ottoman, and sits. “I am very upset with you,” she informs her, crossing her arms over her chest. 

Gaze flicking from the loose trousers and the much-too large shirt to the snarls Alice hadn ’ t been able to completely pick from her hair, the Queen floats over, hands raised, and sinks down into the opposite chair. 

“You think I behaved in a high-handed, inconsiderate manner, and would have appreciated my lack of involvement in the Courtship between Tarrant and yourself.” 

Alice blinks. In one sentence, the Queen had succinctly summed up the totality of her irritation. “Well... yes,” she says, watching Mirana warily. 

A sad smile flits across the woman ’ s face, and she sighs, her shoulders slumping. “I suppose stating that I believed my actions to be to both your and Tarrant ’ s benefit would be useless?” 

“Utterly,” Alice agrees. 

“Then what shall I do, Alice?” 

Tartly, Alice says, “You could begin by apologizing.” 

“Apologizing!” 

“Yes. It is generally what people do when they are sorry.” Despite herself, Alice ’ s mouth twitches in amusement. It seems the White Queen is unfamiliar with the concept of apologizing for one ’ s actions. 

Mirana ’ s mouth opens, closes, and opens again, but no sound comes out. Alice makes a show of settling in for a bit of a wait. 

“I ’ m...sorry.” 

The word sorry is slurred and strange tripping off the Queen ’ s tongue, but Alice appreciates the amount of effort it must have taken the woman to utter such a foreign word. 

“I ’l l accept your apology.... if you just answer for me one thing.” 

“Anything, Alice!” 

“Why did you do it? Why arrange things so that we could receive a Royal Favor? Was the plan all along to marry us?” 

Mirana rises, arms lifting, and begins to pace about the room. Watching the White Queen pace is like watching trained dancers float across a stage in Above; what had been drilled into them through precise, long hours of training is a nervous gesture for the Queen. 

“I had arranged the Royal Hedgehog Chase in hopes that you and Tarrant would win the Favor, yes. But I did not do it with the intent of marrying you, no. That came to be from the suggestion of a concerned mutual friend.” 

“A concerned friend?” Alice echoes. Who could have suggested such a thing? Bayard? Chessur? Mally? 

“Yes. Beniford saw... well, he saw what you and Tarrant meant to each other, and then he saw the strain the Courtship was putting on your relationship, and after the Lobster Quadrille...” 

Beniford? 

Who in Underland is Beniford? 

“Who is Beniford?” Alice cuts in, confused. 

“Oh! Beniford is the castle, Alice.” 

“The... castle. The castle... saw...” A series of images flashes through Alice ’ s mind, images of her and Tarrant in the Library, of that time she ’ d pulled him into a closet and been discovered by Chessur, and of oh-dear-sweet-Underland the hat workshop—! 

“After he told me what was happening, I couldn ’ t not do something, Alice. And you and Tarrant had won the favor. It seemed the perfect solution.” 

Closing her eyes, Alice begs for strength, and says, “The castle sees...” She could not get her brain to move beyond that point. “Why has he never spoken to me?” she asks. 

“Beniford is only able to communicate to me. It is part of being a Queen of Underland: If the Queen is true to her land and people, many creatures and objects speak to her that would not speak to others. Some particularly stubborn trees, this Castle...” 

“I ’ m honestly not sure how I feel about that.” 

“I would never use it to pry into your privacy, Alice, truly. Beniford came to me with this concern. I did not ask him.” 

“Well... alright, then.” Alice says, mollified. “Please tell Beniford that I do not appreciate his meddling, either.” 

Mirana nods. “He knows, Alice, and he apologizes as well.” 

Looking down at the arms still crossed over her chest, Alice says, voice softer, “I am sorry that I can not stay longer, but I should return to Tarrant soon, and I still need to get my clothing from my rooms.” 

“Would you like a footman to bring them round for you?” 

Smiling, Alice says, “That would be very lovely, Mirana. Thank you.” 

“It is the least I could do, Alice. Really. Do not worry. I shall arrange for both yours and Tarrant ’ s items to be taken to the suite post-haste.” 

Rising, Alice awkwardly curtsies to the Queen, and then takes her leave.