Edward's point of view. Edward domin ant:

~~o0o~~

I hadn't thought to see Kurt again although I'd kept an eye on his career. His ensemble produced occasional CDs, all of which I'd collected. So running into him in New York when Bella and I were there for La Traviata at the Met was a pleasant surprise. We renewed our friendship from the old days in New Orleans when we'd played together in a run-down bar off Bourbon Street. Bella liked Kurt as well. He wasn't a vegetarian but he was less feral than some, a likeable rogue who charmed her with a mixture of old-world Vienna, modern street slang and a lively talent for self-mockery. But then Kurt had always been hip and street-smart, whatever era or jazz scene he was inhabiting.

When Kurt invited us across to the festival in Munich we decided to go, just for two weeks. I was keen to work with him as I hadn't had a chance to play jazz piano for many years, and it would be entertaining to be part of a combo again. Musicians were such creatures of the night they barely noticed our strangeness, or if they did, they made less of it than other humans. In that scene we could be the cool ones, not the cold ones.

We took a suite at the Hotel Konigshof. Extravagant perhaps, but we could afford it and the privacy it afforded was important. During bright days we spent a lot of time there with the "do not disturb" sign on the door, and it could get loud at times. Plus the hotel was more accommodating about the occasional breakage, for high flying guests. When the weather was grey we went to festival shows or wandered about enjoying the street performers. My night-time sessions with Kurt's ensemble went very well, drawing big crowds, and I had a ball. I was aware of the other performers' thoughts of course, although it was more a wordless connection with the music twisting through our minds, allowing me to push the rhythms and shifts into new dimensions. Bella came to every show and afterwards we went clubbing with Kurt and others from the group, or back to the hotel. Bella seemed especially "responsive" after seeing me play jazz. I would have to give her some private concerts when we returned to the States.

~~o0o~~

One night, after a damp day when we'd explored Munich's museums so hadn't had the opportunity to wreak any more havoc in our suite, Kurt insisted on taking us out after the show to "broaden our horizons." I wasn't that keen to be honest - I'd kept catching glimpses of Bella staring at me hungrily as I played and I was more than ready for a session in our king-size hotel bed. Kurt drove us to a particularly seedy part of town, and sure enough, it was a B&D club. I remembered Kurt was into that sort of thing in the old days as well, so I wasn't really surprised to see the sign flashing "Beherrsche Mich" when we got there. Dominate Me. Bella's German was improving but she needed me to translate and I caught a small hitch in her breathing as I did. I wouldn't have bothered going in myself, figuring it would most likely be a sleazy disappointment, but she was curious. I reassured her we could leave any time she wanted.

In fact it was a lot better inside than the exterior suggested, quite well appointed, although with the usual cliched black and chrome decor and pile-driving techno thudding out at the far end. The music was almost raw noise but in a way it helped, as some of the thoughts in the club were difficult to tolerate. Eavesdropping on the darker side of the human psyche was a trial of my gift, and in this place the thoughts and imagery were exceptionally graphic. Bella was intrigued though, I could tell from the way her breathing quickened. And in this place, in her skin-tight black pants and cream satin blouse, legs elongated by what Alice called her push-me-over-and-fuck-me shoes...she was lovelier and more alluring than ever. I couldn't help dressing her up mentally in the red leather bodysuit that a flashy blonde dominatrix was wearing. Oh no - I took a sharp breath and turned to face the bar, afraid that my excitement at that image of Bella would be too obvious as I lounged back on my elbows. Luckily my long coat - what Bella called my "Neo" outfit - concealed the bulge in my groin until I had myself under control again.

Kurt introduced us to a few friends from the scene but the men irritated me by eyeing Bella in an obvious manner, their thoughts filled with appalling imagery about her, involving whips and handcuffs. I was close to taking the worst offender outside and breaking a few bones for his temerity, when he picked Bella's hand up and kissed it in a gross manner, mentally undressing her. I very nearly lost it then, and Kurt had to calm me down. He suggested we dance, and although I'd rather just have left, Bella was keen. She was so lovely to dance with, confident now, not at all clumsy. Not that that had ever bothered me, I found it endearing. But since her change she'd taken to dancing in a big way as she discovered her new litheness and perfect balance. Dancing was a joy for us now, and always a prelude to passionate sex, after tantalising each other. We'd worked up quite a dirty dancing routine and in this place, our sensual connection was even more intense. Bella was so damn hot and I couldn't stop grinding against her, no longer caring who saw how turned on I was. She was mine, and I wanted them all to know it. But she teased me, biting her lip in that way she knew drove me crazy, and after a couple of tracks I couldn't bear it any more and carried her off to the hotel. We managed not to destroy any more hotel property because we only just made it through the door onto the rug before going at each other in a frenzy. Our clothes took the brunt of it, shredded in our desperation to connect. It was even more exciting than usual, with visions of Bella in red leather spurring me on.

~~o0o~~

"Wow, that was hot," Bella whispered as I cradled her afterwards. "You seemed quite turned on by the ambience."

"You make me so hot Bella - God, if you could have seen yourself in those tight pants and spike heels - no wonder all the men were drooling over you." Worse than that, but I'll protect you from the more disgusting details.

"Apart from the gay ones - they were very taken with you in that coat."

She always teased about the way gay men came on to me. I guess it was the usual vampire glamour, the way we drew humans in with our scent. For some reason gay men were especially drawn to that dangerous edge.

"So did you like it then - the leather, the B&D stuff?"

More than I care to admit. "It was seeing you in that place that drove me crazy. The thought of you in red leather..." Words failed me at the thought of Bella in dominatrix mode and I started getting hard again. This was somewhat disturbing - but then she did have that effect on me.

"Not blue this time then?"

Oh God, the thought. Her pale lovely throat emerging from a rich blue leather bodysuit as she made me kneel before her.

"Jesus, blue leather - I'm not sure I could survive seeing you in blue leather. Oh Bella..."

I ravaged her mouth, growling with desire, mentally unzipping the blue jacket, her round breasts white and full in my hands. Oh my sexy love, I'm your slave forever.

~~o0o~~

The jazz club was closed the next evening and Kurt was excited by the way my mental connection with the band had pushed our music to new heights, so we'd scheduled an all-day practice session to rehearse some new numbers. Kurt hoped to record several tracks before Bella and I left.

I kissed Bella thoroughly at the door to the suite, memories of last night still fresh.

"I'll see you tonight Bella love - I can't wait." I pressed her hand to my groin to show her how eager I was.

"Stop that or you'll never get out the door. Go on, have fun with Kurt and the boys. I'm going shopping since it's raining."

"Good (kiss) have fun (kiss) and get yourself a treat."

"I might just get us both a treat." She pushed me out the door.

Hard though it was to leave Bella, I was happy that she planned to have a good time exploring the city's shops. She needed to indulge herself more, and we could certainly afford it.

I soon got caught up with the ensemble and the music flowed. Kurt had arranged recording studio time a couple of days before Bella and I flew out and I felt sure the new album would be a success.

Time passed quickly, and then I was striding down the plush hotel corridor, impatient to see my beautiful wife again, to hold her in my arms.

~~o0o~~

I could smell soot and hot wax as I entered and for a brief second I panicked, thinking there might be a fire, that she might be in danger. But it was immediately apparent that she'd created this ambience for us, and I felt a rush of excitement. I flashed to the bedroom door and there she was on the bed, seductive in blue silk.

"I like the new robe." My voice was husky already.

"Take off the coat and boots and come over here."

I needed no second telling, pulling her to me, but she seemed to want something else, holding me back and gazing at me intently. What? She hushed my unvoiced question with a finger on my lips. I kissed it, trying to seduce her with my eyes. What was she up to?

"I want to try something - humor me Edward, OK? Yesterday at that club, I imagined you in leather and I almost came then and there."

I grinned: "Me too." And several times since then as well.

"So, I've had a little splurge today, on some...accessories."

"You bought yourself a leather bodysuit?" I grinned. God yes, it was going to come true - and I was going to be paying for a lot of collateral damage to the room.

"I didn't just buy things for myself Edward. You know me, always thinking of others..."

The way she fluttered her eyelids was spectacular. And what it did to me - you minx, Mrs Cullen, flirting outrageously with your poor dazzled husband. But what had she said again? Oh - for me?

"What did you buy me?" I was excited and a little nervous. Where was this going?

"Not yet - you'll see soon. Edward, I want us to take turns in the roles, to see how it feels. And I want you to go first, to beherrsche mich...to dominate me."

My breathing quickened. Hearing those words in her mouth, asking me for that - It felt wrong, and right, and terribly arousing. Could I? I loved her too much to be harsh with her. But to be able to express the intense possessiveness I felt, the desire to own her completely. Mine. I shivered.

"You want that? Me being masterful, controlling you?"

"Yes, for now, to put the roles on and play a little. Remember how hot it was yesterday..."

"Mmmmmm." Only too well, and I wanted her badly now as she asked me to take her and control her. I kissed her, fucking her mouth gently with my tongue, longing for her.

"And then what, you said taking turns?"

"Yes, then it'll be my turn to dominate you."

Bella standing over me in leather. Mistress Bella. Jesus.

"If I let you." I had to make light of it, couldn't let her see quite how much I wanted it.

"Oh, you'll let me Edward...you'll want to let me."

The way she looked at me then, I knew I was lost. I shuddered, kissing her harder.

"For you my love, anything." And I mean anything. Do with me what you will.

~~o0o~~

She insisted on washing me, saying I must let her be my slave and do everything. It was so sensual, her hands slick with soap sliding across me as I just stood there. I gave myself over to sensation, feeling myself get hard as she soaped my cock, my balls, my thighs. In truth I felt more passive under her hands than masterful, especially when she dried me as though I were a child, but it was delicious.

Afterwards she led me to our dressing room and I saw what she'd been up to earlier in the day.

My breathing quickened and I was filled with a confusion of feelings. The leathers and boots were somewhere between butch and high camp, and I felt excited but a little silly at the thought of wearing it all. But the whip troubled me.

"I'm not going to hurt you." Never.

Bella was reassuring. "Of course not, but we can play the roles and still have fun. They're props, Edward."

OK, maybe I could do that, and she seemed to want us to try it.

"You're bossy, as slaves go." I couldn't resist teasing her, but it was also nerves. Could I act this part? What would happen if I did - where might it lead us?

She left me to change, saying she had to get herself organised. I was intensely curious to know what that meant. Drawing in a deep breath I pulled on the boxers then the leather trousers - an excellent fit, she'd judged well. They were remarkably soft and comfortable, but a little tight across the groin, which might be a problem later. The boots added two inches to my height and I felt like some sort of vampire rock star, but also ridiculous. I laughed nervously. No, I had to take this seriously and get in role for her. On with the jacket, like a second skin. I decided to zip it just half-way up, to tantalise her. The gloves, the whip (just a prop, Edward) - and I was ready. I turned and stared at myself in the full-length mirror. I looked dangerous, not at all ridiculous. It was more exciting than I'd realised, this dressing up. What would she be wearing? My slave. I experimented with the idea, quite aroused, but didn't think I'd be able to call her that.

I went into the main room of the suite where the candles cast flickering light. Standing with my legs braced, trying to look masterful. I really wanted to see her now, powerfully curious. Here goes.

~~o0o~~

"Bella! Come here." I tried to sound commanding. On a sudden impulse I slapped the whip against my gloved palm menacingly.

She came into the room. Then stopped, looking stunned, her eyes dilating. Oh Bella, yes. Her beautiful legs in silky black stockings, those sexy high heels, and the too-short maid's dress and apron, low cut to show off her breasts. It was wonderful and funny, and so damn hot. My cock stirred. How I wanted her.

"I said come here." Suddenly I knew exactly what I wanted her to do.

Tilting her head up, stroking her breasts lightly with the whip.

"Nice outfit. Now you're going to take it off for me."

I could see her thoughts racing as she realised what I meant. Yes Bella, you're going to strip for me. And I had just the soundtrack. I found it quickly and set the classic Joe Cocker number playing.

"Strip, Bella, and do it slowly." I tried to be forceful, holding her gaze. "If you're a good girl you might get a reward." Oh yes, most definitely.

I sat back to enjoy the show, an arrogant look on my face, my legs apart.

She was good, teasing me as she slid each garment off, bending over to flash me a glimpse of her garter belt, and the way she took off her bra and shook her hair back, thrusting her breasts at me! My cock swelled inside the slick black leather and I ached for her. She slipped her heels off one by one to remove the stockings, putting her leg up on a gilt baroque chair to slide each of them off. Oh God, her panties were slit and I could smell her excitement. I was hard now, my cock straining, painfully confined. Soon, soon. She slipped the shoes back on and hooked her thumbs in the sides of her panties. No, not quite yet. I turned the music off with the CD remote.

"Come here." It was hard to talk. She came into the crook of my legs.

"Dance for me." My very private dancer.

It was so erotic as she lap danced on me, and when she rubbed her breasts across my swollen crotch I thought I'd lose it. Then she bent over - dear Jesus - and her scent was intense, her cunt right before me, begging me to take her. I reached for her helplessly. No. I was the master here, I had to control her.

"No, you haven't earned that yet."

She looked disappointed. Soon my love.

"Shall I relieve the pressure Master?"

Oh yes. Suck me off Bella, my sweet sexy slave.

"Yes." I could barely form words. "On your knees slave, now."

The relief was intense as Bella freed my cock from the tight leather and I moaned as she took me into her mouth - so good, her hot eager mouth. I wasn't going to last long. I pumped myself into her - I was barely in control, excited by her passivity and the sight of her kneeling before me, sucking me. Holding her head I fucked her mouth hard, filled with an urgent need to possess her utterly. I came in her throat convulsively, groaning with pleasure.

She caressed me with her tongue one last time, fastening me again.

~~o0o~~

I looked down at her kneeling before me as though she was praying.

So submissive.

"Very good, Bella. You've pleased me, so now you will have pleasure as well. Take the rest of your clothes off and lie down on the bed." And then I... No, not quite yet.

She went obediently and lay there, on her back.

I came to the foot of the bed and divested myself of boots and clothing, all but the trousers.

"Spread your legs."

She was so trusting. The memory of her trust in me as a human flooded in, adding to the poignancy.

"Wider."

So open to me.

"Master?"

Of your heart my love, as you are of mine.

"Touch yourself Bella."

She looked at me questioningly - we had never done this before.

"Touch yourself now for me, you know you want to."

Do this for me.

And she did.

"Touch your breast too."

I had to be closer to her, had to kneel over her on the bed. She was utterly abandoned, holding nothing back, giving herself to me, so open. My cock was hard again, uncomfortably swollen. I unzipped and stroked myself, barely aware what I was doing, trapping her gaze as I knelt over her.

"Make yourself come for me Bella."

And at my words, she did.

I had to have her now, aroused beyond reason, beyond thought.

My last garments tore away and I was at her feverishly, kissing and biting her breasts, her neck, my fingers driving into her cunt even as she rode her last spasms.

"No, too much, too much," she whimpered.

Ah but she was mine and I would have her. Mine.

"Yes Bella, too much, but you want me don't you...You want your master inside you." I could feel it.

"Yes, oh inside me now yes." Sobbing. "Master take me now, take me...beherrsche mich!"

So hot, so wet, oh Bella.

Yes there inside you now.

In you, take you, fuck you.

Mine, Mine, Mine!

Rutting her, riding her, mindless as the fire tore through me, emptying me utterly.

~~o0o~~

It was minutes before we could even speak.

"Fuck." I was obliterated, a shell.

"I think I like that," she whispered, kissing me.

I pulled her close and cradled her, tender and despairing.

"Oh Bella, Bella, what am I going to do with you?"

"Fuck me again?"

I laughed, desperate. "You got that right."

"My turn tomorrow, my love."

Mistress of my soul. Oh yes.

~~o0o~~