Our Long Overdue Weekend Getaway
By Cole Knight (chknight4@gmail.com

They had been planning this getaway for weeks and it was finally here. After much screening his wife had found the right guy to join them to explore his wild side. This weekend was all about him, well, almost (M+F, M+M, Bi, Wife, Creampie, Anal)

I was waiting in the room for my wife Jill to text me when she was on her way back up. She had gone down to meet our prospective suitor for the evening's fun and I had stayed back cleaning up and getting things ready. We had been planning this weekend's events for a number of weeks and had found our new friend via a Craigslist advertisement. It was a short, simple ad that the two of us put together. 

It read: "Couple coming to town for the weekend. Looking for a bi male who is interested in using us both."

We got plenty of responses but only a few of them panned out as being real people who fit what we were looking for and now she was down stairs meeting one of them. I had drinks and glasses out and had already topped off the ice bucket. I had some select toys that we probably would not be using along with some lubes and other necessities. While I waited, I made myself a drink and flipped through the porn library that I brought. It was taking a while so I texted Jill and asked if everything was ok, which she replied it was and for me to just be patient.

With that I went ahead and jumped into the shower and cleaned up. When I got out she still had not texted so I made myself another drink and laid down on the bed. I found one of my favorite videos and fired it up while I sipped my drink and rubbed myself a little. The video came on, "9 Inches for the Wife" is what it is called. I got it off xhamster. In the video, there is this beautiful woman who is getting fucked by this guy with a huge dick while her husband films. She has this contagious smile and giggle. One of my favorite parts was before the guy starts feeding his dick into her, she is saying something. Then he rubs his dick over her clit and down her pussy lips, she stop mid-sentence, rolls eye eyes back and starts to moan immediately. 

The video was just about over when Jill texted me and said she was on her way up. I got out of the bed and stood in front of the TV naked rubbing my cock. Right then the husband in the video told the guy to "fill her pussy up!" I could have come right then, but didn't. I flipped on another video, a long one that would run for a couple hours, took a wipe to my pre-cum covered cock to clean it off and slipped on a bath robe. Just as I was topping off my drink I heard the door lock spin and the door open.

Jill walks inside with a man directly behind her who was followed by another man. "Well this is unexpected," I said to her as they passed me and entered the room. I locked the door behind them. Back in the main room I joined the three.

Jill said," This is Bill and Ron." I shook both their hands and introduced myself to them. I recognized them both as men from our ad, but I did not expect to see them both here, and least not at the same time. "There was a scheduling conflict. Both Ron and Bill could be here tonight so I decided that I would meet them both. They agreed that I could pick one and the other would be fine just going on their way." She then paused and smiled at me, "As you can see, I could not choose."

We all laughed at her comment and I offered to make drinks for everyone. We drank and talked for a while. We shared stories and talked. I was seated in the chair opposite the bed while Jill and the two men were sitting at the foot of the bed. After a few rounds and some more chatting Bill began to touch Jill. First her leg, then up to her thigh and before long he was rubbing her breasts over her cloths. Ron was a little slower to the game, but when he saw what was going on, he started touching Jill too and began kissing her. My cock grew under my robe.

"Ok, let's take a breather," Jill announced as she stood. "Let's go take a shower boys." She said pulling them with her into the bathroom. I stood to watch them go inside and I heard the water come on soon after. Then Jill came out and gave me a big kiss on the mouth, reached inside my robe and tugged on my cock for a few seconds. "We won't be long," she said as she turned and walked back into the bathroom. 

I finished my drink, took off my robe and sat down at the head of the bed with the pillows behind me. A few minutes goes by and I hear the water shut off and three wet and naked bodies come out. Jill was the first to climb into the bed and she moved right up next to me. We both lay down together and the two men stood at the end of the bed. She looks at each of them then to me. She points to Bill then to her crotch. She then points to Ron and to mine. Together, both men crawl up into the bed to each of us. Jill spreads her legs and Bill lowers his face to her crotch and begina to eat her. Ron comes to me and begins to suck me.

I closed my eyes and dropped my head into the pillow as Ron begins to take my cock in his mouth. It feels good, different, but very good. After a few minutes of sucking me he places his fingers below my sack, above my anus and pushes, rubbing firmly in small circles. I can feel the pressure on my prostate under his fingers, it feels incredible. I spread my legs and lift my ass up a little to enjoy it even more. Jill has already came by now and when I open my eyes they are both watching Ron and I.

I stop Ron knowing that he is going to make me cum any second now and he and Bill leave me and Jill in the bed once again. Jill scoots back a little and spreads her legs. "Your turn," she says to me signaling me to eat her. I get down on my hands and knees, close my eyes and start to lick her. She tastes so good and I just love the way her body moves under me when she is being eaten out. I feel a hand wrap around my still hard cock and start jerking me while I suck on Jill's pussy. A few moments later a lubed finger starts to circle my ass. Slowly someone behind me begins to work my hole, massaging the muscle until they can get a finger inside. I stop sucking on Jill for a second while he puts another finger in me, then I start eating her again.

I feel the bed shift and open my eyes to find Ron walking on his knees up to my wife's mouth so that she can suck his dick, which of course she does.

I am enjoying the feeling of the fingers working in me when they are removed, but immediately replaced with something else. I look under me and can see Bill has moved himself behind me and must be lining his cock up to me. Sure enough, I can feel him pressing forward, slowly stretching my ass. I take a deep breath and push back at him a little trying to let him in easier. He continues to press in, then pull out a bit, never going all the way out. He keeps this up for a few minutes until finally I feel him pass my inner sphincter and slip inside, all the way inside. I gasp over the initial painful pleasure of it, adjust myself and begin licking Jill again. Bill begins to fuck me.

The feeling of this cock in my ass is like nothing I have ever felt. It is nothing like a toy or a finger. They are hard and unforgiving, while a real cock can change form, changing shape as it comes in and goes out. Ron has picked up his pace now and is really started to fuck me, it is feeling so good. I reach down to find my cock is dripping of pre-cum. 

Jill moves form in front of me and Ron takes her place putting his cock right in front of my face. I open my mouth and take him inside. Jill sits back on the side of the bed, sips her drink while she watches her husband taking a dick up his ass and one in his mouth.

Bill is now fucking me hard, pound his cock into my ass, pushing me forward onto Ron's dick with every thrust. Both men are moaning loudly. My eyes are still closed as I am trying my hardest to concentrate on the pleasure I am getting, while still sucking on Ron's cock, but it is just too much. I feel Ron move up and out from under me and Bill stop fucking me, leaving his dick in me. I open my eyes to discover Jill is standing at the side of the bed and has directed them both to stop. 

"On your back baby," she says to me. As I move Bill's cock comes out of me. I do as instructed, roll over on my back. Jill straddles my face planting her pussy right over my mouth, I begin licking her. She bends forward and pulls my ankles up, lifting my ass of the bed enough that she can stuff allow under my hips. I feel the bed below me move once again and Bill has lined his cock up to my ass, he puts it back inside, this time just forcing it in and begins fucking me again. Oh my god this is so good.

I feel the bed move above me. I open my eyes to see Ron above me lining his cock up to Jill's pussy. I move my head aside, he enters her and right away begin just pounding her hard. I stick out my tongue and lick her clit and his shaft as it goes in and out of her. His pace if very fast and Ron starts to match it. Both my wife and I are now both getting fucked, and fucked hard! Looking up I have a perfect very and Bills' sack. It is literally inches from my nose as he fucks Jill. I notice it start to pull up to him and know he is about to drop his load. He tightens up and grunts. I can see his shaft getting thicker around my wife's pussy lips. With each pulsation he drops his cum inside of her until he is spent.

He pulls out and Jill immediately lifts herself upright and lowers her gaping hole right over my mouth for me to eat her clean, which I haply do. As I am lapping up the cum and juices out of her she is fingering herself, bringing herself to orgasm after orgasm. Ron is now fucking me hard, ready to finish, he tenses up. I feel his cock expand in me and the warm jets of cum coat my bowels. I never understood what it was that my wife got off so much when someone came inside her until that moment. His hot cum was a few degrees warmer than me and it felt like a sticky hot jets from the inside. With everything that was going on, I came shooting my load up into the air and all over myself and Jill.

Jill collapsed on top of me as Ron pulled his dick form my ass. I was exhausted. 

After we cleaned up and had another drink, Ron and Bill left Jill and me to ourselves. We talked for a while and went to bed. As I was turning out the light I said to Jill, "I don't know how you are going to top that for tomorrow night."




