In the midst of kissing an eager Lucius Malfoy, who had pressed him against the wall behind the tapestry hanging in his formal dining room -- even though there was no one in the house who might have seen them, save for elves -- Severus finally understood why Lucius had wiped his memory of the first time Lucius had fucked him. It wouldn't have been the sex. Lucius would have gloated over that. No, Severus was quite certain...Lucius must have kissed him.

"Mmm," the older wizard purred, crushing Severus against the decorative metal supports of the tapestry. Since that first, reluctantly granted kiss, Lucius had demonstrated a delight in kissing. He had also displayed impressive stamina and an enthusiasm for the subtle pleasures of the act that Severus had not expected. While they were touching, Severus ached to be possessed by him; no matter how many times he implied that Lucius' harsh treatment of him might drive him away, he had no will to leave, and worse, he suspected that Lucius had realized it.

"Did we do this the first time, when you made me forget?" he asked between kisses as Lucius paused to unfasten Severus' robes, sliding a hand inside. At the older man's hesitation he pressed, "That's why you made me forget, isn't it."

Nodding, Lucius withdrew his fingers from the path they had been tracing down Severus' ribs. Severus groaned inwardly. It was always the same; he needed to know, but any challenge was liable to make Lucius angry; on the other hand, challenging Lucius was the only means to earn his respect, and led to rewards like that first remembered kiss. Fighting the urge to apologize in the hope that Lucius' fingers would go on stroking him, Severus glared. "Do you hate me so much?"

With a sigh Lucius shook his head. "Don't be childish. You hand power to me when you step into my room. How could you respect me if I did not take advantage of that?"

"You aren't so insecure that you can only fuck someone who's utterly in your thrall. I think you respect me more when I'm treating you as badly as you treat me."

There was approval of the parry in Lucius' smile, though his look also signaled danger. "You will not speak to me that way," he said calmly. "Your opinion of me matters very little, but I will not be mocked in my own home. I don't require you to be a simpering lapdog -- I have enough of those -- and I have never forced you to do anything."

"You want a lapdog that bites, but still a lapdog," snapped Severus, though he could not hold back a shiver as Lucius trailed a finger down his spine. "Why don't you put a silencing charm on me?"

"Because," Lucius replied, enunciating each syllable carefully, "if I did, I couldn't hear you scream and beg when I fucked you. And I am going to fuck you, Severus." The hiss had not died on his breath before it was cut off as he brought their lips together again and claimed Severus' mouth with his searching tongue. "Now, unless you have not had enough dessert, let's go upstairs."

Lucius' kisses left Severus breathless; they were calculated to do so, yet it was impossible not to notice that Lucius enjoyed them as well. Now that it was apparent he considered pleasure a vulnerability, Severus took as much advantage as he could, kissing him back, sucking at his lips and tongue, until Lucius emitted a soft surprised moan. Drawing back, Severus glanced at the half-closed eyes and parted lips, saying, "Suppose I want to do it the other way."

"Dessert first?" It took a moment for Lucius to bring him into focus and understand his meaning. Then Lucius' eyes widened, mouth twisting contemptuously. "I will not submit myself to being fucked."

"'Submit.' Ah." With a scowl Lucius pulled away, and Severus said sincerely, "I'm sorry."

"You should be. How dare you suggest such a thing."

"I wasn't apologizing for suggesting it. I'm sorry you see it as submission rather than something we both know feels very good. Is power the only pleasure you can feel?"

Although Severus had braced himself for a scathing remark, perhaps even being labeled a whore again, Lucius appeared to be pondering the question for a moment before his eyes narrowed. "Surrender to pleasure is still surrender." With no more than a glance at Severus, he straightened and turned. "Come upstairs now."

The suite of rooms in which Lucius slept, dressed and kept his belongings was larger than many homes, including Severus' own. Lucius would, of course, inherit the entire estate and would likely move into a different wing once he married, but at present he spent most of his time in a high-vaulted chamber dominated by a vast bed hung with draperies. The foot of the bed faced a wall of mirrors, some set at angles, which hid closets nearly as big as the room itself. All of Lucius' favorite positions for fucking seemed to involve being able to see his reflection in a dominant position, though when the curtains were drawn he allowed Severus to ride him, face to face, shamelessly touching and stroking. When Severus lost control and spurted onto his belly, Lucius would rub the hot liquid into his own skin, groaning with what sounded like surrender to pleasure.

This night, however, would apparently require open curtains, for Lucius had had them bound elegantly to the bedposts with long cords and the candles on the back wall had already been lit. Severus undressed quickly and efficiently, folding his clothing onto the corner of a sofa, feeling Lucius watching him; he knew better than to approach the bed itself until invited. "I have something special planned for you," the older man announced, dropping his elegant robes haphazardly over a chair but retaining his wand. "Why don't you get onto the duvet and I'll show you."

Obediently Severus climbed onto the thick mattress, facing the wall of glass so that he could watch Lucius move behind him, bending to suck on his neck and sending a sweep of soft hair across his shoulder and chest. The pressure continued until Severus could feel the skin bruising. He made a quiet noise of warning, and Lucius bit down as he detached his lips, ensuring that the mark would show. Lucius' eyes met Severus' in the mirror; it was apparent that he was smiling even before he lifted his lips to show the teeth.

"Stand up," Lucius ordered, urging Severus to his feet near the edge of the mattress where he wobbled for a moment before the long ends of the cords that held the curtains to the bedposts suddenly whipped out, wrapped themselves around his wrists and pulled his arms taut. It was not precisely uncomfortable -- his muscles were scarcely being stretched, and whatever spell Lucius had used to suspend the twisted cords seemed to be supporting his arms as well -- but it was a position that left him entirely vulnerable, unable even to summon his wand. To keep his balance on the mattress, Severus was forced to spread his feet, inspiring a chuckle from Lucius who slid a hand along an exposed inner thigh. "So eager already?"

The fingers tickled; Severus twitched. He did not object, particularly, to having his wrists bound, and wouldn't have expected Lucius to ask for his permission to do so, but the image of himself spread-eagled and vulnerable in the glass caused him to grow tense, uncertain why Lucius required this particular form of submission at this time. "What are you doing? You can't make me touch myself like this," he reminded Lucius, who sometimes enjoyed taking his own pleasure before making Severus bring himself off with his own hand, watching in the mirror with condescension in his smile.

"Tonight I have something else in mind." Rising to his feet, Lucius stilled the shifting mattress with a charm, then moved in close behind Severus, putting an arm around him to stroke the wand like a fingertip from his chin down his torso to his twitching cock. Winking over his shoulder in the mirror, Lucius smirked, "What I'd like to do is to put an Immobilus spell on you and fuck you just like this."

A spasm of fear twisted Severus' belly. He managed not to let it alter his expression, but it made him break out in a sweat. Used in such a manner, Immobilus could be nearly as dangerous as cutting off someone's oxygen just before climax. It was said to heighten the experience -- being unable to move any muscles but the ones being directly stimulated by one's partner in the act -- but since it was impossible to scream or writhe or struggle, people were often bruised or injured by careless partners, and on rare occasion the inability to move caused one's blood or air flow to be cut off, leading to more disastrous consequences.

When Lucius approached orgasm, his naturally selfish nature became entirely focused upon his own desires; he could not be trusted to notice a partner in distress. What was more, this had the feeling of being a test, as if Lucius wanted to see whether Severus would allow him this much liberty. Saying yes to Lucius too quickly or easily could be just as damaging as denial; as Lucius had said, he had enough lapdogs already. It was impossible to tell at the moment whether this was a challenge, a long-planned enactment of a fantasy or a whim of the moment from which Lucius might become distracted. It did not matter: it went too far. There were some risks not worth taking.

"No," grated Severus.

"Did you say...no?" Smiling as if it was merely a game, Lucius prodded the wand into his navel. "But you are hardly in a position to argue."

"I did say no!" This time Severus was more emphatic. "I don't want this."

"But why not?" There was surprise rather than anger on Lucius' face, or at least it appeared so in the mirror, reversed and therefore harder to read. Nuzzling Severus' cheek, he slid his hand down to the erection still pointing like an accusation toward the mirror. "Look at that. You can't tell me you're not excited."

Severus' cock gave a traitorous leap against Lucius' fingers. Urgent to break the contact, he jerked his hips to the side. "I've no wish to be tortured. Earlier you were observing that you had never forced me to do anything."

"Tortured!" Now Lucius looked less amused. "I've never had to force you to do anything -- you've always been so delightfully eager. I'm offering to pleasure you without your having to lift so much as a finger, and you call it torture?"

"My arms are uncomfortable, I don't like this position, it could be dangerous. Why would you get any pleasure out of that?"

"Because watching your reactions is so delightful, especially when you just can't control them." The wand slid up and down Severus' cock, making it twitch and jerk in the air. "You see?"

"Stick it up your arse!"

"Not tonight..." Then Lucius paused, looking at his reflection speculatively. "You're afraid, aren't you." Despite the urge to deny it, Severus held his tongue; if Lucius decided that he wanted to frighten him, he had far more treacherous weapons to summon. And at the moment Lucius looked strangely moved, as if, having Severus so completely in his power, he had no need to demonstrate his mastery with a spell. "You've never admitted fear to me before."

"This isn't about power, Lucius. You know it's not safe. There have been cases of Immobilus stopping the heart of an otherwise healthy wizard. People have choked on their own saliva. I'm not going to risk my life for your pleasure!"

"You don't trust me." The older man's voice was unusually quiet; too late Severus realized that he had wounded his feelings, or perhaps his pride. "Immobilus is only dangerous when used carelessly. Just like flying on a broom is dangerous when done carelessly, but you've surely done that." For a moment the icy crystal eyes dimmed, then Lucius pursed his lips thoughtfully. "If it's that you don't trust me, perhaps I could offer you something to change your mind, something in return..."

"No." Severus found his voice. He would not be bribed. "Not for this."

"Is there nothing I could offer you? Not even...whatever you might want from me?"

They stood in silence for a moment, staring at one another in reverse in the glass until Lucius sighed and turned away. "Well, since you are adamant." One flick of the wand and the cords unwound from Severus' wrists. His arms dropped to his sides, tingling as he shook them. Without the spell that had supported him upright, the mattress shifted with his movements; he and Lucius both stumbled backward, falling in an awkward heap across the bed.

"Whatever I might want?" Severus asked softly, disbelieving. "You would let me -- anything?"

Lucius did not answer the question, but sat up again, facing the mirror, and lay the wand down across the foot of the bed. Severus moved beside him, scooting forward until they were shoulder to shoulder, and Lucius' eyes held his steadily and directly in the mirror. "Whatever you might want, Severus," he said again, quite softly, and smiled. "But...you've already said you won't do this."

"You said you would not submit yourself. Have you changed your mind?"

"Have you changed yours?" In the silence, Lucius got to his knees to yank the curtains shut. "Tonight, I will let you do whatever you like with my body. And in return, tomorrow night, you will allow me to use the Immobilus spell, and trust me with your safety. Do you think you can let yourself enjoy it if I let you have your night first, Severus? Do those terms suit you?"

Something boiled over in Severus then. "I have my own terms," he snarled. "How can I ever trust you, Malfoy? For all I know you'll decide to wipe my memory the moment we've finished."

"If I wiped your memory," Lucius noted reasonably, "I wouldn't have anything to hold over you so that you would do as I wished, would I?" Still on his knees, he swept his eyes over Severus and frowned. "Why are you angry? I offered you what you wanted, didn't I?"

Infuriatingly, Severus' cock, which had been so overly eager for Lucius earlier, was refusing to cooperate once again; the erection that had ached all through dinner had disappeared. The possibility of fucking Lucius -- a fantasy Severus rarely indulged, believing that it would never happen and not wanting to risk pushing for it -- frightened him nearly as much as the threat of Immobilus. He had some notion of what to do, having paid attention to what Lucius did to him, what he enjoyed, what he wanted to encourage, but he had no idea whether he could actually pleasure Lucius, and the thought that perhaps he could not was terrifying.

"I have another condition," he said. "I want you to tell me if...if I'm doing anything wrong, or what you like..." Severus could not understand why, with Lucius offering himself, he still felt so exposed. He could not demand that Lucius enjoy himself, and did not think he could bear it if Lucius performed like an actor, making artificial noises and saying words he did not mean. Looking at him, Severus was struck anew by how lucky he was to be kept by someone who looked like Lucius, who had Lucius' status, who touched him the way Lucius did, even if it could not last. His body responded with its usual helpless urgency.

Lucius moved to sit beside him, and reached to stroke his face with a tenderness that startled Severus. "I won't erase your memories," he said, "and I'll tell you if you're doing anything wrong. Now, do we have a bargain?" And Severus finally believed that Lucius actually wanted to be fucked. Not so that he would have an excuse to treat Severus terribly later on -- he would do that if he wished to, regardless -- but because he wanted the experience. And for reasons that might never be revealed, he wanted it with Severus.

"Why don't you get on your elbows and knees." Severus was pleased that his voice wavered only slightly, and Lucius dropped his eyes before he crawled up the bed, folding his hands together.

"What are you planning?" he asked conversationally. Severus didn't answer. He moved on his knees behind Lucius, putting a hand on either side of his body, feeling him squirming, perhaps even shaking slightly. Then he ran his mouth down Lucius' spine, into the crack and lower, crouching behind him so he could press his tongue where he wanted it. "Fuck!" Lucius rested his forehead on his forearm, starting to shake. "Oh fuck oh fuck oh..."

Severus slid a hand underneath Lucius' body, finding his cock and stroking it, happy to discover that Lucius had just as little control over how he twitched and jerked even when he was making a conscious effort to keep his hips still. He was not in a good position to make him come in his hand, but he rested his palm against the head of Lucius' cock so that Lucius could rub against it while he wriggled his tongue against him. He had never done this before, had been prepared for the smell and taste to be quite unpleasant, but Lucius was both smoother and sweeter than he had anticipated, making him wonder whether Lucius had prepared for the possibility of this, even though such solicitousness would probably be beyond a Malfoy. It was probable that Lucius simply kept himself clean.

As Severus pushed his tongue inside, Lucius shuddered, rubbing himself against his hand and moaning. The opening quivered and clenched. Certain that the older man would never have offered to let him fuck him unless he had experimented with penetration, Severus guessed that he knew far more about what to expect than he had known himself, the first time, with no more experience than a few furtive explorations with a single finger. "Do you like this?"

"Oh fuck Severus yes don't stop," ordered Lucius, or perhaps he begged; in either case it was enough. Severus lowered his head and stabbed his tongue inside the tight opening again, making Lucius convulse all over and cry out in what sounded like surprise. Surely someone had rimmed him before...but then, knowing the Malfoy sense of pride, it might have been among the things he wouldn't have allowed himself.

Though Severus' hips and ankles were becoming sore from his position half-crouched on the bed, he continued to press his tongue into Lucius as he slid his hand up and down the pulsing shaft. Whimpers were escaping from Lucius' throat, high-pitched and needy, of a sort Severus had never heard before from him. Without lifting his face from Lucius' skin, he blurted out, "I want to fuck you now."

"Yes," Lucius replied so quickly that Severus was surprised. He pulled back, picking up the wand to prepare himself before Lucius changed his mind, but he could not escape the awareness that this might be the only time Lucius would ever agree to this...his sole chance to have him as he wanted him. Though he knew from experience that it was not the most comfortable position, he urged him over onto his back, unable to resist the idea of watching Lucius' face. A quick "accio" sent the lubricating potion flying into his hand from its hiding place, but he had to be careful slicking his cock, afraid he might come just from looking at Lucius, watching him with his long blond hair spilling over the bed.

Severus pushed a wet finger inside Lucius, wishing his lover would open his eyes. He curved it, easily brushing the other man's prostate, and watched Lucius' cock twitch. Lucius made an odd noise when he added a second finger, yet continued to press down, trying to get Severus to touch him inside again. The groan sounded thick with discomfort, perhaps even pain, something Lucius never willingly let Severus see him acknowledge. Though there was scarcely any physical contact between them now -- only Lucius tight around Severus' fingers and the occasional brush of skin -- Severus felt his groin tighten in response. It would not have done at all to come on Lucius before managing to get inside him. He moved his cock where his fingers had just been, barely pressing at the entrance, waiting until he could feel Lucius relax enough to dare to press forward.

Lucius' hands came up, clutching at Severus' arms, neither pushing him away nor pulling him closer. Despite the temptation to push into the heat of Lucius' body and thrust until he exploded, Severus forced himself to go very slowly. Hurting Lucius would accomplish nothing; the momentary power over him could lead only to contempt of the fact that Severus actually enjoyed being in the position in which he had Lucius now. He stroked Lucius' cock as he leaned forward, feeling Lucius' body stretching to accommodate him to a point, then resisting; he could do nothing but shift, wait, and press slowly forward again, until he was no longer certain he could endure the tight, gripping warmth without moving against it.

Lucius' hand let go of Severus' arm, reaching up blindly to touch his face, encountering the sweat pooling beneath his jaw and along his temples. Expelling a breath, he looked up at Severus. "Do it," he whispered, "Severus. Do it." Unable to hold back any longer, Severus thrust the rest of the way inside, sliding his slippery hand up Lucius' cock and letting out a cry that would have shamed him if he could have spared the attention to fret about it. Instead all his energy was focused on not ejaculating, which required that he not notice how dazed Lucius looked beneath him, not allow himself to get lost in the sensation of heat around and against him...he thrust again, hitting something inside that resisted him before giving way, and the room went red.

Lucius cried out, his entire body jerking. From his squirming Severus couldn't tell whether he was trying to escape or to make him hit the same spot again. His hips moved of their own accord, changing the angle upward, and Lucius' fingers fell to grip his wrist, but instead of struggling he moved Severus' hand faster over his cock. "Please," he groaned, unquestionably begging this time.

Severus began to stroke him fast, in the rhythm he knew Lucius liked, feeling the fluid gathering and dripping from the tip, and knew that he was going to come before he could thrust again. Just then Lucius gasped his name, jerking into his hand -- and Lucius had never said his name like that before, never made much noise at all -- Severus felt him spasm inside, cried out and knew nothing but the rush that overtook him, leaving them both crushed into the pillows when consciousness returned, his hand and belly covered with Lucius' semen and his cock still pulsing with the convulsions inside him.

"Oh," gasped Severus, the only syllable he dared pronounce. Suddenly realizing that Lucius must be uncomfortable, he pulled out of him, feeling a hot spill of fluid accompany his cock. Groaning, Lucius opened his eyes, staring with an unreadable expression, until Severus finally found his voice, though appallingly uneven. "Did that hurt?" He suspected that the silence meant it had, for Lucius would be less likely to admit vulnerability than imperviousness, and swallowed hard. "I'm sorry. I thought...I had hoped I would have better control."

Lucius rose on his elbows and, unexpectedly, smiled at him. "Not at your age," he said. "And certainly not the first time. You lasted much longer than I thought you would." Ridiculously, Severus felt tears prickle at his eyes. The words were certainly meant to taunt, despite the smile. It was apparent that Lucius had recovered his control and nothing had changed. Sitting up, Lucius touched his belly and concluded, "Long enough to make me make a terrible mess. Pass me my wand, and I'll clean us up."

The scourgifying spell left both of them and the bed as clean as if nothing had happened. Dry now, and chilled, Severus was wondering whether he was expected to dress and leave immediately when Lucius smiled again. "I was thinking that if you went home now, you'd only wake up your parents." Severus was about to explain that his parents would be up at an absurdly early hour, as usual even on the weekend, forcing him to come up with an explanation for where he'd been and what he had been doing, when he realized that Lucius may be suggesting that he spend the night. "You could send an owl. I have the house to myself for the next three days." A melancholy expression twisted his mouth. "Surely your parents wouldn't object to you accepting an invitation from a Malfoy?"

"No. They'd be pleased, of course." Severus shivered, and Lucius moved a little nearer to him.

"This house is usually too warm. My mother makes the house-elves build up the fires all the time. When she's not here, I immediately order them put out." Reaching out, he pulled Severus closer, tugging the blankets up around them. Afraid to move or even to breathe lest Lucius move away, Severus hunched his shoulders and folded his arms inward, trying to make himself as unobtrusive as possible, which Lucius apparently understood to mean that he was still cold; an arm slipped around him, thumb rubbing idly back and forth against his shoulder. "Is that better? You're still shivering."

"Yes," Severus heard himself blurt out, and blushed. He was trembling, not shivering, but he was certainly not going to say so. He wanted to press back into Lucius, lying them down together on the bed, but Lucius might have pulled away, though he was actually pulling Severus even closer, rubbing harder.

"This won't do at all." Molding himself against Severus, Lucius forced him further beneath the covers and stretched out alongside him. There was no way that Severus could restrain the shudder that passed through his body at the feel of Lucius curling around him, nuzzling below his hairline and sliding an arm across his chest. "That's better. Why are you still so tense?" A pause, and then, "You said one of your conditions was to tell you what I liked. I liked how determined you were to please me, and how concerned you were that you might hurt me. And I like your understanding that this changes nothing and gives you no right to make demands."

The muscles in Lucius' arms and legs felt different tangled sleepily around him. Something had obviously changed. Rather than vulnerability from allowing Severus to fuck him, there was a new confidence, a calm acknowledgment of pleasure that tempted Severus to scoff at him for refusing to accept it earlier. And now Lucius knew just how much it moved Severus. Now, having shown him how it could be, he had one more thing to withhold.

"You don't waste any time, do you," he snapped at Lucius.

"I don't miss opportunities." Severus tried to lie still as an object. He couldn't bring himself to complain about Lucius' arms around him -- indeed, he could not pretend to be anything other than warm and comfortable with Lucius' arms around him -- but he would not give Lucius the satisfaction of knowing that he had craved this. The muscles shifted, and Lucius murmured, "You're still tense. I don't understand. I know you enjoyed that, and you're not hard again yet."

"I'm tired," Severus snapped more loudly than he intended.

"Then you should relax. I've noticed that it's easier to sleep that way." Shifting to loosen Lucius' arms around him, Severus rolled onto his belly so he could hide his face in a pillow. "Severus...what am I doing wrong? I told you that tonight was yours. I thought that you would want..." An elaborate shrug, "Suit yourself," and the arms withdrew.

"What about tomorrow night?"

"As I've said, my parents are gone for the entire weekend. If you'd be a little more cooperative, you could stay all three nights in my bed." There was a silence, followed by a sudden upheaval of the mattress as Lucius turned. "Look at me," he ordered, and when Severus obeyed, "I am not going to force myself upon you with an Immobilus spell. Now, will you come over here or won't you?"

It took a moment to understand that this was not Lucius commanding him, but the closest thing to a request that a Malfoy was capable of articulating. But like all seeming acts of generosity from a Malfoy, there was certain to be a hidden price. Severus realized that his fingers were tightly gripping the thick pillow and forced them to relax. "I agreed to your terms," he muttered. "And you met mine."

"You did, and I did, and if it was a bargain you never should have made, you simply will have to repay me in some other fashion." Remarkably, Lucius sounded unconcerned, and sliding close again, he pulled the blankets around them, tangling their limbs once more. "You're so difficult," he sighed. "You're lucky I've spent too much time breaking you in to want to dismiss you for breaking your word."

Severus knew that he had made a mistake -- that on this night of all nights, he should have insisted on his pride, his independence, not lying close to Lucius, embracing him, trying to be what he wanted. His own heart was pounding, making him feel breathless and trapped against the older man's damp, firm chest, yet he knew what had to be said. "I won't break my word. I told you that I would let you...I told you that I would trust you."

"But you don't." The unexpected, bleak note had returned to Lucius' voice. "You don't trust me at all. Anyone would think that I had threatened to use an Unforgivable Curse on you, not to paralyze you with pleasure." From his prone position, wrapped up with Lucius, Severus couldn't tell whether he was being teased or threatened. Though he nearly shivered again, he forced his body to remain still. He did not believe that Lucius would intentionally damage his flesh beyond repair, nor harm his intellect, but then he had never expected Lucius to meddle with his memories either.

And he knew then that it was never the possibility of his heart stopping that made him resist Immobilus. The injuries he feared most were not physical. "Aren't you the one who said surrender to pleasure was still surrender?" he demanded softly. "You've no need to treat me with respect because you're incapable of respecting me. And haven't you told me that I'm yours to do with as you please, whether it's what I want or not?"

Lucius moved back, taking his warmth with him, so that for a moment Severus felt only the loss of his physical presence and wished he had held his tongue. But though Lucius was agitated -- his breathing had quickened, and he shifted restlessly beneath the blanket -- his voice was low when he spoke. "I would not have shared my bed with anyone I was incapable of respecting. It would be beneath me. Though I realize..." A long pause. "What I did was foolish. The other night. It wasn't necessary. It should not have happened that way."

"I wondered whether you would regret it," Severus admitted. He had thought that Lucius might be sorry, one day, ever to have let Severus know his real preferences, his desires. Anyone could shove a boy to his knees and ask to be pleasured, but now he knew Lucius enjoyed fucking men and had indulged repeatedly, far more than he could pretend was a whim. "You needn't worry. Your secret will remain safe with me."

Frowning, Lucius studied his face. "What do you mean?" "I didn't expect this to go on much longer. I know you're planning to marry one Black sister or another, to pull strings in the Ministry and inherit this house -- there's no place for me. I've always understood that."

Lucius blinked. He almost spoke, stopped, then stared at Severus for a little while. "I didn't mean anything of the sort," he ventured finally. "I'm not regretting anything we've done together. I -- fuck. Severus. I'm -- I'm sorry."

Nothing Lucius was saying made sense. Was he remorseful for having enjoyed himself more than either of them could have anticipated? For having lured a young wizard into his clutches at all? Perhaps Lucius had decided that he was too weak to recruit to any sort of purpose, and was ashamed to have to admit his own error. Or did Lucius suspect that Severus was much more deeply attached than he had any right to have become? In a small voice, he finally admitted, "I'm not certain that I understand."

"What kind of an idiot are you? I'm apologizing for what I did with the memory charm the first time!"

Severus could feel himself gaping, mouth open and eyes bugged out like a St. Mungo's patient. "You are?"

"And to think I'd finally decided that you could be good for something. I thought that perhaps you could be recruited to other uses. If it isn't apparent to you that you are useless to me if you can't accept what you're told..." The words and tone were contemptuous, but there was embarrassment as well, and Severus held his tongue as Lucius shifted the topic. "I had thought about introducing you to some of my associates. Apparently you've something of a reputation for skill with potions. I have some contacts who may be valuable to you, and I suspect you may be of interest to them."

With effort Severus forced himself to stop staring like a fool, nodding as nonchalantly as he could. Lucius had investigated his work and approved of what he'd learned. Lucius was willing to bring him into the presence of colleagues, perhaps wizards from backgrounds similar to his own, other purebloods from noble houses; Severus knew his family would be thrilled. And Lucius was -- apologizing -- rather than being furious with Severus' reluctance to give him his way, after Lucius had let him...

"Thank you," he said humbly, bowing his head, until Lucius reached out and caught his chin, lifting it. He could see at once that Lucius was pleased with himself, and with Severus as well; the steely eyes were curved in the shape of his smile, and the lips inclined toward him.

"I do look after my own, you know." Elegant fingers pushed Severus' hair out of his eyes, cupped the back of his head and drew him forward. With a soft moan he gave himself up to Lucius' kiss and the knowledge that Lucius was right: taking him had changed nothing, for Severus was the one possessed. It was no surprise that Lucius would hint at ownership. What startled Severus was his own longing for it to be real.