Sammielovesbbc


                           Samantha's Begins
                           training of a sissy
           

                    M/b inter M+b prostitution sissy


I was born to a HalfAsian Half Black Woman and a Asian 

Father who I never knew my mother Kei was a whore and drug 

addict so my earlier years I spent locked in my room most 

times. Oh I forgot my name is Sam I was born Samuel but my 

mother has only ever called me Sam or Sammie. My mother and 

step father raised me till my 6th
brithday when he left because my mother started fucking the 

black man next door.
Eric my step father was very submissive and weak my mother 

walked all over him.
Anyways after he left we moved in with Tyrel into a small 

two bedroom apartment, at night I could hear my mother 

screaming in pleasure as Tyrel slam fucked her calling her a 

slut and whore stupid cunt on and on.

I have always been small and very shy,I seemed to like 

playing with dolls and stuffed animals to trucks and guns. 

At school I was bullied all the time my only friends were 

two girls at school, all the boys in my neighbor hood were 

black or hispanic and they mostly thought I was a fag or 

sissy or queer. But I did find myself drawn to men Tyrel 

always called me his sweet princess and nevered yelled at 

me.

Mother was staring in porn movies and dancing at strip clubs 

by the time I was 9 years old, I also knew she was turning 

tricks as Tyrel was pimping her out. I was very petite and 

my mother made me keep my jet black hair long and tied in a 

ponytail my olive skin was smooth and my almond shape eyes 

were bright green. My  knowlegde of sex grew as I watched 

the way my mother let Tyrel make her do the most depraved 

acts. When I was 11 years old day Tyrel and mommy were 

leaving to go to Los Vegas and I was told I was staying with 

a friend of Tyrel and his family. Big Dog was the father 

Delissia the mother and Marcus 24 Damion 21 and Leroy 19 the 

three sons. They lived outside of the projects in a big 

three story house, which has at any given time one to a 

dozen other people living there on and off.

My second day I was wakened by a noise I was sleeping on a 

couch in the basement
where Leroy had a room,I got up and walked over looking in I 

see white legs and a black ass pumping up and down Leroy 

huge black cock slamming in and out which I found out later 

was the girl next door. Leroy bellowed as he came I was 

transfixed watching him fuck the girl Joy, Leroy looked over 

as he stood up his cock shiny hanging between his muscular 

legs at 6'2" 195lbs he was a black god seeing me he yelled 

get out of here faggot, where I ran back to the couch 

covering up finally falling asleep think of the size of his 

black cock compaired to my petite 4'7" height 80lbs with a 

tiny 2 1/2 inch penis.

The next night after being told to go to bed I was waken by 

being shook, Leroy standing over me telling me to get up 

taking my arm dragging me into his room closing the 

door.Pushing me towards the bed standing over me in a white 

tank top
and blue boxers Leroy pulls his thick shiny black veined 

cock out of the boxers.
Looking at me staring his says "Like it slut I'm gonna make 

you a sissy black cock slut tonight your ass is mine". 

Grabbing me by my ponytail Leroy forces me to my knees 

slapping my face and lips with his big cock smearing pre-cum 

on my face telling me to open my mouth wide. I feel the 

smooth silky softness of the head on my lips and tongue as 

he pulls me towards him his cock begins swelling and 

thickening getting longer as it hits the back of my throat 

causing me to gag and choke.

Holding my head in his hands Leroy begins fucking my mouth 

each time he hits the back of my throat I try to pull back 

only making him angry, saying "Take my cock boi your sissy 

ass is mine now I'm gonna cum down your throat your gonna 

learn to take it in your throat and ass slut". I love the 

taste even as I choke tears running down my cheeks as he 

fucks my mouth drool running down my chin till he thrusts 

deep I feel the first large spurt floods my throat as he 

pulls back the next shot in my mouth the thrid and fourth in 

my mouth lips and face. As I gag choke coughing sobbing. 

Good Slut says Leroy as he says for me to get undress.
once naked Leroymakes me suck his cock till he is hard again 

9 inches long easily
2 1/2 thick black cock. Making me kneel on the bed Leroy 

picks up a tube of KY jelly causing me to yelp as he pushes 

his finger into my ass useing the jelly to coat my asshole 

before putting the head of his big cock against my tiny 

opening pleading "Please Leroy its too big" I sob.

Feeling the pressure as he pushes the tip into me causing me 

to feel like a telephone pole is being shoved into me tears 

running down my face crying please stop it hurts the 

pressure became so much as I started to stretch open the 

huge black cock head popping through my anal ring I screamed 

AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhh
It hurts I screamed as a terrible burning my tiny asshole 

feels likeit tearing as 
Leroy grabs my hips feeling him thrust as my face is in the 

blankets sobbing suealing EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE wanting to tell 

him to stop but each thrust causes a gasp
a scream till finally I feel Leroys big balls slapping 

against my ass.

Fuck Bitch you are tight gonna have too work on that says 

Leroy slapping my ass with his hand before pulling back my 

body feels like he is pulling my insides out with his cock 

then gasping as he slams back in my little dick is hard as a 

rock as 
Leroy begins to fuck my ass hard with longer and longer 

strokes I grunting gasping in pain tears running down my 

cheeks. it seemed like forever for Leroy to pound my sore 

tender burning once virgin ass till he shoved deep and hard 

and feels a hot
spray of black cum deep in my ass. Gasping for breath 

leaning over me leroy grabs
my hair pulling my head up and back kissing my cheek 

whispering "GOD Damn what a great fucking ass yous got 

slut". 

Slowly pulling out as he get up to go use the bathroom I'm 

laying on the bed my poor asshole gaping I feel cum running 

out as I softly cry myself to sleep. I wake up when Leroy 

gets out of bed in the morning he says nothing as he leaves 

I go to the bathroom my asshole hurts to walk peeing and 

needing to poo I stifle a sob as it hurts and burn whipping 

I find a little bit of blood finally going up stairs to 

start my day. Like always cereal then watching tv. Delissia 

see's the way I am walking asks what happened I tell her I 

fell she gives me some pain pills by the afternoon I feel 

better.

That evening Leroy called me into his room he had white 

powder in lines he called blow (cocaine) he had me do two 

lines I was so high he pulled me in front if him kneeling 

pulling his cock out stuffing it down my throat this time I 

had a easier time I began bobbing my head as he held my 

ponytail "Look at me you slant eye whore" Leroy says as I 

suck his cock gagging but able to get it down my throat.
Leroy fucks my mouth till he pulls out telling me to undress 

and get on my knees.
This time I try to relax it hurts even with lots of lube but 

manage to take his cock without screaming just groaning 

loud. Leroy laughs when I start moving my
hips as he fucks me hard. Three big loads I take that night 

in my tiny ass and mouth.

Over the next week Leroy uses me like a whore when ever he 

can even taking me to the park where he pimps me out letting 

black men fuck my holes and cumming in me.
After the thrid week I was now fucking Leroy, and his 

brothers Marcus and Damian
both now fuck my slutty holes by this time I am a little cum 

whore. The black cocks ranged from a thick 8inch to a huge 

11inch my little ass could handle a hard pounding I was so 

horny for cock.When Tyrel and mommy get back I'm wearing 

make-up and have my ears pierced. Mommy hugged me saying my 

little slut looks so cute Tyrel just smiles at me. After the 

second day home mommy went to work at a new club, I was 

watching tv when Tyrel walk up to me smiling he grabbed my 

ponytail lifting me up off the couch onto my tiptoes. He 

slaps my face I squeal eeeeee don't hurt me, 
yanking hard getting my atention he says "Tomorow you are 

going to see a doctor then you are going to earn your keep".

But first I'm going to rape your ass and slutty mouth 

dropping me to the floor Tyrel steps out of the sweat pants 

he is wearing and for the first time I see his
cock 12 inches as thick as a coke can still only half hard. 

My eyes widen in fear at the size of it grabbing my ponytail 

Tyrel drags me into my bedroom thoossing me onto the bed 

telling me to open up as he shoves his huge cock into my 

mouth. I can barely get a third into my mouth it is so big 

my jaw acks being stretched so wide
slowly he fucks my mouth as he plays with my little cock 

then my ass useing lube I moan in pain as he shoves his huge 

finger into me fucking my little ass two fingers 
have me moaning and groaning in pleasure and pain till 

pulling out grabbing my ankles pulling them up to my 

shoulders before pushing his monstous black beautiful cock 

into me making me gasp GGGGGGAAAA as I'm stretched more then 

ever before.

Tyrel rams into me a half dozen strokes each one driving the 

breath from me as he slowly forces his way into my ass. Once 

fully into me Tyrel brutally begins fucking me I scream 

AAAAAAHHHH GGGGGAAAAA GODDDDD NOOOOOO GGGGGGAAA with each 

thrust after a dozen hard strokes I cum squirting my small 

load onto my belly Tyrel laughs telling me I'm going to be a 

good little whore. Finally Tyrel rams deep and hard 

bellowing YEAH take it whore pumping a huge amount off hot 

burning black cum into my bruised and gaping little asshole. 

Once the final spurt shoots into me Tyrel makes me clean his 

cock with my mouth. He tells me to get to sleep my new life 

begins tomorrow.

Smiling to my self as he closes the door saying good night 

princess thimking I wonder what will happen, but I know it 

will be a adventure.





                                   part 1