The band of adventurers had drunk and talked long through the night. The barmaids were tired and waiting to go home, but this group would not leave and kept ordering more food, more booze, and even a few oddities like pipe weed, candy, and in one case a rather specific request for mare's milk for some unknowable reason. Still, the owner of the bar kept reminding his staff that this group was paying extremely well. Their tab would have been eye-watering, but they were paying as they go, and paying gold for silver: If they owed a handful of silver coins for a round of drinks or even a dusty bottle front the wine cellar , they'd pay a like number of coins, but gold coins that weighed heavily in everyone's aprons. The barmaids would be wealthy indeed after this evening, and the strange stories they heard, mostly dirty, would be something to laugh about for years.
Well after the moon had reached it's peak and begun its slow descent, Umthar noticed his companion, Red the Dwarf, had said little but merely drank flagon after flagon of beer. Umthar was a massive giant of a man, at least seven feet tall and dressed in a furry vest that made him look bear-like to those that couldn't see his human face with it's nose flattened from countless fights. Umthar was known for his good heart and dislike of slavers and pirates, but also known for his aggressiveness with the fairer sex.
He laughed, then bellowed at the diminutive woman across the table from him. "Red! So quiet! I've told the tale of rescuing the slave girls from the Warlord of Gardheim and their bountiful thanks; The Princess of Bo-Ran and how I found her; and my exploits in the Harems of Queen Asifya. Do you have any stories from your time as an adventurer to top those tales of bravery and daring-do?"
"Tales of sleeping around, methinks." Red drained her latest flagon, tossing the wooden mug over her shoulder and holding up one finger, a signal for another. "Oh yes, Umthar. I've got a few tales you might enjoy. A stable boy in Far found himself unconscious after an attempt to satisfy me..."
"That was from the smell." whispered Galdron the Wizard, although he was known for low opinions of all who practiced their trade with sword and armor.
"Or perhaps the tale of rescuing the twin sorcerers of Glaz?"
"Twins!" burbled a drunken gnome, Rarredy Groomhandle, who had passed out multiple times throughout the night.
"But, no, I think this is the time for the tale of the Stone-spirit of Mount Direfall..."
A barmaid, a pretty young woman with a waterfall of golden hair framing her face, placed another flagon in front of the dwarf warrior. Red gestured and the woman leaned in. A bit of sleight of hand, and not a gold coin but a small sapphire appeared in the dwarf's stubby fingers and was dropped into the barmaid's notable cleavage, eliciting a cheer from all the adventurers. Red smiled and waved the woman away, then began her story after a long pull from her flagon.
"My proper name is Redagonia Finewater of the Thunderforge clan. The Finewater family is well-respected, but even the greatest cities of the dwarves need not that many dwarves to safeguard water supplies, so some such as myself take up other paths, such as adventuring. So, at the age of 40, I took my axe and chain armor and went into the world of Men seeking my fortune. This was a tale that happened several years later, when I found myself in an ancient dwarven city underneath Mount Direfall with the Heroes of the Silver Band."

Red was angry. Situated from the rest of her adventuring party when a bridge collapsed, she needed to cross a chasm that divided the underground city into three large districts. She'd fought and killed three of the blasted demon- elves that had conquered this place. Her goal was to find a crossing to allow her to make her way back to the old commercial district where her companions were no doubt hiding in some ruined building, licking their wounds and debating their next move.
Instead she found herself captured by demon-elves and dragged to an old chamber in the forge district where once countless dwarves had worked. She was bound to a sturdy wooden pole and dragged before a high priestess of the demon-elves who held her round face and strong chin with long-fingered nails. The dwarves and demon-elves had long waged war for sacred places deep within the mountains of the world.
The priestess, dressed in robes of enchanted cloth as strong as steel and adorned with countless rubies and diamonds, spoke in the harsh demonic tongue of her kind, then spoke in dwarven, "You will feed the earth-spirit here, the spirit that grants us ownership of this domain. Your sacrifice will empower its bonds to us."
Red spit in the priestesses' face, and received a slap in return. The shape nails left red marks on her pale cheek. Two demon-elf guards closed in and, grabbing the trussed-up dwarf, dragged her up a ramp to a nearby pit once used for a smelting process centuries ago. They tossed her in with grunts of exertion.
She landed with a loud thump on the floor of the pit. Red looked up and saw two glowing red eyes: A shape came forward and she struggled to her feet. At least the fall had shattered the pole she'd been bound to and allowed her to free her arms. She was disarmed, however: Some demon-elf unworthy to even look upon her family axe now possessed the relic weapon!
Still, there were more immediate concerns. She knew what the red-eyed thing was, although she had never seen a spirit corrupted by the demon-elves. An earth-spirit manifested, it was an avatar of the very spirit of the mountain they were under. Most dwarven cities had such a thing, usually in a place of honor where it would give its blessing to the great works within. This spirit seemed uncertain at times, unformed: a thing of mud, stone, and the countless precious metals that had been worked in this place in aeons past. This spirit was corrupted, forced into servitude to the demon-elves, and would likely kill her if their control was absolute.
It was not, she saw. It's shape was not always a thin elven silhouette but at times resembled a stockier dwarf as it moved. She must awaken its nature, and Red could think of only one way open to her..
She began unbuckling her armor as the spirit approached, it's blazing red eyes upon her. Defeating such a thing in battle was possible, and the route many brave dwarves warriors would take, but her mother had once told her of another way, more common when the world was young.
Red shrugged off her breastplate, a sizable piece of armor she'd had custom forged by a dwarf she'd spent a month with in the great city of Balisfort. It fell to the floor with a clang, it's two metal bulges mirroring her own not inconsiderate breasts.
More buckles, and the cuisse protecting her legs came free. Unarmed and now unarmored, combat was a terrible option but she had another plan.
She fell back, then began to shrug off the chain mail she wore underneath. This was tough: It was easier to have a partner to help pull the fine metal rings over one's head, but the enraged and hungry spirit before her was unlikely to assist. At the moment it seemed to desire murder, but she had one chance to convince it otherwise.
The spirit approached and she smiled. The demon-rlves were predictable at least. When they forced their will upon the spirit of the mountain they did not make make it an ally like the dwarves, but bound it as a slave. The priestess had forced it into an undeniably male form. This, at least, gave Red something familiar to work with.
She shrugged off a final layer of padded garments, standing with her legs spread dressed only in a tiny set of panties and a simple halter top. Red was many a young dwarf's idea of womanhood, although some clans thought that women must have beards to be considered adult. The women of her clan remained stubbornly free of facial hair, although her mother had well-groomed sideburns that were her pride and joy.
She was pale-skinned and freckled, with a redness to her cheeks brought on by exertion. Her face was round and attractive, topped with a thick braid of the red hair that had led to her nickname. She pulled her simple top free, revealing two large and well-formed breasts with nipples an almost ruby-red color. Each nipple was pierced and bore a dainty golden ring through the thick nipple. They stood at attention now in fear and anticipation, pointing away from her curvy body. She pulled down the panties and stepped out of the unneeded undergarments. Her underwear had been a gift from another adventurer she'd spent a season with, a priestess of the goddess of good fortune who'd been generous to her friends. They were surprisingly ornate fort he practical she-dwarf, with tiny bows and embroidered flowers stitched across the wide span that had stretched the dwarf-woman's hips. Her thick thighs pressed together as she considered the task before her.
As the beast approached, Red stopped her slow retreat and studied upon the thing. It's form wavered, but always the stone and ores of the mountain remained. She intoned in her most precise and courtly dwarven, "Oh spirit of the mountains, remember the ancient covenants! My kind will not simply take from your bounty, but will respect and honor you in all our works! Allow me to show you my devotion!"
She was clutching her large breasts as she did spoke, and Red was surprised to find her passion enflamed. She had heard stories of dwarf-women using their feminine talents to pacify the spirits, but it had always been in a formal context, with priests and priestesses performing a long ceremony to prepare the way. Not a lone adventurer giving herself to some creature to save her own skin..
Her arousal grew as she saw her exhortation had had some effect. The spirit's form was undeniably dwarven now, and undeniably male. A neat and even beard that looked like braided metal wires stretched from it's chin to nearly graze the massive and quite erect phallus that gracefully protruded from the avatar's crotch. It had the broad shoulders Red favored when she sought lovers among dwarves.
She found herself stroking the stone appendage before as the spirit made a sound like a boiling teapot. The stone looked like a masterwork carving, and was exquisitely detailed to resemble a dwarf's natural male appendage. The thought made her sigh with pleasure as she stroked it: She'd seen some elf- cock in her time, and knew the fey creatures tended to be thin and dainty, like their welders, with quite distinctive flaring around the glans. This was a proper cock, one fit for a dwarf.
She took it in her mouth, tasting first salts and minerals then the taste of iron as she licked the inhuman shaft. The old legends had not been quite so specific, and she had no way of knowing if what she was doing was right, but she was no blushing maiden and had satisfied men and dwarves, peasants and nobles, in her short four decades in this world. Would the spirit cum? What would it be? She was as tough as any dwarf who braved the world, but she could not handle a jet of molten metal into her mouth or nether regions.
The spirit reared back with a sound like a ton of steel ingots hitting the workshop floor. Red fell back as well, landing on her generous ass. She was still unsure if this was working or if it was even possible to work, but she would had to try. The spirit did seem a bit more dwarf-like now. It's torso seemed thicker and it only rarely flickered to resemble a demon-elf.
She prepared herself and crawled over the spirit's torso. It smelled of oil and hot metal. The surface was cold in places, but almost painfully hot in others. Red licked her lips, and adjusted herself, then slid the tip of the monstrous phallus into her throbbing, hungry pussy. She could not take all of this monster, but she would do as she could. She found herself impaled on the spirits massive organ, rubbing her breast together and moaning as the spirit made flesh lay beneath her, arms outstretched. She climaxed as a few more inches slid in, stretching her further than she thought possible. Her cries delighted the demon-elves above who thought this was mere torture before she died, but the spirit below felt its own passion rising as the evil influences were driven from it by the passion of the dwarf woman above its manifestation.
Another cry, in unison from the two beings. Red's moan of pleasure as another few inches slid into her hungry orifice merged with a deep and undeniably dwarven and male grunt from the spirit-form beneath her thighs. The avatar seemed to have shrunk and was merely large for a dwarf now, but still a thing of stone and metal.
Red was not thinking of that, however, but only thinking of her own pleasure. The spirit became a willing partner, it's arms gently but firmly grasping her hips when not moving to grope at her breasts. She had not expected the spirit to have such control but she squealed in pleasure as it delicately pinched and rolled her pierced nipple.
With a final moan both climaxed together and Red felt her entire body filled by whatever was ejaculated from the spirit she crouched over. She shuddered in ecstasy and cried out. then kissed the spirit on it's stone cheek and rolled off, carefully disentangling from the stone phallus she'd so recently and lovingly been riding.
Exhausted, she lay next to the spirit, panting and mumbling about how good it had been. She didn't notice as the spirit vacated the physical form: The dwarf-statue it had become fell apart, breaking into several pieces. Red-faced and exhausted, Red sat up and looked at her recent lover, "So, was it good for you?"

"So what happened next?" asked Umthar. All of the adventurers were on the edge of their seat except Galdron, who had passed out earlier. Galdron was never great at handling hard liquor.
"Why, what do you mean? That wasn't enough?" saw Red with a smile. Her face was flushed from remembering the encounter.
"Did you make it back? I mean, how did you make it back?" Rarredy the gnome sputtered. He'd perhaps hit the pipe-weed a bit hard tonight.
"Oh, that's simple." Red explained, "With the spirit reminded of it's proper allegiances in the most fun way possible, the entire city favored dwarfkind and our allies. So I grabbed the big stone dick and climbed out of the pit with it in my teeth, then beat the Demon-Elf priestess with it until she was dead. Stole her sword and left her with the dick up her ass, then used her sword to kill the guard who had my axe. The rest was boring, unless you want to hear about the dwarves who reclaimed the place a month later..."