Thia And The Contrite Voyeur
by Thiagawr

An old acquaintance with a guilty secret gets in touch.

It's seven o'clock in the evening and Stuart has just left his room to go downstairs to the student bar. His room is on the ninth (top) floor of a purpose built block of student accommodation rooms on the town's university campus. This floor isn't serviced by the lifts, so he heads along the corridor and through the double doors that open onto the stairwell, intending to use the lift from the eighth floor down to ground level.

As he pushes one of the stairwell doors open, he bumps into a girl who was just about to come through them in the other direction; it's James' girlfriend Thia, and he holds open the door for her to come through first. She thanks him but doesn't make eye contact, not least because he's much taller than her - she's about five foot six, six inches shorter than him - and she's very much the quiet, reserved type. She's wearing a striped, green, woollen jumper, green corduroy trousers and even green, lace-up shoes.

He lets her pass, noticing the scent of her perfume and watching for a moment as she walks away from him, down the corridor towards James' room, which is directly opposite his own.

He doesn't really know James very well, but they do encounter each other from time to time, and he did once help Stuart out by fixing a problem with his car's engine - something they both felt was rather amusing, given that Stuart is a mechanical engineering student, while James (like Thia) is doing a life-sciences degree.

He knows Thia even less well than he knows James. However, one thing he does know about her is that she spends frequent evenings with James in his room, and she often seems to enjoy herself there rather noisily! Indeed, he's heard that James has actually had to speak to the lecturer in charge of accommodation about it, but that might be just a scurrilous rumour.

Still at the stairwell doors, he suddenly changes his plans and returns to his room. Leaving his door fully open, he sits on his table-side, plastic chair, looking out at James' door across the corridor. He's had an exciting idea, but he's not sure if he can bring himself to act upon it.

He sits there for a little while, watching the closed door and imagining what might be going on behind it, now or a little later on; probably something sexual.

As he further considers his idea, he realises that he's suddenly fascinated (and really quite turned on) by the notion of that quiet, unassuming, snugly dressed and rather shy girl perhaps having undressed already and being hidden from him only by that bedroom door. In part, this is because - at eighteen years old - he hasn't actually yet seen a girl completely naked in the flesh, so to speak; topless, on beaches, but not actually naked.

Now... above the door (as with all these bedroom doors) is a vent, in the form of a metal grating in a thin, plywood panel. The grating has a closeable, sliding grille, operated from the inside via a small, plastic handle. He can see that the one above James' door is closed, but it's a very basic, cheap, simple, almost crude device - almost certainly he could slide it open a little (thus aligning all the slots) from the outside, using some sort of probe, if he could reach it and was so minded.

He hears Thia laugh quietly and immediately decides he IS so minded...

Picking up a pair of scissors from his table, he places it upon the chair and carries both to his open door. Without even pausing to consider the wisdom of his idea, he steps into the corridor, but at that very moment, James emerges from his room, heading for the bathroom.

"Okay, James?" Stuart asks, hoping to distract him from wondering what he might be up to.

"Yes, thanks. You?" replies James without stopping.

"Yeah. I'm okay, thanks."

Stuart returns to his room and shuts the door over, without fully closing it. God, that was close, he thinks to himself. While waiting to hear James going back to his room, he realises it was a stupid idea anyway, and he ought to be grateful it's been nipped in the bud.

However, just moments later he hears James' door open and reclose, and before he knows it, he's crossed the corridor and is standing on the chair, which brings the grating above the door nicely to his eye level. As he thought, the internal grating is closed.

Now powered by adrenaline as much as by testosterone and recklessness, he pushes the scissors through the grating's outer grille and, as gently as he can, tries to ease the inner grille along slightly. To his delight, it moves very easily and completely silently, and he suddenly finds that, with his eyes to the grating, he can see directly into the room almost unhindered.

He cannot see James, who must be at the front of the room (where there's a wardrobe and, beside it, a washbasin), or perhaps he's over to the left-hand side, which Stuart cannot quite see, but Thia is sitting in an armchair, further into the room and side-on to him. She's removed her jumper and has placed it neatly on the floor beside her, revealing a light green, short-sleeved blouse.

Although somewhat concerned at not being able to see James, Stuart can at least see that Thia's not about to open the door unexpectedly, and as James has only just been out of the room and gone back in again, he feels he's probably not in immediate danger of being rumbled. Furthermore, there are only half a dozen rooms on this floor, so there's an excellent chance of the corridor remaining quiet for quite some time; at least until the student bar closes, much later on. He slips the scissors - their job now done - into his pocket.

Two or three minutes pass. He can hear conversation between James and Thia, but not very clearly. James does seem to be sitting at his table, over to the left, which doubles as a desk. Maybe this is all a waste of time, a risk taken for no gain at all.

Stuart's adrenaline level falls: nothing's happening. A moment or two more and he will give it up and go back to his room. Maybe he'll even give it another go sometime. Thia's just sitting there chatting about something or other. Yep, time to call it a day, give up on the idea and head for the bar.

He moves his head back from the grating and steps down from his chair.

Oh, just one last look, to be certain...

Jesus! As Stuart's eyes once again peer through the slots, Thia is unbuttoning her blouse! Oh, thank you, God!

Still sitting on the chair, she slips the garment off altogether, folds it neatly and places it on her jumper, on the floor to her side. Oh God, now she's undoing her bra! Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!

Oh this is unbelievable! His impulsive plan has paid off incredibly well, and fast. Quiet, innocent-seeming little Thia is now naked above the waist, her breasts fabulously on show, and don't they look fantastic?! They're such a nice shape and size (she's a 34C) and, well, just Wow! She looks so different when she's half-naked...

Stuart's erection is sudden and strong. Oh my God, what a great idea, he congratulates himself, and doesn't Thia have a superb pair of boobs?!

She's still sitting and chatting to the out of sight James, as she takes off her shoes (revealing white or cream coloured socks) and places them with her removed clothing.

Stuart is almost beside himself with arousal and excitement: this absolutely could not be going any better!

A door clicks open, further up the corridor. Quickly, he drops to the seat and sits on it, trying his best to look as if it's a perfectly normal thing to be doing, as the male, fellow-student passes him, making for the stairs.

"Alright?" each asks of the other.

To Stuart's relief, that's it and the corridor is empty again. Nevertheless, he dashes to the stairwell to check it's clear, before rushing back again. Phew!

His eyes return to the exciting slots of delight.

Oh joy, oh absolute joy! Thia is now standing up and stepping out of her comfy trousers. She has on white panties and an unfeasibly long pair of cream socks that cover almost the entire length of her legs.

James is still out of sight, but the huge, high-voltage sex-charge of seeing Thia - quiet, reserved little Thia - just in long, bum-high socks and her pants, and looking totally, unexpectedly, thoroughly sexual and fuckable has Stuart squeezing his own hardness in response.

As she walks over to the bed, the material of her thin, white pants flows about her buttocks which themselves are almost skimming the tops of those socks. Wow!

Then she flattens and smooths the bedding before turning towards her still-hidden boyfriend. This is utterly incredible! Thia now faces Stuart's gaze directly and a frisson of fear runs through him as she seems to look directly at the grating.

Keeping perfectly still, he nevertheless continues enjoy the view. Thia looks incredibly, sizzlingly fantastic, her hips now parked at an angle as she slumps her weight onto one leg while chatting to James.

Finally, James appears in view. Completely naked, he slips past Thia to lie on the bed behind her, manifestly ready for action. She kneels, kisses him on lips and penis, and then gently, slowly strokes her outstretched fingers up and down his erection a few times before standing and walking the few steps back to the chair. She wriggles her pants downwards, steps out of them and stoops to place them tidily with her other clothes.

Then she straightens up again, presenting Stuart with a straight-on view of her long-socked nakedness, those beautifully sized and shaped breasts and a striking, neat little triangle of deepest black bush. She then turns around and returns to the bed, her bum moving in the most deliciously sexual dance of erotic girl-ness as her buttocks bob above the sock tops.

Again she kneels beside James, who has his hands behind his head. Her bum now nestles on her heels as she supports herself on her hands, pressed to the floor beside her knees. Leaning forwards, she takes James' stiffness in her mouth and makes him squirm as her tongue and lips busy themselves upon it.

Stuart can barely believe his eyes, nor the spectacular success of his spur of the moment idea. However, the main thing on his mind is simply the eye-popping, unexpected sex appeal of Thia sans clothes. The shape of her body, her figure, her breasts, her bum... they are just not what he would have expected from a girl who seems to like to be unnoticed and blend into the background.

And then there's that dark little bush! He has seen Thia's tits, bum and bush! Now that's got to be a success in anybody's book.

He starts to become lost in his thoughts and has to jolt himself back to reality, suddenly aware that his mind is wandering when he ought to be savouring the scene.

Thia climbs onto the bed and lies alongside, and then on top of, James. She wriggles around a bit and then they hold each other in a tight embrace, their bodies in full-length contact, locking eyes and then lips. His arms are around her waist, but then he moves his hands downwards to stroke, caress and hold that pert, biteable bottom of hers.

An uncomfortable, guilty feeling of intruding arises in Stuart's mind, a recognition of the wrongness of the situation he's created, but it's not sufficient to stop him. Far from it - he's actually considering pulling off the corridor side of the grating altogether for an even easier view. No, it's not worth the risk nor the lasting evidence of interference, he realises.

Thia turns over and sits between James' legs, facing away from him, to peel off those long, long socks. Once completely bare, she steps down from the bed and places them on top of her other clothes.

Now one hundred percent nude, as she straightens up again she's forever imprinted upon Stuart's mind in all her naked entirety. Who would have expected her to look like that? Like THAT?! What he wouldn't give to be in James' place right now...

The person who IS in James' place right now seems similarly appreciative, and opens his arms to her as she returns to the bed and lies on top of him again. The two of them snuggle and squirm at each other for more long moments, before she frees herself and sits to his side, on the edge of the bed.

Reaching to the bedside cabinet, she slides open the drawer and removes a small box from it, extracts a condom packet and replaces the box in the drawer, which she then recloses. Once she's carefully torn open the packet, she pulls the rolled condom from it and puts the foil packet on top of the cabinet.

Now she kneels on the bed, between James' open legs. Taking hold of his erection half way down with her left hand, she delicately places the condom on his engorged tip.

Stuart's mind jumps into James' head, and he feels a huge, surging wave of additional, bursting arousal as Thia carefully unfurls the latex covering along the length of his rigid member. While doing this, her tongue pokes jokily from the side of her mouth. Oh God, she's so cute.

Precautions now in place, she lies on her back to one side and James turns to face her, reaching his hand between her legs. She pokes the knee that's furthest from him out, sideways from the bed to facilitate the access he needs.

"I'm a bloody genius!" thinks Stuart to himself, wondering why tonight's illicit deed has not occurred to him before - quite often he's heard the sounds of physical pleasures coming from across the corridor. Right now, it's all very quiet, though.

As Stuart continues to watch intently, James now changes position so that he's kneeling on the bed. With her assistance, he slides and manoeuvres Thia in such a way as to position her legs either side of him, and she shuffles her head up onto the pillows.

"Oh, wow!" Stuart thinks, as he anticipates the impending spectacle.

He's not disappointed: James places his face between her legs and within moments the noises start, as she sighs and moans, stretching her legs as wide apart as they will go and rocking her head backwards and forwards as the intensity of the lingually-administered stimulation floods into her.

Before long, she starts to writhe about and she turns her head from side to side repeatedly as the intensifying pleasure seems to stupefy and then overcome her.

The clandestine spectator has been holding his breath, concentrating so hard upon Thia's ongoing, overt and immense sexual rapture that at times he almost shares it. A few minutes ago, he was in James' head, but he has somehow now slipped into hers and although he cannot see exactly what James is doing down there in her firebox, her ecstatic enjoyment of the results is powerfully communicative and the sensations she conveys affect his own genitals absolutely irresistibly.

However, although he's inside Thia's head, her own mind is elsewhere. Hers is being swept helplessly downstream in an overpowering, sexual torrent. She drowns willingly in the flood as she thunders towards her looming Niagara Falls. Then she is cruelly swept straight over the edge, falling, flailing, drenched, gasping and struggling for air as her orgasm erupts within her eager genitals and explodes throughout her entire body, hurling her down the waterfall of unendurable ecstacy and smashing her, breathless, broken and almost destroyed, into the churning water below.

Through his trousers, Stuart grips his excited, solid, swollen rod as he watches Thia's body convulse and writhe, her legs around James' neck, as she cries out, then gasps and moans, the bed creaking and groaning along with her. The sounds are familiar to him, but the visual scene is beyond what he had imagined; the physical manifestation of her orgasm being almost beyond belief. As her back arches from the bed, James' head follows her sex organs on their upward trajectory as he continues his task. Then she lands with an audible thump and stretches her legs out into the air, where they tremble and jolt. Her head threshes from side to side and further helpless noises of gleefully accepted ravishment pour from her mouth unresisted.

Moving back just a little from the grating in order to slide a hand into his trousers and directly stimulate his penis, which has been set aflame with sexual urgency by his witnessing of Thia's rapturous, orgasmic, cunnilingual plight, Stuart can now think only of his own, fierce sexual arousal. He masturbates furiously while his eyes gorge on the sight of her still-writhing, naked body, and he marvels at her feral and energetic enjoyment of the orgasmic ictus afflicting her.

However, he has overlooked his rather precarious situation - in stepping back (and with his masturbatory hand occupied and somewhat trapped within his trousers), he accidentally destabilises the chair, then tips it away from the door and falls backwards to the floor. As he falls, two things happen. First, despite the surprise and the need to save himself, he tries his utmost not to allow the chair to rock forward and strike James' door: he succeeds.

Unfortunately for him, the second thing is something unforeseen. As he lands heavily on the floor of the corridor (it's carpeted, but very thinly), the scissors within his pocket impale his thigh. The sudden pain is enough to spoil his desperate attempts to land quietly: "Ow! Shit!" he cries out, loudly.

Quickly, and despite the pain, he grabs the chair and all but throws it and himself back into his own bedroom. He's injured not just his thigh, but a shoulder too, so heavy was his fall, as he had struggled to free his occupied hand to protect himself.

He closes his door as quietly as he can and, enduring the pain, just sits on the floor and waits. When it's clear that James' door has remained closed, he stands up and drops his trousers to investigate the injury to his thigh.

Surely they must have heard him? Musn't they? Mind you, with Thia in such a state, she probably wouldn't have noticed the massed bands of the Household Division if they had been marching right past her...

Stuart chuckles: that little Thia is quite the performer. He wonders if she realises it herself, or if she's really as oblivious to it all as she seems to be.

His leg has been punctured, but it's only a small wound. However, it's going to be the mother of all bruises. His shoulder feels painful, but things could be worse.

There's still no sound of James' door having been opened; neither of them seems to be investigating the noise. Too busy making their own, probably...

Oh, what a fantastic thing he's witnessed. Not only has he seen Thia stark naked, but also in full, orgasmic flight. It's all so very unexpected; her breasts, her bum, her legs, those socks..., her furry little bush, her gorgeous figure, her stupendous orgasm. He's not going to forget that lot in a hurry. Or ever.

But now... should he stay here in his room and relieve the enormous sexual pressure that's built up between his own legs, or sneak another look at what they're up to? He pulls his trousers back up and opens his door a little. The bed in the opposite room is squeaking again...

Back up on his chair and with his eyes to the vent once more, he sees that Thia has staged something of a miraculous recovery and is currently flat on her back again while James powers into her. Her legs are in the air, but then they grasp him around the waist as he reaches his own mammoth climax, falling upon her as he fires his barrage into her voracious vagina.

They kiss, and then lie together, embracing each other tightly again. After a while, James withdraws himself and disappears from Stuart's view, presumably to dispose of the evidence.

After taking a further prolonged, penis-taunting view of Thia's nakedness as she lies full-length on the bed, Stuart returns to his room.

His own sexual release is quick and explosive: a memorably massive orgasm being the immediate, but astonishingly productive and messy, reward for his daring exploits.

Now he's caused himself a problem. His dangerous endeavour tonight was so spectacularly successful (and Thia... oh, good God, Thia is so eye-poppingly hot with her kit off and it was such a turn on to see her hitting such a huge one...), that he knows he cannot, must not, WILL not leave it there.

The following day, he spots James emerging from his room and makes a point of speaking to him on some pretext about his car. James invites him in. Not a word is mentioned about Stuart's pained cry the previous evening. Furthermore, the vent above James' door is still open; presumably neither voyeuree has noticed or maybe they think nothing of it.

He looks around James' room, noting the layout of the areas unseen and looking for some inspiration with which to continue the conversation. Above the bed is a small poster of a rabbit.

"What's with the rabbit?" he asks. It does seem a bit out of place among several posters of sports cars.

"Oh... ha ha!" I'm not sure you really want to know," James replies.

"Oh, you mean there's an actual, particular reason?" continues Stuart, "No, really, what's that about?"

"You really want to know?"

"Well, yeah, of course I do now..."

"Well it's sort of a little joke about Thia."

"Huh? How's that then?" - the mention of Thia grabs Stuart's full attention.

"Well..." says James, slightly reluctantly, "Well... for heaven's sake don't ever tell her I've told you, but I often tease her by telling her she..."

"She what?"

"Well... she fucks like a bunny! Ha ha. Really... don't ask!"

"Oh, I see! Ha ha. Enthusiastic, you mean? Always the quiet ones, hey...?"

"Yes."

That evening, Thia is back. Stuart's back too, perhaps feeling less nervous than he ought to, emboldened by his previous success. The grating is still open, so there's little for him to do except watch, enjoy and manually self-stimulate.

Thia's doing the work tonight, it seems; still fully dressed but attending orally to James by kneeling at the side of the bed again, while he sits naked upon it.

After watching for a while, it's obvious she's taking her time with it, so again Stuart considers calling it quits and hitting the student bar. However, once more such thinking proves premature, as she eventually stands up and James swivels so as to lie on his back on the bed. As Thia undresses methodically, James seems to look directly at the over-door grille. Oh oh!

The watcher keeps perfectly still; the corridor is not well lit, so hopefully James won't spot anything untoward.

Seemingly, he doesn't, instead diverting his gaze to his disrobing girlfriend, who soon rejoins him on the bed, before enveloping his erection in a condom just as she did the evening before.

The two hold each other tightly for a while, and then Thia adopts a head down, bum up position so that James can mount her from behind. The bed squeaks and groans in time with his thrusts for a few minutes, but then he pulls away and she - familiar with the routine - moves so as to come at him from above.

Suddenly, she's crackling with passionate energy again and is soon bouncing about on his fortunate tool for all she's worth, her breasts along for the ride and wearing an expression that flips between girlish mischief (that exaggerated, tongue's tip poking from the corner of her mouth thing) and a nose-wrinkling, lip-biting fiercer one.

James feels as if his penis is trapped in a milking machine! Not only is she twisting and bouncing upon it, but her vagina has a tight hold of him; it squeezes and stretches him up to and beyond the point of ejaculation.

Stuart, watching undisturbed, is even more baffled than before at the difference between the Thia he thought he knew - the one he bumped into on the stairs yesterday - and this naked, rampant, fuckable little sex-minx, who smiles impishly while delivering the kind of ferocious sexual entertainment that could set fire to boyfriend and bed!

James is finished, but she is not. Letting him free from her vagina, she lies beside him and takes hold of his hand, a finger or two of which she rubs between her own legs for a while, before he takes over to finish the job.

Again, she lifts her bottom from the bed as her orgasm storms upon her. Then her body comes back down and her legs shoot out and stretch rigidly into the air as she gasps and moans her way through another crescendo of ultimate sexual sensations.

Stuart, his fingers again upon his own desperate sex organ, aquiesces to the inevitable. He comes almost in synchrony with Thia, which is fortunate, as her yelps and cries easily drown out his own involuntary, orgasmic vocalisation.

He gets down from his vantage point and quickly returns, with the chair, to his room, where he falls upon his bed, tears off his clothes and repeatedly pushes his unsoftened erection at the mattress. He's unable to come again so soon, but the thought of Thia, her naked body and her sexual antics produces two further, fantastic orgasms for him later that night.

Next morning, as he leaves his room, he notices that the grating above James' door has been closed. Oh oh...

With that, and the unanswered questions that the now-closed vent creates in Stuart's mind, the voyeuring is brought to an end: he dare not risk it again, but the memories will last a lifetime.

In subsequent years, he very often replays those two fantastic nights to himself in his head, but he always wonders... did they know?
