Alec had been screaming for five minutes. James knew this, because he had been watching the slow sweep of the second hand as the minutes ticked by. He wanted the timing to be perfect -- just long enough for Alec to get the full impact of the pain, but not long enough to make him retreat inside himself.

A minute or two more, and Alec would be ready.

It couldn't be soon enough. James hated to watch Alec suffer. Hated to watch, as he fought to free himself from the medical apparatus that held him to the bed, as he struggled to breathe past the bandages that constricted his chest, as he tried to pull away from the casts that both imprisoned and protected him from the waist down, as he tried to twist his head from side to side, despite the cervical collar that held his neck stable, as he tried to arch his back away from the brace that did the same for his spine.

Now was the time. James prepped the syringe, then gently untangled the fingers of Alec's left hand from the sheets. He turned Alec's left arm over -- the right was strapped to his chest to protect yet more broken bones -- and injected the contents into his bloodstream. Then he bent over Alec. Cupped a hand against his cheek, and spoke, loudly enough to be heard over the screams. "Alec. Look at me."

At first, there was no response. James raised his voice a notch. "Alec, open your eyes."

Finally, he got a glimpse of pain-dulled green eyes. "Come on, Alec, look at me." But Alec's eyes rolled back into his head and slid shut.

"Alec…" voice quieter now, to coax his friend out of the depths. Finally, Alec managed to get his eyes open. James could read the plea there, the words that were drowned in the torrent of screams. Help me. Make it stop. Kill me, he'd begged, when he'd first woken up here.

"You'll be all right," James whispered. "Just a minute longer. Stay with me, Alec."

James could tell the moment that the morphine started to take effect. Alec's eyes focused, locked on James. As the drug took hold, Alec's screams faded to exhausted gasps, and he went limp in the grip of the apparatus that held him. The sharp lines drawn by pain softened.

James stroked Alec's cheek, feeling the scars beneath his fingers. Alec was tough. He'd lived through worse than this. It would take more than a few minutes of pain to kill him.

Finally, Alec's breathing was back to normal. "Feeling better?" James asked.

Alec tried to nod, but the cervical collar wouldn't allow even that much movement. "Yes," he whispered, in a voice wrecked from screaming.

"Is there anything else I can get you?"

"Ice," Alec murmured. "Thirsty."

"I'll be right back," James said, and when Alec looked worried, he said, "The freezer is in the next room over. I'll only be gone a minute." He smoothed Alec's hair back, and kissed his forehead. "Just a minute."

As he walked to the freezer, James smiled. Alec was making good progress -- the doctors had assured him that he would make a complete recovery. But he still had a long, painful road ahead of him. By the time it was over, Alec would associate him with the relief that came when the pain stopped. He would be Alec's drug, and Alec would learn to love him again. Then it would be like it had been before, before Goldeneye, before Arkangel, before everything had gone so wrong.

But this time, Alec wouldn't betray him. From now on, Alec would be his.