If I said that what I had just found out didn't bother me, then I'd be lying through my teeth. I was more bothered than anything. All I had ever wanted was for my past to stay my past. Now look! My past is back and I've got a black eye to prove it!

The whole car ride home was crucial. The first 10 minutes was full of anger, on my part. Then Sookie started trying to talk to me and I became annoyed. Of all the times she wanted to talk...it just had to be now! Don't get me wrong I love her to death, but her timing is really bad. When she finally got the message that I didn't want to talk about it I got angry again.

My mind was racing like a horse at a derby. I couldn't keep my mind in control. It was horrible. After what seemed like forever we finally arrived home. I wasted no time in getting out of the car and going into the house.

If what Jonas had said about Drake was true then I'd truly have to watch my back. If Drake were indeed a vampire then I'd have to be beyond cautious of my surroundings at night. Otherwise things might get really bad really quick.

I hated to admit it, but I was kind of scared. Very rarely do I ever get scared of someone or something. Seeing as if Drake and I's last meeting had gravely consequences I was sure that all he wanted was revenge. He may be a vampire now, but he'd only view that as an upper hand over me.

Although, if you think about it he doesn't know how powerful I truly am. Yes, I told him I'm a hybrid, but I didn't tell him what type of hybrid I was. Well, okay I told him that I'm a witch and a human, but not that I was part vampire, too.

Drake knew absolutely nothing about my strengths and weaknesses. I'm sure that it'd come as a big shock to him that I have every strength of a vampire, but none of their weaknesses. I'd have the upper hand then.

I guess that's one of the cool things about having a vampire father and a witch-human as a mother. As an inside joke my sisters and I always called ourselves Vampitchs growing up. It was weird, but it never failed to keep us entertained.

I didn't get a lick for sleep because of everything that had went on. I tossed and turned until I finally got sick and tired of my restlessness around 9:00ish. Thankfully, I had the day off from work today.

Sleep deprived I got out of bed and went downstairs. When I entered the kitchen Sookie was making herself a cup of coffee.

Generously, Sookie offered me the cup of coffee. "You want some coffee?"

I smiled briefly and took the offered cup out of her hands. "Thanks."

She pulled another cup out of the cupboard and made herself another one. "Did you get any sleep?" she asked.

"No," I answered, stirring sugar and Caramel creamer into my coffee.

"So, do you want to talk about it?"

I shook my head, "No, not right now."

"Well, I'm here when you want to."

"Mm...hmm," I mumbled taking my coffee and heading back upstairs to my room. I sat on my bed staring into space for what seemed like eternity. I just couldn't help, but be the slightest bit afraid that Drake was a vampire. The last time I saw him I was sure that he was dead. Now I'm sure that he's back to get revenge on me. To this day I still remember why like it was just yesterday.

Two years ago when we were together we got into this huge fight. If memory serves me correctly it was about me being a hybrid. I had trusted him enough to tell him. I just didn't know that he's react how he did. Actually, it wasn't too long after vampires came out of their coffins. It was a Tuesday night.

~Flashback~

"Selena! You said you needed to talk? I rushed home," Drake called out, walking into the apartment we had shared together for the past seven months.

I walked out of the bedroom and made my way down the hall into the living room where he greeted me with what was about to be our last kiss ever. "Yes, I did. We have some things to discuss before I give you an answer to your question from last night," I told him, biting my bottom lip.

"What's wrong, baby?" he asked, seeing the worried look in my eyes.

Avoiding eye contact with him, I answered, "You might want to sit down."

Without question he did just that. He sat down in the leather chair next to the couch. "Alright, I'm sitting. So, what do we need to talk about."

I closed my eyes and took in a deep breath. Letting the breath out I opened my eyes and said, "I have a confession to make."

"Confession? What are you talking about?" he asked now really curious.

I was afraid to tell him, but knew I had to. I couldn't marry him without him knowing my true nature first. Husbands and wives are suppose to tell each other everything, right? Well, I'm just getting a head start and practicing.

"Whatever it is, baby, you can tell me," he said urging me on, "I'll support you no matter what. I'll always be here for you."

"I'm a hybrid!" I blurted out, shocked by even my own bluntness about it.

The look on his face was of shock, anger, and disgust. Something I'd never seen on his face before.

"I'm a witch-vampire-human hybrid," I continued on when he didn't say anything.

"Hybrid? As in your a supernatural freak?"

"Freak?" I asked, catching that part clearly. "Supernatural freak? That's neither here nor there! What happened to I'll support you? What about I'll always be there for you? How about no matter what?"

He was now standing. "That's before I knew you were supernatural freak!" Before I knew what was going down Drake had caught me off guard and threw me to the ground. I didn't have any time to react before he was on top of me holding me down with his weight.

~End of Flashback~

Seeing as if at the time I was a dumbass...yeah that's right me! Believe it or not, Miss "I'm not scared of anything" attitude, which clearly implies that I'm a know it all...did indeed go through a stupid phase. That phase caused me to think far from my usual thoughts.

I didn't want to give him or anyone else the wrong idea about Hybrid's. Therefore, I stupidly decided to just fight back with my human side. That way it was a fair fight to a certain extent.

~Flashback~

"Drake!" I exclaimed. "Get off me!"

"You worthless bitch!" he hissed.

"Oh, so now that I'm not fully human like you, you get all violent!" I hissed. "If anyone is worthless it's you!" After saying that I did something that made everything take a turn for the even worse. I spit in his face.

As soon as the glob of spit hit his face he started punching me with no mercy out of fits of rage. Each hit seemed to hurt worse and worse. There was just so much of it I could take. Without thinking, I grabbed the nearest object to me and used it on him.

~End of Flashback~

I don't remember what happened after I grabbed the object. Well, I did remember what happened after whatever I did to him with the object. I surely didn't want to get in trouble with the cops or anything. So, I did the only thing I could think of. I disposed of his body.

~Flashback~

I slowly stood up when he fell to my right side. Looking down at him I almost fainted. He looked dead. There was blood coming from the left side of his face. It looked as if I'd cut him all the way from his ear to his jaw bone. There was more blood making a pool around his head. I thought for sure he was dead.

Afraid of the consequences I might face, I made a split decision to dispose of his body. Wrapping his body in a dirty work sheet, I somehow managed to throw his body out the second story window. Surely if I had dragged him through the hallway and down the stairs to the woods someone would catch me red handed.

Casually, not wanting to draw any attention to myself, I walked out of the apartment and made my way to where he had landed when I threw him out the window. I dragged his body deep into the woods to a place where I was sure no one would ever find him.

I buried him under hundreds of thousands of leaves. I figured that if anybody ever did find him it'd be a long time from now and I'd be long gone by then. After making sure that nothing of him or the white sheet was noticeable under the pile of leaves I turned and walked out of the woods.

~End of Flashback~

After all of that I returned to living my life like I usually did. I made up some sob story about how he had cheated on me, I found out, we got into a fight when I confronted him, he hit me, and then he packed some of his shit and stormed out of the apartment.

Fortunately for me everyone bought my sob story and never asked any questions about it. I did my best to forget that all of it had happened. And, I did. Until now.

Now I find out that he's still alive. Well, alive, but undead. He was alive the whole entire time that I had disposed of his body? How stupid could I have truly been? I didn't check to see if he was even breathing that night.

I jumped to an instant conclusion that he was dead. As of really early this morning...I regret not checking, to make absolute sure, completely. But, what's there to do? What's done is done and there's no turning back.