

   Rhiannon's teenage years, part 2

   Chapter 3: Feeling Better, But What's Next?

   After being dropped off by Father McLeary just around the block from
Otter Creek High, just a little before four in the afternoon.  Rhiannon
walked through the front doors of her school with a whole new perspective
on life.  After skipping school to attend Chester McAlister's funeral,
she's no longer grieving for her one time friend and lover.  Her
adventurous morning of first meeting traveling tire salesmen Bob Haskins,
and having a quick sexual fling with him back in a private little shady
place Chester once referred to as Lovers Lane, and then of all things
sucking Father McLeary's cock on her knees in the man's Church office.

   Walking down the halls, passing multiple classrooms where her classmates
all waited to leave for summer break, tasting Father McLeary's almost fresh
semen on her tongue, she feels an entirely new energy of sorts flowing
through her sixteen year old veins.  She contemplates a few thoughts.

   `This morning I was so upset, after finding out about Chester's death.
But now I feel like I've become an entirely new girl.  Doing the things I
did made me feel so strong and in control.  Yes, that's it!  I controlled
those men using my sexual skills.  Hmmm, yes.  I like this feeling.  I made
them happy, especially Father McLeary he really liked what I did for him.
He's good looking too, and he told me I'm almost the spitting image of his
dead teenage girlfriend Maggie O'Keefe.  Now that is interesting, isn't
it?'

   In the reality of her entire last minute not very well thought out plan,
she never expected to windup back at school.  Being as she was so upset
after hearing of Chester's murder, and finding out his funeral was being
held today at Saint Bridget's cemetery, she never planned on getting back
to town.  Although it was so nice of Father McLeary to drive her back, she
never expected to be walking through her high school hallways before class
lets out like she is now.  Turning a corner, she's totally surprised coming
face to face with the school principal Mr.  Baxter, and worst of all her
mother Melissa who's standing beside her husband John Anderson.  Needless
to say, they're both looking very angry at the moment.

   "Rhiannon," Melissa blurts in an angry tone.  "Why in the hell did you
skip school, and go to that man's funeral."

   "What !  No mom...I didn't go to any funeral....Whatever made you think
I'd do something like that....I just didn't feel like going to school
today, so I skipped.  Why are you so upset, it's the last day of school
anyway.  A lot of kids skip on the last day before summer break, it's like
a tradition here at Otter Creek High."

   "Don't lie to me," said Melissa, not buying her story.  "Our neighbor
Mrs.  Jenkins thought she saw you this morning out on Baylor road, getting
into some strangers car.  She called our house to tell us, but we were both
working at the hospital.  She tried calling my cell phone, but I left it
back at Mercy General when John and I were both called out on a trauma
case. When we got back, I listened to her message and we came here looking
for you because she wasn't sure if it was you she saw out there.  Mr. 
Baxter checked the attendance records and confirmed you weren't here. 
Remembering how you acted this morning I called Saint Bridget's church and
spoke with one of the nuns out there, she told me you were there for the
funeral, and Father McLeary was driving you back here."

   The final bell rang and students and teachers flooded the hallway just
as she yells at her daughter in a loud scornful voice.  "My god Rhiannon,
what if whoever you thumbed a ride with would've raped, or murdered you. 
And you know damn well, I would never give you permission to attend that
son of a bitch Chester McAlister's funeral."

   Rhiannon looks about the hallway.  "Mom, please don't yell like
that...You're embarrassing me."

   John sees the pain in his auburn haired stepdaughters blue eyes. 
"Melissa, calm down.  This is not the place for this.  Mr.  Baxter, can we
please step into your office?"

   "Oh yes indeed Dr.  Anderson," said Mr.  Baxter.  "Let's all step
inside, where we can discuss this mater in a more private setting.  Right
this way please." Once inside, he gains order.  "Melissa, please have a
seat, Rhiannon you too please." He takes a seat behind his desk, leaving
John standing.

   "Okay now hearing your reaction to this situation Mrs.  Jones....Oh I'm
sorry about that Melissa, you're Mrs.  Anderson now aren't you....Well
anyway, getting back to the matter at hand," said the middle aged brown
eyed balding principal.  "In my opinion Dr.  and Mrs.  Anderson, I think
Rhiannon should start seeing a therapist over summer break.  And if neither
of you know of one right off hand, there's a therapist friend of mine who
specializes in working with youngsters who've experienced sexual trauma,
such as I know Rhiannon has."

   Hearing this Rhiannon cuts in.  "No Mr.  Baxter....I don't need to see a
shrink.  I've been through therapy before, and I don't need it now.  What I
do need sir, is for my mother to stop freaking out when it comes to my old
friend Chester."

   "Your old friend," said Melissa's, her voice full of angry sarcasm. 
"Yes Mr.  Baxter, she does need to see a psychiatrist.  You know what she
told us this morning, when we found out Chester McAlister was
murdered....She admitted, she's in love with the fucking man who raped
her."

   "He didn't rape me mom." said Rhiannon in a whining tone.

   "You cut that out RIGHT NOW YOUNG LADY," said Melissa, her blue eyes
glaring at her daughter.  She looked back to Mr.  Baxter.  "As you can see,
my daughter is in total denial.  She thinks a thirteen year old girl, which
she was at the time of her molestation, could've fallen in love with a 58
year old man, that's how old her molester was at the time.  Now isn't that
ridiculous?  Yes Mr.  Baxter, give me your friend's number, I'll call him
right now to setup an appointment." She looks at her husband.  "You know
I'm right don't you John.  You heard what she said this morning at
breakfast, before lying to us about meeting her friend Mandy to walk to the
bus stop.  Then of all things she goes to her molester's funeral."

   John looks down at Rhiannon, his brown eyes filled with concern.  "I
agree with your mother sweetheart.  You're going to see this psychiatrist,
and there's nothing you can say or do to change either of our minds about
this."

   Chapter 4: One month later

   His name is Dr.  Michael Hallstead.  Looking the 6'2 slender salt and
pepper haired brown eyed man over, Rhiannon believes him to be at least 45.
Today he's dressed casual as usual in a light blue dress shirt, no neck
tie, tan Docker slacks with brown loafers on his feet.  Removing wire
rimmed reading glasses from his face he asks another question, one of the
same questions her first therapist asked back when she was almost 14 years
old.

   "Tell me Rhiannon.  How do you feel about the things Mr.  McAlister did
to you, back when he first began molesting you."

   It's a hot summer day, and Rhiannon's wearing a white cotton sundress
with thin shoulder straps holding the knee length garment in place.  All
through today's session she's been letting one shoulder strap fall
nonchalantly teasing Dr.  Hallstead, letting the top of the dress almost
fall exposing more of her firm size C breast every time.

   "Well Doc...How do I feel about what he did ?.....I really liked
everything he did to me Michael...Or can I call you Mike...Michael's so
boringly stuffy, don't you think?"

   She leans forward, this time letting both thin shoulder straps fall. 
The dress top falls almost exposing her nipples, she's been cautiously
flirting like this for the entire month of sessions.  And over time, she's
discovering he seems to be enjoying her flirtations.  He scolds her from
time to time, but it seems he's doing that less every time they meet.  His
eyes peer down at her almost exposed nipples.

   "Just call me Mike," he says, not looking away.  "We're friends now
right Rhiannon, there's no need to be formal now is there." He looks away,
maybe realizing his patient is showing true signs of nymphomania, and she's
doing this to arouse or upset him.  He leans to the right, adjusting his
tangled manhood.

   "But Rhiannon, you were way too young at twelve years old to like, as
you say what your abuser did to you.  Now tell me the truth, you really
hated what he did...You were a confused little girl, he made you think you
liked what he was doing to you, that's what really happened.  You see
that's what sexual predators like Mr.  McAlister and his friend Frank Dicks
do, they manipulate girls like you into believing their bull crap."

   She stands up flapping the top half of her dress.  "It's hot in here,
don't you think so Mike," she walks around the room, hiking the bottom hem
of her dress to the point of bareley exposing her backside and black thong
panties.  Looking over her shoulder she catches him glancing at her half
exposed ass.  Now having his attention she answers his question.

   "Oh no Mike, I don't think so at all.  Chester would say things like I
have so many things to teach you, and oh yes Mike he taught me alright!"
she walks his way, looking into his eyes for a sign, softly swaying her
slender hips.  "I wanted to learn what he had to teach me.  You see I've
always been a curious girl, even back when I was very young, way before I
met Chester and his friend Frank, who of all the people I met back then I'd
say he was a true sexual predator...But I'm digressing, I should get back
on topic.  I was talking about myself, the way I was before I met those
men." She stands an arm's length away speaking in a slight flirtatious
tone.

   "You see as a very young girl I discovered, if I touch my pussy, in just
the very right spot." Saying this, she slowly lifts the hem of her
sundress. Holding the hem up she sneaks a hand to her exposed panty covered
sex and begins stroking herself .  "Mmmm, I've always liked playing with
myself, ahh it feels so good, giggle.  Almost as good as the real thing."
Becoming even more brazen, she pushes the crotch piece to the side
inserting a fingertip.  Her body trembles, her voice is but a breathless
whisper.  "Now this feels even better...Oh yes, it does.  Mmm, I love
fingering myself...Fingers are almost as good a man's cock."

   "Rhiannon, stop.  Please, you're acting foolish." She looks into his
eyes, though he's telling her to stop, his eyes are glued to her exposed
sex.  She stops and takes a step forward ending up dangerously close. 
Taking a chance she touches his upper lip, placing her scent just below his
nose.  He pushes her hand away, but her scent has been planted in just the
right spot.  When they first met, she learned through short conversations,
he's a recently divorced man.  Now for the entire month, she's been feeling
him out, looking for a weakness.  Looking into his eyes, seeing his
reactions to her sweet scent she smiles knowing he's ready for seduction.

   Giving no warning she kisses the man, placing one hand to the back of
his head the other to his crotch.  He makes a feeble attempt to push her
away, but it's of no use so he gives in.  The scent of her sex, her soft,
warm full lips on his.  The way she's stroking his growing erection.  And
to top things off, she wore an intoxicating brand of French perfume to his
office.  He's been secretly enjoying this arousing scent since she walked
in, going on almost thirty minutes ago.  She whispers seductively.  "You
want me....I know you do.  You need me," she plays with his cock.  "Yes you
need to shove this big ole cock of yours inside me."

   "Rhiannon...I, we shouldn't," he says making a feeble attempt to resist
this sweet teenage seductress.  But her lips are so soft, the scent of her
sex beneath his nose, the smell of her perfume, its suddenly all too much
to take.  He gives in begging.

   "Yes please Rhiannon, you're fucking driving me crazy with need."

   She drops to her knees as she did for Father McLeary in his church
office last month, she looks up smiling reaching up unbuckling his belt. 
He's now an entirely different man, his brown eyes are filled with lust,
and he's breathing faster.  She tugs his pants and light blue boxers down
with one quick motion, his hard cock springs free slapping her cheek.

   She jokes flirtatiously.  "Oh yes Mike, you do want me don't you baby."
Taking his shaft between her full soft pink lips, she slowly rocks her head
back and forth while at the same time gently caressing his heavy testicles.


   He moans.  "Your beautiful lips feel so damn good Ahhhh." Saying this he
begins gently rocking his hips.  He wants to tell her.  No stop, don't do
this.  It's so unprofessional of me.  You're my patient, I shouldn't let
you do this.  But the words come out.  "Oh yes Rhiannon baby, suck my cock,
make me cum Ahhhh." Looking down, he watches his teenage patient, roll her
luscious lips over the head of his cock then kiss their way down his long
thick shaft.  Holding his nuts, she kisses and licks them.  He moans. 
"That feels so good baby, my ex would never do something like that.  She
always told me it made her feel dirty to do that."

   She looks up smiling.  "I like feeling dirty.  Mmmm, yes feeling dirty
makes my tight little pussy so fucking wet." She exclaims the last of her
flirtatious comment fingering herself, taking her fingers away she offer
them up to Mike.  "Taste me.  I know you want to." He begins sucking her
fingertips, she likes having her fingers sucked.  "Humm, you like how I
taste don't you doc?" That being said, she goes back to work sucking his
erection.  He rocks his hips, gently fucking her mouth.

   "I like how you taste Rhiannon darling," he begs.  "Let me lick your
sweet pussy...Do you want me to eat you baby.  I really wanna eat you,
please let me."

   Hearing this she quickly stands, drops her panties then takes a seat on
his desk with her legs spread wide.  "Yes," she says begging, stroking her
sex.  "Please eat me...Put your tongue and lips right here doc....This is
what needs therapy, not my fucking head....Now eat me damn you." As he
drops to his knees shoving his tongue into her sex, once again she feels
powerful and completely in control.  Grasping hold of his salt and pepper
grey hair, shoving his tongue and lips tighter to her cunt lips.  She moans
rocking her hips.  "Yes now Michael, this is what I call proper
therapy....Oh fuck yes, eat me Dr.  Hallstead."

   And eat her he does.  Using a thumb and forefinger he spreads her open,
not too wide just enough to get at her clit.  Which is now swollen and
sensitive to any sort of touch.  He licks and sucks it, she moans rocking
her hips.  Using his free hand he finger bangs her, first with his long
index finger then adds a middle finger as well.  This sets her off, she
squirts a little as she cums drenching his chin with sweet girl juices. 
"Oh fuck yes....Doctor, you are very good at this." she gasps looking down
at the older man who's doing his best to please her.

   He looks up at her, she smiles seeing her juices drenching the man's
lips and chin.  "Rhiannon," he says licking his lips.  "I wanna fuck your
ass.  Have you ever done something like that baby....My ex wife wouldn't
let me do her like that."

   She chuckles thinking.  `Now who's giving who therapy here.' "All right
doc...Yes I've done anal before.  And unlike your ex I love doing anal.  Do
you know why doc?"

   He replies sounding like the therapist he is.  "Why is that Rhiannon?"

   She chuckles.  "Because there's no way you'll ever get me pregnant, if
you do me up my tight little ass...And to top it off, it makes my pussy cum
too."

   He laughs.  "Well then darling, bend that hot little body of yours over
my desk."

   She wastes no time doing as asked.  He first kneels down, spreads her
butt cheeks and begins licking her anus.  Feeling his hot breath and wet
tongue licking her anus, she cums a little and rocks her hips enjoying this
feeling she once thought of as strange back in her younger days when
Chester did this very same thing to her in his bedroom, during their taboo
affair.  Michael loves how clean and fresh she tastes, there's only a faint
odor, he loves that as well.  After a short while of preparing her anus
with his saliva, he stands then guides the head of his now very hard seven
inch circumcised cock to her brownish pink anus.

   She moans feeling him enter, it has been a long while since she last
experienced anal sex.  At first it seems there's more pain than before, he
goes deeper and her pain becomes pleasure.  She feels girl cum dripping
down her pussy lips, running down her inner thigh.  He begins fucking, with
long slow thrusts.  Going deep, pulling back, going deep again.  Feeling an
orgasm rushing up from somewhere deep within, she grabs the edge of his
desk for support.  He feels her orgasm too, it makes her sphincter grip his
meat even tighter than before.  He grunts.

   "Do you like this Rhiannon, do you like how my cock feels up your tight
ass." He begins fucking her harder.  She replies in a weak breathless
voice.

   "Yes...I like it.....Ugh, ahh.  Yes fuck me doctor...Oh fuck me."

   Hearing her beg, he fucks her even harder than before.  His hips smack
against her firm ass cheeks.  As luck would have it for him, his secretary
is out on lunch break.  Sounds of his hips smacking against her ass, echo
out into the lobby of his office.  She begins moaning louder and louder,
he's moaning and grunting too.  They both begin to sweat, scents of their
sweat and sex fill his private therapy room.  Breathing this in, and
feeling her tight anus gripping his shaft, he feels his semen churning deep
within his groin announcing an impending final orgasm for him.

   Rhiannon's now experiencing a forth orgasm, her entire body shakes from
the pain and pleasure affects of this taboo sexual act.  Coming down from
her cum, she feels Dr.  Hallstead's cock throbbing, suddenly he grunts. 
She feels her rectum being flooded with hot thick warm semen; it brings on
an intense fifth and final orgasm for her.  His knees give way weakened
from his own intense orgasm, he pulls out and falls back onto his therapy
couch gasping for breath and wiping sweat from his brow.  He admires her
upturned firm teenage backside, as she remains lying over his desk, she
herself gasping for breath as well.

   Finally gaining control of her limbs she lifts her well fucked young
body from his desk.  Turning around she smiles seeing the good doctor
Michael Hallstead sitting naked from the waist down, looking as if he's
just ran a 10 k marathon.  Kneeling before him she looks into his eyes
playing with his half erect cock.

   "Well doc, am I cured....I am aren't I," she kisses his cock, giggles
playfully then looks up.  "This is what cured me doctor.  Now I have your
medicine inside, you've cured me Michael.  Now when my mother comes to pick
me up, I want you to tell her you're releasing me.  And if you don't
release me, think of this.  What if this gets around that you had anal sex
with your young patient?  Now that wouldn't be good for your reputation,
would it Dr.  Michael Hallstead." She emphasizes the last getting his
utmost attention, making him realize she might use blackmail to go free of
his therapy.

   He strokes her hair, speaking sternly.  "Okay Rhiannon Jones.  I'll tell
your mother I'm releasing you from my care.  Now here's my end of our deal:
If you ever tell a soul about what we've just done, I'll deny everything
you say and have your pretty little ass thrown into a psyche ward at the
county mental hospital." He smiles seeing her dislike for his end of the
bargain.  "Is it a deal or not," he adds offering a handshake.  Looking
reluctant she shakes his hand.

   "It's a deal," she replies in a small voice.  "Now we better get
dressed, my mother will be her soon." Just as she says this, there's knock
at the therapy room door.

   "Dr.  Hallstead, Rhiannon's mother is here." It's his secretary speaking
through the door.  Lucky for them, she never enters without permission. 
Dr. Hallstead quickly stands and pulls his pants up, Rhiannon hurriedly
slips back into her panties.  Hallstead yells out.  "Don't come in Laura,
we're still in session.  But we'll be done soon." He says this looking into
a wall mirror, combing his hair back in place and tucking his shirt tails
back into the waist of his pants.  Rhiannon stands beside him, brushing her
long auburn hair.  She smiles knowing she's seduced and controlled another
man, and has pretty much gotten what she wanted from the bargain they
agreed to.

   A bout a half hour later, after her mother Melissa finishes her
conference with Dr.  Hallstead, as they walk towards her car Melissa
notices something different about her daughters walk.  It seems as if
Rhiannon's dealing with some sort of pain.  "Hey Baby, are you ok.  Why are
you walking like that."

   "Like what mom," said Rhiannon

   Melissa chuckles.  "Well you're walking like you've had a corn cob stuck
up your butt or something....Are you having hemorrhoid problems or
something."

   "Oh yeah," says Rhiannon realizing her little anal fling with the good
doctor was showing more than expected.  "Yeah mom, I think I do have
hemorrhoids.  I was using the bathroom back at doc Hallstead's office, and
pushed out a really big turd....My butt holes been sore every since then."

   Melissa chuckles.  "Oh Rhiannon, that's a little too much information. I
really didn't need all of your dirty details.  Now when we get home I have
some Prep H in the medicine cabinet.  Just put some of that in your rectum
and you'll feel better."

   "Hey mom, can I drive home.  I got my learners permit this year, but you
and Jonathon don't let me drive very much.  Please let me drive, as Dr. 
Hallstead told you.  I'm a very sane girl.  I can handle your car without
driving us up a tree or something."

   Melissa hands her the keys.  "Alright baby.  Just don't wreck us, I
haven't put you on our insurance yet."

   She got in and started the car, and like any teenager, she turned on the
radio.  Pulling out on to the main street heading through Otter Creek.  A
familier old song begins to play, it's an old 70's tune sang by a once
younger singer of the time named Stevie.  Hearing the lyrics, Rhiannon
sings the song about her name sake.

   `Rhiannon rings like a bell through the night, and who will be her
lover.' She stops singing to ask a question.

   "Mom how did I get my name, did you hear this old song before I was born
or something?  My names even spelled the same as the title of the song."

   Melissa smiles caressing her daughters hand.  "Yes, it's how I came up
with your name.  Your father and I were driving home from a visit to my
gynecologist.  We went there to find out what sex you'd be.  Your dad
always listened to that classic rock station he liked.  Knowing you were a
girl, we were talking about girls names when this old song came on.  And
that my dear girl is how you got your very distinct name.  It's the name of
a Welsh goddess that came from one of their old folk tales.  That's what I
found out when I researched the name." Melissa smiled looking at her pretty
daughter.  "You're named after a goddess baby, that's why your such a
beautiful and special person.  I love you my sweet little goddess."

   Rhiannon's about to reply when her cell rings.  Melissa answers her
phone

   "Oh Hi Mandy, hey Rhiannon's driving right now.  Can I take a message or
is this some kind of teenage girlfriend secret thing.  Yes, honey she's not
grounded anymore.  Well, hold on let me ask.  Mandy's asking if you'd like
to sleep over at her place."

   This is something Melissa never told her, after her therapy session was
over.  She's been grounded for an entire month since she was caught
skipping school to go to Chester's funeral.  Rhiannon replies speaking in
an overjoyed teenage voice.

   "Yes thank you mom, for finally letting me out of the house.  Tell Mandy
I'll come over right after we get home."

   She's so happy to be off of a month's grounding, her sore well fucked
asshole is no longer sore.  And the best part is, she gets to spend a night
or maybe more with her best and only friend Mandy.

   Chapter 5 : Getting Away With Mandy

   After a short walk around the block, Rhiannon arrives at Mandy's house.
After only two knocks a chestnut brown haired green eyed 5' foot 8 teenage
girl answers the door.  "Well don't just stand out there in the heat
Rhiannon, get your tight little ass in here," Mandy says fighting the big
smile appearing on her lips.  Stepping inside she throws her arms around
Rhiannon, planting a big passionate kiss on her friend's lips.  Her kiss of
course excites Rhiannon, who's not at all inexperienced with another girl.
After all, it was her that seduced Mandy.  She looked around the house.

   "I don't think you should kiss me like that Mandy, what if your mom or
dad catches us.  They'd freak wouldn't they?"

   Mandy giggles.  "No that's the beauty of my plan Rhiannon.  My mom and
dad are out of town , on a little weekend getaway.  We have the entire
house to ourselves."

   Hearing this Rhiannon folds her arms around the slightly shorter girl,
and plants her own passionate girl kiss on her lips.  This time the
bisexual girls let their tongues explore each other's mouths.  Mandy slips
a hand under Rhiannon's purple and pink tie-died shirt, grouping her firm
tits.  Mandy's wearing a floral print sundress, lifting the hem she finds
her sweet young friend isn't wearing panties.  Pulling the hem up, she
gropes Mandy's firm teenage ass.  Breaking from the kiss she tells Mandy.

   "I wanna eat your hot little pussy, sit back on the couch and spread
those legs girl."

   Hearing this Mandy pulls her sundress off, revealing firm size A
breasts. Rhiannon's blue eyes trace their way down the girl's body. 
Looking lower, she smiles seeing a slight patch of jet black pubic hair. 
Wanting Rhiannon's expert lesbian attention right away, Mandy falls back on
the family sofa with her slender legs spread wide.  "Well don't just stand
there girl," she strokes her pussy.  "Put your hot little mouth right
here."

   Rhiannon smiles.  "Well hold up a minute, let me get naked too." Mandy
masturbates watching her undress.  She thinks Rhiannon has the best body in
Otter Creek High.  She has secretly eyed other girls from school during
phys ed class shower time, and in her opinion Rhiannon's body is surely the
most well formed of all.  She's tall, at least 5'1o, her breasts are full
and firm and her areolas the size of quarters.  Her nipples are pinkish
brown, they become long like small penises when sucked and played with, and
her ass is nicely shaped neither too large nor too small.  Looking lower
she has best long legs in town.

   Now totally nude Rhiannon kneels then dives into Mandy's hot little
virgin pussy.  Yes her best friend is a virgin; well at least she's never
been all the way, as they say with a boy.  It's not that she doesn't like
boy's, it's because she's maybe a little too shy when it comes to boys. 
Although Rhiannon tells her she's pretty, she thinks she's not.  But at
school Rhiannon's sort of an introvert herself.  But as we know, she's not
at all timid when it comes to sex.  As Dr.  Hallstead did her a few hours
ago, she begins passionately eating her friend's musky sweet cunt.

   Licking it, sucking it while fingering the girl's snug little love box.
Within two minutes she has Mandy, bucking her ass off the couch.  She
shoves Rhiannon's face tighter to her now completely wet sex screaming out.
"Eat me, oh yes eat me!" Hearing her beg, Rhiannon starts finger fucking
her faster while sucking the girl's clit.  Mandy cums bucking her hips all
around screaming.  "Oh Rhiannon, I've missed you so much.  Rhiannon stops
what she's doing and sits beside her.

   "Now you eat me," she plays with her friends small tits.  "Come on girl,
do me.  It's only fair, you know.  Beside the way you were bucking around
when I ate you, I know I've done my job."

   Mandy falls to her knees as if worshipping Rhiannon as a goddess,
although she's never learned the folklore history of her auburn haired blue
eyed friend's name.  If she did, she'd learn maybe she IS a goddess.  She
buries her soft young face and lips between her friend's wide spread legs.
Rhiannon feels the pleasure of good cunnalingus once more.  Feeling Mandy's
tongue and fingers playing stroking and licking her sex, she compares her
friend's skills to Dr.  Hallstead's.  And being as how she craves older
men, she finds his skills might be just slightly better.

   But Mandy has a few tricks up her sleeve, or should I say under the
sofa. Reaching beneath the long family couch, she pulls out a seven inch
long bullet shaped silver dildo.  Giving no warning, she shoves inside
Rhiannon's sex, then turns a small red knob located at the top of the sex
toy, with just a slight twist Rhiannon feels light vibrations from coming
from the devise.  And right away, she cums.  This is now the sixth time
she's came today, counting her orgasms the good doctor gave her before
this. She bucks around screaming out.

   "Yes that's just what I needed...Oh fuck yes, you've made me cum for the
sixth time today...Fuck me with that thing Mandy, fuck me hard baby."

   Still fucking her with the toy Mandy looks up asking.  "You've cum six
times today Rhiannon, you went to see your shrink today.  Now tell me what
kind of therapy did the guy give you....Was it some kind of actual sex
therapy?"

   Fearing she may have said too much Rhiannon fearing she will wind up in
the county psyche ward she belts out half moaning doing a little damage
control.  "Oh never mind what I've just said, just keep fucking me with
that thing."

   Mandy starts quickly shoving her toy deeper inside her pretty young
friend's cunt.  Rhiannon bucks her hips wildly, enjoying every second of
her best friends attention.  Pulling her toy out Mandy licks her tongue
over her girls sopping wet sex, sucking her she drinks up what seems like a
gallon of her juices.  Feelings she's done her job, she takes a seat beside
Rhiannon.  She lying back, eyes half shut.  Mandy kisses her, tasting her
own flavors.  "Did I do good?" she exclaims in a cute voice.  Rhiannon
cracks a pleased smile

   "Yes my sweet little friend...Mmmm, you did me real good indeed."
   End Of Part 2.  
