“Precious Love of my Eternal Rival! I have been searching Long and Hard for you or my Eternal Rival, for we have not had a Youthful Challenge to match our Mighty Skills for a Long Time! If we are to Continue to be the Best Ninjas of this Magnificent Village, we must Keep up our Strength!” Gai sparkled in front of Iruka. “Beloved of my Eternal Rival! I Challenge you!”

“I…er…while I’d…love…to…um, participate…I really can’t right now because…er…” Iruka dug frantically for an excuse to escape Gai’s shininess, any excuse. “I…have to meet Kakashi-san! I, ah, am going to be late.”

The big man’s eye started to water profusely. “I did not know that you were going to meet my Illustrious Rival! Your Youthful Love and Devotions is truly a Beautiful Sight to see! If I have made you late to fulfilling your Distinguished Task, I will Run around our Exquisite Village Two Thousand Times Backwards!”

“Ah…right…” Iruka inched away, but Gai seemed inclined to follow him, all the while spewing flowery adjectives and gushing tears everywhere.

He didn’t think it was possible to be so happy to see Kakashi.

The Copy Ninja was slouching, as usual, as he talked to a blonde tart. Iruka growled. How dare he be talking to empty-headed ditzes when Iruka needed to escape Gai!

The jounin lit up when he saw them. “There you are! I was just telling Tulip here—”

“Hina.” The bimbo corrected brightly.

“—That I couldn’t stay because I had to meet you.” Iruka blinked at the plea in the single eye. Was Kakashi begging him? “And how fortunate that you’ve brought Gai here!” Gai stopped mid-sentence. “Bertha here—”

“Hina.” The hussy chirped.

“—Is very interested in taijutsu and nobody knows more about it than you.”

Iruka had never seen a pleasant expression slip off of a woman’s face so quickly before. Her simpering face suddenly became much uglier.

Gai ignored it. He had burst into a fresh round of loud tears. “You are too Modest and Humble, my Eternal Rival! If it wasn’t for your Extreme Talents that Encouraged me to Constantly Better myself, I could never have gotten this far!”

“Yes, well, enjoy your time with Shelia!” Kakashi grabbed Iruka’s arm and almost dragged him away over the woman’s cry of ‘it’s HINA!’ and Gai’s happy bellows.

“I don’t think I have enough words to thank you for playing along.” Kakashi said a few moments later. “I couldn’t get that creepy stalker to leave me alone! She’s up to no good, and the less I have to deal with her, the better.”

“Don’t have to thank me, I was trying to do the same thing with Gai-san.”

Kakashi gave him a sideways glance, before chuckling softly. “Then it worked out for both of us. Come on, let’s get out of here before they catch on.”
xXxXxXxXxXx
Iruka knew he was in trouble when Yugao and Anko stormed into his classroom with a snivelling Shizune in tow.

Anko wasted no time on pleasantries. “Shizune-san says you’re dating Sharingan Kakashi.”

“And we’re having a hard time believing that you’ve strung us along for so long just to drop us like that.” Yugao said, eyes narrowed.

Iruka discreetly started tucking the workbooks he had been grading into his knapsack. “I haven’t strung any of you along. I was clear from the very beginning exactly how I felt about the matter.”

“Ha! I told you that he wasn’t interested in any of you cows—”

“I believe his exact words were ‘I’m not interested in any of you’, with extra emphasis on the ‘any’.”

The whole room turned and looked. Kakashi lazily flipped another page in his bright book and Iruka wondered how he had gotten that window open without anyone knowing—that one squeaked. “If my memory also serves me, he also said ‘leave me alone’.”

“Kakashi-sempai, how can—

“Why the hell didn’t you tell us that you were gay!” Anko interrupted. “You could have saved all of us the heartbreak and the time and effort!”

“I am not gay!” Iruka snapped crossly.

“Iruka-sensei isn’t gay!” Yugao looked irritated.

Anko put her hands on her hips. “Didn’t you listen? Kakashi-san just said that Iruka-sensei told us that he wasn’t interested in any of us!”

Shizune stopped sniffling. “If he’s gay, then it’s nothing against us.” She seemed to perk up at the thought. “And come to think of it, didn’t he say something about none of us being his type?”

Yugao paused for a moment, then nodded. “That would make sense because I can’t imagine how he would resist any of us for that long if women were his type.”

“Exactly!” Anko nodded. “I mean, here we are, Konoha’s best, and you’d have to be gay not to want a piece of this!” She cupped her breast and shoved them up.

“Did anyone listen when I said I’m not gay?!”

Iruka nearly jumped out of his skin when a long arm draped itself around him. When had Kakashi moved?! “Appreciate beauty for beauty’s sake, eh?” The jounin murmured in his ear. “I’m flattered, Sensei.”

“Fuck off!”

“Such language…you wouldn’t want me to follow those orders right here, would you?” Kakashi’s breath was hot. “Of course, it’s not as much fun when it’s just me, but if you watch, I’m sure we both could…enjoy it very much.”

Iruka twitched and made himself shift his attention to the three kunoichis so he could see if he could escape while they were distracted.

“That would also explain why he wasn’t affected when you flashed him.” Anko was saying.

“To think we were all deceived!” Shizune looked like she was well on her way to some female bonding with the other two kunoichis.

“The forbidden fruit is the sweetest.” Yugao observed.

He could safely escape…if he could get that stupid heavy lump off of his shoulders. He began to plot. Step one, get rid of Kakashi (possible methods: Throw him at the kunoichis, stab him, ask if that wasn’t Jiraiya-sama he saw walking down the street, throwing that stupid book at the kunoichis…). Step two, get out of classroom before said kunoichis started demanding that he make out with Kakashi or something (possible methods: Windows, door, through the air ducts, under the floorboards…). Step three, hide.

He never got a chance to start listing possible hiding places because Kotetsu stuck his head in. “Iruka, the Hokage wants to speak to you.” He glanced at the people in the room and didn’t do a very good job hiding his snigger.

Yugao’s eyes narrowed and Shizune’s widened. Anko just looked unimpressed as Shizune seemed to realise that she had left the Hokage alone for more than five minutes.

Iruka shoved off Kakashi’s wandering hands and scooped up his knapsack. “Thank you, Kotetsu. I’ll be there in a moment.”

The other chunin smirked. “I’ll tell her that.”
xXxXxXxXxXx
Tsunade looked at him over the triangle her fingers made. “Hyuuga Hiashi was just here,” she stated a bit blandly. “He was…not happy with you, to say the least.”

Iruka schooled his face flat. It wouldn’t do to blow up or break down in front of the Hokage…again. “Oh?”

She flipped open a file in front of her. “He is quite unhappy with your teaching methods, and accuses you of disorderly conduct, unprofessionalism, and being a danger to the children.”

Iruka bit the inside of his cheek until he tasted blood, but said nothing.

Tsunade leaned back in her chair slightly, one red nail tapping on the polished surface of the desk. “Those are very serious charges, particularly in your position.” She was silent for a moment. “I’m sure that you feel a need to explain yourself, but I think I know what happened, more or less. There is just one point I would like to have clarified.” She returned to the position that she had been in when she had started talking. “Did you threaten to slit Hiashi-san’s throat with a kunai and tell him that your personal life was, quote,” she glanced down at her file, “‘none of your goddamn fucking business’, unquote?”

Iruka took a deep breath and squared his chin. “Something to that extent, yes, Hokage-sama.”

“Hmm.” She carefully flipped the file shut. “Well, since you are corroborating his story, you know that I will have to do something about this.” She fixed Iruka with a dark glare. “Bad chunin.”

Iruka blinked. “Hokage-sama?”

She shook her finger at him. “Bad chunin. No biscuit for you. Bad chunin.”

He blinked again. Did he miss something?

“Phew! Now that I’ve disciplined you properly…” Tsunade suddenly grinned evilly and shoved a huge stack of papers at him. “I could use your help here. All these idiots seem to think we owe them something and that it’s their business how I do things. If you could do something similar with them like you did with that arrogant stuffed shirt Hyuuga and put the fear of the gods into them—that or scare them shitless, either will work for me—it’d make my life much easier. Now, this complete and utter moron seems to think that if we sell alcohol only for two hours a night on Saturdays, we’ll have fewer explosions…”