Entry tags:

lady luck, spike/xander

Title: Lady Luck 
Part: 2 of 2 
Pairing: Spike/Xander
Rating: NC-17
Disclaimer: I'm not Joss
Summary: 

A/N: This fic is complete. Written for artemis_sparks for buffyexchange . Huge thanks to my fantastic beta, silk_labyrinth and to sentine , who made the amazing banner! 

Lady Luck (part 2 of 2) 

Several years post-series, Xander runs into Spike. Is their luck about to change? From the prompt “It’s just that I’ve been losing so long.”

Part Two

He slept better than he had in forever. Maybe it was the lack of gunshots or screaming outside his door, or maybe it was the completely wonderful mattress with the soft, zillion-thread-count sheets that smelled faintly of lavender. Maybe it was those thick drapes, which blocked out all hints of sunlight so that he was surprised to discover it was well past noon. In any case, he woke up feeling mellow and less sore than usual. His good mood only improved when he discovered that the bathroom—which was a pretty fancy one, all marble and gleaming chrome—had one of those rainforest shower heads, and that the towels were oversized and thick and soft.

He put on some jeans and wandered down the hallway. Spike’s door was closed. But on the kitchen counter, Xander discovered a pink bakery box full of donuts and a coffee maker with a bag of Starbucks Sumatra leaning against it. Xander couldn’t help but grin, although he was really beginning to wonder what the hell had gotten into Spike. As the coffee brewed, Xander grabbed a Boston cream and wandered into the great room. Everything was so neat-as-a-pin that he half-expected to find issues of Architectural Digest or House Beautiful arrayed on the coffee table. The bookcase housed an eclectic collection, everything from some classics in English and Latin, to collections of poetry (Spike seemed to favor Walt Whitman), to Stephen King and Gabriel Garcia Marquez and Clive Cussler.

Xander had a second donut—chocolate old-fashioned, this time—while he drank his coffee and gazed out at the back yard.

When he was finished, there was still no sign of the vampire, and Xander decided to heed the call of the pool. He grabbed a towel from his bathroom and padded outside. There was a covered patio up against the house, and the pool—rimmed in blue tile—sparkled invitingly in the bright sun. A good-sized in-ground hot tub was off to one side. Most of the rest of the yard was attractively xeriscaped with gravel and bushy grasses and a few flowering plants that buzzed with honeybees. One little corner of the yard, though, had emerald sod and a few rosebushes and other, herby-looking things. It looked to Xander like a miniature English garden, which made him smile. Spike must have a yard service as well as a housecleaner, he thought.

Xander glanced around and saw that Spike had been telling the truth: because of the fence and the angle of the slope, Spike’s yard would be free from neighbors’ prying eyes. Still, Xander looked around guiltily once more before he unzipped and then shucked his pants. He spared himself a moment to frown at his marred and pasty-white body, reminded himself that he’d look like a lobster if he stayed too long in the sun, and jumped into the water.

It felt like heaven. Not just the temperature, which was just cool enough to be refreshing without making his balls try to crawl completely into his body cavity, but also the water itself. He hadn’t been swimming in…well, longer than he could remember. Years, probably. He didn’t exactly tend to stay in places with pools. He’d always been a strong swimmer, though, and he remembered wryly his short stint on the Sunnydale team.

As he kicked his way the length of the pool, he realized that part of why he was enjoying his swim was that he was moving, really moving, strong and sure, and his stupid knee wasn’t giving him any grief or slowing him down. The doctors had recommended hydrotherapy, actually, but without insurance he hadn’t been able to pull that off.

He was beginning to tire a little and his skin was feeling ominously warm when he glanced toward the house. Spike was leaning against the wall in the shade of the patio cover. A blue mug in one hand, a cigarette in the other, and wearing his usual black jeans, he stared toward Xander with a look of undisguised longing. Of course, Xander thought. Spike had this gorgeous pool and he’d never know how great it felt to swim with the warm sun on his back.

“Thanks for breakfast,” Xander called out, treading water. He decided not to be embarrassed over his nudity, because he’d already gone through that the night before.

“Did you do enough laps to work off the calories?” Spike asked.

“Probably. But when I get out I’m gonna have another anyway.”

“You’re a good swimmer.”

That was the second compliment from Spike in less than 24 hours. An apocalypse must be near, Xander thought.

Spike watched, poker-faced, as Xander climbed out of the pool and grabbed his towel and wrapped it around his hips. He couldn’t quite hide a grimace as his knee again had to bear his full weight.

“Don’t stop on my account,” Spike said, sipping at what was probably blood.

“If I don’t get out of the sun I’ll burn like a vampire.”

“You used to be tan.”

Spike had noticed his tan? Weird. “I used to not gross people out when they saw my body.”

Spike gave him a long, careful look, like he was noticing the scars for the first time. “I think a few marks make a bloke look more interesting,” he finally said, cocking his own scarred eyebrow to emphasize the point.

“A few scars, maybe. A lot make him look like a puzzle someone put together wrong.”

Spike shrugged slightly and puffed at his cigarette.

The conversation was strange, and the way Spike was looking at him stranger still. So Xander marched past him and into the house. He took another quick shower to get rid of the chlorine and then took his time dressing and combing his hair. He started to put his eyepatch back on, then stopped. “Fuck it,” he muttered, throwing the scrap of leather onto the bed. Spike had already seen the damage anyway. Hell, Spike had been there when the damage occurred and was responsible for the fact that it hadn’t been infinitely worse.

Spike was watching TV when Xander returned to the great room. Xander grabbed another donut—jelly filled—and joined him on the couch.

“Soccer?” Xander said with his mouth full.

“Football,” Spike growled. “Heathen.”

“Bunch o’ guys running back and forth, bonking things with their heads but rarely actually scoring. That’s not football. Football is big, manly men.”

“Big, manly men who pat each other on the arse and wear pads and helmets and hardly ever actually touch the ball with their feet. That’s not football.”

Xander didn’t really even like American football, but he was about to argue the point, just for the sake of arguing. But then Spike clicked at the remote and the game was replaced by a bunch of men in a submarine, all shouting at each other in German. “Had more than enough of that rubbish,” Spike grumbled and changed the channel again. Now they were watching a reality show, a bunch of whiny D-list actors being idiots. Spike snorted and clicked again, to a program in which a British couple was trying to find a vacation villa in Italy.

Spike looked questioningly at Xander, who shrugged. “Yeah, okay,” Xander said.

They watched for a while, commenting now and then on the houses the couple looked at. “I’ll wager they buy the third one,” Spike said during a commercial. “Chit had her eye on that garden.”

“Nope. It’s gonna be the second one,” Xander said confidently.

“The medieval ruins with the 300 stairs? You’re barmy.”

“Want to bet?”

Spike scowled. “You’ll use Red’s bloody mojo.”

“I’m pretty sure the spell only works on cards, not real estate shows. But I’ll still win, ‘cause I know how people are when they see a place they fall in love with. Those people love the ruins. They’re gonna have to spend hundreds of grands making the place livable, but it’ll be spectacular when they do.”

Spike turned his head from the TV and gave Xander another of his considering looks. “You know this, do you?”

Xander pointed at the screen. “Watch and see.”

Sure enough, the couple bought the ruins.

When the show was over, Spike turned the TV off and scooted around on the cushion until he was facing Xander. Spike was still shirtless, his perfect skin tight over hard muscles. “How’d you know?” he asked.

“I told you. I used to be in construction, remember? I know stuff about houses, and I’ve seen what it’s like when people love a home. Like, you don’t love this one, do you?”

Spike’s eyes shifted a little. “It’s nice enough. Just a house.”

“Exactly. It’s a really nice one, too, but you’re not in love with it.” Xander smiled. “There’s no romance between you.”

“And you’re an expert on romance, too, are you?”

“Only the building-related kind. In the human—or, well, nearly human—kind, I’m sadly lacking in experience.”

“No great loves since your demon—since Anya?”

“No great loves even with Anya. I mean, I loved her, I think, but not enough. Not like she deserved.” And this was another strange conversation to be having with Spike, but being honest about it felt oddly good.

“Could be worse. I’ve been in love four times. Not one of them really loved me back.” He said it tonelessly, very matter-of-fact, but he couldn’t hide the hurt behind the words. Before Xander could craft a reply, Spike stood and left the room, only the thud of his slammed bedroom door left behind.

It took Xander a minute to start wondering who the fourth person had been who had broken Spike’s heart.

***

Spike remained shut in his room until after dark, and Xander was just considering whether to get into the Toyota and drive away when Spike emerged, still shirtless. “Going to go soak,” he announced. “Fancy joining me?”

“Sure.”

“Hang on.” Spike stopped in the kitchen and pulled a pizza box from the freezer.

“You keep Freschetta on hand?” Xander asked as Spike stuck the food in the oven.

“Picked it up while you were asleep.”

Xander wasn’t sure what to make of that, so he didn’t comment. Instead, he followed Spike outside, where they both shed their clothing and then lowered themselves into the spa. Spike punched some buttons and the water began to bubble as the jets turned on. Xander groaned.

“Something wrong?” Spike asked.

“Christ, no. It feels really good on my knee. Better than the pool, even.”

“Oh,” Spike said, and settled back against the edge. There was a full moon, and Spike’s skin glowed softly in a way that made Xander think of sparkly vamps, and he had to duck his head to hide a smile.

Then the oven beeped, and Spike rose out of the water to fetch it. When Xander realized he was watching that wet, perfect ass a bit too intently, he shut his eye and leaned his head back against the edge.

“You’re a bundle of energy,” Spike said, lowering himself back into the water. The luscious smell of hot pepperoni hit Xander’s nose and he lifted his head and opened his eye. Spike had set a plate down beside Xander, and was currently biting into a slice of his own.

“I think I’m melting. And I didn’t know you ate the stuff,” Xander said, lifting his hands and allowing them to drip dry a little.

“Now and then. I expect I would have fancied it if they’d had it when I was human.”

They ate in silence for a while, then Xander licked his fingers clean. He lowered his hands back into the tub, to discover Spike giving him a very strange look. “What?” Xander said defensively.

Spike shook his head slightly, as if he were trying to wake himself up. “Nothing.” He sighed. “You were going to tell me what you’ve been doing since Sunnydale.”

“Um, okay. Well, we went to Cleveland first, ‘cause there was supposed to be a Hellmouth there, but that was kind of a bust. So after that we dragged ourselves to Oklahoma instead—yuck!—and Buffy and Faith kind of had it out again. Faith finally took off with most of the Slayers, and Buff decided to go it on her own, more or less. A couple of the girls stayed with. And, um, Buff met this guy…. I don’t know how much you want to hear about those parts.” He glanced at Spike.

“Never mind the Slayer. What happened to you?”

Xander blinked. “Me? I thought—” Maybe Spike just found the Buffy news too painful. “Um, I stuck around for a while, too. But I didn’t get along very well with…well, with that guy I mentioned.” Which was an understatement. Xander had thought Theo was an enormous prick, and Theo treated Xander like a mentally challenged minion. Spike waved Xander on impatiently. “So Willow and Giles had this idea that I could sort of travel ahead, scouting places out, seeing what was what. Which worked pretty well, because if there were demons anywhere in the neighborhood, I always seemed to find them. Or, actually, they seemed to find me. I don’t know why.”

Spike muttered something that sounded like “Smell bloody good, that’s why.” But that couldn’t have been what he said at all. Then, more loudly, he said, “Those people who called themselves your friends just hung you out there as bait, let the nasties carve you up before the rescue squad came in swinging.”

Xander didn’t understand why Spike looked so angry about it. “Well, yeah, but I was willing. And it’s what I was good for. Besides, I wasn’t completely defenseless. I’ve made a few demons regret messing with me.”

“I’m sure you have, whelp,” Spike said condescendingly. “Doesn’t make it any better.”

“Hey, look. I—”

“Forget it. Fine, so you were bait. Tell me about it.”

And, to Xander’s surprise, he did. He talked about his adventures all over the globe—some scary, some exciting, some sad—until his voice was hoarse and he was feeling really waterlogged. And Spike listened intently, asking questions or interjecting comments now and then, seeming genuinely interested, although Xander couldn’t imagine why.

When Xander was talked out, and pretty much caught up to the present day in any case, they both climbed out of the tub. They were reaching for their towels when they bumped into one another.

Afterwards, Xander tried to piece together the sequence of events that ensued. He was pretty sure that his stupid knee sort of wobbled, and that he instinctively reached for Spike to keep from falling. So, arguably, he started it. And then, he was fairly certain, Spike grabbed him back, those strong hands clutching his arms just as they had in the casino when they were first reunited.

After that, though, it got fuzzy.

Someone brought their bare bodies together so that they were pressed close from chest to feet. Spike’s skin was warmed from the hot tub. Someone leaned forward and captured the other’s mouth in a hard, teeth-clacking kiss. Someone grabbed Xander’s ass—okay, that had to have been Spike, but that meant it was Xander who grabbed Spike’s ass back and squeezed. Someone tumbled them roughly down onto the concrete and rolled them over so that Spike was on top between Xander’s sprawled legs, frantically rubbing their hard cocks together, licking and sucking at Xander’s jawline, his neck, his peaked nipples. Someone was panting and moaning and half-screaming curses. That might have been both of them, actually. And then Xander came—he was sure of that part—and a split second later, so did Spike, so that their semen mingled and rubbed into their bellies.

With a final, strangled noise, Spike rolled off Xander and flopped heavily onto his back. They lay side by side, trying to catch their breaths and, in Xander’s case at least, trying to muster some higher brain activity.

The first thing Xander managed to say was, “I’m not gay.”

He could feel Spike laughing beside him. “Fooled me pretty well, love.”

Xander levered himself up on his elbows. “No, I’m not! Really! I mean, I’ve never, um, not with a man…or a male…or a male vampire…or….” He was overcome with the absurdity of the entire situation and collapsed back down, bumping his head. “Ow.”

Spike sighed. “Look, it’s been ages since you got your end away, yeah? Under those circumstances, a young man might not be so choosy over the particulars of his partner.”

“Not so young. I’m almost thirty.”

Spike snorted. “Same age as when I was turned. Still ruled by your dick more than your head, half the time.”

Xander was so confused then he couldn’t even answer. Confused and, well, more. Because even as his and Spike’s spunk dried on him, making his skin itch, he could feel that body atop his, could see that beautiful face above his in the moonlight, and his cock actually twitched and began to fill again.

“Shit,” he said, and with considerable difficulty, he made his way to his feet. He grabbed his towel and decided it was too late to bother wrapping it around himself. But before Xander went inside to take his third shower of the day, he paused and looked back. Spike was still sprawled on his back, unmoving. Gorgeous.

“Who was the fourth?” Xander asked.

Spike’s brow creased into a frown. “What?”

“The fourth one you loved. I got Buffy and Drusilla, and that girl you were into when you were human—“

“Cecily.”

“Okay, Cecily. But who was the fourth?”

Spike’s jaw worked. “Angel,” he whispered, and then turned his head away.

***

“You don’t have to go,” Spike said. “I won’t bloody molest you if you stay.”

Xander paused in his packing. It was the following day, and he’d tossed and turned most of the night, trying to figure out what had happened, trying to reach a decision. “I’m not afraid of you, Spike,” he replied. “I just…what the hell do you want from me?”

Spike looked at him, his face as haunted as a dead man’s could be. In a very quiet voice, he said, “’M lonely.”

Oh, Christ. “I’m not a…a security blanket. I’m Xander Harris, remember? The cripple formerly known as Donut Boy. Or…what did you call me? Droopy. You never even used to like me. I’m not a Buffy substitute, I’m not—”

Spike growled. “I never mistook you for her.”

“Right.” Xander slammed his suitcase shut. He looked around quickly to see if he’d forgotten anything, but then admitted to himself that his few belongings were hardly irreplaceable. He hefted the luggage in one hand and picked up his cane in the other. He brushed past Spike, who stood near the guest room’s doorway. “Thanks for the bed and the pool and the food and…whatever.”

His knee protested especially vigorously as he stomped to the garage. But he ignored it, and he shoved his suitcase into the Toyota’s trunk. He pressed the button to open the garage and got behind the wheel and started the engine.

It was only as he backed out of the driveway and glanced up one last time at the house that he saw Spike. The vampire was standing just outside the garage, his arms hanging limply at his sides. Xander suddenly remembered the taste of him—cigarettes and pepperoni and something else that was probably just Spike—and Xander’s throat closed up and he found himself desperately fighting back tears.

He threw the gear shift into Drive and he left.

***

He ended up in Sacramento. It was too close to Reno and too far from the ocean. But he found himself an apartment there, a real, honest-to-God apartment. It was in midtown, on the second floor of a yellow Victorian that had been converted to a fourplex, and it came furnished. He had a bedroom and a living room and a kitchen and a bathroom with a claw-foot tub. He had a tiny balcony that looked out over the back garden. He could walk to several coffee houses where sometimes he sat all day among students or politician-types, and he read magazines or the newspaper or just sat and people-watched and eavesdropped on other people’s conversations.

He could imagine himself enrolling in the community college, maybe getting a real job. Would people buy a house from a scarred, one-eyed, limping Realtor?

Once, out of curiosity, he went to the capitol building, and he saw Arnold making his way down a hallway with his entourage of flunkies.

The center of state government wasn’t the only thing he was curious about. But he wasn’t sure how to explore his more pressing dilemma, because he didn’t drink and couldn’t dance. But he joined a gym with a fantastic pool, and one afternoon in the locker room he didn’t look away when he saw a muscular guy who reminded him a little of Riley giving him the eye. The guy didn’t seem turned off by Xander’s scars. In fact, he lifted his eyebrows questioningly and, when Xander smiled, grinned back widely.

Xander and Dustin went out to dinner and a movie, just like an old-fashioned date. Dustin was an electrician, as it turned out, and a pretty nice guy. He didn’t back off in horror when Xander told him that he was sort of testing the gay waters. When he dropped Xander off in front of the four-plex, they kissed, and Xander was able to reach a couple of conclusions. One was that he liked kissing men. Liked it a lot, in fact, and he could also picture himself doing more than kissing, and the idea of that was more intriguing than frightening. So, okay. Gay now. Or bi, anyway. He wondered how Willow would take the news. Was there a secret handshake or some sort of initiation ceremony?

The second thing he concluded was that, while Dustin was sweet and handsome and tasted like spearmint gum, he didn’t light a spark in Xander. It was a nice kiss, a pleasant kiss, but it didn’t make Xander want to rip the guy’s clothes off. It didn’t make his heart race. It didn’t make him lose all sense of himself, of who he was and what he’d done.

It wasn’t like kissing Spike.

Maybe Dustin felt just as unimpressed. In any case, he seemed amiable enough about being told good night.

They didn’t try to kiss again after that, or to go out on any dates, but they became friends and sometimes they went out somewhere—a Kings game, a concert in a park, an afternoon on Dustin’s brother’s boat—and they had a good time. Xander hadn’t had a friend in a long time.

Xander dated a couple men after that and, once, maybe just for the hell of it, a pretty girl named Laura who worked in a bank. Again, mostly very pleasant, but that was all.

When he was down to his last $500 he stared at the little pile of bills. “Time to play cards,” he said out loud.

That evening he got in his Toyota—it was still ugly, but the transmission was improved, thanks to a mechanic named Rick whom he’d dated a couple of times—and piloted himself onto I-80. But when he got to Lincoln, home of the Thunder Valley Indian Casino, he didn’t exit. He continued east instead, and before he knew it he was up over Donner Pass and zooming past Truckee, and then he was descending into the Great Basin. The lights of Reno sparkled beneath him, making the Biggest Little City in the World look almost magical.

Even if Reno was no Vegas, there were still plenty of casinos. He passed a few as he drove. Willow’s spell would work equally well at any of them. But still he parked his car in one of the garages downtown and walked outside and then entered the doors of the slightly seedy place where Spike worked.

It was a slow night. A few people sat at the slot machines, mostly old ladies who looked like they’d been sitting there since 1953. The people clustered here and there at the card tables appeared tired and worn and hopeless, as if the casino were some kind of purgatory and they’d never be redeemed.

Xander sat down at a blackjack table. The dealer was a portly, middle-aged guy who nodded at him. There were four other people playing there, three men and a woman, but Xander didn’t pay them much attention. He slapped five twenties down on the felt, and the dealer handed over a pile of chips. And then, as the dealer shuffled, Xander silently recited the Mandarin Chinese words Willow had taught him.

He had about four thousand worth of chips in front of him when he felt a finger tap on his shoulder. He recognized the floorman; he was the guy with the bad teeth and the tat on his wrist. “Boss wants to see you,” the man said.

Xander scooped up his winnings and shoved them in his pocket, and he limped along behind the guy toward the doors in the back of the room. He could feel the eyes of the other gamblers following him, boring into the back of his head.

Spike was behind his desk, wearing a black t-shirt, smoking a cigarette. He gestured at one of the empty chairs and waited for Xander to sit and the floorman to leave. Even after the door was shut, though, he only stared impassively at Xander.

“You gonna beat me up this time?” Xander finally said.

“Why are you here?”

Xander shrugged. “I ran out of money.”

“And you could have stolen from a thousand other places. Why here?” He didn’t sound angry. But Xander couldn’t identify what emotion Spike was feeling.

“I don’t know,” Xander said, completely honest. “I didn’t plan to come. I just sort of…ended up here.”

Spike stared a while, stubbed out his cigarette, lit another. “Fine,” he finally said. “You’ve more dosh now. Go.”

“No.”

Xander felt as surprised by his own stubborn refusal as Spike looked.

“No?” Spike repeated. “Why? Haven’t nicked enough yet? Here.” He opened his desk drawer and pulled out a pile of bills, which he threw down near Xander. “That’s twenty grand. Take it and go.”

Xander goggled at the amount—he’d never seen that much money at once. But he didn’t reach for it, and again he said, “No.”

Spike threw up his hands. “What is it you bloody want, then?” he cried.

Quietly, but firmly, Xander answered, “You.”

Spike’s arms fell down and his face went very still. “What did you say?”

“You heard me just fine, Spike. I want…I want you.”

The look on Spike’s face then—vulnerable, wary, a little hopeful—just about broke Xander’s heart. “You’re taking the piss,” Spike said.

“I’m not. I…. Christ. I don’t have the words, Spike. Maybe there’s nothing between us. Maybe that thing that happened, it was just a fluke. But I don’t think it was. And I’ve been thinking about you a lot, dreaming about you. I’ve been fucking craving you, worse than the way I used to crave booze. I want you…if you’ll have me.”

He hadn’t planned to make a speech. Hell, he hadn’t planned any of this, and he felt like he’d been taken over, maybe possessed again, only the words that were coming out of his mouth were the absolute truth. He held his breath as he waited for some kind of response other than complete astonishment.

Don’t reject me

, he said in his head, like a spell. Please don’t reject me.

Spike stood and walked slowly around the desk. Xander flinched slightly as he came near, but Spike knelt beside his chair, knocking the cane to the floor, and looked up at him. “You left me,” Spike said. “We shagged and I asked you to stay and you ran away.”

“I know.”

“Why?”

“I panicked. I…my head was a mess. More than usual. I was scared.”

Spike lifted his chin. “Scared of me? Scared of the filthy demon?”

“No. I haven’t been scared of you in a long time. And fuck, Spike, you’re the cleanest demon I know. You’re…you’re the strongest man I know.”

Spike closed his eyes for a moment and let out a deep breath. When he opened his lids again, his blue eyes were shiny with unshed tears. “Scared of what, then?” he asked hoarsely.

“Scared of myself. It’s just that I’ve been losing so long. I’m afraid to do anything else.” Dammit, his voice was thick and choked-sounding, too.

Spike cupped Xander’s cheeks in his hands and pulled Xander’s head gently forward. Not for a kiss, but instead to lean their foreheads together. Xander reached out and grabbed the fabric over Spike’s shoulders tightly in his fists.

“All right, then,” Spike whispered. “I reckon it’s time we both learned to win.”

---fin---