For Demonstration Purposes Only
by Arty

JUDGE SEARCH'EM IS PLEASED TO BE OPENING THE LATEST
INNOVATION IN FIELD OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, THE AUTOMATED
PRISON INDUCTION PROCEDURE. UNFORTUNATELY THERE ARE NO
PRISONERS TO BE PROCESSED, SO HOLLY, HIS AIDE, IS CALLED
UPON TO FILL IN "FOR DEMONSTRATION PURPOSES ONLY".

Holly stood alone in the room. All along one wall was a
large viewing window. She could see that behind the window
were the Judge and a group of local dignitaries and all of
them would be seeing her naked in less than three minutes.

A large digital clock on the wall above the exit door was
counting down from 180.

"Prisoner will undress or punishment will be incurred."

Holly started to unbutton her blouse. How had she got into
this predicament anyway? Only this morning she had been
looking forward to helping the Judge open this new prison,
mixing with his guests and keeping them entertained. 'Well
I'll certainly be doing that soon enough', she thought.

"Prisoner will undress or punishment will be incurred."

Glancing at the clock she realised that she had less than 90
seconds to go. What had the judge said?

"The prisoner is given a set time to accomplish each task.
If she exceeds that time then she will receive a stroke of
the strap for each second that she delays."

With more and more urgency Holly stripped off; throwing her
clothing into the box provided. Inexorably the clock counted
down. Every twenty seconds the impersonal voice would
re-iterate the threat. Holly knew that the punishment
strokes were added up and then administered as part of the
'introductory strapping' that each prisoner received as part
of the automated induction process.

"Prisoner will undress or punishment will be incurred."

Paying no heed now to the thought of all the people watching
from behind the glass, Holly frantically slipped off her
panties dropped them in the box and raced for the exit door.

"Prisoner is till wearing Jewellery. Prisoner has not placed
box in receptacle provided."

Holly raced over to the box and desperately pulled off her
watch and her earrings the locket that she always wore and
all her rings. Then grabbing the box she ran to the hole in
the wall and shoved the box into it.

"Prisoner has failed to undress in the time allotted.
Punishment has been incurred. Eight extra strokes."

Holly looked at the clock above the door. It had counted up
and had reached eight before she managed to get the exit
door to open and she was through to the next stage.

"Prisoner has 30 seconds to place herself in the Automated
Search Facility or punishment will be incurred."

Holly walked quickly over to the machine, which was based
around a truncated Ob-Gyn examination table. Lying down she
raised her feet and placed them in the stirrups. As soon as
she was in position straps tightened around her ankles,
preventing her from moving them. She looked between her
spread thighs and realised that the table was directly
facing the viewing window. She blushed to think of the view
that she was providing to the assembled dignitaries that she
could see standing there.

"Prisoner will place herself in the Automated Search
Facility or punishment will be incurred."

Holly's thoughts whirled, what had she forgotten? Oh yes her
hands. Reaching up she placed her wrists in the depressions
above her head. The straps that were there also tightened.
Holly was now helpless to prevent the Automated Search
Facility from perpetrating its indignities upon her.

"Automatic search process starting."

Almost silently, electric motors whirred and Holly felt her
legs being spread inexorably further apart! She blushed
crimson as her exposure was increased, just as she felt that
her legs wouldn't widen any further the movement stopped.

"Depilation procedure."

Holly groaned. The machine was going to take all of her
womanly hair away and make her feel even more naked than she
already was! A small spray attachment raised itself from the
table between her legs and sprayed her pubic hair with
greenish foam. Holly felt the itching and burning that comes
with all of the cheaper brands of depilatory cream and
cursed the Judge for his penny-pinching ways. Finally, after
what seemed an age, the device sprayed cooling water to wash
away the foam, and all her hair with it. Holly strained her
head to look down; she was a bald as a pre-pubescent girl. A
couple of small tears trickled down her face. This wasn't
fair; she wasn't a criminal! Of course the Judge didn't care
about that. If he had his way every women between the ages
of sixteen to sixty would be stripped search twice a day and
three times on a Sunday!

The water spray finished.

"Lubrication procedure."

Another small probe was raised and gently insinuated itself
between her pussy lips. When it was seated properly it began
to vibrate. Damn the Judge! In another, seemingly
public-spirited, nod towards saving the public purse from
unnecessary expenditure the device would stimulate her
natural lubrication! The Judge had felt that since the women
could provide their own lubrication - with the proper
stimulation of course - it shouldn't be necessary to use
anything else! The machine did its job and Holly was unable
to prevent herself from being stimulated to orgasm. She new
that the machine wouldn't stop until the sensor detected
sufficient lubrication. She was just climbing to her second
cum, when the machine abruptly stopped leaving her groaning
in frustration!

"Vaginal search."

A third probe raised itself; it was thicker than the other
two and this one was pointed towards her womanhood in a most
threatening way. Slowly, but with inhuman persistence, it
twisted and wormed its way between her pussy-lips and into
her vagina. Once in place it began to expand! Helpless to
stop it the device expanded until it was possible for the
camera, with it's fibre-optic light, to advance into her
pussy. Above her a large plasma display sprang to life.

The flickering of the display caused Holly to look up, where
she was mortified to see the inside of her vagina was on
display. Holly squirmed uncomfortably, but she knew that she
would be trapped here until this infernal machine had done
its job.

"Rectal search."

The process was repeated, with a few slight alterations. The
stirrups had moved her feet closer to her head and thus
exposed her anus to the eager gaze of the watchers behind
the glass. A smaller probe was used for the rectal search,
but before being inserted into her rectum, it was first
'dipped' into her pussy to ensure that it was lubricated.
Once more Holly cursed the Judge and his parsimonious ways.
Holly groaned as the rectal probe insinuated itself inside
her and began to expand. She closed her eyes in shame as the
pictures of the inside of her rectal cavity were displayed
above her.

Would this be the final indignity? She wondered.

"Prisoner has 90 seconds to provide a urine sample."

Holly's eyes opened and she gasped in shock. She'd forgotten
about the drugs testing requirement. As the impersonal
announcement was made that heralded the worst moment for
Holly so far, a cup-like attachment was raised from the
table and placed itself over her vulva. A gentle suction
ensured that it sealed itself to her smooth and hairless
skin.

"Prisoner will provide a urine sample or punishment will be
incurred."

Holly remembered the Judge's words. "I don't have no truck
with 'bashful kidney'! The sluts will just have to pee on
command or they will get the strap! That'll soon fix any
problems they may have."

She struggled to relax, but the clock counted down and every
twenty seconds the everlastingly impersonal voice issued its
threat. The clock reached zero and began counting up.

"Prisoner has failed to provide a urine sample. Punishment
will be incurred."

As the cold statement was made another attachment in the
form of a small cushion-like pad, came in from the side and
pressed down at the base of her stomach and started to
vibrate gently. Oh sure! Provide assistance now I'm going to
be punished! Suddenly she felt the pressure in her bladder
give way and she peed into the cup. The suction caused a
terrible slurping sound to emanate from the machine.

The sound, rather than the act of peeing in front of all
those people, made her blush again. She looked up at the
clock and noted that it had stopped at 18. That was 18
strokes added to the 8 she already had plus whatever she was
going to get for the 'introductory strapping' anyway!

"Prisoner has failed to provide a urine sample in the time
allotted. Punishment has been incurred. Eighteen extra
strokes."

As she was contemplating her fate, the ASF was returning her
legs to a more normal position and releasing her hands and
feet. As she got down from the table she was mortified to
see the faces of the viewers staring through the window at
her. When she got out of here she would never be able to
look them in the eye again, half of them were people that
she had to deal with every day! How could she cope knowing
that the person that she was speaking to had seen her naked,
had seen her spread open, had seen her cum and finally had
seen her peeing on command?

Wearily she got down from the table and walked to the door
that would take to the next stage.

-Fin-

For now.

