Chapter 4— There is STUFF dripping from me!

Author's Note: Sorry about the long wait. We are… lazy. We also live in different cities and have no motivation to do anything unless we're together, which isn't very often. …Or we're just useless. Whichever is a better excuse.

Warnings: Molestation of the team mascot (AKA Ryoma), molestation of others, cross dressing (seriously, it's in almost EVERY CHAPTER), Tezuka being a little OOC and childish, ninja!Ryoma, and there was something else we wanted to put here but I don't remember what it was.

Disclaimer: Prince of Tennis would not have been on Cartoon Network if we owned it. It would have too much pr0n…

Tezuka sighed and pulled his boyfriend up from the floor. Fuji buried his face in the captain's chest and clenched his fingers in his shirt as it absorbed his tears.

"I'm sorry, Mitsu." The reply was muffled.

"Sorry means you won't do it again, Syusuke."

Fuji shook his head and allowed himself to be laid onto the bed. The taller brunette joined him with gentle hands and words that placated the distraught tensai.

"I hadn't thought it'd turn out quite like that, though," Fuji mused, raising his arms so Tezuka could pull his shirt over his head. He made a noise somewhere between a whimper and a moan as Tezuka suckled at his neck. "Eiji's a good kisser, ne?"

Tezuka narrowed his eyes. "And how would you know that?"

Fuji smiled and cocked his head to the side. "Saa..."

If Oishi had his way, he would have barricaded the door, because really, there was a four-year-old girl in the house, and she probably hadn't quite learned about knocking yet, and he really, really did not want her to come in and see them.

Why they had to do this now, why they couldn't wait until they got back from vacation, was completely beyond Oishi. He'd much rather be in his house where his mother rarely bothered them and his sister was old enough to know not to barge in when Eiji was over. At least there, there were only three people in the house who could hear them, whereas here they were with eight other people, and it just seemed like a bad idea.

But Eiji was currently stripping off his clothes at lightning speed, and Oishi figured that all thought would leave his brain in about ten seconds, so he settled for locking the door and prayed to every god he knew of that Inui or Fuji wouldn't pick the lock.

"You're not getting away with that as an answer, Syusuke..." Tezuka nipped at the slender neck.

"M-mitsu!" Fuji struggled to get the name out as Tezuka rolled his hips down.

"How do you know how well Kikumaru can kiss?"

"No!" Fuji shook his head in protest.

Tezuka smirked. "Jetzt." Fuji moaned. He loved when Tezuka spoke to him in German. He made a noise, signaling his unwillingness to comply, as teeth scraped his nipple. "Jetzt Syusuke..." The tone left no room to disobey.

"I taught him..." Fuji stammered out as his brunette lover continued to reduce him to a puddle of over-stimulated goo.

"When did you do that?" Tezuka pulled away from his position close to Fuji's body to look him in the eyes.

"The day before his first date with Oishi...?" He asked if that would be an acceptable answer with his tone.

"And you never told me?" Their first date had been just days after Tezuka and Fuji had announced themselves to the team.

"No, I thought you'd be angry..." Fuji felt stupid in his reasoning now. When he saw the disapproving looking the captain was giving him he continued, "Mitsu, he was so scared and nervous, and he didn't want to embarrass himself because Oishi had kissed people, and he hadn't...You would have done the same thing if you had seen him. He was so adorably nervous, Mitsu..." Fuji got a rather goofy smile on his face remembering the event. "It was innocent, anyway. I just got him started. He's quite talented on his own."

Tezuka narrowed his eyes and nipped at Fuji's neck again.

Oishi lay in bed, Eiji curled against his side, staring at the ceiling.

He'd thought about sex before, obviously-he and Eiji had experimented a lot, with hands and tongues and all manner of toys, but actual sex had always seemed a step too far. Something they should put off until they were older, but now that argument seemed so stupid because they were practically adults and they'd been together for four years.

And gods, it had been good.

It wasn't supposed to have been, he thought, but then again they'd been playing around for ages and knew what they were doing, for the most part.

If he hadn't been so exhausted, he would have asked Eiji if he wanted to do it again. He rolled to his side and tucked Eiji's head under his chin, letting himself join the little acrobat in slumber.

"So is she dating anyone now?" Ryuzaki tried to break the blanket of silence.

"Yes..." Taka-san wasn't too sure she'd be happy to know exactly who her granddaughter was dating.

"Who?"

"Yumiko-san..." Taka felt himself shrink back a bit.

"Oh... Does my son know?" Ryuzaki tried to smother her apprehension.

"I do believe they both know..." Taka felt himself begin to turn red. This was so awkward.

"Hm... Well, at least I never have to worry about her being hurt!" Ryuzaki smiled.

Taka-san supposed this was true; all three of the Fuji siblings were ruthless when it came to protecting the things they claimed 'theirs'. "But, you're really okay with it? I mean, Yumiko-san is so much older than Sakuno..."

"Well, yes, that's weird for me, but Sakuno's almost sixteen, and she's old enough to make her own decisions. Besides, I'm sure Fuji would have said something to her if he thought something improper was going on."

"Fuji doesn't think anything is improper..."

"I don't want to be uke!"

"Echizeeeeen! Stop being so stubborn! Inui-senpai, Fuji-senpai, and the Mamushi all said you should be uke! Just deal with it!"

"No! Since when do you agree with Kaidoh-senpai, anyway?"

"Since he was actually right about something for once!"

"Was not!"

"Was too!"

"Was not!"

"Was-"

Would you two SHUT UP?" Fuji's voice yelled from the room next door. "You are RUINING my post-coital bliss!"

"Echizen won't be uke though, Fuji-sempai!" Momo dared to shout back.

They heard annoyed footsteps before Fuji barged into their room. Somehow the tensai still managed to look threatening when he was tired and his hair was sex-mussed. Tezuka's shirt was just long enough to cover all the necessary bits. Anyone else trying to look annoyed in such a state would have been cute instead of scary.

"Momo, get out. Echizen and I are going to have a little talk." Fuji started towards the bed. Momo was quick to scamper out of the room. "Now, Ryoma, why are you scared to be the uke?"

Ryoma looked down with a scowl. Red dusted his nose and cheeks.

"Oh, I see. You think it's going to hurt, don't you?"

Ryoma's scowl deepened.

"Do you really think if it hurt that much, I'd be the uke in mine and Tezuka's relationship? Or what about Eiji? We all know he has no pain tolerance..."

Ryoma turned himself away from the amused tensai.

Fuji sighed. He was just going to have to show the stubborn little uke.

"Do you know how much they've... done, then?" Ryuzaki asked, looking like she really didn't want an answer.

"I... don't think that's... no, I don't know."

"Are you lying to me?"

"...Maybe?"

She narrowed her eyes. "Then they've gone much further than I want to think about."

"Probably..."

Fuji plopped down on the bed next to Ryoma. "It's not really that bad, you know... Even the first time, if he does it right, it won't hurt as much as you think it will."

Ryoma just glared at the tensai.

"Would you like me to show you?"

"F-Fuji-senpai!"

"Oh, that's not what I meant. Well, not exactly. Take off your clothes."

Ryoma gave Fuji a suspicious look. "Why?"

"I'm going to show you exactly what's so great about being an uke. Take off your clothes."

"But-"

"Ryoma. Do it."

Ryoma bit his lip but climbed off the bed and slowly started to remove his clothes, his back to Fuji. "Now what?" he asked, attempting to cover himself as he turned around.

"Now, I want you to sit in front of me, facing me." Ryoma complied, and Fuji fished a small tube of lube out of the pocket of Tezuka's shirt.

"Wh-what are you going to do with that?" Ryoma asked nervously. Fuji ignored him and coated his fingers with the slippery substance.

"Just close your eyes, Ryoma."

He complied.

Fuji pulled Ryoma so that the younger boy was straddling the his lap. The hand that wasn't covered in lube hooked under a slender arm to cup the back of the littler prodigy's neck and head. The other hand was busy sliding a long deft finger into Ryoma, making him squirm.

The bronze eyes snapped open and a scowl once again marred his face at the challenging smirk resting on his sempai's lips. He didn't protest, in acceptance of the challenge, and instead lightly gripped Fuji's shoulders to steady himself. Fuji slipped another digit in and began to scissor. It was soon followed by a third, and then he began his search. He knew about where it should be... Ah, there! Ryoma's face twisted in pleasure at the light brush of his prostate. He let that shock of pleasure wear down a bit before stroking the little nub fully.

"AH! FUJI-SEMPAI!" Ryoma shouted as his grip tightened and a wave of pleasure went straight to his groin.

Fuji removed his fingers and smirked. "Now see? That wasn't that bad. And now Momo-chan doesn't even need to prep you. It won't actually hurt until you wake up after the fact." Fuji patted his head and left the room. Momo, who was waiting out in the hall, gave him an inquisitive look to which he replied, "He's all yours."

"Syusuke, what did you do?"

"Just showed him the wonders of being an uke." The tensai stripped off his—well, Tezuka's-shirt and was in the process of slipping back under the covers when a monotone voice said, "There is a ninety four percent chance he molested Echizen, a two percent chance that they had sex, and a four percent chance that Fuji merely talked-" Fuji served a tennis ball into Inui's head.

"I don't think we'll be able to continue our cuddling, Mitsu..." Fuji sighed and grabbed his boxers off the floor. Tezuka groaned in dislike of the idea but followed his uke in getting dressed. They headed for the kitchen for some tea.

"I don't know if I like this all of the sudden..." Ryuzaki's fingers twitched around her teacup.

"Don't worry about it too much, sensei. She really cares about Sakuno-chan." He smiled, particularly at one memory of the oldest Fuji sibling dragging a protesting Sakuno to their practice. "You should have seen her yell at Echizen when she found out how he'd hurt Sakuno-chan's feelings back in middle school. Fujiko began yelling at her for yelling at Echizen. Tezuka called Yuuta-kun to come break it up, but when he arrived they both screamed at him to shut up because he was with 'that stupid Mituli guy.' It was rather funny." Taka smiled brightly at the amused look on Ryuzaki's face.

"Hm, I don't quite understand how it was funny, Taka-san..." They turned to look at the tensai as he entered the room.

"Echizen?" Momo said cautiously, stepping into the room. Ryoma was on the bed, naked (to Momo's mixed excitement and horror), his face scarlet.

"M-Momo-sempai..." the freshman started, his bangs covering his eyes and his hands fidgeting in his lap.

"Yeah?"

"I-I guess... I'll be the uke."

Momo's eyes widened, and then he grinned. "Really?"

Ryoma nodded.

"What exactly did Fuji-sempai do to you, anyway?"

"N-nothing..."

"Ah, Fujiko," Taka-san greeted, laughing nervously, "Buchou. Hello."

"You have a little sister, Taka-san. Don't you understand what it's like, wanting to protect them from people who are just going to hurt them?" Fuji demanded.

"Ah, well, my sister is a little young to be dating, so I don't really understand what it's like with Yuuta-kun..." Taka answered sheepishly.

Ryoma's eyelids drooped as he rolled away from the larger form that had crashed on top of him.

Momo, unhappy that he'd lost his personal teddy bear, placed a large hand around Ryoma and pulled him back against his chest. Ryoma's face burned red as the half-asleep seme cuddled him and nuzzled his neck. He scrambled to get away from the strong arm around him.

"Quit it, Ryoma..." Momo mumbled, nudging him lightly with his foot in reprimand.

"Let. Go," Ryoma growled.

Momo pushed himself up and tried to look Ryoma in the eyes. The little freshman was being a brat...again.

"Let me go Momo-sempai!"

"Geez, we just had sex! You could at least call me by my first name!" Momo's previously annoyed look turned into a pout, "You're supposed to be all happy and sated right now..."

"Tch..." Ryoma scooted to the edge of the bed and pulled the blankets completely over himself.

Momo crawled over top of the smaller boy. "Ryoma..."

Ryoma burst from the blankets and shoved Momo off of him, only to disappear back under the fabric. Momo's head cracked against the footboard. "OW! Fuck!" Momo rubbed his, now throbbing, head. "What is your problem!"

Ryoma sat up. "Are you okay?"

"No! We just had awesome sex and now you're pissed off! What the hell is wrong with you?"

"What's wrong with me?I can't play tennis out here, you keep calling me by my first name, Fuji-sempai put his fingers in places they shouldn't be, and I'm sore and tired and there is STUFF dripping from me!" Ryoma growled at his sempai.

Kaidoh held down his laughter as Ryomoka twirled more bandages around Inui. They had dragged the analyst into his proper bedroom after discovering him passed out on the floor of the master bedroom, Tezuka and Fuji's.

"You have to go now, Kaoru-nii-chan, visiting hours are over!" She made a shooing motion with her hands before using a butterfly clip to secure the white gauze that shrouded the analyst's body.

"Okay." His eyes flicked to Inui's glass-masked ones mischievously. "You take good care of Haru-nii." Kaidoh left the room and trotted downstairs to get a glass of water.

"Are you sure it's a good idea to involve yourself in your brother's affairs, Fuji?" Ryuuzaki-sensei asked.

"Of course it is. Kaidoh, you'd involve yourself in Hazue's relationships if they were abusive, wouldn't you?" Fuji asked sweetly as he spotted his kohai.

Sempai, the worst thing that could happen is Mizuki-san could replace everything Yuuta-kun owned with its' purple clone, Kaidoh thought. When it came out of his mouth it was a much shorter, "Hai, Fuji-sempai."

"Fuji, Mizuki doesn't abuse Yuuta," Tezuka argued.

"He consciously pushed Yuuta's arm way past its limit just so he could beat Echizen, and it could have completely destroyed his arm. If that's not abuse-"

"That was three years ago."

"Haven't you ever heard the phrase 'A zebra can't change his stripes', Tezuka?"

Tezuka sighed. Honestly, Fuji had to be the most stubborn person he'd ever met in his life. "Perhaps Yuuta wants to be with Mizuki."

"You don't understand, you don't have younger siblings. It's not about what he wants, it's about what's best for him."

"He can decide that for himself, Fuji, he's sixteen years old."

Taka stood up hesitantly and made his way toward the pair to stop the argument, but the double glare he received was enough to stop him in his tracks.

"Fuji, now do you really think that's fair to Yuuta? You were well into a relationship with Tezuka at that point were you not?" Ryuzaki sensei stepped in when Taka-san couldn't.

"Yuuta's different," the tensai quipped in a sad attempt at defense.

"No, you're just stubborn," Tezuka muttered.

Momo and Ryoma came barreling down the stairs at that moment. Kaidoh took his water and headed back upstairs to check on Osakada-sensei.

"Oishi, quit moving!" Eiji kicked the other boy slightly. A few minutes later, his pillow, Oishi, moved again. "Oishi, cut it out, nya~!"

A giggle cut through his mental fog. "Are you sure Syuu-nii won't mind us using his camera?"

"Shh," Inui's voice said. "They'll hear you. I must teach you stealth, Ryomoka-chan."

"Like ninjas?"

"That's right."

"Cool."

Eiji was awake instantly. "Inui! What are you doing!"

Inui smirked and held up Fuji's camera. "Why, I'm teaching Ryomoka-chan the fine art of blackmail."

"Momo-chan, why is Ryoma-kun flushed? You couldn't have been running that hard." Fuji surveyed the boys.

"Um...lack of oxygen? We are in the mountains, Fuji-sempai," Momo scrambled for his half-assed answer.

Fuji smirked. Momo was a very bad liar. "No, I don't think that's it," the tensai said conversationally. "Was it something you two may have been doing, perhaps?"

"Doing? N-no!" Momo said, his voice unusually high. Ryoma pulled his cap down over his eyes.

"I don't know, Momo. You weren't, say, molesting our favorite kohai, were you?"

Momo stammered something unintelligible.

Ryoma looked at Momo as if he'd asked for a death wish, having heard something along the lines of 'stupid sempai.' He scooted himself towards the table, where a half-full Ponta can he had earlier abandoned awaited him.

"Well Echizen, was he?" Fuji's semi-sweet voice froze the boy just before he could pick up the can.

"Mada mada dane." He regained his composure quickly enough to at least mutter out his catch phrase.

"Hnnnn, that's too bad, Momo-chan. All that pent up sexual energy." Fuji waved a hand over his shoulder flippantly as he turned to pour the now hot water into his and Tezuka's tea cups.

"Get out!" Eiji yelled, quite red in the face, whether from anger or embarrassment it was hard to tell. Inui swooped Ryomoka up and left quickly. He'd seen the acrobat mad a few times and he didn't want to be around during the aftermath.

Oishi opened his eyes and pulled the redhead down against him for a hug, knowing he was upset now. It wasn't the best way to come out of sex induced sleep, especially when it had been their first time.

"Leave them alone, Fuji," Tezuka scolded.

"I was just teasing them," Fuji defended cheerfully. "I'm really happy for them, actually. We all know they get the least action of everyone on the team."

Momo flushed. "Fuji-sempai, just because you're a sex maniac..."

The tensai's eyes flashed dangerously, and Momo immediately regretted saying it. Oh, how he wished he had a time machine...

Eiji snuggled into Oishi's embrace. "Nya, Inui's a big jerk," he mumbled grumpily. "How would he feel if someone just came in and started taking pictures of him and Kaidoh after they..." The acrobat's cheeks reddened and he found he couldn't bring himself to say it. "Especially when he knows it was the first time."

Oishi stroked Eiji's hair, attempting to calm the fuming redhead down. "Well, it's better than walking in during it."

"Nya, I guess so…I just was really looking forward to waking up in Oishi's arms, not to Fujiko's camera…" Eiji nuzzled Oishi's neck in a cat-like manner. Oishi's fingers wandered down the other boy's back soothingly.

The next morning, Tezuka and Taka were up before the rest of the household. They were having a calm conversation when they heard light footsteps. The rest of the house was soon to wake after Ryomoka came out of the golden and emerald pairs' room and shouted "Good morning!" loudly. Most of the regulars had gathered in the kitchen when a yelp and thudding came from the stairs.

Reluctantly Tezuka got up. Whatever had happened, it was Fuji's fault. The only other person not congregated at the table was Kaidoh, and he wouldn't have done anything to cause trouble, not when he wasn't with Momoshiro anyway.

Tezuka reached the bottom of the stairs. Kaidoh was a few steps from the bottom, clutching the railing for dear life. Fuji stood near the top; a strained smile let the captain know the tensai knew he was in trouble.

"I really didn't mean to make him fall, Mitsu. How was I to know Kaoru was averse to being hugged?"

Tezuka grunted as he surveyed the littler brunette. He was in yet another of his…costumes, but Tezuka had to admit Fuji looked smashing in leather.

Kaidoh frowned. Fuji definitely did not just hug him! He had… touched him, in places he really wasn't comfortable with anyone besides Inuitouching him!

"What did you do to him, Fuji?" Tezuka asked, trying his best to ignore the tensai's head-to-toe leather dominatrix costume. Fuji smiled, idly swinging his whip in circles.

"I'm just living up to my reputation, Mitsu," he said sweetly, sauntering down the stairs. He stood on his tiptoes to press a soft kiss to Tezuka's cheek, then continued on into the kitchen.

Tezuka sighed and held a hand out to Kaidoh, who took it and let Tezuka pull him up, blushing. "He didn't hurt you, did he?"

"Er… not as such, Buchou," Kaidoh said, embarrassed. "Just… well, he's wearing that outfit on for a reason."

"F-Fuji-sempai?"

Fuji smiled seductively at Momo, who was sitting in a chair at the kitchen table, his fork halfway to his mouth, and draped his arms around his kohai's shoulders. "Good morning, Momo-chan," he said, nuzzling Momo's cheek.

Momo blinked. "Um. F-Fuji-sempai, what're you—"

"Just living up to my reputation as a sex maniac, Takeshi~!" A hand ran down the second year's chest.

Momo yelped loudly, much like Kaidoh had only moments ago, and jerked his chair back. Fuji stepped out of the way smoothly and turned away with a coy wink.

The tensai was about to grab the back of Eiji's t-shirt when Tezuka caught his wrist.

"Stop it, Fuji." Tezuka ground out. Fuji frowned and tried to pull his arm out of Tezuka's grasp. Tezuka did not relinquish his grip. "I'm serious. Stop it." He let go.

Fuji whirled around and marched up the stairs, being just as dramatic as usual.

"Ne, Buchou, it must be terrible to be on Fujiko's bad side all the time…" Eiji had turned around in time to see Fuji start walking away from his boyfriend.

No more terrible than getting on Inui's bad side, Tezuka mentally quipped.

"Haru-nii, what'd Syu-nii do?" Ryomoka asked from her place on the analyst's lap.

"He did things to Kaoru-chan that only I should do," Inui explained vaguely, tightening the arm that was wound around Kaidoh's shoulder.

"Don't worry about it, Ryomoka-chan," Kaidoh mumbled.

"What did he do, Mamushi?" Momo asked.

Kaidoh glared at him and hissed, "Worse than what he did to you..."

"Kaoru-nii, do you think Mommy and Daddy will let me stay with you longer?"

Kaidoh patted her head. "I hope so. We'll find out soon."

If he was being completely honest, Fuji loved when Tezuka was angry with him. Because while Tezuka was a very stubborn person, particularly when he was upset, Fuji knew exactly how to get him in bed during these times, and angry sex was probably the best type of sex he and Tezuka had ever had, apart from make-up sex. There was something about being yelled at in German that made it really kinky. Like he was doing Hitler or something.

Now, however, Tezuka was not being very easily persuaded at all. He'd spent the last half-hour doing everything he could think of to get Tezuka to give it up, and it just wasn't working. In fact, Tezuka hadn't spoken a word to him since he'd got done ranting about Fuji acting so slutty.

"Mou, Mitsu, the silent treatment is so childish!" Fuji whined, seating himself in Tezuka's lap. Tezuka ignored him, crossing his hands over his chest.

-

"Ne, Ryomoka-chan, why are you so attached to the snake?" Momo asked, quirking an eyebrow.

Ryomoka shrugged and hugged Kaidoh tightly. "Kaoru-nii-chan is nice, even though you think he's mean and grumpy, Momo-nii..."

Kaidoh blushed and slowly wrapped his arms around the pig-tailed form to return the hug. "Fushuuuuu..."

-

Tezuka pushed Fuji off his lap roughly before grabbing his wrist and leading him towards the door.

"Ittai, Mitsu-chan, that hurt," Fuji pouted as he let himself be dragged down the stairs.

Tezuka spun around unexpectedly, and Fuji ran into him. "Syusuke..." He couldn't finish. His hand let go of Fuji's and he continued walking down the stairs.

Fuji's eyes opened and mild confusion flickered through them. "Mitsu-chan, what?" He ran down the stairs after his boyfriend, pausing only to tug his shoes on at the door. "Kunimitsu!" He managed to catch up and snag Tezuka's hand about halfway to the cars. "Kunimitsu, what were you going to say?"

"Why should I tell you?" He whirled on his smaller companion. "It hurts me every time you flirt with our teammates, Syusuke!" He glared into clear blue eyes and punctuated each word with a jab of his finger to the uke's chest.

Fuji's eyes were wide-open in shock. "I... I don't mean to-"

"You know it bothers me, yet you continue to do it constantly, and what you did with Echizen was just too far-"

"Kunimitsu... it's just for fun, you know that." Fuji gave him a desperate look. "Of course I'm not interested in any of them like that."

Tezuka closed his eyes for a moment, trying to keep his temper under control. Finally he said, "You shouldn't have to do that with them to have fun. I..." He flushed, knowing this was a completely un-Tezuka thing to say. "I should be all you need."

"Kunimitsu, I-I'm sorry..." Fuji wrapped his arms around Tezuka's waist. "I love you. The last thing I want to do is hurt you."

Tezuka resisted the strong urge he had to hold the tensai. "Go change, Syusuke, unless you want to meet the Osakadas in leather."

Fuji looked down at his outfit. "Ah, I suppose I should..." He looked down in a depressed and ashamed manner before walking back into the house with as much poise as he could muster.

Tezuka slipped into Ryuzaki-sensei's car and leaned back to put his head against the head rest, a heavy sigh escaping his lips.

"Buchou, Fujiko-chan doesn't do it on purpose, you know." Eiji peered up at him through red bangs.

Tezuka quirked an eyebrow, waiting for him to continue. He silently wondered what light the acrobat could shed on the situation.

"It's your fault too. You're not really what anyone would call affectionate towards him. He just wants your attention..." Eiji trailed off, and Oishi picked up from the front seat.

"He really loves you, Tezuka, and he wants you to show everyone that you love him too." Oishi smiled at him amicably.

Tezuka mulled the information over for a moment, reminding himself what usually happened when Oishi gave advice, before his thoughts were interrupted. Fuji opened the car door and slipped in next to Tezuka. He had his side pressed against the wall of the car so as to not touch Tezuka. He wasn't sure if any contact would be wanted at the moment.

"Fujiko, why are you dressed like a girl again?" Eiji leaned forward to look at his best friend.

"I don't know if the Osakadas would appreciate having their little girl stay with a bunch of teenaged boys. If there's one teenaged 'girl' then they should be less wary," Fuji said, staring at his lap quietly. He felt the redhead's stare on him and began to tug at the hem of his teal Seigaku skirt.

Tezuka sighed. He didn't want to see Fuji so sad, and even less did he want to be the cause of it. Fuji's voice sounded in his head: "I love you. The last thing I want to do is hurt you."

Fuji looked so dejected, and Tezuka hated himself for feeling guilty about it. Fuji had been crossing lines ever since they'd gotten together at the end of their third year, and Tezuka had rarely actually done anything about it, but now Fuji had just taken things too far, and he deserved to be punished, didn't he?

Still, Oishi and Kikumaru were right about one thing. He'd never been very affectionate with Fuji, except during sex, and that just further proved how insensitive he'd always been with his boyfriend, always acting like sex was all he was interested in.

Making up his mind, Tezuka put his arm around Fuji and tugged the brunette to his side, pressing a kiss to his temple. Fuji glanced up at Tezuka, surprise clearly written on his face. At the small smile Tezuka gave him, he grinned widely and snuggled into the embrace.

Oishi and Kikumaru smiled at each other. Synchro could be useful outside of tennis too.

"I don't like the idea of them thinking you're a girl, Syusuke," Tezuka whispered into the honey-brown hair.

"For Ryomoka, Tezuka," Fuji chided.

Tezuka frowned at the use of his sir-name-that would have to be fixed. "I like you better as a boy."

"Tezuka..."

"What about when Ryomoka calls you Syu-nii?"

"Hn!" Fuji grunted as Tezuka's lips touched his ear.

Tezuka pulled away from the mass of over-stimulated nerves known as his boyfriend. He couldn't help that the tensai was so sensitive, could he?

"How come Syu-nii is wearing an outfit like Tomo-nee's?" Ryomoka asked.

"I don't know, Ryomoka-chan, but you should probably call your Syu-nii 'Syu-nee' for now..." Momo snickered.

"There's a seventy-five percent chance Tezuka is unhappy with his wardrobe choice," Inui said. Behind his glasses his green eyes were bright with anger. He was still mad at the tensai.

"Inui-sempai," Kaidoh said, "don't be too mad at Fuji-sempai."

Inui frowned at his kohai. "Kaoru, what he did to you-"

"Wasn't all that terrible. He's already upset because of Buchou as it is, don't make him feel worse."

"He deserves it," Inui muttered.

~TBC~

A/N: Um, all right, so, we have an explanation as to why this chapter sort of doesn't make a whole lot of sense, though it's not a very good one. You see, as you know, the chapters of this that were saved on my computer were deleted some time ago, and because we are lazy, horrible people, we didn't want to take the time to rewrite the whole scene we lost, so it's about two pages shorter than it was, and now it seems all discombobulated and whatnot. So sorry about that random time skip business there in the middle. We forgot hat happened that night, and we're too uncreative and lazy to come up with something better. (Scarlet: In short, DO NOT USE THE GEEK SQUAD THEY DELETE SHIT OFF YOUR COMPUTER!)

Other note: That German word Tezuka says up there, Jetzt, means now in English….demanding isn't he? ^ ^