Start the car I know a whoopee spot
Where the gin is cold
But the piano's hot
It's just a noisy hall
Where there's a nightly brawl
And all that jazz

~ Fred Ebb

Snowdrifts line the street and build up in the doorways. Even after New York he isn't quite used to the cold. Piles heavy blankets on the bed at night, turns the heating up to full, stokes the fire. He finds he spends the days shivering and miserable, layered in his long underwear, suit, and overcoat; staring out the window at the thick white swirls, and people scurrying by in scarves and hats beneath him.

The hotel is swanky though. Room service and a big Zenith floor model radio. Views out over the park and a wide balcony. The sheets on the bed are of smooth, soft, crisp cotton, the carpet thick and deep beneath his feet, the pictures on the wall all geometric shapes, sunbursts, and ocean liners. He doesn't know how long he'll be able to stay here in such luxury, wants to enjoy it whilst he can.

He orders up a plate of sauerkraut and pastrami on rye, drumming his fingers whilst he waits.

Herb doesn't mind him spending his money on room service. Smiles indulgently when the invoice comes through- five glasses of milk, a plate of fried chicken, red grapefruit, and hard candy; then orders up his own dinner of stuffed quail and a black market bottle of Pinot Noir.

He'd met Herb his first night in Chicago, at a little jazz spot he'd stumbled across, a shadowed little door hidden down a shadowed little back ally.

He'd been twitchy all night, shot to bits on coffee and bourbon, over-tired and restless, fingers drumming against his leg in syncopated rhythm, smiling too bright and too wide at any one who looked his way. Already he'd got caught up with a fella in the bathroom, barking his elbow on the sink, laughing as the guy fumbled with his belt and braces.

Seven good shots of bourbon, hold the soda, on an empty belly. A handful of dry crackers the night before and a few cashew nuts. Twenty five cigarettes. A slug from a flask that held some clear, thickened liquid, that tasted sweet and made his eyes swim after the first gulp. Three more gulps just to be sure.

Then it had been dancing. A little awkward on his feet and knocking into other couples as he'd twisted and jived his way across the floor. The music had been second rate, too much drums, too slow in the quick sections, trumpets disconnected from the rest of the brass, but there was a sweet little clarinet that drew his attention, and just sometimes the whole came together.

Trying to find that swing in the bottom of a bottle and he'd stumbled into Herb, literally. Knocking into him hard enough to send the other man's drinking crashing to the ground, ice and liquor and glass all slick and shattered beneath his feet. He'd wanted to laugh at the irritation on Herb's face, the pout on the man's thin lips, the deepening lines of his frown, but had managed to curb himself, instead apologizing sweetly and buying him a fresh drink.

And Herb - ?

Herb had smiled at him then, frown smoothed away, one hand reaching out to cup Jensen's elbow.

And asked him where he was staying.

The space of less than an hour- Jensen letting words ramble out his mouth the way he only does when he's running on fumes, skin prickling every time Herb smiles at him to continue, or brushes his fingers light against the back of Jensen's hand.

And then they were in the elevator of Herb's elegant hotel, reflections of themselves mirrored back from the glass walls, and Herb's hand ghosting down his back and lying heavy and possessive over his ass.

After that, Jensen reckoned everything was his own damn fault.

Herb wasn't a bad man. Not really. Jensen knew where he stood with him, knew when he could sass back, when he should watch his mouth.

And it wasn't so awful that Herb didn't want him going out to jazz clubs on his own any more. As Herb kept telling him, Chicago was a dangerous city. Something might happen. He might get hurt.

There was plenty of jazz on the radio now, what reason could he have to go out?

There's a knock at the door and Jensen rolls to his feet to collect the room service. He smiles at the bellhop, forgetting not to be too friendly as Herb has tried to teach him. The kid is good looking, smooth dark skin, and gorgeous wide smile, and Jensen almost – almost – asks for his name.

The food is good and he curls himself into one of the armchairs as he turns on the radio. There's a jazz program scheduled to start in another ten minutes and he doesn't want to miss a moment of it. Maybe after he'll take a bath. He can't get enough of the bathtub they have here. More hot water than he could ever use, enough to fill a thousand bathtubs. And the ability to just soak, just lie there, in deep rich bubbles and soak, feel the heat of the water sinking in right down to his bones.

Sometimes it seems he cannot even remember when he just had a copper tub, three inches of water from the kettle lining the bottom.

The radio switches from the news and he lies down on his stomach in the middle of the floor, letting the vibrations wash through him as the jazz program starts.

Eyes shut, he can almost make believe he's there, almost imagine the smell of smoke and sweat, listening just at the edge of the bandstand, catching the musicians eyes whenever they looked his direction. A bass kicks into the tune they're playing and he groans.

The sound is good, low and rumbling heavy through his gut, low and with bursts of sweetness and despair.

The sound trembles through him, bones turning to molasses, making him feel wobbly even where he lays on the floor.

A voice starts singing and he gives himself up to it, rocking his hips into the ungiving hardness of the floor. There's a deep, throaty tone to the vocals, thundering words of the South and dying far from home, words of those left behind, words of being lost and dying alone. It's the perfect accompaniment to the bass, and he can feel every cadence dance and shake through him, like low pulsing waves spreading out from his belly down to his toes.

He twists onto his back. It's not as good, not as real and close like this, staring up at the corniced ceiling, glare of electric light bulbs in his eyes, but it means he can take himself in hand. He undoes his fly quickly, pulling himself out and tugging at his flesh in beat with the music.

It takes three songs. Two slow bluesy numbers, twelve bar and steady as anything, before the radio program switches up the tempo and it's suddenly all improvisation and not knowing what note to expect. His hand can't keep up, can't quite find the rhythm, and as that voice starts to sing again, deep and slow in counterpoint to the bright, hot rhythm he loses it and comes sharp and desperate across his hand.

Herb holds him down on the bed and presses into him sharply.

Nails are digging into the skin at his hips, and he can hear the hiss of radio from the other room, dead air and static.

Outside the dull whirl of snow continues to thud against the window.

He twitches as Herb tightens his grip, and feels bruises begin to blossom slow and sullen on his flesh.

Herb had arrived back in the hotel suite to find him sprawled across the floor, pants undone, a sticky mess across his clothes and half asleep.

His hips jerk and he stares down into Jensen's face.

It had been too sudden, not enough time taken, not enough care, and Jensen winces as Herb slams into him again. He's sore, feels achy and raw, like he wants to twist away, like he wants to curl up somewhere alone and lick his wounds.

Herb pulls Jensen in harder by his hips, gouging scratches deeper into his skin, and growls at him to stay still. "Stupid fucking boy." Another slam. "Stupid fucking little shite."

"Sorry." It's too much, and Jensen feels apologies and tears bubble out of him like he's seventeen again and pissed his daddy off once too often.

Herb pulls almost all the way out before thrusting in again as hard as he can. "Such a stupid fucking little boy." Herb convulses, body tightening, holding himself as deeply within Jensen as he can, whilst he stutters, then pulls out sharply.

Jensen rolls to the side breathing hard. When he gets up to go to the bathroom he isn't surprised to find blood.

It's late by the time he arrives at The Star Flower Ballroom.

Too late.

The band is all packed up and on their way out. Shouldering heavy cases full of trombones and saxophones. He leans against the brick doorway, shivering in the cold, small puffs of steam appearing every time he breathes.

"Look, kid, a few of us are going on to a party," the guy shrugs, viola case tucked beneath his arm and music stand in hand , lopsided mouth twitching up in the corner. "You can always tag along I guess, if you wanna. No crime in turning up to a party is there?"

Jensen nods, "Thanks."

It's late and his body hurts and he wants to sleep, but beyond that, beyond the sharp pain in his backside every time he moves, beyond the bruises he can feel on his hips, beyond that raw ache and exhaustion he just really wants to listen to some music.

"Not a problem, kid. Look like you could do with a friend is all."

Jensen just shakes his head.

The party is in a tall narrow house, spilling onto each of the three floors, and into every room. He starts in the front parlor where a rough four piece has gathered. Two cornets, a fiddle, and a guitar. It reminds him of those long gone days in Arkansas and the rag tag bands he saw playing each week at the barn dances.

He thinks of Christian as he listens to the music. Of his sharp blue eyes and pretty smile as he showed him how to play the guitar.

How Christian had never once taken from him something he did not want to give, and had kissed him so very slowly only when he was certain that Jensen had wanted him to.

It's been years and he wonders if Christian still lives there, that little nothing town of Haywards Bend, if he still saves stupid young boys from making mistakes with Saul, still traps animals and brews up moonshine on the hillside.

He gulps down whatever drinks are doing the rounds as he listens to the quartet, rough alcohol burning the back of his throat. He drinks everything from piss poor whisky, to even worse vermouth. He stamps his foot and nods along with the time, and most certainly does not once turn his mind to Herb, who is probably still sleeping and does not yet know that Jensen has left and has no intention of coming back.

Moving deeper into the house, back into the kitchen, he lets various party goers mix up outrageous cocktails for him, throwing them all back without a wince, listening to them laugh and cry out for him to drink more, down more, more and more and more.

Upstairs, and he lets two guys, both horn players, kiss him and touch him, hands curling around the nape of his neck and stroking his cheek. His head spins and he doesn't object as they pull his jacket from his shoulders or unbutton his shirt. They stumble through to one of the bedrooms and then Jensen is up on the bed and he can see out of the corner of his eye people watching.

People watching as his skin is bared and ever more of his clothes are stripped away.

He decides he doesn't care.

His head is spinning and he does not care and arches into each touch the two men leave on his skin, and just wishes the four piece downstairs would play a little louder.

Through his bleary eyes he cannot tell them apart. They both have dark blond hair, slicked neatly back, and dark suits and ties on. Each touch feels the same. A hand wrapped around his shoulder, a mouth pressed to his throat, fingers twisting sharply at his nipple, another hand pulling at his thigh.

He hears the murmur of the onlookers, wonders what he looks like to them. Pale and bruised, debauched perhaps, but not attractive.

Too many men have left reminders on his skin, scars and bruises and pale, pale skin that looks as if it has never seen the sun.

His eyesight swims again as more hands try to maneuver him up onto his hands and knees and he thinks he sees a dark shape standing at the foot of the bed. A dark outline of a large man staring at him and he has the sudden urge to hide, to cover up his body and hide his face in the bed sheets and not come out until that large dark man has gone and cannot see him any longer.

Instead he throws his head back, eyes shut, and lets those many, clever hands position him as they wish.

He stumbles to the bathroom, empties his stomach into the toilet bowl, and decides to stay there for the rest of his days. The light hurts, his stomach hurts, he aches from his hips and ass and cock, and he spits out another long stream of vomit.

A wet flannel is pressed into his hand and he cannot even think of looking up and saying Thank You for the kindness as he stomach heaves again.

Eventually there is nothing left to throw up, and a strong arm hooks beneath his elbow, picks him up, and helps him back to bed.

When he wakes again, he looks at the thick white cotton of the bedding, the carafe of water on the nightstand, the bull fiddle standing in the corner and lets out a moan.

"You well enough to speak yet?"

His shoulders tense as he hears Jeff's beautiful low voice rumble forth. He shakes his head. "Would it save me if I said no?"

"Depends what you need saving from, sweetheart. Because I'm fairly certain it's not me."

Jensen pulls the sheet up high, so it covers him from his chin down. "I at your place?"

"Yeah, I somehow didn't think it wise to leave you at that party once you had passed out."

"And you..." Jensen cleared his throat, face suddenly flushing red. "You saw what I was... Before I passed out, you were there, and you saw..."

Jeff nods and steps closer, stands at the bottom of the bed looking down at Jensen. "Saw you attempting to kill yourself by drink and sex." His mouth was a grim line, and Jensen noticed for the first time the flicks of gray in his beard. "Hell of a way to go."

"Wasn't like that. I was drunk." He shrugs his shoulders. "Didn't mean anything. We all get drunk now and again." He remembers the smell of tobacco and resin, fingers prying his mouth open, more fingers pressing in and up. "No harm was done."

Jeff closes his eyes for a moment, then comes to sit on the side of the bed beside Jensen. "See, now, that is easy to say. But I know you. I know you, Jensen. I watched you night after night in New York, watched how you always kept your wits about you. This isn't how you act."

"You're wrong. This is exactly how I act. This is exactly who I am." Jensen levers himself upright, the sheet dropping to his waist, baring his chest with its litter of bruises and scars. "And you don't know me at all."

Jeff gives him one small sad smile before gripping his chin and turning his face towards him fully. "Where do you come from, Jensen?" It's the same question he's asked back in New York. "I still want to know. You're still my little mystery."

"I ain't from anywhere."

"Nonsense," Jeff leans in close, pressing his nose to Jensen's temple. "We're from somewhere. All come from somewhere, or try to escape from somewhere. Even you, sweetheart." He huffs a laugh into Jensen's hair. "But you can keep that mystery if you really need it, there's enough other things about you that I want to learn, enough other things about you to assuage my curiosity."

His heart is beating too quick, strumming tight and fast in his chest. He still feels hung-over, dried out and head achey, and he wants to go back to sleep not answer Jeff's questions.

Jeff's fingers ghost a line along his collarbone and he shivers as the touch scrapes over dull bruises.

"What else is it you want to know?" he whispers.

"I want..." Jeff presses a light kiss to his forehead. "I want to know what you were like as a kid. I want to know who gave you these bruises, these scars." Jensen flinches but Jeff carries on regardless. "I want to know what piece of music gets you going the fastest, and how old you were when you first heard a real jazz band."

Jeff smoothes a hand across the nape of his neck, and helps settle him back down comfortably onto the bed, covers pulled high about his ears.

"Most of all, darling, I just want to hear you sing."

"Sweetheart," Jeff breathes against the nape of his neck, damp and warm. "Time to wake up." Fingers stroke lightly over the soft skin behind his ear. "Coffee's on and I'm going to figure out something to eat." Blunt nails scritch pleasantly over the knob at the top of his spine, sending lazy shivers down his back. "Time to shift yourself."

He rolls over, blinking up at Jeff, thoughts realigning themselves, aches and soreness and bruised muscles stirring.

Jensen yawns and holds himself still.

He doesn't remember falling asleep, remembers nothing but Jeff's hands slowly petting his hair and rubbing the tension from his neck and shoulders, body still heavy and sluggish with hangover.

"C'mon," Jeff holds his hand out, smiles small and crooked. "Up."

Jensen slowly lets Jeff pull him from the bed. He's naked, gooseflesh prickling up his arms and running in fast cold little circles around his chest and belly and legs; Jeff holds out a flannel robe for him, and he shrugs into it, pulling the belt tight around his waist.

"Time?" He asks, glancing out the window at the dark sky.

"After nine." Jeff leads him into the kitchen, pouring out a large mug of coffee, and rifling through the cupboards.

Jensen nods slowly to himself, burning his tongue slightly as he takes a sip of coffee. He's slept the day away, curled in Jeff's bed, dreaming of –

A steady drum beat and the house lights going up, wail of trumpet, Jeff's hand warm and hard against the small of his back, his Mama's soft voice singing lullabies.

Hush-a-bye, don't you cry, Go to sleepy little baby, Hush-a-bye, don't you cry.

"Jensen?" Jeff touches his wrist, fingers brushing light over his pulse. "Pork and beans alright?"

"Yeah," Jensen nods. Jeff's kitchen is small and cramped; cupboard doors hanging loose off their hinges and sickening yellow water-stain on the ceiling. He leans back against the counter as he watches Jeff grab down a saucepan and rummage through an overcrowded draw for the can opener.

He's aware that he's feet are twitching and fidgeting as he watches Jeff fumble to get the can opened. He digs his toes into the thin pile of Jeff's carpet and wonders idly where all Jeff's money must have gone.

He takes another sip of coffee, letting the liquid sit in his mouth a moment before swallowing.

Jeff's apartment in New York had been swish, fur rugs and wood paneling, floor space enough to fit the little makeshift house Jensen grew up in three times over.

Here, the carpet runs out before it meets the walls, and damp pervades the air like mildewing newspaper and wet dog.

"Fuck. Damn." Jeff jerks and curses as his hands slip, jagged metal from the half opened can slicing into the meat of his palm, blood welling up sure and rich. The can drops nerveless from his hand spilling pork and beans across the floor. "Jesus mercy."

Jensen takes Jeff's hand before he can do any more damage, wiping away the blood that continues to bubble up and trickles down his wrist, checking for any little shards of tin. "It's not deep." He turns on the faucet and hold's Jeff's hand under the cold water, until he can see the pink uneven line of the cut.

They use a handkerchief to bind around his hand, and Jeff laughs before they scrape the sticky mess of pork and beans and tomato sauce off the floor.

After searching through the sparse selection left in Jeff's cupboards Jensen fries up eggs with a handful of chilies and canned tomatoes instead and just smiles when Jeff asks him where he learnt to cook.

"Well, that's a pretty sight to come home to."

Jensen stretches out lean and pale, body naked on Jeff's bed, drawing up one knee and stroking a hand down his belly. The snows haven't started to melt yet and as he parts his legs a little further he thinks about drawing the thick woolen blankets that are piled up at the foot of the bed over himself.

"Been waiting for you," Jensen murmurs. He hasn't been here long, not really. Arrived back an hour ago with a new job and three dollars in his pocket. Slowly stripped and waited for Jeff to return from rehearsals.

"That so, sweetheart?" Jeff steps close, cups his hip with one warm calloused hand. "That's nice."

He arches and rolls his hips holding his breath.

Jeff's hand twitches, tightening for a moment, fingers digging in lightly, maddeningly, into the flesh of his hip, before letting go and moving away.

"What?"

"Nothing, darling," Jeff soothes. "Only we've got somewhere to be and you're going to be far too distracting if you don't put some clothes on."

Frowning, Jensen sits up slowly. "Where are we goin'?"

Jeff smiles, wide stretch of mouth and even white teeth. "You'll see."

It's a segregated part of town, and they walk past a little hamburger joint spilling yellow light onto the sidewalk. There is a small wooden set of stairs to the side of the building, rickety with age, dull red paint coming off in great flakes, each step creaking painfully beneath their weight.

"Where -?" Jensen starts before he hears it. Low, deep, booming tones. Twelve bars and a voice as dark and pained as a hundred years of blood and struggle.

His breath catches and he almost sways as he listens to the hurt and strength in that voice.

Jeff grabs his hand, tugging him forward and pushing open the door.

It's small inside, only five small round tables and a serving hatch set into the wall. The singer is seated on a high stool, no stage or lights fixed on him, but drawing every eye in the room. He has a beat up old guitar and must be pushing sixty, body large and powerful, hair graying and eyes shot through with red.

Jensen pauses at the entrance, skin prickling, sweat gathering at the base of his spine.

"Come on," Jeff whispers to him and pulls him over to a couple of empty seats.

There's the smell of hamburgers and onions, cheap meat frying in even cheaper grease, overwhelming the other scents of sweat and tobacco and perfume.

The singer finishes his song and stops for a long slug out of his hipflask. Jensen collapses back against his chair, mouth hanging open and drawing in deep gasping breaths.

"That's Little Silas Brown." Jeff leans over, mouth just a fraction from Jensen's ear. "He's been playing here for near on twenty years. Before that he picked cotton and worked the railroads."

"He's..." Jensen shakes his head, and fumbles for Jeff's hand, squeezing it tight.

"Yeah, sweetheart, he is."

Little Silas starts up again and Jensen leans forward, heart jack-hammering in his chest. His nails are digging into Jeff's hand, fingers crushing the bones but he can't seem to loosen his grip any, and he wants to shift over, straddle Jeff's lap, shut his eyes and sing.

The window is open, spring light and fresh in the air, newborn birds singing out sharply to their parents. Jensen sweats and clutches hard at the bedding, Jeff's tongue snaking down the long grove of his spine.

It's a sweet torture, his stomach flipping as Jeff drops kisses at the small of his back, large hands smoothing up over his thighs and ass, small calluses dragging against his skin.

"Please," it sounds too much like a sob for his taste. Too desperate. Too needy. "Please, Jeff, don't tease. Hate it when you tease."

"No you don't." And the rumble of Jeff's voice suddenly just there makes him moan despite himself. "You love it when I tease. Makes you crazy."

"Bastard," he spits out, then sighs and Jeff licks up and into him finally. Finally.

It's too good. Makes him rock and shake. Makes him feel like he did the first time he heard Armstrong play, like his bones had melted.

Then Jeff pulls away and he curses at him again.

There's a low echoing laugh and then Jeff's hand smacks sharply against his ass, one clean slap low down where his thigh meets his back side and he is gasping and bucking, a low whine torn from his throat.

"You like that?" Jeff rubs at the sting, hands rough and ungentle, tracing the hurt of it.

He shakes his head, not trusting his voice.

"You sure about that?"

He expects to feel it again, the tight, violent explosion of pain and pleasure as Jeff's hand crack down on him, but instead a kiss is pressed wetly to the sore ache.

"Anyone ever done that before?"

Jensen bites at his lip. "Daddy liked to beat me."

A hand smoothes down the line of his spine, "Not what I meant, Sweetheart. I don't mean some bastard trying to beat the piss and vinegar out of you." Fingers skate over his ribs and lips nuzzle against the back of his neck before teeth sink dully in. "I mean someone giving this to you, their hand spanking down hard and good, 'til you're about ready to die from it." Jeff pauses, "You just think on it, Jen."

Jensen tucks his head in and doesn't reply, waiting as Jeff just strokes his back slowly.

Then Jeff shifts and hands are opening him up again, easy, unhurried movements and Jeff's breath fluttering against him, and making him twist and gasp.

Faint touch of tongue, smooth and hot, neat little licks that are never going to be enough.

And then in.

In and deep and good.

He shivers and quakes as Jeff presses and twists, babbles out inanities, and drawls out that he's ready, that this is all he needs, that he can take whatever Jeff gives him, though he knows that Jeff won't stop until he's certain that Jensen is loose and relaxed enough that he can just slide home, no resistance anymore, just sweet boneless heat welcoming him in.

A cool breeze plays over his shoulders, drying the fine sheen of sweat there, and Jensen lets himself go, lets his body drift with the sensations, the heat where Jeff presses his face, the slight chill around his shoulders.

When Jeff begins to hum Everybody Loves My Baby he almost laughs but then he is suddenly there. Body locking and trying to jack off the bed, waves crashing through him as he yells and comes.

It's a Tuesday night, quiet, with just a handful of patrons dotted about the club, when Jensen first steps up to the microphone, opens his mouth and begins to sing.