The Notebook— HUMP-ty dumpty

A/N: It's The Notebook's second birthday! That's right, two years ago today we started writing The Notebook on our way back from a vacation to Tennessee. We can hardly believe it's been this long. So, in honor of this very special day, make sure to leave lots of reviews. ^.~

Scarlet's A/N: You know what else today is? Katie's last first day of high school! It's so UNFAIR! I've been in school for two weeks already! T.T

Disclaimer: I don't even own my sanity anymore (you can thank calculus)….Katie doesn't own her sanity either, due to the fact that I use excessive periods in my ellipses, which she must edit out. If we don't own our collective sanity how can we own Prince of Tennis?

The first year quickly wormed between his captain and the resident tensai. Fuji, at this point, was shocked out of his crying and was wondering what on Earth Echizen Ryoma thought he was doing. Ryoma huddled up against his captain, shaking with adrenaline. The door opened not a minute later to reveal Momoshiro Takeshi clad only in his boxers.

"Where is he?" Tezuka, who had thrown his arm over a slightly stiff and rather unresponsive Fuji in reflex, could almost see the dark aura emanating from the second year.

"Who?" Tezuka decided to play dumb for now; it wouldn't serve him to have one of his players mauled by his seme, pun intended.

"Ryoma!"

"He's obviously not here. One hundred laps for disturbing us, now." He gave Momo his best 'I am Buchou and you better listen to me or face my uke's wrath' look. Momo left without further comment, shutting the door slowly. The dark glare still set on his face.

Fuji rolled over, and Tezuka pulled the comforter back to reveal one terrified-looking prince of tennis. They both stared at him, not knowing what exactly to say or ask.

"Echizen?" Fuji said hesitantly, prodding Ryoma's back. The first year looked up at him, eyes wide and terrified.

"Is he gone?"

"Yes. What happened?"

"I-nothing." Ryoma took one of the pillows from their bed and stood, covering himself with it. "Um, now that he's gone, I think I'll just go back to-"

Tezuka cut him off, yanking him back onto the bed by the arm. "What's going on?" After what had happened with Fuji the day before, he was feeling very paranoid about abusive semes.

"Well you see, he went to take a shower after we." He looked pointedly at Fuji, as the activity was something the blasted tensai had told him about. "And when he got out all of our clothes were gone and the cat outfit you guys made me wear was in his suitcase. He thinks I did it!" Ryoma laid limply between the sempais.

"Did you?" Fuji cocked an eyebrow.

"No! I was asleep!" Ryoma looked indignant and scooted himself closer to his buchou.

"That's not it, is it?" Tezuka stated more than asked and pulled the blankets back over them all. It was getting a bit drafty.

"No..."

"What else, Echizen?"

"Well he pinned me on the bed, and I woke up. Then he asked me where his clothes were and I said, 'I don't know, Momo-sempai!' and he yelled at me for not calling him Takeshi. But Takeshi just sounds so weird! I can't call him that!" Ryoma wrinkled his nose. "And then I called him 'Momoshiri' as a joke and he got really mad..." Ryoma trailed off here.

"Well, it's a good thing you're so little," Fuji sighed. "Otherwise you wouldn't have been able to hide between Tezuka and me."

Ryoma glared at the tensai. "I am not little."

"You're the shortest Regular," Fuji pointed out.

"And the youngest!"

"Momo was at least a foot taller in his first year of high school than you are now."

Ryoma glared at him. "You're short too, Fuji-sempai."

"Ah, but I'm comfortable with my height. But, that's not the point. Maybe you should stay here, Echizen. Momo's clearly not in his right mind at the moment. Stay here and wait it out, and if he comes back we'll keep you safe."

Ryoma looked at the tensai apprehensively, his cheeks coloring. "But I'm... naked."

"So are we."

"That's even worse!"

Fuji chuckled, nuzzling Ryoma's shoulder. "Is Ryoma-kun worried his sempais are going to do naughty things to him?" he purred.

"Fuji-sempai!"

Fuji tilted his head to the side, and then he smirked. "I think I just thought of a way to get back at Momo..."

"What's that, Fuji-sempai?"

"'Syusuke,' Ryoma, 'Syusuke'..." He leaned down and rubbed his nose against the little prodigy's cheek.

"F-fuji-sempai, stop it!" Ryoma squirmed closer to Tezuka. "Buchou!" he demanded.

"Ah-ah-ah," Fuji tsk-ed, "'Kunimitsu.'" Ryoma squirmed more as his sempai hovered over him. "First we lure Momo-chan up here, then..." The rest of the plot was whispered.

"I've been dating Tachibana An-chan," Taka smiled shyly.

"Really?" Eiji looked up at him in mild surprise.

"Hai."

"Congratulations then, Taka-san," Oishi said with a smile.

"Mou, what's that noise?" Momo asked to no one in particular as he came up from his laps.

"Kunimitsu~! Syusuke~!" Loud wanton moans floated down the hall.

Momo's eyes widened upon recognizing Ryoma's voice. Calling out Fuji and Tezuka's names. Their first names. No honorifics, even.

"Harder, Syu-chan! Oh, God..."

"You like that, Ryo-chan?" A sharp smacking sound came from the bedroom. "Tell me you like it."

"I like it!" Ryoma moaned.

"Tell me you like it when I smack your ass."

"I like it when you smack my ass!"

"That's a good boy. Oh, Mitsu, can he be my new project? We can mold him into the perfect little sex slave. He's practically a virgin, he's got so little experience. And now that he's done with Momo..."

"WHAT?" Momo pounded on Tezuka and Fuji's bedroom door. "FUJI-SEMPAI! BUCHOU! OPEN UP!"

"Momo, what's wrong?" Eiji, Oishi, and Taka had dashed up the stairs. Inui and Kaidoh came out of their room looking sleep disheveled.

"What are you doing, you idiot," Kaidoh growled, still tired.

"But he...they...I-" Momo stopped as he heard the door open behind him and a fully clothed captain and tensai emerged.

"Saa, what's wrong, Momo?" Fuji questioned.

"Where's Ryoma?"

"He was with you, wasn't he? After all, you are his boyfriend..." The tensai quirked an eyebrow.

"No. He was in there with you. I heard him! You were spanking him!" He pushed past his sempais and looked around the room. Everything was in its place, save the mussed bed cover.

"Really, Momo. This is insane... Mitsu and I were just sitting here talking about our upcoming departure." Momo ducked and looked under the bed, just to be sure.

"I... I guess... Sorry to disturb you..." Momo walked out in a slight daze and entered his room, shutting the door on his way in.

"Well, I suppose we should all go back to what we were doing?" Oishi looked around at everyone. Tezuka and Fuji waited for the rest to depart before entering their room again. Fuji clicked the door shut behind him, leaving Tezuka to lock it.

Fuji giggled as he moved over to Tezuka's nightstand. It was large by nightstand standards, but still small. He opened the little door, helping one smirking Echizen Ryoma from within. "Are you okay, Ryo-chan?" Fuji winked.

"It was a little cramped but it worked." Ryoma gave a rare glimpse of a smile. Hearing a movement Fuji's eyes flicked to the door, a shadow was blocking some of the hallway's light. The brunette nodded towards it, and Ryoma started on cue.

"Kunimitsu! AH! Mitsu, take me!" Ryoma had to smother his laughter at the blush creeping up his captain's face.

"You're quite good at this fake moaning thing, Echizen," Fuji said approvingly as Ryoma shouted his boyfriend's name in a very convincing imitation of ecstasy.

Ryoma shrugged, then yelped as Fuji tweaked his nipple. "Fuji-sempai!"

Fuji grinned. "Just adding some realism, Ryoma. Say my name."

Ryoma blinked, flashing back to when Momo had said those exact same words to him. "Um." He shook his head. "Oh, Syusuke!"

"That's my boy."

"Yes! Yours!" He gasped.

"Leave me out why don't you..." Tezuka looked bored.

"Kunimitsu, take him with me." Fuji smirked pushing the first year to sit on the bed instead of standing.

"Buchou please! I want you both in me!" Ryoma's giggles were lost in the fabric of Tezuka's shirt.

"Well, if that's what you want..." Tezuka smirked slightly, pulling Fuji onto his lap next to Ryoma.

Ryoma put on a show of moaning, gasping, and calling out his sempais' names before they heard more banging on the door.

"Buchou! Fuji-sempai I know you have Ryoma in there!" Momo pounded a fist on the door.

Ryoma slipped off the bed and back into his hiding place as Tezuka padded across the room to the door.

"Momoshiro, what are you talking about?" Tezuka asked, opening the door.

"You! Ryoma is in there! I heard him!"

"What is it, Kunimitsu?" Fuji came up behind his seme with tears in his eyes and running unchecked down his cheeks. "Aa, Momo? Is there anything we can do for you?" He wiped at the tears seemingly in vain.

"Fuji-sempai, what's wrong?" Momo was taken aback. The tensai just didn't cry.

"I-it's nothing..."

"Did Buchou do something to make you cry?" He glared at the captain.

"Momo, it's none of your concern. I'm fine. You should be with Echizen..." Fuji turned away a bit, biting his lip in a helpless manor.

"If you say so, Fuji-sempai."

"Now, you can see Echizen isn't here. So would you leave us to our discussion please?"

"Sure..."

Tezuka was the one that opened the little door this time. Ryoma popped out and was giving Fuji a curious look as soon as he laid eyes on the tears that were coming to a slow but steady halt.

"Fuji-sempai?"

"Tears, distracts them every time..." He smiled.

Ryoma shrugged, leaning back against the headboard. "So what now?"

Tezuka looked at Fuji, who was looking at Ryoma thoughtfully. "What indeed..."

Eiji's ear was pressed against the wall connecting Taka's room with Tezuka and Fuji's. He snickered. "'Oh, Mitsu, take me!'" he repeated, falling onto the bed in a fit of giggles. "Ochibi's really good at faking it!"

Oishi gave Eiji a disapproving look. "I don't think it's very funny. Don't you feel bad for Momo?"

"He probably deserves it, nya," Eiji said. "Knowing Fujiko and Buchou."

"Why are you looking at me like that, Fuji-sempai?" Ryoma asked as he looked up.

"I'm curious." Fuji's fingers curled around the back of Ryoma's neck. "If those were fake moans, what does the real thing sound like?" He pulled Ryoma in as if he were to kiss him.

"Fuji, stop," Tezuka demanded.

Fuji giggled, releasing his unnerved kouhai. "Sorry, Echizen! I just had to see the look on your face!" He laughed a bit more. "Don't worry Tezuka, I'm not into shouta."

Tezuka glared at the shaking honey colored tresses and quickly pinned the smaller body beneath his own. "Not funny, Syusuke..."

Fuji tensed a bit as he was unexpectedly shoved back onto the bed and weighed down by a strong body.

Ryoma watched, eyes wide, as Tezuka kissed Fuji roughly.

"Um. Right. Well, I don't particularly want to watch you two-do whatever you're about to do, God knows-so, I'll just, uhm, leave."

Tezuka and Fuji ignored him, too involved in their heated make-out session.

Ryoma clambered off the bed hastily and rushed out of the room, closing it gently behind him. When he turned around, he jumped in surprise-Momo was standing right in front of him, arms crossed.

"M-Momo-sempai."

"Takeshi."

"But-"

"You've got a lot of making up to do. Takeshi."

"Takeshi," Ryoma repeated, and Momo grinned.

"That's a good boy." He scooped Ryoma up into his arms, carrying him bridal-style to their bedroom. "Now, I'm going to teach you a lesson about playing tricks on me. Ne?"

"Yes, Mo-Takeshi."

"Music to my ears."

Kaidoh buried himself deeper into his boyfriend's arms and hissed. He didn't want to get up, even though he knew if he didn't he would be up at all ungodly hours of the night. Inui's arms became tight around him again as his movement had created slack in their embrace. The second year breathed in the scent of his partner, fabric softener and Inui Juice. Inui mumbled something unrecognizable and one of his arms shifted to rest against Kaidoh's lower back whilst the other became tight around his chest.

"S-sempai!" Kaidoh whispered breathlessly. Inui was literally squeezing the air out of him. Inui's eyes opened unexpectedly, shocking the younger of the two a bit. Kaidoh became a puddle at that, as per his usual. Inui smiled and kissed him soundly. Discreetly he reached over to their nightstand to retrieve his glasses.

"Inui-sempai?"

"Yes, Kaoru?"

"Can we..."

Inui blinked. His eyes narrowed. "Are you sure?"

"Yes. Please?"

"But, Kaoru, Ryomoka-"

"I know. But I feel better now, and... Ryomoka wouldn't want to know she was making me sad." Kaidoh smiled shyly at his boyfriend. "Sorry I made you wait, Sempai."

"That's-that's perfectly all right, Kaoru." Inui swallowed thickly. "You're absolutely sure."

"Yes, Sempai. Geez, you're acting like this is our first time or something."

"Who's your seme?" Momo demanded, jerking his fingers in and out of Ryoma's entrance roughly.

"You are!" Ryoma moaned. His voice was muffled; he was laying on his stomach, his face buried in pillows.

"Who's the only person who'll ever get into this tight little ass?" Smack.

"You are!"

"Say my name!"

"Takeshi!"

Momo sat back on his heals, satisfied. "And you'll be a good uke from now on, right? No more pretending to be screwing Buchou and Fuji-sempai. I'm the only sempai you moan for. Got it?"

Ryoma mumbled something unintelligible, too lost in pleasure to give a coherent response as Momo struck his prostate.

"Damn straight." Momo felt extremely satisfied as he gave Ryoma a once-over. A pillow was tucked lengthwise under his chest and stomach and his hips were just slightly elevated. His knees were splayed out to either side, spreading himself to allow Momo his fun. Red blossomed on both sets of cheeks, and bronze-gold eyes were hazy with pleasure. Damn I'm good! Momo smirked to himself.

"Takeshi..." Ryoma whimpered.

"Hm?"

"Take me..."

"No, I'm just going to leave you there like that," Momo said resolutely.

Ryoma moaned in displeasure, "But, Momo-sempai... Ah!" A sharp smack resounded in the room. "Takeshi! Takeshi! Ta-takeshi..."

"Good boy," Momo said with a sadistic smile. "You want me to fuck you, Ryoma?"

Ryoma whimpered.

"Answer."

"Yes!"

"Too bad. You're going to have to do a lot first. Go put on the cat costume."

"W-why?"

"Just do it."

Ryoma stood on shaky legs, groaning when a hand connected sharply with his behind again. He pulled the costume out of Momo's suitcase and slowly put each garment on, first the thong, then the tail. "Wh-what now?"

"Get over here."

Kaidoh couldn't quite put his finger on it, but there was definitely something going on in the annoyingly cerebral mind of Inui Sadaharu. He had been oddly gentle during their, ahem, activities. Inui wasn't rough usually, not unless they were getting in some BDSM time at least, and that was preplanned, but he was so rarely as gentle as he had been. Kaidoh's mind almost went as far to think that maybe, just maybe, the analyst had given him something that would end up with him pregnant. The idea was quickly brushed aside though. Inui-sempai promised he wouldn't. Inui-sempai doesn't break promises.

"Inui-sempai... is everything alright?" he asked hesitantly from beneath the analyst.

"Of course, Kaoru, why wouldn't it be?"

"You're acting kind of oddly..."

"How do you mean?" Inui said, his fingers twitching in want of his notebook and pen.

"You..." Kaidoh blushed. "When we... you were really gentle. That's... unusual for you."

"Has that been a problem? Have you been dissatisfied every time we-"

"No! No, Inui-sempai, that's not what I meant..." Kaidoh frowned. "I was just wondering if, if there's something going on that I should know about."

"These are so going online."

"No! Don't! I'll never call you Momo-sempai again! Takeshi, Takeshi, Takeshi, Takeshi, Takeshi! Don't put those pictures online!"

"Oh, desperate, are we? The stakes just got higher, Ryoma..."

Ryoma jumped up as the camera was held high above Momo's head. "Please! Please, Takeshi..." With another jump he tripped on the tail and fell to the floor in an upset, over-sensitized heap of freshman.

Momo sighed and left nonchalantly, camera still dangled over his head. Ryoma scrambled up and debated on whether or not to follow. "Kitten!" As soon as the shout came Ryoma was out the door and behind Momo.

"No, nothing in particular, Kaoru..." Inui's eyebrows furrowed.

"Oh, okay then."

Inui felt a pang of guilt. His kouhai was just letting it go, accepting and trusting that he was telling the truth. "Kaoru... I was being so accommodating because I do not wish for us to get involved in the things that the rest of our team has. Abuse, neglect, cheating, withholding, secrets..." Inui ticked off the rest of the teams 'crimes'.

"Everyone fights, Inui-sempai..." Kaidoh said tentatively. "You don't have to change anything. I like the way you are."

Inui smiled. "Thank you, Kaoru."

Kaidoh sighed. "This team should have a soap opera..."

Ryoma trailed behind Momo, his head down. "T-Takeshi?"

"What?"

"I-I'll do anything, please, I-"

"Relax, Ryoma. We're going to get you a Ponta, okay?"

Wide golden eyes looked up at him. "Really?"

Momo nodded, turning his head to hide his satisfied smirk. Ryoma was adorable when he was all scared and obedient.

Ryoma hugged his arm hesitantly, happy at the thought of Ponta. Ponta made everything better. Momo patted his head like he was the small furry animal he was dressed as. As they started down the stairs the tail attached to his sad excuse for an outfit tripped him and he felt himself fall in slow motion before making impact with the stairs. Instinctively he curled into fetal position and proceeded to tumble down the stairs.

A/N: And there it is! Another cliffhanger ending, lolz. We really do love you guys, sorry about this.

Scarlet's A/N: I wanted to call this chapter "Fuji Noises." Ya' know, like the sex-sounds Fuji makes when he plays tennis? Now I call all sex noises Fuji noises…Katie hates them. XD