11. – Complicate

For one brief moment, I almost reacted. Almost.

As the door to the secure media room opened, I found two men waiting within. Two telepaths. One was a young, ambitious fellow with a lean and hungry look about him; if I recalled correctly, he had just been assigned to an Omega team, which did not bode at all well.

The other was Mendez.

I turned my surprise into a frown and glanced at my watch. Behind me the door shut with a gentle hiss. I was several minutes early; were there others yet to come? Taking a seat at one of the console screens, I asked the two this very question, not directing it to either in particular.

“I was instructed to prepare a teleconference with three secure uplinks,” Mendez stated, his tone bland. “I would presume we are it, then.”

Though my mind tried to defy me, I forced it to the calm, still, reflective pool that I needed it to be. Summoned to a private conference with two telepaths in attendance – someone was either testing them, or testing me. Or both. Bloody hell. And I couldn’t confer with Mendez without the other fellow knowing about it. At least the waiting should be over soon enough.

The viewscreen before me flickered, steadied to show the Esset royal seal emblazoned in gold upon a scarlet curtain. I leaned back in my seat and made myself as comfortable as possible under the circumstances.

A young man I did not recognize came into view, wearing a crisp uniform and a wireless headset. “Good morning, Rosenkreuz. The meeting will commence in three minutes.”

“Good morning, Hapsburg,” Mendez replied, adjusting his own headset and moving the microphone a little closer to his mouth. “General Konrad Schoenberg, Alberto Mendez, and Roderik Johannsen in attendance, at your request.”

I found myself idly watching Johannsen. My first impression held out: he had the seeming of a weasel with a mouthful of someone else’s breakfast. The only question remaining was his role today, for that would tell me my own. I could only presume that Mendez was to be the technical mediator, as he would be listening to a secure channel monitoring the entire conference. The signal would be fed through a relay station, encrypted, and sent on with a four-second gap. Mendez and the Hapsburg operator would listen to not only the discussion, but also any instructions from the relay station. At the first sign of interception, the link would be severed. The chance of such was unlikely, but it went against everything Esset stood for to take that chance. Secrecy was all-important.

The picture on my screen shrank to a small corner, allowing two new windows to dominate the view. One showed a shrewd-looking man with narrow features and a well-etched frown; I recognized him as Pfalzgraf Hodert of Prague. The other showed a dimly-lit room, nothing more.

“Gentlemen, we have confirmation,” Mendez stated. “Relay station informs we are clear. Hapsburg, do you concur?”

“We are clear, Rosenkreuz. Herr Hodert, your conference is ‘go’.”

“Thank you.” The narrow-faced man’s voice matched his appearance, thin and taut. “Good morning, Herr General. How is the weather your side of the divide today?”

I was most certainly not in the mood for small talk. I tried not to sound too peevish as I replied, “As always, it depends on the nature of the wind, Herr Pfalzgraf.”

To my dismay, Hodert smiled, a hard and calculated thinning of the lips. So I was right: I was the one being tested this day. “Let’s get right to the point, Konrad. I am highly concerned that your methods have become unsound of late. Prague had very specific hopes for your clairsentience interference project, long-term hopes that we dared share with those in highest authority.”

The image of that dimly-lit room suddenly made sense to me. Johannsen scowled slightly as my shields wavered in surprise. Our sixth attendee, then: none other than the royal house of Hapsburg itself.

“But we have learned,” Hodert continued, “that it simply is not reliable. That is the only possible explanation, unless you would care to offer an alternate one, Herr General?”

Now it was my turn to scowl. “You seem to have lost me, sir.” I noticed Johannsen nod tightly toward his camera, and this infuriated me. The situation was clearly out of control if Esset needed an Omega-ranked telepath clearing my every statement. “Possible explanation for what?”

A fourth window appeared on my screen, showing a vista I knew all too well: the Officers’ Corps at Berlin. Small plastic markers denoted five separate points of interest, clustered tightly within a bare meter’s radius. Hodert’s voice served as narration as he said, “Approximately three weeks ago, Berlin was compromised.”

“What?” I blurted, unable to stop myself. The instructors there had always been fiercely protective of their students, their protégés. The students themselves received the best training, on a par with Prague itself. It seemed inconceivable that we should even be discussing this! “Compromised? How?”

“Really, Konrad. I am surprised that you do not already know.” Hodert’s tone had gone quite icy. “Are you not in the business of watching every possible move that your renegade team might make? It seems that either your experiment is a blatant failure, or you have withheld crucial information on the movements of that team.”

This couldn’t be happening! I had no control over what my mice might See or uncover. My only goal had been to determine if foreknowing in any form could be baffled by so much interference. Surely Hodert wasn’t serious in his accusations?

::Deadly serious, Konn.:: Mendez showed no emotion in his eyes as he said, ::I suggest you answer him.::

My teeth ground together hard enough to ache. I turned my attention to the image of the empty room and asked, “Am I being charged with a failure, or a mutiny? What is the position of Hapsburg?”

A softly distorted voice replied, “No charges today, Herr General. We merely require whatever information your sources might provide, along with your full cooperation.”

Bloody hell. “Hapsburg has always relied upon Rosenkreuz. I have endeavored to maintain a strong foundation for that trust.”

That masked voice spoke again. “And for that, you have our gratitude. However, it is in our best interest to assign a Gamma unit to oversee your project. Herr Pfalzgraf will see to the details.” A shadow moved across the picture of the room, as of a man pacing in his study. “We are concerned that you are spreading yourself too thin, Herr General. With the failure of Rosenkreuz to adequately represent itself, we have conducted a search for appropriate leadership. After our appointed delegates arrive there this afternoon, your duties shall consist solely of leading the search teams as their liaison officer. The care of the facility itself shall be left to more suitable hands.”

I swallowed and tried not to think. This was at once outstanding good news, and a terrible setback. There would be a new layer of authority above me, probably watching and hampering every damn move – but I had not been removed from the search for Crawford’s team. I struggled to find the proper response. “Your concern is unnecessary, sir, though it is graciously received. I shall offer my commander my full cooperation.”

“You misunderstand, Herr General.” The shadow in the picture shifted, seemed pensive. “Rosenkreuz shall offer its new master its full cooperation. You, however, shall answer to me.”

I couldn’t help thinking that this was easier said than done, as I had no indication of which member of the royal house had just co-opted my loyalty. “Where shall I begin, then?” I asked, choosing a carefully neutral question.

Hodert rejoined the conversation. “Did your experimental team have any foreknowledge of the espionage at Berlin?”

“Not that I know of,” I told him quite candidly. “Their notes are erratic, unpredictable. Believe me, if I had had any indication that the rogue team would turn up in Berlin, I would have driven there myself to intercept them.” Then I had to ask: “What happened? What did they do?”

Referring to the picture of the hillside, Hodert began to explain. “Flags three through five denote the positions of three youth officers. Number five denotes Youth Captain Gunther Albrecht, a dog handler with four units at his disposal. His was the only coherent account of the incident. And I quote: ‘Two men, civilian attire. The taller one – slender, red hair, fair, blue eyes. The other – stockier, possibly albino except for eye color – amber; left eye missing, standard black patch. I issued challenge. The taller man showed to be a telepath, assault-trained. He incapacitated my squad. His associate threatened me and my dogs with a dagger. The telepath forced me to command the dogs to stand down. He called me his messenger and placed words in my head, followed by a command to sleep.’” Hodert paused, shuffled his notes, then went on. “Albrecht relayed the message itself as follows: ‘Schwarz lives. We were stronger – you could never stop us. Remember.’”

My heart raced, with excitement at how close they had been and with concern for young Albrecht: I had been a Youth Captain once myself. His squad had been overwhelmed, he himself used as a living message. What price would he pay for his failures? “Herr Hodert, if I may, what was the final outcome of this situation?”

“The squad has been remanded to Prague for more intensive training. Dogs and all.” He did not seem happy about this.

“I see. And might I interview these witnesses in person?”

Hodert offered another of those coolly polite smiles. “You don’t have the clearance.”

Anger boiled through me. “You demand my assistance yet deny me any in return? What kind of miracles do you expect from me, Herr Hodert?”

“We do not demand assistance, Herr General.” That soft computerized voice preempted anything Hodert may have intended to say. “We demand loyalty.”

“I see.” Esset had no intention of allowing me free rein, only the illusion of it. “And how deep shall this loyalty run?”

The camera jittered and moved as though the shadowy figure had lifted it from its stand and now carried it across the darkened room. It paused over an ornately carved desk, upon which rested the official royal stationery and a brass seal.

The seal of the Lord High Prince himself.

A/N – Complicate

To quote Mel Brooks’ “History of the World, Part One” (spoken by a down-and-out comedian who’s trying to find something he can discuss without, er, losing his head): “Politics! Politics, politics, politics!” Didn’t work so well for him, but it does get my point across here, I think. The many layers of the new form of Esset are starting to reveal themselves, as the factions begin consolidating their positions and separating the loyal from the overly ambitious.

Yes, Konnor himself refers to the precogs and clairsentients as “mice”. The mental static they create isn’t choosy, and it isn’t easily controlled. Suggestions are given, and received. After a while, it must be difficult to know whether one is coming or going. This is the desired effect against Brad Crawford, true, but it is also the very reason Prague needs to investigate the practice. How much quantum interference can accumulate before the very essence of space-time bends? Good question…

Pfalzgraf Hodert – the Count-Palatine of Prague; in his own domain, his word is law. One of the true liegemen of der Fürst von Esset.

“The Lord High Prince” – also known as der Fürst von Esset; headquartered in Hapsburg, Austria. One of two (at least) factions contending for control of the organization (and hence, the world).

Special reference note: from “Coming Home”, chapter 57-58 – Schuldig’s exact message to the dog handler was quite different from what Konrad has just been told…