Samantha walked into the café to meet her best friend since birth, and his girl of the month. Stopping she looked around, quickly spotting the thick curly mane of his currently blondish blue head. As if he could sense her presence he looked up in the direction she was standing. Smiling to herself she walked over to the table that he occupied alone. ' _Where's his girlfriend'_ she wondered.
"What's up Sammy?" He asked, as she reached the table.
"Nothing much, curly." She shed her knee length pea coat, and winter hat before sitting down across from Ian. "But what have you been up too? Or should I say who have you been in?" She replied jokingly, to which he laughed. At that moment a beautiful woman came up to the table.
The woman was 5'5, with auburn hair that fell into a bob that framed her face, nicely. She wore a long sleeve turtle neck shirt, which clung tightly to her ample chest, and a pair of form fitting jeans to display her non-existing ass. Not surprising Samantha at all, she knew that Ian was into women with big breast. ' _Typical Ian'_ was her thoughts, as the woman spoke to her.
"Hi." The girl said as she took her seat beside Ian.
"Hey, your Rebecca right?" She asked, though she already knew.
The girl smiled and nodded as she settled back into her chair. She slipped her hand onto the table, and tried to hold Ian's hand, but he removed his completely from the table. Samantha noticed this and shook her head ' _As I suspected, girl of the month'_ she thought. Ian turned his attention back onto her.
"So I don't believe you when you tell me you haven't been up to nothing, I know you remember?"
She grinned. "Nothing has happen, curly." She turned her gaze away guilty, and he patiently waited for her to cough of the news. "Ok! Nothing overly exciting." She said. "I had a date Saturday, with this guy Calvin."
Ian frowned. "What the hell? Really Sammy?" He asked.
Samantha nodded and shrugged. "What?"
Rebecca just looked on with a bored expression as the conversation continued.
"Calvin? That is his name? It's so... so..."
"Attractive." Came a voice from behind Ian.
Ian turned to see who it came from, and there stood a Caramel Adonis. The man stared at Samantha the entire time Ian stared at him. Mystery man was so compelling, he even held Rebecca's captivated attention as he pulled out the sit directly beside Samantha as she smiled.
"Hello gorgeous." He said to Samantha as he grabbed her hand and brought it up to his lips.
Rebecca and Ian's eyes continued to bore into the unknown man's head as they watched the scene before them.
"Hey Calvin." Samantha said softly, before turning back to the other two. "Guys this is Calvin Wheeler. The man I went out with last week." She turned to Calvin smiling. "Calvin this is my best friend Ian Queen, the block head that I mentioned before, and this is his girlfriend Rebecca.
Calvin outstretched his hand to shake theirs, Rebecca quickly outstretched hers, but Ian hesitated noticeably before grasping the other man's hand tightly, and letting go. "Nice to meet you Rebecca, Ian." Calvin said, brushing off Ian's rude manner.
"I'm sure it is." He said sarcastically, making Samantha cut her eyes at him sharply. "Good to meet you also." He winked at Samantha playfully. "So how was you guys date?"
Samantha knew that Ian had something to say, and something up his sleeve, but she didn't want to find out what it was.
"It was awesome if I must say so myself." Calvin answered before she could speak.
At this Samantha beamed at the excitement in his voice. "Yes. It was pretty amazing, he took me to that new restaurant 'Shining dove' on 7th street, before taking me to see ballet. Can you believe it Ian, me liking ballet?"
Ian only shrugged in response making the air thick with tension.
"I told you that you would, gorgeous." Calvin said bringing the hand that he held up to his lips to kiss once more.
"You are truly amazing right now." Samantha crooned, making him grin from ear to ear.
"Ugh, how come I find myself sick all of a sudden sick." Ian said seriously, to which Rebecca slapped his arm.
"Ian... Seriously?" She chided, hitting him again.
"Owww, stop hitting. Geez ever heard of a joke?" He asked sarcastically.
"That's wasn't a joke, you said that seriously. Why does it seem to me that you're unhappy with the fact that she's met a good guy?" she whispered, for only them to hear.
At the beginning Ian was all jokes, but hearing Rebecca say that made him think. Neither notice the stares from across the table directed towards them.
"What's with the grim face curly?" Samantha asked curious.
Ian turned to her. "Nothing. Can I talk to you for a Sec?" He got up and began to walk towards the entrance without giving her a chance to reply. She went outside, Ian was standing at his car, arms crossed.
"Dude, what is wrong? You're flipping out."
Ian gave her a dead stare. "Yeah you're right I am flipping right now." From the base in his voice being deeper she saw that he was serious.
"Ian, what is wrong? Inside you were fine but now your super mad and I don't get it. What's the problem?" She asked confused.
Ian held the bridge of his nose to control his temper though he didn't fully understand why he was so upset, something just didn't feel right.
"Why didn't you tell me that you invited that guy?" he snapped.
Samantha couldn't help the shocked expression that crossed her face. "Wait, this is why you're so angry? Because I invited my friend here?" She questioned, copping an attitude also.
"Did you even think to ask me if he could come?" Ian accused.
"Are you out of your mind? Did you think to ask me if I wanted the bimbo that you're with to be here?
Ian frowned. "That's not the point the point is you knew she was going to be here ahead of time, but I had no clue prince charming in there was coming." His face turned slightly red as his voice began to rise. Samantha shifted her weight to one foot, then placed her hands on her hips. Taking a stance that let Ian know that he was about to get chewed out.
"Well excuse the hell out of me, for not knowing that one: you're my father, and two: that I obviously needed your permission to meet up with my friends." She stepped away from him. "I'm sorry, that I ruining your little get together or whatever you want to call it. I'm out of here." She turned around and headed back inside.
It took a moment to react before he was hot on her heels. "Sammy hold on, I don't want you to leave."
Samantha continued to walk away ignoring him. "Wait, damn it." Ian reached to grab her but as if she had eyes on the back of her head, she jerked forward quickly. Being the first one to walk inside she hurried to the table. "Cal, I was asked if we could give these two love birds sometime alone." Ian Appeared behind her. "So I was thinking me and you could find something to get into."
Calvin seemed confused, as he slowly stood. "Well, aren't you hungry?" He indicated the menu.
Samantha shook her head. "We can perhaps work up an appetite later on." She gathered her things, and grabbed his hand.
As she moved to pass Ian, he gently grabbed her by the arm. But she pulled away before he could say anything. Hand still linked to Calvin's she walked out without looking back. Rebecca looked at Ian to try to gauge his thoughts.
"What Happened Ian?"
"Nothing, let's just go." He grabbed his coat.
Rebecca snatched her bag up. "Your being such an asshole."
Ian let the anger that he tried to hold in snap. "You know what? I don't think this is going to work out." He turned around leaving her to yell behind him, as everyone looked at the spectacle that they made.
"You bastard, I can't believe you! Jerk!"
Ian got to his car with every intention to follow Samantha, and her fucking prince charming. "What the fuck is she thinking? I know for a fact that she is not going to fuck this dickwode on their second date?!" He yelled to himself as he sped off, thinking of how she said they could 'work up' an appetite.
"I'm not going to let that fucking wanna be use my best friend." He said aloud.
 _'But why do you care so much? She can make her own choices'_ he thought, but he shook his head no. _'I don't care she's not fucking him, or anybody for that matter'_
At her place he saw that her car wasn't out front, and he realized she didn't go there. "Damn It." He banged his hand against his steering wheel. "She must be at his house. Fuck!"
After seeing that he couldn't save her from making a mistake, he drove to the frat house he was a part of, and went straight to his bedroom not wanting to be bothered by his brothers. When he laid down he drifted off to sleep immediately.

A week and a half had passed before Ian knew it, and he hadn't heard from Samantha since the day she stormed out of the café with Calvin. He had been worrying his brains out, because he had no clue if she was safe, or where she could be. He tried calling and texting her countless times but each time he would find himself waiting for hours, with no reply. At first he felt more worried than anything else, but then that worry turned into anger, then guilt, before once again going to worry.
He had been to her apartment she shared with her roommate Kristie multiple times, but being that Kristie didn't care too much for him she wasn't any help. Since their fling didn't work out the way she wanted it too, she advise him to stay away from her from that moment on. But he thought that he had made himself clear before they started sleeping together, being brutally honest he told her that he didn't want a relationship with her. She lied to him, when she told him that she was ok with them just having sex every now and then. So now here he was stuck with no one close enough to her that would have an idea of where she would be.
All of their mutual friends had no clue, since she was smart enough not to share her plans with them. She knew how he was, and so she knew if she told them he would get information from them. He hung up the phone once again after trying to get in touch with her at her apartment, but Kristie answered and cursed him out in Korean.
"Where are you Sammy?" He wondered, worrying his bottom lip. "Fuck this." He grabbed his keys and headed outside to his slick black Camaro, making this the fourth time in this week that he made a trip to her apartment.

Samantha had been avoiding Ian like the plague successfully, for more than a week. Letting Kristie and other friends know that they could not tell Ian for any reason, where or who she was with. She had spent all her time going to the few classes she had, and hanging out with Calvin enjoying his company and personality. The day at the café when Ian began to go crazy she knew that she had to space herself away from him. Ian was an overbearing buffoon who tried to rule her love life for far too long.
Her entire freshman and sophomore year was dateless, and in other words sexless leaving her sexually starving. All because of Ian; with him being a fucking brute, who controlled everybody. Whenever someone tried to talk to her, or take any form of interest into her, he got in the guy's face to make threats. Which sucked because she was technically a virgin, but just without the hymen by her own doing. No man had yet touched her, and she wanted to find someone she could get into a serious relationship with before she allow them access to her treasure.
He was fear mostly because one night at a party his frat hosted, a year ago, a young guy they called E.J tried to talk to her. With Ian being busy trying to get with two girls that night, didn't realize. So she didn't see the harm in dancing with the guy and letting him give her drinks, it was a party and everyone wanted to have a good time. When she began to get drunk E.J told her that he was going to take her to Ian's room so she could sleep it off, by her being Ian Queens best friend people knew not to try to harm her, so she trustingly followed. Once he got her into a room that belong to him instead of Ian, he began to violate her body, telling her he had always had his eyes on her and that now he was finally going to have her.
Down stairs Ian instantly noticed the moment she disappeared, he had kept a watchful eye on her throughout the entire party watching her have fun and dance with E.J, even though she didn't have a clue he knew. He asked his friend Michael if he saw where she went, and he confessed some disturbing news about E.J being upstairs about to have sex with her so she could be added to the 'Hit List'.
Ian lost it, ran up the stairs and straight to E.J's room. He burst through the door, to see that Samantha was almost passed out, with her shirt and bra removed. E.J was sucking on her nipples, while unbuttoning her pants, when Ian quickly yanked him off of her. Vehemence consumed him as he pummeled E.J's face repeatedly, until the guy cried and cowardly held up his hands to block the blows delivered. Ian grabbed a fist full of hair and slung him out of the door, before he slammed and locked the door afterwards, knowing that he wouldn't have been able to stop himself if he hadn't.
He took long deep breaths to calm his anger for her sake, promising himself that he would finish E.J off later and throw his worthless ass out of the house for what he had done. After he felt calmer he walked over to her to make sure she was ok, she stared at him through hooded eyes that slowly drifted closed completely. His eyes traveled down to her bared breast, that glistened from E.J's salvia and his fist involuntarily tighten, he watched mesmerized by the sight of them rising and falling with every breath she took, his hand started to itch with the need to touch them. When he reached out to touch her he rapidly had a change of heart remembering what and who she was to him, grabbing her shirt and bra he covered her chest, before effortlessly picking her up to be carried to his room. He dressed her in one of his oversized shirts and tucked her snugly into his bed before he crawled in with her.
She was grateful for him being there to save her, but now she finally decided to wise up and take back control of her love life, if she didn't she wouldn't have any romance while Ian controlled her. After meeting Calvin at an art exhibit for her art class, she decided to take a chance for once and put her own happiness over Ian. Being an attractive black woman, with a curvaceous shape some would kill for deserved to have someone to love her right, so why continue to allow someone to hinder the possibilities?
Now after a week she was finally back at her own apartment, Calvin had taken her to the lake so she could enjoy ice skating for the first time, the day that they left the café; it was so much fun that neither wanted the day to end. He asked her to come back to his place, and she accepted the invitation since Kristie wasn't going to be in, and he didn't want her to be alone. That one day turned into a week, and through the entire time sex was off limits, he was content with that and they just relaxed and became closer.
But just like any other fairy tale it had to end, now back home she was at a lost for what to do, and yet again Kristie wasn't home because of a class, thus making her bored out of her mind. Deciding to curl up on the couch, and watch cartoons was the best thing to do to cure her boredoms, it always did. But no sooner than she became engrossed with 'The amazing world of Gumball' there was a banging on her door "What the hell?" She mumbled.
Irritation and curiosity is the two factors that made her leave her comfortable position on the couch, looking through the peep hole she saw the last person she wanted to see; Ian. Closing her eyes she tried to think of what she was going to do, by the grim expression she saw on his face she could tell that he was very pissed. Before she could actually think about 'not' opening the door, she heard him growl. "Open the damn door Samantha. I saw your car outside, so I know you're here"
She jerked back from the door knowing that she was caught, nervously she began to unlatch the locks and open the door. When she opened it fully, he charged through almost knocking her over. "Where the fuck have you been Samantha?" He asked roughly, placing his hands on his waist.
If she hadn't already figured out he was pissed at her, the fact that he used her birth name was a dead giveaway. "Stop talking to me that way!" She shouted, crossing her arms. "You are not in control of my life. So I don't owe you any type of explanation." She pointed at him, the anger she harbored towards him came alive.
"I was worried about you! How the hell could you do that to me?" he asked incredulous. "We talk everyday almost, but all of a sudden you stop answering my calls and texts. For an entire week and a half." His voice got louder the more he spoke.
"What do you mean!?" Speechless she turned away from him. "Forgive me, for not knowing we had transported back to the 3rd fucking grade!" She said mockingly. "Yes it's been a week and we have spoken, so what! Sue me!"
This was the first time in the history of their entire friendship that they actually resorted to shouting at each other. Samantha rubbed her temple to ease the headache she felt setting in, as Ian appeared stoic as he stared at her. But inside Ian felt as if he would explode, he didn't understand why she would do, or say these things to him of all people. Didn't she know how much he cared for her, how her safety was one of his number one priority's.
She obviously didn't and Ian's anger boiled over from the realization, he turned as if to leave but just as quickly he turned back to face her. Grabbing her hands he pushes her against the doorframe, with her arms firmly locked above her head he leaned into her. "I asked you how could you do this to me?" His hands tighten slightly around her small wrist.
She bucked forward trying to dislodge his grip, but it was no use. "I was having fun for once, I thought of me. I was not going to worry about you running away the guy I actually like!" She yelled into his face, trying to intimidate him.
"You..." He looked down and breathed deeply, trying to constrain himself. "You did this shit to spite me?"
She gritted her teeth. "NO! I did this for myself, everything is not about Ian Queen."
The hold he had on her was beginning to turn her on, sparking the remnants of the small crush she once had on him in middle school. It scared her. "Let me go right now Ian." She demanded.
He didn't. With his jaw tightly clenched, and his blue-green eyes glaring into hers, he let his head dart forward to catch her lips with his. Caught off guard, she didn't immediately respond, but as he deepen the kiss she opened her mouth slightly. Allowing his tongue to dart inside at the opening she made, tasting the minty flavor of her mouth drove him wild and he couldn't get enough. He put both of her wrist in one hand as he brought the other one down to grope her breast, making her gasp and moan sweetly.
Hearing her moan set fire to his body, and he found himself yanking her tank top she wore over her head, and the spandex shorts down her thick voluptuous thighs. Kneeling in front of her, he noticed she wore no panties, and he was face to face with her trimmed plump pussy.  
Samantha glanced down shyly at the top of his curly head, afraid to move for the sake of him stopping what he was doing to her now.
Ian leaned into her, bringing his lips closer to her moist pussy. He heard her inhale quickly and hold her breath, as he took his long index finger and ran it swiftly over her pussy, letting it caress her clit. She gasped and jerked forward. Surprising him by how wet she had become so quickly. Taking his finger away long enough to tease her, he shoved it into her pussy roughly.
She hollered and it brought a smile to his face, leaning into her he extended his tongue to have his first taste of her pussy when she whimpered.
"Ian..."
Hearing his name spoken on a moan, jerked his mind out of the lustful haze it had been in.
Ian jerked away, standing at his full height of 6'5. Samantha stood against the door holding her hands in the position he had placed them in, with her breast on display as well as her completely exposed pussy.
With half-hooded eyes Samantha silently begged him to finish what he had started, but his mind wouldn't let him. His dick wanted him too badly, but the thought of her being his best friend; someone that was almost a sister to him, didn't seat right with him making her a notch on his belt.
Pushing her gently to the side, he opened the door. Not being able to speak he just left her, shocked and unbelievably hurt.

