Pennants wave, flags snap, and the air is full of a general feeling of laughter and expectation. Alice isn’t sure what to expect from a Royal Berry Picking event, but she knows that somehow, despite trying to not have expectations, hers have already been broken.

Everything is somehow disappointingly formal, despite the informal nature of the activity itself.

Breathless couples bustle by, and Alice sees more than one chaperone roll their eyes at whatever is being said by couples in not-low-enough voices to one another. Some of the courtiers have employed professional chaperones (which seems to Alice to be a practice that could possibly lead to complications and the probability of culpability, but she keeps this opinion to herself). There are a smattering of guards about, who watch the chaperones watch the couples, and she supposes attributes to part of her disquiet.

Still, the sun is shining, birds are singing, and there is an undeniable feeling of something in the air. (It could be love, or simply lust…Alice blushes as she remembers stumbling across a pair of squirrels that apparently hadn’t been as concerned with proper Underlandian courtship as the Hatter seems to be. They’d been…displeased, with her accidental intrusion.)

She herself feels it, as well. After leaving the squirrels she had been—and truthfully, still is—assaulted by fresh imaginings of she and the Hatter tumbling into the shrubbery, his mouth on her ear…perhaps one of his strong, rough hands on her belly, or sliding down her bare back…

Well, those types of thoughts are pointless, Alice scolds herself. After all, there will be None of That. Hatter is very insistent on a proper courtship. And her imaginings are decidedly not proper.

No, not at all.

Alice walks towards what appears to be the main berry stand. Two bears sit underneath the cheerful white awning, where they jealously watch various couples come and go, emptying full baskets of berries into large barrels set up for that purpose. (Story is, this set of bears interfered during the last Royal Berrying, so now their task is to sort and count what is brought to them--and not eat a single one.) The poor things look miserable; Alice can’t help but feel a bit sorry for them.

Tarrant waits for her near the bears. Ducking behind a convenient shrub, Alice permits herself (despite being already late) the secret joy of simply watching him when he is unaware of her presence. A bucket with a simple rope handle sits at his feet, the wood is old and faded but the rope appears to be brand-new. Pulling out his pocket-watch, Hatter stares at it, then looks up to scan the crowd.

Wiggling her feet in her new side-buckled shoes, Alice straightens her plain gingham dress, pats her hair, (which is pinned up for the day’s activities) and licks her lips. Seeing him standing there, waiting for her, makes her unaccountably nervous, and she is glad she has taken these few stolen moments to observe him, if for no other reason than to settle herself. Once more she wonders what, exactly, it is that she’s gotten herself into.

More than one courtier smirks at Tarrant as they pass by, causing Alice to feel horrible for selfishly making him wait. She is late (it seems she is always late!) due to the unexpected presence of an attendant in her rooms that had been insistent on assisting her dress. (And then tending to her hair, and then buckling her shoes, and…well, it is a wonder to Alice that she is not later than she is!)

She steps out from the shrubbery and hitches her borrowed basket back up her arm (Mirana had been more than happy to lend her one for this outing) . Alice feels a perverse pleasure at seeing the faces of the courtiers who had been sniggering at Tarrant fall when she appears. The Hatter, for his part, does not notice them at all, but he does notice her. His eyes skitter from her hair, down to the basket, further down to her shoes and then back up to her face. A smile splits his face, and, after bending down to snatch up his bucket, he trips towards her, eagerly tucking his pocket watch away.

“I’m sorry I’m late,” she tries to apologize, but he waves away her concern.

“It is no problem, Alice.”

“But all the other couples are already here,” Alice worries. She sees his smile take an unfamiliar, possessive edge, and wonders what she had said to cause this particular grin.

“I assure you, Alice, that you are more than worth waiting for,” Tarrant tells her.

Am I? She wants to ask, but doesn’t.

“Shall we go, then?” she says, instead.

The Hatter gallantly offers her his arm. “Go? But you’ve just arrived, Alice!” Alice takes it with a smile tugging at the corner of her mouth.

“My apologies, Hatter,” she grins. She wrinkles her nose a bit, and corrects herself with, “Tarrant. Should I instead ask if we could commence with berrying, then?”

His eyes twinkle. “I shall never tell you what you should do, Alice. But if you wish to know if I am amiable to the notion of berrying with you to-day, the way the question is currently phrased will suffice for now.”

Thackery shuffles up beside them, cradling a whisk and muttering something that sounds suspiciously like a complaint on the deviousness of mytrille combs. He takes in Alice’s attire, and the (even though she is untried in this area she is confident enough to say) smitten expression on Tarrant’s face, and nods. “Aye, ye’ll do,” he says.

After that, the Hare’s presence is so abstract as to be nearly ignorable, so Alice happily does just that in favor of thinking of other things: how the Hatter’s arm is linked with hers, the way he seems to lean towards her, the strong solid warmth of him at her side. She Worries about how there seems to be an almost physical weight of expectation between them now—the comfortable friendship they’d shared before is almost nonexistent. Now Tarrant is so carefully playing the part of the bashful would-be lover, and she...well, all Alice can think on are his kisses and the way his skin had tasted on her tongue and the way he bloody smells (she remembers pressing her face to that warm, collar-concealed juncture where his head and neck meet) and...!

It is not long—two or three twists in the maze—before they lose track of Thackery altogether. Alice decides to not mention the lack of their chaperone, and Tarrant seems to not notice, wrapped up as he is in enumerating for her (staidly, with none of his usual color or dramatic forms of speech, she notices) the complexities of his last creation (a handbag that is also a hat, for ease of transport).

At the end of the furthest hedgerow of their current pathway they stop. The nearest couple to them is several yards away, quite far enough that they can have a semblance of privacy, but not so far as Alice would have liked. Hatter releases her arm and they drift to either side of an enormous blueberry bush—it is so tall that Alice can only just see the very top of Tarrant’s tophat over the greenery. The subject of haberdashed handbags having come to a close, and with Alice not able to think of anything quite so diverting to relate to him in return, they begin in mostly silence. The only sounds that break the still of the day are the plunking of berries into the Hatter’s bucket, the hushed voices of the couple just down the row, and the drone of the Worker Bees setting about their task of pollinating.

Being in the Hatter’s presence has never been this difficult for Alice before! Why does she find it so impossible to think of amusing things to speak on now? Another berry squishes between her already-stained fingertips, and she sighs in frustration.

A pause in the rustling of the leaves on the other side of the shrub occurs, and then: “Is…something amiss, Alice?” Tarrant asks her.

“I’m not quite sure what I’m doing,” Alice admits. “All I seem to be managing to do is getting juice all over my hands and—” a quick glance down at herself confirms her suspicions, “down the front of my dress.”

“Have you never gone berrying before?” Tarrant sounds amused at such a notion.

“Not since I was a little girl,” she retorts a bit sharply, and instantly regrets it when silence greets her from the other side once more. “Would you tell me how?” she asks contritely, instead of directly apologizing.

Yet more silence greets this, a silence that stretches long enough that Alice thinks he is not going to answer her. Then the Hatter gives a odd, half shuddering sigh. When he speaks, his voice is warm and low, the lowest she’s ever heard it with the lisp still present. “The first thing you need to do is find a good prospect,” he tells her. “Those tend to be further towards the back of the field. The shy bushes, yes? Those that are bold and brash and directly in the front have all of their sweet berries already picked, don’t they? All that are left on those indiscreet plants are the small, hard, and bitter fruits. Unless you have a taste for bitter berries, my Alice, it is better to wait a bit longer, walk a bit further through the brush, and then pick the fruits waiting for you there.”

Alice begins to wonder if Hatter is still talking about blueberries at all. A fear tickles the back of her mind, a random thought that is hastily dismissed. Yes, Hatter was a patient man, but surely... it has been quite sometime since she’d left him standing on the battlefield and... he is not so patient as all that, is he?

“We are at one such shrub now, I believe, Hatter,” Alice says, remembering the way his hair feels in her hands. One thing is certain to her: she is not even close to boasting such impressive Waiting skills as what Tarrant has. Is it foolish of her, then, to think that she will be able to distract him from his goal? Four weeks is a considerably shorter amount of time than several years. “What next?”

“Y... yes. Quite,” Tarrant agrees, and she can hear him shift again as his clothing brushes against the blueberry bush. “A good berry… one that is sweet to taste, like those berries that we wish to have… they are soft to the touch and right-properly rounded. It is also a good practice to pick them for how they are now. Did you know, blueberries are one fruit that will not ripen further away from their branches? Plucking them early in the hopes that they will change after said plucking is a fool’s task.” A heavy swallow carries through the leaves to her ears, and this time she is the one shifting, causing the plant to rustle from the movement of her body.

“What then?” Alice prompts him, voice soft. Even she can hear the thread of need that has begun to weave through it.

*~*~*~*

Say something, lad!

Mouth dry, Tarrant futilely licks his lips and takes another small fortifying breath. He is beginning to seriously wonder if he will ever be able to eat in decent company again—all manner of gustatory delights are rapidly turning into thoughts of Alice, of devouring her, of the way she’d looked as he’d placed the squimberries in her mouth, the feel of her lips closing around his fingertips when he’d not pulled away in a timely manner...“Brush it, gently, with just the tips of your fingers. Too harshly, and it will burst right in your hands.”

He makes the mistake of looking up, then, and he can see just the barest glimmer of her skin through the dense branches, and then his hand is there, reaching around. “C’mere, lass,” he hears himself say. He knows he shouldn’t; this is not a mulberry bush, made for swinging round and round. He knows they are too far away from the other couples, that he will be beyond tempted to do more than hold her hand.

But he asks her to come to him nonetheless.

A warm hand, stained with blue-purple juice clasps his. “You come here,” Alice says, in a breathy laugh. She tugs him forward, pulling him half-way through the bush itself instead of around it. His clothing is undoubtedly torn in spots and possibly dotted with blueberry stains, but he doesn’t mind. Laughter burbles up his throat.

“Nay!” he chortles, as he takes a step back playfully in an attempt to pull her towards him instead. The blueberries apparently have other ideas, though. In his merriment he forgets to watch his step, and Tarrant lets go of Alice’s hand in just enough time to prevent her from being dragged to the ground with him. He hits dirt with a small oomph, breath knocked out of him and wincing from the pain of an unfortunately placed rock meeting his lower back.

“… Hatter?” Alice calls, and he can see her hand blindly groping for his amongst the leaves. He’d been successful in dragging her through the way she had him, then! “Are you alright? It sounds like you fell!”

Struggling to answer her promptly does not work, for all he is able to manage is a strangled wheeze. Something that sounds suspiciously like Alice saying Bugger this comes from the blueberry bush, and then she is crawling out of the tangle of branches. Soon she is leaning over him, concern causing a small furrow between her light brows.

“I’m… fine,” Tarrant finally says. “Just… took a tumble.”

“So I see,” Alice murmurs. “You should be more careful, Tarrant.”

His name on her lips, with her leaning over him in such a manner, (and with such obvious care!) makes all manner of things low on his body clench pleasantly tight. From where he is laying on the ground he can see the top swell of her breasts very well through a gape in her gown, and he can not seem to look away. Her skin is so creamy there, smooth and delicate looking. He wonders how it will taste on his tongue, if (when, his obnoxiously optimistic side unexpectedly chimes in) he has the opportunity to…

“Tarrant, did you hear me?”

“Hmmm? What was that, Alice?”

He comes back to reality to see Alice smirking at him in a very disconcerting manner, and he rapidly thinks of several things to say, to try to stammer out a convincing argument that he was not looking where she thinks he was looking, but Alice surprises him by neither calling him on his licentiousness nor taking the opportunity to tease him.

She leans down and kisses him, instead.

Luckily, his hands are already brushing scraggly tufts of grass and he grips the poor things now to keep himself from hauling her, bodily, on top of him. Her lips are warm and smooth against his and her breath puffs from her nose against his cheek. And oh how he wants to open his mouth and slide his tongue between those lips and taste her again...!

She tastes him. His lips part in reaction at the feel of her tongue gently brushing them. A small sound escapes his throat before he Commands himself to Stop Now!

“This is much better,” she nods as she pulls away from him. Licking her lips, she informs him, “Now you can teach me properly.” Sitting back on her haunches, she helps to right him to a sitting position, and prompts, in a tone much too hithering for Tarrant’s peace of mind, “How did you suggest removing the berry from the bush? Brush it gently with my fingers?”

Tarrant watches as she timidly tickles the berries with her fingertips. He pushes aside the most-pleasant tingle the sight of her attempting to coax the berries off their branches kindles in him, and sits forward.

“Nay, no quite like tha’, lass,” he says, his brogue betraying him. Careful to not meet her eyes (so she might not see the warmth of his regard reflecting in his undoubtedly changing eye color) Tarrant moves so that he is on his knees beside her. Even as he tells himself it is a terrible idea, his arms wrap around her; his chin rests on her shoulder. A traitorous hand slides down her arm until it envelops itself around Alice’s own. He can feel her breath hitch, tells himself that his actions are for purely educational purposes, nothing more!

“Roll the berries off the branch with yer thumb,” he murmurs into her ear, as his hand beneath hers leads her through the motions, “and into the cupped palm of your hand. Yes, just like that.”

Alice looks at him from under the fringe of her lashes, a coy motion Tarrant is unfamiliar with, coming from her. She shivers a bit in the circle of his arms, but before he can inquire as to her welfare, or apologize for his forwardness, she’s turning. They are still both on their knees, and the action causes their chests to press together quite intimately. He can feel the soft pressure of her breasts through her dress, and his mind very unhelpfully reminds him of Alice’s lack of preference for corsets.

“Close your eyes,” she whispers, “and open your mouth.”

He does, damning himself for a fool even as he obeys. The soft gingham of her dress is fisted in his grip as she comes closer to him; it is either maul the dress or the woman wearing it, and Tarrant is certain that if he touches her bare arms in this moment, he will be lost.

“There,” Alice says, her fingers gently probing his bottom lip. “How does that taste?” she asks him.

Tarrant begins to open his eyes as he bites down on the fruit; she chastises him by placing her warm hands atop his shaking ones.

“Keep your eyes closed, Hatta.”

A burst of flavor floods his tongue as he bites down on the berry, and Tarrant wonders if the fruit has always been this sweet, or if it tastes so delicious because it had been fed to him from Alice’s hand. A small moan escapes his lips. His hands spasm under hers, desperately grasping more of the crushed fabric.

“Yes...” Alice says, and Tarrant has just enough time to wonder Yes, what? when he feels soft pressure on his lips. Obediently he opens his mouth again, and another small berry is pushed in. Alice’s finger lingers on his bottom lip before she finally withdraws it. Then she’s shifting; she’s pushing him off his knees and back onto the ground gently.

A deep breath, a sigh, and then her lips are on his once again.

Many arguments swirl through Tarrant’s brain, arguments that he should use against Alice’s sensual onslaught. He should remind her that this sort of activity is not Proper Courtship Behavior, at the very least.

Instead, what he says as he returns her attentions with suddenly frantic, messy kisses, is:

“Yes, Alice...but...the—oh, muttering mome raths!—Alice! The other couples!”

He has the Key To Her Heart, yes? Perhaps that is enough. His body seems to think so, certainly, and if he listens to his feet for directions, why not other portions of his anatomy? Especially when Alice is touching him like...like...

If only she were a bit less Alice in this situation, he might be able to deny her.

“In case you haven’t noticed,” Alice says, wriggling until she sits astride his stomach, her skirts and his shirt a barely-substantial barrier between them, “the other couples are decidedly absent at the moment.”

“Thackery?” Tarrant pants, his control rapidly deteriorating. He’s uncertain whether he is asking for the March Hare’s assistance or for a verification of his absence.

“Hasn’t been with us since we entered the field,” Alice says firmly. “It is just you and I, Hatter.”

Just she and he? A dangerous state, surely. Especially as he recalls the way the male courtiers had looked at her as she had walked up, those pilgar lickering tomcatting fools who had no doubt thought that he hadn’t noticed how they’d gazed upon his Intended! He had already been struggling with the urge to take her, mark her, make her obviously and permanently his own—the knowledge of their lack of chaperone does not help his self-control.

Not in the least.

Tarrant feels a sudden need to turn them. He does so, sending Alice’s basket tumbling, and peripherally he sees the blueberries scatter out. Atop Alice for but briefly, she flips them once again, and soon they are rolling in the berries, having a battle of passion amongst the shrubbery.

Little spots of moisture, like bursts of blood from an unexpected wound, like large, fat raindrops from a summer storm cloud, explode into being on his back. His shirt is irreparably stained now, he knows, but doesn’t care as he finally gains the advantage in their miniature struggle.

He sits atop her, hips pinning hers to the ground as she makes needy sounds in the back of her throat. He hasn’t seen her for a whole day, hasn’t kissed her properly in a week, and how—how?!—has he gone without her taste on the back of his tongue for so long?

Hands sticky with juice clutch the back of his shirt, no doubt leaving telling hand prints on his shoulders and down his back. A streak of passion already marks his jaw-line from where she’d grasped his face to kiss him during one of their flipping-tumbles, and a corresponding print encompasses the side of her face, from brow to jawbone.

“Tarrant...” she gasps, arching her back as if to bring herself closer to him. His response to the sound of his name being exhaled by her lungs is to growl her own in return, and hoist one of her legs up, so he can fully press his burgeoning hardness against the femininity he can not stop thinking of. He pushes against her, once, and Alice moans in a completely indiscreet manner, making his blood heat all the more.

Tarrant knows he’s saying a lot of rather improbable things to her in Outlandish, but thankfully, Alice is still unfamiliar enough with the language to not know what it is that he babbles against her loosened hair. She tastes delicious, of blueberries and passion and Alice-ness, and his promises are forgotten as one of his hands rucks her skirt up to her knees, and he will push it up further, to see-smell-touch her there where she is aching and waiting for him, to...

He growls her name again, thinking of the lords’ hungry stares, and the Key on a string round his neck. Tarrant’s lips find her neck, where he begins suckling on her skin. Alice is his.

His!