Xander locked the door behind him and reached into his jacket pocket for the bag that he'd stashed there. His heart was still pounding, deafening him with the rush of blood in his ears. All the way home he'd expected to be accosted by the police, sure that he was branded a pervert for everyone to see. But miraculously nobody had screamed and pointed him out as the sicko that went to sex shops, so he was off the hook... for now. He tossed the bag on the bed and gathered his shower kit, then engaged in a silent debate before grabbing a box out of the bag and stuffing it inside his towel. Hoping that his blush would die down before he had to walk the gauntlet of the dorm showers, he started out into the hall.

Freshly cleaned inside- and hadn't that been fun to do in a public bathroom!- and out, Xander went to inspect his closet. What did one wear to a one night stand that was the result of a quick, dirty, anonymous blow job, anyways? Somehow he didn't think his usual cargo pants and pullover sweater would work too well. He frowned at the clothes on the hanger, then crouched down to see if maybe something had magically appeared or been left in his duffle bag. But the search gave up just a pair of black jeans that were at least one size too small and a stupid white- hang on, that might work!

He dropped the towel and reached for the jeans. After all, it wasn't like he intended to wear them long, right? He didn't bother putting underwear on, since there was no way they'd fit with anything else on, and fitting looked doubtful enough as it was. Somehow or other, he managed to shimmy into them, although he had to lay down on the bed to zip them up, but they were on, and that was what mattered. He yanked the white T-shirt over his head and turned to look in the mirror.

Jesus Christ, he looked like a rent boy! Why not just set up a web site and start figuring out rates now? He peeled the shirt off and unfastened the jeans, shoving them down and kicking them into a crumpled black pile by the closet. Looked like he'd just stick with his usual stuff- it might not scream sex, but it wasn't nearly as bad as the geeky stuff he used to wear. The memory of a certain neon orange Hawaiian shirt made him shudder and shake his head, wondering how the hell he'd ever thought that was cool.

With the clothes decided on, that just left one thing to do. He glanced at the note on his nightstand again, swallowing hard at its instruction. Then he walked over to the bed and emptied the bag, wadding the plastic up and tossing it in the garbage can automatically. There on the bed lay the- oh, God- stuff that he'd bought. He reached for the plastic package first, struggling with shaking fingers to open the vacuum-sealed top before attacking it with his roommate's pocket knife. Plastic probably wasn't very good for the knife's edges, but since he'd never seen Riley use it for anything more than flicking stems and seeds out of his stash, he didn't think it would matter too much. Once he had the package open, he tossed the knife back on Riley's nightstand and pulled his prize free.

It looked bigger than it had in the store, and the blue that he'd thought kind of soothing in the dim lighting now seemed harsh and overly bright. Wiping his palm on the bedspread, Xander took a deep breath, trying not to freak out before he even got started. He just couldn't shake the feeling that he was about to be outed as the world's biggest perv. Gay wasn't bad, but surely this was kinky and sick and- well, the bathroom had been too, he admitted to himself. Kinky and dirty and wrong and so fucking hot that just thinking about it was making him hard.

He still didn't know what had led him to do that. Giving head to not one but two complete strangers- and now he was actually going to go meet them for sex! He wasn't thinking, hadn't been- hold on. Maybe that was the key, here. If he could just turn off the thinking and start doing instead... yeah, that was it. A slow smile spread over his lips as he set the toy aside and lay back on the bed. One hand closed around the tube he'd bought, the other rising to open it. The click of the cap snapping open was as loud as a gunshot in the quiet room and the gel that squeezed out onto his fingers was cold enough to make him gasp, but already thought was beginning to give way to instinct and desire.

He took hold of his dick, giving it a few tentative strokes to spread the slick around. It felt different than the lotion he used sometimes- sleeker, more slippery and definitely more erotic. For a second, he was tempted to just get off like this, stroke himself until he came and then go back to studying, but the thought of those low voices in the next stall made him shiver. He wanted that-wanted them, wanted to know what it was like. This was his chance to stop fantasizing and start experiencing, and he couldn't refuse it.

Rolling onto his stomach, Xander squeezed more lube out into his hand, this time laying the tube aside and spreading it over his first two fingers, coating them until they shone with it. He braced himself on his forearm and reached back, stroking a finger over his hole. The slight twitch and sudden hunger took him by surprise, as did the relative ease with which his middle finger slid inside. There was pressure, but it wasn't unpleasant, and he carefully stroked it back and forth before adding his index finger. That proved more of a challenge, and for a second he had to breathe pretty carefully while his body protested the stretch. Eventually it was easier, though, and he could flex his fingers forward and back a little bit. He moved experimentally, easing back and pressing forward, and while the pain had faded, the overwhelming ecstasy that he'd heard and read about wasn't there.

He tried curling his fingers forward, since that always seemed to work in the magazine stories, but still nothing. Maybe there was something wrong with him? Was he maybe missing that part? Or maybe... maybe it was further up, where he couldn't reach it with just his fingers? He glanced over at the toy, taking a shaky breath. It still looked too big to fit comfortably, but he was starting not to care about that. He wanted to know what all the fuss was about, dammit!

Jerking his fingers out, he yelped at the unexpected sudden change, then rose up onto his knees and reached for both lube and toy. He covered the plug with it, mechanically at first until it grew slick under his hand. The rubber warmed from the contact with his skin, and he closed his eyes, pretending it was one of the cocks he hoped would fuck him later. He settled back down, leaned on one arm and slid his hand down between his cheeks again, toy clutched in his hand. He screwed his eyes shut and jabbed the toy forward, only to squeak when the tip prodded him under his balls. His face heated and he fumbled to get a better handle on the plug, inching his grip upwards until his hand was curled about most of it. Giving it a squeeze, the boy tried to think of it again like a real cock, pictured again the ones he'd sucked earlier and shivered at the thought.

The tip brushed across his hole and then slid inside and he pressed it forward, the earlier experience with his fingers leading him to move slowly. The first part wasn't so bad but then the plug thickened and he winced. Christ, it was huge! His hand slid down to the base and he pushed it in further, hissing at the burn that was giving the whole 'throbbing pelvis' phrase a whole new meaning. It was about halfway in when his grip slipped and the plug tilted, bumping into something inside that made his eyes pop open. Was that-?

He tried again, this time pulling back a little and deliberately tilting the plug when he pushed forward. An electric sensation surged through his body, and he moaned. Yeah, that was definitely it! And now he knew what people were talking about and why all those stories went on about it! It was incredible, and when he did it again he could feel his dick respond, getting harder in a heady rush that left him dizzy. Xander couldn't resist moving the plug a little more, nudging that spot with each stroke, and it was with some surprise that he realized eventually that it was all the way in.

The knowledge pushed him over the edge. He started fucking himself with real abandon, pulling it almost all the way out and plunging it in harder and faster. It was easier now to imagine that it was a cock inside him, drilling him while hands held him down. He moaned again, remembering the sound of begging and the order to wait, to hold back. Could he do the same if he was told to? God, just the thought of it was almost hot enough to make him come! He struggled to keep it at bay, whispering, "Please," to his phantom lover. The words tasted strange on his lips, and he fucked himself harder, keeping the plug at that angle that raked over that spot almost constantly.

He closed his eyes again, shoving back against the toy as it was thrust inside, not thinking of anything now but the need to get fucked harder and faster. His cock was so hard it almost hurt, and he couldn't wait anymore- had to touch, had to come or explode. Shoving the plug all the way inside, he struggled up onto his knees and glanced down, eyes widening at the sight of his dick, standing straight up and so dark that it was almost purple. One hand slid down to touch, fingers gliding almost gingerly along his length, shuddering as the gentle caress made his spine tingle.

He thought about the sounds he'd heard earlier, about the way the men had groaned and swore while they fucked his mouth and each other, and barely had time to close his hand around his shaft before he was coming in a white-hot spasm that put everything before it to shame. "Fuuuuuuuck," he groaned, pumping every last drop out in an attempt to maximize the feeling.

As the last pulse ebbed away, he wiped his hand on the bedspread that was already soaked with come, then reached for his towel, cleaning lube and semen off with a few judicious swipes. There was still the toy to deal with, but he was too shaky to even think about it now. Besides, a glance at the clock showed that he'd taken longer than expected. Maybe he should just leave it in... he blushed even as he thought about it, but the idea had a delicious dirtiness that he couldn't pass up. Besides, they'd said ready to get fucked, right? And that would sure keep him ready!

He scooted back and got to his feet, gasping as the movement nudged the plug against his spot. His cock twitched half-heartedly, but didn't harden just yet, although he had a feeling that wouldn't last long. Moving carefully, the boy walked over to the closet where he'd discarded his earlier clothes. Hoping he wouldn't end up looking too stupid, he started to put them back on, wiggling into the jeans and moaning when they pressed the toy deep into him. Now, all he had to do was walk outside and hope that the fact he was wearing a butt plug wasn't spotted by everyone that saw him the second they looked. Squaring his shoulders, Xander took a deep breath and grabbed his jacket, then headed out to find Crawford Street.