Keywords: FF, cons, interr, rom
Part: Chapter 98
Author: Miranda Mars
Title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance

Chapter 98



          Temporarily satiated by her small, enthusiastic orgy with 
    Chanitra, Laura didn't remember for two days what Chanitra had 
    suggested about doing another sandwich with Karen.  The thought 
    heated her up promptly again, and she could think of nothing else 
    for a few days, until one evening her phone rang, and it was Brandi.

          "Oh god, Brandi, I thought you'd disappeared off the face of 
    the earth," she said.

          "You could've called," Brandi teased.

          "You told me not to.  Your husband, remember?"

          There was a painful silence on Brandi's end.  "I remember."

          Laura was flustered.  She wanted to be friendly, and yet she 
    felt a hot, insistent fluttering deep inside her pussy, which meant 
    more than friendly to her.  And yet Brandi was thousands of miles 
    away in Flint, Michigan.

          "Ahem," Brandi broke the silence.  "I believe you owe me some 
    congratulations."

          "Oh god, did I miss it again?"

          "I'm the six-time winner," Brandi said, almost unable to 
    control her pride.  "The only one ever to win six times."

          "God, I want to squeeze you."

          "You do?"

          "I want to do everything to you," she said, lowering her 
    voice, as if anyone could hear her in her own apartment.

          "I hope you do," Brandi said.  "I'm counting on it."

          "What do you mean?"

          "I won thirty-five grand in this contest.  The flight out 
    there is only four hundred bucks."

          "Oh, are you coming out here to visit me?" Laura said, smiling 
    and eager.

          "Just waiting for you to give me the okay."

          "I could take a few days off.  Want to drive down to Carmel?"

          "Long as I can spend every waking minute naked in the bed with 
    you," Brandi whispered into the phone.

          "Guaranteed," Laura breathed.  "How soon can you get here?"

          "How about tomorrow afternoon?"

          "I'll meet you at the airport."

          Laura rented a beach-front motel room in Carmel, and they 
    drove there directly from the airport.  The drive was not easy for 
    either one since the sexual tension was almost unbearable.

          "How far is this Carmel?" Brandi asked crossly, looking at 
    Laura as Laura drove.

          Laura felt she was on the verge of being raped by this strong, 
    gorgeous woman.  "Do you want me to take a side road and pull over 
    so you can kiss me?" she teased.

          "Yes.  Do you realize we haven't seen each other in nearly a 
    year?"

          "I hope we don't hurt each other."

          When they finally did get there, they both had to exert extra 
    self-control not simply to dash into the motel room and rape each 
    other violently, to the accompaniment of wild shrieks of ecstacy 
    that would certainly alarm the management and neighbors.  Finally 
    they were inside the room, alone together.  Brandi pulled the drapes 
    while Laura started to unpack one bag.

          "That'll wait, won't it?" Brandi asked, turning from the 
    drapes.

          She was absolutely stunning in a short white skirt and a 
    sleeveless jersey that showed off her sleek, muscular arms.  Laura 
    smiled.

          "It'll wait."

          "Pretty white lady, I be dying to get naked with you," Brandi 
    grinned, calling Laura by her affectionate name for the first time.

          Laura smiled, blooming all over with love and lust.  "Aren't 
    you going to show me the body that won Ms. Olympia more times than 
    anyone else?"

          "You're just like all the rest, aren't you," Brandi smiled.  
    "You want to eat my body with your eyes and then drag me down on the 
    bed and fuck me."

          Still smiling, Laura nodded slowly.  Brandi began a slow, 
    tantalizing striptease, removing her skirt and shoes first, then 
    reaching both hands behind her back to unzip her jersey.

          "Don't seem to be able to do this," she grinned.  "Could you 
    help?"

          Laura went over to her.  "I think I can get it," she said.

          She slowly unzipped the zipper from the top, first kissing the 
    nape of Brandi's neck as it came into view, then sensually licking 
    each inch of the smooth dark skin of Brandi's back as the zipper slid 
    down.  Brandi shivered as Laura's tongue dipped under her 
    shoulderblades.

          "Jesus, you giving me goosebumps, pretty white lady," she 
    sighed.

          The zipper stopped just above Brandi's bra strap.  Laura slowly 
    pulled up the jersey from the bottom and over Brandi's head.  Now 
    Brandi was naked except for her black lace bra and bikini panties.

          "Do you always dress this sexy?" Laura teased, kissing her 
    neck, toying with her bra clasp.

          "Did you forget?" Brandi grinned, bending her head back so that 
    Laura's lips could reach more of her deliciously smooth neck.

          "I could never forget you for a second," Laura breathed, 
    unclasping Brandi's bra and letting it slide down her arms.

          Instead of immediately cupping Brandi's small naked breasts 
    with her hands, she let them run over the hard, smooth ripples of 
    Brandi's incredible stomach, her fingertips brushing the velvet skin 
    and caressing the phenomenal muscles. 

          "God . . . what an incredible body," she whispered.

          Her hands finally reached Brandi's small, perfect breasts and 
    squeezed them.  By now Brandi had twisted her head so that they were 
    kissing, slowly, then more passionately, then hungrily, even 
    voraciously.  Brandi turned and began to tear at Laura's clothes.  
    Laura helped her, and without ceasing to kiss, she too was down to 
    her panties in only seconds.

          Now what she had half-feared and half-craved began happening, 
    as they could restrain themselves no longer.  Laura had forgotten 
    the sheer mass of Brandi's body, bulked with hard muscles, her 
    shoulders huge, her waist tiny, her thighs . . . shockingly massive, 
    shapely, black, shiny and . . .

          Oh god . . . fucked by Ms. Olympia's thigh again! she thought, 
    feeling herself grow faint in anticipation.

          They tumbled together onto the bed, their hands running 
    excitedly all over each other's naked flesh, their tongues dancing 
    and probing.  Brandi's mouth quickly found Laura's breasts, sucking 
    them hard and insistently.

          "Oh Laura . . . oh Laura . . . I've wanted you so much," she 
    murmured.  "I've . . . dreamed of this."

          Laura's hand caressed Brandi's huge, amazing, hard thigh, 
    giving her a sharp flutter deep in her pussy as she anticipated what 
    would soon be hers.  Then her fingers found Brandi's very wet, very 
    warm pussy. 

          "Ahhh!" Brandi gasped, her body clenching.  "Don't touch it!  
    Don't touch it, I'll come!  Oh honey . . . I'm so close!  I'll come 
    if you touch it!"

          "I want you to come," Laura giggled deep in her throat, 
    pushing Brandi onto her back, not an easy task since Brandi was so 
    strong.

          "Not yet.  I want to enjoy you first."

          "You'll have days to enjoy me," Laura whispered, already 
    kissing the incredible muscle ridges of Brandi's stomach, her smooth 
    belly, then arriving at the fresh, black-lipped open wet rose of her 
    pussy.

          She wasted no time, slithering her tongue deeply into it, 
    feeling Brandi's incredible body arch and quiver uncontrollably.

          "Oh!  Oh!" Brandi gasped.

          Then Laura brought her tongue out and up, stabbing Brandi's 
    swollen clit with it wildly, passionately.  Brandi's breath caught in 
    her throat.  She came in a quick rush.

          "Auunngghhh!" she cried out, her beautiful, grotesque, glossy 
    body straining, jerking in a sharp spasm of rapture, then straining 
    again, then shuddering as the spasms came more quickly.  "Auunggg!  
    Oh!  Oh god . . . Laur---, unghhh!  Oh!  Aunnggghh!"

          She came violently, a sharp, wrenching climax, groaning and 
    shuddering, finally panting and going slack, her eyes glassy as she 
    gazed into Laura's.  It was almost a minute before she could speak.  
    Then, she rolled Laura onto her back and slid immediately down 
    between Laura's thighs.

          "Laura, I've waited almost a year for this," she breathed.

          "Ohhnnnn Jesus . . . Brandi!" Laura gasped, overcome by the 
    passion of Brandi's hungry mouth on her pussy.

          It was a total mouth-rape.  Brandi devoured Laura's wet, 
    throbbing pussy in a way Laura had rarely experienced.  She sucked 
    and tongue-raped it until Laura spilled over in a hot rush of coming 
    almost before she knew what was happening.  Her body simply erupted 
    in hot streams of fire, and she turned her head sideways, pushing 
    her face into a nearby pillow to muffle her screams. 

          "Annghh!  Oh!  Unnnggmmnniiieee!" she cried out, her body 
    writhing sharply as the spasms wracked her. 

          She came hard, but it wasn't enough for her, or for Brandi.  
    They were so hungry for each other that in seconds, with Laura still 
    tingling from her orgasm, they were embracing, squirming together, 
    kissing heatedly, their fingers digging into one another's flesh.

          "Oh god, oh Laura, oh I missed you!" Brandi panted, then nearly 
    swooned as Laura sucked one of her nipples deep into her mouth for 
    the first time.  "Unhhhh!"

          "Oh baby . . . oh Brandi!" Laura panted back.  "Fuck me hard . 
    . . harder, yes!  Ungghh!"

          "Unh!  Unh!  Ohnngghh!  Unh!" Brandi grunted softly, gyrating 
    her hips, driving her pussy into Laura's plunging hand, biting 
    Laura's neck in a wild fit of passion.

          Brandi's hand also raped Laura's pussy roughly, and the two 
    them whimpered and moaned uncontrollably, their bodies pumping, 
    their hands flying.  

          "Oh god . . . kiss me baby I'm going to come again!" Laura 
    panted.

          "Yes . . . yes me too!" Brandi gasped.

          They kissed, their tongues snaking together just as a fierce 
    mutual orgasm engulfed them both.  They came as if they were one 
    person, their quivering bodies interlocked, their mouths glued 
    together, groaning and kissing and gasping and panting and 
    whimpering as the spasms tore at their throbbing flesh.  Finally, 
    they slowly released their grip on each other, slowly coming apart.

          "I told you we were going to hurt each other," Laura murmured 
    into Brandi's marvelous, beautiful black ear.

          Brandi grinned, still partially breathless.  "You know, all 
    year I get laid once, maybe twice a week.  My husband is very busy, 
    and I'm always working out.  We don't see each other that often.  
    Sometimes I come, sometimes I pretend.  Then, with you, I have two 
    orgasms in less than five mintues."

          "Mmmmmm," Laura nuzzled her neck.  "Maybe you'd like to try 
    for three."

          "All you want to do is get this muscle queen into bed and fuck 
    her to death, right?" Brandi smiled broadly.

          "Not to death," Laura purred.  "Just fuck her.  And fuck her 
    some more."

          Brandi grew kittenish, seductive.  Already very aware of of the 
    bizarre attraction her body held for nearly everyone, she knew 
    especially how it aroused Laura.

          "Don't tell me," she whispered, "that you want to lick me all 
    over."

          "Mmmmmm," Laura purred again, beginning to do it, starting 
    with Brandi's ears, then moving to her neck and shoulders.

          "No one ever licked me but you," Brandi shivered, lying back 
    and yielding her spectacular body completely to Laura.  

          "Nobody ever loved you like I do," Laura purred, now licking 
    Brandi's black, puffy nipples, bringing soft moans of deep pleasure 
    from Brandi.

          Now the first, hot urgency was gone, and Laura could take her 
    time.  She spent nearly ten minutes on Brandi's small breasts and 
    large nipples, making love to them with extravagant tenderness and 
    ingenuity.  Brandi enjoyed watching, and with Laura's help she 
    scrunched up some pillows at the head of the bed to support her 
    head.

          "Pretty white lady," she gasped softly, "you could make me 
    come just by doing that."

          "I know I could," Laura whispered.

          She sucked one nipple deep into her mouth, then let it slowly 
    escape, catching it with her teeth, looking up under her lashes into 
    Brandi's eyes.  Then she did the same thing with Brandi's other 
    nipple.  Brandi went wild, biting her lower lip, wincing slightly in 
    anticipation, as if Laura were going to bite her.

          But instead Laura tormented her beautiful breasts in more 
    ingenious ways.  She kissed them and kneaded them, now withdrawing 
    from Brandi's swollen, excited nipples until Brandi was almost begging 
    to have them sucked again.  Then she began gently pinching Brandi's 
    nipples, making her eyes water and quick, sharp gasps come from her 
    throat.

          "Oh god  . . . unhhh!  Oh god, Laura . . . !"

          "You are going to come, aren't you," Laura confirmed.

          "Yes!"

          "Ohhh . . . but not until I say so," Laura smiled, kissing 
    Brandi's mouth, stroking other parts of the fantastic body.

          "Nobody ever touched my boobs the way you do," Brandi panted.

          "They must be crazy," Laura breathed.  "I like to kiss them . 
    . . and suck them like this . . . and like this . . ."

          "Unhh!  Oh god . . ." Brandi twisted, looking down at Laura's 
    mouth on her wet nipples.  "God, Laura, suck me hard!  I'm going to 
    come!  Please!"

          For the first time, Laura began to treat her a little more 
    roughly, remembering how Brandi had once bragged about her ability to 
    bear pain.  Laura bunched up the firm flesh of one small breast in 
    both hands and teased Brandi's bursting, pointing nipple with her 
    teeth.

          "Ooohhhh!" Brandi grimaced.  "Oh!  Oh!  Don't . . . do it, oh . 
    . . yess!  Go ahead!  God, Laura . . . I'm going to come!"

          "Not yet . . . not yet," Laura smiled, knowing she was in 
    control.

          Brandi was close, but Laura held the strings.  She did the same 
    thing with Brandi's other exquisite breast, and Brandi whimpered, eyes 
    widening as she watched her nipple disappear into Laura's mouth.

          "Ohhnnn . . . Jesus!" she gasped.

          "I'm going to make you come without even touching your pussy," 
    Laura murmured.

          "Ain't gonna be hard . . . uhhh . . . pretty white unghhh oh!  
    God, Laura, yes, please!" she panted deliriously, her delicious 
    heavily-muscled gleaming body twisting and writhing.

          It took Laura several more minutes to actually make it happen.  
    Brandi had already come several times, and so her original hair-
    trigger sensitivity was gone.  But her body was still marvelously 
    responsive to Laura's caresses, and her breasts were very sensitive.

          Laura sucked and tongued and squeezed them patiently, until 
    she could see the glassiness in Brandi's dark eyes, and hear the 
    labored, frenetic chuff of her breath, and feel the tension in her 
    body.  When she knew Brandi had reached the point of no return, she 
    cranked up the heat.  She began to pinch and bite the shiny wet 
    cones of Brandi's black nipples, driving the girl to a fever pitch of 
    need.  Brandi's hips churned and quivered spasmodically, thrusting 
    helplessly into the air, as if she were pumping herself into a 
    climax.

          Then she grimaced and moaned.  Her body seized up suddenly, 
    without warning, and she came.

          "Ungghhh!" she cried out.  "Ohnngg!  Auungghhhh!  Oh!"

          It was a long, wrenching, almost agonizing orgasm during which 
    Laura continued to assault her delicious wet nipples, pinching and 
    squeezing Brandi's breasts sharply while sinking her teeth into the 
    erect black buds, not viciously, but not playfully either.  Brandi 
    came in sharp, quivering spasms, then finally fell back to the bed, 
    gasping and whimpering.  She was a wreck, and moaned softly, still 
    shuddering periodically, as Laura carefully wiped the saliva from 
    her tormented breasts.

          But it only took a few minutes for her strength to return.  
    She embraced Laura tightly, kissing her aggressively.

          "Pretty white lady, my titties are yours forever," she said, 
    with wide eyes.  "I thought you had already made me come every way 
    possible . . . and now look what you did to me."

          "Was it good?" Laura smiled.

          "Mmmmm," Brandi nuzzled Laura's neck.  "I think I can show you 
    how good it was."

          A sharp, involuntary shiver gripped Laura's body as she 
    realized that what she had been not even daring to think of was now 
    going to happen.  She gulped.  Brandi could see the wild, even half-
    crazy sexual need suddenly appear in Laura's eyes. 

          "You want it, don't you," she whispered into Laura's ear, 
    following the words with her tongue.

          Laura shivered again.  "I want it," she whispered back.  "I 
    want you to do it to me . . . hard."

          They both looked down at Brandi's incredible thighs, glossy and 
    huge and bulging with muscle, fiercely muscular and yet strangely 
    beautiful in the curves and cambers of flesh, hard but smooth, the 
    taut skin dark and velvety.  Brandi flexed them, and the visible 
    tensile strength beneath the skin made Laura's throat catch.  She 
    could feel her pussy throbbing, running with juice.  One of those 
    incredible muscles would be pressed against her vulnerable pussy 
    within minutes, and she would be dying of coming, orgasms she had 
    only dreamed of in the past year, Olympian orgasms that had once or 
    twice made her pass out, they were so strong.  Only the orgasms she 
    experienced in the depths of sado-masochistic perversion with Karen 
    could rival or surpass them.

          She felt her whole body pulsing with wild sexual excitement, 
    partially aroused by making Brandi come moments ago, but mostly by 
    looking at Brandi's thighs.  

          "I want to kiss them, touch them," she murmured hypnotically.

          She stroked the rock-hard but silky smooth thighs with her 
    fingertips, then slid down and kissed the muscled ridges and smooth 
    planes of hard flesh.  This aroused Brandi as much as it did Laura.  
    And Laura's mouth was perilously close to Brandi's pussy, while she 
    kissed and caressed Brandi's phenomenal thighs.

          "Oh . . . oh!" Brandi gasped involuntarily as Laura's lips 
    moved closer to her pussy.  "Oh . . . Laura!"

          Brandi had come only minutes earlier, and now it was Laura's 
    turn, so they were both surprised as Laura moved inevitably, 
    pressing her lips against Brandi's wet, open pussy, stroking her clit 
    passionately.

          "Oh . . . oh god!  Yes . . . ohhhh Laura!" Brandi gasped.

          "Honey, you're going to come again," Laura murmured.

          "I know!  Ungghh!  Oh . . . god!  Oh Laura, you make me so 
    hot!  Ungghh!  Auungghhhh!  Oh!  Auunnghiiieee!"

          Brandi came with shocking suddenness, flexing and groaning as a 
    fresh orgasm gripped her glossy, shuddering body.  The bed even 
    shook and quivered as she arched and moaned, clenching her amazing 
    muscles and clenching her teeth as each hot spasm ripped her.  Then 
    she fell back, blinking, unbelieving, at Laura.

          "I thought I was supposed to be doing that to you," she 
    panted, still stunned by the unexpected climax.

          "Mmmmm, you were," Laura smiled, beginning to kiss and stroke 
    her huge, hard thighs once more.  "Just don't get carried away this 
    time."

          "Just stay away from my pussy, pretty white lady," Brandi 
    purred, again flexing the marvelous muscles of her legs for Laura's 
    delight.

          "But pretty black lady, you have such a pretty black pussy," 
    Laura purred back.

          Now, however, after fucking Brandi into repeated orgasms, Laura 
    was desperately horny herself.  Only a minute or so of kissing and 
    stroking the smooth, hard marvels of Brandi's incredible thighs had 
    her shaking with anticipation.  Brandi knew it, and she gently, with 
    great strength, pulled Laura up by the shoulders and rolled her onto 
    her back.

          "I'm gonna fuck you, pretty white lady," she murmured softly, 
    gazing deep into Laura's eyes as she hovered over her.

          Laura was almost delirious with need already, her pussy 
    throbbing and wet, her eyes blurred as she looked up at Brandi.  
    "Fuck me hard," she whispered hoarsely.  "Fuck me hard."

          She spread her own thighs and looked down to watch one of 
    Brandi's monstrously-muscled black glossy thighs move into her groin.  
    She thought her heart would stop when she felt Brandi's skin brush 
    her cuntlips.

          "Oh!"

          "You're all wet, pretty white lady," Brandi whispered into her 
    ear.

          "Yes."

          Brandi clenched her thigh and pushed it further into Laura's 
    groin, until Laura's pussy was splayed against the hard ridge of 
    muscle.  Then she began slowly moving it up and down.  Laura was 
    afraid she would come too quickly, as Brandi had been earlier, 
    without being able to enjoy it fully.  She bit her lower lip.

          "Go . . . slow," she begged softly.

          "Slow . . . sloooowww," Brandi whispered, relaxing and then 
    reclenching her thigh muscle so that Laura could feel it move 
    against her pussy.

          But there was no way to go slowly.  Laura was consumed with 
    need.  Fucking her aroused Brandi equally.  In seconds Laura was 
    whimpering uncontrollably, her head thrown back in the sheets, 
    unable to watch.  She churned her hips, thrusting her pussy up into 
    Brandi's hard smooth thigh, which now slid faster against it, and 
    pushed more roughly into it.

          "Ungghh!" Laura groaned, feeling the true strength and force 
    of it for the first time.  "Oh!  Ungghhh!"

          Now Brandi leaned down closer, her body covering Laura's as she 
    slid her hands down to Laura's ass, to get more leverage.  In the 
    back of her half-hysterical mind, Laura knew that now the really 
    rough stuff was coming.  

          "Yes . . . yes!" she hissed into Brandi's ear.   "Yes . . . 
    fuck me!  Hard!"

          Brandi's strong hands held her squirming pelvis in place, and 
    Brandi's hard, relentless thigh crunched into Laura's vulnerable 
    pussy, nearly making Laura see stars as a shower of sexual sparks 
    spread through her body.

          "Awwoonnnggg!" she groaned.

          It wasn't pain so much as a sensation of being totally 
    obliterated sexually by this massive moving muscle raping her pussy.  
    Fierce sexual shivers gripped Laura's entire body, and she began to 
    whimper hysterically, unable to control herself.

          "Unnghh!  Ohhnng!  Awwoonnggg!" she howled each time Brandi's 
    hard thigh muscle jammed into the wet open flower of her throbbing 
    pussy.

          But she was so aroused and frantically horny that only a few 
    crushing strokes of Brandi's thigh muscle in the hot, itchy wet 
    crease of her pussy sent her over the top.  She came in a quick, 
    shocking uprush of burning ecstacy, her cries strangled in her 
    throat into incoherent whimpers.

          "Unnghnnmmggeeee!" she cried out, clamping her own thighs 
    around Brandi's, pumping frantically.  "Ohhnngghhnnmmhheee!"

          "Oh baby . . . oh baby!" Brandi murmured in her ear, holding 
    Laura's shuddering body while Laura came, keeping her massive thigh 
    steady as Laura ground and undulated her spasming pussy into it.

          Finally, Laura's body relaxed and she moaned, releasing Brandi, 
    whom she had been clinging to desperately during her climax.  She 
    unclamped her thighs, and they both looked down at Brandi's huge 
    muscle, now glistening with Laura's juices.

          Tears welled up briefly in Laura's eyes.  "It was over so 
    quick," she wept softly.  "I wanted it to go on and on."

          Brandi smiled as she wiped off her thigh with a hand towel from 
    the bathroom.  She nuzzled Laura, then kissed her.

          "There's plenty more where that came from," she murmured 
    softly, reassuringly.  "Look, I have one more thigh."

          "God . . . I want it," Laura said, her eyes burning with 
    sexual fire that had not been extinguished by her quick orgasm, as 
    fierce as it had been.  "I want it now."

          "Really?" Brandi perked up.  She knew how both of them could 
    get on a roll, and not be willing to quit. 

          "Yes.  Remember how one time you sat in a chair . . . like 
    that one.  And you ran my pussy back and forth on your thigh and 
    sucked my nipples until I almost fainted."

          Brandi nodded.  She knew they both remembered it.  Without 
    saying a thing, she moved to the chair, and Laura joined her, 
    straddling Brandi's other thigh, then slowly lowering her pussy onto 
    it.  It seemed to both of them that the sexual tension generated by 
    what they had done minutes ago on the bed had been merely a prelude 
    to this.  Both of them were nearly shaking with excitement.

          Brandi's strong hands gripped Laura's hips, and she began to 
    draw Laura's wet, slippery pussy back and forth on the hard smooth 
    ridge of her thigh muscle.  At the same time Laura's naked breasts 
    were in her face, and she chased Laura's nipples with her mouth, 
    catching them, sucking hard, driving Laura mad with fresh lust.

          Now Laura got her wish.  Her orgasm had taken away her hair-
    trigger urgency, and now both of them could indulge in a slow, 
    intense, profoundly erotic ritual of fucking.  Brandi was gentle with 
    her at first, moving Laura's pussy carefully across the tensed cord 
    of her thigh muscle.  But her mouth on Laura's breasts was anything 
    but gentle.  She sucked Laura's tingling nipples sharply, hungrily, 
    driving Laura crazy.

          "Oh Jesus . . . Brandi!  Oh!  Ungghh!  Oh yes!  God . . . it 
    feels so good!  Suck me hard!  Yes!"

          "I love your beautiful breasts, Laura," Brandi panted, chasing 
    them with her lips, tonguing them, sucking them, teasing Laura's 
    nipples with her teeth.  "I dream of them . . . dream of sucking 
    them like this."

          "Unhh!  Oh!" Laura gasped, quickly losing control.

          Now Brandi's strong hands were rubbing Laura's wet, aching 
    pussy more roughly back and forth along her thigh muscle, and Laura 
    was growing increasingly delirious.  Brandi's teeth clamped down 
    harder than usual on one of Laura's throbbing nipples, and Laura 
    felt a squirt of fire shoot through her breast.

          "Unnnghh!" she gagged.

          "I'm going to fuck you hard this time, Laura," Brandi panted to 
    her.

          Then she nearly swallowed Laura's other nipple, sucking it 
    deep into her mouth and then biting it too.  Laura went insane with 
    need. 

          "God . . . yes, Brandi!  Fuck me!" she begged hoarsely, 
    writhing and panting wildly.  "Fuck me on the bed!  Oh . . . please!  
    Quick!  I'm going to come again!"

          Brandi knew it was true.  Only rarely did Laura become so 
    desperately wild, shaking and whimpering and panting crazily, 
    digging her fingers into Brandi's hard flesh, begging her.  She 
    lifted Laura like a doll and laid her on her back on the mattress.  
    Laura gazed up at her, biting her lower lip, frantic with lust.

          "Yes . . yes . . . yessss!" she hissed as Brandi's thigh again 
    settled between her own spread thighs.

          And now Brandi began to fuck her seriously, holding Laura's 
    body tightly and kissing her, whispering in her ear, while her huge, 
    iron-hard thigh muscle crunched into the wet, throbbing furrow of 
    Laura's pussy.  She was very strong, and each pulverizing stroke of 
    her muscle against Laura's vulnerable slit brought a strangled cry 
    of pain mixed with rapturous pleasure from deep in Laura's chest.

          "Auunngghh!"

          "Unh!" Brandi grunted softly, raising her thigh, then jamming 
    it hard into Laura's pussy.

          "Auunnghghhh!"

          "Unh!"

          Laura's poor throbbing clit was mashed under the massive iron 
    muscle.  Her whole body streamed with fire.  She pumped her wounded 
    groin up into each thrust of the massive, monstrous thigh, gagging 
    as it crunched once again into her pussy.

          "Auunngghhh! Oh . . . god!"

          "Come . . . honey, come," Brandi murmured to her, plunging her 
    massive muscle once more into Laura's mauled pussy.

          "Oh . . . oh god, Brandi!  Oh shit!" Laura panted, suddenly 
    beginning to black out as she felt an incredible wave of sexual 
    pleasure engulf her.

          This orgasm hit her like a ton of bricks.  She immediately 
    lost consciousness as she began to come, her body blooming with 
    molten ecstacy, her senses reeling as Brandi's enormous hard thigh 
    continued to rape and ravish her aching groin.  Brandi fucked her 
    hard, as she had promised, crushing Laura's body in a fierce embrace 
    while abrading her enormous thigh muscle up and down in the slimy 
    crease of Laura's splayed pussy.

          And Laura's body was shattered by excruciating coming.  She 
    blacked out only for a few seconds, totally stunned by the 
    overpowering shock of the orgasm, then came back to consciousness in 
    a throbbing welter of rapturous spasms, her body wracked and 
    wrenched by pleasure intense enough to be piercing pain as Brandi 
    continued to thigh-fuck her even as she was coming.

          "Aunnghhh!  Ohnngg!  Unghhh!  Auunnggg!" she groaned as she 
    came to, still climaxing fiercely, wrenched by each successive 
    spasm, and nearly lifted off the bed by each thrust of Brandi's 
    massive thigh.

          And then another overwhelming ecstacy gripped her, and she 
    briefly again reeled back into unconsciousness, a second orgasm so 
    total that for a second she even stopped breathing.  This time it 
    took longer for her to recover, and Brandi stopped fucking her 
    finally, releasing her iron grip on Laura, and stroking her, 
    caressing her, coaxing her back to life.  Laura blinked at her, then 
    began laughing and crying simultaneously.

          "Pretty white lady, I forgot how you come that way and scare 
    me," Brandi confessed.  "Each time I think you might not make it 
    back."

          Laura wiped away her tears on the bed sheet.  "This time I 
    didn't know whether I would either," Laura said softly.  

          "Maybe you ought to consider knitting," Brandi winked.

          "You mean instead of fucking?"

          "Absolutely.  It seems like a dangerous activity for you."

          "If you mean I die of coming when you fuck me, you're right," 
    Laura smiled, kissing her, and caressing the iron-hard thigh that 
    had just sent her to paradise.  "It's potentially lethal, but I 
    couldn't live without it."

          Brandi flexed her incredible thigh playfully.  "The deadly 
    thigh of Ms. Olympia," she teased.  "Fuck you near to death.  When 
    you come, you go to heaven.  Or hell."

          "Heaven," Laura said.  

          And she recalled how they had often agreed that it would be 
    dangerous for both of them to see each other often.  We really would 
    kill one another with fucking, she thought.
