As the plane began its descent, I tried to catch another nap, but I began thinking of Thanksgiving at my mom's. I knew Rick would be there, a big hunk of a bear. Ever since my sister began to date him, I'd fantasize about his hairy, strong arms and chest, and tight butt, and what we could do to each other some night in the sack. I'd always wondered what his bearded lips could do to my cock, if he'd dare to take me up on my unspoken lust for him.
It was just a dream, I realized. Rick was straight. He married my sister, and he was a successful businessman. I'd never picked up any vibes from him that he was interested in men, let alone his brother in law.
As always, it was going to be an interesting Thanksgiving at my mom's. She had called several weeks ago, insisting I come home for the holiday. It was the first Thanksgiving after my sister's divorce, and the whole family was out of sorts.
We were all pretty upset that Susan divorced Rick this past summer. It was a shock to all of us, as they seemed to be the perfect couple, and Rick was beloved by all of us, and quickly became my mom's other son. Susan had stunned us by announcing she had been having a long affair with her boss, and was ending her three year marriage.
Susan wasn't going to be with us, as she and her lover, whom she married as soon as the divorce was final, were off to the Caribbean for the holidays. Mom still adored Rick, and invited him for the weekend, too, just like old times. She wanted me there, too, so Rick wouldn't be the only "son" at home, and so he'd have another man to talk to, someone his age. Mom knew we were good friends, and that Rick always enjoyed my wry sense of humor. Besides, Mom had said that Rick was still pretty low after the divorce, and needed to be around family for the holidays.
I was the last one to arrive, and everyone lined up at the door to welcome me with a big hug, including Rick. He had flown in a few hours before me, and gave me a hearty embrace, telling me it was great to see me again, and asking me if we could work in a racquetball game sometime over the weekend. He'd wanted to see if he could beat me again, like he usually
did.
We spent the day like any Thanksgiving, stuffing ourselves silly on a huge table of our favorite foods, then nearly passing out on the couch as we all watched several football games, interlaced with two desserts, and then, yet another plateful of food. Rick loosened the belt on his jeans, and we laughed at how much we had put away.
My mom, my aunt and my sister announced that they would be up at the crack of dawn the next day, to take in the holiday sales at the mall, and that Rick and I would be on our own for the entire day. Rick and I agreed to try out the racquetball court and take a walk along the river, as the weather promised to be pretty decent for late November. We certainly weren't shoppers, especially on the busiest shopping day of the year.
Mom had put both Rick and me in the back bedroom, over the garage, as we had a full house, and Mom wanted to give us some time to visit.
"You boys don't want to listen to all of our girl chatter, anyway,"
she joked.
As we all headed for bed after the long day of eating, visiting, and watching TV, I opened the bedroom door, to find Rick already stripping off his shirt, and pulling down the comforter on the king sized bed. His strong shoulders rippled, and I admired his thick, curly black chest hair, cascading down his well-defined pecs and firm belly. I knew he liked to
work out, and prided himself on keeping in shape.
"Looks like we're sharing the bed, Dave," Rick chuckled. "I don't
snore very much, and I think you'll find me to be a good bed mate."
My cock stirred again, entranced by the sight of this hairy, muscular hunk of a man, stripping his clothes off, ready to share a bed with me. My cock was living its own fantasy, and was trying to get me to go along.
"I don't mind at all, Rick," I said, as I stripped off my shirt, my own hairy chest feeling the coolness of the bedroom air, and began to unbutton my jeans. "I sleep in the nude. I hope you're comfortable with that."
"Yeah, I sure am. Susan couldn't stand me sleeping bare assed, so to please her, I wore pajamas. They're just too hot for me, so now, I just do what pleases me. She didn't like to see my hairy chest, either, he said. "Even when we made love, she'd make me wear a T shirt. She told me all that hair was gross and made her itch."
"Wow, that doesn't sound very romantic, or even very comfortable. I think you look real manly," I replied, as we both stripped off our jeans and shorts, and crawled into the large bed.
I caught a good glimpse of his large balls and his uncut cock, before he slipped under the sheet. He was an attractive, well build man, a man I wanted to hold in my arms, a man my
cock wanted for itself, all night long.
After we doused the lights, except for a night light, Rick began to talk about his marriage, and Susan's betrayal. We'd talked about everything but that during the day. Now, I sensed he needed to get a lot off of his chest, and I listened to him pour out his heart. I could feel
the heat from his naked body, just inches from me, as he waved his hands, his voice intent on his story, as my cock stirred, knowing his uncut manhood was within reach of my eager hand, and my needy cock. I could smell his manly aroma rising from his bushy pits, musty, hot with his
emotions, his sad story.
"She made me feel like such an ass, even when we screwed. I always had to beg her to have sex. She started telling me I didn't satisfy her, and that I wasn't much of a man. She told me my cock was too small, and I didn't know how to service her," Rick said.
His voice started to crack, as I saw a tear roll down into his beard.
"After she told me she'd been screwing that son of a bitch for months, she bragged about what a stud he was, and that she realized she needed a real man in her bed, someone who knew how to take care of her needs, to make her feel like a whole woman," Rick said, his voice rising in anger. "She said she'd finally found someone with a real cock, who knew
how to use it."
"Well, Rick, you look pretty handsome to me, and from what I've seen of you, you certainly have a lot to offer in that department," I replied.
Rick knew that I liked men, and that I'd had my share of romance over the years with guys, and I'd always felt that he had accepted me for who I was. We'd come to talk about our love lives over the years, becoming close, becoming brothers. We'd both had our moments with my sister, and her moods and personality quirks were a subject of frequent conversations
between us, at the gym or over a beer, during our visits these last three years.
"Dave, I need your honest opinion, here," Rick said. "Do you think I'm too small?"
Rick flipped down the sheet covering his chest, belly and, now, his furry groin, displaying his large, flaccid cock, draped over his hairy ball sack, his uncut tip lying on his muscular thigh. It was, indeed, a sight for sore, horny eyes, laying there, amidst all the curls of his bush, the thick hair curling around his cock root, and the fur of his balls.
I began to sweat, my heart picking up, as this strong, muscular man in my bed baring his gorgeous, mouthwatering manhood for my inspection, my commentary, my fantasy.
"It's magnificent, Rick. You've got something there to brag about, that's for sure," I replied. "And, I assume it works just fine when it gets a bit harder, when you're making love to a beautiful lady."
"Well, that's my quandary, brother. I went out on a date a few weeks ago, and we were both willing, but Mr. Peter there didn't seem to get the message, and I was limp as a noodle. I'm wondering now, if I can get it up with anyone," Rick said.
He took his hand and grasped his cock, beginning to stroke it. He pumped himself four or five times, and his cock didn't move, didn't respond to his attentions.
"See. It just lies there," he cried. "I think I'm impotent. That God damned Susan did a real number on me. Or, maybe she's right. Maybe I'm just a failure as a man."
Rick began to weep, and I reached over to embrace him, his head on my shoulder, our bare, furry chests touching, as his tears wetted my skin, and began to roll down into the curls of my pecs. I hugged him tightly, holding him as he released his sorrow, his anger, his rage into my hard shoulder.
"Rick, you are a beautiful man," I said. "You are kind, sensitive, and a lot of fun to be around. And, your cock just needs the right kind of relationship. When you are with someone you can trust, who respects you, who is a friend before they are a lover, then your cock will know that."
Rick nodded, between sobs. We began to talk about our emotions, our desires to be sensitive, understanding men, and how hard it is to really relate to people on a gut level, to talk about really emotional stuff, to truly bare our souls to someone.
"How does it work for you, Dave, with other men?" Rick asked. "Can
you have sex without some sort of relationship?"
I assured him I could, most men can, but sex without some emotional connection, without some degree of love, respect was just mutual masturbation. A real meaningful orgasm could only occur if there was friendship and respect.
"I've never had that, even with Susan. I thought that was our relationship, but it obviously wasn't," Rick said. "If my cock responded to someone, I guess then I'd know. I guess then I could try to make love, and even be good at it. I just don't know."
We talked a bit more about our feelings, and I answered Rick's questions about how men make love, how they could express their emotions with each other in bed. As we talked, Rick relaxed, and we were able to joke a bit. He reached over to hug me again, and I felt his cock against my thigh, its shaft now hard, its head enlarged.
"Well, Rick, you seem to be pretty relaxed around me now, except for Mr. Peter there. He seems wanting a little attention from me," I chuckled.
I could feel Rick blush, his face and chest turning red.
"Uh, well, ...," he stammered.
"Maybe you need to be with a man, Rick. Not all of us are built to only want sex with just one sex. Many men are interested in having sex with another man. And, it seems like Mr. Peter has expressed an interest here. If you want to make love to me, I wouldn't say no," I said, holding him tightly to my chest, our naked bodies touching, his hard cock against
my belly.
"I'd like that, Dave. You've always treated me as a good friend, as a brother, and I trust you. I've always thought I only liked women, but lately, I've realized I also have an interest in men. I've just never had the courage to explore that with someone, someone I trust," Rick said.
"But, you're a guy I can trust, Dave, and I'd like you to be... the first."
I gently pushed Rick back, on to his back, his strong, chiseled chest now beneath my hand, as I stroked his thick pelt of curls, and played with his ripe, eager nipples, feeling them harden to my touch, feeling them stiffen, aching for even more attention.
My fingers explored his damp, forested armpits, feeling his nervous, horny sweat begin to pool in his crevices, wetting his thick hairs, his musty scent now stronger with his excitement, the newness of male love. His breath deepened, his chest now rising and falling more rapidly, as I took his nipples into my mouth, rubbing my beard and moustache into the thickness of his hairy chest, my lips tasting the fresh sweat breaking out on his skin, as I moved farther south, stroking his hard belly, cupping his balls with my other hand, feeling the heat of his lust.
Soon, I was tasting his shaft, its silky smooth skin-tight against the hardness of his thick, meaty cock, my finger and thumb circling his cock root, tight against the curls of his hair, feeling his pulse of blood coursing into his manhood, savoring my attention to his hot steel meat.
I took Rick's hand, and moved it to my chest, leading him in fondling my nipples, rubbing my hair, feeling my own increasing heartbeat, the sweat of my lust for this new lover, the man of my fantasies. I pulled his bearded jaw close to my chest, holding him against my nipples, as histongue began to tantalize the points of my hard nips, feeling his wet
tongue against the hard ends, sending electricity into my brain, into my hard cock, bringing my full balls to life, now ready to empty themselves with his touch.
As we started to move into high gear, I gently pushed Rick away, whispering that we needed to get some protection, and I grabbed several condoms from my suitcase, returning to our bed, finding my lover anxious to move on to the next level. I tore open a condom, and slowly rolled it down Rick's hard cock, its head now leaking pre-cum, soaking his shaft and balls. As I moved the condom down his hot shaft with my thumb and finger, I inhaled his rich, manly smell, musty, horny aroma, and ran my hand over his furry groin, feeling the hardness of his cock against the back of my hand, caressing his full balls with my palm, his heat rising into the room, warming my bare skin.
I took Rick fully into my mouth, plunging up and down on him, his cockhead sliding the length of my tongue, his manhood filling my mouth with his urgent need, his balls rising as they readied themselves to hurl his seed, to reach his climax. His hands gripped my shoulders hard, as his hips bucked beneath me, thrusting his cock hard into my mouth, his balls bouncing against my moustache, my beard, his breath now coming in ragged gasps.
I pulled on one of Rick's nipples, sending yet another bolt of lust to his brain, releasing his sperm from his balls, as it shot through his pistoning cock, releasing himself into my wet, hungry mouth, until his spasms subsided, his cock now slowly spending the last of his seed, the condom now sticking to his cock shaft by the rest of his cum, dripping down to soak the fur on his balls.
As Rick slowly began to relax from his journey to the other side of the sun, he began to explore my still eager balls, my still hard cock, and the muscles and hair of my hungry body, finding the spots that men have touched since time began, the places where the sources of pleasure await the knowing fondlings of their lovers. His hairy face slowly caressed my wanting chest, my belly, answering my hunger for the touch of another man.
He took my cock in his mouth, hesitating at first, with a bit of uncertainty.
"Go for it, partner," I whispered. "Just do what you think you would like me to do to you. It's that simple."
I could feel Rick's shoulders relax, as he renewed his attack on my stiff shaft, until he had me moaning and panting, until I could feel my own jism rise in my balls, ready to shoot my load into the eager maw of my lover's hot mouth, emptying myself into him, as I climbed my own mountain.
Rick kept fondling me, stroking me, bringing me closer and closer to my own climax, until I could no longer resist his siren song of touches and pistoning, until he finally released me to cum, again and again, until I could shoot no more, until I was fully satisfied, held by my lover, as I reached the top of my mountain.
Rick held me in his muscular, warm arms, gently stroking the hairs of my beard and moustache, as we talked about our fantasies, our sexuality, our feelings of horniness throughout our lives. I cupped his balls again, as we talked, feeling his nuts in his ball sack, holding him close, as he shared with me his most intimate thoughts, his most personal desires and wants.
"What do you want to do with me now, Rick? What is your deepest wish tonight?" I asked.
"I want to be inside of you, Dave. I want to take you with my cock, and I want to experience you in the most complete way I can imagine," Rick said.
"I'd like that, too, Rick. I want you to take me now, to completely fill me with yourself, to put your very essence of existence inside of me, to fully know me," I replied. "I want to take you to a place you've never been, but a place you've always wanted to be."
I retrieved more condoms from my suitcase, along with a pint of whiskey, and handed Rick the bottle. He took a long swig and so did I. He lit several candles that were on the nightstand, saying that he wanted to see me clearly when he entered me, and wanted to experience everything about this night he possibly could.
My lover then began to run his hands along my naked back, rubbing his strong hands against my muscles and into my armpits, and around to my eager, hungry nipples. I unrolled his second rubber down his once again hard cock, his silky skin still wet from his first cumming, his balls now swaying beneath his cock and his hairy groin, hot to my touch.
Rick laid me on my back in the middle of our bear sized bed, spreading my thighs with his strong thighs and hips, until my balls and hungry cock were opened for him, until my hole was exposed to his stiff cock. I looked between my thighs to see my lover, his bearded face split by a large grin, his hairy, sweaty chest and hard nipples glowing in the candlelight, his furry belly moving in and out with his breath, now deepening, as he began to make love to me, again.
He planted his large, muscled, furry arms on both sides of my now damp chest, his hairy pits wet with his lusty sweat, my nostrils filled with his stronger scent of musty, horny sweat and the drying cum from both of our cocks, the room filled with golden candlelight and male lust.
I guided his manhood against my hole, wetting his missile with my saliva, feeling the head of his cockhead against the rosebud of my hole, feeling Rick's eagerness as he positioned himself to take a man for his first time.
"Take me, Rick. Take me with everything you've got," I whispered into his ear, his beard rubbing against my beard, his breath hot and ragged, as I felt his shaft in my hands, as I moved his cockhead into my hole.
Rick slid into me, slowly at first, until his cockhead popped through my hole, until his entire shaft filled my chute with his thick, hot manhood. His cockhead pushed past my prostate, Rick fully into me, until his balls pushed against my butt cheeks, his furry bush pushing against my own balls, until we were united, until we were one.
As he pistoned himself into me, finding his rhythm, his furry chest and belly rubbed against me, caressing my once again hard cock against his hot, sweaty skin, bringing me closer to my second climax, my second trip to the mountain.
Rick stuffed me with his hard cock, rocking into me, filling me, satiating me even as I hungered for my own release, until I felt him explode inside of me, his cock shooting and throbbing, his balls emptying once again, exploding into me, until he had nothing left to give, until he was fully released.
As Rick came, he brought me along, bringing me once again to the top of my mountain, until I shot my load, splattering my cum over our hairy bellies, our sweaty, hairy chests, adding more lubricant to our thrustings, until we fell onto the bed together, sweat and cum everywhere we touched.
"Now, I really know what it means to being stuffed on Thanksgiving."