Harry ate dinner automatically in the Room of Requirement then nervously paced the floor. Even though he was sure he would go to Snape’s rooms, he wasn’t sure of his motives. He felt a suffocating need to be in the man’s presence, even if he was to sit dumbly and just listen. He’d been cowardly for too long, better to get it over and done with, then maybe he would have some piece of mind.

Harry waited an hour after curfew so as to ensure no one was around. Even though he knew he couldn’t be seen by others, he didn’t feel comfortable walking around them anymore. He made himself invisible and quickly arrived at Snape’s door. He wondered if he should knock but thought Snape might find that behaviour strange for a ghost. With a few seconds concentration, he passed easily through the wards and stonewalls, and walked into the quarters.

Even though a fire was fiercely burning, the main room was empty. Harry noticed the half-full decanter of whiskey resting on the side table next to a used glass. Perhaps Snape was still doing his rounds? He allowed himself to become completely visible; confident in the knowledge that no one else would be here.

A low moan was heard. Harry whisked around, wand in hand. It was heard again and Harry realised it was coming from the open door that Snape had used the first night Harry had appeared to him at Hogwarts. Walking stealthily, he crossed the room and peered in.

Snape lay sprawled in the centre of his bed. Harry saw him shivering, even though he was under several thick blankets. Harry approached the bed carefully and kneeled by its side. He could make out whispered words between the moans.

“Don’t do it…please…don’t do it. I said I was sorry!” This was yelled and Harry fell back, afraid that Snape would wake up himself up. But the suffering man continued to moan and struggle.

“I’m sorry my Lord, I won’t do it again. I promise… I’m faithful. Do what you want to me…never betray you again…swear it. Swear it on my life….aaaghh!” Harry stood over his thrashing body, afraid he’d do himself some harm.

“No Lord…hate him. Hate him, wish he was dead…hate them all Lord, I swear I do.” Harry saw a lone tear escape Snape’s scrunched eyes and roll down his face.

“Wish he was dead…want him dead…want to kill him…want him. Please Lord, make them stop…want him…want him….want him.”

Harry could no longer take the torment he was seeing; even if his cover was blown and Snape hated him forever, he had to try and get him out of the nightmare. He gingerly sat down on the edge of the bed and laid a careful hand on Severus’ straining chest. The body underneath his hand bucked up in agony so Harry pressed harder, forcing the screaming man back into the mattress.

“Severus,” he whispered, moving his hand in slow circles. “It’s alright now, you’re safe. They can’t hurt you now.”

Severus moaned and his hand moved to clutch Harry’s tightly. Harry moved onto the bed, legs curled under his body as his other hand stroked damp hair from Snape’s temple.

“It’s alright Severus, I’m here now,” he chanted, “I’m here. No one can hurt you now, I’ll take care of you.”

“Harry,” Severus moaned, eyes still shut as his body started to relax.

“Yes Severus, it’s Harry. I won’t let them hurt you anymore, I promise. I’ll protect you, I swear I will. It’s alright, I’m here now.” Harry continued to croon and repeat his words, until Severus was laying quietly, his breathing returned to normal. Harry’s hand left the tangled mass of hair and gently ran his fingers down the slack, peace-filled face. Over and over he stroked, moving his hand lightly over the razor-sharp cheekbones, caressed the length of the nose, smoothed the creases still present in the forehead, lightly touched the moist lips.

“Harry.” His name was a near inaudible whisper that slipped from the mouth of the sleeping man.

“It’ll be alright now,” Harry replied. Without conscious thought, he leaned over and gently pressed his lips to those of the sleeping man.

It wasn’t until he’d left the room that he’d realised he’d called Snape by his first name.

*****

The next day was Saturday, the day before the big celebration. Harry’s sleep had been disturbed again, visions of Severus thrashing in pain overlaid with images of Severus moving in ecstasy. Dobby had been disappointed to find that Harry had not fully eaten his breakfast, the majority of food was untouched although the teapot was empty. Harry needed to find Severus.

He went to the same dungeon where Snape had made the concentrated weezlewood potion. Closing the door softly behind him, he made sure that no one else was in the room apart from Severus, who sat writing at his desk. Harry let himself become visible and walked to the front of the room. Snape must have felt a change in the air of the dungeon because he looked up, even though Harry had been silent. Harry stopped at his desk, face impassive.

Snape looked better this morning than he had for days. Although he still had dark circles under his eyes, his skin looked less sallow and his eyes gleamed brightly.

“Hello,” he said cautiously. Harry didn’t move.

“I dreamt of you last night,” Snape said quietly, eyes downcast, pretending to focus on his writing. Harry carefully sat down, eyes never leaving Snape.

“You don’t look surprised,” Severus chuckled morosely. Harry grinned hesitantly.

“Stupid of me, I’m sure,” Snape mumbled, fiddling with his quill. “Do you know what I dreamed about?” he asked abruptly.

Harry shook his head, hoping he’d be told what had caused such night terrors in the man.

Severus leaned back in his chair heavily, turning towards the rows of bottles that glimmered murkily. He did not look in Harry’s direction.

“I believe…,” he paused and swallowed thickly. “I am certain that moments of great stress in my real life have an effect on my dreams.” He snorted. “Sounds sensible, doesn’t it.”

Harry did not breath lest he wreck the moment.

“It’s Dumbledore’s Day tomorrow. I haven’t been able to stop thinking about it all week. What he did, what we did. What you did. What he…Volde-, the Dark Lord did to me.”

His eyes squeezed shut, as if to block an unwanted vision. “I could handle the pain. I really could. It hurt, fuck did it hurt, but I could take it. It was physical, and I knew that in the end it would stop. They…”

Here he paused, his voice hitched in his throat. He turned to Harry. “Are you sure you want to hear this?”

Harry nodded slowly, eyes wide open. Snape stared into his eyes. “They would rape me, did you know that?”

Harry’s head moved slightly from side to side. Snape gave a weak sneer. “Not just me of course, the others in the Inner Circle went through it as well. Sometimes giving, sometimes…receiving. It was his way of keeping us united. Bonded. If we did these…things to each, if we were forced to interact in this way, there was less chance of anyone changing their minds. And for most of them, they enjoyed it. Even I occasionally…”

Snape turned his eyes back to the bottles. “Sometimes pain was involved, other times not. It depended on who was doing it. Lucius…” his voice hissed out the name.

“Lucius always gave, never received. It was his reward from the Dark Lord for remaining true to the cause. Unlike me,” he laughed bitterly. “Didn’t matter that I was spying on Dumbledore, didn’t matter that I could give him information from the inside. I had turned traitor once, and he was going to punish me for eternity for it, even if I was his good little bitch.”

Harry could feel tears welling in his eyes, and wondered if ghosts were allowed to cry.

“I tried to keep it from Dumbledore, but he always knew when something …particularly nasty had happened to me. He used to cry a lot, our esteemed Headmaster. He would heal my physical wounds and sit with me. But he could never heal here,” he said, and sharply hit himself in the chest. “Because I deserved it. Because I was stupid…so fucking stupid to have gone with them in the first place. And the things that I did…”

Snape lowered his face into his hands and rubbed his eyes. “The things I did to people, I deserved it. No matter what they did to me, no matter how much it hurt, no matter the filthy level of degradation I was forced to lower myself to, I took it. And I took it gladly. It was my only hope of redemption.”

Harry surreptitiously stuck his fingers under his glasses and wiped away the tears that threatened to fall. He hadn’t known! God, if he’d had just an inkling of this when he was growing up, the things he wouldn’t have done. The things he would change now in an instant if he could.

“I can’t bear anyone to touch me,” Snape whispered, eyes still closed. “And even if someone wanted to, I don’t trust myself to let them. What if I enjoyed it? What if I hurt them? What if they touch me and they pull their hands away, because they can feel my…foul soul on their clean hands?”

Snape sat up in his chair and turned to face Harry. If he noticed Harry’s slightly red eyes, he didn’t comment on them. Snape’s face was pale, but underneath Harry could see the iron control he’d used for years to contain his emotions.

“I was relieving it last night. Dreaming the same maggoty-filth I do when my subconscious decides to play little pranks on me. And then, you were there.”

Not a sound could be heard from behind the thick walls. Even the light trickling weakly through the thin slats near the roof seemed muted.

“I could feel you. I could hear you calling my name. You were telling me it would be alright, and it was. Merlin!” he exclaimed, snorting loudly and looking at the ceiling. “I must be going insane if I use one product of my fevered mind to help cast away another. Would you tell me if I was insane?”

Harry nodded, a watery grin on his face.

“Thank you Potter, I knew I could trust you to tell me the truth.” Severus’ lips twitched into an approximation of a smile. He rested his chin on his hands, one finger moving slowly against his chin. Harry recognised that gesture from days of Potions and hours of Order meetings, it was what Snape did when he was contemplating something.

“Why is it you Harry? I still haven’t worked that out. Why do you appear to me? Or a better question is, why does my mind create you to appear to me?” His eyes narrowed in thought.

“An ordinary man would believe he needed special help by now if he were to constantly have a vision but, as we both know, I am no ordinary man.”

Harry grinned at the truth of his words. Snape smirked.

“We were never friends, even when we worked together and you grew from being a boorish, insolent child into an annoying, stubborn man.”

Both contemplated that statement, they both knew it to be correct.

“Is it a sense of misguided guilt I have over your parents death? We both know I couldn’t have stopped it even if I’d known about it, but I was a Death-Eater, and they were the ones to leave you an orphan. If not for that, you may have grown up in a house that had a semblance of normalcy about it. If you had been my concern, I would have killed the Dursley’s for how they treated you.”

Harry was surprised but tried not to show it. He hadn’t known if Snape knew of his childhood, and still did not feel comfortable remembering it. It had been a long time since Harry had thought of Severus as a Death-Eater, and he’d never blamed him for his parents death.

“Do I want you? Is this…thing, for want of a better word, sexual?” Harry’s eyes widened, although Snape appeared not to notice.

“Fornication and I have never been friends,” Snape said sarcastically, “But if I was forced to choose, it would be men. Have I ever found you attractive? Certainly not when you were a child, there are some things even a depraved individual such as myself cannot contemplate without retching. But lately?”

Severus looked at Harry intently, while Harry tried not to squirm. “It’s been a long time since I’ve seen you Harry Potter,” his voice was low and menacing. “Or at least the real you. Your picture hasn’t even been in the papers for a while. That must be killing your ego,” he said darkly. Harry laughed silently.

“Thank Merlin I’ll never find out,” Snape said quietly. “If there’s one thing I can guarantee myself, even in the depths of my insanity, it is that I will never seek you out. I will never willingly look into your eyes and see that dull glaze of civility shutter the greenness of your gaze, as you try to think of something nice to say to the greasy bastard who taught you long ago. As long as you stay away from Hogwarts, my mind is safe.”

Snape stood up, his jaw resolute. “Better to see you like this every day of my life, then to meet you again and see how much you hate me.”

Without another glance he strode out the door, his robe snapping Harry’s face as he flew by.

Harry was not a vindictive man, nor a manipulative one. He didn’t want to cause Snape unnecessary pain but he couldn’t live like this, nor was he willing to let Snape live in this altered reality. Regardless of the repercussions, he was certain of one thing. They would meet again. Harry would surprise the school by attending the celebrations the next day.

Harry Potter was finally going home.