Lillie and John were a nice looking couple in their 
30s. In fact, they looked like brother and sister. Both 
were about 5'6", slender and they even sounded alike. 

Early in their marriage they discovered that they both 
loved to drink. It released their inhibitions and 
brought out their sexual fantasies. They explored the 
depths of their debauchery and became addicted to 
sharing dark desires.

John couldn't wait to get home from a late shift and 
find Lillie already drunk. She would answer the door in 
a little nightie and pretend that John was a plumber. 
She would tell him that her husband wasn't home but she 
could show him the problem.
  
As he entered and followed her he never got over how 
beautiful she was. Slender, lovely long legs, smallest 
tits with very hard nipples and an ass that made his 
cock swell.

In the kitchen she went to the counter and made him a 
big drink and finished hers. She told him bottoms up 
and made him another. She was slurring a little and he 
could feel his cock getting hard as the booze hit him. 
He was filled with love and lust for his perfect wife.

She took him by the hand and pulled him close and 
whispered in his ear, "Actually Mr. Plumber, it's my 
plumbing that needs some attention and I know something 
that might fix it. My husband won't be home for awhile 
and I'll bet your big cock would fix my horny cunt."

John picked his horny drunk wife up and carried her to 
the bedroom and threw her on the bed. John may have 
been slender but his cock was huge and throbbing when 
he stood nude in front of her. 

He said, "Ok you fucking unfaithful slut, spread your 
legs and show me your hot cunt." Lillie spread her legs 
and John "The Plumber" saw her hairy cunt was wet and 
swollen as he rammed his wild cock deep in her. After 
only several deep strokes they both screamed in their 
orgasms and he pumped stream after stream of cum in her 
fuck hole.

As planned, after their fantasy fuck John got out of 
bed and left the bedroom. He knocked on the bedroom 
door and yelled that he was home and entered.

Lillie held her arms out to her husband and he came to 
bed and they held each other and John loved her boozy 
breath. She felt his hardening cock against her sticky 
cunt hair and whispered in his ear, "Oh John, I hope 
you aren't mad but your wife has been naughty. The 
nicest plumber was just here and I was drunk and I 
couldn't help it, I let him fuck me and now my cunt is 
full of his cum."

John said, "Oh my dear, of course I'm not mad, I love 
it when you fuck other men. Let me kiss your fucked 
cunt and drink his cum. I just wish I could have been 
here to watch."

They both realized that this was the first of their 
fantasies where they talked about other men fucking her 
and it made them even hotter. John spread her legs and 
started licking his cum from her cunt and she asked if 
he liked licking other men's cock juice from her sticky 
cunt. His cock was frantic and he told her that he 
hoped she fucked a lot of strange cock and she came 
hard, holding his head tight against her orgasming 
cunt.

After she came he entered her cunt with his newly hard 
cock and started slowly fucking her. He told her how 
much he enjoyed her fantasy and said how much he would 
love her if she really wanted to try it. She said she 
would if it was really ok. They finished with a wild 
fuck.

*******

Lillie called an old boyfriend during the week and 
asked him out for a drink, for old time's sake. She 
bought a new little red dress, mesh stockings and make 
up. She told John that the old boyfriend had a 
fantastic cock and she couldn't wait to fuck him, for 
their fantasy of course.

When the taxi pulled up for Lillie she was ready. So 
was John, his cock was so hard. She had been drinking 
all day and looked fantastic in her new outfit and 
makeup. She gave him a boozy kiss, told him she loved 
him and left.

John laid awake and was so excited that he gave up on 
sleep. Well, he did doze off just as he heard a noise 
at the front door. His bare cock was throbbing as she 
staggered into the bedroom. She was so hot looking. 
Leaning against the bed, legs spread, dress and make up 
a mess and her hair over her face.

She pulled off the ruined dress and was standing there 
in her panties and stockings. She said she had a 
fucking that wouldn't quit and a cunt full of cum for 
him to taste.

She straddled his face and pulled her cum filled 
panties aside and told him to eat her freshly fucked 
cunt. She was near another orgasm as she watched her 
husband eat her cunt and drink another man's cum while 
she told him all about her cunt being filled by another 
cock and fucked over and over and filled by so much cum 
that she left her panties on to catch it all for John.

After she came again on John's tongue he rolled her 
over and took her panties off. She watched him stand 
up, cock huge, and put her panties on. He stroked his 
cock inside the wet panties and asked how he looked. 
Lillie said, with a little make up and the right dress 
he might pass for a woman. He could be there with them 
and watch her get fucked next time. John thought that 
was so hot that he added his own cum to the soaked 
panties.

Lillie called the old boyfriend again and said her 
husband was out of town and she needed fucked again. 
Plans were made. During the week Lillie shaved his 
legs, fixed his hair and practiced with make up. When 
she finished he looked passable. The only problem was 
keeping his cock from giving him away.

On the day of the date Lillie had to laugh when she saw 
John standing there, hair made up, make up just right, 
mesh stockings, high heals and a huge cock sticking 
straight out wet with pre cum. Of course adding panties 
and the dress would or should do it.

She had invited the old boyfriend to their house since 
her husband was "out of town." They were so excited 
with the new fantasy that they were both drunk when he 
arrived.

Jim looked surprised when he got there. Lillie 
introduced him to her friend "Jane." "Jane" gave him an 
open mouthed kiss and said not to worry about her being 
there, that Lillie had talked endlessly about the 
fucking he gave her. 

They sat on the couch with Jim between them. More 
drinks and necking and "Jane" came out of her alcoholic 
haze to see Lillie sucking Jim's big cock. He was nude 
and really buff. Jim reached over and rubbed "Jane's" 
mesh covered leg to the bare thigh but "Jane" said she 
was on the rag so her cunt was out of business.

Lillie giggled and said that she bet that "Jane" would 
love to suck such a beautiful cock. No problem as 
"Jane" bent over and sucked her first cock. Why not, 
she had eaten his cum. The pre cum was tasty as "Jane" 
squeezed it out of Jim's big prick.

Jim really got hard as he watched "Jane" eat Lillie's 
wet cunt as "Jane" kept her hand on Jim's cock. More 
drinks and Lillie was slurring as she said it was time 
for some big cock in her cunt. Right on the couch she 
straddled his cock and "Jane" watched as Lillie rode up 
and down fucking frantically. 

Lillie bent forward so "Jane" could eat her cunt while 
Jim's big cock fucked it. Lillie screamed that she was 
cumming and Jim started pumping cum deep in her cunt 
while "Jane" licked cum as it ran out and finally 
pulled Jim's squirting cock out and finished sucking 
him off.

After Jim left both Lillie and John collapsed into bed. 
John pulled his panties off and rammed his huge hard on 
deep into his slut wife's cunt and they fucked hard 
until they were exhausted. Lillie said what a turn on 
to watch him suck Jim off and John said he'd do it 
anytime.

Two horny perverts laying there, clad in only mesh 
stockings, their make up a mess and ready to suck and 
fuck again and again.
