The New Girl
byQueenofErotica©

Running late he ran into the office barely noticing the new secretary seated outside his room. He briefly caught her dark hair pulled back from her face as she stared intently at the file in front of her. 

As he hung up his coat he caught a waft of her musky perfume and returned to his desk. 

From his desk he could study her more closely she looked nothing like his previous secretary her hair was up but tiny tendrils had escaped and were framing her face. She wore pretty glasses that made her look so hot. 

What was happening to him he hadn't even spoken to her and yet he couldn't take his eyes off her. His gaze wandered lower to her crisp white blouse noticing a small glimpse of lace from her bra and the slow rise and fall of her chest. He wanted to see more of her but feared if he called her in the spell would be broken. 

Suddenly she looked up catching him staring at her, she held his gaze and smiled.... she got up and approached his office he could see she was tall short black skirt. He could only imagine if she was wearing tights or stockings.

She said good morning and asked if he would like a coffee then noticed his scarf had fallen to the floor. As she bent to pick it up his question was answered black lace hold up stockings covered her long legs. As she left his office he was well aware she knew exactly what she was doing and his hand rested on his swollen cock. 

She returned a few minutes later with his coffee her eyes drawn to the bulge in his trousers. She looked him in the eye and whispered is there anything I can help you out with Sir. 

He decided in that split second to take a chance, he looked straight at her and told her to close the door and come back to stand in front of his desk. 

Without breaking eye contact he told her to lift her skirt at the front and run her fingers over her panties between her legs. Out of the corner of his eye he saw her hand move but held her gaze. He saw the sudden intake of breath and her bite her lower lip. Are you wet he asked. oh yes she whispers 

He continues to rub his cock and asks her if she wants to see, she nods eyes full of lust as her fingers continue to stroke her now wet panties, he takes out his cock and her eyes widen as she sees how hard and swollen he is, a short in take of breath makes him bold and he points to the floor. 

She walks slowly around his desk and drops to her knees without breaking eye contact she slowly uses her tongue to lick from the base of his cock to the sensitive head, swirling her tongue around the head making him throb. 

He can't contain himself and wraps his hand in her hair pulling her forwards on to his cock burying his long shaft deep in her mouth. She looks up at him as he slowly fucks her mouth. She looks so hot kneeling in front of him mouth full of hot throbbing cock.

He tells her to open her blouse and lift her breasts from her bra and as he continues to fuck her mouth asks her to roll her nipples between her fingers making them hard. He wants to cum so badly but doesn't want it to end so slows a little as he watches her toy with her nipples a small groan escaping from around his cock

His legs begin to tremble so bringing her with him he sits back in his chair. Bringing her up he leans her back on his desk legs spread wide apart looking at her lust in her eyes biting her lip waiting. He wants to watch her so leans back in his chair stroking his aching cock and tells her to play with herself.

Breasts resting over her bra she slowly raises a finger to her mouth and wets the tip running it around her nipple he watches as it hardens more under her touch

Her skirt has ridden up showing the tops of her stockings and her now wet panties. He gazes at her waiting to see her pussy as she moves her panties to one side.

Dipping a finger inside her she lets out a moan of pleasure then brings her finger out and up to her mouth tasting her juices as she looks directly in to his eyes Her hand snakes back down between her legs one then two fingers working her now, thumb rubbing her clit, she throws her head back pushing her breasts forward. 

He watches her wild now as he rubs his cock harder and faster trying to stay in rhythm with her fingers buried deep in her pussy. He knows he is going to cum soon but wants to keep watching. As she starts to shudder and her orgasm hits he explodes and cums all over her stocking clad legs.
