Ryo took the opportunity to take a bath using the inn's facilities while Gojyo organized the sleeping arrangements. He pinned his hair up with chopsticks, unwilling to go through the crap of sleeping with his hair wet. He washed slowly, suddenly reluctant to join Gojyo. It wasn't that he didn't want to be himself again, more that he was scared that he was going to lose his experiences as Ryo. Maybe it would be like dying. When he woke up tomorrow, would he remember the last year and a half? Would he be the same person or a mixture of the two? Gojyo didn't seem bothered but then Gojyo only had his experiences of fighting Gyumaoh, trying to stay alive, fighting for something he believed in. Ryo had had the chance to live, and live in peace, albeit a peace tinged with regret and sadness, at least to start with.

Still, if he wanted to be with Hakkai, he had to sacrifice something. Perhaps when he woke up, he wouldn't remember and it would be like a fairy story, told by others – a story that he wouldn't quite believe. So, if he didn't remember it, it wouldn't matter, right? Shit, this was really fucking with his head.

Hakkai was also fucking with his head. He hadn't ever thought he'd have the opportunity to see Hakkai again, let alone sleep next to him. Ryo felt like his stomach just might eat itself with nerves. It was a good job he hadn't eaten before he left the bar or he might be upchucking everywhere.

He climbed out of the water and dried himself off, letting his thoughts wander randomly, not fixing on one thing in particular. What would be would be and he decided he wasn't going to live in regret any longer. He pulled on a pair of black sleep pants that Gojyo had lent him and tied the drawstring. He brushed his hair out and set off to locate the room Gojyo was sleeping in.

"Gojyo?" he pushed the door open and looked inside.

"Over here." Gojyo was leaning against the open window frame, smoking. Ryo realized he'd never had the urge to smoke, perhaps when they'd been split Gojyo had taken his smoking habit with him. Just another difference between the two of them, he guessed.

Gojyo had been busy. He'd borrowed another futon from the inn and both were arranged side by side. Ryo raised an eyebrow.

"Hey, Sanzo said we had to sleep close to each other," Gojyo said with a grin, tossing his smoke out the window. "I'm just following orders." He pulled off his shirt and undid the top button on his jeans.

Ryo sat cross-legged on the futon and waited until Gojyo joined him. "No sign of Hakkai?" Ryo was slightly disappointed, he had to admit. Still, if Hakkai didn't show tonight, there was always tomorrow.

Gojyo laughed softly. "You know Hakkai. He's probably pacing the kitchen, trying to decide how to cope with the fact there's two of us. He could be a while if he's decided to start cleaning something."

The laugh escaped Ryo unexpectedly. He hadn't felt this easy in his skin for a long time. He lay back on the futon and watched Gojyo, who was content to be quiet for the time being. "It's weird," Ryo said finally. "It's like constantly having a mirror held up so you can see yourself. I keep watching, wanting to see how you move, knowing I must move the same way."

"Same here." Gojyo grinned and got up to turn down the lamp, leaving it just light enough should Hakkai happen to come by. He returned to the futon and sat next to Ryo, looking down at him. "Heh, we have good hair," Gojyo remarked. "I've never really seen the back of my head before, but I gotta admit, I like it. I think we should grow our hair like yours."

"Maybe we'll still have hair like mine come tomorrow," Ryo suggested with a shrug.

"Maybe we will." Gojyo lay down next to Ryo and propped himself on one elbow. "D'ya think Hakkai had second thoughts?"

"I think Hakkai is having third, probably fourth thoughts and trying to talk himself out of it."

"I think you're right. I like having you around, we agree with each other all the time." Gojyo's voice had dropped down slightly and Ryo turned to watch him, waited as Gojyo reached out a hand and gently stroked his skin, following the line of Ryo's scar with his fingertips, smoothing from his waist, over his hipbone, to where his sleep pants met the scar.

Ryo grunted in surprise at the soft touch, felt his belly contract. "That's ticklish," he muttered.

"I know, this is my body," Gojyo replied in a suggestive tone, finally looking away from Ryo's scar to his face.

"You know," Ryo said, noticing his voice had dropped to match Gojyo's, "If I was anyone else I would think you were trying to seduce me." He raised an eyebrow and grinned.

"Yeah?" Gojyo ran his palm back up Ryo's belly and began the process of tracing his scar over again. "You can't tell me you've never wondered what it would be like to sleep with your double. If you ever met him, that is. Ya know, get the ultimate opportunity to really find out how good you are in bed."

"It's never crossed my mind."

"Bullshit. I've been thinking about it since I dropped your ass onto the road." Gojyo was leaning in now, over Ryo, his warm palm resting lightly at the waist band of Ryo's pants, his thumb stroking the soft skin of Ryo's belly just beneath the fabric.

Ryo could feel himself stir and his body awaken. He was half hard, had been ever since Gojyo had first touched him. Maybe Sanzo had always been right; he really was a pervert. Gojyo smoothed his palm up over Ryo's abdomen, over his ribs, sliding over his nipple. Ryo moved until he was resting on his elbows. He glanced at Gojyo's face, watched Gojyo lick his lips and realized that he wore the same half-smile on his face, slightly self-mocking. Gojyo's hand stroked up to his collarbone, along his neck and then leaned down as he cupped the back of Ryo's neck.

Ryo's mouth was already parted when their lips touched. It was a shock at first, the first sensual contact Ryo had had since his injury. His body was tingling where Gojyo's hand had traced across his skin and as Gojyo deepened the kiss and swept his tongue inside Ryo's mouth, Ryo felt himself fully harden. He moaned and let his eyes flicker shut. Encouraged, Gojyo kissed him deeply, pulling back slightly, nipping at Ryo's lower lip before he resumed the kiss, taking his time to explore fully.

Okay, I'm a better kisser than I thought I was. Holy shit. Gojyo began to make little agreeable noises as they kissed and Ryo pulled him down until they were chest to chest, naked skin pressed against each other. He ran his fingertips down Gojyo's spine, knowing it would make him arch his back just so, because it was what he liked. He did it again, harder this time, using his nails, grinning when Gojyo muttered a half-hearted protest and ground against Ryo's thigh. Ryo was pleased to note Gojyo was just as hard as he was.

Gojyo swept his hand down and smoothed his palm across Ryo's cock. They both moaned, panting for breath. "Christ, did you feel that?" Gojyo muttered.

"Don't ask stupid questions," Ryo panted, bucking his hips upward.

Gojyo repeated the motion then pulled away slightly, eyes wide. "I can feel that on my cock, when I do it to you."

"What?" Ryo wasn't up for an intelligent conversation of any kind.

Gojyo leaned back slightly and palmed his cock through his jeans, running his hand up his erection and back down again. Ryo could feel an answering tingle in his cock, like he could actually feel hands on him, repeating the movement. "Shit." Ryo's hips bucked as Gojyo continued to stroke himself. "What is that?"

"Our chi combining maybe? The more time we spend together, the closer we become?"

Ryo reached out and trailed his fingertips down Gojyo's arm, feeling the ghostly touch on his own skin. "This is going to be fucking awesome." He pulled Gojyo down again in a rough kiss, desperate for touch after so long without.

Gojyo pulled him closer, until they were laying side by side, facing each other. Ryo's hands fumbled with the buttons on Gojyo's jeans, peeling back the fabric until his cock was exposed. He dragged his knuckles along Gojyo's erection, half expecting the shuddering indrawn breath Gojyo made. Gojyo's hands rested on his lower back, pressing Ryo against him. Gojyo thrust his tongue deeper into Ryo's mouth, like he was trying to steal his breath. His hands slowly slid down the curve of Ryo's back, over his buttocks, trying to push the fabric down. Impatiently, Ryo pulled at the drawstring of his pants, releasing the knot.

"Nn, better," Gojyo commented in a whisper and Ryo could feel the smile on the curve of Gojyo's lips.

Impatiently Ryo tugged Gojyo closer, at the same time pushing Gojyo's jeans down until his ass was exposed. He slid his leg over Gojyo's, allowing Gojyo to get even closer until their hips were aligned. Gojyo rolled his body forward and Ryo's head fell back as their erections touched.

Gojyo's fingers grasped Ryo's hips as they began to rock together, instinctively setting a teasing, slow pace. Gojyo began to nibble along Ryo's neck, swiping his tongue along Ryo's jaw, kissing and nibbling his way up until he found the sensitive spot just behind his ear. Ryo arched his back, small sparks of desire chasing down his spine, settling in the base of his cock and his belly. His fingers dug into Gojyo's flesh and he could feel it on his skin in return, eight sharp points of almost-pain that made his cock twitch with an overload of sensation.

Gojyo was panting, hot, harsh breaths against Ryo's neck, his body tense as they rocked together. Ryo could feel Gojyo's body as it trembled, a precursor to orgasm and he ground up against Gojyo, their skin heated and slick with sweat. He could feel Gojyo's muscles flex beneath his touch and the slow build of desire in his belly changed to a hard ache. Gojyo pulled him closer, wrapping his arms around Ryo's waist, sliding his leg further between Ryo's thighs, exposing him.

Every stroke of Gojyo's cock against his pushed Ryo's lust higher until they were both teetering on the edge of orgasm. Gojyo grazed his teeth down Ryo's throat and rolled his hips at the same time, overloading Ryo on sensation. His orgasm peeked and rushed through him, the echo from Gojyo's responding orgasm pushing the overload higher. They both cried out at the same time, hands tightening on hips, grinding against each other as they came, hot and sticky against each other's belly.

"Hoshit," remarked Gojyo breathlessly against Ryo's throat, sending little tingles down his spine. Gojyo was still moving slowly, his hips making jerky, erratic movements against Ryo's, heightening sensitivity until Ryo almost couldn't stand it. Finally Gojyo pulled back and Ryo wound his hands in Gojyo's hair, pulling him back for a slow, lingering, exploratory kiss. After a moment he released Gojyo and sagged back onto the futon, feeling dazed and sated for the moment.

"I trust I'm not disturbing anything?"

Gojyo pulled away from Ryo like he was on fire and started to pull his jeans back up. "Shit, Hakkai!" he said, looking guilty. Gojyo's look clearly said did we fuck this up?

Ryo dragged his sleep pants back up and observed Hakkai, who looked far from pissed off. One of the differences between him and Gojyo then; he was far less ready to believe he'd automatically fucked up. "Hakkai, we didn't hear you come in."

Hakkai closed the door and walked toward the futon, kneeling on the edge. "Judging from what I just saw, I doubt if you would have heard if there was a mass youkai attack on the inn."

Ryo noticed with delight that Hakkai was flushed, his desire making him beautiful in the lamplight. He didn't think he'd ever seen Hakkai this out of his depth before, but then, there'd never been two Gojyo's to get him flustered. "We were just waiting for you, Hakkai. Trying out an experiment, actually," Ryo offered with a grin.

"Oh?" Hakkai cocked his head to one side, playing the game.

"Yeah," Gojyo replied, sitting up and searching about for a cloth. He finally settled on a t-shirt and began to clean himself off. "We've discovered that if we touch one of us, the other can feel it too. Cool, isn't it?"

"I noticed." Hakkai smiled. It was that sort of Hakkai smile that told of fun things about to happen. Ryo's cock twitched and began to harden again and he noticed Gojyo sort of froze, as if he'd felt his reaction too. Ryo had the welcome thought that perhaps Hakkai hadn't been pacing the kitchen in indecision, but rather waiting until they'd got the party started. Things were looking up. He'd worry over the fact that Hakkai seemed to know them too well until later.

"So, if I was to kiss Ryo, then you'd feel it also, Gojyo?" Hakkai asked.

"Er, yeah, I guess so," Gojyo replied cautiously.

Hakkai slowly crawled along the futon toward Ryo and pushed him back down onto the mattress. "Really? How interesting," Hakkai murmured.

Ryo had just enough time to wonder if they'd seriously miscalculated Hakkai's motivations, when Hakkai kissed him. The breath left his lungs in a rush when their lips met and his whole body responded. He couldn't get enough, thrusting his tongue into Hakkai's mouth, his hands wandering over Hakkai's shirt until he found the hem, dragging the shirt up so he could touch soft skin at last. He heard Gojyo moan beside him, knew that Gojyo felt what he did and Ryo let the echoing lust feed back through his system.

Hakkai pulled back slightly, panting. He kissed his way down Ryo's chest, pausing to swipe his tongue over a nipple, gently nipping at the sensitive skin, then blowing over it, causing Ryo to squirm. He repeated the action on Ryo's other nipple and then trailed kisses down over his stomach, licking at his navel and swirling his tongue inside. Ryo felt a tingle in his cock, and assumed that Gojyo was stroking himself slowly, enjoying the show. Hakkai edged down further, hot tongue sliding over his skin until he could lick at Ryo's come.

Holy fuck, now he was hard. Screw having to wait for downtime.

"You taste the same as Gojyo," Hakkai mused, licking his lips like a cat and smiling in that devastating way he had. Ryo had forgotten that look, time having blurred all but the memory of the act. He'd forgotten how vulnerable Hakkai looked without his monocle or glasses, how open. Forgotten the exact shade of green of his eyes, the way the fine hairs curled at the nape of his neck and how he needed Hakkai's touch like a man dying of thirst needs water.

Movement distracted Ryo from his thoughts as Gojyo wrapped his arm around Hakkai and pulled him down between them. "Fuck, that was hot," Gojyo said, his voice rough with passion. "It's like watching us go at it, Hakkai. We need to get a mirror."

"I don't think you quite appreciate yours and Ryo's appeal when you are together, Gojyo," Hakkai replied.

"Oh yeah?" Gojyo grinned down at Hakkai. "You liked watching us, did ya?"

"Perhaps just a little bit," Hakkai admitted. "It gives me ideas."

"I love it when you have ideas." Gojyo leaned down and stole a lazy kiss from Hakkai, his hand sliding under Hakkai's shirt and teasing the skin of his stomach and abs.

Ryo could quite see why Gojyo found the sight of the both of them arousing. They were both comfortable with each other and Ryo wondered if Gojyo had seen that when he'd watched them kiss. Maybe the body didn't forget, it was like a knowing, a memory of pleasure. He reached out and laid his hand alongside Gojyo's, pressing against Hakkai's stomach, remembering what his skin felt like.

Gojyo began to pull Hakkai's shirt off and Hakkai sat up slightly to help, raising his arms. Ryo leaned down and kissed Hakkai, his hand cupping Hakkai's head gently. Hakkai moaned softly, lifting his hips as Gojyo undid his pants and pulled them off.

"That's better," Gojyo said with satisfaction. "So, Hakkai, what do you want?"

***********************

Ryo smoothed his hands up in the insides of Hakkai's thighs, watching as his muscles flexed in response to his touch. Hakkai was like a glorious feast for the senses, laid out just for him. Hakkai lay on his stomach, watching Ryo with panting breaths over his shoulder, hands fisted in the mattress. As Ryo stroked his palms over Hakkai's ass, his muscles tensed involuntarily, only relaxing when Ryo began to kiss his way up Hakkai's spine. Ryo could taste the slight tang of sweat on Hakkai's warm skin, hear his pants for air, small moans of encouragement and feel the trembling in his body. It was intoxicating, heady and everything he had dreamt about over the last year and a half.

Gojyo was content to lay back and watch, head resting on one arm. Occasionally he would reach out and stroke Hakkai's skin, letting his fingers wander in lazy circles, teasing with a light touch. Ryo knew that Gojyo was letting him have this time to reacquaint himself with Hakkai, knowing he could be generous because he'd never had to be without his lover.

Ryo mouthed over the back of Hakkai's neck, gracefully exposed to him. Hakkai's face was half hidden by his shoulder, only his eyes visible, wide, expressive eyes that alternately begged, or commanded, depending on the moment and on what Ryo was doing. Those green eyes were starting to glaze over with passion now, becoming heavy lidded, pupils wide. Just the way Ryo wanted them to be.

He leaned down, brushing his cock against the crack of Hakkai's ass, rolling his hips as Hakkai rocked upward in response. Hakkai's knuckles turned white as he gripped the mattress, a soft moan filling the heady quiet of the room. As Ryo slid forward once more, Hakkai spread his legs further, silently offering himself up.

"More," Hakkai whispered.

Ryo pressed lube coated fingers to Hakkai's entrance, teased Hakkai with the possibility, if not the action itself. Waiting until Hakkai became breathlessly impatient and rocked up. Ryo's finger slid inside easily and he pulled back and added a second finger, twisting slightly. Hakkai arched under his body, wordlessly demanding more.

Ryo slid his fingers from Hakkai's body, unwilling to wait any longer. He pulled Hakkai onto his knees, watched as he dropped down to his elbows, exposing himself fully to Ryo. It was an invitation, blatant and sensual, hugely arousing. Ryo wondered if he had the stamina to keep himself in check. Gojyo grinned at him, seeming to understand his concern.

He positioned himself between Hakkai's knees, one hand on Hakkai's hip, the other smoothing cool lube over his own erection. He held himself steady, teasing Hakkai's entrance with the tip of his cock, rubbing but not quite pushing forward. Hakkai seemed unwilling to wait; he slowly pushed back against Ryo, impaling himself on Ryo's cock. Ryo gasped at the sensation of hot, tight heat enveloping him, making him grip Hakkai's hip to steady him. Finally he could take it no longer and pushed forward until his balls were tight against Hakkai's ass. He realized he was trembling, lust and emotion churning around inside him, making him almost light headed.

Ryo pulled back and thrust forward, both of them gasping at the pull on his cock as Hakkai clenched tight around him. He could no more stop his movements than he could stop breathing. He fought to keep a steady pace, to enjoy this and not rush, but he was losing the battle.

As if he was dreaming, he watched Gojyo move, lean over and pull Hakkai into a deep kiss. He watched Gojyo whisper something to Hakkai and then kneel up. He moved in front of Hakkai, and watched as Hakkai pushed himself to his hands. Gojyo stroked his own cock, his eyes sliding closed for the moment. Ryo watched as Hakkai opened his mouth, flicked out his pink tongue, licking some of the precome from Gojyo's erection. Gojyo moaned and ran his fingers through Hakkai's hair, guided him forward until Hakkai took him fully into his mouth, tilting his head enough to take him most of the way in.

Ryo's hips surged forward, unable to control the motion. Hakkai gave a small gasp of pleasure around Gojyo's cock, his eyes closing. Gojyo began to rock his hips gently, letting Hakkai decide how much he could take.

"Fuck," Ryo muttered and tightened his grip on Hakkai's hips. He began to thrust in earnest, hard deep strokes that pushed Hakkai forward onto Gojyo's cock. Ryo watched Hakkai swallow around Gojyo, pull back slightly, then take him down further. Ryo met Gojyo's eyes; it sent a flush of heat through his body as he watched Gojyo's hand tighten in Hakkai's hair. He could feel the echo of Hakkai's lips and tongue on his cock even as he fucked him, he knew Gojyo could feel what it was like to fuck Hakkai at the same time.

Ryo leant forward, wanted to get as close to Hakkai as he could, to feel the tremble of Hakkai's body beneath him. He slid his hand down Hakkai's hip and over his belly, the back of his hand brushing Hakkai's erection and making his body tighten around Ryo's cock.

Ryo's hair slid forward over his shoulder, the ends tickling against his skin and Hakkai's, sending tiny shivers of delight up his spine. Hakkai arched up under him, urging him on with his body. He moaned around Gojyo's cock, making Gojyo suck in a shuddering breath.

Ryo wrapped his hand around Hakkai's erection, feeling it hot and heavy in his hands. He continued to thrust into Hakkai, his movements becoming desperate and uncoordinated. He began to jerk Hakkai off, sliding his hand from the base of Hakkai's erection all the way up to the top, smoothing his thumb over the sensitive head and then back down again. Hard and tight, imprisoning Hakkai's cock in his fist, not letting up, feeling Hakkai's body tremble beneath his, muscles tightening.

Hakkai came suddenly, his orgasm ripped from him with a muffled groan around Gojyo's cock. Ryo felt Hakkai's cock pulsing in his fist and he couldn't stop himself from reacting; he gripped Hakkai's waist and thrust hard, as deep as he could, sweat covered skin sliding against Hakkai's. He came with a shout, knowing he would leave a pattern of bruises on Hakkai's skin come morning, but unable to stop himself. His hips continued to move, slowly pushing into Hakkai's ass, feeling the ripple of Hakkai's orgasm around his sensitive cock. When he looked up, Gojyo had pulled back and was fisting his cock hard, his breath stuttering in his throat. Hakkai looked up at Gojyo and opened his mouth, kneeling there passively as Gojyo came, his come striping across Hakkai's tongue, his lips and chin. Ryo watched as Hakkai moaned, swallowed slowly and then licked his lips clean. Ryo's cock twitched with interest.

Exhausted, overloaded with emotion and desire, Ryo pulled out of Hakkai gently, falling to the side, pulling Hakkai down with him. He heard Gojyo slump down, felt him exhale shakily.

"Wow," Gojyo commented to the room in general.

"Hmmm," Hakkai offered, turning over to press himself against Ryo, stroking his hands through Ryo's hair. He pressed his body against Ryo's, sliding his tongue into Ryo's unprotesting mouth, letting him taste Gojyo. Ryo moaned, his body sated at last. He felt Gojyo pressed against his back, nibbling on his neck, one hand carelessly thrown across his hip. He felt comfortable, complete for the first time in ages. He could feel his eyes closing already, knew he didn't have the energy to get up to clean himself off, but surprisingly, he wasn't worried. There was something beautiful about lying next to his lovers, sweaty and drained, knowing they were both satisfied.

His mind protested the contentment for a quick moment, he knew if he closed his eyes and slept, he'd never see them both like this again. When morning came, he'd be gone, a memory, a figment of imagination. A ghost.

Hakkai kissed him again, as if could tell what Ryo was thinking. "You'll always be here with us, Ryo," he whispered. "We won't forget."

"Love you, Hakkai," Ryo breathed against Hakkai's lips. His eyes were heavy. As his consciousness faded, he kept the image of Hakkai with him, and the feel of Gojyo's solid, lean body resting against his.

***********************

Gojyo rolled onto his back and blinked, trying to filter the bright morning sunlight through his eyelashes. He felt Hakkai shift next to him and mutter some nonsense in his sleep. He looked over and smiled at the sight of a thoroughly debauched looking Hakkai, his hair mussed, lips still bruised from kissing. He had a set of tiny bruises on his hips, the occasional love bite scattered across his skin in various places. He looked like he'd been totally fucked senseless.

He couldn't resist reaching out and stroking his fingers down Hakkai's side, watching as Hakkai protested by arching his body and then slowly opening his eyes, blinking confusedly at Gojyo.

"You okay?" Gojyo asked in a whisper.

"Hmm, yes." Hakkai stretched like a cat, all long and lean strength. He rolled over, content to cuddle as he woke up.

Gojyo felt him suddenly tense, his arm tightening around Gojyo's waist. "Ryo?"

Gojyo laughed softly. "You gonna miss him or what?"

"Yes, I think I am," Hakkai answered quietly.

"You don't have to worry, he's still here." Gojyo let a smile creep into his voice, like voicing a carefully kept secret, to be told when the time was right.

Hakkai raised his head and looked at Gojyo. "It didn't work? Sanzo was sure it was going to. Did Ryo get up?"

Gojyo shifted so he was facing Hakkai. "As much as I'd like to prove the asshole wrong, no. Ryo's still here, inside me," he tapped the side of his head.

"I'm sorry?"

Gojyo grinned. "I remember everything he was, everything he did. How much he missed you. I remember his experiences, the life he led, his hopes and dreams, his desires. He's still here. It's kinda weird, it's like I lived two different lives over the past year and a half, one here in the village, and other fighting Gyumaoh and Ukoku."

Hakkai leaned forward and kissed him deeply, hands gently touching his face, as if for the first time. Gojyo felt Hakkai's tears hot on his face, sliding down his jaw and he pulled him close, pressing against him, letting Hakkai know that they were both still here. Hakkai's hands tangled in his hair, long fingers brushing the nape of his neck, caressing the ticklish spot just below his hairline.

Gojyo protested when Hakkai pulled away, automatically following Hakkai, determined to get more. "Aw, don't go, Hakkai. Stay. We can have some fun before breakfast."

Hakkai laughed and sat up, looking down on Gojyo with a smile. "Ah, yes, I can tell Ryo is still with us." He trailed his fingers over Gojyo's chest, making him squirm.

"Huh?"

"You still have his hair, Gojyo."

"What?" Confused, Gojyo sat up, immediately able to feel the heavy length of his hair as it tickled his naked back. Maybe not quite as long as Ryo's but still a lot longer than it had been last night. He immediately looked down, checking the scar. It was slightly wider than before, obviously a blending of the two. It was still a neat job and he thought it gave him character. He kinda liked it. He shook his head, feeling his hair slide across his skin. He fixed Hakkai with his most sensual pout, trying not to laugh. "Still like me, Hakkai?"

"Oh yes, very much." Hakkai pushed him down and straddled his hips. "You mentioned something about a distraction before breakfast?"

Gojyo smirked. Oh hell yes. He liked this – a lot. He was sure Ryo would be just as enthusiastic.

***********************

"So, where exactly did you say we are going?" Hakkai was bundled up against the chill spring air, his cheeks flushed from the cold, eyes sparkling with amusement.

Gojyo couldn't help but grin back. Hakkai's happiness was infectious and he reached out a hand and squeezed Hakkai's fingers, refusing to let go. "We have to pay a visit to see Grandfather before we leave," he explained.

"Grandfather?"

"Yeah, he took Ryo in and looked after him when he was injured. Gave him a place to stay and sorta adopted him. I couldn't leave without saying goodbye. Besides, we also gotta say goodbye to Jun and Miyako. They're twins, grandchildren of Grandfather. That sounds weird." He laughed, pleased to hear Hakkai's musical laugh as they walked up the track to the top of the hill.

"You sound a little bit like Ryo still, Gojyo. I must admit I quite like it."

"What? Prefer him to me, eh?" Gojyo winked.

"That's not fair, Gojyo," Hakkai replied with a mischievous smile. "You know you are both the same person."

"I know." Gojyo stole a quick kiss and pulled Hakkai into his side.

"Although you do seem to have retained an air of… I'm not sure. Satisfaction? No, contentment. You seem a little more content than before."

"Maybe you're right, Hakkai." Gojyo smiled. "But that's 'cause I know you'll always be here with me, ya know?"

"Always, Gojyo. I'll always be here, by your side."

Fin.

Ephemeros – comes from the Greek word meaning 'short-lived'.