Alice's Adventures in Polderland - part 7

(Alice is busy enjoying her new older lover. She's got a special party later)

Lying completely naked on her new bed, Alice is loving every minute of her new older lover's rhythmic thrusting into her sensitive pussy. He's sensitive to her every need and is filling her pussy superbly with his cock.

He's told Alice to wait - he wants this to last, but she's already trembling on the edge of a massive orgasm.

"I must cum!" she pleads with him.

"No, darling!" he urges. "Wait as long as you can...please!"

Alice grits her teeth and tries to dispell the urgent feelings building up inside her. She's never had to wait before. Most of her other men have been too fast even for her. They usually cum quickly and leave her dry and frustrated. But this Kevin - he is something different. She's already cum so many times from his tongue and fingers that she's had to beg him to stop.

Now his cock is going in an out of her pussy like a well-oiled machine. Kevin is panting deliciously. She loves her men working hard for her! She grins up at him and he smiles back. hey lock lips again and she gushes - she doesn't cum but her pussy oozes cream.

"That's better," cries Kevin, beginning to thrust even harder into her, but no faster.

"How can you control yourself?" squeals Alice, as another rush of absurdly intense feelings rush through her.

"I want you to enjoy this more than anything ever before," he urges her.

Alice is already sure this next orgasm is going to be huge, but she still hangs on.

Kevin thrusts purposely, watching her every move and facial reaction. Alice knows he was just waiting - waiting for that moment when her orgasm became totally irresistible. And she can feel that it wouldn't be long now.

"Cum with me, Kevin," she cries as the dam began to burst.

He just smiles, thrusting just that little bit harder. Alice feels it beginning and she screams - so loudly that even Kevin looks shocked. But Alice is beside herself with pleasure. She's never felt anything like this before. Her whole body feels alive, yet mushy; she can't concentrate on anything except for the superb feelings centred in her pussy and with the wonderful injection of hot cum that now begins to spurt explosively inside her as Kevin reached his peak too.

She giggles and then laughs wildly as she begins to calm down, never experiencing pleasure like that before. Kevin's cum feels so hot inside her, and his cock softens everso slightly.

"Don't take it out!" Alice pleads. "I want to feel it go soft inside me!"

Kevin grins and holds himself inside her, gently moving a little.

Eventually, after Alice closes her eyes for a while in supreme ecstasy, his cock slips out of her and the two just lie together, exhausted from their passion.

Alice recovers herself and looks at her new lover.

"Did we really just do that?" she asks him gently.

"Yes. Lovely, wasn't it?" he replies, snuggling close to her and kissing her neck.

"Oooooooooo!" murmurs Alice. "Please stop. Or we'll be at it again!"

"I'm not sure that I could," says Kevin, honestly, although Alice feels his cock stirring against her.

"I need to shower," she says suddenly. "I'm expected at a party at 11."

As Alice goes to stand up from the bed, her legs give way and she sinks to the floor.

"What have you done to me?" she giggles.

She struggles again to stand and finally makes it, staggering off to the shower. Kevin gets up and follows, quickly rinsing himself beside her before kissing her and going out.

When Alice has dried herself, she goes into the bedroom with just a towel around her waist, but Kevin has gone. She sees a scribbled note beside the bed.

'Thanks for a wonderful time. please call me if you want to do anything with me again.' He left his phone number. 

Alice is very tempted to call him immediately and ask him to get back, but she hesitates, thinking of her friends. "Perhaps I should have told him what sort of party it was going to be' she wonders.

She dresses in the prettiest dress that she bought from Cindy today, with matching, this time blue, bra and thong panties. She looks and feels very sexy as she goes to the tram.

She raises more than just eyebrows as she gets on and sits down. the dress is so short that she can't sit without showing a flash of panties. She smiles inwardly as she feels so incredibly horny after her session with Kevin.

She meets up with Angie and Sarah, who are both dressed in similar little dresses. It seems to be the fashion at that time in the city. lice greets her friends with a kiss, lingering for slightly longer with Sarah, who she hugs even tighter. Sarah smiles naughtily at her. he knows Alice feels at least something for her. They take the tram to Prinsengracht, although it's only one stop.

Angie rings the bell and the door opens.

"It's in the penthouse. He's a wealthy guy!" says Sarah.

They take the lift up through the narrow canal-side building to arrive at the top floor. The lift opens right into the center of the party area and the music is deafening. There must be at least a hundred people here, thinks Alice looking around. Almost all of them are dressed in sexy clothes. The guys look like film stars, she thinks.
 
Tristan comes up to her quickly and presses himself against her from behind. She instantly feels his hard cock pressing into her butt.

"I've been waiting for you," he murmurs in her ear.

Alice shivers with excitement, her pussy already juicing up. She sees that Sarah and Angie are feeling the same way as they meet up with many of their girlfriends.

Alice is asked to dance by many guys and she does'enjoying herself with each one. Invariably, she feels their arousal pressing against her and she soon gets very used to it. She wonders how much Tristan has told all his friends about their quickie that lunchtime.

Suddenly, after a couple of hours of chatting, dancing and drinking, Angie comes up beside her while she's pressed against yet another hard cock and whispers: "The Sybian is about to start. Want to see?"

"Oh, yes. Sure I do!" says Alice gleefully.

Angie and Sarah take her hand as they slip into a back room. The penthouse is actually enormous, built across two large former warehouses. The back room is really big and as Alice enters, she notices that there's about half and half young women and guys.

"The guys just watch. Well, mostly!" explains Alice.

Angie is invited to go first. She's clearly done this before, whatever it is.

Tristan brings out what Alice supposes is the Sybian. It's a sort of leather covered saddle connected to the mains power. Alice immediately wonders whether it's safe, but as soon as she sees what happens next, she gasps in amazement. In front of everyone, Angie pulls off her little dress and slips out of her little bra and panties. The audience applaud at her exquisite body. She grins wickedly at Sarah and Alice.

"Which one do you want?" asks Tristan, showing Angie a set of different size knobs.

"I like the big one best!" Angie replies, grinning.

The hoots and cheers of the others just make her smile even more. She is gently stroking her pussy and clit as she waits for Tristan to attach the 'adaptor' to the machine. The adaptor is a giant phallus, attached to a ridged 
flat part.

As soon as he is finished, Angie steps astride the leather saddle, aiming her pussy at the giant phallus. To loud cheers from the group, Angie lowers herself until the phallus slips quickly and easily inside her pussy. She sighs with pleasure as the big false cock fills her up completely.

"Give me the control!" she orders Tristan, who passes her a small box with switches and knobs.

"Here she goes, everyone," cries Tristan, his excited state clearly showing with the enormous bulge in his tight jeans.

Alice watches Angie's face as she switches on something that vibrates.

"That's the clit stimulator," whispers Sarah in her ear. "She loves to ride it for a while first. She might even cum!"

Sarah is very giggly and holds on to Alice's hand firmly. Angie groans as the vibration begin to have an effect on her.

"Turn it up!" someone shouts.

Alice looks around and there is no guy in the room without a big erection. Most of the girls are beginning to look flustered and one or two already have their hands inside their panties.

Angie does turn up the vibrations, at least more than halfway and then lets out a delicious squeal.

"She's close already," whispers Sarah. "You watch when she cums."

Suddenly, Alice shrieks and explodes into orgasm, writhing like a wild thing on the saddle. The group all cheer and applaud.

"Go for it, Angie," a girl calls out. "I want a go!"

Everyone laughs, but Angie looks serious as she reaches for the control again. She clicks another switch and her eyes go all glassy.

"That's making the cock move around inside her pussy," explains Sarah. "It's really awesome!"

Soon Angie has turned both controls beyond the halfway point and she's moaning and grunting with pleasure.

"Cum, Babe," calls out Tristan, squeezing his hard cock through his trousers.

"Yea, cum for us, Angie," comes from several others.

Angie is lost in a haze of delicious feelings and is grinning crazily. She reaches for the control once more and turns the clit vibrator to maximum.

A loud scream heralds her orgasm and she screams again some seconds later. Then it happens - Angie loses it. her orgasms come in quick succession and the girl just seems to squeal and cry out almost continuously.

The whole group is entranced by her display of wanton sexiness and several cocks come out into the open to be frantically stroked, the guys trying to come off as quickly as possible.

Two of the girls moan out orgasms as they play with their pussies and Alice feels her own pussy gush a considerable amount of juices as she and Sarah hold tight to each other, watching their friend in the throes of extreme pleasure.

Finally, Angie falls sideways off the machine with exhaustion.


(being continued)

[comments and suggestions to rockyhard4uc@gmail.com]
