The Boys in Cabin 12 Are Going to Pay
by TheBlushingPrincess 

Part 7: Kennedy’s Final Revenge

It had been over two weeks since the reverse prank at the medical tent. For the most part, the boys and girls had put the event behind them and there had been no additional incidents. For their part, the boys actually apologized to the girls, realizing that they had perhaps gone too far with it. (Although everyone knew that the girls would have done the exact same to the boys had the plot proceeded as originally planned.) In any case, generally speaking, the two cabins were able to get along for the remainder of the camp.

Kennedy, on the other hand, had not made peace with it. She was still out for revenge. You see, the girls placed the blame for the entire event squarely on Kennedy’s shoulders. They had forgiven Lacy; for her only involvement was offering the initial idea. But Kennedy was the one who took it too far… ultimately allowing the boys to sadistically capitalize on every one of her ideas once they had turned the tables.

Frankly, the girls were mostly in agreement that they should have never tried to get revenge on the boys for the “skinny-dipping-at-the-lake” incident in the first place. As one of the girls had put it, “Kennedy wouldn’t let it go. So the boys saw us naked at the lake. So what! It was dark. They probably didn’t even see anything. Why did she have to talk us into this crazy revenge plot?”

The girls also felt that Kennedy was responsible for the boys catching wind of the medical-tent prank in the first place. They thought she had been careless with the notes she had written about it, allowing the boys to find them in the recycling bin outside the cabin. If that hadn’t happened… well, things might have turned out differently.

But the real trouble for Kennedy came when two of the girls stole her journal, looking for evidence of Kennedy’s carelessness. They didn’t find additional evidence about the "physicals" prank, but what they did find was worse. Far worse. The girls found a page in the journal in which Kennedy had written her opinions about the other girls in the cabin. And the opinions were not flattering, to say the least. Kennedy had ranked them on looks, popularity, dress, style, and more. And she had assigned the more “fun” roles during the fake physicals to the girls she felt were more “deserving.”

When the girls saw this, they were furious. “We want to see it! Pass it around!”

Kennedy started to cry, but she was being held back by three of the other girls on the other side of the room. “Stop! Please! That’s my private journal! Don’t!!!”

But it was too late. Her catty, judgmental writings were now on display for all her so-called friends.

“So I’m entitled, huh? Is that what you think?”

“I’ve got no fashion sense? I’m at camp! What do you expect???”

“I’m a slut? Really? You think I’m a slut? Because I made out with one boy one night???”

How quickly Kennedy’s fortunes had turned. From leader of the pack to outcast in one night.

There were just four girls about whom Kennedy had not written anything in her journal. And now that she had been ousted from her informal leadership position in the cabin, it seemed those four girls, Madison, Chrissie, Alyssa, and Heidi, were her only four remaining friends.

---------------------------

Although the other girls in the cabin had moved on from all the pranks, Kennedy and her four friends felt differently. It was Wednesday evening during the final week of camp, and the Kennedy and her four associates were gathered on the floor of the cabin, plotting one final revenge on Brandon. (Yes, now that it was just the five of them, revenge on all the boys would have been impossible. But they could at least get Brandon. Five against one. No way he could win.)

Kennedy had acquired some intelligence that Brandon would be on a solo nature hike at around 10:00 the next morning. The plan was that Kennedy and her four accomplices would catch him in the woods, strip him naked, stretch his arms over his head, and tie him to a tree. Then they would send their sister cabin, Cabin 22, to go “rescue” him. Although not nearly as humiliating as what he had done to them in the medical tent, it would send a clear message that he, in fact, did not “own” them, and that they were absolutely just as capable of inflicting humiliation as he was. Kennedy had even prepared a cardboard sign that read, in all capital letters, “I. GOT. OWNED.” She had looped a rope around each end, and once Brandon was tied naked to the tree, she would hang the sign around his neck. This would be amazing!

About 9:30, the five girls collected their supplies, including the rope and the sign, and they headed out to the woods, lying in wait, preparing to ambush the unsuspecting Brandon. They waited. And waited. Kennedy started to get nervous. Had Brandon somehow figured out their plot and modified his route? No, it would be impossible. She was extra careful this time.

Another moment passed. And another. Chrissie looked at her watch and then looked at Kennedy. Kennedy held up her forefinger, as if to say, He will be here. Be patient.

Then, at last, they heard rustling in the distance. Footsteps. Nobody in sight yet, but they kept watch, hidden behind the brush. A few more footsteps. And yes, Brandon came into view. Kennedy’s heart was pounding. This would be her proudest moment! She would avenge the girls’ humiliation and might even be able to reclaim her elevated social standing among the girls. She could all but taste the imminent success.

When Brandon was just about ten paces away, the girls sprang out from behind the brush. Having strategically positioned themselves on various sides of the trail, Brandon was surrounded. Kennedy facing him, Madison and Chrissie to his right and left, and Alyssa and Heidi behind him. He had nowhere to run. Brandon was athletic, but even so, he would be no physical match for a rehearsed, coordinated, and angry gang of five girls.

Brandon jumped, apparently quite surprised by the ambush. But he quickly composed himself. Even though he could plainly see the multiple lengths of rope that Kennedy was holding, he kept his cool. “Hello, girls,” he cheerily offered. “What’s up? Beautiful day for a hike!”

“No. No chance, you little shit,” Kennedy said. “You’re not talking your way out of this one. We are not going to let you get away with what you did to us at the medical tent. No way.” All the girls stood firm, confidently (but still a little nervously) slowly stepping closer and closer to Brandon.

Brandon looked squarely at Kennedy. Flatly, he said, “Let me guess. You’re going to strip me. Right?”

In the span of a single instant, Kennedy thought, Is he onto us? No. It’s obvious at this point. He sees the rope and knows we want revenge. And whatever. In either case, he’s outnumbered. He’s not getting away.

Kennedy glared at him. In a vindictive, ice-cold voice, she said, “That’s exactly right. We’re going to strip you naked, tie you to that tree, and leave you there. And there’s nothing you can do about it.” The girls took another step closer, now only about five feet away from him, surrounding him on all sides. He literally had no way out.

There was silence.

Brandon froze.

Then in an instant, while the girls were laser-focused on him, he quickly took off his shoes and socks. Then his shirt. Then his shorts. And finally, his underwear. Then he picked up his clothes and gently tossed them to the girls.

Brandon was no idiot. First, he was not ashamed of his body. Had he been naked in front of five girls before? No. But did he care? No. Further, he knew he was generally good looking. Maybe not a movie star, but he was a top high-school athlete and had the body for it. In terms of showing his penis to the girls, yes, maybe he was a little embarrassed about that. But he wasn’t going to let them know. Absolutely not. Quite the opposite. He radiated confidence from every fiber of his being.

Meanwhile, the girls were stunned. Kennedy was pissed off. She thought, How can we strip him if he’s already naked??? He has taken the fun out of it, the bastard. Well, whatever. We can still tie him up and leave him for Cabin 22. With that sign hanging around his neck, he’ll get the message!

Kennedy had also been hoping (although she hadn’t mentioned it to the other girls) that Brandon would have a really small dick. Oh, that would have been amazing! Or that when the stripped him, he would have a big, embarrassing boner. But neither was the case. Alright, Brandon probably wouldn’t be recruited to make a porno or anything like that, but he was quite reasonably endowed. And it was a nice-looking one too. Further, and much to Kennedy’s dismay, it was totally flaccid. Kennedy couldn’t believe it. She thought that teenage boys were hard all the time! How was he possibly standing there completely naked in front of five girls, just as soft and casual as could be?

The other girls, on the other hand, were absolutely thrilled. They got to see this cute boy’s body, and the best part was that there was no struggle involved!

“Not bad, Brandon,” said Chrissie, appreciatively (and perhaps a little turned on).

Alyssa and Heidi had been flanking Brandon from behind, but they wanted to get a better look at the good stuff. So they walked around to the front.

Kennedy yelled at them, “Don’t leave your positions! He’ll run away!”

But Brandon didn’t run away. In fact, he was practically inviting the girls to come closer for a better look.

“Why is it soft?” asked Madison, leaning in. “I thought boys’ dicks get hard when they are naked.”

“Yeah,” said the other girls (excluding Kennedy). “We want to see it hard!”

Brandon spoke up. He was starting to use kind of a smug tone. Similar to the tone he had used in the medical tent when Kennedy was going through the torture at the height station. “Well ladies, you see, I really need some visual stimulation to get hard. I mean, for instance, do any of you happen to have some pictures of hot, naked women with you? Something like that would do the trick.”

The girls looked at each other innocently. They had nothing. They looked back at Brandon, empty handed… and somewhat apologetically.

Brandon thought for a minute. Still in his smug voice, he said, “Well, I hate to ask it, and I don’t mean to put any of you on the spot, but…” He cut himself off.

“But what?” Alyssa asked, eager to get Brandon anything he needed so he could get hard for them. They were really aching to see it!

Brandon stopped and thought before speaking. “Well, I was just curious if any of you girls wouldn’t mind showing me a little skin. You know, maybe take your top off or something. That might get me hard.”

The four girls giggled. They were a more than a little excited about the possibility of one of them “showing some skin” in order to get Brandon aroused. Kennedy, on the other hand, was irritated with her friends to say the least. Were they actually trying to cater to Brandon’s sexual fantasies? What a joke! She would have been better off doing this on her own! It was really maddening.

Chrissie spoke up. “Well, Brandon… is there one of us in particular that you’d like to see take off our top?” Chrissie found the prospect surprising titillating. Part of her was secretly hoping that he would choose her. She wouldn’t mind “showing a little skin” to this nude and handsome young man.

Brandon was beyond thrilled. Not only had he thwarted Kennedy’s attack, but he was now standing buck naked in the woods with four girls (not including Kennedy, of course) who seemed to be willing to do whatever it took to get him aroused. This was turning into a pretty good nature hike!

Then Brandon responded to Chrissie, who couldn’t seem to keep her eyes off his naked, athletic body. “Well, Chrissie, and don’t take this the wrong way. I mean, you are really beautiful. And I would totally love to see you take off your top sometime. But I don’t know. Right now, I guess I’m more in the mood to see Kennedy undressed. That would be pretty hot, and I’m fairly sure that would get me hard, if that’s the goal.”

The four girls turned to Kennedy with hope in their eyes. If Kennedy stripping would get Brandon hard, that would be worth it.

“Are you kidding me?” Kennedy exclaimed. “No fucking way. We are not here to give Brandon a show! Let’s go.” Kennedy was ready to pack up and leave. Another humiliating loss to Brandon who had once again bested her. And how doubly humbling to know that he had beaten her while she was fully dressed and he was wholly naked. What an asshole! She was feeling sick to her stomach. Brandon, meanwhile, just stood back and watched the scene play out.

Heidi pleaded with Kennedy. “Come on, Kennedy. Just take off your top. We really want to see Brandon get hard. Then we’ll leave. I promise. Please???”

Kennedy’s blood was boiling—almost more than it had been when she was undergoing the fake exam. Frankly, this defeat was even worse than the naked jump rope. That was just physical embarrassment. This, however, was a strike at her intellect. It defined her as a loser who was incapable of pulling off a simple revenge prank on a stupid boy at camp. The more she thought about it, the angrier she got.

Visibly trembling from a vile combination of rage and defeat, Kennedy said, “No! There is no fucking way that I am getting naked so you can see Brandon with a fucking boner! Let’s get the hell out of here!”

Kennedy picked up her rope and her sign and started to storm away, half furious and half crying. But then something happened that Kennedy really didn’t expect. Madison, Chrissie, Alyssa, and Heidi moved over to her, surrounding her on all four sides, and stopped her in her tracks. Madison said intently, “We are seeing Brandon with a boner. And if that means you need to strip for him, then that’s what’s going to happen.” The other three girls were backing Madison up on that.

“I’m sorry, Madison,” Kennedy hissed. “Perhaps you didn’t hear me.” She spoke slowly, one word at a time. “I am not… stripping… for… Brandon.”

Madison and the other girls looked at each other, then glowered back at Kennedy.

“No, Kennedy. Perhaps you didn’t hear me,” Madison threatened. “You are going to get naked. And either you’ll do it, or we’ll do it for you.”

Kennedy was in shock. Half in rage, half crying. And now what was this? She was going to be stripped by the four girls she thought were still her friends? This was simply too much. Kennedy dropped her sign and rope and made a run for it. But she didn’t get far. With the girls surrounding her on all sides, she was knocked to the ground.

“Alyssa! Chrissie! Grab her feet!” ordered Madison, the presumptive new leader of the girls’ cabin. Alyssa immediately sat on Kennedy’s left leg, facing her foot. Chrissie did the same thing on the other side. By now, Kennedy was screaming. Make no mistake, this was not some friendly pantsing by giggling girls having playtime at a sleepover. Not hardly. This was an old-fashioned, brutal, non-consensual force stripping. With Kennedy helpless from the waist down, the full weight of the girls pinning her legs, Alyssa and Chrissie wasted no time untying and flinging off her shoes and getting her socks off.

By now, Madison and Heidi had each grabbed an arm.

It was happening so fast, Kennedy could hardly see straight. It was all a blur. Someone yelled, “Pull her shirt off! Pull her shirt off!” but Kennedy had no idea who had even said it.

With her shirt now starting to come up, Kennedy was flailing her arms but couldn’t budge them loose; Madison and Heidi each had far too strong a grip. Alyssa was now laying across Kennedy’s belly, simultaneously pinning her down and facing her legs. The effect of this was that Kennedy had no ability to move her torso and would be helpless to prevent the removal of her shorts and panties. With nobody holding her legs down, Kennedy was kicking wildly, but with no effect. She couldn’t shake Alyssa off her midsection.

A million thoughts were racing through Kennedy’s mind as she struggled to break free. Why are my friends doing this to me? How am I getting beaten again? What did I do to deserve this? The hideous sensation of betrayal permeated her soul.

By now, Melissa had Kennedy’s shirt up and over her head, but to get it all the way off, Madison and Heidi would have to release Kennedy’s arms. A risky move, so they did it one at a time. First, Madison released Kennedy’s right arm and Chrissie pulled the sleeve over and off. Then Madison sat on Kennedy’s right arm while Heidi released her left hand so she and Madison could relieve Kennedy of her shirt entirely.

Now with her arms held firmly in place with the full weight of Madison and Heidi, and Chrissie still laying horizontally across Madison’s midsection, Alyssa moved in place to strip Kennedy of her shorts and panties. With three girls holding her down, you’d think it would have been easier. But Kennedy was putting every ounce of strength into kicking her legs.

Chrissie was in perfect position to unzip Kennedy’s pants and get them down past her hips, along with her panties. But at that point, Madison had to take over. She laid her body horizontally across Kennedy’s knees to reduce her ability to kick, and she slid the shorts and panties down to the knees. Then Madison rolled over, never letting up pressure on Kennedy’s legs, now facing Kennedy’s feet. With Kennedy pinned at the waist by Alyssa and pinned at the knees by Madison, the final step of sliding her shorts and panties over and off her feet was not particularly difficult. Although with all the screaming, it seemed perhaps harder than it should have.

Madison and Alyssa then planted their bodies resolutely on top of Kennedy’s ankles. She was completely pinned, with Madison and Alyssa sitting on her ankles and Heidi and Chrissie sitting on her arms. Her body, now covered only by her bra, was flailing, but could go nowhere.

Meanwhile, Brandon was coolly standing just a few feet away, still unabashedly naked, enjoying the view of this ferocious force-stripping of his nemesis.

Alyssa collected herself, though still very much out of breath from the stripping. “Brandon?” asked Alyssa. “Is it hard yet? Now that Kennedy is naked, is it hard? We want to see!”

Brandon walked over to the girls so they could inspect his rigidity.

Chrissie leaned in for a closer look. “It looks about half hard,” she said, somewhat disappointed.

“Yeah,” explained Brandon. “That happens sometimes. I guess it’s just not all the way excited yet. I was thinking though, maybe if you took off Kennedy’s bra. Maybe that would do the trick.”

Kennedy’s screams of “no” and “please” fell on deaf ears. She didn’t even care about being naked in front of Brandon. He and the other boys had seen her naked already. She was over that. She simply couldn’t stand losing anymore. Even so, she couldn’t help but recognize the dreadful irony. Brandon was using his own nakedness to humiliate Kennedy.

The girls immediately went back to work on Kennedy. To unclasp the bra, they needed to roll her onto her side; a tricky challenge, because they didn’t want to unpin her. But Madison turned her body just enough that she could unclasp the bra. Then once that was done, Heidi and Chrissie, still sitting on Kennedy’s arms, were able to effortlessly slip the bra straps up and over Kennedy’s arms and hands. They carelessly tossed it to the side, decisively revealing Kennedy in all her natural splendor.

“How about now, Brandon?” Chrissie asked, hopefully. She leaned in again to examine Brandon’s firmness. It was harder, but still not all the way.

“Here. Bring it over here. Let me see,” beckoned Alyssa. Brandon cheerfully obliged, bringing his mostly engorged penis just inches from Alyssa’s eyes.

Alyssa said, “It looks hard. But it’s still not pointing up. I thought they were supposed to point up!”

Brandon explained, “Yeah, I mean it’s good and hard right now. But you’re right. I’ve got to be really excited for it to point up.”

The girls were eager to see it point up. “What can we do?” “How do we get it all the way excited?” “What do you want?”

Brandon thought about it. “Well, you know… nah. I don’t want to ask that. You might think less of me.”

“No!” the girls replied. “What is it? Just say it and we’ll do it!”

Kennedy tried to reason with the girls. “Come on! Don’t you see what he’s doing??? Please, let me go!” But once again, nobody even seemed to hear.

Completely ignoring Kennedy’s pleas, Brandon spoke to the girls. “Well, I’m actually kind of intrigued by bondage. I mean, don’t get me wrong. I’ve never done it or anything like that. But it seems kind of hot. So I was thinking, maybe if you tied Kennedy up, like maybe by using that rope there, maybe that would be stimulating enough for me that it would ‘point up’ like you want. But I don’t want to make you ladies do something you’re not comfortable with.”

“Oh, we don’t mind.”

“That’s fine by us.”

“We’d be happy to!”

“You stupid bitches!” Kennedy cried out, to anyone who would listen. “Stop. Don’t you see? He’s just using you to get to me.”

But the girls didn’t even hear her. Wanting to see it “point up” more than anything else, they commenced binding Kennedy’s wrists with the rope; the very rope she had brought with her to tie Brandon naked to the tree! Kennedy struggled, twisting her arms and torso this way and that, but to no avail. The gang of girls was far too overpowering for her to get away. Heidi and Chrissie swung Kennedy’s arms upward, bringing her wrists together. Melissa straddled her body across Kennedy’s knees, severely limiting her movement. And Madison grabbed the rope and started to secure Kennedy’s wrists.

It was an extended length of rope. A good 30 feet or so. And strong, too. Kennedy had purposefully chosen nylon so it wouldn’t fray when rubbed against the limbs of the tree. With Kennedy’s wrists safely fastened, while she was still pinned down, Madison tossed the other end of the rope over the limb of an enormous moss-covered tree in the center of the clearing.

“Get her up,” commanded Madison.

Chrissie, Heidi, and Alyssa complied, bringing Kennedy to her feet as Madison pulled down on the free end of the rope, hoisting Kennedy’s hands well over her head to the point that she was almost having to stand on her tiptoes.

Kennedy was livid. “Cut me down! Cut me down! You fucking bitches! Get me the hell down from here!”

It was as if the girls couldn’t even hear her. Madison firmly tied off the end of the rope to another branch, mercilessly leaving Kennedy outstretched, suspended, and completely bare. Brandon, still standing casually naked (at a safe distance, of course) was playing it oh so cool. But on the inside, he couldn’t have been more elated to see the scene play out as it had.

The girls turned their backs on Kennedy and ran toward Brandon. “Let’s see it!” “Is it pointing up?” “I want to get a good look!”

Well, the girls were not disappointed. Yes, just as Brandon had promised, seeing Kennedy tied naked to the tree did the trick. His penis was hard as a rock and pointed straight to the sky.

“Oh, I love it!”

“It’s so hard!”

“And long!”

“And thick!”

“And smooth!”

“And straight!”

“Wow. It’s amazing!”

Kennedy didn’t even bother saying anything in response to the girls ogling Brandon’s dick. She was over it. These were idiot bitches, and they were beneath her. Fuck them all.

Brandon, as hard as he’d ever been in his life, gentlemanly and graciously took Madison and Alyssa by the arms, and they in turn took Chrissie and Heidi by the arms. So there they were. The five of them. Brandon in the center, flanked by Madison and Chrissie on one side and Alyssa and Heidi on the other. Arms linked, as if they were heading out for a night on the town, they walked right up to Kennedy. Brandon noticed the sign that Kennedy had prepared. It was lying on the ground right next to the tree where Kennedy was so embarrassingly displayed.

“Pardon me just a second, ladies,” he said, unlinking his arms. He bent down and picked up the sign. He studied it.

“This is an interesting sign,” he mused, generally in Kennedy’s direction. “’I. GOT. OWNED.’ Interesting.”

Kennedy glared at him. “Don’t you dare, you fucking asshole!”

Brandon flashed a winning smile. “Oh, don’t worry. You think I would take this sign you made and hang it around your neck? Never. That would really be going too far. Don’t you think? I mean, it was bad enough that the boys and I totally stole your prank from the medical tent and turned it against you. I wouldn’t dream of doing the same thing again. So rest easy, my dear Kennedy.” He patted her gently on her head as she winced in response to his touch. “I’m not going to hang this sign around your neck.”

Brandon, still hard as a rock and nicely “pointing up” for the girls (Brandon was not one to disappoint), took a few steps toward another tree just a few feet away. He reached behind the tree and pulled out another sign, also attached to a loop of rope.

Kennedy’s heart raced. “What the fuck!!! You had this PLANNED??? And you girls were IN ON IT??? You FUCKERS. ALL OF YOU!”

Nobody acknowledged Kennedy’s rant.

Brandon calmly approached Kennedy and revealed the sign.

“KENNEDY. NEVER. WINS.”

“I thought this sign would be more appropriate for today,” he said as he deliberately hung the sign around her neck. Then he stepped back, linked arms with the girls once again, and took a good long look at Kennedy on her tip toes, stripped naked, hands tied high above her head, wearing the degrading sign.

“You look great, Kennedy,” Brandon offered. “And you’ll be happy to know that I adjusted the sign so it would rest just above your breasts. After all, it would have been a shame to cover any of your beautiful body.”

The four girls sneered at Kennedy.

“I am warning you, you better cut me down before you walk away,” came the requisite idle threat.

“You know, Kennedy, I absolutely would cut you down. But I just don’t seem to have any scissors on me.” He turned to the girls. “Do any of you have a scissors on you?”

The girls looked at each other. “No, sorry. We don’t. Such a shame.”

“But you know what?” Brandon offered. “Cabin 24 is out here doing their scavenger hunt. I’m sure they’ve got supplies to help you get down.”

Kennedy shouted, still struggling to keep her balance, “Cabin 24??? Those are 12-year-old boys!!!”

“I think you might be right,” Brandon replied. “But nonetheless, they should be able to get you down, no problem. They are very resourceful young men. I suspect they’ll be here soon. I know one of the items on the scavenger hunt list is a ‘moss-covered tree,’ not unlike the one you’re standing under. If I remember correctly, they’ve each been assigned a camera and they need to snap a photo of each item on the list. So I’m sure they’ll be able to cut you down when they arrive. In any case, the girls and I are going to go on our way now.”

And off the five of them went. Brandon still fully engorged, much to the girls’ delight, with two girls on each arm. Kennedy could hear Brandon and the girls laughing as they walked away. Then, in the distance, she heard Brandon say to them, “Would you ladies like to see what happens when you stroke it?” The girls giggled and squealed with delight. And just like that, they vanished into the woods.

It fell quiet. Kennedy was now alone in the clearing, in broad daylight, securely dangling naked from a tree, with a sign around her neck that read “KENNEDY. NEVER. WINS.” She struggled pointlessly to break the bind. But the more she moved, the tighter the knot seemed to become.

Eventually, she gave up and stopped struggling. Had she really brought this on herself? Was this exactly what she deserved for relentlessly pursuing revenge and for her pettiness and arrogance toward her cabin mates? Maybe this was just the lesson she needed to set her on a better course. She was doubting everything.

Then after a long while, out of the silence, Kennedy heard the oh-so-young voices of the boys from Cabin 24. The voices were getting closer. And closer. And closer.

“Hey guys, just about another hundred feet or so, toward that clearing. I think that’s where the old mossy tree is!”

“Yeah, I think he’s right. Get your cameras ready! This is going to be awesome!”

Kennedy could do nothing more than close her eyes and wait.


Part 8: