The summer before I left for college, my parents took my twin sister Zoe and I on a road trip.
"It'll be good for us!" said my stepmom Angie over the dinner table where they announced the trip. Angie, my dad's late-thirties wife he married when I was in middle school, was a cheery if sometimes irritating woman who was always planning some sort of grand gesture. Though she wasn't more than six years younger than our dad, Angie's clear skin, large perky breasts and long blonde hair made her appear to be in her early-thirties at the latest. In fact, their marriage was a small scandal among the gossipy housewives in our affluent little town for a a short while.
"We haven't had a vacation with the whole family since middle school!" said Angie, pouring herself a flute of champagne to go with dinner.
"Maybe that's because of how badly the last one went." muttered Zoe, my twin sister. Her shoulder-length brown hair and green eyes matched mine perfectly, but that was about as far as similarities went. While I was a respectable 5'10", Zoe was a mere 5'2", with a petite but curvy figure to match. My usual aloofness found no reflection in Zoe, a sharp-tongued debate team member who took every opportunity she had to needle me.
"Well, for one more summer the two of you will be living under our roof. Angie and I want to go camping with the whole family, so the two of you are coming with us," my dad said over his quarter-pound ribeye, stopping the conversation in its tracks. "We haven't had time to spend with just the family in years, so this is about the last chance we're gonna get for who knows how long. I, for one, want the four of us to get a good, long chance to bond before the two of you go off to school."
So, against our wishes, we found ourselves in my dad's prized RV, a 2009 Winnebago with a fridge, a bathroom, one TV and one bedroom. We set off on June 15th, planning to reach the Grand Canyon in four or five days.
My dad's solution to the issue of there only being one bed in the RV was to give Zoe and I a tent, a big mattress pad, and some sleeping bags. We obviously protested, but my father, an authoritative business exec and former linebacker, isn't one to be argued with.
So on the very first night, we accepted our fate and set up the tent after dinner.
"Watch it, Alexander," said Zoe to me as we attempted to bend the tentpoles into the correct shape.
"I'm watching it, I'm watching it," I assured her.
"Good. Now just stick- just stick it in the little pocket. Now. Right now."
With some effort, I pushed the long pole into the little pocket.
"Whew," she said. "Ok, I'm gonna get my bag and sleeping bag.
"All right," I said, unzipping the tent and crawling inside.
It was a small tent, barely big enough for two adults to sleep in. That my father thought it could fit us both is honestly shocking.
But we had to make it work. That night, my sister and I got into our little tent and realized we had both forgotten to change into pajamas in the now- locked RV.
As soon as we finished zipping the tent, I took my shirt off and slid my jeans down. I usually slept in my boxers, and since that night was hot, I wanted as little between me and the sleeping bag as possible.
"Oh, um," Zoe mentioned, "I need to change into my pajamas. Otherwise I won't be able to sleep.
"Oh," I said. "Well, um, do you want to do it inside your sleeping bag?"
"Uh, I guess so," she said. So she slid inside her sleeping bag and zipped it up from the inside. One by one, she unbuckled and removed her top, her jean shorts, her bra and her panties and pulled them out of the sleeping bag. Then she pulled some black gym shorts and a red t-shirt out of her duffel bag and slipped into them inside the sleeping bag.
"Can you turn the lights off?" she asked.
"Sure, I said, reaching out my arm to click off the small lantern hanging from the top of the tent.
This night wouldn't be much of a story without what happened when I woke up several hours later to the sound of fast breathing.
There was a strange noise in the tent. Zoe was breathing quickly for some reason. Was she having a nightmare? I listened closely to see if I could hear more.
I could -- it was a little wet splashing sound, like someone flicking their lips. And then I realized what it was.
My sister was masturbating! In the same tiny tent as me! And she had no idea I was awake.
What did I do? It was disgusting. I didn't want anything to do with that. But then I realized that if she knew I had seen her jilling off, everything would have been a million times worse. We wouldn't have been able to look at each other at breakfast tomorrow.
So I kept quiet. I closed my eyes and tried not to listen. But how could I not listen? She wasn't exactly keeping it down.
Zoe's breathing got faster and faster. Based on her posture, it looked like her knees were together but her hand was stuck through her thighs to finger herself.
Then all of a sudden, Zoe stopped breathing and began to tremble. She was convulsing with wave after wave of pleasure, every muscle vibrating in a wonderful climax.
And then she panted for a minute. And then she was silent.
I couldn't sleep for a while after that. I didn't know how I was supposed to be feeling. On the one hand, I just got to watch a girl masturbate to completion! On the other hand... the girl was my twin sister? Who I'd grown up with for my whole life? Something felt wrong about it. But I couldn't stop thinking about it. The scene played in my head over and over again for the rest of the night.
The next day rolled around and our dad was shaking the tent to get us awake.
"Wake up, lazybones!" he yelled at us, grabbing a tentpole and shaking it for dear life.
"DAD!" yelled Zoe, "We GET it!"
"All right, all right," said Dad, putting the tentpole down and unzipping the tent. "Just be ready for bacon and eggs in five minutes, ok? After that we have to put the burner away."
"Yes, daddy," said Zoe, squinting at the morning sun.
We sat side by side on a bench made from a log and ate our bacon and eggs, me trying to forget what I saw last night, and her probabably wondering if she'd gotten away with it. We didn't say a word to each other all morning.
The day was boring. We drove through some deserts, some woods, and some more deserts on the way to the Grand Canyon. Finally, we settled down at a campground near a Nevada desert. We ate some microwave food and went our separate ways; my parents to their Winnebago and Zoe and I to our little tent.
We did our little pajama ritual like we did the night before, with her changing in her sleeping bag and me just stripping to my underwear. We got into our sleeping bags and turned the light off.
But tonight wasn't the same as last night. Tonight was 30 degrees. If our tent was better insulated, maybe that would have been fine. But alas, our tent was not better insulated, and Zoe and I both found ourselves shivering within the hour.
Eventually it was so bad that my teeth were chattering. They were chattering so loud, in fact, that Zoe heard them.
"Alex... are you shivering?"
"A- a little."
"I'm sh-shivering too."
"Oh."
A silence.
"Hey," she said, tentatively. "Do you think we could open up our sleeping bags and sleep a little closer to, you know, share warmth?
"Uh," I mumbled. "Sure, I guess."
"Okay," she said. After a few moments, I heard her scooch her sleeping bag closer to me. I scooched in a little more too. Then came the sound of her sleeping bag unzipping slowly.
"Unzip yours too," she whispered.
"Ok." I unzipped mine. Now it was like we were under the covers together.
She scooched in towards me a little bit, then rolled onto her side to face away from me. I rolled the other direction.
It was definitely warmer, but we still spent a while trying to fall asleep after that. Eventually I heard Zoe's breathing become slow and methodical. She was deep asleep.
I started to doze off too, until suddenly I felt something on my butt. Zoe had shifted in her sleep and inched backwards a little. Her gym shorts were pressing gently against my boxers in her sleep. We were ass to ass.
I tensed up a little. But then I began to relax; after all, she didn't realize she was doing it, and since I was just laying here, it's not like I was to blame, right?
She inched a little closer in between deep breaths. Her ass was toned and round, much more so than I expected. It felt nice against me.
In any case, I fell asleep soon after. But I woke up to something entirely unexpected.
As I came to in the dim light of the early morning filtering through the fabric of the tent, I felt a warmth across the entire front of my body. I quickly realized what was happening -- I was pressed up against Zoe from behind, spooning her!
I let out a small gasp and then froze. I was mortified. I must have done it in my sleep.
Not only was my entire body against hers, with her shapely ass pressing into my crotch, my left arm was embracing her firmly, my hand balled into a fist and pressed squarely under her B-cup breasts.
I had to get myself out of this position without waking her up. But it was too late -- as soon as I gasped, I felt her stir under my arm. Then she was still for a moment.
"Alexander?"
"Yes?"
"Why are you... holding onto me?"
"Uh, I'm sorry. I just woke up like this."
She chuckled nervously. "Um, well, you might want to tell your... uh... dick to calm down."
Holy shit. My morning wood was pushing between her ass cheeks. I was hard as a rock and I hadn't even realized.
"Oh my God, fuck," I gasped and pulled my hips back.
Zoe chuckled. "Jesus Christ. Keep it under control over there, will you?"
"Ugh. Sorry. I'm going to brush my teeth," I said, red-faced, and pulled on a pair of jeans.
I unzipped the tent and stumbled out into the morning sun, leaving my still- giggling sister behind.
We didn't discuss it for the rest of the day. We ate a solemn family breakfast in the RV, packed up the tent, and continued the drive for another dozen or so hours.
But eventually dusk fell. We pulled into a nearly-vacant RV campground and set up the tent before it got dark. We had dinner and I watched some football with my dad on the TV while Zoe read one of her romance novels in the tent.
Eventually it was time for bed. Yawning, I closed the RV door behind me and walked the twenty feet to the tent.
When I unzipped it, I was taken aback. Instead of lounging in her normal crop top and gym shorts, tonight Zoe was sitting upright and flipping through the pages of her romance novel while wearing a matching set of gray Calvin Klein underwear.
"Oh, is this a bad time?" I asked hesitantly.
"No, of course not," she replied. "It's hot tonight, and I just figured since you sleep in your underwear every night, I should be able to as well. This is how I normally sleep in my own bed anyways."
"Ah, okay," I said. I disrobed to my boxers as usual and slid into my sleeping bag.
"Well, good night," said Zoe, clicking off the lantern.
"Good night."
She settled into her sleeping bag and rested her head on her pillow. It felt like we were positioned a little closer than we were last night, and on account of the heat both of us left our sleeping bags unzipped. But I didn't think much of it. And soon enough, I was asleep anyways.
I woke up a few hours later, in the dead of night. It was pitch black, but I could tell that somehow Zoe and I had rolled close together again. This time, we were facing each other. Our hips were positioned close together, and one of her legs was over the top of mine. And when I opened my eyes, I found her staring at me.
"Alex," she whispered. "Your dick is pressing into my stomach."
"Oh Christ," I said, rolling onto my back to get it away from her.
"Again? Really? Twice in one day?" Zoe giggled, rolling onto her back as well.
"Hey, look, it's not my fault. I can't control it."
"Guys are so weird. Your penises just do that sometimes, huh? They just get in the mood to poke the nearest chick every once in a while?"
I sighed. "Maybe this wouldn't be so much of a problem if I got the chance to, you know, relieve it more often. But that's not something that's so easy to do when you're sharing a tent with your sister, catch my drift?"
Zoe chuckled nervously. "Ew! Shut up. You're so gross."
I turned onto my other side to face away from her. "I'm so gross? At least I have enough self-restraint to not masturbate while my brother's asleep."
Uh oh. That slipped out without me even getting a chance to think about it.
Zoe was silent for a moment. Then: "What are you talking about?"
"Uh," I mumbled. "Nothing."
"No, why did you say that? What did you mean by that?"
I took a deep sigh. "Oh, come on, Zoe. You weren't exactly being quiet about it the other night."
Zoe began to stammer. "I- I- I don't know what you think... what you think you heard. But you didn't hear anything, okay?"
"All right, whatever you say, Zoe. Just keep it down next time, all right?"
Zoe blushed bright red (at least, I imagine she did -- it was pitch black) and went completely silent. She didn't know what to say.
Zoe rolled onto her side facing away from me. "Look, this tent is my bedroom as well as yours. So what I do in it is my business, all right?"
"All right, fine. But then by extension, what I do in it is my business too, okay?"
She sighed. "Yeah, I guess so."
"So if I want to jerk off before I go to bed, that's within my rights, okay?"
"God, you're so gross."
"I'm gross? You're the one who's spent most of this trip with her hand down her pants so far."
"Fine, ok, whatever. You wanna jerk off? Go to town. If that's gonna help you stop jabbing me with your dick, do what you need to do."
"Fine. Maybe I will right now then."
"Fine. See if I care."
I paused for a moment. You know what? I was frustrated. I did want to jerk off. And I was tired of my sister doing weird shit in her sleep and acting like I was some kind of pervert. You're gonna touch yourself while I'm right there? Fine, princess. Let's see if you can take it as well as you can dish it out.
So I pulled down my boxers inside my sleeping bag. I grabbed my six and a half inch cock, still hard as a rock, with my right hand, and began to gently stroke it along its whole length.
The rustling of my sleeping bag was audible, but Zoe didn't say anything.
I closed my eyes and tried to imagine the girls I knew in high school. There was one girl, Charlotte Staples, who all the guys knew as the prettiest girl in school. She was a bookish type with short black bangs, double-D cups and a perfect ass. She often wore crop tops to school that exposed her toned, smooth stomach.
Every straight guy in the grade had surely imagined dominating her at some point or another, at ripping off her stupid wireframe arthoe glasses and pinning her down by the neck. Choking her on his cock and slapping his thighs against her supple ass while thrusting his hard dick into her again and again between her gasps of pleasure. Pulling out at just the right second to blow load after load of cum onto her stomach and tits and face.
But today, that image wasn't doing it for me. Today all I could think about was my sister Zoe touching herself with her hand in her gym shorts, writhing in pleasure just a few feet from me. What guy could she have been thinking about, I wondered?
Thinking about Zoe made me harder, all the more so since she was awake and listening to me jack off. I'd never permitted myself to think of my twin sister as a sexual being before now, but all of a sudden I couldn't help but do so.
I stroked my cock tighter and faster, trying to focus on the sensitive parts of the tip. I was panting a little bit now, and I could have sworn I heard Zoe breathing a little deeper too.
But then I was out of breath. It wasn't going to happen. It was too hot in the tent, and I was too tired. I wouldn't be cumming tonight.
But Zoe was surprised. "Why'd you stop?" she asked timidly.
"I'm not going to be able to finish. Not enough stimulation."
"Oh," she said, almost sounding disappointed.
"It happens sometimes," I said. I rolled over on my back and stared at the ceiling. "Maybe tomorrow."
Zoe was silent. She turned back onto her side and faced away from me, lost in thought.
And then, from the darkness, Zoe asked the question that would change both of our lives forever.
"Do you want me to help?"
What? What was she saying?
"...help with what?"
"You know, help you... finish?"
"Um."
I was dumbfounded. Was Zoe, my twin sister, really offering to jerk me off?"
"You... you want to do that?"
"I mean... I don't WANT to... but it would keep you from getting hard all the time, right?"
"Uh, I mean, maybe."
"And it would help you take the edge off so you could get to sleep, right?"
"I guess so, yeah."
"Then if you want... I could help you finish. With my hand."
A handjob from my twin sister? What the fuck? And even worse, why did I actually feel horny enough to consider it?
"Um. Are you sure?"
"Yeah, I mean, it doesn't have to mean anything, right? I'd just be moving my hand up and down your dick."
"Uh, yeah. I guess so."
There was a tense silence in the tent.
"So do you want to get out of your sleeping bag?" asked Zoe.
"Sure," I said.
Slowly, I slid my naked body out of my sleeping bag to reveal my hard, girthy six and a half inch shaft to my sister. She gasped a little when she saw it.
"Oh."
"What?"
"It's just... it's bigger than it was when we used to take baths together."
"Well, that's puberty for you," I chuckled nervously.
Still in her underwear, Zoe crawled out of her sleeping bag and kneeled between my legs. In what little light there was, I watched her hesitantly take her small hand and grasp my cock at the base. Then she began to move her hand up and down, stroking my cock with a surprising tenderness and care.
I let out a small gasp. The feeling of being touched by someone, anyone, even my sister, was too good to hold in.
She stared intently at the tip of my cock, periodically glancing at my face to see how I was doing.
"Try focusing a little more on the tip," I suggested.
"Okay," she said, grasping the top third of my dick and speeding up her stroke.
"Fuck, that feels good, Zoe. You're really good at this."
"Ha ha. I've had a few chances to practice, she said, winking at me."
I couldn't help but start thrusting into her hand just a little bit. Her hand was soft and gripped my shaft with the perfect amount of firmness.
Then all of a sudden, she spit into her palm. "Too much friction," she said. She rubbed her saliva all over my shaft, lubricating it perfectly and making every hair on my body stand on end in the process.
"Oh, Zoe. Oh, fuck," I moaned, completely lost in pleasure now. With the added lube from her saliva, she could stroke even faster now, and better stimulate the little ledge where the head of my cock met my shaft.
Then I felt something else. She was touching her tongue to the tip of my dick as she stroked the shaft, gently licking my urethra. The head of my dick suddenly felt ten times as sensitive. I gasped. Then she slipped the entire head into her mouth.
My twin sister was on her knees in her underwear, bent over me with my cock in her mouth in a tent somewhere in an Nevada desert. And I was enjoying every second of it.
I was enjoying it so much that it looked like I was going to finish after all. I ran my fingers through my sister's hair to warn her.
"Zoe, Zoe... I'm gonna cum soon. Okay?"
"Mmm-mm," she mumbled, my cock still in her mouth.
"Fuck, Zoe. If you keep this up I'm going to cum inside your mouth."  
She didn't stop. In fact, she accelerated, spitting on my dick again to keep it lubed up, twisting both hands up and down my shaft, bobbing her head up and down to suck every last drop of precum out of the tip. For one moment, she stopped and licked the entire underside of my shaft from the base to the frenulum, sending shivers down my entire body.
"Oh, fuck. Zoe. Zoe, I'm cumming. I'm cumming!"
And I came. With her mouth secured tightly around the tip of my dick, her throat caught the rope after rope of thick white ejaculate I shot down her neck.
"Ohhhhhhhh, fuckkkkkkkk..." I moaned, the satisfaction of sweet release consuming me, heightened by the pleasure of the warm mouth into which my seed was planted.
Zoe took her lips off of my cock and, with some effort, swallowed my entire load, save for a bit of cum that had dribbled down from her mouth and onto her chin. She began panting deeply, out of breath from the ordeal of sucking me off.
"Oh my God. You came so much more than I was expecting," panted Zoe.
"Sorry... about that," I whispered in between deep breaths.
"Don't be. It was... kinda hot, actually."
She looked into my eyes and I looked back at her. With my right thumb, I wiped the last dribble of my semen off her chin. And in that moment alone in our tent, me naked and her in her underwear, as we looked into each other's eyes we knew there was no going back.