As the last of the fires died to embers, Draco knew everything was over. Everything he had ever known would cease to exist, and something new and strange and terrifying would soon be pushed into existence. He was almost looking forward to it; anything had to be better than what he had been through over the past two years.

The littlest Weasley looked him up and down, eyes sparking with hate and loathing. Somehow that wasn't very surprising, though he had expected better from her. She at least seemed to think on her own, even if they disagreed. Draco kept his jaw clenched and met her gaze head on, unflinching. He wouldn't act as if surivival were a terrible thing. He wouldn't act as if saving his family the only way he knew how was horrible. He wouldn't act as if he would kowtow to her or anyone else ever again. He had learned his lesson the first time.

She was startled by the intensity in his gaze and really looked at him then. Something softened, just slightly, and she looked away first. Perhaps she had seen something there she hadn't expected. Perhaps she had seen beyond the stereotypical hate the rest of her family had leveled at him. Perhaps she really did have a mind of her own.

Later, he would look back on that moment and mark it down as the beginning of hope. If she could change, couldn't the rest of the Wizarding World?

The initial optimism soon gave way to pessimism. Things didn't change as drastically as he would have hoped. That initial feeling he had gotten seemed to be the standard. His father had somehow gotten his sentence at Azkaban commuted following the last battle, and his mother had done something to help Harry Potter. She never did talk about it, but it was likely the source of his father's reprieve. It galled Draco to no end to be beholden to Harry bloody Potter for his family's freedom, but he swallowed it down in public. His family was free, their properties and monies were intact, and he didn't have to constantly look over his shoulder wondering where the next strike would be. Still, he knew public opinion would never acquit his family. They looked at him with large unblinking eyes and their thoughts were clear on their faces. You shouldn't be here, they would tell him if they could. You should be locked up. You shouldn't be able to walk around like this. You haven't paid enough.

They acted as if it were a crime to play the fence, to remain as neutral as possible in an impossible war. They didn't know what it was like to face the Dark Lord on a regular basis and have to tell him I failed. They didn't know the torture it was to see everything that he had held dear be smashed to bits. They sat back and judged because they were the victors, they got to rewrite history and paint everyone else as villains.

Draco knew he had gotten off easy. The other Slytherins his year hadn't fared so well. Some had to leave the country, some stayed to face the scorn. Nott hadn't been able to take it very long and had slit his own throat than deal with the continued rage against his family. Millicent left the country and by all accounts had done well for herself. Pansy had to marry to save her family's fortunes and was an isolative drunkard. Blaise had to work; Mama Zabini's latest paramour had died and no one would go near her now. Blaise had suggested Italy to retire to, where the social climate was not as frigid.

It was an impossible struggle to do right by the new regime. It was nearly as oppressive as the Dark Lord's had been, but now there was an air of righteousness. Properties were seized or taxed to the hilt. Monies were scrutinized, owls were regulated. Any former Death Eater or suspected former Death Eater was subject to random searches. Officials taxed them heavily, lost paperwork and made a mess of any complaints filed.

This treatment angered him deeply, but Draco had to swallow it down. There was no point to expressing this rage, no place to discuss it. It simply wasn't allowed, would be considered treason if anyone suspected. Death Eater filth, the Ministry officials seemed to say. You haven't suffered enough, you haven't paid. We'll make sure we get every last drop of it out of you, until we think you're through.

He had his fortune. Draco took a twisted kind of comfort in that. He was still comfortable and didn't have to struggle. He took to spending time in Muggle London, frequenting a few favorite cafés and bookstores, a few parks and libraries. He dressed as well as any Muggle, and grew familiar with the new surroundings. They didn't know him here. He wasn't a tainted Death Eater's son, he wasn't someone to be afraid of. He was just another bloke spending the afternoon in a café alone, reading a newspaper or a book and sipping tea. It was comforting, and helped to quiet the helpless rage he sometimes felt in Wizarding society. His mother had resumed her charity work, but there were subtle snubs within society. The invitations to events weren't always automatic the way they used to be. Suggestions went unheard. His mother would never be anything less than graceful and elegant, would never comment on the slights dealt her in the wake of Lucius Malfoy's defeat. She bowed her head and bore it stoically, and kept persisting with her work. Lucius, on the other hand, couldn't tolerate it. He withdrew from society, taking up dog breeding and horse breeding as his occupation. He had never been able to handle being second best, and being treated as a pariah weighed on him.

Draco took his revenge on the new society families the only way he knew how—seducing their daughters systematically. They were silly chits anyway, believing that they could reform him into something acceptable. The girls thought that they were special somehow, that they could change him. Or perhaps they fancied themselves in love. Perhaps they honestly believed that he could care about them in the face of what their families had done to his. Perhaps they were silly enough to believe that love truly did conquer everything, that families weren't as important to him as they should be. He bedded them and discarded them at the height of their self-centered fantasies. He took a perverse kind of pleasure of breaking the hearts of the girls whose mothers had broken his mother's.

It was empty, but it was the only recourse he had.

Draco was about to walk into his favorite café in Muggle London when he stopped cold in the doorway. There was a flash of Weasley red in front of him, completely out of place. The littlest Weasley was there alone at a table, a cup of tea in front of her. She contemplated it miserably, and hadn't noticed him yet. He could have turned and walked into a different café. He could have left for a store. He could have returned home.

Her misery intrigued him, however. She was a golden Gryffindor, a Weasley, a former paramour of the Boy That Simply Refused To Die. What did she have to be miserable about? Why did she have to hide in Muggle London?

Draco also remembered that long ago moment in the wake of the final battle. She had seen him then. While she hadn't said anything, she also hadn't loathed him so completely. She had been able to think for herself. What if that was the problem?

He confidently strode into the café, a smile on his face. "Hullo. Is this seat taken?" he asked, coming up to her table. He was gratified to see her startled expression, her eyes wide with confusion and shock. When she nodded slowly, he sat down beside her. "This is probably the best café on this street, did you know that?"

She watched him warily, unsure of his motives. Still, she didn't automatically distrust him or think he was evil.

Oh, this was going to be an interesting afternoon.
***
Life in Wizarding England was fairly circumscribed and regular. There were roles, even if not explicitly stated, and people seemed to fit the stereotypes. As much as Ginny knew that it wasn't really true, it was hard to counteract the notion. Ginny had been ingrained in the black-and-white thinking of her childhood, and it was difficult to shake. The students at Hogwarts all seemed to slide right into their set roles, though she could never be sure if it was because those traits were played up in children. Slytherins were sneaky and self serving and all became Death Eaters as adults. Ravenclaws were scarily brilliant, and disdained anything that wasn't academic. Hufflepuffs were unfailingly loyal and would help just about anyone. Gryffindors were brave and honorable. Still, Ginny could see as an adult that it wasn't always true. Not all Slytherins had become Death Eaters. Some Ravenclaws and even Hufflepuffs had become Death Eaters during the war. Peter Pettigrew had been a Gryffindor, and he wasn't brave or honorable.

Following the war, however, the stereotypes didn't fall apart. If anything, they had become more and more cemented in the culture. The bad people were gone and the good people prevailed and things were going to be different. That was all she heard, all anyone heard. Harry Potter is our savior, the newspapers claimed. Harry Potter is helping rebuild our torn nation. Harry Potter had saved them all.

Only, Ginny knew Harry Potter. She knew his flaws and his capabilities, and while he was growing into a great wizard, she knew he had little inclination for politics or organization. The Prophet went on and on about how he rubbed elbows with all the right people, influencing things for the better. He wanted to make the Wizarding World a safer, better place.

Ginny knew better.

She played Quidditch, so it was hardly a profession that would allow her to really learn how the government ran. Oh, her father was the Vice Minister now and Percy was an Assistant to some Minister or another. Even Ron and Hermione had some sort of Ministry job now, though Harry had gone off to revamp the Auror department with a vengeance. He was doing brilliantly there, his natural paranoia after the war rivaling old Mad Eye Moody's. Neville and Luna had some sort of Ministry job as well, though they could never discuss what it was that they were working on in public. Ginny had known she could never compete with the "real" heroes of the war. She was famous, but only in general terms as a Weasley. More of her fame came from who she'd dated and the role her family had played in the war than from her Quidditch abilities, though she was starting to come into her own there as well.

Still, it rankled. She hadn't been allowed to participate, and had been belittled for what little she had been allowed to contribute. Only Tonks had seemed to honestly appreciate her efforts, what little they had been.

Maybe if she had a larger role to play, she wouldn't have felt so discontent. Maybe she wouldn't have noticed that the grand promises made weren't being kept. It was supposed to be a better world after the war ended, but she couldn't see any differences. Oh, there wasn't a nightly curfew for everyone to follow or strictly limited communications. Regulations weren't as tight as they had been several years ago in the height of the war. There wasn't that feeling of impending doom every time the news was posted.

Even so, she wasn't sure it was happening the way it should have. Maybe she was too naïve, but it didn't feel right. It didn't feel fair.

Ginny made inquiries about the rebuilding, the newly minted laws and the shape of the new Wizarding World that was rising around them. She remembered how horrible it had been, the dread that she woke up every day with. She remembered the way that law and order could so easily fall into chaos. She didn't know how everyone else could forget so easily, could brush everything aside and believe the empty promises from the Ministry. The more she inquired, the more she learned that regulations were as tight as they used to be, and activities were as limited as they used to be – for Slytherins and former Death Eaters only. No one else was singled out quite so sharply.

She wasn't sure she liked what she saw.

She saw the way the former Death Eaters were being treated, the way the world was reforming into just as narrow-minded and cynical place as it had been before. She had to do something. She just didn't know what.

Ginny had gone to Muggle London hoping to get away from the Wizarding World for a while and sort out her thoughts. This was new territory for her. Sure, a Weasley was known for bucking some trends, but that tended to be pranks rather than policy making. She certainly didn't have the knowledge enough to do it and she didn't have the cachet on her own to make anyone change their set opinions.

At least in Muggle London, she was any other girl. She could sit in a comfortable café and ponder her thoughts over tea that had rapidly gone cool. She could try to puzzle out her next step, even if she hadn't the foggiest idea what it would be. But no Prophet reporter would find her in such a place and happily conclude that she was pining over Harry Potter. That was the farthest thing from the truth. She had tried, really she did, but it wasn't meant to be. Like everything else from her childhood, that dream just hadn't measured up to the reality of the thing. Just as he wasn't truly capable of shaping the government, he wasn't truly capable of being there for anyone else just after the war.

Ginny ignored it when a shadow fell over the table. Wait staff in this café was fairly particular, and she had been sitting there for some time alone.

"Hullo. Is this seat taken?"

Ginny looked up, the voice sounding awfully familiar. The sight of Draco Malfoy was startling to say the least. He was lithe and taller than she remembered, with blond hair so light it was nearly white. His eyes were a flat gray, and he was dressed impeccably in Muggle clothes. He looked as if he belonged in this world, in this café, and she was merely pretending. She was suddenly very aware of her Weasley red hair, her brown eyes and the freckles across her nose. She was aware that she didn't know as much about Muggles as he always assumed that she did because of her father's obsession with their gadgets.

He seemed to expect some kind of response, so she merely nodded slowly. She didn't know what to say. He had never talked to her at school, really. Weasleys had always been beneath his notice, and what little had gone her way was always acrimonious. Then again, her interactions with him hadn't been any better. It was hardly an auspicious start.

He sat down beside her. "This is probably the best café on this street, did you know that?"

"I hadn't known that," Ginny temporized, trying to figure out what was happening. He was being polite to her when he didn't have to? "It's my first time at this café."

"Ah. I come here all the time. Lovely biscuits, too." He signaled for one of the wait staff to arrive and take his order for tea and biscuits. Ginny kept her mouth shut, though she noted the ease in his movements and the utter comfort he had with Muggle convention. How had that happened? No one knew about it, surely.

"So you frequent Muggle London?" she asked, not sure of what to say.

"It's nice to be somewhere and not be known for someone else's achievement, isn't it?" he asked mildly. He grimaced slightly. "Or unachievement, as the case may be."

She was acutely aware of the gossip about him, that the Prophet columns always gleefully raked him over the coals for his callous treatment of his society girlfriends. Their pictures were always tearful, even if they could never bring themselves to call him more than a rake.

"So why are you off in Muggle London? I would have thought you'd be tucked away somewhere safe, everything all settled."

"Except it's not, is it?" Ginny replied without thinking. She looked down at her cold tea as the waiter returned with Draco's tea and biscuits, which he generously offered to share with her. She took one, taking a small bite out it. "What's this about, Malfoy? It's not as if we've ever really talked at school. It can't be about catching up."

His gray eyes were almost silver in color, Ginny realized. Shadows seemed to drift in and out of them, and that quicksilver look must have been what drew in all those society girls. He was handsome and he had a reputation, and it must have been maddening to have that attention focused on them.

"Perhaps I'd like to rectify that," Draco answered, voice soft. "Perhaps I want to know more. I'm left wondering why someone would want to be anonymous when the spotlight shining on her is always so positive."

"We were never friends. We never really talked."

He shrugged and sipped his tea. "So why not start now? Why not tell me one thing that's true that isn't on the Wireless or in the Prophet. One true thing."

"This isn't the way it's supposed to be," Ginny found herself saying. She almost wanted to kick herself when she heard herself speaking, but it was far too late to take back the words. "They promise us everything and deliver nothing, and we're supposed to be grateful."

Whatever he had been expecting her to say, that wasn't it. She could see the surprise in his silver eyes, the blink as he tried to recover himself. "That's not something most people would say," he temporized, reaching for a biscuit.

"Life is supposed to be better, isn't it? We're not supposed to be afraid anymore, we're not supposed to want any better. The war was supposed to fix things." Ginny leaned forward in her chair as she warmed to the topic. "But nothing's changed, really, not how it counts. The way things are going, it never will."

"That sounds dangerously like treason," Draco remarked slowly.

Ginny froze in the midst of taking a bite of biscuit, eyes wide. Every freckle across her nose stood out, and she didn't know what to think. The biscuit suddenly tasted like bile in her mouth, and she could barely even swallow it.

Draco took pity on her. "You didn't know how that would sound, did you?" Ginny couldn't breathe, and merely shook her head. "Not that you're wrong, of course," Draco continued in that mild tone of his. It was as if they were discussing any old thing and not governmental injustices, which seemed all kinds of odd to Ginny. If the situation had happened to anyone else, she would think it was a joke. But she knew how paranoid the government could be now. She knew how badly it would look.

"This is assuming that I meant anything by it," Ginny said, once she was able to swallow the piece of biscuit. Her voice sounded weak and hollow to her own ears. "We're just talking, and it doesn't really mean anything. Nothing can be proven."

Draco's grin was almost blinding, and Ginny could feel her stomach drop down to her toes. Her stomach roiled almost painfully, and her chest was so tight she could barely breathe. The last time she felt this way was during the final battle at Hogwarts, just after seeing her brother's dead body in the hallway. It hurt, and she couldn't even begin to explain why.

"Isn't that the way change starts, though?" he offered gently. "And if you're serious about it, by the way, there are better things to do."

"What do you mean?"

"Come now," Draco replied. There was a mocking edge to his tone. "You're shaking, Weasley. You look ready to fall apart at the seams. That's hardly what a revolutionary should look like, is it?" She watched incredulously as he sipped his tea. "If you really want to start changing things, you should know what you're doing so you don't look so terrified."

"So how's it done, then?" she challenged. She could have kicked herself again, but her mouth seemed to be working without her brain's input.

"Well, first thing is, you'd best know what you're talking about. What do you want changed? How do you want to go about it?" He leaned back in his chair and nibbled delicately on a biscuit as if they were discussing the weather. His smile was soft. "Or are you simply going to sit there and talk and do nothing?"

"Oh, and you'd do anything about it?"

"I'd stand something to gain, wouldn't I?" he answered softly.

"I don't see you harmed right now," Ginny replied tartly, thinking of the gossip columns.

His face darkened. "No, you wouldn't."

Ginny could tell she had stepped over an invisible line, but didn't know how she could have done so. She watched helplessly as he stood up. "If you're serious and not just playing, come back this time next week," Draco told her. His voice carried a steely edge to it. She watched as he dropped Muggle money on the table, enough to cover their tea and biscuits. "If you're not serious, if you're only talk, don't bother."

He left without looking back, leaving Ginny to wonder if this was the next step she had been hoping for after all.
***
***