It was inevitable, and Megatron could honestly say he was surprised it took this long to get out.

All the Autobots in the Ark knew he was there, and knew he was Prime’s slave. Those facts would have been impossible to keep quiet. However, only Prime, Ironhide, the medic and scientists knew exactly what that meant.

Until now.

Megatron had heard their voices before he got to the corner, but that didn’t bother him. He did not hide from these Autobots, and he did not pretend to be cowed by them either. He was under orders not to harm them, and really, he had fun fritzing Red Alert and bantering with Ratchet. Killing the little pests would probably end that, then he’d be even more bored.

Turning the corner, they pulled up short. Two minibots, the timid sharpshooter, and the red menace that liked to tackle Megatron’s seekers in midair.

Sideswipe hooked his arm around a pink-faced Bluestreak’s waist, and walked past with a disgusted sneer on his face. Gears grumbled something too low for Megatron to pick up, and followed. Megatron rolled his optics. As if they could be any more sickened by his interfacing Optimus Prime than Megatron already was himself.

Cliffjumper stood still as Megatron moved past him, puny little fists on his hips. Megatron smirked.

“You aren’t worthy to be with Prime!” 

No slave is worthy enough for their master, the coding whispered. Megatron bit back a grimace at the sudden thought, and let a dangerous smile curve his lips. This pathetic little moron was not going to add to his humiliation. “Jealous?” Megatron purred. The minibot growled, and Megatron noticed the other three had stopped as well. “Would you like me to describe it for you? You can fantasize later that it’s you under your precious Prime.”

Cliffjumper’s face was contorted with rage. Megatron didn’t bother holding back his amused grin, and leaned down, lowering his voice to a conspiratorial tone. “Would you like to know what he sounds like when he overloads? How do you imagine he is? Gentle? Dominating? Maybe you want to hear how he throws me to the berth and ravishes me until my vocalizer gives out from my screams?”

Cliffjumper looked ready to explode. Megatron crouched down. “Or maybe you just want simple dimensions? Would you like to know how big Prime’s spi-“

Megatron let himself fall back as Cliffjumper punched him in the face. He was laughing even as the minibot rained blow after blow all over him. Only one or two of the hits were actually anywhere near uncomfortable, and those were easily ignored.

Whatever Cliffjumper was snarling and screaming was incoherent with the exception of this or that foul word. By the time Ironhide, Prowl, and Prime appeared, Megatron was gasping with laughter, barely able to brush Prime off, and snickering that such a puny drone couldn’t hope to harm him.

It wasn’t until Prime had dragged him into his quarters by an elbow, snapped at him to stay there and out of trouble, that he felt anything other than delirious glee. It was the tone of command. The fact that Prime was angry, that had his systems in sudden upheaval. The coding was whispering all manner of stern reproach at him. A buzz that bordered on genuine pain left Megatron panting.

Traitorous whispers in his mind said he should be on his knees when Prime returned. Said he should show his master how sorry he was, while heat brushed his circuits under the pain.

Megatron clenched his fists, shaking his head as if he could throw the thoughts from his mind. He wasn’t sorry. He hadn’t started that fight, and he’d be damned to the smelters if he was going to tuck tail, and scurry away from some miniature Autobot! Or anyone!

And if Prime wanted him on his knees he could order him there!

The pain intensified, but Megatron forced it aside, and picked up his latest book file, doing his best to ignore the shaking.