Megatron growled as he woke from the forced recharge.

“Oh, don’t bother pouting to me,” Ratchet said from off to Megatron’s left. “I’m a real medic, not some back alley wire splicer. I don’t leave my patients awake for painful repairs.”

Choosing not to dignify the pouting comment with a response, Megatron glared at Ratchet. “I can assure you my tolerance of pain is well beyond what you pathetic Autobots-“

“Save it, Buckethead.” Megatron’s mouth dropped open a little in shock before he could completely stifle the response. Ratchet smirked. “My medbay, my rules. Leader of the Decepticons, Prime, warrior, or slave. When you’re in my ‘bay, I’m in charge. And don’t think you’re getting treated any different now because I think I can get away with it since you’re a slave.” Megatron bit back a growl at the continued use of the word ‘slave’, fairly sure the medic was goading him regardless of what he said.

“I’ve informed Prime of his, shall we say, unique responsibilities to you now. He’s off debating with the other officers about where to keep you without telling them why you need to be kept close, and not in our security monitored brig.”

“I don’t particularly see what it matters whether he tells them or not,” Megatron said. Leave it to Prime to try and save his worst enemy some dignity. He snorted, sitting up. “I would, however, have enjoyed watching you inform Prime of his… unique responsibilities.”

Ratchet’s optics narrowed. “Hide knows, and still wants you thrown in the brig to suffer. I’m not entirely sure I disagree, but I know how to pick my battles with Prime. His mind is made up. He’s just got to convince the others it’s for the best, and how it’s going to be.”

“If our positions were reversed-“

“Starscream would be telling you that you’re not fit to be a master to a slave, and the other ‘Cons would be cheering you on to rape Prime within an inch of his life. Yes, I know.” Ratchet flapped a hand at Megatron in airy dismissal. “News flash. Prime’s not you. Autobots are not Decepticons. Here we like to understand command decisions, rather than follow blindly.”

He ignored the hypocrisy of that last statement, and focused on a different issue. “You seem to be picking up a habit of interrupting me,” Megatron said, voice dangerous and low.

Ratchet raised an optic ridge, looking thoroughly unimpressed. “I could make it so you can’t talk at all. You were told to obey me.”

Megatron snarled, but the medbay door opened. Prime entered, looking rather worn. He looked to Ratchet, asking, “His repairs are complete?”

Ratchet nodded. “There’re some minor dings still, and his coding seems to be settling out still, but his self-repair has it all well in hand. He’s all yours.”

Prime sighed, and Megatron began to wonder if the mech was capable of any other form of expression. “Come, Megatron. I’ll show you to my quarters.”

Megatron obeyed, annoyed on top of everything else that Prime let his own officers badger him to weariness. True, Starscream was obnoxious, and Soundwave would speak up if he, on the very rare occasion, suspected Megatron might be making a mistake. However, when Megatron said a decision was final, that was it. Prime was weak.

A wave of discomfort rolled across Megatron’s circuits, and he once again forced back his rage. There was precious little he could control at the moment, but his own reactions were top among them. This damnable programming was not going to break him so fast. He was not an ignorant youngling anymore.

Prime punched in a code, and a door slid open. He waved Megatron in first, the door shutting behind them.

Prime’s quarters were a bit of a surprise. Self-sacrificing twit that Prime was, Megatron had expected it to be austere and lacking in simple comfort. Instead he noted a large desk with its comfortable looking chair in a corner. There were a number of shelving niches, all full of book files. Two more chairs faced one another over the top of a low, small table, and there were a good number of collected items throughout the space.

“Through there is my berth, and then off the side of that is a private washrack,” Prime said. He seemed to fidget, and Megatron let a grin curl across his mouth. “Ratchet explained the coding would, um, require I overload you.”

“Do you even know what an overload is?” Megatron snickered.

Prime’s optics narrowed into a glare. “Quite well. How often am I going to have to do this?”

Megatron shrugged, wandering the edges of the room, trailing his fingers over a small crystal cluster. “You don’t actually have to do it at all.”

“Ratchet said it would hurt you. That eventually your systems would shut down, and you would offline permanently.”

Megatron looked back over his shoulder at Prime. “Exactly.”

Prime shook his head. “I have no desire to see you suffer into deactivation.” Megatron turned back to the book files he now stood before, picking this or that one out, curious what Prime found worthy enough of reading to bring from Cybertron in their initial exodus. He heard a sigh from behind him, and smirked. “I’ll try to make it good for you,” Prime said, and Megatron shut his optics, and inhaled in an effort to keep his temper contained. This hesitant, and likely blushing under that damnable mask, mechling was his new master?!

“The science team has assembled,” Prime said before Megatron could tell him not to bother. It wasn’t as if his previous master gave a frag about Megatron’s pleasure. The overload was merely the inevitable reaction to physical stimulus and the program requiring it. The pain was in being denied the release.

“You may read whatever you like, recharge. If you want, the vidscreen is set to the local entertainment channels. Stay in my quarters, and don’t break anything.”

Megatron sneered at the idea of watching human entertainment, but schooled his features blank as he turned to face Prime. “Yes, Prime.”

Prime shook his head, and left, the door beeping as it locked.

Megatron pulled a few more book files, but none of them were of any interest. Autobot so-called ‘Golden Age’ history, and political thesis. He snorted. Propaganda. A glossy, surface view of Cybertron that had only existed for the wealthy and elite.

Like his previous master.

Bored, and trying to distract himself from his currently impotent rage, Megatron went to inspect the rest of Prime’s quarters. The washrack was fairly standard for a ship of the Ark’s class, but the berth was large. Megatron sat on it, optic ridge arching at just how plush it was. He lay back, gaze sweeping the room, and noting more knickknacks and personal items.

The berth was very comfortable.

Megatron was already succumbing to recharge when he realized he was obeying his master’s suggestion.