The New Rules
By SuperEvil

Chapter 36

“What?! Oh my god, Paul!” Lauren shrieked as she made a futile attempt to conceal her already exposed body. She had just reached the halfway point down the stairs when she realized her older brother and two of his male friends were seated in the living room area with a clear overview of the steps. The two young college age men had just gotten a completely unobstructed view of the 13-year-old’s bare, naked body, as she hadn’t noticed them until right this moment. Lauren was meant to be grounded from her clothes for the next two weeks, but that was a moot point now anyway. Her mom had adopted the new rules wholeheartedly after the explanation of how they would be of benefit to Lauren and her older sister from that annoying boy and classmate of hers, Adam Larson, last night at the Feminudist meeting. Now she, her sister, and her mom were all going to be going naked at home full time, much to little Lauren's chagrin.

“Hey Lauren. Whatcha you doin’?” Her brother asked, half in surprise and half way smirking, giving a quick glance to his two companions to see their reaction. The two young men looked upon the naked 13-year-old with absolute wonder, confused as to why the girl was wearing absolutely nothing but the hair ties that made pigtails out of her long blonde hair.

Lauren blushed deeply as she saw her brother's friends take an extended look at her naked body. She had been told explicitly by her mother that covering up was completely out of the question, and that she would face even more severe punishment if caught covering any part of her young privates from view when naked. A fact she knew her brother had been informed of as well. “I'm, um, going to, um, get some, um, breakfast.” The younger girl squirmed with embarrassment as she struggled against her instincts to cover herself, to preserve her modesty, but eventually her modesty won out. The little blonde girl put one hand down in between her legs to cover her sex, and then put her other arm over her exposed nipples and budding breast tissue. Then she scooted off into the kitchen before the boys could say anything more to her, giving them a short view of her firm, yet jiggling behind as she ran away; still a slight pink color from the spanking she had received last night at the hands of Adam Larson as well.

Both of the young men were still a bit in shock about witnessing the younger girl's nudity. “Was that your sister?” One asked.

“Dude, why was she naked!?” The other one continued.

In the kitchen, Lauren was grabbing herself a bowl and a spoon for some cereal, still feeling totally humiliated about her total exposure to the two young men. As she sat down, she realized that she could still hear her brother and his friends talking to each other. Talking about her, and about the new rules.

“My mom is all in on this new thing called Feminudism.” Her brother continued the conversation in the living room. “I guess the main thrust of their belief system is that girls benefit from going naked at home and as much as possible.”

“Damn, dude, that sounds awesome!”

“I thought your sister was older? How come she had no tits?” Lauren squirmed in her seat, hearing first-hand confirmation that her brother's friends had been checking out her naked body. A part of her felt hot and bothered, slightly aroused at the fact that three men had just viewed her in all of her glory. But a much larger part of her felt mortified to know that her privates were going to be scrutinized by pretty much everyone that saw her at home from now on, along with anywhere else her mother deemed it appropriate for her to be naked. How Lauren wished she could have large tits like her older sister, just so that the shame of showing them wouldn’t sting as hard, but alas she was practically still flat chested even at 13.

“You're thinking of Susana. That was Lauren, my youngest sister.” Her brother explained.

“I thought she was kinda cute.”

“Dude, she's only just turned 13!” She could hear the annoyance in her brother's voice as he chastised the other young man about her age. Lauren was happy that Paul would stick up for her this way. It was a bit of a contrast from the smug looks he had been giving to her and her sister last night after the announcement of the rules by their mom.

The three Gardner females had all arrived home nude from the Feminudist meeting. Lauren and Susana already knew what was coming, having already been informed by their mom in the car ride home that they were adopting the new Feminudist rules right away. Both girls had tried to protest, but their mom refused to hear their complaints, reminding them of what had happened to Lauren when she had tried not to comply with her mother's wishes last night. She explained that this would help to bond the sisters together even stronger in their shared femininity and nudity.

Lauren could still remember what it felt like as she, Susana, and their mother all stood naked in front of the males of the Gardner family, her father, and brother, as her mother explained the new rules to them. She thought it was totally unfair that she had to be naked just because she was a girl. That her privates were no longer going to be regarded as private. That every bit of her flesh had to be on show. That her very existence as a girl meant she deserved no privacy, while her older brother got to sit there in his clothes with a big grin on his face, enjoying watching his sisters squirm about their nudity and the new status quo. She was even more mortified to learn that her sister and her masturbation would no longer be allowed to be done in private either, but had to be done in the living room where the whole family could monitor and observe. It felt absolutely unfair to the young girl. A complete injustice!

Her father had just sat there listening to her mother's spiel, with a stoic look upon his face, only speaking once she was through with the entire thing. “You believe that this is the best thing for the girls, Ellie?” He asked, his one and only question. Their mother simply nodded, and so it was decided, without any real input from the very girls, that this would affect the most. From this day forward, the Gardner household was a Feminudist household, and the Gardner females would all be nude.

Lauren was broken from her thoughts as one of her brother's friends asked, “Think we can stick around for a quick peek at Susana?”

“I think we better be going, guys.” Was her brother's reply.

“You boys don't have to be going yet, do you?” Ellie Gardner announced her presence as she strutted her way down the stairs in front of the young men. It had been a while since she had felt this feminine and attractive as she did now under the new rules. Last night she and her husband had enjoyed each other's company in the master bedroom to the fullest extent of the word, something that had been lacking for quite a while in their marriage up until now. If she had known that all it would take to get her husband's motor running again was showing off her bare skin, then she would have done it ages ago.

She has just spent the better part of an hour shaving off every last bit of her pubic hair. A recommendation she had received from Mrs. Larson at the meeting last night. Mrs. Larson had explained to the women of the group that neither they nor their daughters would experience the full benefits of Feminudism unless their full sex was on display, and even a bit of modest hair down there could interfere with that. Susana was in the bathroom right now, finishing up her own hair removal.

Nude, just like her daughters were expected to be, the woman placed her hands on her hips and stood with her legs about a foot apart when she reached the bottom of the stairs, and she swayed her hips back and forth a bit, in order to show off her freshly shaved womanhood to them.

“Hey, Mrs. G!” One of the young men gave the woman a bright smile, checking out her naked body with no shame or subtlety about what he was doing. “Lookin' good!”

Mrs. G. couldn't help blushing at all the attention she was suddenly receiving, despite herself. “Good morning, Zachary.” She replied in a humble tone. She had known these two boys for practically their whole lives, Zachary and Jason, as they had been friends with her son from almost the very beginning of his, but never in her wildest dreams had she imagined she would ever be naked in front of either one of them. “Good morning, Jason.”

“Morning, Mrs. Gardner.” Came Jason's reply. He seemed to be blushing almost as much as the naked woman about the situation, but at the same time unable to take his eyes off of her naked body either.

“Have you, uh, seen your sister?” She asked, trying to hold on to her composure in front of the boys, as she thought of them. Being nude in front of people, young men, that she knew and had known for quite some time was a lot more nerve wracking than she had expected. She shivered a little, fighting her own instincts to cover up her privates as the boys stared.

“Lauren? She went to the kitchen to get breakfast.” Paul explained, feeling a bit uncomfortable about his own mother's nudity in this case as well. If it was only my sisters, he thought to himself, but then put that thought out of his head as he knew that wasn't the way things worked with Feminudism. He was at least aware of one benefit, and that was that any young lady he invited over would be expected to get nude as well. He was looking forward to seeing if he could get any of the girls he had known in high school to come over before he had to head back to his college dorm.

“Thank you, Paul.” His mom answered back, blushing one more time for each of the boys, before she went into the kitchen herself to find her young daughter.

Susana was just finishing up her feminine grooming in the upstairs bathroom and heading out into the hallway, when she bumped into her father. "Hi, daddy…"

“Oh, uh, good morning, Susana.” He said, eyeing his nude daughter up and down almost automatically. “You uh, shaved…” The words left his mouth before he even had a chance to think about what he was commenting on.

Susana blushed greatly as her own father took a look at her newly bare sex. “Um, yes daddy. Mom said I had to. It's, uh, a very important part of Feminudism, I guess.” Everything inside the girl told her to cover up her privates with shame in front of her father, but she knew that an action like that would probably lead to more trouble for her than it was worth.

“I see…” Her father responded gruffly, not sure what to make of this situation. It was still very hard for him to see his eldest daughter in such an undressed state.

“Mom shaved too.” Susana said quickly, feeling like she needed to justify her actions more.

“I'll have to check it out…” The man said, before his face went red at the implications of his statement. He quickly rushed into the bathroom to get ready for work.

Susana, feeling mortified about the whole conversation with her father, thought it would be best to seek refuge downstairs, away from him. Unfortunately for her, Paul and his friend were all still hanging in the living room, and she didn't realize until she reached the bottom of the stairs.

“Holy crap!” Zachary exclaimed as soon as he laid eyes on the buxom redhead. “She’s glorious!!” Susana just stood there in front of them like a deer caught in the headlights, looking wide-eyed at the three young men as they took in every last inch of her exposed naked body. The three young men continued to just stare at the naked 16-year-old, while she just stood there, unsure what to do with herself.

“Good, Susana. Let's see how you did.” Her mom came out of the kitchen soon after, leading the youngest Gardner girl out as well with a firm hand on her shoulder. The little blonde didn't look very happy for what was about to happen.

“Mom?” Susana asked, her nerves on fire. She kept glancing back and forth between the three men and her mom and sister as they both approached her.

“Your shaving. I want to see how you did. Spread your legs open and tilt your pelvis up, so I can get a better look.”

“Mom, but…” Susana complained, but then let out a short sigh, complying with her mom's inspection request. She spread her legs open and tilted her hips up with her hands, just as her mom had said to do. She was just thankful that she was facing perpendicular to the guys, and that they could not see her pussy so explicitly exposed at that very moment.

“Good job.” Her mom said, leaning slightly forward to get a closer view of her daughter’s former private part. She looked to little Lauren next. “You’re very lucky you haven’t begun growing any hair down there yet, young lady. Means you get the chance to sleep in a little longer in the mornings than your sister and I do.” She laughed.

“Mom! Not in front of…” Lauren complained, looking towards her brother and his friends.

“Hush, Lauren. You have nothing to be ashamed about.” Her mother scolded.

“I don’t want them to know I can’t grow any hair yet!” Lauren whined and pouted.

Her mom wrapped her in a hug. “Don’t worry, Lauren. It’s a trait that runs in our family. Why, I don’t think I started growing hair down there until I turned 14, and you saw how much I can grow now. Yours will come in someday.” She looked to her oldest daughter again. “Susana, how old were you when you finally started getting pubic hair?”

Susana’s eyes went wide at her mom’s embarrassing question. “Ummm…” She gulped, “13, I think?…”

“See, just wait another year or two, and I bet you’ll be growing tons of hair.” The woman patted the blonde girl on her head. “Not that you need it anyway. In a Feminudist household, all females are to keep their vulva clean-shaven.”

“Mom, stop!” Lauren squirmed her way out of her mom’s arms, not liking being patted on the head in front of everyone this way. She then folded her own arms and pouted at her mom for what she had just done, treating her so un-grownup and childlike.

“Fine, fine…” Her mom huffed, but moved on. “You know what time it is anyway.” Lauren almost became white as a sheet, while Susana and the boys just looked at the woman with confusion. “It’s time for your first communal at home masturbation session, girls.” Lauren had already been told about the masturbation session before coming out of the kitchen, but Susana and the young men were all taken aback.

“Masturbation!?” This time, the exclamation came from one of the young men, Jason.

“That’s right.” Mrs. Gardner gave the three boys a large grin. “A big part of Feminudism is demystifying the female body and demonstrating that female sexuality is not something to be ashamed of or feared by girls, and by boys too. That’s why the girls will be masturbating in a communal area of the house from now on, and are required to ask all of those in the house to come watch them complete their task.”

“Mom…” Susana’s face was turning just about as red as her hair. “Paul lives here, so he already knows, but did you really have to tell the other guys? Can’t we wait ‘til they go?”

“Nonsense,” Mrs. Gardner proclaimed. “I’m sure the boys won’t mind sticking around to watch you girls masturbate. You both need to get used to doing this in front of an audience anyway. You never know who might be over and watching you next time. The sooner, the better, I always say.”

“Why don’t you have to do it with us?!?” Lauren complained with a glare at her mom.

“Because, honey, I already satisfied those needs with your father last night.”

“Ew!” “Mom!” “Gross!” The three Gardner children complained, one after the other.

“How do you think the three of you got here?” Their mom said, placing her hands on her hips, and giving them all an incredulous look. “Alright, enough stalling, girls. Get on with it.”

Lauren knew there was no use in arguing. Not after last night. Not after her spanking. She simply brought her right hand down to start rubbing her little sex, trying not to focus on the fact that she was once again doing something so shameful in front of an audience. “Not even in the mood anyway…” she mumbled, under her breath, rolling her eyes and scowling about the whole situation.

“What was that, young lady?”

“Nothing, mom…” Lauren said, her expression changing from pouting to worry in an instant.

Susana soon joined her younger sister, standing shoulder to shoulder with her, as both girls hand furiously rubbed the area between their legs, facing the three young men. Those three young men, one being the girls' very own brother, just watched on with wide-eyed rapture. They had only ever seem something like this in porn, two girls masturbating together, never in person like this. Despite both girls clearly feeling shame for what they were doing, they were also clearly aroused to be doing it in front of an audience, and together as well. Both girls' nipples were already taut and hard, and their pussies were tingling quite a bit, just from being naked in front of the young men. The two girls were also watching one another closely, copying the actions of the other sister. Susana started massaging one of her large breasts, and so Lauren followed suit, pawing at her own small breast bumps. Lauren began pinching her nipples, and so Susana did so as well. Susana spread her moist pussy lips open in order to reach her clit more easily, and Lauren did the same. One sister began to moan and hump her hips, and the other sister was doing it right along with her. The two sisters were practically in sync as they arrived near to their climax. They both had a considerable amount of wetness seeping out of their horny slits by the time they were almost through.

Before either girl could orgasm, however, the doorbell suddenly rang. “I'll see who it is.” Their mom said, rushing over to the door to see who could possibly be calling now. Both girls were too engrossed in their masturbation to even register that the doorbell had gone off.

Suddenly, just as Lauren was about to reach the pinnacle of her climax, she opened her eye wide as she heard her own name being spoken right in front of her. “Lauren?”

“Robert!” Lauren climaxed hard. Harder than she had ever done before, and collapsed down to the wooden floor because of that, writhing and convulsing in pleasure and shock. Then her eyes rolled into the back of her head at the sudden realization that her crush had been standing right in front of her for who knows how long, as she was blissfully pleasuring herself, and subsequently twitching on the floor, and she passed out cold.
