Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues 
(Texts from Last Night) 
Expanded Version

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…for the fist part... unbetaed for alternate ending.
Cue: "I am not having sex with guys at the moment…"
Warning: Reno is well, Reno, and is still trying to get Cissnei in bed. With all new ending in this one.
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 Fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Reno and Cissnei
POV: Cissnei

Tongue
Expanded Version

Cissnei was getting annoyed. Reno just was not taking 'no' for an answer. He had been repeatedly asking her for a date. She had no interest whatsoever in the pesky redhead that always seemed to create extra work for her. She found his slang and sloppy manner of dress far from attractive.

I can take ya out to the Gold Saucer and we can see a play there, yo. I hear that they have wonderful packages for the Haunted Hotel," Reno said as he leaned into her as they walked down the hallway. He tried to give, what she had assumed was supposed to be, a charming smile.

The prior evening out offering had been escalating. The first was dinner, it then moved to dinner and a movie, and then increased to a dinner at Monteno's after a music concert.

She gave him a push to his shoulder to get him to back off. She did not like the heavy smell of cigarettes that always hung around him. "Listen, Reno." She stopped walking, squared her shoulders and looked him directly in the eyes. Saying 'no', 'not interested', and 'go to hell' hadn't worked, so she was going to try a different tactic. "I am not having sex with guys at the moment, so you can stop asking."

Reno's smile faltered and he looked a little taken aback.

i~finally!~ /i

She started to walk again, leaving the slightly disappointed-looking Reno behind. She didn't want to be late for the meeting with Tseng. She opened the meeting room door to see that she was the last to arrive.

i~~all thanks to Reno~/i~

Reno cleared his throat loudly and she looked back at him, as he was still standing in the hallway. "Yo, that's all right. I can pretend to be a girl if ya want. I have a tongue."

Cissnei could hear some chucking come from the meeting room and she saw Tseng raise an eyebrow at the redhead's comments. Reno was looking rather smug. She felt her face flush briefly with embarrassment before the anger took over again.

She didn't bother to close the meeting room door as she turned on her heel and walked back towards Reno. Reno straightened himself up and his smug smile grew larger.

She heard her name coming from the meeting room and pretty sure it was a Tseng telling her not to do anything rash.

"I knew ya'd come around eventually," Reno said as she stood in front of him. He stuck out his tongue as if to demonstrate how he would use it.

She restrained from pulling it out of his mouth.

She took a calm breath before she placed her hands calmly on his shoulders. "You know Reno," she said, using her best calm and sweet voice. Reno leaned into her slightly and rested his hands on her hips. She did her best to remain calm and not act to quickly.

i~~this is taking all my training not to loose control~/i~

She leaned close to his ear and whispered. "I would love to take you up on that offer."

The redheaded menace's eyes grew larger and so did his smile. "You're place or mine, babe?"

"But first," she said, gripping his shoulders more firmly. "You need to become more of a girl?"

Reno leaned back slightly and gave her a confused look. She let the thoughts sink into his brain. "Ya wan' me ta where a dress?"

Cissnei smiled and refrained from shuttering.

i~~Reno in drag is terrifying thought~/i~

"No, silly," she said still keeping her voice as sweet as she possibly could as she leaned a little closer, positioning herself a little closer to him. "I would need something a little more permanent."

Before the words could register in his smut filled brain she lifted her knee, as hard and as fast as she could. She connected firmly with the soft and very vulnerable male parts. She pushed him back so that he was no longer touching her. She watched with amusement as he rolled into the fetal position, clutching his groin and let out a rather high pitch moan.

i~~very satisfying~/i~

She heard some movement beside her and saw Tseng rubbing his forehead and looking down at the injured Turk. "Sorry, sir," she apologized to him. She wasn't sorry for hurting Reno, she was sorry for disturbing the meeting.

Tseng was looking at the writhing and groaning Turk on the floor. "Go to the meeting, Cissnei." He said simply. "I will take Reno to the infirmary."

"I am not having sex with guys at the moment./ I can pretend to be a girl if you want. I have a tongue." …full inspirational text

V2 ending inspired by frizzycrls' Dan.

Oh, and the Reno in drag thought, is Cissnei's thoughts ONLY….

(note... had some formatiing issues, centering was not working)