"You knew I had to work late tonight. That was the whole point of you watching our son."
"The thing is..."
Kat rolled her eyes at the phone, "No, Jake. The point is that you don't give a shit. Bring Sean to the office. I'll figure something out."
I officially give up, Katherine thought to herself. Impatiently, she pulled her hair up off her neck, twisted it and stuck her ink pen through it. When the office doors opened not two minutes after disconnecting the call with her ex, she wasn't surprised.
Her son, Sean, ran to her and wrapped both arms around her waist. Smiling, she bent down and kissed him on the head, "Hi, baby."
Eyes the same shape and color of brown as her own looked at her, "I missed you, Mommy."
"I missed you, too."
"Why is it that I never got a greeting like that?" Jake, Katherine's ex- husband said while leaning against the door frame.
Sarcasm dripped sweetly, "Because you always had something better to do."
"I'm willing to try again."
Katherine looked down at her son then back to Jake, "You know this isn't the time to discuss this." She bit her tongue to keep from pointing out that the mere thought made her skin crawl.
Mumbling under his breath he left. Katherine glanced at her watch and cringed. The contractor that she planned to hire would be here in about twenty minutes. Sean yawned, so she went to retrieve a blanket and pillow from the closet. She curled up on the couch with Sean, rubbing his back.
Clinton Davis could not believe his eyes. A woman with the sexiest curves he'd seen in a long time was sleeping with a little boy curled up to her. Unbelievably, he felt a stab of jealousy go through him.
Gently, Clint touched her arm. Dark brown eyes snapped open. He felt sucker punched when they focused directly on him. Clint realized he wanted this woman more than his next breath.
Beads of sweat broke out across his neck when her pink tongue licked her bottom lip. He couldn't stop himself from brushing a loose strand of hair from her face. He tucked it behind her ear and whispered, "You look busy."
Slowly she got up, making sure that the little boy didn't wake. Clint couldn't help but stare at her butt as she bent to gently kiss the sleeping child. She cleared her throat, "Sorry about that."
Trying to quell his lust, Clint nodded towards to little boy, "Your son?"
She nodded, "Sean's five years old." For a moment she stared at Sean, then, "You are Mr. Davis, correct?"
Clint clenched his fists to keep from reaching for her when she focused all of her attention on him again. He knew in his gut that she was special. It scared the shit out of him and he nodded mutely at her question. He knew in that moment that he had a choice to make. Walk away or stay. He stared into her dark brown eyes and knew that walking away was not going to happen.
She slowly extended her hand, "Thank you for coming, Mr. Davis. I'm Katherine Hardy." She shook his hand then turned to her desk, "Once I find my pen..."
Clint took his time checking her out. She was a little over five feet with curves that belonged in a centerfold. He also noticed that the pen in question was keeping her espresso colored hair pinned up. So, he walked up behind her, placed his hand on her hip and whispered against the shell of her ear, "I found your pen, Katherine."
It took all of his willpower to keep from pressing his body into hers from behind. When his hand touched her hair, she tilted her head back slightly. Her hair seemed to be as silky as the shirt she wore. Involuntarily, his hand squeezed her hip as he pulled the pen from her hair.
One, if not both, of them groaned as her hair fell in waves to the middle of her back. He could just imagine what it would feel like brushing his chest as she rode him. It took entirely too much strength to give her the pen.
She took a deep breath. Clinton was grateful that it took her a moment to regain her composure as well.
"Please be seated, Mr. Davis."
Clint chuckled, "You know what? Please call me Clint; especially after what I was doing to you in my mind. I insist."
Katherine smirked, "I should probably ignore that comment, Mr. ..., sorry. Clint."
Clint glanced over and looked at her sleeping son. Sean was softly snoring, so he turned back to Katherine. He leaned in and whispered against her cheek, "I'm not so sure you want to ignore what's between us. I know I don't."
A blush stained her cheeks and she clutched the edge of her desk. He decided to go for broke and kissed the corner of her slightly parted lips. His eyes closed as hers drifted shut. She said his name softly and he couldn't stop himself from settling his mouth on hers.
Katherine felt Clint softly nibble her bottom lip and she gasped. She vaguely heard his throaty chuckle right before his tongue slipped inside her mouth. Oh my God! The man could kiss. Then reality had a way of kicking you right in the butt. Her phone rang.
Trying to catch her breath and look anywhere but at him, she covered her mouth. What in the hell did I just do??? She was at a loss to know what to say or do next. Sure, he kissed her, but she shouldn't have let him.
She was about to apologize or say anything, her mouth barely opened and Clint pressed his finger against her lips, "Katherine, don't say it. I'm not sorry and I refuse to believe you are." He pointed at her still ringing phone, "Answer it."
Walking around her desk, she took a couple of deep breaths. Finally, she answered the phone, "Katherine Hardy." She nodded and made all of the right noises to her customer on the other end of the phone, assuring her, "Yes, ma'am. I've just met Mr. Davis. Once we fine tune some paperwork issues and get the material and labor estimated; we'll call you back."
After another minute or so of placating her customer, Katherine looked up at Clint. She felt mortified. Who kisses and practically jumps the man, albeit extremely sexy man, that you are interviewing? She could feel a heated blush cover her face and neck, "Clint...you know that shouldn't have happened, right?"
His clear blue eyes stared into her, "Shouldn't have happened? Okay, I'll give you that." Clint leaned down and braced his hands on her desk, "Will it happen again? Hell, yes."
She felt her mouth fall open in shock. Katherine didn't know whether she was completely pissed off by his statement or turned on. She quickly decided to go with pissed off. Pissed off was safer, "I wouldn't be so sure of that, Mr. Davis."
Clint wanted to rip something apart with his bare hands. After telling her point blank that he would in fact kiss her again, she decided to go all business-woman; did she really think that would stop the inevitable? His inner devil said, Hell no. I will do more than kiss those perfect lips again.
He was so lost in thought that he didn't realize she was talking to him. It was hard to think when she constantly nibbled on that full bottom lip, like she was doing right now waiting for him to answer a question he didn't know about.
Exhaling audibly, "I'm sorry. I am a little exhausted. Could you repeat that?"
"I forgot. You just flew in today, didn't you?"
"About two hours ago, actually; there were a few delays on the way." Why he pointed that out, he didn't know. Hell, maybe he could get some sympathy from her. When she bit her bottom lip again, he groaned, "Would you please stop that?"
Katherine looked confused, "What did I do?"
"If you don't want me to kiss you again, you have to stop biting your lip." He dropped his voice, "Hell, baby, I liked nibbling on it."
Katherine looked at him in shock. Sure, he was being forward. A long time ago, Clint found out that if you really wanted something to go for it right then, don't dick around about it. And Katherine Hardy was definitely what he wanted. He could just imagine all of the ways he wanted to take her petite body.
A sleepy little voice asked, "Mommy? Who's that?"
Clint watched as Katherine walked to her son and stooped beside him, "Sean, this is Mr. Davis. He's going to be the contractor working with me on Mrs. Dawson's house." Gently she nudged Sean towards Clint, "Can you say hello?"
Sean looked at him with those big dark eyes that matched Katherine's. Almost as if sizing him up, Sean's gaze captured his, "Hello, Mr. Davis. It's nice to meet you." When the little boy stuck his hand out to shake Clint's, Clint couldn't help but smile from ear to ear.