Adam got into the car and huddled up against the inside of the door, tried to think about nothing. Kris threw a sharp glance in his direction, kept looking at every stoplight, but Adam didn't care. He just wanted to get home, take a shower, and crawl into a dark hole. The coke was burning off; he was crashing, so it was all coming back, a sick weight in his stomach.

He barely noticed where Kris was driving, but jolted awake when they pulled up in front of Mrs. Hanlan's.

"Wait here," Kris said, commanding. "She's agreed to watch Katherine for a few hours."

"But it's late," Adam said. "I want to go home, just. Go home."

"Too bad."

Kris was back in no time, and he pulled the car out with a screech of tires, jaw clenched.

"What're we doing?" Adam didn't like how his voice sounded, kind of rough.

"Going somewhere for some fresh air. I think you need it."

Adam laughed. That was probably an understatement. He must have drowsed, because next thing he knew, they were pulling into a parking area on a bluff overlooking the beach. Sometimes he forgot it was even here. It was fully dark and pretty late, but there was a moon shining silver on the whitecaps. They were the only car in the lot, and Kris pulled in where they had a perfect view down to the beach and the water. He cut the engine.

"What the fuck?" Adam said.

Kris turned and looked at Adam. "I think you need a reality check."

Adam laughed. "Baby, I've got more than enough reality. I don't need any more fucking reality."

Kris shook his head and reached over to Adam's shirt, rubbed his fingers over it where it was wet from where Adam had tried to scrub the come stain out.

Adam flinched away. "Don't. And you don't get to say anything about my recreational activities, do you?"

"Okay," Kris said, then brought his hand up to Adam's neck, traced the bruise Adam could feel coming up. "Let's talk about this, then."

Adam tossed his head. "Some of us like amusements that aren't strictly vanilla."

Kris just looked at him. "Let's go for a walk."

"A walk! Jesus Christ. All I want is to take a shower and fucking go to sleep."

"Yeah, well, sometimes it's good to do something you don't want to do."

Adam sighed. It was eleven at night, they were at the fucking ocean, and he didn't have a car. He could fight it, but it would probably just be faster to humor Kris.

"Come on, there are steps down," Kris said.

Adam sighed and kicked off his boots. Kris led him down close to to the breakers, then motioned him to the sand. "Sit."

"Yes, sir." Adam tried to quirk a grin. "Maybe this will be fun after all, if you're giving me orders."

"Stop it." Kris sat down next to him, shoulders and hips pressed up warm against him. "Just. Just stop it. Just...look. Look at the ocean, the moon. Look around you."

"If this is some religious thing..."

Kris knocked into him, a check with his shoulders that wasn't fucking around.

"Okay, I'm looking."

"Good. Now shut up."

Adam sighed and shut up. It was quiet here, too quiet, except for the regular sound of the breakers. As his eyes adjusted he could see them clearly, marching to shore, inevitable. When he was a kid, he used to think about how the same water that hit the sand here stretched all the way to China, and how the waves had been pounding this coast for millions of years.

People were just a blip on the earth's timeline; he wasn't even a speck. He remembered having that same revelation at Burning Man. The expanse of the desert and the mind-freeing drugs, the sense of love everywhere, made it seem like everything was possible, that it was important to grab every minute during your time on this earth. Now, it was just depressing.

Adam felt Kris turn and look at him. He really didn't want to hear anything about any of it. "Listen," Kris said. "It's your life. But. But I think you want more. And I don't know why you let people treat you like shit, but maybe if you stopped treating yourself like shit it would be a step."

"I don't know what you're talking about. I'm perfectly happy with my life."

Kris smiled; Adam could see his face limned by moonlight. "I'd almost believe you, except I heard you sing that night."

Adam shook his head. His chest felt tight. "Don't."

"You don't have to tell me anything, but... I just. I think you're more than that, what you're doing." Kris touched Adam's neck again, fingers gentle.

Adam shut his eyes; Charlie hadn't been gentle tonight. It had scared Adam a little, honestly, because it wasn't like the games he sometimes liked; it was something else. "I kind of went off track," he murmured. "I'd been in Wicked for a long time, chorus boy. But they didn't like how I kept changing up the songs when I got to do lead once in a blue moon, and they didn't like my 'attitude.' Brad and I--"

"He's the one you were singing about?" Kris asked softly.

Adam nodded. It felt good to admit that to someone, after all this time. "Nothing worked. I recorded demos, songs, performed everywhere, but it just didn't go anywhere. I thought--My friends were going to take me to audition for Idol, summer before last. I'd had this crazy revelation at Burning Man. You know what that is?"

"Yeah. So you were going to go. But you didn't?"

"We almost got there. We had a flat tire on I-5, right before the cut-off over to San Francisco." Adam grimaced. "I was trying to stay positive, that was my revelation, you know? So I tried to hitch, find a bus. But it didn't work."

"Wow," Kris said softly.

Adam tossed his head. "I'm sure it just wasn't meant to be. I mean, the odds are ridiculous. It was just a, a thing I got in my head."

"Weird. I was supposed to try out that year, too." Kris sounded thoughtful.

"So why...Oh, wow, Katy," Adam realized. "Sorry."

"Nah, least of my problems. Like you said, not meant to be. I mean, me on Idol?" Kris laughed. "So, why, when you sang--What happened with Brad, because you sounded..."

"He was my first real relationship," Adam said, then laughed at Kris's face. "I was a late bloomer. Fat and weird and confused and bad skin in high school. Still have the skin. So when he--" Adam stopped, couldn't finish.

"He didn't come home?" Kris's voice was gentle.

"Yeah. When he didn't come home, not just once, I just. That, combined with everything else that hadn't worked, I just kind of gave up."

"Even though you'd do anything to be able to do music, your own music."

Adam's eyes stung. "Yeah." Adam looked at Kris; he didn't mind sharing that. They'd known that about each other for a while now.

"You ought to do it this summer."

"What?" Adam had lost the train of Kris's thought.

"Idol. Try out. I'll drive you."

Adam laughed. "I'm too old! There's no way."

"You just turned twenty eight. You'd be in under the cutoff."

"I'd turn twenty nine partway into the show, if I made it, which I wouldn't, because I'm 'theatrical,' aka gayer than Dorothy."

"Gokey did it at twenty nine."

Adam groaned. "Don't remind me."

"Just think about it. I just have a feeling," Kris said. "I mean, you're amazing."

"My biggest fan," Adam scoffed.

"Yeah. Yeah, I think I kind of am." Kris smiled. "Other than Danielle and Cass and your Mom and Dad and your brother and all your friends."

Adam couldn't help it; he smiled back. "Well, I'm yours. If I did it, which I won't, but if I did, you have to do it the next year. You have to promise. Otherwise, no deal."

"Like I said, the stuff I do doesn't exactly scream, 'American idol.'"

Adam grinned at him. "After me winning, you'd be exactly what they'd be looking for the next year. People always swing from year to year in what they want. And besides, you're crazy talented. Hot, too. People would eat you up."

Kris rolled his eyes and shook his head, but stuck his hand out. "Okay, if that's what it takes, I promise. Now shake on it."

Adam took his hand and they shook, solemn and ridiculous on the deserted beach. Adam didn't let go when they were done. Kris didn't either.

After a long time Kris sighed. "Okay, well, another day... We'd better get back."

Adam stood up first, then pulled Kris up by their clasped hands. Kris faltered a little and stood up really close to Adam. Really, really close. Right there, looking up at Adam.

Kris was absolutely gorgeous in the moonlight, hair fuzzy and eyes huge. He reached up again for the spot on Adam's neck and rubbed two fingers on the bruise. Adam shivered and had to draw in a quick breath.

"If you want to play games like that, that's one thing," Kris said, low and growly. "But if someone's getting off on treating you like shit, that's another."

Adam couldn't say anything, frozen under Kris's fingers. He had a sense-memory of Kris under his hands, back before any of this, their weird friendship. But it seemed like it would be something completely different now... completely different, and yet--not. His heart was beating kind of fast, thumping in his ears, and he felt a little jittery; maybe the coke crash still.

Kris was still touching him, looking up at him earnestly through his lush eyelashes.

Their eyes caught and held, and everything faded to gentle background; the moon, the sand, the breakers.

"I--We'd better go get Katherine," Kris whispered, still not moving.

"Yeah," Adam said. He didn't think he could move, though, with Kris's hand on his throat, Adam's heartbeat strong under his fingers.

"Okay, yeah." Kris finally moved his hand away, but Adam was the one to step back.

They were quiet all the way to Mrs. Hanlan's, and still silent when they got home. In the shower, Adam's hands lingered on his throat where Kris's fingers had touched him.

He rolled his eyes at himself and went to bed.

* * *

It took Adam four tries, because he kept hanging up, but he finally dialed the number. It was crazy that his hands were shaking, but it was stupid that he hadn't done it a long time ago, back when Brad had left countless messages on his phone, come by his place, sent notes through mutual friends.

"Cheeks here, can you handle it?"

Adam had to take a second to breathe. Brad's voice brought everything back.

"Is this a prank call? Because if so, you're doing it wrong, sweetie."

"Brad..."

There was silence.

"Brad, it's--"

"Adam?"

Adam couldn't get any words out; he felt himself getting choked up just hearing Brad's voice, so different than the California twink tone he'd answered the phone with.

"Adam, oh my god. Don't hang up."

"No. No, I won't, I just--"

"Baby. Oh, my god."

"I'm sorry," Adam blurted, then rolled his eyes at himself. "That was stupid. I'm just a little--"

"No, no, I'm sorry, that's what I wanted to tell you, all those times, you shit, you wouldn't even call me, you wouldn't talk to me. Though," he took an audible breath. "I get why. I mean, I'm an idiot, that's obvious, and also a cokehead and a ton of other things, but, Adam."

"Yeah. I just couldn't deal. I just--"

"Yeah, I know." There was silence for a moment. "I keep up with you, you know. Through Cass and everyone. Sorry about Wicked. That was fucked up."

Adam smiled. "That's okay. I. Brad, I didn't mean to cut you off, I just, I couldn't deal with it all."

"I obviously was a paragon of dealing well with things." Brad paused. "I was an idiot. You are a gem."

Adam sighed. "It was hard because it was so good, when it was good, you know?"

Brad's voice was still serious. "Yeah, it was." Adam heard him take a breath. "Listen, baby, those things I said, I didn't mean them, not any of them, you understand that? You're beautiful and crazy talented, and I was just scared I think, and stupid, not ready."

"Yeah, I get it, and I think--" Adam hadn't realized this until now, "I think maybe we're just too alike or something, somewhere deep down."

"Maybe so. There's nobody like you for me, though, there never will be." There was a pause.

Adam was not going to get choked up again. He wasn't.

Brad cleared his throat. "So, are you happy? What music are you doing? Met anyone? And to what do I owe the honor of the call, shithead, because I worry about you?"

Adam thought about it. "I don't know, really. It just seemed like it was time. And I thought--I don't know. Do you think we could be friends?"

"With benefits, maybe?"

Adam laughed and Brad laughed too, sparkly. It was good. This was good. He should have done it a long time ago. "I don't think that'd be a very good idea."

Brad sighed, exaggerated. "Oh, sweetie, it'd be a fabulous idea." He hummed. "But not really. Though it'd be fantastic, can you imagine?"

"Shut up!"

"So." Brad's tone switched to as close as he ever got to careful. "You want to meet for coffee or something?"

"Yeah. Yeah, I think I do. Maybe in a week or two? I'm kind of, kind of figuring some things out."

"Sure. It's a date. And Adam, I can't even--I'm so glad you called. So glad."

Adam sat in the car a few more minutes, just breathing. Kris had let him borrow it, and he had one more thing to do. He knew he was kind of rushing things, trying to do everything all at once, but really, that was who he was; Aquarius, storming the gates all in one go. And it was past time for what he was about to do.

When he got home, he tossed the keys to Kris, grinning. Kris raised an expressive brow.

"Quit my job at Charlie's," he tossed off airily.

Kris's eyebrow rose further.

"My ex-boss might not want to be seen in public for a few days. He'll be sporting a pretty nasty black eye. He didn't take it well when I quit," Adam tossed back over his shoulder, relishing Kris's open mouth.

When he came back out front, Katherine held up a unicorn. "I made up a unicorn princess story for you, Adam!"

Adam grinned and scooped her up, lifted her up high in the air. She screamed with delight.

"A unicorn princess! I always wanted to be one when I was little. A unicorn princess would flyyyy," he said, twirling her around.

Kris came and leaned against the wall, grinning at them both.

"Maybe I should stop? Too close to dinner?"

"Nah," Kris said. "Katy gets to fly as much as she wants to."

Adam raised his eyebrow.

Katherine yelled down, "Daddy said I can be Katy now, 'cause it's the beautifulest name there is."

Adam pulled Katherine -- Katy -- down into his arms and gave her a squeeze, eyes warm on Kris over by the kitchen. "Yes, it is. It really, really is."

It was Idol night again. Katy fell asleep on the floor, and this time, Kris carried her into their room during the first ad. When he came back and sat next to Adam, Adam muted the television. "I called Brad," he blurted. "I hadn't talked to him in all that time."

"That's--That's good." Kris shifted to look at Adam. "So, it was okay? Did you--Do you think you'll see each other?"

"Coffee, probably," Adam said. "But not 'see' as in 'see.' Not a good idea, and I don't want to. It's not about that. It's just that--" He searched for words to say what he felt.

"Once you love someone like that, you always love them," Kris said softly.

"Yeah." Adam smiled at him. "Exactly."

It looked like Kris was going to say something, but the contestants were back on, so Adam unmuted the sound. As the show went on, Kris snugged closer and closer into Adam, touching all along his side.

At the next break, Adam remembered something, and dug in his pocket. "Here," he said, stuffing a brochure into Kris's hand. "A friend gave it to me. It's a church where they think people like," he paused, "like me were made by God, too."

Kris stared at the flyer. "I don't know whether..."

"You don't have to do anything. Just keep it, in case you decide you want that, you know?"

Kris nodded, quiet, stuffed it in his jeans. "I've got something for you, too," he said. "I know you're not going to--Look, I got a bonus, and I," he reached onto the coffee table and picked up an envelope, "I was going to give this to you so you could quit that job if you want, so since you already did, here." He stuffed the envelope in Adam's hand.

Adam glanced inside and bit his lip. A bunch of bills, a few hundred dollars at least.

"I mean, it's not going to last you very long, but I thought it might help until you could find something better."

It wasn't often Adam was speechless, but he was close to it now. "I--No! I can't take money from you guys!" He tried to press the envelope into Kris's hand. "Jesus, Kris, you have a little girl!"

Kris took the envelope, but put it gently on the coffee table. "It's for you. If you hadn't taken us in, we'd be in Arkansas right now, if we weren't on the streets. Being here in L.A.... Well, it's my last chance to try to get my music noticed." He smiled at Adam. "It means everything."

Adam shook his head and Kris got the look on his face that Adam had come to associate with Kris being stubborn. "We'll figure it out later, but it's gonna sit there, and it's for you."

Adam opened his mouth to argue, but Kris motioned at the television. "Come on, we'll figure it out later. Show's back on."

The married guy from Colorado with the killer baritone pinged Adam's 'dar and apparently Kris's, too. When the show was over, he said quietly from Adam's shoulder, "he's wanting to bonk Alonso real bad."

Adam laughed. "Because you have ESP."

"No. Because he probably didn't explore that part of himself much before he got married. He's so young."

Adam turned off the television. Kris didn't move his head from Adam's shoulder. "After Katy died, I just. Kind of went insane," Kris said. Adam snaked an arm around behind Kris's back, but didn't dislodge him from his shoulder.

"I cruised around for the fastest, most impersonal sex I could get. It was weird, because I hadn't cared about sex that much before, not like that. Katy and I--This is going to sound so stupid, but we waited, and I wasn't interested except with someone I cared about. I told myself it was guys, after, because I didn't want to be reminded of her. But that wasn't why." He sighed. "I wanted it, that's why." Kris sat up and Adam missed the warmth along his side right away.

Kris turned and looked at him, eyes dropping to Adam's mouth for a second, then back up. Kris's lips were so full and gorgeous, a little red. Kris quirked a smile at Adam and Adam smirked back. They'd caught each other looking, and that was okay. That was the thing with Kris; everything was okay. They understood each other at some level where words weren't even needed a lot of the time. But they could also talk, about anything.

Whoa.

Shit. Shit, shit, shit. Shit. "I've got to--Early day, so--" Adam gestured idiotically and stood up, walked quickly to his room. He didn't even look back to see what Kris's face looked like. He closed his door and banged his forehead on it, stayed there. God, Kris would think he was pathetic. He didn't have an early day; he had only one crappy job left, plus the Upright.

He was so screwed.

He was a coward.

Adam never used to be afraid. He'd laughed in the desert at Burning Man, seeing so clearly what he needed to do: something ridiculous. Something so ridiculous, it would bend fate to him.

He'd been sad a lot of his life, misunderstood by peers and himself, but he'd never been afraid.

For a guy like Kris, he should be willing to do anything. Kris had been hurt by life, by loving someone so much. Adam's little melodrama paled in comparison, but he was the one who was being chickenshit?

He took a deep breath and opened his door, walked the couple of steps to the living room, heart pounding. Thank fuck, Kris was still there, head back against the back of the sofa, forearm over his eyes. Adam walked to the sofa, quiet, and sat down.

Kris's arm flew off his face. He opened his eyes, staring at Adam. "What--?"

Adam's stomach was fluttery. "Do you--I want to kiss you." He couldn't believe he'd just blurted that out. He hit his forehead with his palm. "Oh, suave!" He leaned back again the sofa and laughed. "Forget it, I give up. I fail at everything."

Kris laughed, too. "Do you always give up so easy?" he asked, voice down in that warm honey range. "Because I really think that could be a handicap in life." Kris turned and brought a hand to Adam's face, cupping his cheek and turning Adam's face towards him. Kris smiled and his eyes were warm.

Adam smiled back, first little, then bigger. "No. No, I don't give up so easily." He sat up and brought both hands to Kris's face, cupped it gently.

Kris's eyes fluttered closed for a second at the contact. Adam's chest felt tight. "So, I'm going to kiss you in two seconds unless you say no," he whispered.

Kris opened his eyes and raised his eyebrows, not saying a word.

Adam laughed and leaned down, touched Kris's lips with his for the first time. They were soft and warm, still curled into a smile. He pulled away and looked at Kris's face, just to be sure.

Kris was looking at him like--

Adam's heart fluttered in his chest. He leaned in, serious this time. Kris's mouth opened under him like the most perfect thing in the world. The kiss went on, deepened. Adam's fingers curled behind Kris's ears; Kris's hands clenched in Adam's hair.

They pulled away at the same time, panting. "What do you say," Kris said, throaty, "we take this to your room." His eyes danced. "Just in case, you know."

"Just in case I have to strip your clothes off an inch at a time and kiss you everywhere, then fuck you until you don't remember your name?" Adam whispered in Kris's ear, evil, fingers on Kris's shirt buttons.

Kris gasped and then laughed. "Who decided you're the one always doing the fucking?" His hands were busy working on pulling Adam's shirt out of his pants, finding the sensitive skin of his belly.

"Mmm, I kind of think it's how we both want it," Adam said, breathless, "but if you want to switch it up sometimes I think that'd be hotter than hell. In fact..."

Kris laughed. "No fucking way tonight, sorry." He shoved Adam off him and stood up, grabbed Adam's hand and pulled him down the hall into Adam's room, locking the door behind them.

They fell on Adam's bed, laughing. Kris smiled up at Adam, flushed, hair all mussed.

Adam smiled back at him. "We kind of went at this ass backwards, didn't we?"

"Whatever works, man," Kris whispered, as Adam leaned down to kiss him.

A little later, twined together, Adam pushed into Kris for the second time ever, pulling Kris's head up with a hand under his neck and craning down; he couldn't get enough of kissing him. Kris panted and arched, the line of his neck beautiful. Adam had wondered in the back of his mind whether it'd be any less hot than the early stuff, but it wasn't. It was mind-numbingly hot, Kris responsive to everything Adam did; Adam's skin jumping whenever Kris touched him. It didn't take long until they both came, the taut arch of Kris's body pushing Adam over the edge. After, they lay gasping, winded, soaked in sweat.

Adam couldn't stop kissing Kris, deep and passionate fading to light and playful.

"Mmmm," Kris finally said, stretching sinfully.

"Yeah, mmm. So, by the way, I'm kind of fucked up. It won't be all sweetness and light," Adam said, turning on his side towards Kris.

"I know. And you know I have massive baggage. Including a kid."

"She's not a 'kid,' she's Katy. And I'm glad you have baggage, because otherwise I'd be the only kind of screwed up one. That would be disproportionate or something."

"And that's just not on," Kris said.

"Definitely not on," Adam agreed, pulling Kris into a hug.

"I'm scared shitless, you know," Kris whispered into Adam's ear.

Adam squeezed him tighter and buried his head in Kris's hair. He took a big breath. "Me, too," he whispered back, safe with Kris. "Me, too."

EPILOGUE

Adam touched the necklace Kris had just given him one more time. It was a phoenix, silver. Kris hadn't needed to say why.

At Burning Man, Adam had seen it so clearly, that you had to take risks, do things that were a little crazy, to get where you wanted to go.

He'd seen that negativity bred negativity, and had sworn to put only positive energy out into the world, to focus on the love that he really believed lay under everything. He'd believed that if he did that, the Universe would send it back at him, or at the very least, he'd be happy.

He'd always had a strange feeling that he'd been meant to make it to that Idol audition, but fate had dealt him a flat tire, and he'd let that tip him into a downward spiral. He didn't beat himself up about it any more; he'd fallen so low because he'd felt so much. Loved so much.

Even now, he could feel the warmth from where Kris and Katy had hugged him; there were traces of little girl kisses all over his face. Right before it was finally his turn to go into the huge auditorium jammed with thousands of people, Katy had whispered, "I love you, Adam." Adam had squeezed her so hard she squealed, whispering back at her, "And you know I love you, Katykins."

Kris hadn't said a thing, and he hadn't needed to; he'd just handed Adam the necklace. "A phoenix?" Adam's heart had been pounding, like it often did around Kris.

"Yeah. Kind of hokey, but..."

Adam had pulled Kris into a hug. "You should be trying out, too."

"Nah. We already went over all this. Next year. Unless I sell my music without it, in the meantime."

"Yeah," Adam had sighed. It meant that Kris and Katherine were going to keep a low profile, if Adam went forward. That way, Kris wouldn't be tied to Adam in people's minds next year, if Kris tried out. And Adam was going to make sure he did.

Adam pressed his palm over his shirt where the necklace lay underneath. He thought about how Kris had nailed it, as always. Kris hadn't given Adam his self back. Adam had done that himself, and he liked to think he would have gotten there eventually on his own. But Kris just got him at some deep level, and that made all the difference. Adam felt the phoenix lying cool against his skin, powerful. He smiled to himself, thinking about how he'd hugged Kris hard one last time, just before he headed up the steps of the venue. He'd whispered into Kris's ear, "I love you," then sprinted up the steps. He'd turned at the top and looked down; Kris looked stunned. Adam had laughed, and yelled, "Just watch me. From the ashes, baby!"

Inside, Adam looked around at all the hopeful faces, the devastated looks on those who'd already been turned away. He'd have seconds to make an impression, and that would continue through multiple rounds, if he made it through. It was time to step up.

He took a deep breath and walked up to the table of judges. He was finally doing what the Universe wanted him to, he could just feel it. Now it was time for the Universe to give back.

He gathered together all the love he'd received, all the love he had to give, and opened his mouth to sing.

~~The End~~