Warrick Brown was ‘Mr. Cool’ himself. So, he couldn’t be running into the Crime lab like some over anxious dork even if he was late. Fortunately, he had really long legs so it wasn’t too hard to combine longer steps with a slight acceleration in speed. The two got him into the building quickly without him losing face, well at least too much.

Warrick was finally back to work after two weeks unpaid leave because of some really stupid behavior on his part. He’d let a lot of things overwhelm him and instead of acting like a mature adult and handling them, he’d given into the easy fix of prescription medications and some really poor choices. He’d gotten too involved in a case and then he’d gotten too involved in a pretty prostitute. You would think he would learn from the mistakes his best friend Nick Stokes had made when it came to CSI’s and whores in Las Vegas.

Evidently, he didn’t have the smarts to learn from mistakes, his own or some one else’s. He’d gone over the line and Grissom had handed him his balls on a silver platter, two weeks suspension without pay. He’d spent a lot of time feeling sorry for himself until his friend had come over, sat him down and told him he was gonna whip his lazy ass if he didn’t get himself together and get back to work with him. Nick missed his friend and he wasn’t about to let him sink into self-pity without a battle.

Warrick had pulled himself together. He’d talked to Nick for a long time about his divorce, his feeling of complete failure, his disgust with himself for going into the marriage for all the wrong reasons and his dismay when he found out Tina was pregnant and with the way things had gone between them the last few months they were together, it was a sure cinch the baby wasn’t his. Nick had listened, told Warrick he would always be there for him but he was pretty sure he needed someone with a lot more training than him to help him work though all this and swore he would be with him every step of the way. Hell, he’d even offered to go with him to his sessions if he needed the support. That was almost 5 weeks ago and it had not been easy; even with his friends support.

Warrick headed for the locker room, put his stuff away, grabbed his badge, gun and vest and headed for the conference room where Grissom usually gave out assignments. He was surprised to find everyone there including Wendy, Hodges and Bobby Dawson and they all looked pretty quiet.

“What’s happened? Why are you all looking like you’ve had a death in the family?”

Catherine looked up at him with an expression of true sadness on her face. “We’ve just been talking about the news that Heath Ledger died.”

Warrick stopped in surprise and slid down into a chair between Nick and Greg. “That’s why I’m late. I worked a double and fell into bed. I woke up with just enough time to take a shower, dress and grab a bagel on the way out the door. I was listening to the news when I pulled into the lot and they were talking about him being found dead in his apartment. God, the guy was only 28 years old. Just think of what he could have done. Think of what he’s already done.”

Catherine shook her head in agreement with him. “You know, I almost didn’t let Lindsay go see ’10 Things I Hate About You’ because I wasn’t sure I wanted her to go by herself with the kids she was running around with at the time. But she came home just raving about this really great guy and how cute he was and what a good actor and I remember thinking, ‘Yeah, I’ll bet he’s a good actor. He probably had to have coaching to say his words without drooling.’ All she could talk about was his eyes, his chin and how great he looked. When ‘A Knight’s Tale’ came out, I made a point of taking her myself and I was amazed. The movie was off the wall. Who would have thought of a medieval tale with that kind of sound track but I was pretty smitten with him myself? And don’t get me started on ‘Brokeback Mountain’. I still can’t talk about that movie without crying.”

Nick said, “Well, I’m still not too sure about a gay cowboy movie but I gotta admit, I did like ‘A Knight’s Tale’ and ‘The Patriot’ and I’m really looking forward to seeing what he did with ‘the Joker’.

Warrick turned to his other side and took a good luck at his other friend. Greg was uncharacteristically quiet. Usually, you could not shut the guy up but he hadn’t said a word. “What about you Greg? Did you like his work?”

Greg looked up at Warrick. His face was a little drawn and he looked sad, almost as though he had a personal reason to mourn the death of such a fine young talent. “Yeah, I did. I’m just down in the dumps because of some of the shit I read on the internet. Cretins coming out of the woodwork about ‘another druggy, fag dead’ and how ‘it’s no great loss’. My lord, if the guy was anything, he was a real horn dog. He seemed to have an affair with every female star he worked with and he had a beautiful little girl with Michele Williams.”

Wendy joined in and agreed. “I saw some of those comments Greg and I could not believe the ignorant filth these sub-humans spouted out in print. They didn’t even have his body out of the bedroom and they were all over the internet yammering about drugs and ‘spoiled, Hollywood fags’. My God, the guy didn’t even live in Hollywood. I read where they found prescription med’s on his nightstand and in his bathroom but good Lord, I shudder to think what all could be found in my house if it came down to that.”

Grissom walked in about that time and started handing out assignments. Wendy, Hodges and Bobby headed back to their respective areas. Warrick and Greg drew a 419 at a private residence in one of the better neighborhoods of Las Vegas. They grabbed their kits and headed out.

Warrick liked working with Greg. He was usually upbeat and enthused about learning anything he could from the CSI 3's. He also asked some smart questions and noticed things that seemed out of place. Besides, the guy had a mind like a garbage dump and was always coming up with odd pieces of information that often were relevant to what they were working on at the time.

Tonight however, he was oddly quiet. He always responded when Warrick asked him a direct question but didn’t volunteer much of anything. The more they worked the scene, the more obvious it was that this was a home invasion gone very wrong. After they spoke with the neighbor’s next door, they were all sure of it. Mr. and Mrs. Roger Young had gone out for the evening to see a show at one of the casinos. Mrs. Henderson, their next door neighbor had a spare key to their house so she could go over and let their dog out before bedtime and then again in the morning. They were planning on making a night of it and had reservations at the Venetian for the night so they could over-indulge and not worry about trying to get home safely.

Mrs. Henderson had gone over about 8.30 PM and got the dog and brought it home with her. She said she really liked the little thing; she was such a well-behaved animal and lots of company and she didn’t want her to be alone in the house all night.

She did not know that the Young’s had installed a security system. They meant to tell her but in their excitement they forgot. They had programmed the system to shut off at 9.00PM for 30 minutes and then come back on again so she could go get ‘Feathers’ the shih-tzu and then bring her back. When she went over at 8.30, she set off the silent alarm and when the thieves showed up at 8.45pm to rob the place, the police were there within 10 minutes responding to the original alarm. Unfortunately, they had paged Mr. Young and told him about the break in and he had made a fast trip home to see what was going on and walked in on the guys and lost his life along with the family jewels.

It was a tragedy of errors all the way around. The one thing that should have protected their home caused the death of Mr. Young. Mrs. Henderson took Mrs. Young and Feathers home with her and said she would take care of them both and the ‘young men’ were welcome to come over if they needed anything else.

Greg and ‘Rick completed their processing and by the time, they had everything collected and labeled, the police had caught the bad guys, just another random incident in the nightlife of Las Vegas.

Things were pretty quiet for the rest of the night and the two investigators actually got off on time. Greg was still looking pretty low and ‘Rick was worried about his silence. Greg and noise were synonymous and this was so wrong, he was concerned. He asked Greg to go out to breakfast with him and they took off for one of their favorite spots.

Greg was still quiet during their meal and finally ‘Rick just came out and asked him what was wrong. He let out a big sigh and said, “You know how everyone goes on and on about ‘the gay cowboy movie’ and how sad their story was? Well I didn’t think it was sad. I was so damned pissed at Ennis I could have just grabbed him off that damn screen and pounded him.”

‘Rick sort of jerked and said, “Whoa, that’s a strong reaction to a movie. Why were you so angry at him?”

‘Because he was a fucking coward, that’s why. He didn’t have the balls to admit that he was in love with a man and he made his life miserable, his wife, his kids and he got Jack killed. If he had just had an inch of backbone, he would have taken Jack up on his offer and they would have had a good life together. But oh no, not him. He was a scared little rabbit and ruined everyone around him.”

“Greg, you know, things were a lot different back then. I’m pretty sure that the story about the old guy that got killed was probably pretty much par for the course back then. Did you forget about that?”

“No I didn’t forget about that and I know that hate is with us still. God knows, you and I see it every day of our lives but he also said he lived with his brother for a while on his brother’s spread. Why couldn’t he and Jack have gone somewhere else, where no one knew them? They could have just said they were brothers, hell half the families in the world have different names because of divorce and re-marriage. They could have passed as half-brothers, both divorced and living together to make ends meet and pay child-support and alimony. It would have worked. They sure as hell wouldn’t have had to be near as careful as they did the way they were and maybe they could have had some love in their life and maybe Jack wouldn’t have been murdered because he was different and needed more than…what was it he said…oh yeah, ‘a couple of high-altitude fucks’ once a year.”

Greg’s voice although low enough not to attract any attention was shaky and ‘Rick noticed his hands were shaking when he tried to pick up his coffee cup. He knew there was more than Greg’s anger at a movie plot going on here. He said, “You know, these booths aren’t doing a thing for my skinny ass and you don’t have too much more padding than I do. What do you say we take this conversation back to your place since it’s so close and get comfortable?”

Greg swallowed and said, “Its okay, ‘Rick. I’m just sounding off because I feel bad about a 28-year-old father dying and every cretin and low-life thinking they have the right to comment on his life. I know you’re dead tired. You don’t have to baby sit me. I’m gonna be all right.”

‘Rick stood up, threw some bills on the table and said, “Well, maybe you are but I’m not sure I am and I wouldn’t mind some company for a little while longer. Unless you don’t want me in your home?”

Greg snorted at him, threw some more bills on the table and said, ‘You know better than that. Come on then, let’s go.”

They pulled into Greg’s complex, got out and headed for his place. Warrick liked Greg’s apartment. Everyone always thought of Greg as a messy, kid but he was in his early thirties and had matured a lot in the eight years he’d been with the crime lab. Being blown through a wall, beaten to a pulp and forced to sit through a coroner’s jury to defend himself against murder had a way of taking the fun out of anyone.

Greg’s apartment was comfortable and quite well furnished. He’d taken a pay-cut to go in the field, but he’d bought his furniture before he became a CSI, when he had a healthy amount of disposable income to play with.

He told Warrick to make himself comfortable, checked his messages and asked him if he wanted coffee. Usually ‘Rick never passed up a chance to drink Greg’s delicious coffee but he told him no and said he didn’t need any more coffee either. They both needed to sleep so they had to come down from their usual caffeine high. Greg asked him if he’d like some water or juice. When told there was apple juice available, ‘Rick said that’s what he wanted.

Greg came back in with two glasses and curled up on the sofa with Warrick. He asked him if he wanted to play a game or something. ‘Rick said no, he wanted to continue their talk.

Greg shrugged and said there wasn’t any more to say. It wasn’t as if either of them had known the man personally. ‘Rick looked at Greg for a while, then he said, “You know friend, I can read you like a book. There’s more than just being upset with a story not turning out the way you wanted. What’s up? You know I’m a good listener and God knows as bad as I’ve fucked up lately, I sure as hell ain’t gonna be judging anyone about anything.”

There was such a long silence that Warrick was about to decide to finish his juice and leave before he made his young friend so mad he got thrown out when Greg let out a deep sigh. “I was angry with the movie yes, but that character made me take a long, long look at myself and I sure didn’t like what I saw.”

‘Rick sat back and got comfortable. He recognized the start of a long story when he heard one.

“I didn’t like what he had done but man what I had done was even worse. At least he knew he had someone who loved him and wanted him so bad they would take desperate chances for him. Me, I was just plain pathetic. I made up a relationship. I imagined feelings and emotions that just didn’t exist. How pathetic is that?”

‘Rick took a deep breath and thought long and hard about what he was about to say. In one way, he was finally going to talk about stuff he’d been trying to handle for the last eight years and in another way, he was scared that maybe he was opening Pandora’s Box and once opened; things would never be the same.

‘You’re talking about you and Nick aren’t you?’

“Oh shit, don’t tell me I was so obvious every one in the lab knows what an idiot I was for all those years?”

“Relax Greg. I’m a CSI-3 and a good one because I watch people and listen to them. I’ve watched you and Nick dance around each other for years now and wondered how it was gonna turn out.”

“It turns out that all this time we thought Grissom was asexual and afraid of relationships, he was banging a subordinate and Nick was the one who really doesn’t know what to do when someone tries to get close to him. You know, it’s really funny and I don’t mean in the ha-ha kind of way; Nick empathizes with everyone because he can’t or won’t get close with anyone. All those years of touching and putting his hand on my chest and standing behind me so close I could feel his body heat against my back and it was…it was just Nick. It wasn’t anything special about me or some sort of connection we had. It was just Nick. I made up this whole fantasy about one day, we would look into each other’s eyes and suddenly he would realize we were soul mates and we would ride off into the sunset together hand in hand. God, I’m so stupid ‘Rick. I wasted eight years on a dumb, unrealistic dream. I wonder sometimes how many times I passed up someone who might have been someone special just because I thought all Nick needed was time to realize how much he cared about me. God how much do I sound like Sara right now?”

Thank God, Greg was so wrapped up in his own misery, he didn’t notice ‘Rick’s reaction. What was it Gram’s used to say…’Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it’. Now he understood that little nugget of wisdom. For years, he’d wondered just how Greg felt about Nick. He had his own ideas; ideas he’d formed from watching and listening and observing for the last eight years. Now that he had confirmation that he’d been right, he was confused. He’d thought if he just knew Greg’s feelings, he would be able to forget about his own but now…all he could feel was hurt. He realized there had been a long period of silence and he also realized that Greg was sort of shrinking in on himself. He looked smaller, younger and fragile. Suddenly ‘Rick realized that Greg thought he was disgusted with his revelations.

“Greg, to dream is the human condition. God you don’t know how many dreams I had about Tina and me and the ‘perfect marriage’ we were gonna have. At least, you based your dreams on facts. I saw the touching and the patting and listened to the conversations. I used to wonder if you two were maybe hooked up and Nick is my best friend and you are right up there as another one. I didn’t know. I couldn’t tell. Are you still in love with him?”

Warrick groaned silently to himself. Way to go Brown. When did you become a card-carrying masochist? Why don’t you just offer him your throat and let him tear it out? It might be quicker than listening to him go on and on about Nick’s virtue’s.

Greg let out a weird sound that ‘Rick thought was a cross between and laugh and a groan. “God, that’s what is so damn pathetic about this whole mess ‘Rick. When I finally got the rose-colored glasses firmly off my eyes, I realized that even if Nick did profess his undying love for me, he really isn’t what I want. How’s that for irony?”

‘Rick sat up a little straighter. “What do you want Greg?”

“I want someone who is comfortable in his or her own skin. I really do swing both ways and I don’t care if it’s a man or a woman just so long as they are smart and interesting and willing to accept me as I am with all my…my…my moles and freaky quirks. I want someone who makes me laugh. I want someone I can make laugh. Most of all, I want someone who is not ashamed of loving me; who is not ashamed or embarrassed by me loving them. God Warrick I want someone who just wallows in my love. You know in this weird, messed up world of ours even a hetero couple has just a 50/50 chance of making it together. Think how much harder it is for a gay couple, male or female. Lord if I found someone who loved me completely and was willing to let me love them, I’d hang on to them for the rest of our lives.”

Greg looked over at ‘Rick when he realized he hadn’t gotten an answer or response and was sort of surprised to see ‘Rick looking at him almost like a stranger.

“What’s up Brown? Why am I getting the evil eye from you? Surely if you wondered about me and Nick, you must have realized I’m not hung up on plumbing. What are you thinking?”

‘Rick was a gambler. He’d been one all his life and not just in a casino or a betting parlor. ‘Rick gambled on life and he knew this was the time to up the ante…a lot.

“Would you like to go out with me Friday night? I know you have it off and Catherine asked me to trade so she could take Lindsay to a game out of town next Tuesday.”

Well, ‘Rick just discovered another way to shut Sander’s up, just ask him out on a date. Greg had opened his mouth but nothing came out. He closed his mouth and looked at his friend and then tried again to respond.

“Uhhhh…Warrick, when you say go out with you do you mean like two buddies going to a game together or going to a bar to cruise the scene or…? Would you please define ‘go out’ for me?”

“I mean ‘go out’ like in I pick you up about 9.00PM and we go to this little place I know. They have great music, not that crap you like but real music with lyrics and a recognizable tune. They have food and a primo bartender. We spend some time together and enjoy ourselves. That kind of ‘go out’.”

“Uh, ‘Rick…you do know that sounds almost like a date kind of ‘go out’ don’t you?”

“Jeeze Sanders, what part of me picking you up at 9.00PM did you not understand? If you don’t want to, just say no. I will understand and it won’t affect our working together or our being friends.”

“No, no damn it I don’t mean no, I mean yes I want to go out with you. The ‘no’ was I wasn’t thinking about saying no I…hell, I think I’ll just shut up while I’m ahead.”

Warrick laughed out loud and said, “Good thinking Sanders. You know the old saying, ‘It’s better to keep your mouth shut and be thought a fool than open it and prove it’. I’m heading home now to get some sleep. I’ll see you at work tonight and pick you up Friday night at 9.00pm.” He got up and walked out leaving a very confused man behind.

Greg sat on the couch for a long time after ‘Rick left trying to figure out how they got from the death of a fine young actor to a date Friday night. He went to bed in a daze and pretty much stayed that way just waiting for Friday night.