The CMNF Cabin
by rtyuuioyuih1

The CMNF Cabin Ch. 03

Tonight's entertainment is: dinner and a show.

I awoke to find Callie still sleeping heavily beside me. At some point in the night, she must have tried and failed to pull the sheets up over herself. She was laying on her back, diagonal to how she should've been in the bed, legs spread, with just one thin sheet covering only her right leg and her magnificent tits. Her left leg and the small afro of red curls on her mound were on display just beyond the reach of the blanket. There were two tiny tents where her pronounced nipples poked through the sheet. Her sweet face looked so peacefully innocent, but for the remnants of my cum dried on her cheeks.

I silently extricated myself from the bed, put on some shorts, and padded softly to the kitchen upstairs. It seemed I was the first one up, so I started a pot of coffee and some toast. I took my simple breakfast through the living room, out the sliding glass door, and onto the deck, where I sat in an adirondack chair to relax and watch the sun come up over the lake.

Maybe 45 minutes later, I heard the glass door slide open and shut behind me. My girlfriend approached quietly to stand next to my chair, naked to the world, holding a cup of coffee close to her face, warming her hands.

"It's beautiful here," I began.

"It sure is," Anna agreed serenely. "That's why we come here so often. Although, of course, this visit has been a little different..."

"I should hope so," I smiled. "I am loving this, but I don't know how much more I can take. I'm exhausted."

"Hmm, me too," Anna hummed. "No regrets?"

"None. You?"

"None. I'm so glad you're here with us. Thank you for being so accepting." Anna smiled at me.

"Thank you for involving me. You've been just as accepting of me as I have of you. This has really been the vacation of a lifetime." I answered.

"Good. I'm excited for you to see what else we have in store."

"Oh?" I asked. "Have you decided what you're gonna suggest for tonight's entertainment?"

"Hmm, I have. I think you're gonna love it." Anna purred.

"I'm hard just thinking about it," I joked to her.

"Mmm, I can see that." Anna licked her lips. She set her coffee on the small table on the deck, kneeled down in front of my chair, and unzipped my shorts.

I took a deep breath in and out as she began to suck me softly. What really impressed me about Anna's skills was her versatility. She had already given me a few blowjobs this weekend and each was different. She could jack me off quickly and deepthroat me, sure. But she could just as effectively lick me lazily to match the mood of this sunrise.

While Anna was caressing my shaft with her soft lips, I heard the glass door slide open behind me again. For a moment, I tensed reflexively. But Anna's oral massage relaxed me immediately and I remembered how carefree this weekend had made me. I didn't even turn to see who was joining us, but I soon found Jessica pulling up an adirondack chair to sit next to me. Anna never missed a beat as she continued to spread her spit all over my dick.

"Beautiful morning," Jessica commented casually.

"It sure is," I answered nonchalantly. "I can see why you girls come here so often."

"It's a treat, for sure." Jessica responded. "Back home, I'm the uninhibited one, but here, the other girls lose a few inhibitions too."

"Anna won't tell me what she has planned for tonight." I heard a muffled affirmation from below. "I don't suppose you'd tell me what you're planning for tomorrow night?"

"Don't get your hopes up, bud."

We continued to talk casually about the trip, our plans for after graduation, and all the other normal small talk topics. Neither of us ever acknowledged the stunning fellatrix at my feet. After probably half an hour of lazy sucking, we started to hear more activity from the cabin as everyone else woke up. We weren't afraid of getting caught, but we were afraid of missing out on more fun with our friends, so we all turned our attention more seriously to the blowjob. Jessica and I watched attentively as Anna picked up the pace. When I was nearly ready to burst, Anna removed my cock from her mouth, pressed the tip to her forehead, and jerked me with both hands until I came. I released several spurts all over her face from a point-blank range.

As Anna directed the last few dribbles of my cum onto her closed lips, Callie stuck her head out through the open glass door. "Lunch time!" she called out.

When I was completely drained, the three of us stood and turned toward the cabin. Jessica and I followed as Anna led the way back into the living room, my cum still dripping from her face.

***

"Oh. My. God. You slut!" Callie accused at first sight of my girlfriend's face. "I'm so proud of you!"

Anna blushed, but kept her head held high.

"She's really amazing." Jessica informed the others. "I mean, I know we've all borne witness to her skills already on this trip. But damn, she sucks a good cock."

Anna smiled, but didn't toot her own horn. She just languished in the praise from her roommates.

"Well, I've got a sandwich for you, Anna." Lauren called from the kitchen. "Do you want a pickle or have you had enough pickles in your mouth today?"

Anna smiled wryly and rolled her eyes at Lauren's tired joke. "I'll take a pickle, thank you."

We all sat down to eat and to discuss our plans for the day. A couple times, I noticed Anna dabbing at her lips with a napkin in between bites, but she never made any move to wipe off her face. She just let the cum drip onto her boobs, or onto her paper plate.

"Right, well, this is usually the point in the trip where us girls do some yoga. You boys wouldn't mind that, would you?" Callie asked.

We all nodded and generally affirmed that we didn't mind spending the day inside with our naked girlfriends.

When the girls finished eating, they each grabbed a yoga mat and returned to the living room. Anna had finally wiped off her face so she wouldn't drip on the mats or the floor. When the three of us guys finished eating, we stayed sitting around the lunch table talking, but all facing the same direction toward the girls.

Callie seemed to be the unspoken leader of this yoga session, as she was with so many things. There was no need for the girls to talk as they followed Callie's lead from one position to another. The girls seemed oblivious to their audience, but at the same time, I felt like Callie was choosing poses based on exposure above all else. So many of the yoga poses involved standing on tiptoes and reaching for the floor, which created a wondrous mountain range of nicely toned asses. So many more involved doing the splits, either while sitting or standing. My favorite pose was one where the girls laid on their backs, put their palms and their feet flat on the floor, and then pushed themselves into an arch with their boobs thrust toward the ceiling and their bushes (or lack thereof) pointed prominently toward us. If I weren't distracted by the delicious bodies on display, I would've been impressed by the girls' balance and flexibility. Perhaps more impressive though, was the girls' concentration: none of the girls ever glanced toward us, ever smirked or giggled, or ever gave any indication they were aware of the three guys staring slack-jawed from across the room.

After an hour of yoga, the girls were each glistening with sweat, so they went off to take their showers. Mark, Charlie and I played some video games on the living room tv while we awaited their return. When the girls reported back to the living room, naked, Lauren drew attention to herself for an announcement.

"Umm, okay, everyone. Um, I have an idea... well, a new item for my bucket list that I didn't already talk about with the girls. But I was inspired by Anna's exhibitionism this morning. So I wanted to try it. If that's okay - with you all." Lauren stumbled her way through a preface.

"Go on, that's what we're here for!" Jessica supported.

"Okay, so if it's okay with you all...and with Anna because I don't want to steal focus from her choice of tonight's entertainment?"

"Fine with me! I wasn't gonna start til dinner time." Anna assured her.

"Okay, okay. I'd kind of like to try - I don't know what to call it - goddamnit, okay! I wanna be tied up in the corner of the room with a vibrator shoved up my pussy and a gag in my mouth and I don't want anyone to untie me until I've gone blind with ecstasy and I want you all - guys and girls - to cum on me when you feel like it!" Lauren finally spluttered quickly.

Her announcement was met with a round of silence.

"Damn." Anna finally said.

"I love you." Jessica stated plainly.

"Do it, girl! Do you have the right gear?" Callie asked.

Lauren's face lit up and she dashed off to her room and returned in record time with a handful of toys.

"I thought you didn't have any toys!" Jessica accused.

"This is yours." Lauren responded with a sly grin.

The girls supervised and gave orders as the guys strapped Lauren in. After a little trial and error, we had her set up to everyone's satisfaction. Lauren was on her knees with her legs tucked under the sofa behind her. Her feet were spread and tied to two opposite feet of the sofa. A rabbit vibrator was placed vertically on the ground so that it was inside her and resting on her clit. Her arms were tied together behind her back. She had a ball gag in her mouth and a blindfold over her eyes. At the last minute, Callie grabbed a couple chip clips and with a wicked grin attached one to each of Lauren's nipples. Lauren yelped in surprise but then shuddered and made a pleased noise from around the ball gag.

"Damn." Anna said again.

"THIS should've been your choice for tonight's entertainment on your night!" Jessica decreed.

Callie didn't say anything, but flicked on the rabbit vibrator to not the highest setting, but the next one down. Lauren's body immediately convulsed in what looked like a mini-orgasm.

While Lauren enjoyed her torture, the rest of us went about our evening. Jessica laid out on the couch and flipped through a magazine. Mark and I watched a basketball game. Callie flitted about doing some variety of household chores - I'm sure it was just a routine she had whenever she visited the cabin. Charlie helped Anna prepare dinner. The cabin buzzed with activity and light conversation, periodically punctuated by a grunt or a whimper or a gasp.

Mark was the first to make his way over toward Lauren. Mark took a break from making dinner, unzipped his shorts, and started stroking his cock even as he walked across the room. I noticed Jessica peeking from around her magazine as Mark loomed over his girlfriend. If he was as turned on as I was, I knew it wouldn't take long for him to cum. Sure enough, after only a few minutes of jerking off, he came on Lauren's perky tits. Lauren flinched in surprise as the first spurt of cum made contact with her flushed chest. As the second spurt hit her, her muffled shriek revealed the strongest climax I'd seen from her this trip. With each subsequent spurt, Lauren shuddered again. When he was done, Mark wiped the tip of his dick off on Lauren's left shoulder, put it back in his shorts, and went back to making dinner without a word.

Mark had broken the ice and raised the arousal levels in the room all at once. No sooner had he returned to the kitchen than Callie took his place pleasuring herself at her roommate's willing expense. Callie positioned herself standing on Lauren's right side and ground her clit on Lauren's shoulder. For her part, Lauren seemed to push her shoulder back against Callie's pussy, the two working in tandem to get first Callie, then Lauren off. Jessica was fully enjoying her front row seat and was now working her fingers furiously into her dripping pussy, the magazine abandoned to the floor. When Callie had finished and moved out of the way, Charlie and I took up stations on either side of Lauren and stroked ourselves until we came on the two sides of her face nearly simultaneously. As Charlie and I retreated, Jessica sat upright on the sofa, with one leg on either side of Lauren. Jessica continued to pleasure herself until, with a scream, she squirted all over the back of Lauren's head. The flush in Lauren's chest had spread to her cheeks and her arms. She was sweating and every outward breath was a grunt. I looked to the kitchen to see whether Anna wanted a turn, but she was busy putting the finishing touches on dinner. Exhausted, we each sunk into a couch or a chair to wait for the dinner bell.

After another twenty minutes or so, I got up and made my way over to the kitchen. I smiled at Anna's handiwork. She's quite the little homemaker. She had put together appetizers, sides, dinner, and dessert. Everything smelled delicious. She had even made little placards with each of our names, assigning our seats. I took my spot between the labels for Callie and Lauren. One by one, each of my friends joined me at the round table. Anna finally set a salad in the middle of the table and declared dinner, served. Only then did we realize that there was an empty chair: Lauren was still tied up on the other side of the room.

Callie and Jessica scurried over to turn off the vibrator, untie her, and gently help her over to her seat, where she was met with applause. She collapsed into her chair and said shakily, "I need a drink." We laughed and made sure to serve all her food and drink for her. "Thank you all for that. That was the most amazing experience of my life."

"How many times did you cum?" Callie asked with genuine curiosity.

"No idea." Lauren answered pointedly, but with an unbridled, weary smile.

We tucked into our meals and talked like old friends do. Everyone complimented Anna's cooking. I had almost forgotten that tonight she was supposed to be providing the entertainment. I had no idea what she had planned.

As Anna served dessert, Lauren finally remembered. "Oh my god, we still have your entertainment, Anna! I totally forgot. I didn't ruin it, did I?"

"No, no, you're fine! You were beautiful." Anna assured her.

"Well, you're not gonna get away with just making dinner." Callie teased. "We want sex!"

Anna cleared everything from the table except our dessert plates, our spoons, and our waters. She made her way around the table to stand near Jessica. Anna offered her hand to Jessica, who took her cue, stood, stepped onto her chair, and then crawled onto the table in the middle of our plates, where she laid down on her back. My jaw dropped as Anna followed Jessica onto the table and laid down in a sixty-nine position.

As far as I knew, this was Anna's first girl on girl experience. Watching was a dream come true for me. I wondered when she had decided to do this and when she had found time to plan it with Jessica. Based on the furtiveness with which she began eating out Jessica, I was sure this was her first time. But as they say, what she lacked in experience, she made up for in enthusiasm, once she got going.

Anna and Jessica had positioned themselves so that I had the best view in the house. I was seated right at Jessica's pussy/Anna's head, at a slightly diagonal angle where I could see the action. If I looked to my left, I could see Jessica's face as it disappeared between Anna's thighs.

Jessica seemed to be waiting for Anna to make the first move. We were all waiting for Anna to make the first move. With bated breath, we sat around the table in anxious silence, our desserts all but forgotten. My girlfriend stared deeply, unseeing, into her first pussy. I worried for a moment that she would chicken out in front of her friends (who would of course be nothing but supportive). Just as I was about to clear my throat to whisper my reassurances, Anna shifted her eyes up to me, winked, and then bowed her head toward the trimmed bush in front of her.

Anna stuck her tongue out tentatively, as if she could sniff the headiness like a snake. She gave one long luxurious lick up Jessica's outer labia. Jessica visibly shivered at the first touch. Then, much to Jessica's temporary disappointment, Anna turned her head slightly away and kissed the crease where Jessica's leg met her pelvis. Anna continued to kiss her way along Jessica's leg as far as she could reach. Anna kissed her way back toward Jessica's center, over her mound, planting one big kiss on Jessica's bush, and then continuing up the other leg. Each kiss was slower and more loving than the last.

Jessica, growing impatient in her arousal, ducked her head toward Anna's pussy and in one stroke had planted her entire tongue inside Anna. Anna's eyes shot open and her kisses stopped abruptly. Jessica was not the inexperienced babe in the wood that Anna was, so she was eating Anna out vociferously. Anna's eyes fluttered and half closed as the shock waves connected her clit to her brain. Her head lolled to the side and came to rest on Jessica's thigh. Jessica pulled every move she could think of to make Anna's first time memorable, and it showed. Anna's breathing became progressively shallower, until I couldn't tell whether she was breathing at all. Finally, Anna scrunched her eyes shut and opened her mouth in a silent scream. Her entire body jerked violently, jerked a second time softer, and then jerked a third time so strongly that she almost fell off Jessica, and her hand knocked a glass of water to the floor as she tried to steady herself.

With a deep gasp for air, followed by a few sharp pants, Anna seemed to recover from her earth-shattering orgasm. Her eyes blazed with determination and she renewed her attack on Jessica's pussy. I watched as Anna eagerly buried her tongue so deep in Jessica's pussy that her nose was recessed slightly into Jessica's mound. She came up for air just briefly and then encircled Jessica's clit between her lips and suckled the nub. Anna pinched Jessica's outer labia between her lips and pulled back. Then Anna dove back in with her tongue to lick Jessica's inner walls. Jessica got wetter and wetter until she dripped onto the table, and Anna slurped up the juices like she had just come back from Coachella without a water bottle.

To her credit, Jessica had never stopped licking Anna, but she seemed to have lost some steam as she was distracted by Anna's own ministrations. From the not so far end of the table, I heard a series of whimpers and breathy profanities. For her first time, Anna seemed to be doing a great job of reading Jessica's body language. I was becoming an expert on each of these girls' orgasms, and I could tell Jessica's was approaching quickly. Nonetheless, Jessica kept her face buried in Anna's pussy.

As Jessica's sounds became harder and harder to contain, Anna ground her mouth against Jessica's clit. I couldn't see her tongue, but I could tell it was working overtime inside Jessica, trying to bring her to her peak. Jessica began to moan deeply, softly at first but louder as her orgasm overtook her. Anna's brow furrowed as she redoubled her efforts. Finally, Jessica's moan broke and was replaced with a high-pitched, "FuuuuUUUUUUuuuuuck!" Jessica thrashed from side to side under Anna and kicked her heels repeatedly against the table, but Anna never slowed down. Jessica crested through orgasm after orgasm as my girlfriend proved once again her oral prowess.

Obviously, I had been rock hard for this entire performance. I was too stunned to unzip my shorts, afraid that any sudden movements would spook the performers and ruin the show. I was superstitious that way. However, after the girls had each had at least a couple orgasms, I felt my shorts being opened for me. Looking to my left, I saw Lauren smiling at me as her fingers deftly unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts. Her nimble fingers drew out my cock and began to stroke me. Lauren's fingers were soon joined by Callie's. Anna must've anticipated this when she sat me between the two girls. In our MFMFM seating arrangement, I got two hands on my dick where the other guys got one each.

As Lauren and Callie jacked me off together, Anna and Jessica continued to eat each other out. The two roommates were eager to get each other off as many times as they could. Even as they moaned, they never stopped licking the pussy in front of them. Anna was learning quickly and seemed to revel in the intensity of the experience. At one point, she made Jessica cum so hard, Jessica squirted into Anna's mouth and all over her face. Anna shook her head like a wet dog and dove back in.

I was well primed after seeing my beautiful blonde girlfriend in her first lesbian experience. We had engaged in some pretty crazy fun over the past few days, but there was something very debauched about the five of us sitting in a circle around the sapphic pair, enjoying our own sexual pleasure. I tried to hold off my orgasm to extend the pleasure, but I was no match for the sight before me and the hands upon me. In no time at all, I shot my load up into the air until it cascaded back down onto Lauren and Callie's hands. The other two guys followed. Exhausted, Jessica and Anna relented and rolled away from each other.

We all sat or lay, slumped over, catching our breath. The guys were spent. Jessica and Anna were sensitive. Lauren was beginning to feel sore. Only Callie still yearned for one last climax of the day. She retrieved Jessica's vibrator from where Lauren had been strapped to it earlier. Laying spread eagle on the floor next to the table, Callie brought herself to a quick, satisfying orgasm, then let the vibrator fall out of her hand and roll away from her.

Pair by pair, as we found enough energy to, we took our girlfriends by the hand and wordlessly made our way to our respective bedrooms. I joined Anna in her nudity, crawled into bed, cuddled up next to her, and fell right to sleep.

***

I awoke in a pitch black room. As my eyes attempted to adjust, I glanced over at the clock by the bed. 3:30AM. Far too early to be awake. My senses returned one by one. Anna was grinding her ass against my crotch. As she heard me grumble into consciousness, she turned to face me.

"Oh, good, you're awake. I need you to fuck me." She said plainly.

I lifted the covers a bit and made room for Anna to sit up in my lap. She positioned her pussy over my cock, and then sunk down until she bottomed out. Then she hinged forward until she could kiss me on the mouth. She smelled like Jessica. She tasted like Jessica.

Anna rode me lovingly as we made out. After a few minutes, she turned her head and buried it in my neck. Her hair tickled my ear. I told her, "You were spectacular tonight."

"Mmmm, thank you," she cooed into the pillow next to me.

"How did that all come to be?" I inquired.

Anna continued to grind in my lap as she explained. "It more or less started when you were out hiking with Lauren and Callie. Jessica and I stayed behind and we got to talking. She seemed like the perfect person to have my first time with. Safe, supportive, hot as hell... I've avoided any girl on girl action over the last couple days, one because I was nervous still, but two because I wanted to save it for the big reveal tonight."

"It was quite the surprise. I absolutely loved it. And I love you."

"And I love you right back." Anna replied. "This trip has been wonderful. You've been wonderful. I love my girls."

"Do you think you'll get it on with any of your other roommates before the trip is over?" I asked.

"Mmmm, the door is wide open now."

The door was in fact wide open. As I looked past Anna toward the door frame, I saw a silhouette of one girl or another. Whichever roommate it was (I suspected Jessica), she was clearly touching herself as she watched us.

"Tonight was exhilarating!" Anna declared. "I can't describe the adrenaline of feeling Jessica's body orgasm under me. All I wanna do is make that girl scream. And knowing you all were watching and getting off too? That memory is gonna get me off for years to come."

"Me too," I agreed. "Jessica's beautiful face latched onto your pussy was the hottest thing I've ever seen. Except for your beautiful face latched onto Jessica's pussy."

"Cum with me, Darren," Anna instructed. "We need to get back to sleep so we're ready for whatever comes tomorrow."

I took a more active role in thrusting up into Anna. After a few short minutes, Anna and I came together quietly. Without even removing my dick from her pussy, Anna fell promptly to sleep on my chest. I looked toward the doorway again, and our visitor was gone. I turned my head toward Anna's, and fell asleep too.


