A Story For Ari


I look up from my conversation only half hearing what is being said as my eyes seek you out across the room. You stand there, wearing your little black dress surrounded by men, in a conversation of your own. I am amazed each time I see you by how beautiful you are, and by the fact that you are here with me. You glance up, and catch me looking at you and smile. You see the look in my eyes, and mouth a silent question. With longing in my eyes I nod.

I excuse myself from the conversation and leave the room, shaking. Walking down the hall, I slip into the restroom, waiting, nervous and shaking with anticipation. The door opens and you silently slip inside, reaching behind you to lock the door. I step to you, cupping your chin in my hand, tilting your face up, kissing you hard on the lips hungrily, needing you. I press my body against yours, shoving you against the door. My tongue pushes between your lips, seeking yours out, caressing it, moving against it. You feel my cock pressing against your belly through my pants. Sliding your hand down, you cup my balls and then run your hand the length of me. I groan against your mouth, breathing hard. 

Breaking the kiss, I pull back slightly. "Please Ari, I need you." I pant hoarsely. You slide your hands inside my coat, running them over my chest, then lower, rubbing them against the bulge in my pants. I suck in my breath and silently mouth "Please." With a wicked smile on your face, you slide to your knees in front of me. Reaching out you unzip my pants and reaching inside you pull out my throbbing cock. I feel your hot breath against it and shudder. Lifting it in your hand, you run your tongue up the length of the underside, making it jump. Suddenly you pop your mouth down onto it, taking it in your mouth, flicking your tongue across the ridge at the bottom of the head. You start sliding your mouth back and forth on it, taking it deeper and deeper with each stroke, before popping back up, leaving just the head in your mouth, your tongue swirling around it. "Ari...." I groan, grabbing your head in my hands, pushing you further onto my cock. "I....I'm going to..."I groan, as you reach up to cup my balls, squeezing them, rolling them in your palm."Oooooohhhhhh......." as my cock jerks, and my knees buckle and I start shooting spurt after spurt of cum into your mouth. You keep sucking, milking every last drop from me before I finally slip from your mouth.

Reaching down I grab your hand, lifting you, I pull you to me, kissing you hard. I spin you around, and lift you onto the counter, sliding the straps from your shoulders. I kiss your neck, biting, nibbling, then lower, tracing your collarbone with my lips. I kiss across your chest, and then suck a nipple into my mouth, biting it gently, flicking it with my tongue. My hand drops to your knee, fingers lightly dancing up your thigh, slowly moving closer, teasing you. One finger tracing your pussy lips, I groan when I realize you aren't wearing panties. I slide a finger between your lips, running it the length of you, flicking your hard little clit. I start rubbing little circles on your clit, sucking on your other nipple now, listening to your moans. I slide my fingers lower, pushing two inside you as I kneel between your legs, pushing your dress up with my other hand. You feel my hot breath on your pussy. I lean closer, kissing your clit, lightly brushing it with my lips. I flick my tongue out, tracing circles around your clit, then sucking it into my mouth, catching it between my teeth and attacking it with my tongue while my fingers fuck in and out of your tiny pussy. Your hips start to buck, your ass lifting off the counter and with a series of moans you explode, cumming on my fingers.

Standing up, I press my fingers to your lips, forcing them into your mouth, making you taste your cum. I press against you, hard again. You reach down and grab me, running the head up and down your slit, rubbing it in circles on your clit, before pressing it against your hole. "Oh god!" I groan, as I slide into you, burying myself inside you. Pulling my fingers from your mouth, I crush your lips with mine, sucking your tongue into my mouth. I start pounding in out of you, no sweet love making, just hungry, desperate fucking. You lift your legs, wrapping them around my ass, pulling me deeper. Your hands slip around my back, pulling me against you, your nipples poking into my chest, your nails raking across my shoulders. You break the kiss, sinking your teeth into my shoulder as I bite your neck. Fucking faster still, you ass rising up to meet each stroke, your pussy clamping down on my cock. Even though I have just come I can't hold out much longer. You sense me getting ready to cum, and start to roll your hips, making your clit grind against my cock. Just as I start to throb inside you, you bite down harder, drawing blood, and start cumming, your pussy rippling against my cock, I explode, shooting my cum deep inside you.........

Later, when we can stand, I take you by the hand and lead you back into the party, a smile on my face.

