It had been an interesting two months, and he was glad they were on shore leave. There had been a lot going on, too much really. As soon as he had recovered from his cold, there had been one crisis after another. He had barely had anytime for himself, let alone Wesley.

Not that the two of them spent a lot of time together during the day. They didn’t want to seem too obvious. Still, they tried to meet for a meal every once in a while. Usually though, it was Wesley sneaking into his quarters after his mother had fallen asleep, or visiting when his mother was on a different shift than they were.

In the two months of clandestine meetings in the dark, they hadn’t done much physically, but emotionally they had really bonded. Most of their time together was spent talking, learning more about each other, learning things the other crew members didn’t know.

When they weren’t talking, they were making out like a couple of teenagers. Wesley, of course, actually was still a teenager. While they had taken the time to explore each other, it had all been with underwear on. He was a bit surprised that Wesley hadn’t taken things further, but Will wouldn’t push. He would wait for Wesley to make the next move.

That wasn’t to say they hadn’t done anything at all, there just hadn’t been any skin to skin contact, and there certainly hadn’t been any mouth to skin contact. All of the petting, the fondling, the frottage, it had all been done through their briefs, and really, it hadn’t been done all that often.

Instead of being frustrated though, Will was actually quite content. The few orgasms he had had with Wesley had been intense. More intense than he could ever remember any others being.

He treasured their time together, and today - today they would actually get to spend the entire day together. Not only that, they would also get tonight, and tomorrow morning. Wesley’s mother was going on some girl’s trip with Deanna, and they wouldn’t be back until tomorrow afternoon.

He was glad that their plans had been for indoors, because there was a storm outside that was steadily getting worse. He would have been upset if he had been forced to miss out on this opportunity with Wesley because of the weather.

He was standing in front of the sliding glass door, watching the lightning flash across the sky, when finally, the knock on the door came. It was Wesley’s knock, something he had started at the beginning, so that when he wasn’t sneaking into Will’s quarters, Will knew it was him. It wasn’t necessary, but it was nice, especially on days when Will was expecting Wesley, and somebody else would show up first.

He went to answer the door, making sure to lock it once Wesley was inside the room. He had just set the lock into place when Wesley backed him into the door for a long kiss hello.

They became lost in a world of just the two of them, not breaking apart until a loud crash of thunder startled them both. They pulled apart just in time to watch the room plunge into darkness, but for the meager light making its way in through the windows.

“I guess we’re going to be without light for a while.”

“Who needs light?” Wesley replied, taking his hand and leading him over to the love seat that faced the sliding glass door. Wesley opened the door to let in the breeze, and pushed Will down onto the seat.

Wesley followed Will down, sitting as close as he could without actually sitting in his lap. Will wrapped his arms around the kid, and Wesley settled his upper body on Will’s chest, the hair on the top of his head tickling Will’s chin.

They stayed in that position for awhile, content to just watch the storm raging outside, the warmth of their bodies pressed together relaxing them immensely. They stayed in the position long enough for Will to start to doze, but didn’t get very far when he felt soft kisses being placed to his neck, his chin, his jaw, and when he smiled, kisses were placed to each of his cheeks, and then finally to his lips.

It was a long deep kiss, the kind that two people shared when they had all of the time in world, and compared to what little time they had had, it felt like they did have all of the time in world. They explored each other, tongues dancing, hands roaming, breaking apart to catch a quick breath, before moving in to explore some more.

They kissed until Will was lightheaded and breathless, until Wesley finally broke the kiss, tugging Will down into a laying position and arranging himself so that one leg rested in between Will’s, and an arm flung around Will’s waist, and his face pressed into the crook of Will’s neck. Will wrapped his arms around Wesley, one hand carding through the kid’s hair, the other stroking up and down his back.

It wasn’t the best place for him to lie - the love seat was a bit on the short side for him, his feet dangling off the edge, but he was comfortable and warm and happy, and he didn’t care about anything else.

They lay there wrapped up in each other for hours, watching the storm and trading slow, lazy kisses. They didn’t talk. There was no need for it. They lost track of time, the power not returning and the storm keeping the skies dark.

The need for food finally roused Will from his comfortable position in Wesley’s arms. He walked over to the replicator, the only modern convenience in a 21st century styled hotel, got them both some food, and rejoined Wesley on the love seat.

They ate in silence, still pressed close together, unwilling to break that contact for too long. Will needed to stretch, though. When he finished eating, he stood up and walked onto the balcony, some of the rain from the storm splattering onto him. It was refreshing.

Almost immediately, he felt Wesley press up against his back, wrapping his arms around Will’s waist. He placed his arms over Wesley’s, and relaxed into the embrace. He couldn’t remember the last time he had felt so relaxed. He wished he could share the entire week of shore leave with Wesley like this.

He turned around in Wesley’s arms, cupping his face and pressing a quick kiss to his lips. He pulled Wesley flush against his body, wrapping his arms around him and placing a kiss to the top of his head. Yes, he could definitely do this for a week.

“Will.” Wesley had finally broken the silence they’d had since the power outage had begun. He was looking up at Will with wide, earnest eyes.

“Yeah?”

“I want to go back inside and continue where we left off.” Will couldn’t help the smile that broke out on his face. He placed a kiss to Wesley’s lips.

“Sure, but this time let’s use the bed.” Wesley smiled at him, turned around and headed back into the room. He stripped down to his underwear as he made his way to the bed. Will followed, removing his clothes as well.

As soon as Will had joined Wesley under the covers, Wesley wrapped himself around Will. The smile that had been on Will’s face widened as he returned the favor and wrapped himself around Wesley. He loved Wesley’s enthusiasm.

They spent the rest of the day wrapped around each other and trading kisses, and when sleep finally overcame Will, his last thought was that he had just spent the entire day cuddling and making out with Wesley, and that it had been one of the best days of his life.