The SR2's Kodiak shuttle was, like everything else about the ship, shiny and new. Cerberus certainly spared no expense. For the first time, however, Dylan didn't bounce out of it with the air of a confidant commander or the satisfaction of a job accomplished. Time was starting to catch up to him in more ways than one.

Thirty-one was older than twenty. Even if he didn't count the two years he'd been laying on the Lazarus table, twenty-nine was still plenty older than twenty. The Illusive Man was proud of bringing him back 'unchanged,' and Miranda was proud of the technical accomplishment if not the lack of a control chip in his head, but 'unchanged' had its downsides. The cybernetics meant to replace or at least hold up parts of his body that the technicians couldn't rebuild perfectly didn't change the fact that his limits had shortened.

At almost-thirty, because damned if he was going to be thirty already so long as he had an excuse to think of himself as a couple of years younger, Dylan wasn't over the hill yet. After three days of no sleep and running around Illium to find Krios and Samara before being confronted with Grunt's unexpected, if not inappropriate need to get to Tuchanka.

He needed to take a shower and get some sleep. There was still work to do, though, so it would wait until he could at least set a new destination. That accomplished, he trudged up to the cockpit, where EDI obediently floated on her holographic emitter next to Joker.

Joker himself, who would be more prone to call EDI 'annoying' instead of 'obedient,' soon turned around in his chair. “Hey, Commander. Nice job with Grunt and Mordin's problems. Glad to know we're not the only ones with drama. Probably the only ones who go around killing Threshers like it's easy. Well, you, 'cause I sure don't, obviously.”

Realizing that this was Joker's way of making a compliment, Dylan let his posture slump a little so his muscles could un-tense. He felt way too wired, like his brain hadn't been able to get out of combat just yet. “I try to avoid drama, Joker, but it just tends to find me.”

“Well, that's why I'm happy just where I am,” Joker reclined back in his seat as much as he could, the leather squeeking underneath him. “Get to have all the adventure, most of the pay and none of the bad attention. And...none of the good attention, either, I guess that's a downside. I mean, I can only guess why you don't pay attention to all the chicks hitting on you constantly, but send some my way, would you?”

“Not interested, is all,” Dylan answered, truthfully. Still, he wondered how much Joker's humor here was just a gag and how much might've been covering something up. Considering that Joker's well-being was just as important to him as the rest of the crew's, Dylan decided to just ask. He'd never thought about Joker enough, and it really wasn't fair. “You're not...lonely, are you?”

Head tilting to the side, Joker said, “Strange thing to ask, there, Commander. Regret turning Liara and Miranda down all of a sudden?”

“No, I just...well.” Joker himself suited Dylan more than Liara, he almost said. He didn't want to sound like he was making a come-on, though. Pausing to think of decent words, Dylan continued with, “It's just that you're about the only friend I have who doesn't have an awful past haunting them. The only one that doesn't tell me about it, at least.” Another pause. “Don't get me wrong, I care; it's just harder to care when you don't say anything.”

“Harder to pay attention to me, you mean?” Joker shrugged. Before Dylan could answer, he added, “S'alright. No deep, dark secrets from me, my disease is my great big source of angst. Seriously, though, if you're going to turn down Miranda, too, tell her I'm game. Hell, she probably doesn't play nice, but that'd be worth some cracked ribs.”

Silent until now, EDI finally got in on the conversation. “Ms. Lawson is unlikely to reciprocate your desires, Mister Moreau. Her psychological profile suggests she is unused to the interaction a relationship requires as a side-effect of the effort she puts into her work.”

“Just a joke, EDI,” Joker sighs. “Next she'll be giving me the birds and the bees talk or warning me I should still use condoms when I'm on my knees. 'Oral sex is still sex! You don't know where he's put that!'”

“My vernacular is somewhat...less excited than the way you describe, Mister Moreau.”

Dylan didn't even hear EDI. The conversation had taken one hell of a bizarre turn, to the point where he wondered if he was dreaming. Had Joker just, in an extremely casual manner, said what he thought he'd said? “Wait, 'on your knees?'”

What seemed like a very long silence followed, the sounds of the Normandy cruising along and the hum of the engines vibrating through the hull the equivalent of crickets chirping in the background. Eyes blinking twice, Joker said, “Did you...not know I swing both ways?”

Crossing his arms and leaning against the bulkhead, Dylan regarded Joker with something like playfulness. This day had gone from tiring to strange. “Should I?”

“Yes!” Joker protested. And then; “Well...no, it's not like I make a big deal out of it. Except for right now, but this is by accident. But, you don't need to worry or anything, it's not like I'm one of those depraved bisexuals. Just, you know, it's easier with guys sometimes. My legs aren't so trashed I can't kneel. Plus, I get to undress you with my eyes every time you come to see me for my meaningful insight, Commander.” Tone of voice obviously geared for more joking, Joker nevertheless didn't realize how this sounded until he'd already set it. One more awkward silence later, during which time Dylan looked himself over self-consciously, Joker said, “Uh...that was creepier than I meant.”

“It's okay, Joker.” Dylan was, after all, almost thirty. Maybe it was inappropriate, but after depressing himself over how a few measly days without sleep made him want to keel over and die, being told he was attractive made him feel a lot better. “I appreciate the flattery. And the honesty.”

“Well, that's good,” Joker said. “I feel a little less like I rammed my foot into my mouth, now.”

“That figure of speech is somewhat inappropriate to the situation at hand, Mister Moreau.”

“Thanks, EDI,” Joker rolled his eyes. “I so care.”

He turned to leave before Joker could say anything else, smiling the entire time. All of that weirdness aside, he still had a set of armor to peel off, a shower to stand under and a bed to drop into.