The Swimming Gala at Blanke Schande.

You may remember that I went to Blanke Schande with Becky on her first
day and ended up with a job in the office. By now I am quite used to going
naked not only at the school but also at home and in the car going to work. I
had just dried off after my shower and dressed to go to work, that is I’d put a
pair of slip ons on my feet so they didn’t slip of the pedals in the car. This was
an evening trip as I had promised to help out at the swimming gala, maybe this
was a chance to see all those guys naked. I picked up my handbag, I always
felt naked without it and where else could I put my keys? Stepped out onto our
driveway and pulled the front door shut behind me.
‘Coo-ee!’ Called my neighbour Janice, ‘Just going out?’
Now it’s not too bad seeing my neighbour when I’m naked as we have a
tallish hedge which she can just about see over and it does not allow her to
see I’m naked. ‘Yes, just helping out at the swimming gala.’
‘Can I come with you? I’ve heard you’ve got a job at that Blanke Schande
college and I’ve often wondered what it’s like there. I’ve heard rumours they all
go naked.’
‘That’s right, well at least all the girls do’
A slightly disappointed voice came back. ‘I’d still like to see if it’s true. Can I
join you?’
‘Well! Just so long as you realise all the women on the campus have to be
naked you can come with me. See you at the gate.’
I hopped into my car and backed down the drive. Janice was waiting at the
gate in jumper and trousers. Was she going to get a surprise, first when I
popped the door of the car open for her and later when she had to strip to be
allowed on campus. She slid into the passenger seat and looked at me with
wide, surprised eyes. ’You’re naked’, she exclaimed as she pulled the door to
and I backed into the road.
‘Saves undressing when I get to the college,’ I explained as she turned her
eyes firmly to the front for the rest of the drive. I turned in through the gate and
parked in my own allocated space and killed the engine. Becky and a few of
her friends were waiting to greet me. They were used to me being naked and
waited for Janice to shed her thick covering. Janice waited to go into the
college.
‘You have to take all your clothes off before you can come in, Janice,’ said
Becky, waiting.
‘Can’t I keep them on. I’m only here as a visitor.’
‘Nope, sorry, everything off. Here, we’ll help you. Maybe you’ll feel better if
somebody else helps you off with your clothes.’
Now half a dozen pairs of eager hands can make very short work of
removing a woman’s clothes despite her protests. Attempts to hang onto them
which become ever more frantic as they got down to removing a very thorough
bra and quite voluminous panties. Janice was soon standing there as stark
naked as the rest of us and showing she wore a one piece swim suit for
sunbathing. Her protests that she wanted to go home and would I please take
her were in vain and she was dragged unwillingly through into the pool area.
She rapidly found herself a seat, sat down, firmly crossed her legs and folded
her arms across her ample breasts.
‘Hello,’ said Principle Tom, ‘Brought a friend with you?’
‘Yes, she said she wanted to see the college. I did warn her, slightly, but
she still came.’
‘I must admit I have some sympathy with her, ‘said Tom, ‘This is the first
time I have had to get naked and as you can see all the guys have been
persuaded by the girls to join the naked throng. They were told that swimming
costumes were unhygienic by the girls’
Now mature lady that I am I had often wondered what some of the guys
would look like naked and now was my chance to check. I must admit that
most of them were very well hung - or was it the embarrassment of being
naked in front of a crowd of naked ogling girls that was doing it?
Tom did the honours of calling the participants as they were needed for the
events. We ladies of the college, which included all the female lecturers, stood
at the ends of the lanes and called when the swimmer touched. As they were
much lower than us in the water they did get a rather good view of the
decorations between our legs particularly as we all shaved the area of interest.
It did seem that some of the guys were less controlled than others and that
standing at the starting blocks or on the diving stages when they got rounds of
applause - and cat calls about the size of their apparatus - caused erections
which I am sure slowed them down in the water. As they stood around before
and after the events the girls, who had been naked at all times in the college,
particularly those in mixed events with their boyfriends took advantage of the
opportunities offered and held onto their boyfriends cocks which did nothing
for their control and some went for a quick check of their towels to prevent
soiling the pool surround.
I am still not too certain who won what but everybody except Janice had
great fun ad enjoyed the events. I, who should be at an age when I am beyond
such things, enjoyed the displays of cocks in all stages of arousal which were
available for view and the college girls made certain the opportunity to take a
firm hold on their boyfriends appreciated the function.
Tom clapped his hands, ‘Refreshments in the canteen, no clothes allowed,
lads, are now being served.’
I grabbed Janice’s hand and prised her out of the seat, ‘Come on, you can
stand behind a table which will at least cover your pubes even if not your tits.’
A red faced Janice poured tea, I took the money and Tom ensured ALL the
students were in the canteen rather than taking advantage of the mutual
nudity of both sexes.
The staff and helpers were asked to stand for a vote of thanks and I helped
Janice to stand in front of the whole college. They could pick her out and she
got a comment and a round of applause for being the only female who had not
shaved her pubes.
Time to go. Out to the car and Janice searched valiantly for her clothes. ‘In
the trunk,’ whispered Becky as she held the door open for Janice who
abandoned the search in favour of sitting inside the car.
We drove home naked with Janice protesting about her nudity all the way
and even more so when I made her get out of the car naked and walk to her
front door.
I recovered the Janice’s clothes the next morin and put them in a carrier
bag, which was lucky, as her husband came to the door to collect them for
her. I think he had a description from Janice about the gala and has vague
hopes of attending the next one. He has, after all only seen me naked the
other side of the hedge.

Jenny.