The day he finally coaxed every thread of clothing from Daniel's body, comforting him with kisses and gentle touch, the day that he slowly tuned away the scars, every memory of the strangers - that was when he finally saw the ring. Always around Daniel's neck on a gold chain, always hidden safely under his clothes... and the twin in everything but colour of the ring that had been hidden away at the back of John's bureau. He had assumed that it was his - Murdoch's wedding ring. But now....

He held the rings side by side, turning them over in his hands. "Where did it come from?"

"I don't remember, John. I believe that they... took my memories, more than once. To keep me compliant." His lover gave a soft, bitter laugh, but continued. "It was in my pocket, the night you woke up," he explained slowly, and looked up at him in confusion. "But what does it mean?"

Strange, to have Daniel looking to him to answers, when it was Daniel that had always provided them. He slipped the ring onto Daniel's finger, chain and all, realizing belatedly that he'd placed it on his left hand, where a wedding ring would be. With a frown of thought he slipped his own back into its intended place, ignoring for a moment Daniel's questioning gaze.

"There's things that I remember, sometimes," he started slowly, "things that didn't - haven't - happened. Just flashes of memory, really. Perhaps dreams. Things that come back to me at strange times, like now. I remember putting this ring that I've never seen before on your finger at the Hotel Grand."

Daniel stared at him, then shook his head slowly. "John, I don't understand...."

He reached over to take Daniel's hand in his, looking down at the ring, stroking the back of his hand with his thumb. "I've always felt for you," he said, voice low and warm. "So strongly, Daniel. It confused me, back when...." he didn't have to finish that sentence without invoking memories of their meeting, near the end of that eternal night. "I thought it was hatred, or fear. But I couldn't shake the sense that I needed to keep you with me, no matter what happened. Protect you from Them, as much as I..." a soft, self depreciating laugh. "As much as I lashed out at you."

"John, don't...."

He gave a little shake of his head, pressed his lips to Daniel's temple. "When the fight was over, I knew that I loved you. I didn't understand it, but I knew. With every part of me, I loved you. Scared the hell out of me, to have such strong feelings for you. The more I thought about it, in the weeks after we freed the city, the more I stopped believing that it came from the memories you gave me. It wasn't the love a child would have for his teacher, or a man for his friend." He looked up at Daniel now, freeing his hand to touch the man's cheek. "I loved you, completely and totally, so much that I stay by myself in Shell Beach, I couldn't bare the thought of being without you. What if that came from before? What if the beginning of us was long before I kissed you in the elevator? Something they took from you, something I... something they erased from me?" His voice lowered, thumb brushing against Daniel's full lower lip. "What if that love was strong enough to survive all the chemicals, all the fake memories they pumped into us?"

"What if my heart never forgot you, even if my mind did?" Daniel smiled softly, thoughtfully, and kissed the pad of John's thumb. "Perhaps we can find out, together. There are things I can check... perhaps." He gave a warmer smile, more real, and caught his mouth in a lingering kiss. "Until then... I will wear your ring, for everyone to see."

John caught his hand, lifting it to press a soft kiss to the band. "I will, too. A symbol of everything you mean to me and everything we've overcome. Of how lucky I have to have you in my life."

~~~~~