Flashback: Jack’s POV

Jack arrived home, disappointed that Ianto had not wanted his company. Was he just a notch on Ianto’s bedpost?

Stripping out of his work clothes, he lay on top of his bed, considering his relationship with Ianto. Ianto had been thinking about Saturday night – and the look on his face on Saturday when...

Ianto collapsed spent beside Jack. Jack had rocked Ianto in his arms until the young man’s coherency had returned. In the kiss that followed Jack had tried to convey how he felt, what he wanted.

He felt a stirring in his groin, followed by his stomach rumbling. Sighing, he headed into his kitchen. The fridge was all but bare, but he found a frozen lasagne at the back of his freezer. After popping it in the oven, he sank into his couch, heavy eyes closing.

Jack had pushed Ianto onto his back. Breaking the kiss, he had dipped his head, licking the sweat from between Ianto’s collarbones, down his sternum to his semen coated abdomen. Jack had licked, lazily, at the drying stain on Ianto’s skin. Ianto had groaned when Jack had scraped his teeth through the smattering of hair, freeing globules of drying semen.

Jack allowed his hand to slide between Ianto’s legs. They had kissed, Jack’s hand pumping Ianto’s flaccid cock. Deepening the kiss, Jack began grinding his groin against Ianto’s hip. Arousal so soon seemed impossible, but both men’s cocks were stirring.

The oven timer pinged. Jack dragged himself through to his kitchen. Removing the lasagne from the oven, Jack’s thoughts drifted back to Saturday night.

Rolling on top of Ianto, Jack broke the kiss. Their eyes met; cocks rubbed together.

“Oh, God, Ianto. You do the most amazing things to me. I’d never imagined...” A fierce kiss silenced Jack.

“Would you fuck me Jack?”

“I... I don’t know, Ianto. I... I... ”

Ianto rolled them, so Jack was under him. His fingers entwined with Jack’s hair. “It doesn’t matter.” They kissed. “When you’re ready.”

The lasagne was barely warm when Jack finally sat down to eat it. His cock was semi-erect at the memory of Saturday. The things Ianto had done to him; the feel of Ianto’s cock in his arse; tongue down his throat; his cock down his throat.

Ianto slid down Jack’s body, ghosting kisses, feather light touches, reaching his groin. Jack groaned as Ianto’s mouth engulfed his cock. Ianto was good, real good. Jack’s cock was nearly hard under Ianto’s gifted mouth.

“Where did you learn to do that?” Jack had gasped. Ianto had chuckled, the vibrations going straight to Jack’s head. “Ianto. I... I want to... you know.”

Ianto released Jack’s cock with a pop. Grinning, he moved to kiss Jack. “No, Jack. Tell me what you want.”

Jack blushed, ducking his head into Ianto’s neck. “I... I would like to... to make love to you.”

Finishing his dinner, Jack washed up, before heading into his shower. Standing under the spray, Jack gently grasped his cock, stroking slowly.

Ianto worked Jack’s cock, hands and mouth synchronised in brining pleasure to Jack, and, ultimately, to himself.

“Can I ride you Jack?”

“Anything you want, Ianto.” Jack gasped. “Just keep doing that to me... ”

“Will you prep me?” Jack reached for the lube, rolling Ianto in the process. Lubing his hands, Jack reached between Ianto’s legs, fondling his balls, before reaching Ianto’s anus.

The water was starting to run cold. Jack switched the shower off, grabbed a towel, and went to his bedroom. He dried himself, before lying, naked, on his bed.

Ianto’s anus had been tight. Jack’s fingers circled the tight ring of muscle, before probing the tightness. He worked his way through the tightness, first finger knuckle deep. Ianto groaned; Jack pushed deeper, wiggling his finger, stretching Ianto enough to insert a second finger.

“More, Jack,” Ianto gasped as Jack inserted a third finger, scissoring, stretching, lubing Ianto, until...

... Ianto flipped him. “Need you now, Jack.” Ianto lowered himself, lining himself up with Jack’s cock. He groaned as his body engulfed Jack, inch by inch, lowering himself, impaling himself on Jack.

Fully seated, Ianto used Jack’s shoulders to balance himself. Jack grasped his hips, helping the younger man to find his rhythm.

Fisting his cock, Jack imagined it was Ianto riding him, like he had on Saturday night. His other hand slid between his legs, grasping his balls.

Ianto moved his hands, grasping Jack’s balls with one hand, the other stroking his own cock, increasing his pace. Jack’s hips were bucking under him, his movements becoming more erratic.

Ianto came first, shooting his load over Jack. His muscles clenched around Jack, pulling his orgasm from him, milking him for every drop. Jack screamed his release, Ianto’s name on his tongue.

A knock on his door roused Jack from his reverie. Rising, he grabbed a t-shirt and jogging trousers, and headed to the door.

Opening it, he smiled. Ianto pushed Jack against the wall, fiercely kissing him, as his foot kicked the door closed.