“You all packed and ready to go?”

“Just about.”

His mom sat down on the bed next to his duffel and the rest of his clothes. She just sat and watched him finish packing.

“Something you want to say, Mom?” She sighed and looked away like she was contemplating whether or not she should say anything to him. Wesley just waited. Finally, she turned back to him.

“You’re happy, aren’t you, Wes?”

“Yeah, I really am.” He couldn’t help the smile that broke out over his face. She reached out and grabbed his arm.

“You’re in love.” He didn’t say anything, he just nodded and felt his smile grow, even as he felt heat rise in his face.

“Does he reciprocate?”

“Yeah, he does.”

“Oh Wes, you’re in love and I can’t even meet the guy.”

“Mom.”

“I know, I know.” Wesley zipped up his duffel and slung it over his shoulder.

“What about your commbadge, Wes?”

“I’m not taking it, but don’t worry. Will knows where I’ll be.”

“Yes, Will.” His mother let out a sigh and looked away from him.

“Mom, are you jealous that I talk to Will about the guy?”

“Wes, I do wish that you would talk to me, but I know that you trust Will and that the two of you are close, and that you possibly even see him as a father figure.”

Wesley snorted. “I definitely do not see Will as a father figure, but he is a good guy and I do trust him.”

His mom was quiet, and when she turned back to look at him, she had a look of…well, that look someone gets when something clicks. What had he said?

“What did you say?”

“What? I don’t know what you’re talking about?”

“You said you don’t see Will as a father figure.”

Oh right. Wesley had said that. He kicked himself mentally. How couldn’t believe he had said that, and now his mom was still looking at him funny, muttering under her breath about things adding up and making sense.

He couldn’t deal with this now. He turned and started heading out of their quarters.

“Wesley.” He stopped just before he got to the door, but didn’t turn around. He heard his mother get up and walk towards him. She placed a hand on his shoulder and squeezed.

“Have fun, Wes. And happy birthday.” Wesley turned to look at her and was surprised to see her smiling. He opened his mouth to say something, but no words came out, so he just nodded his head and left, making his way towards the transporter room.

He was pretty sure his mother had just figured out that Will was the man that he loved. He would have to tell Will, he knew that. He couldn’t do it today though. It was his birthday and it was the first day of shore leave. If Will found out today, it would probably spoil their week.

He knew Will wouldn’t like his decision to wait and tell him, but Wesley really had been looking forward to this week. They were actually going to get to spend time together and not have to sneak around to do it. And for a whole week.

Will had told him to be at the transporter room at a certain time so that other people wouldn’t be around. He was just on time, and when he walked in he was greeted by Worf and Miles. Worf greeted him with just a “Wesley” but Miles was a little more enthusiastic.

“Wesley! Happy birthday!”

“Thanks Miles.”

“Are you ready to go meet up with Will?”

“Yeah. Wait, what?” Miles laughed.

“Don’t worry, Wes. Will told me. He figured it would be easier this way, and we’re pretty good friends so he trusted me.” Wesley shrugged and stepped onto the transporter pad. Miles winked at him.

“Have fun, Wes.”

Wesley rolled his eyes and was suddenly surrounded by trees and facing a cabin. The air was cool and fresh. It would seem that Will had gotten them a cabin in the mountains.

He walked towards the cabin and could see Will sitting out on the porch. He looked good, relaxed in jeans and a t-shirt. It was so good to see him like that.

When he got to the porch, Will got up to greet him.

“Hey birthday boy,” he said, pulling him in for a kiss and a hug.

“Come on,” he said, draping an arm around his shoulders. “Let’s drop your bag off and I’ll give you a tour of the cabin.”

They dropped Wesley’s bag off in the bedroom. It had a wonderfully large bed that made him just want to curl up and go to sleep right there. Attached to the bedroom was the bathroom. It didn’t have a tub, but it had a two-person shower.

The cabin itself wasn’t that large. Other than the bedroom and the bathroom, there was a kitchen and a living room. Then there was the front porch and a back patio.

Will took him out onto the back patio where there was a huge hot tub. When he managed to look away from that, he saw what was sitting right in their backyard. A pristine mountain lake.

“It’s beautiful, Will.”

Will came up behind him and wrapped his arms around him. He relaxed into Will’s embrace, and Will rested his head on Wesley’s shoulder. They stood there for a few minutes admiring the beauty surrounding them. Will had done an excellent job picking out the place.

“So,” Will whispered into his ear. “What do you want to do first?”

His stomach growled in answer and Will chuckled, warm breath ghosting along his neck. He shivered and turned in Will’s arms, wrapping his own around Will’s neck. He kissed Will deeply, and it was so nice to be kissing Will somewhere other than his quarters.

“Come on. Let’s go make something to eat.”

“Make something?”

“Yeah, I made sure the kitchen was stocked before we got here. I thought cooking together could be fun.”

Wesley followed Will into the kitchen. It was definitely stocked.

“So, what do you want to eat?”

“I don’t know. How about omelets?”

“Omelets it is, then.”

Will started pulling ingredients out of the pantry and the refrigerator, and handed some vegetables to Wesley for him to start chopping.

They worked side by side, enjoying the silence and them just being together. He didn’t know about fun, but this was definitely nice. It was very domestic, and even though he was young enough that that should have bothered him, it didn’t. It was nice, it was relaxing, and it felt…right.

Suddenly Will was behind him again with his arms wrapped around him. He nuzzled at his ear before whispering to him.

“You were smiling.”

“Was I?”

‘Yes. I think you’re enjoying yourself.”

“I might be.”

Will nipped at his ear and started kissing along Wesley’s neck. One of Will’s hands made its way down Wesley’s body and palmed him through his jeans.

Will turned them around so that Will was leaning against the counter. Wesley settled back against him and rested his head on Will’s shoulder. Will undid Wesley’s jeans and slid a hand down beneath his briefs. His other hand slid up under Wesley’s shirt, travelling up to rub along his nipples.

Will was sucking a nice bruise onto his neck, and Wesley couldn’t help the groan that escaped as he started to thrust into Will’s hand.

“That’s right. Come for me, birthday boy.”

Will bit down on his neck in the exact same spot he had just been sucking on, and Wesley thrust into Will’s hand faster, and Will tightened his grip, running his thumb along the slit, and Wesley was crying out his release.

He slumped against Will as he worked to even out his breathing. Will was leaving kisses along his jaw when Wesley finally caught his breath. He turned and tried to undo Will’s jeans, but Will swatted his hand away.

“Go wash up and change. I’ll finish up out here.”

‘But what about you?”

“Don’t worry about me. Today’s your birthday. I just wanna watch you come.” Those words made Wesley shiver. Will chuckled and leaned in to kiss him.

“Now go.” He turned Wesley around and swatted him on the butt. Wesley laughed and headed off to freshen up.

He came back out wearing a t-shirt and the most comfortable pair of pajama bottoms he owned. He stood there for a minute, just watching Will cook. The sight made him smile and warmed him from the inside out. He was beginning to see the possibility of a future with Will. Wesley’s breath caught in his throat. He could definitely get used to this.