Title: Father's Day Coupon Book



Summary: She gives daddy a special coupon book for father's day.



Keywords:inc,fic,erotic,hot




Andre Delgado heard the small chime come from his computer. Turning to look at the second screen, he touched the email icon the tapped the inbound email from his daughter. Just like his daughter Sophia to send an email when she was no more than yards away from where he sat.

Andre was one of those rare men who had the rugged looks that drew women like flies to a candle, yet refused to take advantage of it. In his youth he had played soccer and run track, and now in his forties he was still a regular at the local gym. His Greek heritage had given him the dark wavy hair and chiseled looks that most men would kill for. Yet, it was masking a bright mind that loved to solve puzzles, leading him into the computer and IT business.

Andre let the hacking program he was running continue, as he turned to read his daughters email. Yes, he was a hacker, and a legal one. Right now he was breaking into the user files of an investment firm. Once he was done, he would send them a full report on how to beef up their security. In today's growing cyber age, Andre had found his skills in high demand.

When he read the heading for happy fathers' day, Andre smiled to himself. So like Sophia to not only remember, but make a point of sending something to him. Andres' thoughts turned to the twenty-three year old beauty and love of his life. His daughter had inherited his Greek features, and then blended them with her mothers' Lebanese genes. The result was like watching a vogue model walk down a fashion runway.

Like her father, Sophia knew the reaction her body caused in men. While she enjoyed a bit of teasing and flirting, something her farther attributed to her young age, she never used her physical charms to win her something she had not earned.

Sitting on her father's lap for years, watching him work his magic at the keyboard, had fascinated the young woman. Now, completing high school and college with a degree in computer sciences, she had joined her fathers' consulting firm.

Andre had added almost a 'wing' onto his ranch home when Sophia had joined him. His portion of the house was one leg on the L-shape, while Sophia maintained an almost separate world in her portion of the other leg.

Andre had told his daughter it was for her privacy but he also knew something that lurked deep inside him, something he dared never let loose. The fact that every time she walked by him, he could feel that familiar stirring in his groin, and the thoughts that flowed into his mind; had motivated him to give her a separate home as much as anything.

Andres' wife had died almost four years past. Her semi-annual trip home to see her family in Lebanon had led to heartbreak for the Delgado home. Usually Sophia went with her mother to see her grandparents, this time she had not been able due to illness.

For the Delgado household it had been a blessing she had stayed home. The rocket that had been sent into the neighborhood where his wife's family lived had destroyed almost a full city block.

In one instant Andre had lost his wife, and almost her entire family. He had spent almost two years swept with grief, had it not been for Sophia, he was sure he would have lost his mind.

Shaking himself from the reverie, he focused back on his daughters email. Reading slowly he was stunned at the letter. Not the language, his daughter was an adult, Andre was no pure saint, at times in anger or frustration his own words were not the best. No, it was the content, the 'proposition' his daughter had sent that rocked his world.

Daddy

First and foremost, I want to tell you how very much I love you. You have made me the person I am and I am eternally grateful to you. For years, you have sacrificed yourself for this family. You have suffered loss and kept moving. You are a strong vibrant man who I am proud to call my father.

You are also a man. A man, who has needs, wants and desires. You have put those needs on the back burner for far too long. You have buried yourself in your work while I watched you do without the company youu often need. So, I am sending you a special Fathers' Day Coupon Book.

Please download it before you open it, I want you to hold them and read them or I know youu will never download them after you do.

You now know the what, so let's discuss who. Don't be a humble fool and deny what we both know, that any woman out there would rip her panties off in three seconds to be in your bed.

In fact, you are the subject of some rather lewd fantasies of a number of my friends, and have been for years. I know that both Emily and Gayle would love to ride your pony anytime you wanted.

Believe me dad you have one hell of a pony, and no I'm not telling you how I know. It's time you took that thing out of pasture and started riding the trails again.

So here is the deal. You pick the coupon, one per day. Write the name of who you want on it and I will make the contacts. If there is someone you know that's perfectly fine. I want her signature on the coupon and you give it back to me. No, I don't trust you to not fudge things.

Just, for once, enjoy Daddy.

Love Sophia

Andre reached over and pulled the small papers off his printer where he had sent the attachment. He had specified a modified label print so was able to slowly leaf through the coupons one at a time.

At first he had been amused by the descriptions. At first it was hot bubble bath, back massage, dinner. Then they started changing as he continued. Hot date came next, then full body massage followed by lap dance and striptease. He couldn't suppress the groan as he read some of the others. Blowjob, happy ending massage, position of choice; they began to get more and more sexual.

Andre pictured Emily with her slim hot body sliding over his lap; he could feel his cock thicken just at the thought. Then, the image of Sophia's raven haired friend Gayle kneeling sucking on his cock like a Popsicle stick caused a surge in his groin.

"Jesus" Andre murmured. Was his daughter serious? Had she really arranged for those two vixens to willingly take part in this? Then, the forbidden image hit home. The sight of his own daughter grinding her tight ass into his crotch as she swayed to some music, he felt his cock harden in record time.

"Fuck no" he groaned to himself.

He really needed to get laid, he thought. It had been well over a year since his last 'score'. While he knew he could walk into any bar in town and pick something up; to Andre that was the problem, it was a something not someone. For Andre there needed to be a connection or it was just physical.

Then again he thought, if he didn't do something soon...he shuddered remembering three days ago when he had stood in his kitchen and watched his daughter sunning by the pool, and without a second thought had jerked himself to one of the largest orgasms he had ever had.

First he had to test the waters, see if everything was real, or if his daughter was playing some kind of trick on him. He pulled one of the coupons out of the stack and swiftly wrote his daughters name on the piece of paper. Leaning over top his printer, he scanned the paper and sent it to his daughter, before he could change his mind.

For Sophia, trying to find something for her dad for Father's Day had been the yearly challenge. Then she had seen the love coupons advertised online during one of her infected web page searches.

She had quickly created her own version, not trusting some other site, and then screwed up her courage to send the letter to her father. She really didn't expect him to answer, and her mind was still circling over what to get him; when her email chimed and she saw her father respond.

Opening the email she stared at the message with her mouth half open. Holy Shit, she thought; he actually did it. Staring back at her was a scanned copy of the love coupon,

The coupon was for something she had actually thought up herself, it was the Home Cooked Dinner choice. Below the title her father had scrawled her name.

Her stomach did a small flip as she realized her father wanted her to cook him a dinner. Settle down thought, she admonished herself; it's just a damn dinner.

Sophia looked at her screen, seeing the search engine quietly going through IP addresses. Rising from her chair she walked from her small office to her bedroom. She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror and did a double take. Working from home was nice, but it meant she had not taken the time to really put any effort into her appearance, especially when she saw herself standing there in sweat pants and a loose sweatshirt. OK daddy, she thought, you want dinner; then its dinner time right now.

Rummaging through her dresser and then her closet, she laid out her clothing selection; her hands taking what her subconscious directed, without even realizing. It wasn't until everything was laid out that she did a double take.

Lying on her bed was a pale rose colored thong, beside a pair of form fitting jeans she knew hugged her hips and ass like a second skin. The light blue tank top had spaghetti straps that left her shoulders and upper body with plenty of exposed skin. In fact the low neck line plunged well beneath the curve of her breasts, showing of more cleavage that she normally did.

As she stared at herself in the mirror after dressing, she could see the deep valley of her cleavage showing back. OK, let's add the finale she thought.

For Andre, the request to his daughter had been forgotten as he plunged himself back into work. It wasn't until two hours later when his phone chimed with a text that it was brought back to him. The short text from Sophia told him "Dinner Is Served".

When he stepped into the dining room, Andre wasn't sure which drew his attention more. The food spread out on the table, or the vision standing beside the chair. He watched as Sophia turn her back to him and pulled the chair out for him to sit in. Forget the food, Jesus look at that ass Andre thought. The fabric of her jeans clung to every curve as she moved; he followed the seam as it disappeared between her firm thighs.

Numbly Andre walked to the chair and slowly lowered himself. Trying to distract himself he looked at the dish laid before him. Fresh vegetables on a single plate with tzatziki dip beside it and then the skewers of Souvlaki with just a hint of the grilling crispness showing on the meat. His daughter had gone all out preparing her father some of his favorite foods from home.

Sophia slowly unfolded the cloth napkin, and leaned down to lay the cloth in her father's lap.

"The meat looks delicious" Andre complimented his daughter.

"Yes it does" Sophia whispered softly. As she laid the cloth on his lap, her fingers pressed lightly against the bulge in his slacks.

Andre was stunned at his daughters touch, turning his head he opened his mouth to speak, but stooped dead as his eyes landed on her bent over his table setting. The tight tank top clung to the curves of her breasts, and his eyes locked on the globes of soft flesh that were only inches from his face. He saw two protrusions as her hard nipple pressed against the fabric. Jesus, she's not wearing a bra, he realized.

"Fuck me" he whispered softly.

"Enjoy your dinner daddy" Sophia traced a finger along his cheek. Her eyes locked with his.

Leaning closer, her warm breath filled his ear. "Just so you know...about your other comment" she whispered. "Anytime daddy...anytime." Her voice filled his ear.

Andre sat in shock as his daughter softly kissed his cheek and then exited the dining room, heading back to her own apartment. Holy God, he thought, did his daughter just proposition him. No, it couldn't be, he had to have misread her he decided.

All the way through the meal, Andre felt his cock continue to throb between his thighs. It simply refused to go down as continual images of his daughter's tight ass and swollen nipples filled his mind again and again.

Finally giving in, he hustled off to the bathroom where he disrobed and slipped into the shower. Standing under the warm spray his hand glided up and down the length of his cock. He tried to keep images of the honey blonde Emily or raven haired Gayle as he felt his cock throb. But it was the image of that luscious tight ass bent over the dining room table that caused his nuts to tighten up as he approached his release.

"Sophia" he gasped as his cock jerked. He closed his eyes to the image as the first jet of hot cum erupted from his cock to splatter against the wall of the shower.

Leaning against the shower wall he shuddered through his climax as feelings of both relief and revulsion swept through him. Dammit, he thought, tomorrow he needed to really take care of this issue or it was going to drive him insane.

The next day as lunch approached, Sophia felt her heart skip a beat as her email chimed from her father. Opening the letter she felt a mixture of happiness, yet something else as she saw his scanned coupon.

Andre had scrawled the name Emily below the coupon for lap dance, sending a tremor through Sophia. Her father had upped the ante of the present, but with Emily; she felt a sense of disappointment as she reached for her cell phone.

Andre pulled back from his desk as he heard music coming from the hallway leading to his office. His first thought was that Sophia had walked over with her ITunes playing. Instead, a totally unexpected vision walked through the door of his office.

He stared as Emily stood in the doorway for a moment, letting him take in the sight. Her honey blonde hair hung in waves to her shoulders as she smiled at him.

"Hey Mr. D" she said as she glided into the room.

Emily had cut off the lower half of a t shirt, so the edge hung just below the swell of her breasts. Her bare tanned belly glistened with some kind of oil as she moved. The tight jean shorts she wore clung to her ass like a glove, the frayed edges leaving wisps of threads along her firm thighs. When she bent and set the phone playing music on his desk, his eyes gravitated to the curve of her ass, he was shocked when he realized the cloth was so short, he could actually see the bottom crease of her ass.

Emily, are you sure" he started to ask.

The young girl turned and pressed her fingers to his lips. "Shhhh" she said softly. "You have no idea how sure I am Mr. D" she said in a throaty voice.

As the next song came on the small device on the desk, Andre watched as the young girl turned her back to him, slowly gyrating her hips as her hands reached back to run over the curves of her ass.

"You like my ass" her voice seemed to fill the room.

"Yes" Andre gave a strangled reply. His eyes were locked to the young girl, as he felt his cock threaten to rip through his slacks as it filled with blood.

The young girl stepped back and slowly lowered her ass until it rested in his lap. Slow circles drug the cheeks over the throbbing bulge as Andre couldn't hide the moan from the slight pressure.

"You want to fuck my ass?" her voice was almost hypnotic to him.

"God yes" Andre gasped back. His hands rested on her hips as she slowly slid up and down his turgid cock. The thick shaft sliding between her jeans covered cheeks.

"Mmmmmm" Emily softly moaned. "I love a hard cock shoved up my tight little ass." She murmured.

Andre felt like he could explode at any second, and then groaned as the young girl rose to her feet. He gripped the arms of his office chair as she turned to face him. His cock throbbed as she stretched her arms above her head, letting the short cloth of her cut t shirt rise until he caught the hint of the curve of her breasts. He watched as she reached down and slowly pulled the thin cloth over her head.

"Oh God" he moaned as her firm young breasts slid into view.

Swaying now to a second song, Emily slowly approached his chair. He legs straddled his as her breasts were only inches from his face.

You like my tits don't you Mr. D" her voice husky with desire.

"Fuck yes" Andre groaned.

Emily reached out and put her hands at the back of his head, pulling him forward. "Suck them Mr. D" she whispered hoarsely.

"Mmmmmm" was all Andre could groan as his mouth was filled with soft tit flesh. He sucked greedily at the hard nub in his mouth as he felt Emily start to gyrate on his lap.

He swore he could feel her heat through her jeans and his slacks as she pressed herself down harder on his throbbing cock. He could feel his balls start to pinch with that familiar tightness as the young girl moaned and trembled against him.

Andre had just started to reach for the young girl when a beep came from the phone resting on his desk. Before he could react, Emily slid from his lap and stood pouting in front of him.

"That's four songs Mr. D, that's all we get" she sighed.

Leaning down to pick up her discarded top, she turned and faced the handsome man. Leaning over so her firm breasts were again only inches from his face, she brought her lips to his ear.

"Maybe next time you'll pick another coupon" she whispered. "One that will give us both a happy ending." She nipped at his ear as she rose to her feet.

Stunned and horny beyond belief, Andre could only watch as the young girl picked up her phone and walked from the office. As he slowly rotated his chair back to his desk, he thought he caught a movement outside the office window. Sophia? He dismissed the thought, why would his daughter be watching them, he thought.

Andre spent the next few hours trying to will his cock to go back down, until he finally gave in to the gnawing hunger. In the late afternoon, he sent his daughter a quick text.

"Only one coupon per day" He asked.

It took a few moments until the answer chimed on his phone.

"One kind of coupon per day yes" his daughter answered. "You can use other coupons in the same day but only once per person." A second text told him.

Andre quickly rifled through the small slips, he found the one he wanted. Scribbling a name he then slapped it on the scanner and hit send, firing off a text at the same time to his daughter.

"Will that work?" he asked.

Andre waited for the few seconds before he heard his phone chime again.

"Yes." was the simple reply. It struck him as odd that the answer was almost curt, and what had taken so long to send a three letter text?

Andre shoved the thoughts to the back of his mind as he settled back in his chair and tried to focus on work. At least now he was going to get some kind of relief.

It was a little over an hour later he heard a soft voice come from the doorway behind him.

"I hear someone wants a massage, a rather special one" a young woman said quietly.

Andre turned to answer but could only sit and stare at the vision in the doorway. It was one that had burned in his mind numerous times this summer when Sophia would have her friends over to enjoy the pool.

Her friend Gayle stood calmly in the door, her tanned skin glistening from the summer heat. The bright yellow bikini she wore barely covered the swell of her breasts, while the bottom triangle clung to her obvious camel toe with a tightness Andre felt in his own slacks.

"Holy Christ" he whispered as he stared.

"I hope you don't mind Mr. D" Gayle smiled. "I like oil, but I prefer it on my skin not my clothes." Her gaze shifted to the growing bulge in his pants. "I'll take that as a yes" she laughed lightly.

"Why don't you change into your swimsuit and meet me by the pool" the young girl told him.

As she disappeared into the hall, Andre rose out of his chair, reaching down to adjust the already steel hard cock in his pants. The frustration of being left hanging earlier in the day had left him with an almost permanent hard on.

As he walked out through the dining room and towards the pool, he could see Gayle sitting on the edge of one of the loungers that had been laid flat. The young girl rose and patted the lounger.

"Right here Mr. D." she told him.

Andre wasn't worried about neighbors; the yard had an eight foot wooden fence surrounding it, guaranteeing privacy. He had put the fence up for his daughter and her friends after he had caught neighbors drooling over the hot young bodies in his backyard.

The thought that his daughter might see them briefly crossed his mind, but then vanished again as he stretched out on the lounger. The touch of Gayle's hands on his skin sent both a relaxing tremor through his body and a throb through his cock as he thought of the happy ending that would fulfill his hunger.

Gayle kneaded the broad shoulders of the man lying before her. She could feel her own suit bottoms damped as she finally got to touch the man of her dreams. As her hands ran up and down his muscular thighs, she leaned in and whispered in his ear.

"You know Sophia is right Mr. D" he felt her hot breath on his skin. "I would do the horizontal with you any time." She told him.

"I'm twice your age." Andre said as he glanced over his shoulder at the girl.

"That means you have twice the experience of any boy my age" Gayle smiled.

Andre groaned when her hand slid up between his thighs and cupped his balls through his swim trunks. He watched as Gayle sat up and reached behind her back for the knot to her swim top.

"Besides" she said softly as the cloth slipped away to reveal her breasts. "Would you say no to these?" she asked with a grin.

Andre stared as the firmest pair of 34C's he had ever seen filled his view. Her breasts literally stood straight out from her chest, capped with dark areoles and nipples that looked as hard as erasers.

"Jesus no" he whispered.

Silently Gayle stood, and then straddled the lounger at his knees. Slowly she dripped oil not onto his back, but over her jutting breasts. He could see them glisten as the oil clung to her firm mounds.

Slowly Gayle leaned forward and rested her body against his back. Slowly, she slid her oil slick form up and down his back. Andre shuddered as he felt her obviously hard nipples dragging along his skin.

"Oh fuck" Andre moaned as the sensations went straight to his groin. He could feel pre cum leaking from the tip of his cock and filling his swim trunks.

"Oh I would Mr. D. I would fuck you in a heartbeat." Gayle's voice filled his ear. "But then so would half of Sophia's friends, and I bet over half their mothers" her soft voice said.

"Oh my God" Andre gasped as her words sent a shockwave through his body.

He almost groaned as the young girl rose from pressing down on him. She knelt beside the lounger, "time to turn over Mr. D." she told him.

As Andre rolled over, his rampant cock tented the front of his swim trunk. He thought he caught the glimpse of a form in the patio door of Sophia's house, but his attention was drawn back by the young girl's voice.

"Hmmm" Gayle said. "There's something wrong here. "Oh yes" she reached out and slender fingers gripped the waist band of his trunks. "These are in the way" she began tugging the cloth down.

Andre raised his hips to let the girl slip the cloth free. He felt the head of his rigid cock catch in the top waistband, and then slap against his belly as the hard pole sprang free.

"Jesus Christ" Gayle whispered in awe. "You're bigger than I even dreamed." Her hand slowly crept towards his pulsing cock. "You have no idea how long I've wanted to see this monster" her voice stunned him.

"OH yessss" Andre moaned as he felt slender fingers wrap around his throbbing cock.

"Fucking awesome" he heard Gayle whisper. "God how big is it?" she couldn't help but ask.

"Ten inches" Andre couldn't stop the pride that filled his voice. The one thing life had granted him that he had always been proud of was the size of his cock. While some women had almost been frightened of his size; memories of his wife screaming out her pleasure every time he slammed into her filled his mind.

"Fucking hell" the young girl whispered. "And so thick" she almost moaned as she tried to wrap her small hand around him.

"Oh shit...yes" Andre grunted as the slender hand began to slide up and down his shaft.

"You like that Mr. D." the young girl's voice dripped with lust. "You like me stroking your hard cock?"

Andre arched his hips in time to the motion sending bolts through his heavy balls. His head rolled from side to side as the young thing kneeling beside him picked up her pace.

"You know what I wish" she moaned. "God I wish you would pick blowjob. Damn would I like to taste this thing?"

Andre could hear the slick slapping of her hand as it pumped up and down. His ass cheeks tightened as Gayle continued to drive him closer and closer to the edge.

He tried to look down and watch as this vixen expertly jerked him off with her oil slick hand. Glancing off to the side again, he was sure now, there was a form in the patio door to Sophia's house. He focused on the image even as he felt his balls tighten.

At first he thought she was simply standing and watching, and then he realized he could only see one hand at her side. Suddenly, he realized where her other hand was. Sophia had it jammed inside the waist of her sweat pants

Andre watched as her elbow flexed and extended. Oh God, he thought. My daughter is masturbating while her friend jerks me off. The enormity of what was happening shot from his brain straight to his nuts as he felt the heat inside his balls hit boiling.

"Oh fuck...going to...Oh Godddd" Andre moaned.

"That's it Mr. D, cum for me." Gayle stared at his cock in awe. "Shoot that hot jizz for me" she almost begged.

"FFFUUCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK" Andre roared as it felt like his brain short circuited.

Gayle watched in almost rapture as the first thick rope of hot cream shot straight into the air, then land with a splatter on his belly. She felt his cock jerk again in her grip, and just as the second rope erupted she felt her own belly spasm in response.

"Ohhh God, cumminnggg" she moaned; as she felt her own fluids gush out to soak her swimsuit bottom.

Andre felt the second rope follow the first into the air. His eyes locked to the vision of his daughter in the patio door. She had braced one hand on the glass and he could see her whole body shake and convulse as her own orgasm tore through her.

He didn't know which was hotter, the young thing convulsing while she knelt beside him, or the sight of his daughter exploding only yards from them. He only knew it drove his body insane as a third and then fourth smaller rope pumped out to coat the young girl's hand.

"Holy mother of God" Andre gasped as his body collapsed back onto the lounger.

"Damn you cum a lot Mr. D." Gayle croaked out.

Andre watched as the girl brought her cream covered hand up and slowly licked a thick glob from her fingers.

"Mmmmmmmm" Gayle shuddered. "God I love the taste of you" she moaned.

Andre could only lay limp as the after-glow of his orgasm filled his body. He watched as Gayle bent down and retrieved her swimsuit top.

"Next time do us both a favor" Gayle said as she tied her top back into place. "Pick position of choice Mr. D. I want you to mount me with that thing until I feel it in my throat while we both cum."

Even as spent as he was, Andre felt the twitch of returning hardness at Gayle's words. He could only watch as she gathered the oil bottle and walked from the pool area. Turning towards his daughter's patio door, he was startled to see her face more clearly this time.

There was a fire in her eyes Andre had never seen before. Lust...maybe he thought. More, he realized, it seemed as if she were almost jealous of what had just happened, and yet the whole thing had been her idea.

Later in the evening, as Andre cleaned the dishes from his dinner, he leaned into the sink and felt that familiar pulse through his cock as he pressed against the edge of the counter. He had thought the adventure with Gayle out by the pool would be enough to satisfy his desires. Instead, he found it had only whetted his appetite.

As he reflected on the day, a thought crossed his mind. Oh the lap dance had really gotten his engine running. While the happy ending massage from Gayle had been a tremendous turn on until he exploded like a firehose.

What he couldn't understand; was why he was still horny after all that? Oh it had been enjoyable, he couldn't deny, but it also lacked intimacy. He realized that both times had been sexual, but not sex. Not that gut wrenching, rutting, sweating sex that a man and a woman shared together.

Andre dried his hands and pulled his cellphone from his belt pouch and began punching in letters.

"Question" he shot off to Sophia.

"Shoot" came her quick reply.

Taking a deep breath, he punched in his question for the young woman who had watched him orgasm, not just for his daughter.

"Each coupon once a day, and each time a different person." He typed.

"Right" glowed on his screen.

"And if I want more, tonight?" he typed back.

He smiled as he waited for the reply. Once again, it was a bit slower in coming that before.

"Then you pick someone. You used my two." Sophia sent back.

Without answering, Andre walked down the hall and settled into his chair at his computer. Scanning one of the other coupons, he blanked it out, and then began typing. Satisfied with his work he sent it to his printer. Gathering the printed new coupon, and three others, he carefully wrote the name on each. This time taking his time to make sure there would be no question as to his choice.

Silently he slipped through the adjoining garage, and down the hall of his daughter's end of the house. He lined all three coupons on her desk beside her keyboard. This time they needed to be hand delivered, not emailed, he thought.

Returning to his end he headed for his bedroom and sent off his final text.

"On your desk." Was all he typed in.

Sophia sat on her couch and read the last text. She wasn't sure what was wrong with her. This had been her idea for God's sake. She had wanted her father happy, and she knew everybody needed physical release now and then, Christ even she did.

Her mind recoiled at the visions she had seen today. Seeing Emily doing that seductive dance had made her hot as hell. Then, when her friend had fed her tits to her father, an anger she couldn't recognize had erupted inside her.

Then, watching Gayle out by the pool with him; God, just the sight of his massive cock had driven her hand inside her sweatpants. What her father had seen was her orgasming, what he hadn't known was the single word that had flowed out of her mouth even as the waves had coursed through her belly.

She had repeatedly called her best friend a bitch. Not because she had given her father a hot hand job. That was part of the deal. She had suddenly realized it was because it was simply someone else doing the act, not her.

Now, her father was, wanting more. What did she expect, she admonished herself. He's a vibrant handsome man still in his prime. Why wouldn't he want to bury his cock into some tight young thing?

Sophia tried to hold her frustration and anger in check as she walked towards her office. My office, she thought. Why didn't he just email it like the last time?

Sophia stood at the edge of her desk and stared down at the four slips of paper before her. Blowjob and then Taste of Heaven were the first two followed by Position of Choice; those three she recognized from her coupon book. It was the fourth one that caught her attention. Cum Inside, she had never made that one. She realized her father must have created a coupon of his own. Little bastard, she thought.

Then, the name he had written. Oh my God, Sophia thought. He couldn't be serious; it had to be a mistake. With trembling hands she picked up her phone. Hesitantly, she type in a text for her father.

"The name is wrong" Sophia's hand trembled when she hit the send.

"No" instantly came back on her phone. Oh God, she almost moaned.

Quietly she crossed through her house, then through the adjoining garage. Walking through her father's house, she passed by the door to his office. Standing at the half open door to the master bedroom, she hesitated.

"Did he really mean...could she?" she asked herself.

As she gripped the small papers in one hand, she slowly eased the door open; the rest of the room coming into view. First the foot of the bed, then...her eyes took in her fathers' feet and claves. Stepping into the room her eyes traveled up his muscular thighs, dear God was he...then she felt like her knees would buckle as her eyes locked on the hard cock standing tall only feet from her.

Sophia looked up, locking eyes with her father. Her mouth opened, but she couldn't find the right words. God did her body respond; she could feel the rush of moisture that once again filled her sweatpants.

"You can set the papers down, turn and leave." Andre spoke softly. "Or..." he left the word hanging.

"God help me, I want the or." Sophia answered in a hoarse voice.

"Then why are you still dressed" she could hear the passion in her fathers' voice.

Sophia dropped the small slips to the bedroom floor and in one motion jerked her sweat top over her head. Andre watched as she quickly pulled her sweatpants down, stepping out of the cloth.

The mix of her Greek and Lebanese heritage made a perfect blend in the figure that stood before him. Her dark eyes glittered with lust, surrounded by long waves of raven hair. Her slender frame accented by the curve of by the middle-eastern tan that made her skin like sun kissed bronze.

His eyes took in her full 36C breasts which stood firm and proud, her chest rising and falling with her increasing breathing. The flare of her hips curved inward to a hidden valley just slightly covered by the dark curls of hair. She trimmed he realized, but like a true Greek woman refused to totally shave off the mark of being a woman.

"Beautiful" Andre whispered as he took her in.

Sophia was not idle either, her gaze swept over her father's strong biceps and across his broad chest lightly covered with just slightly graying hairs. Then down over the slight belly that age had given him, but days in the gym had kept hidden. Then, there it was. She almost moaned at the sight of ten inches of hard, fat cock lying across his belly.

"Magnificent" Sophia whispered.

"So, only one use per coupon?" her father asked with a smile.

Sophia stepped to the foot of the bed, then on hands and knees crawled between her fathers' thighs. He watched as her firm breasts hardly swayed with her movement. Her nipples more than evident were rock hard.

Sophia reached out and wrapped her hand around her fathers' cock, amazed her slender fingers could not even get around the full girth. She looked up into her father's eyes.

"If you think this is only going to be once old man" she half growled. "Then think again."

"You think you have what it takes to satisfy a man?" Andre stared back. "Then prove it little girl, suck your fathers' cock." His voice grated.

Egged on by her father, Sophia leaned down, opening her mouth. Without a word she slammed her mouth over his thick rod, pulling him in deep. The silence of the room filled with the wet slurp of her tongue.

"OH fuckkkk" Andre groaned as his daughter gagged slightly on his cock. He stared down at the obscene sight of his daughter bobbing her head up and down his shaft. He watched as barely over half of his throbbing cock slid in and out of her mouth.

"What, too big for you little girl" Andre groaned at the sight.

With a wet sucking noise Sophia pulled her mouth free, a string of her own saliva dripping from her chin.

"It's a fucking monster" she gasped. "And I'm going to take the whole thing if I have to fucking choke to death doing it."

Before Andre could even respond, Sophia's hot sucking mouth closed back over his cock. He could only watch as she forced her mouth further down his hard shaft.

"Oh shit yessss, suck me baby" Andre moaned as raw pleasure coursed through him.

While his little interlude with Gayle by the pool had been good, it paled compared to the woman kneeling between his thighs right now. With each downward thrust of her head, Sophia took more and more of his cock down her throat. He could hear her gag as she relaxed her throat muscles trying to take more.

For Sophia the sheer scent and taste of her father was driving her body insane. Tears flooded her eyes as she rammed her mouth down harder and harder. She could feel her spit dribble out of her open mouth to coat his cock and balls.

Andre stared in wonder as more and more of his cock disappeared inside this wonderful woman's sucking throat and mouth. Then, he felt it, as Sophia buried her nose in the curls of his pubic hair.

"Fuckkkkkkkkkkkk Sophiaaaaaaaaaaaaaa" Andre moaned as he felt his entire cock bathed in her spit.

Not since his wife had he been with a woman who could take his entire length down her throat. For Andre it was like returning to the heaven of his youth as his daughter devoured his cock.

"ULlkk eeee" Sophia gurgled around her fathers' rod, feeling it pulse along the walls of her throat. "Ullkkk eeeeeeee" she moaned.

At first Andre wasn't sure what she was trying to say, and then his hands lowered until his fingers tangled in her raven hair. He tilted her head back until he stared into his daughters' tear stained eyes.

"You want me to fuck that pretty little mouth don't you" he hissed down at her.

The fact her mouth was stuffed full of throbbing cock prevented the young girl from answering her father. Yet, the glow that lit her eyes was more than enough for Andre.

The older man began to his hips as his cock drove in and out of Sophia's tight throat. Most of the time he tried to keep the last few inches back, but every now and then he would slam her face down hard into his groin, hearing her gag and choke, then gasp for breath when he jerked her mouth off his slick cock.

"Oh God Daddy...daddy..." Sophia mewled as strings of her own spit coated her chin to drip on top his spasming belly.

Andre could feel the familiar tightening in his balls; he knew if he kept this up he would dump a hot load straight down her sweet throat. No, his mind screamed. Not the first time, that he wanted to be deep inside her while he stared into her eyes.

With an almost animal growl, Sophia felt her father pull her slender form off his magnificent cock. She moaned in disappointment as he all but manhandled her slight frame back onto the bed.

"Time for coupon number two" she heard her father rumble between her thighs.

She dimly tried to think what coupon two had been, and then a piercing scream filled the air as she felt his hot mouth close over her aching pussy. Her back arched as his face pressed between her thighs, her hands shooting down to grip the sides of his head as his talented mature tongue probed deep inside her.

"Oh fuck...yes...yes..." Sophia babbled. Her mind almost blanked as her father swirled his tongue around her sensitive clit, and then drove it back inside her.

Sophia had been with her share of men in her life, even a couple of women. She had experienced many a talented tongue licking and sucking at her sweet honey. But this, this stretched far beyond anything she knew. Her father was expertly devouring every inch of her gushing cunt and her body exploded in raw pleasure.

"EAT MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE" Sophia screamed as she felt a bomb go off in the pit of her belly.

It was all the things she had read about in stories, but had thought was fantasy from some enraptured writer. She felt her toes curling as her feet dug into the bed, sparks started flashing behind eyes that rolled back in her head.

"Da...Da..." she gurgled. Her hips lifted off the mattress of their own will as she felt her hot juices spray out to coat her fathers' face.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm" Andre hummed, sending more vibrations through her abused cunt. His girl was a squirter, just like her mother, and he loved every drop as he drank deeply of her.

"Oh fuck...to good...too goodddddd" Sophia moaned as her limp body collapsed back onto the bed. She could feel the electric bolts shoot through her belly as she weakly tried to push her fathers' head from between her quaking thighs.

Andre rose up on his arms, sliding his weight up her jerking body. He stared down at his daughter just as he felt the swollen head of his cock lightly press against her swollen lips.

"Open your eyes Sophia" her father softly called down to her. She blinked trying to refocus her hazed vision on the face above her.

"Is this what you want?" he asked her in a strangely calm voice. "Say it now, or I will stop now." He told her.

Sophia reached down and gripped the firm cheeks of his ass, weakly trying to pull him down into her.

"Please" she almost sobbed. "Please daddy, take me, make me your woman." She begged her father.

"Sophia" her father answered, choosing his words carefully. "If we do this, there are rules." He watched her stare up into his eyes.

"There will be no other woman for me, do you understand." He locked eyes with his daughter. "There will be no other man for you." His voice caressed over her. "Forever we will be one, husband and wife in all but a piece of paper. Do you understand my darling?"

Sophia looked at her father with love and lust blending inside her. "Take me...my husband" she whispered back.

The next moment Sophia felt her entire being center between her thighs as her father lowered his weight down onto her. With an obscene sucking noise he spit her drenched lips and started sliding in inch by inch.

"OH fuck...Oh God..." Sophia began to moan as four then six inches slid inside. Still her father dropped lower, driving even more cock into her stretched channel.

"OH Christ...so biggggggg." Sophia groaned as another two inches sank deep inside her. She felt her walls stretching like no man had ever done, her father touching places she never even knew existed inside her belly. Dimly, she realized he still wasn't all the way inside.

Andre slowly drew his hips back, feeling her cream coating along the length of his thick shaft. With a grunt he released his weight from his arms, dropping down onto her. He felt the entire length of his cock drive deep into his daughter's tight tunnel and then his pelvis grind down on hers as he buried himself to the hilt inside her.

"FFFUUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK" Sophia screamed as she felt her belly literally explode with the massive invasion. "CUMMINNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG" she screamed again as her body convulsed under him. She felt her juices once again erupt from her body, spraying against his pinned pelvis, then drip down the crack of her ass to soak into the bed sheets.

Even as she shuddered through the waves rolling through her belly, she her father begin to raise and lower his hips, driving his huge cock up into her again and again.

"Fuck me...fuck me...oh God still cumming..." she chanted as her father began to pound down into her.

Andre grunted with every stroke, trying to slam his cock deeper each time. He knew he needed to stretch her tight walls for her to fully accept the raw pleasure rolling through her. He could hear the light slap of his heavy balls against her ass, slick with her own juices.

"You are now mine Sophia" his hot voice husked in her ear. "You belong only to me."

Andre felt her slide her arms around to cling to his broad back. Her breath hot was and gasping against his cheek.

"Yours...yours forever" his daughter gasped. Then he felt her sharp nails digging into the flesh of his back like talons. "If they touch you again" her voice hissed. "I will rip their tits off and shove them up their whore cunts" her voice almost dripped with venom in his ear.

Andre had heard that kind of venom before in his younger years, from a woman long ago on his wedding night. Like her mother, Sophia was staking her claim to her man, and God help any woman who crossed that line.

Andre powered himself up onto his arms, slipping free of his daughters embrace. He stared down at her with a crooked smile.

"I am forgetting" he almost chuckled. "Coupon three." He said.

"What..." Sophia's brain was fuzzy from her repeated orgasms, and the raw sensation of her father's wonderful cock still sliding slowly in and out of her belly.

"Nooooooooooooo" Sophia moaned as her belly was enveloped by a sense of horrendous emptiness. She felt her father slip free of her clutching walls.

She wasn't done yet, she dimly thought. Even as she moaned her frustration, she felt her father flex his biceps and effortlessly flip her over onto her belly under him. Large hands gripped her hips and pulled her ass into the air. Her eyes grew wide as she looked over her shoulder, suddenly realizing what he was doing.

"Position of Choice" her father's husky voice echoed behind her.

"AHHHGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Sophia screamed as she felt every inch of his cock slam deep into her from behind.

His cock drove deeper...deeper...her mind swirled as he went beyond anything she could even imagine. Then, her head snapped back her mouth hanging open as she felt the fat head of his cock shove against the spongy surface of her cervix.

"NNGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Sophia wailed as her body convulsed again. Dimly she felt her juices flowing out of her like a hot river, coating her thighs and soaking the sheets under her.

For Andre this was what had been missing in his life since the loss of his wife. Passion and romance were well and good, at the right time. There was also a time for hard, rutting sex when the body needed it. He planned to enjoy every stroke while he could.

Sophia felt like she had been transported to another existence. Her whole world revolved to the wonderful man kneeling behind her and that huge pole he relentlessly rammed home into her. She was stunned her slender body could take such a massive cock. With each thrust she felt him stretching her open more and more, until the sense of discomfort she had first felt at the thick invasion was replaced by raw pleasure.

Dropping her head to the mattress, Sophia shoved her ass back at his invading cock, with her ass high in the air she felt him drive in even deeper. His ears were filled with the wet sounds of her cunt sucking on his shaft, while the smell of their sex hung in the air.

She balled her fists into the sheet trying to find leverage as she shoved back at him, the slapping of skin on skin mixing with his grunts. Wave after wave continued to roll through her belly as it felt like she was having one orgasm after another. Never in her hottest fantasies had she ever dreamed sex could be this good.

"Oh God yes...don't stop...fuck me...fuck me...fuck me..." Sophia babbled over and over. "Cumming...oh Jesus I can't stop" she gasped.

"Time for coupon four baby" she heard her father rumble behind her.

In her hazed mind she tried to recall the last slip of paper she had cast on the bedroom floor, what was it, something about cumming. Oh fuck, she thought, he's going to cum, and he is going to fill me with it, she realized.

"Cum...cum in me please." She grunted back, not slowing her movements. "Fill my cunt...your cunt." She begged him.

She heard her father grunting something as he slammed even harder against her, making the cheeks of her ass shake with the power of his thrusts. Her eyes opened wide when the words sank through her lust.

"Sophia...are you...protected?" her fathers' voice finally drifted into her mind.

"Noooooo" her voice hissed from where her face pressed into the sheets. "Cum in me daddy...please. Cum in your daughter, your lover, your WIFE" she screamed into the sheets.

Sophia's eyes grew wide as saucers as she felt his cock; unbelievably it was thickening, expanding inside her belly. Jesus how much bigger does he get she wondered. Then it hit home as her father gave a primal roar behind her.

"ASAARRGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Andre roared as he slammed hard against his daughters' ass, his cock jerking as he buried himself clear into her depths.

For this first time in her life, Sophia felt a man cumming inside her. The heat was spreading through her belly as she felt his hot seed explode to coat the sensitive walls of her pussy.

"Oh God...feel it...Oh My God...Oh My God..." flowed out of her as she felt herself being filled with one, then two thick ropes.

Andre felt his cock slowly start to deflate as the last of his seed filled his daughter's slender body. With a rumble, he eased his body back onto his heels, shuddering at the wet sucking sound of slowly pulling free of her clutching walls.

Sophia stirred as her muscles ached to respond. Slowly turning her head, she looked back at her father behind her. She could feel the warm goo of his sperm oozing from between her lips. Considering his earlier explosion by the pool, she was amazed at how much cream he had pumped inside her.

"If you ever stop doing that to me" she sighed contentedly. "I swear I will die" she smiled softly. "Now, I think it's time for sleep...in OUR bed."

Andre shifted from the bed, and pulled the comforter up to rest it over his daughter's nude body; her eyes drifting shut in exhausted sleep, and then slipped under the cloth to join her as sleep pressed in on his mind.

Just as Andre started to drift off, the soft whisper of Sophia's voice filled his ear.

"You know I could have gotten pregnant" her soft voice sent a tremor through him.

"I know" his voice trembled slightly. "You might not have too" he said.

"That's true, it might not have" Sophia rested her small hand on her father's broad chest. "If it didn't...there's always tomorrow".




For Pics visit:---->>> https://bit.ly/2ReHUJI 