They're dirty, they're blood-smeared, and they're all three paler than ghosts. They make it to the Firecracker Lounge on autopilot, and Tommy unlocks the door, lets them in. The place reeks of cigarette smoke and spilled beer. It's hard to imagine that just this morning, Patty was lying in state by the pool table, Joey Ice Cream's poncho tucked under his arm.

Jenny goes straight to the bathroom, and the brothers can hear the water running. Tommy goes straight to the bar. His fingers are so coated with blood that the first bottle he grabs slips right through them. It sort of bounces on the floor with a dull 'thunk' and cracks. Part of him wishes it had shattered (but the wood's too rotted for that). Maybe a spray of whiskey and broken glass is what he needs to shake him out of this fog.

Kevin comes up behind him—he can feel his brother's warmth at his back—and reaches 'round him to get another bottle of Jack. Tommy just stands there, staring down at his red hands and the booze seeping into floorboards. Then his brother slides his scrawny arms around Tommy's middle—the bottle pressing up against his hip—and rests his forehead on Tommy's shoulder. Kevin's breathing in shallow, raggedy breaths that he can feel on the back of his neck, and then Tommy starts shaking. It's too much…too much…

They don't sit down so much as fall, and Tommy's half in Kevin's lap, and there's whiskey soaking into his pant leg, and someone's crying, and it might just be him. Then, there's Jenny—pale and perfect and no longer pure. She crouches down, crawls in between Tommy's splayed legs, and then her mouth's on his as she cups his face with hands scrubbed raw and bleach-scented.

He's dreamed for years about what kissing Jenny Reilly would be like. It's desperation, and the both of them drinking each other in so fiercely it's like they want to just crawl inside the other and hide from what they've done. What they've both done. Together.

Then Kevin—God, Kevin's still here and he's just as mixed up in this as the two of them—decides he needs a drink and accidentally hits Tommy in the side of the head with the bottle as he raises it.

One of Jenny's hands moves from Tommy's face to Kevin's as he slugs back a finger's worth (spilling some on his brother's ear), and then she takes it from him and swallows down a mouthful without taking the time to taste it. Her eyes are glassy, and it might be the whiskey or it might tears, but then she's leaning back over Tommy's shoulder and kissing Kevin. Her hand's still on Tommy's neck and her tits are smashed against his chest and when he turns just a little, he can see her tongue sliding into his little brother's mouth and it's so damn hot and so damn wrong all at the same time. He turns his head the other way and takes a drink of his own.

Their baby brother's in the hospital—maybe dying—and Jimmy's in jail and they've just killed men and it's all so wrong, Tommy thinks as he reaches between them and undoes the button on Jenny's jeans. So wrong, and he slides her zipper down.

Kevin makes a little moan when Jenny breaks the kiss with him and places her lips right behind Tommy's ear and starts moving them down his neck. There's got to be some connection between his neck and his groin, and it's his turn to moan as she nips at him. Then another set of lips—Jesus fucking Christ this is all wrong—starts on the other side, and he squirms between them. Jenny and Kevin. Kevin and Jenny.

Suddenly, his jacket's too warm. He wants out of it—out of all his clothes—and he wants to feel bare skin pressing against his. Tommy tugs at the lapels of her jacket, pushing the coat off her shoulders, and she shrugs out of it, ducks her head and raises her arms so he peel both her shirts up and off. The neon shamrock in the window casts green light over her skin, and he thinks of stories about the sidhe he used to hear as a kid. His hands make faint streaks across her pale flesh. Blood. He's covered in blood. They all are. Behind him, Kevin's shedding clothes, banging an elbow against the bar in the rush. Tommy barely notices as he traces a finger over Jenny's stomach, the downward curve of her hip. The blood's mostly dry now, and it flakes off against her skin like old paint.

He slides his hands down inside her jeans, hooking his thumbs over the waistband and dragging it down, sliding it over her hips, her ass. Her bra's tan and her panties black. Her husband's been out of town for months, stuffed in an oil drum, and no one's got the heart to tell her. Tommy presses his mouth to her belly, kissing the soft flesh below her ribs, as he strips her pants off her.

He's still in the damn jacket, and it's fucking hot as hell. The kisses he places right along the top of her underwear are reverent as prayers, and then he looks up at her. "I shoulda told you," he says, and they both know what he should've said. Kevin's stripping him from behind, and if he gets what's going on, he doesn't seem to care.

There's a noise like a gunshot, and they freeze, hearts pounding slightly out of sync until Jenny whispers, "Just a car backfiring". Still, they stay like that for a minute. The smell of them—Jenny's bleach and perfume like flowers and Kevin's plain old Ivory soap and the sharp hint of gun residue that covers them all like an invisible veil—is filling Tommy's nostrils, making him dizzy.

When they move again, it's all in a rush of hands and lips and teeth. Sprawling in the narrow space behind the bar, rolling over whiskey-soaked clothes, pale skin moving against pale skin, long fingers tangling in curls. Tommy sighs like the life is going out of him as Kevin's hand wraps itself around his cock. Jenny crawls over him and Kevin's hand, and Tommy kisses a line from her collarbone down to her breast, teasing the nipple into his mouth. A twist of his brother's wrist and Tommy's biting down and Jenny's hissing just on this side of pleasure. One of Tommy's hands clutches at Kevin, latching onto his crucifix as the other wanders down the soft planes of Jenny until his fingers are fumbling at her slit, and they're all going straight to Hell.

His little brother curls against him like they're kids again and forced to share a bed since Sean out-grew the crib, except they would've never dared to touch one another like Kevin's touching him now. Because it's a crucifix digging into his palm and maybe it's the liquid courage in them that's making the barriers between right and wrong so fuzzy. Or maybe it's because they've killed men tonight, and that's like lead in his gut, and he'll do anything to chase that feeling away. In for a penny, in for a pound, and Father O'Malley might have a coronary come confessional.

His breath stutters, and he's coming into Kevin's hand as he arches his back. His vision hazes over with the strength of all of it, and Jenny looks luminous. Kevin's mouth on his shoulder; Kevin's hard-on pressing into the side of his hip. Tommy's not sure he remembers how to use his hands, still reeling in the aftershocks of a night that's just too much, so he bucks Jenny a little, tipping her to his brother. He's waited years for her—never sure just what they were waiting for—he can wait a little longer if it'll banish some of the fear from Kevin's eyes. She goes willingly, loose-limbed and languid, and it's all for the same reasons. The three of them—they're the closest in age, but Kevin's never had to be the man of the family and he didn't force himself to grow up fast with a marriage straight outta left field. Jenny rolls him onto his back and slides down on him.

Their tempo's off, rhythmless, until Tommy puts his hand over Kevin's on her hip, guides. Nuzzles his nose into the crook of his brother's neck, touching the tip of his tongue to the freckles on Kevin's shoulder. He moves his fingers to Jenny's clit and works in small circles until she lets out a silent cry and brings Kevin into his own orgasm.

It's too cold to be naked in the bar like this, but they don't move, curled together. Tommy's own come drying on his stomach, and Kevin's cooling between Jenny's thighs. A siren wails in the distance, breaking whatever spell fell over them. Slowly, they pull apart, dress. Blood and Jack and semen and dirt from the floor. They're a mess, but they gather their things to go back to the hospital. There will be questions, and Sean's still possibly dying, and they still don't have any answers for themselves, much less the world.