Dean can hear the woman shrieking from where Hank and another of Vincent’s hybrid science experiments are holding him, just out of range of the spotlights. He can’t see her—not all the way on the other side of the cage like she is—but he can pinpoint the moment the ifrit touches her because that’s when her voice cracks and the screams go ragged. Overhead, out of sight, the crowd gives a titillated murmur and Dean’s hands clench into fists.

“Who do you think they’re gonna be rooting for,” Hank breathes in his ear. “Him or you?”

Dean’s saved the bother of responding by the woman’s sudden appearance at their end of the cage. Her hair is on fire; her face blackened and peeling. She should be blind from the heat, but Dean senses her eyes falling on him. He knows she sees him.

Her arm stretches out through the bars, straining and imploring, and then the ifrit is there. It wraps her in a tight embrace, flames pouring out from its body and setting her akindle. She writhes for a few, agonizing seconds and then goes limp.

The twisted, blackened corpse the ifrit carries to the center of the ring bears no resemblance at all to the beautiful, youthful woman who was dragged into the ring minutes earlier.

Hank and the other hybrid are laughing.

Dean blinks away the impotent tears that threaten. He clings to the rage and ignores the shame, the guilt, the knowledge that her death is his fault. His doing because he couldn’t make himself close with the fucking ifrit the last time Vincent put him in the cage with it. Or the time before that.

Vincent is strolling into the cage now, covered with warding and water spells designed to keep the ifrit from getting too close. As Hank and the other hybrid maneuver Dean closer, though, he can see that the man can still feel the heat: sweat is liberally pouring down Vincent's face and soaking his colorful canary suit into a darker, mustard yellow.

“Quite the ferocious fire, isn’t he?” he says, turning and playing to the crowd seated above. “And insatiable, as you’ve seen. Twice, the lord of the cool, damp forest nights has met with this desert prince. Twice, he has been saved only by ebbing power of the sun and the moon’s ascendance.”

Dean’s mouth twists into an ironic grimace. If by ‘moon’s ascendance’, Vincent means a sudden spray of water that kept the ifrit from completely toasting Vincent’s moneymaker, then sure.

“Tonight, on this third evening, they meet for the final time, and the stakes are higher than ever. Our Fenrir fights not only for himself, but for his mate: a delicate flower of the woodland meadows.”

Dean stiffens at the news, twisting his head over his shoulder as the elevator doors open again and disgorge a struggling woman—no, girl. She can’t be more than eighteen yet, and probably not even that. She’s wearing a ridiculous-looking fur bikini, has what looks like a fresh tattoo of a wolf’s paw on her hipbone, and the eyes she flicks around are tinted gold. Contacts, Dean guesses.

“No,” he says, softly at first, and then as the girl is hauled past him and up the steps, he struggles more seriously and shouts, “No!”

His denial is lost in the approving roar of the crowd as the girl is brought to Vincent’s side. When she catches sight of the ifrit playing with the charred remnants of its kill, she begins to shriek and sob, pleading with the men holding her to let her go. Her obvious terror draws a fresh peel of laughter from above, and Dean strains forward.

“Damn it, let her go!”

“Patience, puppy,” Hank chuckles. “It’s not your cue yet.”

Vincent goes on briefly, describing the Fenrir’s fictitious meeting with a she-wolf and the wolf’s subsequent transformation into the beautiful 'Lupa'. And then, finally, Hank and the other hybrid are letting Dean hurry up into the cage and out under the spotlights.

The swell of noise and the sudden press of attention staggers him just as strongly as ever, but he ignores it to hurry over to the girl, crouched down and shuddering. His hands are still cuffed, but he doesn’t wait to be freed before pulling her close to his bare chest and whispering, “Just stay close to me. I’ll keep you safe.”

That’s all he has time for before Hank has him by the collar, hauling him back up. Dean goes, mindful of the warning in Vincent’s eyes, and then stands docilely as the cuffs and collar are unlocked and the chains taken away. He kneels beside the girl, bowing his head at Vincent’s urging and letting the familiar spiel wash over him.

Out of the corner of his eyes, though, he can’t stop looking at the living, crying girl and the smoking bits of flesh that litter the floor. He can’t stop his skin from prickling at the awareness of the ifrit’s nearness: his body is slick with sweat already, and he feels fevered. He can almost pinpoint the fire demon’s location by tracking the sulfuric, hot scent of it as it drifts around the outer edges of the ring.

Finally, Vincent is done and Dean feels the chill of a protection ward dropping over him, just as it did the last two times he stood here. The ward won’t last longer than it takes Vincent to exit the ring, of course, and then all bets are off, but Dean has a couple seconds at least.

He uses them to crouch down and pull ‘Lupa’ to her feet, keeping a firm grip on her forearms when she tries to pull away.

“You gotta focus, sweetheart,” he says quickly. “Just stay behind me and if you see it coming, you run as fast as you can, okay?”

Then the chill is gone, replaced by snapping heat as the ifrit rockets forward.

Every other time, Dean’s instincts have pushed him into playing a dizzying game of tag with the thing. He’s run and run and dodged and run again until Vincent got tired of the display and put a stop to it.

But he can’t run with the girl—not and keep ahead of the ifrit—and Vincent knows it. Looks like he got tired of waiting for the pre-show displays to provide enough of an incentive for Dean to do what he wants.

Even now, filled with the knowledge of what will happen to the girl if he abandons her, Dean’s muscles are still jittery with the urge to run. He tenses in readiness of a quick retreat, then forces himself to stand his ground as the ifrit rolls toward him. The air burns, filling his lungs with heat and making it feel like he can’t get enough oxygen. The sweat on his skin evaporates. He can feel his body baking, as though he’s standing too close to a bonfire.

Behind him, the girl breaks and runs with a scream, heading toward the door to the Arena—locked and no chance of salvation at all, which Dean would tell her if he had the time. But the ifrit must be attracted by the scream, or maybe by some sort of fire-demon lure Vincent hung around the girl's neck, or possibly just has a hard on for toasting chicks, because it immediately changes course in pursuit.

Swearing, Dean darts to the side, putting himself in the way again, and then forces himself to move toward the burning heat. His eyes water, vision blurring so he can't see the blow coming. He sure as hell feels the ifrit’s hand slamming into his side, though. The blow sends him skidding across the floor and leaves his flesh cooked and feverish where it touched him.

Dean would like nothing better than to just curl up and clutch at the burn—now he knows what barbecued chicken feels like, christ—but then there’s a high-pitched, pain-filled shriek and he jolts upright. The ifrit has the girl crowded up against the bars of the cage by the door. It isn’t touching her yet, is playing with her the same way it played with the others, the way a cat plays with a mouse, but that isn't going to last.

Scrambling back onto his feet, Dean launches himself across the intervening space at the ifrit. His hands sear and blister immediately as he closes them on the thing's throat. Agony shoots up his arms, and then down his front where he’s pressed up against the demon’s flaming back. When he sucks in an involuntary, hurt breath, his insides burn too, parched and crisping.

Every instinct he has is screaming at him to let go. He can feel what this is doing to him, knows how goddamned painful the burns are going to be until (if) his metabolism heals them, but he squeezes his eyes shut and hangs on tighter. He hangs onto the fucker until, finally, the weight of the ifrit goes limp in his arms.

Only then does he let go, staggering back a step, and crack open burnt eyelids to see—dimly—that the fire licking over the ifrit’s body has gone out.

Dean's knees buckle and drop him onto the floor beside his kill. For a moment, he lies gingerly on his side, arms held out in front of him with fingers spread wide, and tries not to notice the fact that his chest and stomach are covered with third degree burns. Fourth and fifth degree on his hands, where he can see bone in places. He tries not to think about the fact that he’s wheezing futilely through a parchment-paper throat and into burnt, convulsing lungs.

Dean has no way of knowing if whether his body can come back from this, whether he can regenerate flesh and skin, but in this moment that doesn't matter. The wildfire agony eating into him doesn't matter.

The girl is all he cares about right now. That the Girl Is All Right.

Crawling over the ifrit’s crumbling body on his burnt front is painful, but Dean isn’t exactly in any sort of shape to walk or run, and he has to—he has to see. He needs to know.

Vincent is standing in the shadows on the other side of the cage and watching Dean drag himself over the ifrit with a broad smile, but Dean tunes the man out. Has to focus all of his attention and energy on making the two-foot trek.

At first glance, the girl seems okay—lying up against the side of the cage motionless and silent, but her right side and back are unburnt. She must have (please, oh please) fainted.

Dean reaches for her, grips her shoulder with one ruined hand, and rolls her over.

The left side of her face sticks to the floor and comes off, leaving him staring at smoking, grinning bone.

He wants to howl with the frustrated guilt and rage burning in his chest, but that would only play into Vincent’s show, so somehow he keeps silent. Bows his head to hide the sob that comes anyway from the greedy eyes of the spectators above.

"Very good, Dean," Vincent murmurs on the other side of the bars. "I knew you could do it if you only found the right motivation."

Dean's lips pull back from his teeth in an instinctive, futile snarl as he looks at his keeper—in that moment, if he'd been able to reach Vincent, he would have killed him. Fuck what would have happened to him then, or to Sam. Dean can't think past the man's death—like putting down a mad dog.

But the moment passes, and enough of Dean's sanity returns to care about his brother, and he collapses with a harsh, rasping pant, then coughs as the fresh surge of pain snarls through him. He's choking on the puke that can't get up through his ruined throat, is maybe going to die anyway, except then Hank is dragging him out of the bright lights of the ring and the damned doctor is injecting him with something that takes away all of the world's edges and steadies his stomach again. His last, dimming sight is of Vincent smiling down at him with proprietary fondness.

Dean's appointments are canceled for the rest of the night—for the first time since he woke up here—but even when the gaps in his fingers start filling in again early the next morning, he can't find it in himself to care.