Lister went through the whole of the next day feeling as though he were on some kind of drug. Everything seemed way too clear and bright; almost hyper-real. Of course it was just excitement – and nervousness – about the night ahead, but his adrenaline had already well and truly kicked in.

Part of him was still not one hundred per cent sure that this was a good idea. He kept wondering what would happen if Jason was horrified and stormed out. How would he ever face him again? How would he face him if he said yes? By the time the evening rolled around, Lister was one big ball of nervous energy.

Rimmer on the other hand, though he was obviously excited, seemed very much in control of what was happening. He’d bought several bottles of a nice white wine and had put them outside to chill, had planned the meal, set the table and lit the fire. He’d even picked Lister’s outfit for him. And accessorized it of course...

“You’ve got to wear this tonight,” he said mock-sternly, gazing down into Lister’s face as he tied the copper pendant around his throat for him, “It would be rude not to really; considering the circumstances!” 

Lister smiled and said nothing. He was remembering the night Jason had given him the necklace, and that he’d tied it on for him too. It seemed fitting somehow that he not only wear it tonight; but that Rimmer should be the one to tie it on for him; the two of them mirroring each other without even knowing.

Just as Rimmer finished securing the knot, Jason himself arrived. “Evening, guys!” He raised an eyebrow at the scene in front of him; “So that’s why you’re always late for work!” he quipped, “You need Rimmer to dress you!”

Before Lister could reply, Rimmer had slipped an arm around his waist, “I like to dress him up sometimes,” he replied with a slow smile, “Although these aren’t the clothes we normally use for it.” 

Jason shook his head and Lister, embarrassed, gave Rimmer a gentle swat. “Shut up, man! He doesn’t want to know about that!” He turned to their guest, “Would you like a drink, Jase?”

“That’d be great, thanks. I...er...brought a bottle...”

“Oh, fantastic,” Lister stepped forward and took it from him, “We got in a few bottles too. We’re gonna end up plastered at this rate! I’ll just go and stick this one outside to cool, shall I?” He was gabbling, he knew he was, but his nerves were seriously on edge.

He darted round to the back of their hut and set the bottle down next to the others. He picked up a cold one, yanked the cork out and took a deep swig. This was insane. This was truly insane. He’d thought he’d got his head round this, but now that Jason was here, actually standing in their home making small talk with Rimmer, he just couldn’t believe they were doing this. He couldn’t be about to have sex with these two men at the same time. It was crazy! It was surreal!

“Lister?” he spun round and saw Rimmer standing behind him, “You okay?”

“Fine!” Lister said brightly, but his voice was too high, too brittle. Rimmer came over and put his arms around him,

“It’s not too late to change your mind, you know,” he said seriously, “If you’re not happy about this then...” 

Lister saw the disappointment already starting to cloud his lover’s eyes and forced a smile, “Hey! Hey! I’m fine! Really! Just a little nervous, that’s all! Aren’t you? I’m okay. Come on, let’s get back inside. We can’t keep our guest waiting, can we?” He went to go back indoors but Rimmer held onto him for just a second longer.

“I do love you, you know,” he said simply. Lister softened and squeezed his hand,

“And I love you too. Always.”

“It’s going to be incredible, I promise you,” Rimmer whispered, running his fingers lightly up and down either side of Lister’s ribcage. It was such a little thing, but he knew it always got him excited and this was no exception. “It’s going to be just perfect...”