Snape was quite ready for another week of pretending, but the owl he received that morning made it difficult. It was from Charlie, warmly and effusively inviting him to a housewarming party.

He was surprised how much he wanted to go.

He wondered if it was just because he knew Potter would be there. Certainly, it was a factor. The absurdity of it all, Potter's mad departure – it caught in his chest like an ache. He needed... resolution. That was what he'd sought all this time, that was all he'd really wanted, just to live his bloody life in peace. Trust Potter to mess it up.

He shut down the voice that told him whose fault it really was.

He spent the next few days transfiguring the kitchen counters into something vaguely attractive. The Estate Agent had been very clear about the kitchen; he'd even had to order new appliances from a muggle shop. He left Charlie's letter on the counter as he worked.

Saturday morning came, and Severus did not look at the letter all day. At six o'clock, he set down his paintbrush and went upstairs.

He pulled out a grey chenille poloneck he'd received from Lucius and never worn. He pulled it on, pulled his hair back and brushed his teeth.

He looked at himself in the mirror. He was too old, too old for this. Too old to be going to a wild house party, too old to be feeling shivers every time a memory of Potter ghosted across his senses, too old to be only just starting his life.

He turned away from the mirror, and headed out the door.

Charlie's new residence was on the tenth floor of a pleasant enough looking block of flats, and Severus stared blankly at the glowing muggle lock mechanism for a few minutes before apparating up into the corridor. He hoped it would not be too rude.

He knocked on the door. Bill Weasley opened it.

"Professor!" he said. "You're early!"

Snape raised the bottle of vodka in apology.

"I hope that's not a problem," he said. "I thought I might offer my assistance setting up."

"Who is it, Bill?" called Charlie from inside.

"Come and see for yourself," said Bill, grinning at Snape. In a moment, Charlie had bounded to the door, and there was a second of surprise on his face before his bright grin emerged and he threw the door wide.

"Severus! I never thought you'd actually come."

"I had to find out what on this earth could have brought the wild Charlie Weasley back to England," he said, raising an eyebrow. "I hope I have not disrupted any plans by defying your expectations."

"God, no," said Charlie brightly. "I'm delighted. You're always welcome, especially if you come bearing drink."

He grinned and the two brothers stepped back to let him in.

Charlie's apartment was airy and bright, with kitchen units in one corner, a dining table in the other and a set of cream sofas in front of them. Severus was faintly alarmed to see Ron and Hermione busily laying out canapes on the coffee table, but a quick glance revealed no sign of Potter, only Fleur and George in the kitchen. Fleur smiled; George looked faintly glazed.

"Hello, er, Severus," said Hermione brightly, "We didn't know you were coming!"

"We don't know anyone who's coming," Ron reminded her. "It's mostly Charlie's mates."

"True," said Hermione. "But it still stands, doesnt it? How are you, sir?"

"Well," said Snape warily. "No Potter?"

A faint smile crossed Hermione's lips.

"No," she said. "Not yet. He's gone to dinner."

Severus found his teeth meeting with an audible click.

"I see," he said calmly. It was good, really. Potter obviously hadn't been heartbroken; in fact, this was probably a good indication that it was just a fixation, whatever Potter had thought he felt.

He found himself glancing down at the vodka in his hand with a little more fondness.

Charlie clapped a hand on his shoulder.

"Shall I give you a tour?" he said, grinning. Snape nodded. 

"This, as you can see, is the lounge," he said, sticking his hands in the pockets of his appealingly tight jeans. "And the kitchen. And the dining room. Door number one, to your right, is the bathroom, and door number two is the bedroom. It's not huge, but it's better than log cabins and tents."

He walked over to the two doors and revealed, in turn, a clean white bathroom and a smallish blue-walled bedroom with a very large bed.

"The bed was a bit of an indulgence," said Charlie, grinning.

"May you use it well," said Snape, raising the bottle in a toast. Ronald spluttered; Charlie grinned, took the bottle off him and sauntered to the kitchen area.

"Hear hear," he said, patting George on the shoulder and peering around Fleur. "Fancy a drink, anyone? Fleur, really, go and sit down, you don't need to worry about the food. They'll all be too drunk to care anyway."

"My Bill vill not be!" said Fleur sternly, shooting the man a look. It softened at Bill's winning smile.

"I'll have a glass of something," called Ron.

Snape shifted uneasily in the centre of the room. Charlie waved him over.

"Have a seat," he said, indicating to the dining table. "Drink? I've got a bunch of cheap vodka to go with your nice stuff, a bit of gin, Bacardi, beer, orange juice, coke, lemonade, and tonic."

"A vodka tonic," said Snape, still uneasy. He sat at the table. "Thank you."

"I'll have a double anything," said George. "Do you want me to set up the sound system yet?"

"Oh God, go on then," said Charlie, and George bounded cheerfully to the bedroom. "Anyone else?"

Charlie made drinks and handed them out, and Snape tried to relax. He looked around the room and reflected that the sight of all these Gryffindor types was not an unpleasant one, not any more; he liked Charlie, possibly against all odds, and George had always had a sharp mind with his sharp wit, and Bill was charming and Fleur as well and even Ron and Hermione were perfectly tolerable. Potter was by no means the only reason to be here, and if he felt out-of-place – well, he'd felt that way much of his life, and he didn't object as long as the drink flowed.

Charlie handed Fleur her iced water and sent her to the sofa – Snape had quite forgotten she was pregnant, so was faintly surprised at the significant bump beneath her protective hands – and came to sit next to Snape at the table.

"So, are you going to tell me what you're doing here?" said Snape. Charlie smiled.

"Yeah, I suppose so," he said. "It's pretty simple, really. I was getting tired of being in the middle of nowhere, and I got a job offer from an old friend. In the Ministry."

Snape stared.

"Yeah, I know," he said, laughing. "But it's not all regulating cauldron bottoms." He grinned at Snape's mystification. "It's field work, for the Department of Magical Creatures. I'll be up and down the country, and probably overseas as well, so no being tied to a desk all day. Lots of paperwork already, mind. But it's nice to be around a bit more. I mean, the war really put things into perspective, and you were right to ask why I was still running."

"I'm sure your mother is delighted."

"She cried," he said. "And she's already brought round two casseroles and a pie."

"Ah yes," said Snape. "I was also graced with a casserole and some chicken soup. I did wonder whether she imagines I cannot cook."

Charlie grinned.

"Quite," he said. He shot a glance over to where the rest of the early partygoers seemed to be sticking small black boxes everywhere. Hermione was talking excitedly to George, who was looking satisfied and firing spells at a larger black box with buttons on. It occurred to Snape that it was a vaguely familiar object – a stereo.

"Right!" said George. "Time to put some music on!" 

He picked up a shining silver disc and slotted it into the front of the stereo. An almighty roar started up, and everyone cried out and covered their ears as George dived for the box. The music stopped abruptly.

"Think I need to turn the volume down," said George into the ringing silence. Hermione giggled. The music started up again, a little quieter this time, but in Snape's opinion almost as dreadful. Hermione, George and Ron seemed to find it entertaining, however, jumping up and down in an alarming fashion.

Charlie grinned at him.

"Drink up," he said. "Everything improves with alcohol, especially music. Oh, by the way, have you seen Harry recently?"

Snape carefully stamped down his memory of Potter's visit.

"Yes," he said neutrally. "He delivered the soup."

"Ah," said Charlie, smirking. "I see."

"I doubt you do," said Snape, looking into his glass. Charlie raised his eyebrows.

"Ah," he said again, more seriously. "Did it not go well?"

"It went how it should," said Snape, with conviction. Charlie did not look convinced.

"Oi, host! Come and dance like a prat!" said George.

"Give me a few more drinks, first," said Charlie, but he rose and sat on the sofa as Bill pulled his hair out of his ponytail and began what looked like a nauseating head movement, sending his red hair flying around him.

"Oh, no fair, you have the best hair for headbanging," said George.

"Could we maybe 'ave something less... shouty?" said Fleur.

"Alright," said George. "How about this."

He changed the silver disc. A familiar song started up, a muggle tune Snape must have heard a long time ago, for his exposure to the muggle world since Hogwarts had been extremely limited.

"Shame dad isn't coming, he wanted to know about the Beatles," he said.

Snape sipped his drink and resigned himself to watching the party, as he usually did, from the not-very-shadowy safety of the dining room table. Charlie turned off the main lights, and the room became much cosier, lit by several standing lamps.

"Oi, Snape, what are you doing over there?" said Bill. "Come and sit next to my lovely wife. You can talk about how vulgar and uncivilised we are."

"I do not know what makes you think I am any more civilised," he said, but acquiesced. Fleur gave him a warm smile.

"I do so like to talk to men who do not care for women," she said, patting his arm. "It is nice to know that zey will not faint or try to kiss me."

Snape snorted.

"Try one of ze canapés," she continued. "I fear Charlie was right when he said zey would not be appreciated."

Snape leaned forward and took one. It was predictably delicious, and it reminded him of how little he'd eaten this week. He went back for more, and accepted enough top-ups of his drink to feel acceptably distant from his limbs. Fleur prattled easily to him about married life and the trials of pregnancy, and then Hermione asked him about concealment potions, and he was beginning to feel like he might be able to relax when the doorbell rang.

"Hooray, guests!" said Charlie, bounding up to the door. Snape tensed, but it was not Potter; instead, a small group of vaguely familiar faces were gathered outside the door, including one of his former Slytherins, a good student, if he recalled correctly. Everyone rose to meet them; Snape was strangely nervous.

"Hey, come in!" said Charlie. "Guys, this is James, Andrew, Lucas and Cadence. You guys, these are my brothers Bill, George and Ron, in case you couldn't guess –" he gestured wildly and George reached out to shake hands with everyone. "This is Fleur, Bill's wife –" Here the three men went a little cross-eyed, "And this is Hermione, Ron's girl, and I bet you can probably all see that that is Professor Snape in the corner there."

The three non-Slytherins looked a little nervous; Cadence, however, clapped a hand to her mouth and gasped "Professor!" before dodging past the coffee table and, quite surprisingly, hugging him.

"Wow, Professor, I can't believe you're here!" she said, looking pleased and faintly embarrassed. "I've been following the story in the papers. Congratulations on your freedom! Wow, this is so strange! Sorry, stop me if I'm babbling, sir."

Snape snorted.

"I find I can tolerate babbling more and more now I am not forced to hear it from the mouths of teenagers every moment of the day," he said, and Cadence smiled. Snape felt his memory kicking into action; a quiet sort of girl from a liberal pureblood family. He'd taught her in her NEWTS year. 

"How are you, Sir?" she said, more calmly.

"I am not a Sir, but I am quite well," he said. He paused, trying to think of the appropriate polite question. "And I suppose you are storming through the Ministry nowadays?"

She pulled a face.

"Not exactly. The war kind of... well, during the Ministry takedown I was kept in my place 'cause they suspected I was a muggle sympathiser, and now I've not got a hope in hell of promotion, because I was a Slytherin. Things could be better, really." She smiled, a little sadly. "You're kind of the figurehead for Slytherins everywhere, did you know that? Sort of a, 'Look, we're not all bad' thing."

Snape snorted.

"I can think of no worse candidate for that role," he said. "I may have been against Voldemort, but I am neither innocent nor pleasant, and I suspect that there are plenty of people in the world who hate me regardless of my... political affiliations. I think, Cadence, you'd be better off making your own examples."

Cadence gave him a thoughtful look.

"You're probably right," she said.

"I'm always right," he corrected. She grinned.

The doorbell rang again, and this time the faces were mercifully unfamiliar: a dark-haired woman, most likely Romanian, and a large, bald man sporting a fresh burn on his face. Charlie greeted them effusively. George changed the music to the Weird Sisters.

Snape went to get another drink. Charlie met him there, pouring drinks for the newcomers, and gave him a nudge.

"You wouldn't believe the amount of questions I'm getting about you," he said. "You're practically a celebrity. I'm half tempted to sell my story to the Prophet. I'm really, really joking," he said quickly, at Snape's look.

"I know," said Snape. He added another shot to his drink. "Is this everyone?" he said. "Save Potter, of course."

"Um, mostly," said Charlie, squinting at the party. "Two guys from work are coming, and my old mate Rich from school, you might remember him –" Snape did not, but the rueful grin Charlie gave him suggested he would recognise him, "And Ginny's not here yet, and she said she's bringing someone. I think it's her mystery bloke. She told me I had to respect her decision or she'd disown me forever, which is a bit worrying, to say the least."

Snape was mildly intrigued. Charlie shrugged.

"We'll see. Are you alright?"

"Reasonably," said Snape. "Despite being significantly older and having taught almost everyone here."

The doorbell rang again, and Charlie shook his head.

"Arnold's forty-eight, you prat," he said, pointing to the large bald man. "He's friendly, you should talk. And my work mates are both about your age, so stop making out like you're a withered husk. And Hermione looks like she'd appreciate company, I think she's in love with your lecture voice now you're not calling her a know-it-all."

"I think not," said Snape. "And I still call her a know-it-all."

Charlie grinned.

"Don't worry. Harry will be here soon. Though I warn you, I did give him permission to bring his date. You might have to fight for him."

"You're really mistaken about Potter," he said.

"I don't think so," said Charlie. "Trust me, I can tell. And I know I'm not mistaken about you. You should go for it, and screw the age difference. Screw history. I'm all about the here and now, me."

"You are the only man in the world who would say that," said Snape.

"Then I'm the only man in the world who has a brain," he said. "Come and party."

Severus downed his more-vodka-than-tonic drink, coughed a little, and considered talking to Cadence again, but she seemed to be being entertained by Arnold. Then he noticed that Charlie's old schoolfriends were hemming in a distressed-looking Fleur, and he strode over to test his teacher voice on older students.

"Miss Delacour," he said. "May I have a word? In private." He shot a look at the three men – Gryffindors, all – and they seemed to jolt unpleasantly out of their daze.

"Certainly, Severus," she said, sliding her arm into his, and they slid through the party into the kitchen area. Severus summonned a chair.

"Thank you, Severus," she said, smiling warmly. "It's the 'ormones – they make me... glow. It is... difficult."

"I quite understand," said Snape. "Are you well?"

"Yes," she said tiredly. "Although, it is hard. Bill is having so much fun –" she cast a gloomy glance at him, dancing on the coffee table with George, "But I tire quickly."

"I quite understand," he said, sighing. The doorbell rang again. Snape did not realise his nerves could be so shot by such a simple noise.

Fleur followed his gaze to the door as Charlie opened it; the flash of red hair indicated that it was Ginny. Curious, he leaned to see who she was stood next to; Draco Malfoy was stood behind her, looking as though he was afraid for his life.

He smirked. If Ginny wanted a way to get back at Potter, then this was it. He hoped it was more than that, though, because he thought they might suit each other. 

He could see a little of Charlie's expression; he was frowning, but of all her brothers he was most likely to accept him. He looked around the rest of the room; Hermione was looking between Draco and Ron, who had not yet noticed but would surely go mad when he did. Bill was frowning, silver scars wrinkling, and Severus realised that it had to be serious. Draco would never have agreed to come, not when he'd have to look his greatest mistake in the face.

"Excuse me," he said to Fleur.

"Off to rescue someone else?" said Fleur, smiling, and he bowed his head and crossed to the door.

"You're not letting the ferret in, are you?" George was saying, expression ugly. Draco was looking furious and miserable, Ginny fierce and alive. Their hands were intertwined.

"That expression never suited you as well as your brother," said Snape, as neutrally as he could manage. George looked up at him, shocked; Draco looked like he'd never been happier to see anyone. Ginny flashed him the tiniest smirk.

Charlie gave him a speculative look.

"He's alright by you?" he said. 

"Your sister is more than a match for him, don't worry about that."

"But is he alright by you?" insisted Charlie.

"Yes," said Snape. "He's alright by me."

"Alright," said Charlie. "Come in."

"You can't really trust his word," said George, though the venom had gone. "He's one of his."

"I trust him, and I trust my sister, and they both vouch for him. Nice to meet you, Draco."

"You're Charlie," said Draco flatly, shaking his hand. "The best seeker at Hogwarts in a century."

Charlie laughed.

"I think that's probably too kind," said Charlie. "Anyway, I thought Harry took that title."

Draco's sneer was impressively fought.

"He's alright," he said off-handedly. Charlie grinned and stepped back, and Ginny led him firmly into the fray.

"One thing you must know," murmured Snape in Charlie's ear. "Draco was the one who let the Death Eaters into Hogwarts the night that –" Charlie nodded in understanding, so Snape continued. "He let Fenrir in."

"Ah," said Charlie.

"The Dark Lord set him the task as a suicide mission, to punish his family. If he had not, the Dark Lord would have killed them too."

"Ah," said Charlie again. "Well, Bill's far more easygoing than me – he doesn't hold grudges. You think he's sorry?"

"I think he's too proud to admit that everything he was taught was wrong," said Snape. "But that he can only benefit from the kind hand of the Weasleys. He's certainly a better match for Ginny than Potter."

"Alright," said Charlie. "I ought to talk to Bill, then. Isn't my sister the drama queen, eh?"

He turned to look for his brother, but Draco was already there, looking almost translucent with fear.

"What are your intentions towards my sister?" said Bill, faux-stern.

"Never mind her," said Draco, panic making him tactless, "I need to talk to you. Can we..."

"Yes, if you like," said Bill, sounding unperturbed. "We can use Charlie's bedroom."

The two of them slipped towards the bedroom door. Snape caught a sight of Ginny's face, soft and proud, before half the party turned questioning eyes at her. Ron was an ugly shade of purple.

Snape shot a guilty glance at Charlie, who returned it.

"I really ought to hear what happens, for Bill's sake," he said, grinning ruefully.

"And I ought to for Draco," he said. Charlie smirked, and they dodged through the party to the bedroom door. Snape cast his eavesdropping charm, extending it for Charlie's benefit. Charlie looked impressed and mock-disapproving.

"I need to tell you something," said Draco, sounding more like he needed to run.

"I already know what you did the night I got mauled," said Bill lightly. "So don't worry about that."

Charlie raised his eyebrows at Snape, who shrugged.

"How did you – I mean –" said Draco.

"After you took us to Snape's house, I asked everyone what you did that was so terrible," said Bill, voice soft. "Harry told me."

"I bet he did," growled Draco.

"Oi, don't assume," chided Bill. "He told me the whole story, about your parents too. Harry hadn't really made the proper connection with your family, which is understandable when you think about his, but I got it. I understood what might make you make such a decision. And as long as you aren't proud of it, then there's no harm done, okay?"

"Of course I'm not proud of it," said Draco, very quietly. "And I never... I wasn't really thinking about people . I mean, I sort of knew they'd hurt people, but I thought... I thought it was just my enemies, people I hated. But I didn't... I mean, I know the Malfoys and the Weasleys are mortal enemies end everything, but you're pretty cool. I never wanted..."

"Thanks for the compliment," said Bill, amusement in his tone. "And I think it'd be pretty childish of me to hold a grudge, when I've got a good job and a beautiful wife and a child on the way and these cool scars I can tell stories about. You weren't the one who hurt me, anyway. So don't worry about it."

A significant pause.

"What you do need to worry about," said Bill, all lightness gone from his tone, "Is what will happen to you if you ever hurt my little sister. You treat her with respect, alright?"

"I will," said Draco, sounding offended. "I – it's not like I want to like her, my family hate it, but I..."

"Alright," said Bill. "That's all I needed to know. Let's be friends."

"Okay," said Draco, sounding overwhelmed.

"Have you got a favourite song? We should see if George has it."

Charlie and Snape backed away from the door, and a moment later, Bill emerged, Draco trailing behind. Ginny escaped her inquisition in order to pointedly snog him senseless. He seemed to hold her tentatively, like he was afraid she'd bolt. Snape would have smiled, had he been inclined to do such things.

The doorbell rang. Snape closed his eyes against the panic, and made his determined way to the bar. He was throwing back a shot when Potter walked through the door, closely followed by a tall, dark man with warm brown eyes.

Snape scolded himself for his stupidity, and pretended he hadn't noticed Potter's arrival, which was difficult when half the party moved to greet him and the other half eyed or outright stared.

"Yeah, this is Eliot," he heard Potter say. He gave Potter's companion a cold once-over, and noticed that he was giving a rather warmer once-over to Charlie. Snape's lip curled in disgust. If the stupid boy didn't know what he had –

No, he thought, sternly. Potter was not a catch. He was too short and too skinny and not at all beautiful when coming.

Potter, he noted, didn't seem overly interested. He hugged Hermione, patted Ron on the shoulder, then went blank at the sight of Malfoy, who was in the process of entertaining Cadence with some manner of impression. Hermione raised a hand, realised that she did not have sufficient hands to hold them both back, and shot a panicked look at Charlie. Draco caught sight of Potter, looked vaguely alarmed and began glancing around for allies. His eyes caught Snape's, and Potter turned around to see where he was looking. 

He could practically see the wrong conclusions leaping into Potter's brain. He wanted to laugh.

"What's he doing here," growled Harry, though Snape had to lip-read to hear over the music.

"Harry..." said Hermione. "Promise you won't be annoyed..."

"I can't promise that," snapped Harry.

"Look, it's really fucked up, mate, and totally gross, but –"

"Don't say it," said Potter, looking tortured.

"MalfoysgoingoutwithGinny," said Hermione in a rush. Harry blinked.

"Oh," he said. Then he grinned. "Oh, good."

"Good?" said Ron.

"Er, yeah," said Potter ruefully. "I mean, Malfoy wouldn't be my first choice, but it's good that she's moved on, right?" he looked at Hermione, who nodded.

"That's very mature of you, Harry," said Hermione. Ron stared.

"You're both mad. If he lays a hand on her –"

"She's not thirteen," scolded Hermione. "And so far, she's done all the laying on of hands."

"That sounds like her," said Potter, grinning as though everything was right with the world, grinning like his silly date did not exist.

"Urgh," said Ron, "Too much information."

Harry grinned. Then he looked straight at Snape.

Snape forced himself to hold the boy's gaze for a moment, then he turned. He suddenly wished he was sober.

He stayed frozen against the kitchen counter for some time, fighting down the strange mix of hope and fear that churned inside of him at the sight of Potter, at the suggestion that Potter was jealous. He barely noticed when Draco came to his side.

"I'm not sure I can do this," he said. "This is bloody terrifying. How do you cope?"

Snape looked at him.

"Because they make me want to," he said, in drunken honesty, and Draco looked rueful.

"Yeah," he agreed. "She makes me want to, alright. I don't even know why. I should hate her."

"No," said Snape. "You shouldn't. She's perfectly tolerable."

"High praise, sir," said Draco, grinning like a fool. The grin faded as he followed Snape's unconscious gaze in Potter's direction.

"So what the hell is with you and Potter?" he demanded. "He's been watching you every moment you're not looking, and now he's not looking you're staring at him. It's a bit... weird."

"It is," he agreed, looking away.

"So? Are you friends ? What's going on?"

"You probably would not like to hear the story," said Snape. Draco opened his mouth, annoyed, but Snape interrupted. 

"I'm rather more interested in your attitude to Potter," He said. "You're avoiding him as though he's liable to explode."

"I'm going out with his ex! And he's not exactly sane. If he wanted to hex me to death in a room full of Weasleys, he would probably get away with it."

"Are you so sure he wants to?"

"Well, I would. They were childhood sweethearts, Potter's first love and all that, remember?"

"No, not really," said Snape. "I remember a besotted girl and an oblivious pillock. Do you know why they broke up, Draco?"

Draco shrugged.

"I assumed Ginny came to her senses and dumped the prat," he said. "But I've not asked. Why? Do you know what happened?"

"I do," said Snape, smirking. "They broke up, Draco, because Potter is no more interested in women than I am."

"Potter's gay?" breathed Draco. Snape was not surprised to note that Draco knew about him; Lucius had probably told him years ago. 

"I don't believe it. And he told you this?"

"In a manner of speaking," said Snape, thinking of awkward conversations and eavesdropping and the inevitable, vivid memory of Potter fucking him. Something must have shown on his face, because Draco looked appalled.

"That's not related to the whole – staring thing, is it? Oh my God, you haven't –"

Snape could not quite conceal his twitch. To his surprise, Draco burst into cackles. 

"You have ," he said. "This is just... wow, I mean, yuck , I mean, did he like it?"

"Apparently," growled Snape, a deadly warning in his voice. Draco valiantly fought down his smile.

"I didn't mean – it's just, he hates you... and you hate him. I mean, I get that you don't have to like someone to sleep with them, but..."

"It wasn't..." Snape began, and could not find the words.

"You don't hate him, do you?" said Draco, after a moment. "I can't believe you don't hate him. I knew he was like, your biggest fan in the trial, but seriously? He's clinically insane."

"So am I," said Snape. Draco shook his head.

"Nah, you're just –"

"My flaws are, to a certain extent, Potter's as well. We are both proud, both stubborn, both blind to what we do not want to see, both treated badly as children, and we both struggle with the complex social niceties that come so easily to people like you and Ginny. He may be reckless and narrow-minded, but I am hardly better, and I have the advantage of years."

Snape swallowed. He did not know why he was arguing that he and Potter were compatible; he was on Draco's side. Yet it seemed that all those moments he'd spent pretending he was thinking nothing were in fact moments spent producing this argument, fully-formed and undeniable, backed by the pull of his heart. Alcohol and the unforgiving ache in his chest had worn him down, and he didn't know how to fight it. He liked Potter; worse, he wanted him, possessively, he wanted to hex his wretched date and pull him aside and mark him as his own.

But Potter didn't want him. He'd been curious, fixated, and he'd got over that. That much was evidenced in the pretty boy who was dancing with Charlie, the boy Harry'd seen fit to wine and dine barely one week after he'd pretended to be sorry to leave Spinner's End. Apparent pangs of misplaced jealousy were nothing, not when Potter danced and drank now without a care while Snape was left a broken mess, barely able to spend one moment not thinking about him.

"Wow," said Draco softly. "This is big, isn't it?"

"Draco, if you repeat any part of this conversation –"

"I know, you'll make me suffer." he said. "I can keep secrets, don't worry."

"Even from your new girlfriend? I counselled her on her relationship to Potter. She'd hex me to death if she thought I had a lewd agenda all that time. Which I most certainly did not," he added sternly, at Draco's expression.

"Did you tell her to break up with him?" he said thoughtfully.

"Essentially, yes," said Snape.

"Then I probably owe you a favour," he said, smirking. "So I guess I'll tell you something, even though I think all this is the most disturbing thing I've ever heard. I heard Potter talking to Weasley, er, Charlie earlier."

"And?" said Snape, unimpressed.

"Well, Charlie was looking bothered and a bit guilty, and Potter said something along the lines of – 'It's not serious, we both agreed we just didn't click, go for it if you like.' And the guy that came in with Potter has been right next to Charlie on the sofa for a good while now. I didn't make the connection when I was thinking about girls, but just now it clicked. And don't look now, but Potter's looking at you like a big kicked puppy right this second. Why don't you talk to him?"

"This is hardly a private arena," said Snape, a token protest. 

"Oh, stuff that," said Draco. "Just... talk. But don't do anything gross. And promise me you're just doing this so you can hex his balls off easier."

Snape snorted. Draco grimaced in his overly-dramatic manner, and returned to Ginny's side. Snape watched him go, then looked at Potter. The haze of alcohol made it easier, made it bearable, and when Potter caught his eye he did not look away.

Potter swallowed and turned back to Charlie's friends, one of which he recognised as the fabled Rich, primarily because of the pink mohican and leather jacket that Snape recalled had been budding in his seventh year. Snape wondered what scheme he might employ to get Potter alone, and realised the only way was to ask.

He clenched his fists and swept out of the kitchen area. The expressions on his ex-students' faces were comical as he descended upon them and laid a hand on Potter's shoulder. Harry jumped, looked up, swallowed; Snape stared at him for a moment before the words would come.

"We need to talk," he said. Harry nodded, blank. The three men he'd been talking to gave him glares, but Harry smiled vaguely at them and followed as Snape swept out into the corridor, wishing he had his robes, wishing he was somewhere safe and comfortable and away from madness.

He turned on Harry as he shut the front door. Harry, to his surprise, smiled faintly.

"It's weird, you doing that without your robes," he said. "This corridor isn't much like Hogwarts, either. Are you going to tell me off, Professor?"

Snape was silent, unsure where to start. Potter was scowling, too much like his childish self, so Snape started petty.

"Harry Potter, the wizarding world's Casanova," he sneered. "You certainly don't waste time."

"This is about Eliot?" said Potter, ever dense, ever fiery, "Don't you think you kind of gave up the the right to complain about me dating?"

"Ah, so it is a date," he sneered. Potter was incandescent with rage, and it cut through Snape like fire.

"How dare you!" he shouted. "How can you be like this? You don't want me, remember? You shagged me then you told me you hated me and you kicked me out!"

"I –" said Snape, suddenly broken. "I did not –"

"As good as," said Harry coldly. "You hate the fact that you fancy me. You wish you didn't, but obviously you thought maybe shagging me would help, then you decided you couldn't stand the sight of me."

"Well, you got over it quickly," sneered Snape. "All your heartfelt protestations, but you were quick enough to take the chance to leave, weren't you? Don't try and tell me you weren't just indulging a crush, Potter –"

"You're insane," said Harry. "I had a date with Eliot way before that happened, and the only reason I didn't cancel it was because I thought I had to do something to stop myself from going mad thinking about you! I don't even like Eliot that much, he's nice and everything but there's nothing there, we've got nothing in common –"

"You hate this as much as me, Potter," he growled.

" Yes ," he snarled, despair sparkling in his eyes. "Yes. But... I don't want it to stop."

It took three steps too many to slam Potter into the wall and crush his mouth over his. Potter groaned, guttural, glasses askew, and Snape practically threw them away with one hand as he thrust his tongue into the sound. Potter's hands twisted in the fabric of Snape's jumper, pulling him close, and his hips met Potter's with a jolt of almost-pain, and it was torturing and unbearably good to have him below his scrabbling hands, to know that nothing in the world would stop him from having Harry now.

Harry tore his lips away, so Severus bit down hard on his neck in punishment. He ground his hips.

"Not here," gasped Potter, arching, and the unpleasant sensation of apparition ripped though his pleasure; it was over in a second, though, and Potter's body was still beneath his hands, so he could not bring himself to care. He refused to release him, though, refused to let go of what he so tenuously had, but Harry did not seem to object; he scrabbled to keep kissing and open his front door at the same time. They half-fell through the doorway, staggering apart, but one look into Harry's lust-darkened eyes crushed any moment of hesitance he might have had, and Harry's lips ensured that he could not think any more. Harry dragged him to the stairs, one hand pulling his shirt off while the other pulled Snape's hair free and knotted his fingers into it. They hit the stairs and fell, Harry tripping with a breathless laugh, and Snape's patience was wearing thin. He held Harry down as he tried to rise and insinuated a knee between his legs. Harry shifted, groaned, gazed up at him; Snape's hands slid to his belt.

Harry's eyes widened.

"On the stairs?" He asked breathlessly.

"You're lucky it wasn't on the street," growled Snape, pulling his belt away and kneeling on the steps.

"We'll need –" began Potter, but Snape muttered a spell and he stopped, panting.

"You could warn me," he gasped. Snape shut him up with his tongue, tugging at the button of Harry's jeans, groaning when he writhed and pressed against Snape's hands, all the while fighting a fierce battle with tongues and lips and teeth, and Snape could not tell who was winning but he did not think it was him. He managed to pull Harry's jeans and boxers away, rubbing him with rough hands and trailing a finger over the slickened hole.

"Fuck," breathed Potter against his mouth.

"You better be–" began Snape.

A fierce nod. Severus kicked his trousers away and positioned himself, shaking with the tension.

"Mine," he growled against Potter's neck, barely aware of it, and he pressed inside. Harry gasped, and Severus stilled, overwhelmed; he could have this. This was his if he wanted. It was there in Harry's eyes, complete acceptance, lit with fierce desire and the nails digging into his neck, holding too tight, pulling him closer for a kiss that screamed mine.

Eventually, Snape risked moving. Harry exhaled sharply, but he could tell it was not with pain; he drew back, and slid home in an explosion of sensation. He knew he might barely last another thrust, but it didn't seem to matter as Harry was rock hard against his stomach and whimpering like a desperate thing, as desperate as Severus. Another thrust and Harry's head went back, coming into contact with the step above him, and it looked uncomfortable and beautiful and obscene, the lithe torso arching shamelessly against the worn wood.

Then Harry scrabbled at his hips, pulling him into another thrust, and Severus could not think any more. Harry's legs wrapped around him as static clouded his vision, and he braced himself against the step and let himself lose control. His hair fell either side of Harry's face, blocking out the world, and for a few perfect seconds there was nothing but Harry's gasps and perfect heat – then Harry cried out, coming between their two pressed bodies, and that was enough to send Snape over the edge, pleasure shuddering his entire body.

Snape stopped, panting, only now realising how very much his knees were hurting and how Harry surely had stair edges digging into his spine. He pulled away, staggering to standing, and winced.

Potter opened his eyes and looked at him.

"You look obscene," said Snape, hoping Potter would understand the tone as his voice was hoarse.

"There's a shock," said Harry, smiling and sitting up with a wince. The smile faded into nervousness as he looked up at Snape.

"You're not going to say something horrible again, are you?" he said, low and wary.

"No," said Snape. He swallowed. "I know now... just how much of a mistake it would be."

Potter bent over to pick up his jeans. He pulled his wand out of the pocket and cast a cleaning charm over both of them. Snape pulled up his trousers.

"I want to do this again," said Harry, coming closer but not quite touching. It was easier than he'd thought to reach out and run a hand over his cheek. 

"Tell me that's what you want," he continued, leaning in.

"What do you think, you stupid boy," said Snape. "Did fucking you on the stairs rather than enduring a short walk to the bedroom seem like the actions of a man who doesn't want you?"

Harry grinned and moved closer. Snape put an arm around him, pulling him to his chest. He rested his chin on Harry's perpetually messy hair.

"I think this is something. I think this means something," said Harry. "I don't want you to mess me about. Tell me now if you're going to have some weird change of heart."

"Do you know what you're proposing, Potter? No one in the world, save maybe Charlie, will think this is a good idea."

"That's nice for them," said Potter coldly.

"Your friends may disown you."

"They wouldn't. They all sort of like you. They'll get over it."

"What are we going to do? Date? Go out on the town with your muggle friends? Get a little house in the country?"

"We can do whatever we want," said Harry. "That's what the war was for, right? And I've been thinking about a house – actually, it's a cottage. In the country, now you come to mention it. I love it, but it's a bit big for me alone. You should come and see it. It's got a basement that would make a brilliant lab."

Snape thought it would be impossible to conjure up an image of he and Potter, together in a cottage. He was surprised when the vision came quite easily. He could have his comfortable life, the one he'd barely dared to visualise; drinking his nice wine, reading his books, perhaps making potions for a living, and fucking Potter over the kitchen table.

"I suppose that's acceptable," he said. Harry grinned at him, then caught him by the hair and kissed him enthusiastically.

"And it's my go on top next time," he said.

"Is it," said Snape, amused.

"Yep," said Harry, then frowned. "If you want to, that is..."

Snape snorted.

"I don't make it a habit," he said, but was stopped from saying any more by the clang of the doorbell.

"Ah," said Snape.

"It's got to be someone from the party," he said. "Most people don't know where this is."

"Ah," repeated Snape, picking up his poloneck. The doorbell rang again, accompanied by urgent knocking. "Accio hairband."

He pulled back his hair as Harry scrabbled not to look like he'd been shagged silly and, in Snape's opinion, failed miserably. Severus began to retreat to the kitchen, but Harry caught his wrist.

"Don't hide," he said, and went to get the door. Severus hesitated, a little back from the door.

"Oh, good, you're here," came Hermione's voice. "We've had one of Charlie's mates trying to tell us you'd been kidnapped by Snape."

"Mad, of course," said Ron.

"Well, yes," agreed Hermione. "But we couldn't find you, and we worried you might be upset. About Ginny, maybe, or... well. We noticed your date was being a bit... over-friendly with Charlie. Are you alright?"

"You look a bit flushed, mate," added Ron.

"Do I?" said Harry faintly. "I'm fine. I was just... I was on my way back. I just had to do something first."

"Yeah, looks like it," said Ron. "Do you know you've got your buttons wrong, right?"

"Er," said Harry.

"Is that a bite, Harry?" said Hermione.

"What kind of bite?" said Harry, clamping his hand to his neck – on the wrong side, Snape recalled.

"You've got a love bite? Let's see it, then!" said Ron.

"Hell of a love bite," said Hermione, and there was something dark and warning in her tone. "Looks more like teeth marks."

Snape didn't know why Potter hadn't said anything. He'd definitely hurt him more than once tonight. The bite had been pure spite. Spite, and the brief loss of Potter's mouth.

"Oh, right, yeah," said Harry, hand switching sides. "I think I was asking for it," he said, and Snape could well imagine his rueful grin.

"So who..." said Ron, who probably hadn't noticed the same things Hermione had. "I mean, that Eliot twat was necking Charlie when we left – er, sorry mate – and you can't have pulled at the party anyway because the only one missing is Snape, and obviously you –"

"Obviously he what," said Snape, bored of hiding. Harry pulled the door wider, and Ron and Hermione stared at him blankly.

"No," said Ron. "No way."

"Ron," began Harry. "I know it's mad, but –"

"Urgh, no, don't say anything. I knew you've had this whole Snape crusade going on, but sleeping with him? Don't you think that's taking it a bit far?"

"It's not about that," snapped Harry. 

"What, has he done something to you? This is Snape we're talking about. The Greasy Git, your worst enemy, remember?"

"Ron," hissed Hermione, glancing at Snape. Snape was not upset.

"He's not done anything to me," said Harry, exasperated. 

"Aside from the obvious, of course," added Snape, and Harry snorted. It seemed it was too soon for Ron and Hermione.

"My sister's screwing Malfoy and my best friend's screwing Snape," growled Ron. "I can't take this. I'm going back to the normal people."

He stormed off down the steps, apparating mid-stride with a resounding crack. Hermione stared after him, and looked back to Harry in distress.

"Can we –" she said, and cast a regretful glance behind her. "Could we talk for a second, Harry?"

She pulled him down the steps a little, not remotely far enough to be out of Snape's earshot. Snape leaned against the banister and listened. There was a cold calm in his heart; Potter's reaction might make or break their strange affair, and he'd like to know now.

"He hasn't – you want this, right, Harry? I mean, you've always hated him. Do you find him, you know, attractive?"

He could see a corner of Harry's smile.

"Yeah," he said. "I really, really, do. Mad, isn't it?"

"How long has this been..."

"Ooh, about half an hour," said Harry. "Or maybe a week. Depending upon how you look at it. Basically, this is way before the 'tell my friends' point, but I suppose it's best to have it out in the open. This really... it matters, Hermione."

Hermione raised her eyebrows.

"I've never got you and Snape, so I don't know why this would make it any easier," she said, despairing. "I still don't think it's right. He's a lot older. Do you have anything in common?"

"We'll see, won't we?" he said. He seemed happy about the prospect.

"Potter," said Snape, stepping into the doorway. "You've already shocked your closest friends. Can you endure that reaction from everyone you meet?"

"Except Charlie," said Potter, brushing it aside. "Why him, by the way?"

"Because he seems to think you have a thing about me, and vice versa. He's been very insistent that we sort it out."

"We have sorted it," said Harry firmly. "Now stop trying to back out. You said you wouldn't."

"Slytherins lie," said Snape, but the look on Potter's face made him reach out. He stopped before he reached his destination, aware of Hermione's gaze.

"It's alright," said Harry. "I'm figuring out when you mean it and when you're just being awkward. But don't count on me getting it right all the time."

"I will try to be... less awkward," he said. He was suddenly reminded of how he'd felt with the Weasleys, with Dumbledore; he'd kept reaching out, despite his conviction that he should not, that he did not deserve it, and every time he received some crumb of affection he'd curled around it in selfish weakness. Potter was slightly different; Potter made him want to throw himself headlong into his path, to indulge this ache in his heart and have Potter assuage it. It felt heady and dangerous, and Snape held it as much at bay as he could manage.

He decided to throw caution to the wind for now, and he slid his hands through the hair at the nape of Harry's neck. Harry did not pull away for the sake of his friend; he leaned in and smiled.

Hermione looked at them both, and shook her head.

"I did always say you should try to get on," she said, smiling faintly. "This wasn't quite what I meant though. Don't worry about Ron, Harry, it's a lot to process. I'll talk to him."

She gave him a quick peck on the cheek and apparated away.

"That went well," said Harry.

"I am sorry I was not more discreet," he said.

"No you're not, and screw discreet," said Potter, and pulled him into a kiss. "Do you think you could go again?"

Snape snorted.

"I'm not sure," he answered, honestly. "But I might be persuaded."

Potter smirked.

"Right then," he said. "Follow me."

Severus did not have much choice; he was lead by the hand back into the house. But he would not have wished to be anywhere else. He'd had too much suffering, too much lack of resolution in his life; he deserved this. He was going to be indulged, and it might be alright. Nothing was resolved just yet, of course, and nothing was perfect; they had too much to learn, too much life to live.

But as he watched Harry's lithe form move gracefully up the stairs, he thought this might be as close as he could imagine to a happy ending.