Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues

(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: …taste like bacon by the way. / I always wondered what they tasted like.…
Warning: Gross food! If you have queasy stomach, do not read any further!
Disclaimer: Don't own, just using the Final Fantasy Fandom for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Cid et all
POV: Cid / Vincent

BACON

He was so hungry, all he could do is think about the food from the last town, and how good the crap was.

~hell, everythin' is good when ya don't have anythin'~

Cid was at the point that he would give anything for that tasteless meat pie that he whined about how awful it was.

Nuts and berries were just not cutting it.

~I need protein~

And the damn fish weren't biting. He had just spent two hours sitting on the bank of the river trying to catch a fish. Nanaki had been useful enough to dig him up a tin of worms but the fish weren't biting. He was hoping that the others were having better luck finding food.

His stomach grumbled.

~I'm so hungry~

…..

Cid looked up and slurped what looked like a noodle between his lips. It left a greasy mark on his chin that he wiped away with the back of his hand.

"Did you catch some fish?" Vincent asked as he curiously looked at the food prepared on the fire. He, along with Barret and Aerith, were not able to find much more than some oddly coloured apples. He was a bit curious as to where the noodles came from. He was about to ask, when Yuffie appeared with Tifa and Cloud close behind. It looked like they had been able to catch some Jumping.

"What did ya catch?" she said as she poked at the noodles in the pan, and before Cid could answer she gave out a shriek that hurt his ears.

"Eeew," she drawled. "Those are worms!"

He heard Tifa gag and then gave Cid a glare. Nanaki looked up from Cid's side and licked his lips; obviously he had already partaken of Cid's cooking. Barret shook his head but looked a little green. Yuffie continued to announce and yell at how gross Cid was and something about messing up her pots. Aeirth was trying to calm the frantic ninja and told her that she would clean the pots later. Cloud didn't seem to care, but muttered something to the extent that he wasn't going to eat that crap and went to go clean his catch. Cait…Cait didn't count. It sat on its stuffed animal with a blank look on its face.

"Tastes like bacon," Cid announced as he spooned some more of the worms into the small bowl he was using.

"I always wondered what they tasted like." Vincent sat himself on the ground in front of the fire and was a little startled as Cid handed him a bowl.

"Eat up!"

Galian thought it was a great idea. Chaos grumbled something about commoners' food. Hellmasker said they would taste better raw, and Death Gigas pronounced he wasn't hungry.

He was grateful when Nanaki nuzzled his side and asked him if he was going to finish it.

worms taste like bacon by the way. / I always wondered what they tasted like... full inspirational text.

Ewwww….yuck, gross, gag, choke, retch, ack, bleh and I ran out of words for you to say that this is disgusting!

I have a new picy! Yeah fanart! It is for the BACON TFLN story. Without the spaces here, or you can go to my profile and follow the linkage that is there.

http:/ abnormal2110. /art /Tastes-like-Bacon-160688682