This is so not how he expected the conversation to end.

Knuckles cracking against the glass, Tony shoves her hips higher, trying for a better angle. She gasps out "Tony," as she grinds against him, her fingers tying knots in his shirt. Abby's eyes are closed, head tipped back, red lips parted as she pants and groans with him. She's hot as hell, but his eyes keep stealing away from her face. He can't stop watching the outer room.

This is an even worse idea than what he'd come down to warn her about.

"Working late tonight?" he'd opened, nice and smooth, leading the perp right into the trap.

"Tony!" Abby squealed and spun away from the firing chamber. "You're here late. Got something for me?"

He shook his head. "Just finishing up a few notes on the Colburn case. You working on something?"

She stripped off her gloves. "Huh-uh. I wanted to get some calibrations done while things were slow."

Tony bent down to whisper in her ear. "Get a little side-tracked last night?"

She pushed back from him, eyes wide as her chair rolled to a stop. "Oh, my God, you didn't!"

"I did," he said, watching her face carefully. He didn't want to hurt her, not Abs, but she needed to know. "And you'll be lucky if it doesn't get around to the whole building once they review those security tapes."

Abby jumped up. Instead of pacing around, gnawing at her fingers like he would have expected, she skipped over to the scene of the crime. So to speak. The chains dangling from her belt jingled like a belly dancer's as the pleats of her skirt flapped over her thighs.

"You'd think so, wouldn't you?" She did a little pirouette with her arms spread wide. "Amazingly enough, this whole area is one-hundred percent free of our friendly big brother. Somebody screwed up when they set up the cameras."

He raised an eyebrow. "Convenient."

She grinned. "It is! I can even change clothes in here when I need to."

"Um, Abs?" As much as he loved that image, Tony had to point out the obvious. "You have glass windows."

She nodded. "I know that, Tony. But I don't care if one of you guys gets a quick peep show. I just don't want to get caught on tape."

God, he hated being the heavy, being the un-fun guy, but Abby was one of his favorite-est people in the entire world. "And if Gibbs catches you having sex with McGee in the building, you'll both be out of here so fast you won't have time to grab your pretty little panties."

"Ooh, Tony! Talk dirty to me some more!"

He frowned at her. Abby sighed and finally looked serious.

"He won't, okay? Unless he's already working a case, Gibbs never comes in at night. Except if he gets called in. If that happens, I'll have enough time to stop." She marched over to her desk, turned the monitor towards him, and clicked the mouse a couple of times.

Tony snorted as a window popped up, flashing the words "Operation Coffee Grounds" in neon green.

She stalked back to him and pounced, wrapping him up in a giant Abby-hug. "You are so sweet," she said into his neck. "Thank you for worrying about me."

Tony hugged her back, pulling her in close. She smelled good, layers of female musk, gunpowder, and something kind of cinnamon-y. Her own special mix.

"Of course I worry," he confessed. Saying stuff like that to Abby was easy. Just like her hugs. Abby wasn't shy at all, with her body pressed fully against him, her breasts snug against his chest.

She giggled. "You watched me have sex." The words puffed against his throat.

"It was really hot, you know." The hug had gone on way too long, even for the two of them. He tried to let go, but Abby dropped her arms lower, caressing his back.

"Mmm-hmm," she said. "You should have been on this end of it."

Tony couldn't breathe. He swore he felt a slap reverberating through his skull, but it was only a ghost, not strong enough to stop his hands from creeping down to brush her hip.

Abby whimpered.

"No cameras, huh?"

"Not within a two-meter radius."

He should have stopped it there, but now, with her wrapped tightly around him in every sense, Tony knows he'd make the same decision all over again. Eyes glued on the outer room, he gasps as her nails scrape his back through his shirt. He wishes they could get naked; Abby has fantastic breasts. He'd love to suck her fat nipple without the taste of cotton on his tongue, would love to see her breasts bounce with his every thrust.

Tony's not quite that stupid. Not yet.

Abby moans and rolls her head against the glass, pulling him deeper with her legs. Despite the risk–-because of the risk–-this is one of the hottest things he's ever done.

"Tony," she cries again, opening her eyes and looking right at him, and he has to admit that the hottest part of this is Abby herself. Abby, who's smart and awesome and knows all the shit he pulls–-and wants him anyway.

"Is it good?" he asks, slowing down, stilling. He grins as Abby pushes and writhes against him, but she can't get any traction on the wall. She slaps his shoulder.

"It was," she pouts, but he holds on, breathing deep, drawing it out the best he can. Teasing is a very good thing. Even if the heat of her around his cock is driving him mad.

He bends forward, grunting as he slides out a little bit farther, and nips at her throat where skin meets leather.

"Oh, yeah." She thrashes enough that he almost loses his footing. Tony bites harder, not enough to bruise but definitely hard enough to feel. "Fuck, yeah."

Fuck teasing, he thinks, and slams back into her. Abby makes that high-pitched breathy moan with the catch in the middle that's one of his favorite things about women. She's close, he can tell, but he's not sure if he can give her what she needs in this position.

He slips three fingers under her collar and Abby's breath hitches again. The collar's tight, almost as tight as she is, and hot like her skin. He rubs his thumb across one of the studs before sliding it under the collar. Snugs his thumb right up against her pounding pulse. Abby bangs her head against the glass and comes with a shriek.

Tony thrusts up hard, pulling her down against him. His balls are drawn up, his legs are shaking, things are just about to blow when his eyes track back to the outer lab for a final time.

"Oh, fuck." Tony's staring straight into McGee's eyes as he comes.