The day my sister went to college she was wearing one of her boyfriend's flannel shirts over a white tee, faded blue jeans and pink and white sneakers. The day she came home from college she was wearing a spiked black leather biker jacket, a tight tee, skinny fit black vinyl pants and knee high black boots with more buckles than a straitjacket. Nineteen years old, slim, fit and with a shock of unruly jet black hair, Emma had turned into a goth goddess and, no lie, the hottest girl I'd ever laid eyes on.
Living in the same house as the girl of your dreams is not as fun as it sounds. It's bad enough when you see a hot girl and you know she's unattainable because she's way out of your league, but when that girl is also your big sister that's a whole new level of unattainability.
So I look, but not too much, and tell my friends to lay off when they start talking about how hot she is. So far it's worked, and by worked I mean I haven't lost my fucking mind with frustration. Yet.
Mom and Dad, no surprise, hate her new look, which is maybe the one thing they can agree on, and even more they hate that she also dumped her boyfriend and is now seeing a guy called Luce. Luce is, no kidding, short for Lucifer. I don't think he wears flannel shirts.
There's been no big scenes though. They may not like Emma's style or who she's dating, but they won't do anything crazy like kick her out of the house. People would talk, and Mom and Dad lay a lot of importance on what the town thinks of them.
I sometimes think that's why they're still together. It is why they aren't home tonight. They're attending a wedding at the Wilderwood Hotel, and will be staying over. I wasn't invited and neither was Emma, which is a first since we usually get dragged along to all of these things to shore up the image of the happy family.
Since they won't be home until tomorrow Emma is going to be out all night, doing who the hell knows what with who the hell knows who in who the hell knows where. I caught a look at her before she left and she was in that lethal looking biker jacket, a tight black tee, a short black leather skirt, fishnets and her buckled boots, along with two or three metal studded belts slung round her slim hips. Yeah, she looked amazing.
With the house to myself I grab a couple of beers from the fridge and head up to my room. I go online for a bit, but I can't shake the mental image of Emma out of my head and it's such a distraction my kill/death ratio goes through the floor. After riding the fail train for a while longer I log out and decide to watch a movie instead. I grab a couple of DVDs and go downstairs to the lounge.
I put on Underworld, and it's not long before the sight of Kate Beckinsale in skintight black rubber does what it always does. Yeah, I tell myself as I lean back and unzip, it's Selene that's turning me on. I am totally not jerking off to...
A key rattles in the front door. I yank my zip up and turn of the TV, leaping up from the couch and stuffing tissues into the pocket of my jeans as Emma walks in and throws herself into a chair with a sigh.
"I fucking hate guys, " she says.
"Uh..."
"I don't mean you."
"Cool."
"You don't count. You're my little brother."
Thanks a lot, Sis.
It's just after eleven, which would be early for Emma to be home even if our parents were here. I guess the night hasn't gone so good.
"Everything okay?"
She shrugs. "Fine."
Obviously it isn't, but I don't push it. I'm still standing so I make a vague gesture with my beer. "You want one of these?"
She thinks for a moment. "Sure."
I walk into the kitchen to get another couple of beers. When I walk back in Emma has a cigarette lit, which is something else Mom and Dad hate.
She looks more pissed off than upset, and the dark makeup around her green eyes is as sharp now as it was earlier, so she hasn't been crying. I'm glad to see that, and reward myself for that moment of brotherly concern with a glance at the thin stream of smoke she blows from her dark red lips.
"I thought you might be out tonight, " she says. I open one of the beers and she takes it with a smile. "You've been seeing that girl who was at your eighteenth, right? Gina?"
"Jenny." I open the other beer for myself and sit back down on the couch. "Yeah, not so much."
"She seems nice." I can't tell if my sister is being sarcastic or not.
"She's not really my type."
Emma leans back and puts her feet up on the coffee table, tapping her nails on the beer bottle. "So what is your type?"
Is she flirting with me?
"Oh, you know... " I say casually, with a hint of a smile.
A pause. "So what have you been doing?"
So, not flirting.
"I was just going to watch a movie."
There's a muffled bleep, and Emma takes her phone out of her jacket pocket and reads whatever message she just received. She scowls and taps out a quick reply, then drops the phone back into her pocket.
"Okay, " she says. "A movie sounds good right now."
Before I can say anything else she stands up and moves over, sitting on the other side of the couch. Picking up the remote that lies between us she turns the TV back on, and we start watching Underworld.
"Wow, I haven't watched this since I was a kid."
"I like it."
"I remember." She nudges me playfully. "Do you still have the poster of Kate Beckinsale on your wall?"
"Uh yeah, " I shrug. "I've never got around to taking it down."
"Sure."
It's a good movie and we're soon both watching, drinking our beers and chatting casually. It's the longest time I've spent with my sister, just the two of us, in a long time, and definitely since she came home from college.
It's not that we don't get along, but she's a year older than me and when we hit our teens it didn't take long for me to become the annoying-little- brother. Which I was, looking back on it. If only I'd known then that a few months of college would turn my sister into the kind of girl I had been fantasising about since... well, since the first time I watched Underworld.
"I love that leather coat, " Emma says.
"You should get one. You'd look good in it."
"Yeah." She drinks some more of her beer. "I love that suit as well."
"You should... uh... yeah."
I shift on the couch slightly, trying to hide the effect that the mental image of my sister in a black rubber catsuit is having on me. Is she doing this on purpose? How much has she had to drink tonight?
A few minutes later Emma waves her now empty beer bottle. "Want another?"
I still have half of mine left. "Sure."
When she comes back with the beers she sits down and stretches out across most of the couch, her head now so close to me that her hair brushes against my shoulder. I try to focus on the movie.
Later we get back onto the topic of Kate Beckinsale's costume. "I don't know how she can move like that in a corset!"
"Oh?"
"It's not easy!"
"Speaking from experience?"
She laughs.
I go and get another couple of beers. As I hand her one I ask "So, have you done a lot of fighting while wearing a corset?"
"No. Not fighting, " she says.
Emma grins wickedly at me as I sit down again. She shifts again on the couch, leaning into me and resting her head on my shoulder. I take a deep breath and have to move my legs again.
"You tired?"
"No, just comfy."
Which is more than I can say. My sister is still wearing her biker jacket, and as much as I enjoy the feel of her against my shoulder, and the soft creak of the leather as she leans into me, the studs on the shoulder panels are digging into my arm through my tee. I manage to wriggle my arm free which leaves Emma leaning into me even more, and my arm slung across the back of the couch. I let my arm drop down and rest on hers, liking the feel of the smooth leather over her slender arm.
She's quiet for a while and I wonder if she's fallen asleep, but no, she's just intent on the movie.
"Those fangs are great, " she says.
I give her arm a soft squeeze. "So where are yours?"
She sits up to look at me, her head off my shoulder now but leaning back into my arm. "If I was a vampire I'd bite you."
"What do you mean 'if'?"
She laughs. So do I. We're both still laughing when she pounces on me.
"Rowr!"
This fight isn't nearly so well choreographed as the ones we've just been watching, but it's way more fun. Emma pounces on top of me, mock clawing at me and trying to bite my neck. My efforts to defend myself are mostly to parry her 'attacks' with one hand while my other lays hold of whatever part of her lithe, leather-clad body I can reach.
"I thirst!"
"Get a beer!"
"Blood!"
"Ow! Jesus!" I feel like I'm being scratched to bits by the studs on her jacket. She laughs, half on my lap.
"I thought you liked this jacket?" She shrugs it off and drops it the floor. "Better?"
"Better." She must be able to tell I'm staring at her tits. They jut out nicely in her tight black tee but I don't get a long look since Emma pounces on me again.
"Blood!"
I manage to catch hold of one of her wrists while my other hand flails behind her. I try to snag one of her belts but miss and grab her ass instead.
Fuck does it feel good. I squeeze tight, my fingers digging into the black leather of her skirt, and I feel like I'm harder than I've ever been in my life. My sister's face is inches from mine and I can't resist. I lean forward to kiss her.
Only that's the exact moment she moves as well. I can't tell if she's rearing back to stop me from kissing her, or pushing her ass back into my hand, but whichever it is we both unbalance and topple off the couch. Emma's ass hits the coffee table as we go down and it upends as we hit the floor.
We lie there for a moment, side by side and shaking with laughter as we catch our breath. I prop myself up on my elbow and look over at Emma. As she laughs softly her breasts rise and fall under her snug black tee and the only thing I want more than to take hold of her is for her to keep aiming that wicked grin at me.
"You okay?"
"Yeah." She looks over at the upended coffee table and at the long, deep scratches scored into it by her studded belts as we went down. "Uh oh..."
"Oh shit."
We exchange worried looks for a second, but neither of us can keep a straight face and we start laughing again.
"Mom is going to be pissed, " I say.
"Yeah."
"I'll say it was me."
"Like she'll believe that." Emma smirks. "I'm the devil daughter, right?" She stands up and pouts at the damage. "She thinks I'm a bad influence on you. They both do." As I stand up she gives me that wicked smile again. "What do you think?"
I'm taller than Emma, but the blocky heels of her boots give her some extra height and we're face to face. I rest a hand on her shoulder and smile.
"I think you're the best."
I draw her into a tight hug, my other hand moving up and round to her slender back. She leans into me and I feel her tits against me. It takes me a second to realise that she has had her nipples pierced and that's what else I can feel under her tee.
"Emma..."
She leans back and looks at me, her hands resting on my arms. Her eyes are half closed and her lips slightly parted. I move my hand from her shoulder to behind her head, my fingers running through her shock of jet black hair as I pull her back to me and kiss her.
Her breath is hot, coming from her lips in gasps so soft I feel them more than I hear them. Her mouth opens and our when our tongues touch it's like electricity races through our bodies. Our muscles tense and Emma gasps louder as I pull her tight to me, my hand sliding down her ass, pulling her against me so she feels my cock, straining against my jeans, pressed into her tight leather skirt.
Emma breaks our kiss and looks up at me. "I'm your sister..." she says softly.
I kiss her again and we fall back onto the couch. Emma's arms are around me now, at my neck, on my back. I drop a hand to her thigh, pushing up her tight leather skirt and reaching between her legs.
My head jerks up with a yelp as Emma claws at my back, adding a few more scratches to those I already got in our earlier battle. She is writhing under me as I snap off her thong and unbuckle my jeans. Her legs kick up and I grab my cock and push forward and my sister groans under me as I sink my cock into her wet pussy.
I'm half standing, half kneeling on the couch. Reaching down I slide my hand under her tee, feeling her tits encased in her shiny black bra. I catch the ring in her nipple between finger and thumb and pull on it as I push into her.
Emma whimpers and gasps as we fuck, and I've never heard anything so sexy. I'm really slamming into her, as fast as I can, and I know there's other things I should be doing to her, and for her, but I'm running on pure instinct. I'm suddenly living my kinkiest sexual fantasy, fucking my hot as hell bad girl goth sister, and if I stop to think even for a second I'll realise how wrong this is, or she will.
Only it doesn't feel wrong, and when my sister's tight, slick pussy clenches around my cock and she throws her head back and moans as I cum inside her it feels so right.
So fucking right.
I hold on tight, until I've pumped every drop of my cum into my sister's pussy, and the idiotic thought pops into my head that I'm glad I didn't waste it on Selene earlier.
Though if I had maybe I'd have lasted longer. Fuck.
"Oh fuck..."
"Oh fuck..."
I ease out of her and fall back onto the couch. We both lie there panting for breath, and then it's like neither of us know what to say next, so neither of us say anything, just shift and straighten our clothes.
The silence drags on, long enough to get uncomfortable when she reaches for her jacket, takes out her cigarettes and lights one. I watch her smoking for a few minutes, but not to get off on the whole sexy smoking bad girl thing, for once. I'm just waiting for her to say something, because she's looking away and I can't read her expression, and I can't help feeling that whatever I say it's going to be the wrong thing.
"So... uh... what do think Mom's going to say?"
Now she turns round. My sister stares at me like I've suddenly gone insane. "Huh?"
"I mean... about the scratches on the table."
She gives a weird laugh, then puts out her cigarette, stands up and stretches.
"I'm going to bed, " she says quietly. She picks up her jacket and turns away, the looks back at me. "Was that your first time?"
Fuck. Was I that bad? "I... uh..."
Emma grins and shakes her head. "G'night, little brother, " she says, and walks out of the lounge, leaving me wondering what just happened.