"Do you have condoms?" 

Brian's words made Michael pause, coming fully awake. His fingers still, for a bit, in Brian's hair. "In my apartment? Or on me now? And... pardon me for being nosy, but... why?"

"Just checking." Brian quickly shut his eyes, trying to fall back asleep.

"Ahhh... you back on 'condom patrol'?" Michael pressed his lips to Brian's brow. "Yes, Daddy. I always put my raincoat on even when there's a slight chance of rain showers."

Brian couldn't help but chuckle at Michael's use of vocabulary. "I'm not..." He rubbed a hand over his forehead. "... I realize I can be militant about it, but... I just want you to be extra cautious..."

"Brian... I don't even give Ben head without him wearing one. It's actually quite a different experience... the texture..."

Brian tried to cover his ears from the ringing in his head. "Michael... I don't want to know that..."

"What part?" Michael snickered, his fingers skimming over Brian's neck and shoulders, down under his shirt.

"Anything dealing with you... and Ben... and sex... certainly between you two. Just tell me you use them, forgo the details."

"Are you leaving?" Michael squeezed Brian closer.

"Do you want me to?"

"No." Michael punctuated the word with the shake of his head. "My bed can get cold at night, when I'm alone." He kissed Brian on the forehead, rubbing his cheek on the skin.

"And you need the famed Kinney warming blanket, don't you?"

"You don't have to stay, if you have plans." Michael stuck out his bottom lip, when Brian looked up he sucked it in.

"I do have plans... with you." Brian smirked, pressing a quick, hard kiss to Michael's mouth. He jumped out from his scrunched position between Michael and the puffy cushions. He sent down a hand, wiggling his fingers at Michael. "C'mon... let's go to bed. I like snuggling with you, but that fuckin' couch was designed by people who eat bean sprouts and hate human beings and mankind." He rolled out all the kinks in his muscles and bones.

"Emmett will be sadly disappointed. He got it on sale." Michael grabbed for Brian's hand, reaching up to use Brian's torso for more strength to rise.

"If he loves it so much... when he dies... we'll bury him on it..." Brian secured an arm about Michael's waist, dipping him slightly over his forearm. "I'd rather lay in bed with you anyway." He turned, his arm slipping back to take Michael's hand as they made their way into Michael's bedroom.

"Oh, my... what's a girl to do!?" Michael put one hand to his flushed cheek. "You're being a little more honest than I'm used to." When they reached the bed frame, Michael put the back of his hand on Brian's forehead. "You okay? You do look a bit frazzled."

Brian was momentarily stunned, only because of the way Michael was touching him after that dream he had. Frazzled? Uhm... yeah, you could say that. "I'm fine. Really. Good. I'm tired, but I'm... fine."

Michael gazed up at Brian under dark lashes. "I can make you relax a bit more."

I bet you could, Michael , Brian thought as he stared with a stupid grin. "Uh... pardon me, but I'm not tense." 

"You are, you big baby." Michael reached up to cup the broad shoulders. "You're all stiff and fidgety. You've touched your collar, like, ten times already. That means something is on your mind... something is bothering you..."

Brian felt his face go numb, smile frozen. "Work, is all... and... life... sucking, in general."

Michael rolled his eyes. "Tell me about it." He let his fingers trickle down Brian's chest. "Take off your shirt."

It was an easy request, but Michael may as well have asked Brian to "fuck him good and hard". "Huh?"

"Take Off. Your Shirt."

"It's my nipples, isn't it?"

"My turn... uhm... HUH?"

"Wait..." Brian closed his eyes, attempting to recall the chain of events that led to them having sex in his dream. Had he wanted to suck Michael's nipples or had Michael wanted to suck...? "... what did you say?"

Michael was about ready to hysterically crack up laughing. He was right in front of Brian with no chance of him not hearing a word he said. "I asked you, nicely, to take off your shirt. Is it that difficult to do?" He raised his fingers to reach for the buttons. "I can help."

"No!" Brian brought up his hand, palm out. He was warding off Michael's possible ferocious unbuttoning skills. "Stay... back. Even though it looks trashy, it's retro fashion. This shirt cost me a small fortune to be torn in all the right places. I'm not letting you simply... rip... it off me like some..."

"Brian... are you high?" Michael crossed his arms over his chest, squinting at his best friend.

"Uh... I'm sleepy, which is worse. Especially when my dreams are so vivid and feel so real..."

"Was I in it?"

"Yes." Brian lowered his eyes, playing with his third button.

"Did I rip your shirt in the dream?"

"Yeah..." Brian closed his eyes in blissful torture. "... you did..."

"Well... I'm sorry..." Michael tried hard not to bust out laughing.

"Michael..."

"I'm beginning to understand why I may have ripped the damn thing off you. Did you grow a third nipple?"

"No." Brian genuinely chuckled, finally. The numbness wearing off his face.

"Okay, fine then. Turn around... lay face down on the bed." Michael twirled his finger to show Brian what to do, but he wouldn't move.

"Why?" Brian's hazel eyes went wide, curious.

"Oh..." Michael smacked a hand to his head. "... Lord... this night is gonna be very long."

"Michael..."

Michael was growing frustrated that something was making Brian act this way and it may have everything to do with his dream. The one where he ripped Brian's shirt off of him. Yeah... so helpful. "Great... okay... how about... you simply stand where you are. I will come around you..." He did, moving to face Brian's back. "... I'll do it standing up..."

"Mikey, I..." Brian even tried to turn his torso away.

Michael wasn't hearing anything. He forced Brian to face forward, the curve and wide expanse of his back to him. He began massaging Brian's lower muscles to come up the spine, then across the clenched shoulder blades. "Not tense, my cute butterball ass..." He grumbled under breath as he moved up Brian's neck. "This would be so much easier for both of us on the bed."

Brian couldn't stop chuckling, knowing what he was thinking about Michael and what he could do to his body. He slowly unbuttoned his shirt, making sure Michael stepped backward a few inches. He let the material slide down his skin to end up caught in one hand. He swiveled around to kiss Michael thoroughly, pressing his lips down the short expanse of neck, one arm wrapped about the tiny waist. "I'm sorry. I've been acting very naughty. I'll lay down on the bed and you can do... whatever..." His nose drifted over Michael's face, eyes on his open lips. "... you wanted to do with me." He threw the shirt to land on the top of Michael's dresser, then crawled to lay down on the left side of the mattress, doing exactly what he promised.

Michael nearly came and cried, only because he loved it when Brian got this sentimentally sweet and provocative. He watched Brian lay face down, folding his arms and laying on them. Oh... my... so many things TO DO with Brian in this position. Instead, Michael chose to find the massage oil someone had given him one Christmas. He climbed over Brian to sit on the right side of the mattress. He opened the oil bottle, the delicious scent wafted up to his nostrils before he poured it out. "Whoa... you... are gonna smell good enough to eat."

Brian flipped his head over to look at Michael with one eye. "Does it smell like buttered popcorn?"

"No." Michael giggled uncontrollably. What the hell was wrong with Brian?

"Good." Brian flipped his head to face away.

"Why do you ask?"

"Because I know how crazy you get for buttered popcorn... and, sadly, I need my sleep tonight."

"Understood. Have to agree... I do love my popcorn buttered." Michael dipped low to speak into Brian's ear, which allowed him to sneak over Brian's body, straddling him. "Have I told you how horny I get when I smell coconut oil?" He poured a generous amount in his palm, before he recapped the bottle. He started at Brian's neck muscles and across his shoulders, rubbing the sweet scented oil on Brian's naked back.

Brian dragged a pillow over to rest his head on. "Liar."

"Okay. But if I should attack, don't say I never warned you." Michael applied pressure to Brian's mid-spine, rolling out to the side of his rib cage.

"Bananas."

"Huh?" Michael chuckled again. What was going on in Brian's mind tonight?

"I like the smell of bananas... and, uh... cotton candy..."

"Thanks for sharing." Michael bent low to rub his cheek against Brian's stubble. "Go to sleep, Brian."

"Wake me up if you decide to have your way with me. I don't want to miss a thing."

"I promise." Michael kissed Brian's side burn, nuzzling his ear. He was making his way toward the lumbar spine. 

"Thank you."

"You're welcome. Goodnight..."

" 'Night, Michael..." Brian shut his eyes and was gone like a light turning off. His body loosening and less tense.

Brian was out again... stuck on an island... thinking he was all by his lonesome with his pet monkey, Coco-Nuts. That was until he stumbled upon a native of the island, who looked a lot like Michael. The tall palm trees, lining the beach, bore cartons of buttered popcorn. Michael came bearing scrumptious gifts of bananas and cotton candy. They were instantly attracted, though neither understood what the other spoke. Both barely wearing any clothes, so much less to take off. They fucked liked animals, savage beasts... and STILL not a damn condom in sight!!

Fuckin' dreams!!

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Michael was simply being decent, cleaning out his closet in case Ben, one day, would want to store some clothes over here. He heard the noise before he could actually prepare himself for a crazed, rabid animal attack. He saw the furry animal scurry across the carpet, heading toward the outer room of the apartment. He chased it, shutting his bedroom door. He cornered it in the kitchen; it was hiding under the refrigerator coils, making all kinds of squeaks and grunts. He picked up a broom and a mop, hoping the long handles gave him that "I wouldn't touch that filthy animal with a ten foot pole" vibe.

If it was under the fridge, then it couldn't do much but hide along the wall; its beady eyes popped out to check if Michael had disappeared or not. Maybe it was waiting for him to scream like a frightened girl. He hopped up on the counter, making it look like he had left. He could almost see the snout poking out from under the front grate.

"You... little... shit..." Michael's eyes got wide and fascinated.

How to outwit a scruffy rat... or small gerbil... hamster?

Damn... he wished he had some kind of chemical to spray in its face to douse it into unconsciousness, throw it back outdoors and pray it woke up out of the chemical coma. But... nah... Emmett had made him get rid of all the toxic sprays going for the more Mother Earth, Hug-A-Tree, Save The Whales kind of animal homicide... mouse traps. Yea, technology! The rats were too smart; they kicked the shit out of the traps, kept finding ways to steal the cheese without getting caught. Emmett wouldn't believe him. 

Well... now a human was here. And this human didn't care for any smart-ass rats invading his private domain.

Michael waited for the right moment, able to see the beady eyes for himself... before he pounced. And when he did... he caught the rat between the bristles of the broom and the mop hair. The thing squealed as if it was a newborn piggie. "God Dammit... you're a noisy fucker!" He maneuvered his way toward his front door, willing to try opening the knob with his elbows... but lucky for him... someone chose to visit.

A knock sounded.

"Come in! It's unlocked!" Michael bit his tongue, masterminding a way to let go of this wretched dirty creature the second that door opened wide.

"Mikey... what did I tell you..." Brian was about ready to admonish Michael for leaving his door unlocked when a mouse ran over his three-hundred dollar Italian leather loafers. "Fuckin' bullshit!" He slid out of the way, behind Michael.

"Ah-ha... run Forest run!" Michael bent low to send the rat scurrying across his hardwood floor and out into the hallway. He wiped at his eyes, in feigned sadness. "He'll never write... of course he never paid rent, either." Then leaned on his two helpers, broom and mop, as he watched Brian stare at him in wide wonder. "Hey... were you missing a rat? 'Cause apparently I had one all this time."

"Ew... tha's fuckin' nasty."

Michael went to shut his door. He pulled down an old sweatshirt, rolling it into a rope-like shape, then stuffed the material at the under lip of the door. "There. Hope that'll stop him from returning."

"Where did he come from?"

"His rat mommy and his rat daddy."

"Duh... no... where did you find the rat?"

"My closet."

"See... normal gay people just have skeletons, Mikey." Brian took off his leather jacket then his suit jacket. He rolled up his sleeves, loosened his tie. "Take me to the crime scene."

"Bedroom. Closet." Michael pointed with the handles of the broom and mop as he put them away. He followed quickly behind Brian.

"Jesus Christ... did the rat do this?" Brian was looking at all the stuff that had fallen or was thrown out of the closet all on the floor.

"Yeah... apparently my kind of rat-infestation knows how to kung-fu fight. Plus he had this mean temper, kept throwing shit at me." Michael threw up his hands in surrender. "Look... I'm trying to clean this closet out. I guess he was burrowed in there... god knows where... and he made a scratchy noise. Then just flew out at me."

"Rat's don't fly."

"This one did."

"Yeah... you're Object-Throwing-Kung-Fu-Fighting rat..." Brian stepped into the closet, itself, looking up. "Ah-ha... you have a hole in your closet, Mikey."

"So he did fly?"

"Looks like it." Brian turned around to reached up to pull down some blankets stored up on the shelf. "... and here was where he lay his little rat head." He lowered the fleece blanket to show Michael where the rat turd droppings were and some mysterious looking cheese.

Michael made a face. "Gross."

"Get some garbage bags. Looks like this closet needs a serious overhauling."

"Uh... wait... why are you here? It's two o'clock in the afternoon. Shouldn't you be at work?"

"Could say the same for you." Brian smirked, then blinked slowly. "Afternoon off. Thought I'd stop by. Store was closed, so I came over here. And... got accosted by your pet rat." Brian made a quick gesture to show he wasn't going to hold this blanket forever. "Would it help if I said 'please'?"

"Oh, yeah... sorry. Back in a jiff." Michael spun around, heading to the kitchen to grab some tall garbage bags. He returned and they threw whatever was in that pile in first.

"Sit on the bed. I'll hand you things. You tell me what you wanna keep or throw away."

"Cool. This'll go by so much faster with you here."

"It's why I was born, Mikey... to serve your needs." Brian took off his tie, opening his shirt, down one or two buttons. "Okay... top to bottom or bottom on up?"

"Uhm... let's go through the mess out here on the floor, work our way in. So that would be... bottom on up." Michael watched Brian slip his loafers off and sit down on the floor, Indian style.

"Oh... I'm warning you now... anything I pick up with a slight smell of urine... or wearing rat turds as decoration... I'm throwing it out. Got it?"

"Yes, sir." Michael saluted, leaning forward to see what Brian could get his hands on first.

They worked through most of the stuff pretty quickly. Brian figured all of what he picked up was trash-like, but Michael had some kind of sentimental value attached to them. But he had a great way to make Michael prove to him he could live with or without out the collection of Archie Comic Pez heads. Not only today, but Brian did that with most of everything. The garbage bag of trash growing, they went into the second bag.

Brian reached for a nice, leather bound book. Looked almost like part of an encyclopedia set. But when he opened it... it had writing on the lined pages like a journal. "Hey... wha-..." He started reading and he couldn't close his mouth fast enough from the shock.

"What? What's that? A year book?"

"No... a journal." Brian glanced quickly at Michael, his mind wandering. "Has Ben moved some of his stuff in, by any chance?"

"Uhm... some, but nothing major. Why?" Michael jumped off the bed to come down to sit on the floor with Brian.

Brian quickly shut the book. He closed his eyes in sudden grief. Holy Shit...

"C'mon, Brian... lemme see... can't be that bad."

"Is Ben writing a novel... of some kind?"

"I don't know. He could be, but why would he have it sitting here... in my closet? He'd do better having it in his apartment." Michael saw that Brian wasn't budging to let him open the book. "Is it really that bad?"

"No... it's, uh... good. So good... it looks like near porn." Brian gently set the book in Michael's lap. "I'm sure there's a good explanation for this. Don't..." He placed his palm flat on the cover. "... jump to conclusions." He let Michael open the book to read on as he returned to shuffle through what was still by his side, and falling out of the closet, on the floor.

"Oh... my..." Michael turned one page, his brown eyes skimming the writing. "This... is really... really... good... porn..." He turned the book all the way back to the first page. There was no real indication of a title or if this thing was a fake. He shook the the pages upside down, hoping something incriminating would fall out.

And something did...

"Oh, Brian..."

"What?" Brian wiped his hands of dust, turning to face Michael.

"Look at this..." Michael handed Brian the scribbled notes, transcribed in fading pencil.

** Ask men... why they chose Brian Kinney over anyone else in the club... make sure they... go into great detail about what attracted them first... over what distracted them later. Nine times out of ten... the fucks are staged. Men vying for Kinney's time, all to gain some kind of notch on their belt or headboard. They use him to gain pride in themselves of having conquered a man like him. Need to know what draws them in. Need to know what makes Kinney tick. Need to know... why Michael cannot not resist him, either. BIG POINT - Your final thesis addition... which will prove or disprove whole theory. ** 

Brian sat back, drawing his legs up to bend. He simply kept staring at the note, his mind a jumbled mess of images. What. The Fuck?!

"Brian... what does this mean?" Michael glanced down at the open journal in his hands. "Is this some kind of journal... based on you?" He hurriedly turned to the first page, again, hoping for some clues. "I don't... I'm not..." He was flipping back and forth, not seeing one bit of proof what the hell he was looking at.

Brian looked over at Michael, tenderly placing a hand over his wrist. "Stop it. Stop doing that to yourself."

"Brian... I don't... I don't understand."

"I think I do."

"Really. Wha--what is it?"

"Your boyfriend, The Professor."

"Ben? What about him?" Michael moved to lean against Brian's legs. He threw the book off in the distance on the floor. Already not liking it or what it could possibly stand for.

"Has Ben told you anything concerning this... thesis? Some kind of paper he has to write in order to save his job?"

"What?! He's told me nothing about his job at Carnegie. And... how would you know this... and not me?"

"He came to me... about two-n-half months ago, I think... wanting me to willingly participate in some kind of character study for this thesis he's writing for a Psychology professor."

"What? Why you?"

Brian shrugged, his eyes darting away. "He told me... something came up with his contract negotiations. That the school was looking to clean house a bit by stating there was a rule in all the tenured contracts saying in order to teach such-n-such a class... you'd need this degree... and on this one, that degree. In some classes, you'd need double degrees. So... the administration board delved deeply into their contract negotiations for this year and found 10 of their professors in flagrant violation of this new rule, that they claim has been sitting on the books for years. They were only looking to fire one or two, but ten? That was over half their staff. The alumni won't allow them to do that. Sooooo... with each teacher... they've investigated enough to find out what they would need to acquire that degree, in a short amount of time... or these tenured contracts would NOT be renewed."

"I still don't understand why you are the subject?" Michael wrapped his arm about Brian's legs, rubbing the trouser material.

"C'mon, Michael... look at it... me and Bruckner. Now we're total opposites... but we once had the same sexual pattern. He got sick, I'm still healthy. He's dating you, you and I are best friends. Do the 'dots' not connect in your head or do I have to draw it out for you?"

"No.. I think I get it, but... I'm a little confused, is all."

"You're feeling left out, Mikey."

"What did you tell him?"

"I agreed, at first."

"Why?"

"For you."

"Me? But that doesn't..."

"I know how much Bruckner means to you. If keeping you happy means keeping The Professor here in The Pitts... I'll do anything for you."

"Oh, Brian..." Michael felt his eyes tearing up.

"Hey... hey..." Brian sat up to hug Michael close to his chest. "... it was really not that bad, a small sacrifice." He pulled away, reaching up to swipe under Michael's dark lashes. "But he got deep, in some places... and I got scared. I discovered what this paper would really say about me... and I chickened out. I told him not to question me anymore. I guess... he was able to work around that." He looked at the scribbled note in his hand.

Michael wiped under his eyes with his shirt sleeves. "We have to talk to him. See what's actually happening. I don't..." He reached out to cup Brian's cheek. "Looking at that journal... I can't imagine what the paper's gonna read like." He let his thumb play over Brian's lips. "I can't believe Ben would disregard my feelings and just... burst into your private life. A private life I'm a part of, in some small ways."

"His thesis must be due pretty soon. What I don't like is the comment about you. How do they think you would disprove any kind of theory Ben conjured up? I'm not fully understanding what I was told earlier by Ben. If I agreed to it in the beginning, he never said you'd be brought in. I wouldn't have put you on the spot like that. You know that, right?" Brian reached up to cup Michael under the neck, gently shaking him.

"Yes, I do. But... I really could care less about me. I'm more worried about how you're coming across. You think Ben got to the men you've had sex with?"

Brian nodded his head. "Possible. I have noticed a few eyes looking at me quite joyously in Babylon. Like the cat-who-ate-the-canary type grins."

"Jesus..." Michael closed his eyes in sorrow. "I can't imagine what made Ben want to do something like this to you... through me."

Brian placed his hand on Michael's chest. "He's still Ben, Michael. He got pushed into a corner. I'd have reacted the same, though I would have been more eloquent with telling that school board they could kiss my white-bred, faggoty, non-degree havin' ass."

"What do we do now?"

~~TBC...