When I got to the one and only sex club in my city I was wearing just black jeans, boots and a black tee. No underwear. I was hoping to get some action for my cock, but the place was pretty quiet, not much talent at all.
Thought I'd try the orgy room, and moved inside thinking it was unoccupied but realised as I moved slowly around the wall that someone was squatting down against the wall, almost hidden in the dim light.
I unzipped and dropped out my half-hard cock and he took it in his mouth and starting to lick and suck. I let the guy work on me for a while, then I felt a beefy body move up beside us in the dimness. I slid my hand to the other man's crotch and felt his thick weapon.
Turning my head to him I whispered "Feed him your cock" and pulled back from the cock-sucker's mouth so the other guy could slide his big tool into it. As he rode the hungry mouth I put my arm around his shoulder and we started tongue-kissing.
Soon he whispered to me "Let's fuck him" and I bent down and told the cock- sucker we wanted to fuck his arse. He asked if we could do it in a cubicle, so we hauled him to his feet and quickly moved into the nearest room and shut the door. Our fuck was a good looking slim guy about twenty five years old.
We all stripped and I got him on his hands and knees and slid my cock into his mouth while the beefy guy slipped on a condom, lubed it and edged his big weapon into the guy's arse. Damn he was willing! He really wanted to be used and we were going to make sure he was well and truly used.
As we shared the fuck-boy's hungry holes I leaned forward and put my arm on the other man's shoulder and we started kissing and swapping spit. I love sharing a hungry bottom with another top, and was getting mighty turned on.
After a while, beefy guy pulled out and said "Your turn to fuck that tight hole," so I flipped the young guy onto his back and raised his legs onto my shoulders, whipped on a condom and sank my cock into his willing hole.
I leaned forward and filled his mouth with my saliva, and told him to swallow my spit, which he did, then our boy moaned "I love being fucked by married guys."
Maybe he thought we were married guys, maybe not, but I told him "I'd like to get a couple of my straight mates around to take turns fucking your sweet hole, mate."
Just thinking of having him for a gang-bang sent me into a frenzy, I rammed him till I shot my load inside him and pulled out to let the beefy guy have his turn again.
Beefy guy had a bigger dick than me, though I'm average, and he gripped our fuck-boy by the hips and pounded into him like an animal. Soon he was firing his load into the condom and the young guy was beating his own nice piece of meat.
I leaned over and slobbered some spit into the young guy's mouth and said I wanted to see him cum and reminded him I'd like to share him with some of my mates. That sent him off the deep end and he shot several big globs of spunk over his chest.
I kissed him gently, and then leaned across and kissed the beefy guy. Our fuck-boy told us he was really glad he had met us tonight. He said his name was Jason, and asked me if I really meant it when I said I would share him with a couple of my mates.
I told him I wasn't kidding, "Jase, you're gonna give me your phone number when we get to the locker-room and I'll be calling to let you know what night you're gonna get rooted at my place."
We got cleaned up and headed to the locker-room. Beefy guy didn't seem interested in follow-up, but I wanted to have more of this boy's hungry mouth and arse, so I made sure to put his number in my phone with the name "Jason f-boy" - you know what the 'f' stands for.
I texted him to make sure I had the number right, and told him to add my number to his address list under the name "Master Denis".
As we left he told me he had never before been used by two men at once but it had long been a fantasy. I told him his fantasy would get even better in the next week or two, and that when I set things up I'd text him my address.
During the week I carefully broached the subject with one of my friends whom I had known for years. Aaron was a good family provider but once had told me his wife wasn't keen on much sex nowadays but that he would never cheat on her with another woman.
So I told Aaron that I had recently fucked a good-looking young guy. "Mate, he wants to be screwed by a married man," I said, and added that I could host a session at my place if Aaron wanted to give it a go.
Aaron thought for a bit then said he was game to try it, so we agreed we'd get together the next Friday night; Aaron would tell his wife he was going out for a drink with me, and she'd be cool with that.
Later I texted Jason and gave him the details he needed to know. Friday night round five-thirty Jason arrived in tight jeans and a black jacket over a white tee, looking hot. Aaron had arrived a bit earlier by cab and had a shower in my bathroom, then we'd had a beer together.
I introduced them, telling Jason that Aaron was married but wasn't getting enough pussy. I said, "Maybe you could help him out with that, hey Jase?" and Jason sank to his knees and looked up at Aaron expectantly.
Aaron unzipped his jeans, pulled down his briefs and showed Jason his meat. Jason immediately slid his mouth over Aaron's half-hard cock and began licking and sucking him till Aaron was rock hard and was thrusting deep into Jason's throat.
I interrupted to suggest Jason should strip off his clothes and he then resumed sucking Aaron who was loving it. Then I produced a condom and some lube and told Aaron that it was "Time to plug that power-tool into some hungry arse, mate, it'll be tighter than your woman's pussy."
Aaron slipped the condom over his cock, and Jason knelt on all fours and began to suck my stiff cock as Aaron entered his rear end. "Fuck, that's so fuckin' tight" Aaron exclaimed and began rhythmically pumping Jason's butt-hole.
I was loving the feel of Jason's mouth on my cock, and was encouraging Aaron to "Fuck him hard mate, he really wants it, don't you Jase?"
Our fuck-boy lifted his head off my cock just long enough to tell Aaron he wanted to be Aaron's bitch, and Aaron began muttering dirty sex talk as he thrust into Jason, telling him "I'm gonna fuck you so hard you won't be able to walk for a week."
Eventually Aaron came hard, grunting like a rutting boar, and after a minute or so he pulled out and walked to the bathroom, dumping the condom in the small rubbish bin I kept there.
While Aaron had a piss in the bathroom, Jase asked me if I was HIV-negative, and I told him I was negative, that I was tested regularly, and that I hadn't screwed bareback for years. He whispered to me, "I've never been bare-backed but I think about it a lot, I just started on PreP, so would you do me without a condom?"
By the time Aaron returned to lie down on the bed and relax, I was balls-deep inside Jase, my arms locked around his back, thrusting into his hungry hole as I swapped spit with him.
He began jerking off wildly and I told him "I'm gonna feed your spunk back to you after you cum, baby." Soon enough he shot a big load of cum onto our chests. I scooped up some with my finger and fed it into his mouth, and he licked and sucked my finger clean.
Then I started pounding into him in earnest, telling him, "Want to fill you with my cum-load babe" and then I shot my spunk deep inside him. I leaned forward and we kissed slowly, exploring each other's mouths for a few minutes. Kissing Jase was just so good.
We eventually moved to freshen up in the bathroom, and while Jase was showering I quietly asked Aaron if he thought he could manage some more fun with our boy tonight. He grinned and said it might take a half-hour or so to be ready again.
So I told both men I would order in some food for us . We slipped on our shorts and had a beer each while we waited. Aaron confessed to Jason that he'd never done anything with a bloke before because he was only into women, then added, "But man, you give better head than I've ever had and your arse is tighter than any pussy."
Jase was rapt and told Aaron "I'm hoping you'll fuck me again tonight." Aaron told him he was on a promise.
The food arrived after just 15 minutes. We ate our fill and had another drink, then Jason spoke up, telling Aaron he really wanted to lick the big tattoo Aaron had on his chest.
Aaron said ok, and Jason went to work lapping his tongue over Aaron's chest and eventually he began to suck on one of Aaron's nipples. Aaron let out a gasp - he had apparently not experienced this before. He moaned with pleasure as Jason worshipped his nipples, but eventually shoved the younger man's head down to his crotch. Jase slid Aaron's shorts down and began licking Aaron's big cock, telling him it tasted "So fucking good".
Before long a once-again naked Jason was on his hands and knees deep-throating me as Aaron rode Jase's tight fuck-hole. "Jesus mate," Aaron told me, "can we make this a regular thing, I want to fuck this tight arse again soon."
Jason was moaning loudly with pleasure as we continued to spit-roast the young spunk, both of us interspersing grunts and moans with lurid sex-talk. Jase took his mouth off my cock to get a breath and begged Aaron, "Fill my hole, please stud." Aaron went into top gear, driving his cock into Jase over and over till he shot his load into the condom and slowly pulled out.
I was already close by this time, excited by seeing my straight mate fucking like a wild animal, and I once again flipped Jase onto his back so I could kiss him while I pounded his hot arse, bareback. Jase beat his meat frantically, coming hard and pushing me past the point of no return. Damn, this guy was a hot fuck.
Afterwards, we showered and Aaron called a cab to go home. But he told Jase that he meant it when he said he wanted him again soon. Jase responded, "And I really want you to have me again." I told them we would set up another session before long.
After Aaron had left I asked Jason if he would like to stay or not and he told me he would like to stay with me all night. We cuddled up on the couch and began gently tongue-kissing.
He paused for breath and said he understood that Aaron couldn't risk doing bareback as he was married but admitted, "I loved it when you emptied your nuts inside me, I really want to have you bareback me regularly, if you'd like that."
"Jase," I said, "you're my first bareback fuck in many years, and I loved it. I'm hot to get it on with you on a regular basis, you're a helluva kisser and that drives me wild. We just have to be honest with each other, and get tested regularly."
The next day I started thinking of another straight mate who just might be interested. He went to the same gym as me and we'd got friendly over a period of months as our gym times frequently overlapped. He knew I was gay and we had fooled around once at my place, with him unloading a volley of spunk in my mouth. I loved it but it seemed like it would be a once-only.
So a few days later when I saw Eric at the gym I asked him if he'd have a coffee with me after our workouts. We sat outside in the sunshine with our coffees, and I told him I had a young mate in his twenties who was insatiable in bed.
"Man, I've had great sex with him a couple of times but he especially loves being screwed by a straight guy. You interested in giving the guy a good fucking at my place sometime?"
Eric was divorced and I don't know how much sex he had been getting, but he said he might be interested as long as no-one tried kissing him or playing with his arse. I reassured him that Jase understood that a straight guy wouldn't want to kiss, adding "Mate, he gets enough kissing practice when I fuck him."
So we set it up, much the same as we had done with Aaron. Beer, sex, food, more sex. Eric didn't do the dirty sex-talk stuff but he rode our boy like a bull and afterwards told Jase, "Man, that was the best root I've had for years."
Eric then told us he wouldn't mind a repeat show sometime. After Eric left, Jase stayed the night with me again, my arm around him holding him close and whispering sexy talk into his ear till we nodded off.
So it was inevitable that a day or two later I would call both Aaron and Eric with a proposal. I told each man that he was one of just two straight friends who had screwed young Jase recently and that Jase was keen to be gang-banged by both of them. Both guys agreed to give it a try and we set it up for the following Friday night.
On Friday at my house I introduced my two straight mates to each other, and we had a shot of scotch to start off the night. Then I told Jase to strip naked and get on his knees.
I slipped my cock out of my pants and fed his mouth for a minute then said "Maybe you should offer your mouth to the other guys."
Eric moved in quickly and fed his tool down Jase's throat for a while before Aaron stepped up and said he wanted some of that hungry mouth too.
Aaron worked Jase's throat for several minutes and then told him to get on all fours. Aaron put on a condom and edged his cock into Jase while the young cum- slut sucked greedily on Eric's stiff rod.
Aaron banged Jason for a good few minutes before coming inside him and then Eric moved into position, fitted a condom and mounted our boy. I offered Jase my cock and he sucked me while Eric rammed into him and eventually came with a loud grunt.
Afterwards both guys decided to head to their respective homes and Jason and I were left together. I asked him how he was feeling and he said it was fantastic to be screwed by my straight mates, and he hoped he could have another session with them soon.
I promised him I'd try to make that happen, then took him to bed, locked my mouth to his, and as he begged me for it I filled him with my seed.