Prologue

Burbank, California
October 18, 1981

It was a quiet, warm night. Dried leaves whispered along the side of the street, and an old newspaper fluttered at the entrance of an alley. There was a strange, electrical quality to the air, as though a storm was brewing, but the sky was clear, the stars vaguely visible above the glow of the street lamps. Everyone, well, almost everyone, was in bed, so the streets were quiet, save for the slithering, hissing sounds of things that are born of the dark. It was not a pretty place, but it was somewhere for many good people to call home, no matter how imperfect it was.

The light a few feet from the alley flickered, as though it could sense what was to come, and was nervous. It didn't go out though, not that it would have made a difference; the light didn't reach much farther than a foot into the alley before it tapered off and was defeated by the darkness. The alley itself was choked with weeds, newspapers, and garbage; all the stuff that civilization didn't want that the wind carried into stray corners, hidden away so as not to offend anyone. Every so often though, a cleaning crew, usually people doing community service for petty crimes, would come through and clean it up, try to make it somewhat more inviting. Not that it made much difference: it wasn't an alley that anyone ever went into if they could help it.

At the rear of the alley, in the pitch black, unseen and unheard by anything save spiders and decrepit rats, a baby began to cry. It was a heartbreaking, lonely, hungry sound, rising from under a crumpled pile of newspapers that started to shiver and shake as the baby began to move. Finally, after a struggle that threatened to dislodge the newspapers, a tiny hand emerged, followed by a head with eyes still squeezed shut. Slowly, the whole body emerged to reveal a baby boy, crying for warmth and food, alone in a dirty, dark alley.

If someone were to look closely though, they would see that he wasn't a normal baby. As his eyes blinked open, slit pupils were revealed, and, instead of soft, miniscule fingernails, he had sharp claws at the ends of his tiny fingers.

As he lay there in the alley, the strange baby boy's cries grew more insistent, more desperate when no on responded. His mouth opened in a heart wrenching wail that died into a pitiful mewl. A stray cat passing by paused at the entrance of the alley, its fur raising in alarm, sensing something kin, yet worlds unfamiliar in the noise. There was something cat-like down there, but it was darker, unknown. The cat hurried on. Back in the alley the baby paused in his crying for a moment, almost seeming to hold his breath in the hopes that whatever was at the entrance would discover him. But the moment passed, and he was left alone again. His cries continued, growing quieter, more hopeless as the hours went by. The rats, who had skittered away in fright when the baby first emerged, began to creep out again, curious, hoping for a meal. They crept close, beady eyes shifting, bodies tense and ready to run at any moment. The now silent baby went still, sensing the rodents drawing nearer, knowing instinctively the possibility of food. When one rat, braver than the rest, or perhaps just hungrier, brushed against his hand he grabbed. It was a lightning quick move, impossible for a human baby, and the rat squeaked its own death toll. Moments later the alley was silent again, the rodents having learned their lesson, and the baby satisfied for now. As the dark lightened into day, and shadows became more distinct, the world seemed to breathe a sigh of anticipation: the newest Felino Diavolo had been born.