She stepped into the apartment and for the millionth time that day she wished he were here. She slipped off her heels and pushed the button on the answering machine as she walked towards their bedroom. The sound of his voice on the machine stopped her in her tracks. He missed her so much, he said. He had just wanted to hear her voice. He thought he might be able to come home early. He asked her to think good thoughts, laughed and he was gone. She wished now that she hadn't gone out for dinner with the girls. She would have been home for his call.
She reached the bedroom and undressed quickly, Black leather skirt, red silk blouse, black lace and satin bra and panties and black stockings lay in a pile on the floor as she crawled into bed.
She laid on her back, naked and thought about him, about his touch, his feel. She massaged her breasts wishing it were his hands. She gently pulled at her nipples imagining it was him making them so hard, so erect. Her fingers trailed down her chest, her stomach till they reached the center of her womanhood. She thought about his hands, his mouth, his manhood and felt the dampness grow within her.
She closed her eyes and willed him into the room. She thought she could smell his musky scent and when she opened her eyes again he was looking down at her from the side of the bed. He was standing there in only his jeans and she stared at him, always amazed at how just looking at him could stir her the way it did. He offered his hands to her and helped her to sit up on the edge of the bed.
She reached out and ran her hands across his chest. She loved to touch him. Her fingers ran through the hair on his chest and drifted down his stomach. Her hand touched his manhood and she caressed it through his jeans, looking up into his face to see the reaction she would get. His eyes were closed and she heard him moan quietly. She undid the button on his jeans. Slowly she unzipped them, knowledgeable that here was nothing underneath them but him. She kissed his stomach and felt him shiver. She slid his jeans down over his hips releasing his hardening cock and pushed them on to the floor. She caressed him and stroked him. His hands rested on her shoulders his fingers digging into her flesh. When he was fully erect, she moved her mouth towards him and flicked her tongue on the head. He moaned loudly and dug his fingers harder into her shoulders. She slowly parted her lips and caressed the head, once again flicking her tongue, slowly sucking it into her mouth.
He moaned out her name as his hands moved to tangle in her hair. He wanted it all to be in her hungry mouth so badly. He began to push his hips towards her and she opened her mouth and took his length in. She sucked gently at first, her hand slowly massaging his balls. She was driving him wild and she knew it and she began to suck harder, faster, her tongue pressing against the underside of his member. She began to taste his pre-cum on her tongue and she slowly slid her mouth off his cock. She looked up into his eyes and gave him her "fuck me" smile.
He leaned forward to kiss her but she laughed softly and leaned back on her elbows using her feet to push further up on the bed. He came towards her and put one knee between her legs pushing them apart. She lay back on the bed and wrapped her arms around his neck pulling his face towards hers.
She loved the way they kissed. It was as if their mouths had been created to fit each other's. The kiss was gentle at first, lips barely touching. Then her tongue darted out and licked his lips. His quickly came out and touched hers and soon they were exploring each other's mouths; the gentleness replaced by hunger, passion, lust. He captured her tongue and slowly sucked it into his mouth. He felt her back arch and her arms tighten around his neck. He released her mouth and removed her arms from around his neck. Holding her by the wrists with one hand he pushed her arms up above her head and moved his mouth down to kiss her breasts.
He sucked one nipple then the other, moving his head back and forth. He knew the effect this was having on her. She was squirming and moaning and begging him to stop and not to stop. He sucked one nipple into his mouth pulling on it with his lips. When he released it he gently nibbled it with his teeth and felt her gasp almost as much as he heard it. Then he lowered his mouth on the other and treated it as he did the first. For several minutes his mouth went back and forth licking, sucking, biting. She was squirming wildly now and he could feel the wetness building as she pushed herself against the knee he had planted between her legs. She had the most sensitive nipples of any women he had ever known and as she arched her back and moaned out his name, he was not surprised that she had cum.
Feeling and seeing her pleasure made him want to be in her so badly. He reached between her legs and felt the wetness that had escaped her. Slowly he inserted two fingers deep into her and listened for the moan that he knew from experience would escape her lips. He slid his fingers out and, looking into her face he licked one and sucked it into his mouth. He loved the taste of her. Then he placed the other finger on her mouth and rubbed her juices on her lips. Her tongue slowly licked her lips and then she sucked his finger into her mouth. He loved to feed her her own juices, loved how she enjoyed the taste of herself. Moving his hand between her legs he slid the same two fingers in again preparing to give her another taste.
She couldn't wait any longer and she begged him to take her. She spread her legs wider and he knelt between them. He held his cock in his hand and slowly slid the head in rubbing it up and down bathing it in her juices. She reached out and grabbed his hips trying to pull him in deeper but he smiled down at her and resisted. He found her joy spot and made little circles on it with the head. She was moaning loudly now, begging him to fuck her but he just pressed against her clit and ignored her pleading. He knew she was enjoying it and so was he. He loved to feel the head of his cock pressing against her clit but he also knew he wouldn't be able to resist much longer. His cock wanted, needed to be in her heat, her wetness; it wanted to be "home".
He entered her slowly at first then increased his pace till he was entering her hard and strong and withdrawing slowly. She raised her hips and pushed towards him each time he entered her. They were in perfect rhythm even as he increased the pace and started to thrust into her, as hard and deep as he could.
But he wanted more. He reached down and placed her legs over his shoulders. He held on to her hips and thrust harder. She screamed with pleasure and he pressed into her faster, deeper. He felt her pussy tighten around his cock and her body tense up as the orgasm possessed her. When he felt her relax he released his cum into her, felt it filling her. Her loud gasp told him she felt it too.
Her legs slid off his shoulders and he collapsed on top of her, satiated and spent and she held him. She loved this time with him when she could feel his weight on her, his breath on her neck. She caressed his head running her fingers through his hair and massaged his neck, his back. He whispered how much he wanted her, needed her and she echoed his words and planted little kisses on his cheek, his neck, his shoulder. She wanted him to ........the ringing of the phone woke her with a start. She picked it up and sleepily said hello; it was him. He told her the trip was going well and asked her if she had been sleeping before he called. She laughed softly and said he would never believe the dream she just had, then she began to tell him.