Keywords: Ff, cons, interr
Part: Chapter 34
Author: Miranda Mars
Title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance




          And who was sitting outside the door to Laura's apartment when 
    she arrived home after an exhausting and thrilling night of fucking 
    with Sandra Robinson?  Chanitra.  

          "God, I thought you'd never get here," she said, getting to 
    her feet.  "You look like you were out all night, screwing a football 
    team or something."

          Then a flash of realization hit Chanitra.  Her friendly face 
    suddenly grew long, her eyes stricken with unpleasant truths.  Tears 
    even came quickly to her eyes.

          "Oh shit," she said, softly.

          Then she started crying for real.  Laura felt terrible.  
    Quickly, she opened the door and drew Chanitra inside.  She locked 
    the door.  She couldn't stop herself from holding the girl, kissing 
    the tears from her cheeks.  Then their mouths met, and they were 
    devouring each other with thirsty, urgent passion.

          But when they stopped kissing, Chanitra continued crying 
    softly.  "I know you go to bed with other . . . people," she sobbed.  
    "Even Yvette."

          "I haven't seen your sister since you and I . . ."

          "You know what I mean," Chanitra said.  "It just makes me so 
    jealous.  I don't want anyone else having you, just me."

          "I know.  I know, baby," Laura murmured, kissing her again.

          She couldn't believe how aroused she was, especially after 
    what she had gone through with Sandra, coming about fifteen times, 
    raped again on the verge of leaving Sandra's hotel room.  How could 
    she be so horny again, so soon?  But having Chanitra's young body 
    pressed against hers aroused her fiercely.

          And all Chanitra obviously wanted was to drown her adolescent 
    jealousies in a hot orgy of frenzied fucking with Laura.  She 
    already had Laura's blouse half-unbuttoned, and her hands were 
    darting underneath and behind, looking for Laura's bra clasp.  
    Panting and hot, Laura pulled back a little.

          "Chanitra, slow down, please," she panted.

          "Don't want to slow down."

          Raped twice in the same day, Laura thought.  But the girl's 
    phenomenal, hard young body made her feel the same way.  She pulled 
    Chanitra's shirt up over her head and they kissed and unclasped each 
    other's bra at the same time.  Now their kiss suddenly turned 
    romantic and lanquid, full of exquisite tenderness and feeling, 
    unlike any of her kisses with Yvette or with Sandra.

          Am I feeling this way because she's a teenager? Laura 
    wondered.  So young, and fresh?  Her body so hard and vibrant and 
    smooth?  She only knew that they were feeling the same thing, 
    something she hadn't felt since making love to Rina, poor dead Rina.  
    Chanitra inspired the same kind of tenderness in her.

          They stepped away from one another to let their loose bras 
    fall to the floor.  Then they moved back into a hot embrace, pushing 
    their naked breasts together and exulting in the exciting 
    sensations.

          "God, I just dream of fucking with you," Chanitra whispered in 
    Laura's ear.

          Laura couldn't keep her hands and mouth from the girl's 
    fantastic, young, hard breasts.  She squeezed them and dropped her 
    head, sucking one large black nipple quickly between her lips, 
    bringing soft yelps of pleasure from Chanitra's throat.

          "Ohnnn!  Anngghh!" Chanitra moaned.

          "Oh Chanitra oh baby you're so beautiful," Laura purred, 
    sucking the girl's other breast the same way, pulling half of the 
    hard round ball into her mouth, driving Chanitra crazy with 
    pleasure.

          "Take me to bed," Chanitra whispered hoarsely, tugging Laura 
    toward the bedroom.  "I want you to . . . do me, please, quick."

          They both half-ran, half-lurched down the hall to Laura's 
    bedroom.  Chanitra was undressing on the way, and nearly stumbled 
    and fell trying to get her bluejeans off.  Now she was nearly naked, 
    down to her panties.  She quickly helped Laura undress and pulled 
    her down on the bed.  Laura's mouth again found the girl's 
    incredible bulbous nipples while she skimmed Chanitra's panties down 
    her legs, exposing the most fantastic ass in creation. 

          "Fuck me fuck me Laura fuck me," Chanitra panted, writhing and 
    mewling with lust under Laura's mouth and hands.

          Laura had not seen her so aroused even when they were doing it 
    for the first time, in Yvette's bed.  Chanitra was wild with lust, 
    her delicious naked body arching and quivering, flexing, sleek and 
    sinuous as she begged Laura to fuck her, over and over.  And Laura 
    did not hesitate.

          Sliding between the girl's silken, glimmering black thighs, 
    she got her mouth on Chanitra's flowing pussy and brought the 
    beautiful teenager to three shattering orgasms in under two minutes.  
    Chanitra's lovely face was torn with rapture, her muscles clenching 
    as fierce spasms of pleasure shook her, her firm breasts jiggling, 
    her thighs flexing, her taut stomach quivering.  The spectacle of 
    Chanitra coming was nearly enough to send Laura over the edge again.

          "Oh god . . . oh god you make me come so hard," Chanitra 
    panted as she began to descend from the peak of ecstacy.

          Laura held her and kissed her.  "You nearly make me come just 
    watching you," she murmured.

          "Oh . . . you will, you will," Chanitra murmured back.

          She began making love to Laura, there was no other word for 
    it, and in about a minute Laura too was keening and thrashing 
    through yet another orgasm, a fierce, total cataclysm of coming that 
    apparently all her previous climaxes with Sandra were leading up to.

          God, I didn't know I could even come one time more, she 
    thought, as her body began to recover from the intense, exquisite 
    spasms brought on by Chanitra's hungry mouth on her pussy.

          Still, it was really the last one she could summon from her 
    exhausted body.  She spent the rest of the afternoon in bed with 
    Chanitra, bringing the girl to many more rapturous orgasms, but it 
    was the last one she had herself.  She tried to avoid explaining in 
    detail to Chanitra why she was so tired, but the girl figured it 
    out.  Still, Laura gave her such extreme sexual pleasure that she 
    didn't complain about not being able to return the favor.

          "Just remember," she said cutely as she left, giving Laura her 
    darling squint.  "I owe you about ten climaxes.  Next time I'm going 
    to make you come ten times before I even let you touch me."

          "God, I can hardly wait," Laura laughed, meaning every word.

          She slept twelve hours, then awoke refreshed and hornier than 
    ever.  How can this happen? she wondered.  I came more yesterday 
    than I ever have before.  How can I be horny?  Maybe I should see a 
    doctor.  And yet her sexual desire was a vague, unfocused sort of 
    yearning.  She didn't want any person in particular.  It was a 
    Sunday, and she was dressed in shorts and the same cutoff sweatshirt 
    that had been so fetching on Yvette the night Laura had first tried 
    to fuck her.

          In the mid-afternoon her doorbell rang.  It was Yvette.  One 
    glimpse of her cold, glaring face was enough to let Laura know that 
    she had discovered the goings on with Chanitra.

          "My own baby sister," she said, her eyes filled with fire and 
    hurt and reproach.

          "Please come in," Laura asked, softly.

          Scowling and hostile, she came inside.  Laura shut the door 
    behind her.  Yvette's eyes swept up and down Laura.

          "Did you seduce her?  I see your wearing the same thing you 
    used to seduce me.  You just couldn't keep your hands off her, could 
    you?  Such a hot-blooded lesbian you couldn't stop yourself?  She 
    look too good?  So young and pretty?  You fucked her in my own bed?  
    God . . . Laura.  I still can't believe it!"

          "Yvette . . ."

          "Don't make excuses."

          "I'm not."

          "Don't try to tell me she seduced you."

          Even though it was partly true, Laura didn't say anything.

          "Can I ask how you found out?"

          Yvette's eyes flashed with spite, and an aching sense of 
    loss.  "She told me you were finished with me and only wanted her 
    now."

          Instinctively, Laura lifted one hand to caress Yvette's 
    marvelous smooth cheek.  Yvette slapped it away. 

          "It's not true," Laura whispered.

          Now the tears began streaming down Yvette's cheeks, silent 
    tears, huge and copious.

          "Oh Yvette . . ."

          "Don't you touch me!"  Yvette jumped back, out of reach.

          Laura didn't know what to do.  She felt terribly guilty and 
    ashamed, almost as if she had seduced Chanitra, and betrayed 
    Yvette.  On top of that, she felt suddenly a fierce pang of lust 
    for Yvette, whose long, delicious, dark black body she recalled 
    with sharp, exquisite need.  And her lust was most inappropriate now 
    that Yvette was shaking and crying and accusing her of . . . what, 
    child abuse?

          "Yvette . . . please.  Sit down."

          Yvette's eyes were clouded with tears.  "How could you do 
    this to me?"

          "Do you want me to tell you how it happened?"

          "No!  God . . . I couldn't stand it.  Just the thought of you 
    . . . fucking her makes me want to kill you.  And her."

          They just stood inside the door to Laura's apartment, staring 
    at one another for a long time while Yvette cried.  Finally, 
    Yvette whispered, plaintively.

          "I loved you."

          Laura yearned for her, and leaned toward her.  But Yvette 
    pulled back.  She wiped away her tears with the back of her hand.

          "But I don't ever want to see you again," she said, glowering 
    again at Laura.

          "Are you sure?" Laura asked softly.  She extended one arm and 
    placed her hand on Yvette's shoulder.  She could remember the 
    feeling of their naked bodies entwined, their clits pressed 
    together, the excruciating raptures they had shared.

          With a bleak smile, Yvette nodded.  "I'm sure," she 
    whispered.  "I . . . have a husband, and a little girl.  I'm not a 
    lesbian.  You can turn Chanitra into one, but not me."

          Laura's hand moved behind Yvette's neck, drawing her closer.  
    This time Yvette didn't pull away.

          "One last kiss?" Laura asked.  "For old time's sake?"

          Again Yvette's eyes clouded up, and her full lower lip 
    quivered.  She shook her head.  

          "No.  It'll just make me want to do it with you again."

          She opened the door herself and was out in the hallway before 
    Laura could stop her again.

          "Bye, Laura."

          "I won't let it be goodbye, Yvette," Laura said, but she 
    didn't know if Yvette heard her as she walked toward the elevator.





          And so, when Karen phoned that afternoon, Laura was in a 
    perfect mood to see her.  This time it was Karen who was suffering 
    and wanted to drown her sorrow in Laura's arms.  Karen had been 
    seeing a man who had a sister, and the sister and Karen had become 
    very attracted to each other.  They had let nature take it course 
    and were naked in bed, just about to consummate their lust for each 
    other, when the brother walked in.

          "You can't believe it," Karen said, bleakly.  "We were so 
    close.  I had my hand in her pussy.  And she's so beautiful.  You'd 
    love her."

          "Why didn't you just ask him to join you?" Laura asked.

          "I actually would have, but both of them were so angry and 
    guilty that the only thing I could do was leave.  She called later 
    and said she could never see me again.  She wasn't a lesbian.  You 
    know, the whole thing."

          "Oh baby.  I'm so sorry.  I know how you feel."

          Without speaking, Karen began unbuttoning her blouse, giving 
    Laura alluring glances.    

          "What about the guy?" Laura asked, looking at the smooth, 
    chocolate skin come into view, and at the lacy cups of Karen's bra.

          "He was okay," Karen said.  "But I was getting tired of him.  
    Frankly, I get tired of being hammered with dick after a while, know 
    what I mean?  I want some sweet, sweet pussy for myself."  She 
    winked.

          Laura smiled as the last button came undone.  She could feel 
    her pulse accelerate as Karen slipped it off.

          "Then I got to thinking," Karen murmured.  "How long has it 
    been since you . . . saw these, for instance?"

          Her bra unclasped in the front, between the two large cups.  
    She unfastened it slowly, enjoying the suspense.  Then she peeled 
    the cups back, exposing her magnificent round breasts.  To Laura 
    they seemed even more beautiful than they did the first time she saw 
    them.

          Karen's breasts were large but perfectly formed, jutting and 
    firm, with swollen, glimmering black nipples.  Laura could feel her 
    blood pounding as she looked at them.  She had sucked and licked and 
    kissed and even bitten them many times, bringing Karen to fierce 
    explosions of coming.  And yet, she never had enough.  And neither, 
    apparently, did Karen.

          "You haven't been letting anybody bite them, have you?" Laura 
    asked suggestively, smiling, her eyes swimming with hot sex, as 
    Karen's were too by now.

          Karen stood up and came over to Laura.  Her loose bra slipped 
    from her arms and fell to the floor.  Her firm breasts barely 
    jiggled as she walked, just enough to make Laura want to swallow 
    them.  

          Karen leaned over the easy chair where Laura sat, putting one 
    hand on each arm of the chair and swaying her perfect breasts in 
    Laura's face.

          "Tell me if you see any teeth marks," she teased softly.

          Karen's naked breasts were so close to her lips that her warm 
    breath was reflected back.  Karen leaned even closer, brushing 
    Laura's face with the smooth round globes.  The feel of Karen's 
    soft, bulbous nipples against her face was almost ecstacy itself to 
    Laura.  Her hands came up to capture the swaying balls of flesh.

          Toying with Karen, she playfully bared her teeth, rubbing one 
    bulbous nipple against them.  Several sharp, excited gasps escaped 
    from Karen's mouth.  Laura opened her teeth and let Karen's huge 
    nipple pop into her mouth.  She sucked it passionately.

          Karen looked down at her nipple inside Laura's mouth.  Laura 
    held her breast in both hands, squeezing it gently with her fingers 
    while she sucked.

          "Oh . . . ahh . . . unhhh!" Karen panted and gasped.  "You 
    know I don't let anybody hurt me but you," she panted.  

          "How do you come with them?" Laura asked, releasing the nipple 
    and licking it, stabbing it with her tongue.

          "I concentrate.  But I don't have to . . . ahhnnnn!  
    concentrate with you . . . unhhhh!  Oh!  Oh Laura!  Squeeze them 
    hard!  Harder!  God . . . nobody fucks me like you!"

          Laura was now treating Karen's other beautiful breast the same 
    way, sucking and squeezing it, squeezing it harder now that Karen 
    had asked for it.  The stuffed chair she was sitting in was big, and 
    Karen straddled Laura's thighs with her knees, pushing her naked 
    breasts into Laura's face.  While Laura sucked her nipples and 
    squeezed her breasts, Karen inched down the zipper of her jeans. 

          But to get them completely off, she had to stand for a moment.  
    Her eyes were glazed, her nipples wet with Laura's saliva, erect and 
    shiny.  She nearly smoked with hot sex as she stripped off her jeans 
    and panties, doing a quick striptease for Laura.

          Laura was as aroused as Karen.  She held up her arms, 
    beckoning the girl back, knowing that Karen was just seconds from a 
    fierce climax, that nothing could stop them.  With no other girl did 
    she have such crackling, scorching, violent sexual encounters.  Once 
    the two of them were swept up in it, as they were now, she knew that 
    nothing could stop them until they both obliterated their lust in 
    several fiery explosions.

          Again Karen climbed into the chair with her knees straddling 
    Laura's thighs.  She dangled her breasts in Laura's face, and Laura 
    began to make love to them again, rough love, aggressive, almost 
    brutal love, while Karen dropped one hand between her thighs and 
    began massaging her pussy. 
 
          "Do it hard honey do it hard I'm gonna come," she murmured to 
    Laura, wincing with ecstacy as Laura's hands and mouth on her 
    breasts grew rougher.  "Nobody does this to me but you.  I don't let 
    anybody but you.  Unhhh!  Unggg!  Oh god!  Hard!  Hard!  Bite honey 
    bite!  Please!"

          "Oh Karen!"

          "Ungghh!  Oh . . . Laura!  Unghgh!  Oh!"

          Laura's fingers bit into the firm round balls of Karen's 
    breasts, squeezing them brutally, while she nipped at the large, 
    bulging, wet nipple in her mouth with her teeth, teasing Karen, 
    making her whimper and tremble frantically.  Then, quickly, she 
    delivered, sharply biting Karen's nipple.  Next she released it from 
    her lips and shoved the other one in, biting it sharply too.

          Karen exploded with coming.

          "AUUNNGOWWNNGGNNGGIIEEEE!" she cried out, her body shuddering 
    in killing spasms of rapture.

          Laura dropped one hand to the girl's groin, gripping Karen's 
    own fingers, which were slippery with her flowing cunt juices.  She 
    had never felt the girl, any girl, so wet.

          "Ohhhh honey, I want to eat you, I want to suck your pussy," 
    she panted.

          Karen was still stunned by the force of her climax.  Quickly, 
    Laura switched places with her, laying Karen's pliant body back in 
    the chair, then dropping to her knees between Karen's splayed, 
    glossy black thighs.  The sleek inner part of Karen's thighs was wet 
    with cunt ooze, and Laura pushed her mouth directly up against the 
    swollen lips of Karen's beautiful pussy, raping the girl with her 
    lips and tongue.

          Karen moaned, her body stiffened, her pelvis began to churn 
    excitedly.  Laura knew she hadn't really come down yet from the 
    stunning orgasm she had just experienced.  Laura's hands slid back 
    up Karen's writhing body to her breasts, which she squeezed and 
    pinched while sucking and tonguing Karen's flooding pussy wildly.

          Her face was wet with pussy juices, and the tangy flavor on 
    her tongue sent her into more violent paroxysms of lust.  She 
    tongue-stabbed Karen, and sucked her clit, swallowing the flood of 
    juices, sucking more, harder, pinching Karen's large, thick nipples 
    sharply, until suddenly Karen's luscious body arched, quivered, and 
    she erupted again in a string of shattering orgasms.

          Her strangled cries of ecstacy were so loud that Laura was 
    afraid the neighbors would hear, but nothing could make either of 
    them hold back.  Karen had two violent orgasms in a row before 
    finally collapsing, panting, moaning back into the chair cushions.  
    Laura slid up her body, lying half on top of her, kissing her, still 
    fully clothed.

          "My god," Karen finally giggled, when she had regained her 
    breath, "I've already come three times and you're still dressed."

          Laura looked down at her clothes and giggled too.  "I guess 
    you were in a hurry," she said.

          "You also have pussy juice all over your face," Karen grinned.  
    "Mine."

          Laura licked her lips.  "I hope there's more where that came 
    from."

          "Gallons.  Gallons, for you.  What do you think about joining 
    me in the bedroom?"

          "I thought you'd never ask, you greedy bitch," Laura smiled.

          They went to Karen's bedroom, and Karen undressed Laura, 
    without letting Laura do a thing.

          "I haven't fucked you for months," she whispered.  "I haven't 
    had my hands on this incredible body for too long.  And honey, I'm 
    gonna fuck you hard.  You're gonna climb the walls."

          Laura found herself trembling involuntarily with sexual 
    excitement, partly from fucking Karen herself moments ago, and even 
    more from Karen's words and caresses.  She had had some wonderful 
    sex in the past weeks, with Yvette, with Chanitra, with Sandra, but 
    nothing could match the sheer intensity of her sex with Karen.  

          And as soon as Karen got Laura's clothes off, she was all over 
    her.  She pulled the covers off the bed and drew Laura down on the 
    crisp white sheets, swarming over Laura's supine body, sucking and 
    fucking Laura hard, as she had promised, and not slacking off until 
    she had made Laura come five explosive times.

          Gasping for breath, still tingling all over, her own pussy 
    juices smearing her inner thighs this time, Laura felt like she had 
    been hit by a truck.  She lay next to Karen, still stunned, eyes 
    glazed, unable to speak for several minutes.

          "We're going to put each other in the hospital if we keep this 
    up," she finally said, softly.

          "Then call the ambulance, honey," Karen murmured hotly in her 
    ear.  She leaned up over Laura, dangling her incredible breasts in 
    Laura's face once more.  "My nipples are throbbing for your teeth, 
    girl.  One nibble from you and I'll be coming again."

          "God, you're already wet again," Laura breathed, massaging 
    Karen's flowing pussy with one hand.

          "You don't think I'm lying, do you?" 

          They fucked for another hour, increasingly rough with each 
    other, as was usually the case.  By the time they rested, both were 
    getting sore.  Each girl had come between ten and fifteen times.

          "My nipples are hurting," Karen said, examining the puffy 
    buds.  "I can't believe it.  You and I used to fuck through the 
    night.  And my cunt aches, too."

          "I know," Laura said.  "Me too."

          They were reluctantly drifting toward calling it a night when 
    Karen's doorbell rang.  She went to the door in her bathrobe and 
    returned with Rick, and his brother Jamie.

          Suddenly, Laura could feel the atmosphere become electrified.  
    After all, Karen was dressed only in her bathrobe, and Laura was 
    under a sheet, completely naked too.  Any fool could see they had 
    been fucking heatedly for hours.  The bed was all rumpled and messy.
  
          "Look who's here," Karen said, coyly.

          Laura smiled.  "Hi," she said, feeling a hot gnawing of fear 
    mixed with excitement in the pit of her stomach.

          Rick made a mocking long face.  "Awww, you guys are having a 
    party and didn't invite us."

          As usual, Jamie was more awed by his understanding of what was 
    going on before he and his brother arrived.  He looked at the 
    rumpled sheets.

          "I . . . I didn't know," he began, but Rick shut him up.

          "Aren't you going to invite us to join you?" Rick asked.

          Karen smiled.  Laura could tell that she felt as newly 
    energized by the situation as she herself did.  They might be sore, 
    but the possibilities were enticing.  Both of them had been fucked 
    by Rick and Jamie, and the thought of all four of them together was 
    intriguing.

          "Think you feel up to it?" Karen teased. 

          Rick came over to her.  He kissed her aggressively, removing 
    her bathrobe at the same time.  Jamie's eyes were popping out of his 
    head.  Rick filled his hands with Karen's luscious naked breasts.  
    He dropping his mouth to them, and quickly had Karen moaning, and 
    Laura's pulse racing.

          Rick nodded to his brother, who came over to them, stripping 
    his shirt off as he walked.  Rick passed Karen to Jamie, who kept 
    kissing her mouth and squeezing her breasts while Rick quickly 
    undressed.  When Laura saw his huge jumping cock spring into view, 
    she felt the blood hammer more rapidly through her veins.  She had 
    almost forgotten how big it was.  And Jamie's, she knew, was even 
    bigger.

          She could see from the enraptured expression on Karen's face 
    that she was completley pliant for them, ready to take anythng they 
    had to give.  Rick quickly lay down on her back at the edge of the 
    bed, with his feet still on the floor.  Jamie guided Karen over to 
    him, and he slipped the huge fat pole of his cock up into her pussy 
    as she straddled his hips, danglng her delicious dark breasts in his 
    face.

          Laura scooted up to the head of the bed to give them room, 
    wildly aroused by watching them fuck.  

          "God . . . in the drawer," Karen gasped as Rick mauled her 
    thick black nipples with his mouth.  "There's . . . ahhh, oh!  
    There's baby oil."

          Now Jamie was naked too, his huge cock twitching and pulsing.  
    He went directly for the drawer, took out the small plastic bottle, 
    and quickly oiled his piston.  It all happened so fast that Laura 
    could hardly believe it.

          He stood behind Karen, kneading her luscious, round, black 
    buns with his hands, then slid the huge, gristly, oiled shaft 
    between them and up into her asshole.  Karen shut her eyes and 
    clenched her teeth.  She didn't even moan, but held her breath, 
    wincing sharply as the enormous stalk penetrated her.

          Now she was impaled on both cocks, and they began to fuck her 
    with long, slow strokes that quickly turned into hot, sharp jabs.  
    Karen moaned and whimpered as they began to pump her roughly, and 
    Rick's mouth tore at her bulging nipples.  Laura felt her whole body 
    pulse with wild sexual excitement, and awe at the same time, as she 
    watched the two men sandwich Karen's churning body between them and 
    fuck her hard in her pussy and ass.

          She herself had been fucked that way by these same two guys, 
    and the memory of it made her hotter still.  It was horrible and 
    fascinating at the same time.  Tears were pouring down Karen's face, 
    and yet she was clearly in a kind of demented rapture, being 
    brutally and devastatingly raped by Rick and Jamie, but on the edge 
    of a ferocious climax.  And she reached her first one as Laura 
    watched.

          Squealing uncontrollably, Karen erupted in a bomb burst of 
    coming, her sleek body shuddering as the spasms wrenched her.  Rick 
    and Jamie never missed a stroke, and when her orgasm subsided, and 
    her groans diminished, Laura heard Rick panting to her, and to his 
    brother.

          "You want it the new way, baby?" he panted to Karen, still 
    mauling her luscious, saliva-wet breasts with his mouth and fingers.  
    "Both in your pussy?  Both in your pussy?"

          Delirious with lust, Karen nodded, biting her lower lips as 
    both huge cocks still jabbed into her.

          "Put your cock in her pussy too, Jamie," Rick panted.  "Do it.  
    She wants it."

          Karen had described this to Laura, so she was not completely 
    shocked.  But she could still hardly believe her eyes as she saw 
    Jamie slide his massive, greased prick out of Karen's asshole, then 
    guide it down to her pussy, which was already crammed full of his 
    brother's equally huge cock.  How can they both fit in there? she 
    wondered, holding her fist to her mouth.

          But they could.  She heard Karen groan as Jamie used his 
    fingers to open her cuntlips further at the bottom.  But as soon as 
    he got the ballooning head of his stiff cock inside, he just pushed 
    it all the way into her.

          "Unngghhh!" she groaned, tears again streaming down her 
    cheeks.

          Her face was contorted in agony.  Laura couldn't believe her 
    eyes.  Karen's pussy was stretched to the limits, gorged with two 
    enormous stiff cocks, and she was mewling hysterically as both men 
    churned their hips, forcing both cocks further into her.  They 
    fucked her just as hard as before, only it seemed harder now, since 
    their huge, stiff cocks didn't slide easily in and out of her pussy, 
    and they had to force them up into the groaning, weeping girl.

          They had not come yet either, and so they grew even rougher 
    with her as they approached their own orgasms.  Now all three of 
    them were groaning, panting, grunting, straining.  It was the most 
    thrilling and scary thing Laura had ever witnessed, and it aroused 
    her to a wild pitch of lust too. 
 
          The two men ripped their huge cocks up into Karen's pussy, and 
    Karen began to come, wailing and squirming hysterically, pinned 
    between Rick and Jamie as they too reached their orgasms.  For the 
    next ten seconds Laura watched the evidence of excruciating pleasure 
    transfix their faces as they continued to writhe and strain through 
    the clenching fury of their shared climax.

          Their still-spouting cocks slipped out of her pussy, spewing 
    creamy dollops of cum all over her black belly and thighs.  The 
    sight of the pearly rivulets of cum excited Laura more than she 
    realized, and she knew that in addition to being shocked by the 
    perverted power of what she had witnessed, she was jealous of Karen 
    too.  

          The three of them lay spent and gasping on the bed, while two 
    feet away Laura was still seething with lust and frantic excitement.  
    She watched enviously as they disentangled their bodies and mopped 
    up the streaks of jism with towels Karen brought from the bathroom.

          Karen's eyes fell on Laura.  She smiled.

          "Are you feeling left out?" she said, coming over to Laura, 
    embracing her, beginning to make love to her, fondling Laura's 
    breasts and twisting her nipples, just hard enough to make Laura 
    relish the threat of more brutal passion.

          "Ohh!  Oucchh!" Laura gasped.

          "Don't you want me to fuck you while you're waiting for them?" 
    she whispered.  "Anyway, watching me fuck you will get them hot 
    again quick."

          Laura could hardly resist.  Karen knew how to ring every one 
    of her bells, knew even how to make her beg for it.  And being so 
    savagely fucked by Rick and Jamie had only stoked Karen's fires.  
    She swarmed all over the moaning Laura, sucking her nipples and 
    probing her wet, throbbing pussy, rubbing her own luscious body 
    against Laura's, bringing Laura quickly to a fever pitch of need. 

          Laura squirmed and whimpered, curiously both repelled and 
    aroused by being watched as she drew closer and closer to a 
    screaming climax.  By the time Karen slid down her body and began to 
    eat her pussy, she was beyond caring.  She was totally in the grip 
    of sexual mania, and the thought that the two guys would be 
    following Karen seemed to stimulate her even more.

          Karen's wild, ingenious tongue and lips on her clit had her 
    gagging and shuddering with ecstacy in about thirty seconds, and in 
    the middle of her shattering climax she realized that the boys were 
    hard again, and taking over.  Watching Karen fuck her had indeed 
    revived Rick and Jamie in record time, and Laura was still coming as 
    they manipulated her body into position, this time with Jamie on the 
    bottom.  Laura nearly swooned she felt his huge cock slide up into 
    her throbbing pussy.

          "Anngghhhh!" she groaned the next second, because Rick had 
    quickly oiled his freshly-rigid, enormous prick, and was inching it 
    into her screaming, pain-flaming rectum.

          Before she quite knew what was happening, her body was totally 
    engorged with stiff cock, her ass and pussy splitting from the huge 
    poles.  And both Rick and Jamie were fucking her hard, hammering 
    their massive stalks into her, sandwiching her between them and 
    brutally fuck-mauling her beautiful, writhing body.  Then Karen 
    joined them, and all four were tangled together in one writhing mass 
    of flesh on the bed. 

          Karen's hands and mouth eagerly found Laura's breasts and 
    assaulted the luscious globes with the same brutal frenzy, sucking 
    Laura's nipples so sharply that Laura's body fell into the 
    convulsions of an almost continuous orgasm.  The two men, who had 
    already climaxed less than ten minutes earlier, weren't so hair-
    trigger now, and they fucked Laura even more roughly than they had 
    raped Karen, ripping their stiff cocks up into her quivering body, 
    spearing her ass and pussy and making her cry out and moan sharply.

          In the middle of her third orgasm, she realized they were 
    going to do the same thing to her they had done to Karen.  She felt 
    Rick's large cock slide out of her bottom, then felt him jamming it 
    into her already-splitting pussy alongside his brother's hard prick.  
    The pain was killing as he forced the gigantic stalk into her 
    already-crammed cunt.  It hurt so bad she could not even get out a 
    cry.  Her breath was gone, and hot tears squirted from her eyes, 
    pouring down her cheeks as they began to squeeze and pummel her body 
    between them.

          The fit was so tight that they really couldn't move their 
    cocks in and out of her, and so they shimmied her roughly between 
    them until the rapid motion and pressure drove them all to a 
    crushing, excruciating climax.  Laura had been through some violent 
    sexual events before, but nothing matched the searing, explosive 
    fury of this volcanic moment.  Rivers of cum spurted into her from 
    the two jabbing pricks, and Karen nearly swallowed one of her 
    nipples as Laura's whole shuddering body erupted in a cataclysm of 
    intense coming.

          She didn't know how long it lasted.

          Finally, they were all groaning softly and prying their flesh 
    apart, too stunned by the experience to say anything.  Laura's pussy 
    still ached where they had stretched it to accomodate their massive 
    organs, but at the same time it throbbed and hummed with incredible 
    aftershocks of sexual pleasure.  Her nipples ached too, in the same 
    way.

          Even days afterward, she could hardly believe what she had 
    gone through.  And even though the physical experience was the most 
    intense she could imagine short of actually dying, she didn't know 
    if she ever wanted to go through it again.

