"Honey, I'm back", she yelled as soon as she closed the door behind her. Her heels were killing her already, walking back and forth for her appointments was excruciating - the spiked six-inch heels gave her the confidence she needed to go through all of them, even if they hurt like a bitch now. Ripping them off, she placed them on the shoe shelf; her bare feet taking great bliss in the cool temperature of the floor.
She walked inside, dropping her things in the first empty corner and proceeded to follow the smell she noticed as soon as she came in. It smelled like an Italian restaurant, delicious and oh so tempting. She couldn't wait to eat after the day she had. Alaska was happy that Levi took care of feeding her whenever he came around earlier than she did; he was a great cook and she appreciated it greatly.
Maybe I should give him a few extra licks today for his efforts, she thought smirking to herself. Strolling into the open-floored kitchen, she saw his broad-shouldered back, still wearing dress pants and a crisp blue shirt, stirring something on the stove. When he noticed her approaching, he turned around with a smile on his lips; "Hi, Ska. Hope you're hungry."
She smiled at him and hugged him from behind, her hands came to rest above his pants. "Mhm... missed this." she shared with him. Levi laid a hand on her arm, and replied, "I did too love."
"When is dinner ready?"
"I've just been waiting on you - we can eat now."
"Thank god, I'm way too hungry to wait another minute. Thank you for cooking, handsome", she went, taking care of plates, cutlery and the rest so they'd be set to eat. Been a while since she had chicken alfredo; cooked by Levi it always meant delicious things. She loved this cozy atmosphere between them, each having a turn at cooking and after... things took a delicious turn.
When both of them were seated, they dug into their plates with gusto chatting about their day. Alaska and Levi were a very touchy couple, despite eating at the dinner table, their feet were entangled under it and one of them always seemed to find a reason to touch the other. Small touches preparing them for the grand finale, each touch sending love and fire through them. This evening she found it hard to sit still, she needed someone to take the pain from her feet and this burning intensity inside her. Levi, always perceptive, noticed and asked her with a smirk on his lips, "Everything alright? You seem a bit,... preoccupied."
Closing her eyes once, clearly envisioning him naked, she stared at him, eyes burning with lust, her voice husky, "Everything will be fine as soon as you finish your plate...I have plans for you my dear."
Swallowing harder than necessary Levi's eyes blazed. He nodded at his partner and ate the last bites of his pasta in silence.. His body was humming with energy. As soon as he was done, he sat back in the chair - signaling he was ready for another set of instructions. Purring, she stroked her foot up the inside of his leg, first low, then higher and higher until she stopped between his legs.
"Thank you for dinner, it was very tasty. Now, I feel like I could use a glass of wine. I hope you're ready to play. I want you on the floor next to the couch, lose the shirt and hands on your ankles with your back bowed. Please get in position while I clean up." Having finished her command, she sadly retreated her foot from his crotch where it rested and got up to clean. Levi's heart started to accelerate, he loved when she took charge, which was most of the times they had sex. She just got his needs,.. she knew how to take care of them with the best results in both parties. He loved her for that, he loved her caring nature in general, her attentiveness and her sweetness - outside the bedroom they seemed like a typical couple, but inside of it; Alaska held the reigns and he couldn't be more proud of that fact. He was a big fan of getting his chain yanked, didn't matter how, he trusted his mistress. She was a damn good one.
That's why he knew that if he didn't get in position soon, he would have to face consequences. As he didn't want to disappoint her, he quickly got rid of his shirt and sat back on his legs, his hands holding his ankles.
His naked chest, toned from the times in the gym rose with anticipation. Alaska normally took her time to make him sweat, he didn't expect anything different today. Levi heard her cleaning up, opening the cabinets and then finally after ten minutes, his muscles straining in this position; he heard her come around. He watched her sit down on the couch, her skirt riding up up up... oh.. she wasn't wearing panties. Levi sucked in a deep breath, having her pussy this close without being able to touch always killed him. A tiny growl escaped him, which Alaska noticed, "Now now, let's behave. Mhm, your bare chest is just made to be licked... maybe .. I should just clamp your nipples, that would certainly help still the growl, right handsome?"
"Yes, ma'am."
Smirking, she whispered, "Good boy."
In a louder tone, his love shared, "I'll keep the clamps. For now. However, you can massage my feet until I finished my glass of wine, for this you may lose the position."
Finally, he broke free of the position, and took her delicate feet into his hands - by now he had mastered the foot massage and loved to give them, as Alaska made these tiny whimpers of pleasure whenever he found a good spot. Those sounds immediately went to his cock, which was already hardening. Under her watchful eye, he pressed his thumbs into her sole, and took care of his lady's pain; he didn't like seeing her in pain so he did everything in his power to make it better. If that included foot massages, where he had a clear view of her wet pussy, then he would accept that with pleasure.
"Mhm, you're hitting all the right spots, love." she groaned before taking another sip of her wine, licking her lips clean of any recessive drops. He saw her shifting around a bit, raising her skirt to indecent levels, and spreading her legs wider. Her core was now spread open, his tongue already watering with the image of diving his tongue deep... he literally whimpered when she dipped a finger in her wine and dragged it up her slit. Rubbing her clit in clear view.
"Do you want that handsome? Have a taste of my wet pussy?" her voice hoarse with desire.
"Yes, ma'am... please let me lick that cunt of yours." he growled, his eyes focused on her clenching core.
"Mhm,... you please me. Therefore I shall allow you some leeway." She placed her wineglass on the windowsill, apparently being finished with waiting.
"Now," she gripped her lover's hair tightly, "I want you to lick my pussy until I say stop." and pulled his face forcefully down to her dripping center..
As soon as Levi's mouth made contact with his mistress pussy, he feasted on her like a man on his last meal. How he loved licking pussy, god. He could do this for hours until his tongue turned numb. His hands took hold of her inner thighs, pressing them outward, giving him enough room to lick - his mistress hand was still in his hair and that was the way he liked it. She liked to control how he licked, telling him if she needed more or less pressure, and taking him by the hair turned him on, like she had a handle on him.
"So good how you lick me. Can you feel me getting wetter?"
He nodded enthusiastically against her lips. "Good keep licking it all up, I wanna see my cum on your tongue."
He groaned, his dick now rock hard as licking his girl always made him mad. His tongue flicked her clit a few times, before going down and sucking the cum right out of her. For good measure, he rolled his tongue and fucked her with it, feeling the hands in his hair loosen, stroking his head before tightening again when he nibbled his teeth on her clit. Holding her pussy lips apart, Levi dragged his tongue up from her ass, pressing hard against her bundle of nerves. His love loved her some clit action, so he focused his play on the sensitive spot that was getting harder. Looking up he could see her ecstasy, her rising chest, her glazed eyes and that made him fucking ecstatic. Seeing her fall apart on his tongue was better than his orgasm; knowing he put that blissed out look on his mistress face.
"Make me cum with your tongue and your fingers inside me. Earn your reward. Let me feel those long fingers bringing me to the edge. Suck me hard." she rasped, her voice holding a hard edge of authority, promising punishment if not followed through.
So he went to follow his order. Levi could feel her getting closer, her breathing was more uneven, and when he slid two of his fingers inside her, her cunt was gripping him like a vice. How he loved that feeling! He couldn't wait to have her orgasm on his tongue. Sucking her clit, before stroking his tongue in a circular motion, he curled his fingers upwards and pulled at her g-spot. A slight gasp escaped her, which he was very pleased about as Alaska tried to hold her gasps in; forcing him to work harder if he wanted to hear them.
Alaska's core was dripping, creating a squishy sound as soon as Levi started fingering her in a rough pattern. The sound mixed with their sounds of arousal was music to their ears in the quiet living room. Alaska knew her lover's cock must be throbbing by now, his need to lick her pussy was more a treat to him than it was to her, of course she liked his tongue up her channel, but Levi... Had a different relationship with licking pussy. As his mistress it was her duty to fulfill his desires in the way she saw fitting. She loved these acrobatic skills of Levis tongue; she felt these vibrations deep inside her.. It was just a matter of time for her orgasm to hit her. Her belly pulling in tight, her legs shaking, her core tightening.
"Honey, I'm going to cum...", she whispered, even if she knew Levi could feel it.
Doubling his efforts, he fingered her deep and hard, his teeth scraping her sensitive clitoris and his thumb pressing against her backdoor. On a mewl, his mistress gave him her orgasm - her walls quaking around his fingers, her legs shaking. Greedily he licked it all up, the tangy taste of her coating his tongue. Bringing her down softly, he slowed his lickings and took care of the mess.. She brushed his hair from his forehead, and lifted his chin; her thumb touching his wet bottom lip lovingly
"Kiss me, handsome. Let me taste myself on you."
Eager to feel his lips touching hers he got up and close to her, holding one side of her face in his palm while his lips descended upon hers. Alaska took ahold of his neck, pressing their lips harder against each other. She loved his kisses, in these moments she allowed him to lead - his tongue was stroking the seam of her lips, begging for entrance which she gladly granted. Wet lips slid against each other, his wet and cum covered tongue stroking hers giving her a taste of her own flavor. Biting her lip, making it sting, he soothed the bite with a pleasurable stroke. Their tongues were frantically battling for dominance, which Levi took with grace. Their kiss turned less frantic, slower, until only their lips were touching. Ultimately they stopped kissing, just their forehead touching.
A very intimate position to be in. Their eyes locked on each other.
"You were a good boy now, let's continue this in the bedroom shall we?"
Levi rose, pulling his love with him as he went. Stepping into their bedroom, he addressed her, "How do you want me, my mistress?"
Pleased by him asking, she told him to lie on his back, arms stretched above and legs spread wide.
While Levi took his place to get ready for round two of their spectacular evening; Alaska started to undress, first her ridden up skirt, then her blouse joined the floor.. The only thing that was blocking Levi's gaze on the whole phenomenon of his mistress was a flimsy see-through lace bra where her hard nipples poked through. Biting his lip, he watched her unclasp and drop the last barrier on her body. The sight of her naked curves would always rob him of his breath for a bit. Alaska smiled at him, her eyes taking him in from the top to the bottom, literally caressing the contour of this hard cock visible through his jeans. Seeing him in a state of arousal was a turn.
"What shall I do with you today, my boy?" she mused while opening her little box with toys. First, she pulled out her favorite bondage cuffs - after all leaving Levi to her mercy without a chance of him moving... Mhmm was delicious. Two other toys followed and she wrapped them in a towel, so he wouldn't see them yet and laid it on the bed.
"I love how your body is all stretched out for me now.. Your back almost arching to perform... do you like to be on display for me?" her left fingers tracing his leg upwards, her breath stroking his ear.
"Yes, Mistress." Levi answered shakily.
"Good answer, my love." she whispered into his ear cupping his package forcefully.
"Now, let me just put these cuffs on you." Alaska then went around the bed, fastening the cuffs to hold his strong body steady while stroking his body with her fingertips, her nails and pulling at his tight nipples.
Levi's breath accelerated with each click of the cuffs, being immobilised was a pleasurable torture after all and knowing Ska, she'd make it a tremendous stay.
His mistress climbed onto the bed, draping her thighs over his, their eyes met and soon she was massaging her beautiful breasts. Her hard nipples winking at him, all he wanted to do was bite them, suck them.. Feel her in his mouth. She turned her nipples aggressively, moaning while moving her hips lightly, just enough so they would brush against the tip of his cock. Pure torture. His cock was already weeping and they haven't even started yet.
Ska leaned down towards his plush lips, commanding him to "Suck my tits baby". Licking his lips he sucked her right nipple into his mouth, his tongue stroking her while his teeth nibbled on it. Changing breasts he did the same on the other side, watching her face meticulously, how her mouth opened up, how her eyes glazed over, how her desire was plain to see. With a pop, his mistress withdrew her nipples from his mouth, he didn't know what her next step was going to be...
She traced his lips with her forefinger, his tongue sneaking out to touch her which made her grin wickedly as he was going to pay for this disobedience. Her nails scratched down his chest, his belly,.. Stopping above his waistband. She opened up the zipper, the sound accompanied by his harsh breathing, and her hand immediately wrapped around his hard cock as he was going commando at home. Just like his mistress wished.
His hips involuntarily pumped up slightly, pushing his dick farther into the hand of his love. Alaska just tightened her grip stopping his movement completely.
Only when he was calm again did she spit crudely into her hand and started to jerk him off slowly. Her smooth palm like velvet around his tight cock, going up and down in slow motions that drove him crazy. Especially when she stopped to create a circular motion around his cock head before gliding down again. His eyes were straining to stay focused on her,his eyes wanted to roll back into his head.
As if the handjob wasn't enough, she bent down towards his tip and licked his slit. He bulged up, pleasure building in his toes, but the cuffs were holding him back. Alaska removed her hand, and just let her mouth do the work, she loved sucking cock. Way more than giving handjobs, so she sucked his head inside her hot mouth her tongue licking around it before taking him farther down her throat. Hitting the back of it, she grasped his balls in her hands, rolling them in her hand before she simply swallowed around him.
"Jesus." he bucked up, both trying to get away and towards the feeling at the same time.
Pulling his cock out again, wet with her saliva, she licked him up and down. Only sucking pieces of him into her mouth before going down to his balls, making them good and wet before she put them softly in her mouth as well. He knew he wouldn't be able to last long anymore, but he wasn't allowed to cum without his mistress permission which she hadn't given yet.
"Mistress?" he grunted, while she switched to deepthroating his cock.
"Mistress!"
Her lips were sliding up again, exchanging it for her hand.
"You won't come now. Do you understand?" she asked with a vise like grip around his cock.
Swallowing hard, trying to rein in his body's reaction he grumbled "Yes, Mistress"
She pinched the inside of his thigh hard, "What was that?"
Louder he repeated his statement. Happy with the confirmation, she stroked his thigh lovingly, kissing around his length before letting lose completely.
Alaska told him to close his eyes, knowing she didn't want him to see what happened next. His body was still strung high, his cock pulsing with the need to come, but he closed his eyes. His other senses now heightened, he felt her drag his jeans down more, before suddenly there was a hot wetness near his tip.
Oh fuck, was she going to ride him?
Dragging him through her warm and wet slit, she finally sank down. Her pussy hot, wet and gripping him tight as his mistress was close to an orgasm too.
Fuck, he felt the pleasure everywhere.
It was hard work to stop himself from coming inside her beautiful cunt. How she used him for her own pleasure, her juices dripping down his cock down to his balls marking him with her scent. He wished he could see her tits bouncing now, watch her steady herself on his chest while her pussy was swallowing him whole.
Alaska was moaning now, riding Levi's cock always brought her so much pleasure. How she could move just like she wanted, to seek her pleasure while he was inside her. She loved how his muscles were wound so tight, she could see them clearly or how he was gripping the cuffs because he feared he'd lose control. He looked delicious like this. Lifting her hips up again, she played around with his head at her entrance before sinking back down.
"You feel so good inside me. How you fill me up. God, I love using you for my pleasure" she whimpered slightly, fastening her pace. Her pussy was tight now, pulsing slightly around him, he knew she was going to cum soon, fuck how he wanted to see - those were moments where he sometimes forgot his role as the submissive as the pleasure went over his head.
She came on his even harder cock, her nails digging into his chest, her walls gripping him so tight it felt like she was milking him. Pulsing wildly she rode out her orgasm, leaning down he felt her lips on his, kissing him. Hard. Passionate.
He wished he could just wrap his hands around her... Her kisses turned softer now, before she kissed him on the nose - their telltale.
"Open your eyes handsome. I'm not done yet"
He growled at her, seeing her get off him, his dick wet and shiny with her cum he saw her lick herself off him. She was going to be the death of him. Her lips now scented with her own cum, she couldn't wait to have his taste inside her mouth as well.
Slowly, Ska removed his cuffs, rubbing the tender flesh with her fingers and kissing the imprints on his skin. Spearing her fingers through his hair she told him to get on all fours and present his bubble butt.
Grinning mischievously he did as he was told, even shaking his ass for good measure which she quickly swatted at with her hand.
"Your ass looks so good, my love. My handprint looks even better on it and when my whip cracks against your skin, how lovely you redden."
She traced the upper part of his butt with her fingers, dipping down to his crack inside his jeans a bit..
"Mhm can't really leave you clothed for what I have in mind."
Ska pulled down his pants until they wrapped around his knees immobilising his feet. Swap. The first slap on his ass was delivered with soft precision. Swap. A second slap on the other cheek followed.  
She went to work on his butt for a few more slaps intensifying in strength and repetition until he was moaning and tipping his ass back to get even more.
"Fuck mistress, you do me so good." Levi's voice was rough with desire.
His mistress stroked over his cheeks again, cherishing the red skin she left behind before wetting her fingers and a small dildo with lube.
Teasing his crack, she dragged a finger from the top to the back of his balls.
"Oh you like getting your ass filled, baby. Can't wait to play with it."
Rimming his hole with her finger she massaged his sensitive nerve endings, then sank her finger in knuckle deep.
"How you're gripping me handsome. Such a slut."
Pushing her finger farther in, he clenched his walls around her then released his hole again. So hungry. Tipping her finger down, she pressed against that squishy spot inside him.
"Mistress!" he yelled out, moaning at the same time. His body curved, and his head buried in the pillow.
"Oh, you're so ready for your favorite toy", switching her finger out for the toy, she pressed against his entrance softly while he was pushing back and with a pop the dildo sank inside his delicious ass. Alaska moaned out loud seeing this.
Levi was going crazy, his prostata was hit just right, his prior horniness now doubled and he so needed to cum. Ska started to fuck her lover's ass in slow motions, forcing him to do the rest with his hips if he wanted more friction. Reaching around him, she gripped his steel hard cock, and started jerking him off. The sound of his groans echoing in their bedroom.
She loved fucking him with a toy, sometimes even a strapon, when she was in the mood and good boy that he was he always loved it. He was so hot, how he craved every touch every kiss,.. He was perfect for her. Her hand jerked him off in the same rhythm she fucked his ass. Soon she felt him lose control, his breathing was heightened and his groans were lose which he never shied back from. He was stunning, his butt pushing back on the dildo while his beautiful cock was being jacked by his mistress.
He was lost in the pleasure, he felt his balls draw up, his toes curl,, his belly tighten.. He needed to cum.
"I need to cum, mistress. Please"
"Not yet, hold."
"Fuck.", gritting his teeth he thought back the intense amount of pleasure. His mistress jerked him off faster, harder making it impossible to be still. He felt every thrust deep in his toes, where his orgasm was so close.
"Please let me cum." he begged, every part of his body aching.
"Cum, shoot your load for me" she whispered.
Groaning loudly he bucked up, and with a shout his dick shot out loads of cum on the towel underneath him. His body shuddered and shook; she removed the dildo which earned her a moan and stopped her strokes. She brought her hand - covered in his cum - up to her mouth. Her tongue sneaked out, tasting him, "Mhm delicious."
As a mistress it was her duty to take care of him after putting him through such an intense scene. Stroking his calves, his thighs, his ass, she kissed the prints she left and his lower back. Removing the towel, Alaska coaxed his boneless form to lie down next to her, his head on her chest his arm over her belly holding her naked self close. In this sensual embrace, she started stroking his hair slowly and then told him how happy he made her today. Feeling content, she whispered, "I love you" to him. He just grinned with closed eyes, and returned these three little words which had already changed her entire life.
It couldn't get any better than her holding her sub close to her chest with his pants still stuck around his knees. Closing her eyes as well, she followed Levi, her love, into his dreams.