Lucius Malfoy had a certain way of owning every room he walked into, of commanding the attention of everyone around and making it seem that this was the most logical response to his presence. Severus wondered if this was something Lucius had learned how to do over time or if it was simply ingrained. One could think that being born into the Malfoy family was enough to give Lucius this quality, but Severus had met Malfoy Senior and was not quite as impressed by him as he was by the man's son.

Seldom did Lucius' outward demeanor ever change, despite whatever circumstances he seemed to be in. Sometimes he let through the tiniest flickers of annoyance, smugness, amusement or condescension, but very little else.

At that very moment, he was enduring Severus' tirade with little more than a vaguely arched eyebrow.

"I am not your whore!" Severus snapped. "'Whore' implies that I fuck other people for you. I only fuck you. I don't expect you to dignify what you do to me by saying that I'm your lover but do you think you could come up with something that isn't bitch, slut, or whore?"

The corner of Lucius' mouth quirked. "I suppose 'fuck-toy' is out of the question, then?"

Severus made a show of pretending to ponder this. "Hmm. Is it better to be thought of as an object, or a slut..."

"Honestly, Severus," Lucius said. "I would think someone like you would prefer not to be thought of as merely an object."

Severus met Lucius' gaze steadily. "And I would think someone like you would prefer not to lower himself to whores."

Lucius' mouth twitched again. "Touché," he murmured. They looked at each other for a moment longer before Severus let out a breath and sat down heavily on the plush chair next to the matching one that Lucius sat on.

"I didn't really say that I was your whore last night, did I?" Severus asked. "I don't remember..."

"No, you didn't," Lucius replied, "though I did call you a slut, and you agreed to that quite..." He seemed to be searching for the right word. "Heartily," he said finally, smirking.

Severus' mind was racing. "I don't recall this conversation at all."

"That's a pity. I was enjoying myself at the time."

"What were you doing?"

"I had you on your knees."

"I don't see why that should affect my memory. You didn't use a charm on me, did you?"

Lucius' eyes went wide in feigned innocence. "Would I do such a thing?"

Severus responded with an expression that spoke volumes; most of which were wanting to know whether or not Lucius was trying to mock him and, if he was, that it was not going to work. Lucius merely stared back with a look that appeared rather uninterested. Finally Severus asked, "Whatever did you say that you didn't want me to remember?"

Lucius picked up a glass of fire whiskey from the small table between their chairs. "I'm sure I have no idea what you're talking about," he said.

"Very well," Severus said, holding desperately onto his patience, "you had me on my knees and... then what?"

Lucius looked sidelong at him. He might have been smiling, but Severus couldn't be certain of that. "I said that you're a slut," Lucius said, "and you said 'Yes'--with this exquisite little gasp."

"And then?" Severus pressed. "It's odd. I remember nothing between entering your room and wiping my face on your scarf."

Lucius' eyes widened, just slightly, and he shrugged one shoulder as he took a drink. "I have no idea why that would be."

"Lucius..."

"Severus. You worry too much. Don't I treat you well? Haven't I been good to you when no one else was?"

Severus was beginning to feel frustrated. "You never touch me. You don't even let me... swallow. I don't know what you want."

It appeared that Lucius was mulling this over. Severus shifted in his chair. Finally Lucius asked, "You want me to touch you?"

"I am not going to beg."

"Oh." Lucius' voice held what Severus might call a note of disappointment, if he didn't know him so well by now. "Pity."

Resting one elbow on the arm of his chair so that he could lean towards Lucius, Severus spoke with as much force as he thought he could get away with, "I want to know what I can't remember."

Lucius put the glass down and rolled his eyes. "Oh, calm down, Severus. There's nothing to remember."

"I know that's not true." It was exceedingly difficult to keep his voice even, when all Severus wanted was to rage at Lucius. Malfoy should at least know by now that Severus could be just as stubborn as he was, and to do this to him--there was no doubt that he saw this as a game, but Severus knew that Lucius could have done anything to him. On the other hand, he might not have done anything, and this was probably just what Lucius wanted: to drive Severus quite mad.

And fuck him, because it was nearly working.

"Why does it matter so much?" Lucius sounded almost genuinely curious.

"Because if I suck you off," Severus said, quietly, "the least you could do is let me remember what you say to me."

Now Lucius' voice turned mocking, and his eyes took on a spark of cruelty as he leaned closer to Severus. "Would you like me to tell you that I told you how good you are, how sweet your mouth is, how much I want you on all fours so I can fuck you until you scream for me?"

Severus' fingers tightened on the chair's arm. He was not in the mood to let Lucius bully him. "You would never use the word 'sweet.'"

Suddenly amusement was back in Lucius' expression, and he smirked. "No," he said, "I wouldn't."

"Then what did you say? Was it a Malfoy family secret?" Severus knew he was walking a fine line. He was not going to lie to himself and pretend that he didn't want to be exactly where he was, and Lucius could demand that he leave if he pressed too much. But he was also not entirely willing to go without knowing what Lucius had taken away from him.

"I think it's time you dropped this," Lucius said, taking another drink. He had nearly finished his glass, and not offered any to Severus. He had spent the entire night teasing Severus, leading him around. Severus had finally finished spending seven years having other people telling him what to do, when he should do it, and for Merlin's sake--he wasn't a child anymore, and he didn't want to be treated like one.

"Is that an order, Sir?" he said, snidely.

But Lucius didn't bite. "Oh, now if you act like that, I will call you my bitch."

Anger started to creep into Severus' voice. "You obviously think of me as your bitch anyway, so I'm not entirely sure why it would matter."

"Why, Severus, if I didn't know better I'd say you're angry with me. I'm just delighted that I could get such a reaction from you."

"Why don't you just use the Imperius Curse and tell me what I'm feeling?"

Lucius gave a small sigh. "Do stop acting like such an infant. It's unbecoming."

Severus stared at Lucius for a long moment, who looked back at him with a small measure of irritation. "Do you want me to use the curse?" he demanded.

"I want to know what you want, apart from the occasional blow job," Severus shot back.

"What do I want..." Lucius pretended to mull this over, taking another sip of his fire whisky. "Now that is an interesting question, isn't it? Ah, but I thought that I could be very easy to please."

"I could laugh at that statement, but I don't think I will." There was bitterness in Severus' words, and he hoped that Lucius would choose not to make an issue of it. "You don't want Narcissa Black, do you, but you're probably going to marry her, or her sister. Aren't you? And you don't really want the Malfoy mansion, but you're going to have it."

"And just why is this important to you?" Lucius sounded cruel again as he asked, "Do you want to have me all to yourself?"

Severus' jaw worked. "Now that is unbecoming."

"You are in a mood tonight, aren't you."

"Is there a reason I shouldn't be?"

Lucius waved a hand expansively. "I merely requested your company tonight for something to drink. Perhaps some... entertainment."

Severus got to his feet. "Well, if I'm not satisfactory company, then perhaps you should summon company that will please you more."

Lucius glanced at the ceiling with a sigh. "I have found you satisfactory tonight," he replied, "though perhaps not quite in the way I'd intended, or even in the way you had intended."

"Because I haven't left? Or because I'm being... rude?"

"Because you're still here. Anyone else wouldn't dare argue with me about anything."

"You could insist they try," Severus said. "Threaten to withhold favors if they don't."

Lucius appeared to be mulling this over. "Perhaps I could," he admitted, "but then it becomes forced, and all the challenge is gone."

Remaining silent for a moment, Severus sat again. He clasped his hands in front of him. "That's why you did it, isn't it?" He glanced at Lucius only to see him smile. "You'd respect me more if I left?"

"And why do you say that?" Lucius asked, reaching out to pour himself some more to drink.

"Because it's true. You have no interest in your lackeys from school, you can't stand your parents' friends. You enjoy making people despise themselves. The ones you think are strong are the ones who don't need you."

Lucius looked at Severus for a long time. He leaned back more comfortably in his chair. "You've been paying very close attention."

"No, I..." Severus looked away. "Yes, I have."

"And what else have you discovered about me?" Lucius sounded very amused. Severus considered not responding to this at all, but decided against it.

"You want someone stronger than you are."

"Oh, indeed?"

"Yes. For reasons I don't understand, you're not trying to consolidate power. You're content to hold onto your family name, marry the girl you're expected to sire little Malfoys on and... wait." He glanced up, looking intensely at Lucius. "What are you waiting for?"

But Lucius merely looked back with a blank stare. "Whatever do you mean, Severus?"

"Why aren't you more public?" Severus demanded. "Making more of a show, recruiting allies? I know you want Hogwarts to stop admitting mudbloods. I think you have designs on running the Ministry of Magic, but you're not involved in any of those things."

"Everything will happen in its own good time. I'm very patient."

Severus leaned forward, and said, forcefully, "What don't you want me to remember?"

And Lucius laughed at him. "You are persistent, Snape!"

"I'm also not as stupid as Crabbe and Nott and your lackeys, Lucius."

Lucius reached out and put his glass down. "Perhaps I just did this to see if you would demand to know what had happened--to see how far you would go to get that information."

"What do you want in exchange?"

Lucius rose to his feet this time, taking the few steps that placed him in front of Severus. He dropped his voice, tilted his head to the side, and raised his eyebrows. "What else do you have that I may desire from you?"

Severus could only look up into those cool, calculating eyes for short time. "I suppose I've given you too much unasked," he said. "Lesson learned."

Lucius reached out and lifted Severus' chin. "There is nothing else you would give me?"

"I didn't say that," Severus said, moving back in his chair as though that were a means of escape. Lucius leaned forward, bracing his hands on the chair's arms.

"What do you want, Severus?"

Severus could not look away this time, and neither could he find his voice right away. Not with Lucius' mouth suddenly so close to his.

In the past five months, since the night that Lucius had invited Severus up to his room, not once had they kissed.

Severus' voice was barely more than a whisper when he finally said, "I want you to touch me."

"Is that all you want?"

"I want you ... not to pull away."

"Indeed? And why is that?"

"Because you want to."

"And what will you do," Lucius murmured, "when, and if, I don't pull away?"

"I..." Severus looked down at his hands. "I don't know yet."

There was silence between them again. And then Lucius leaned in closer, and whispered into Severus' ear. "If I were to touch you... where would you want me to do it?"

It took all of Severus' willpower not to shiver. "I would rather not say." His voice was remarkably even, and he was rather proud of himself for that. "I'm curious where you would touch me."

Slowly, Lucius pulled back again, and then lifted a hand to rest it on the side of Severus' neck. His thumb stroked in a lazy circle. "Is that acceptable for you?" he asked, amusement evident in his voice.

Severus' hand gripped his robe tightly. "It's a start, I suppose," he replied. He wondered how long this could possibly last.

"What else do you want?"

"You could actually take off your robes."

Lucius stood straight again. "You're still wearing yours," he pointed out.

"I didn't know you..." Severus swallowed. "Do you want me to take them off?"

"You may as well."

Severus stood, hoping that he wasn't reacting too quickly, and began to take off his robes. He stopped, then, and looked pointedly at Lucius. Lucius held his gaze as they stripped, and he lifted his chin almost defiantly, which seemed rather laughable to Severus; if anything happened that Lucius decided he didn't like, he could send Severus away. Or hex him. Whichever he preferred, really. Maybe both.

When he realized he was staring at Lucius' flawless skin, stretched taut over a broad chest and smooth over compact buttocks, Severus said, "Well."

"Yes?"

"You're hard."

"So are you."

Severus' face felt warm. Lucius' eyes held a flicker of amusement. "I, uh," Severus said, with remarkable eloquence, "you're not always, at first." When Lucius didn't respond, he added, "This is usually when you tell me to get on my knees."

"Is that what you want me to do?" Lucius asked.

"Is that what you want to do?"

"Yes, it is. I want you on your knees, Severus."

Severus took a deep breath. "No," he said.

Lucius' eyebrows rose. "Excuse me?" he said quietly.

"Not until you tell me whatever it is you wanted me to forget." Severus' voice didn't shake, but his heart was pounding. He wondered if Lucius could hear it. "I want to know. Because there is something you don't want me to remember. Will you at least admit that you used a charm on me?"

"Very well," Lucius replied. He sounded as though he was losing patience. "I did use a charm on you."

"Because you didn't trust me not to repeat whatever I might have seen, or heard?"

"That wasn't the issue."

"What was the issue, then, if I might ask?"

Then Lucius suddenly smiled, wickedly, and pressed close. He whispered into Severus' ear again. "I had you on your hands and knees last night."

"You." Severus shivered, sputtered, and then attempted to recover his dignity. "I... I'm not sure I... understand."

Lucius chuckled, and his hand trailed up Severus' arm as he walked around behind him. Lucius was still hard, and his erection pressed against Severus' arse. His voice was little more than a purr. "I fucked you," he said slowly. "I fucked you until you begged and screamed for me. And I called you a slut..." His arm circled Severus' waist. "And you agreed that you were. And then you licked your own come from my hand."

"Oh." Lucius' chest was very warm, and inviting, and Severus leaned back against him helplessly. "I... Lucius..." Then the reality of Lucius' words hit Severus somewhat like a blow to the head, and he pulled away, spinning around. His voice was higher than normal, and he was able to admit to himself that he sounded a little hysterical. "Why didn't you let me remember!"

Lucius stared back at Severus calmly. "So that I could do it again, and you would act just as shamelessly as you did last night."

Severus backed away further, shaking, sweating. "What makes you think I wouldn't?"

"Because if you could remember, you wouldn't think it was the first time I'd fucked you."

It took a moment for this to sink in. Severus' hands balled into tight fists. "How many times were you planning on doing this?"

Lucius shrugged a shoulder. "As many as I could get away with."

Severus turned back to the chair where he'd dropped his robes. "You bastard," he said. He angrily gathered up his clothing, but his hands were shaking too hard for him to dress himself properly. "You rotten bastard. You fucked me and you didn't even let me remember!"

"Are you expecting an apology?"

Severus whirled around again. Lucius seemed completely unconcerned by this turn of events. "Are you expecting me to let you do it again?" he demanded.

"Yes," Lucius replied, as though it was just that simple.

"You absolute bastard. Why do you think I would put up this, just so you can have me as a sniveling virgin over and over?"

"As appealing as that may sound, dealing with all of this is just far too much hassle. I think I will just save myself the headache for the future."

"You liar. You're enjoying this more than having me on my knees. You're still hard." Severus pointed, a feeling of triumph welling inside him.

Lucius' mouth twitched, almost a smile. "This is even better than I could have hoped for."

Severus draped his robes over his arms, hiding himself from Lucius' view. He was still shaking, but didn't really want to leave. "Fuck you, Lucius."

"I really don't think so." Lucius swept past him to retrieve his drink. He seemed to be in no hurry to put his robes back on. Severus understood that he was still expecting to fuck him.

And Severus knew damn well that eventually, he'd give in to Lucius' desires. But he'd be damned if we was going to make it easy for him. "Why not?" he asked. "You might enjoy it. And if you did you could always use a memory charm to make me forget."

"Now, there's no need to be snide, Severus."

"Of course not," Severus snapped. "I'm supposed to kneel and kiss your feet and tell you how grateful I am to be allowed to service you, aren't I? Yes, Sir, if that is what you want, Sir, one more person worshipping your last name, Sir."

"It is not my name you've been worshipping," Lucius said, taking a long drink.

"Don't flatter yourself that your cock is that impressive."

"Oh, very good, Snape. Anything more?" Lucius asked tauntingly.

"No," Severus said. "Yes." He started to pull his robes on, now that he finally had his hands under control again. "I'm leav--" He stopped himself, shoulders slumped. He looked at Lucius again, who watched him calmly, sipping his drink. "That's what you wanted, isn't it. You want me to leave. Until I come crawling back to you and swear that I'll do whatever you want like a good boy."

Lucius approached him again, wordlessly holding out his glass to Severus. "Maybe that is what I want," he said.

Severus snatched the glass from him, splashing whiskey over Lucius' fingers. He wanted to finish the glass, but knew he wouldn't be able to handle that much. He took a sip, and then stepped away from Lucius as Lucius sucked the whiskey from his skin. "Maybe I won't come back," Severus said, knowing full well that it wasn't much of a threat.

"Is that what you want?" Lucius asked. Severus wouldn't delude himself into thinking that there was actual concern in his voice.

"What I want has never been relevant here, has it?" Severus made himself continue to hold Lucius' gaze.

"Severus, how much have I forced you to do?"

"That's very difficult for me to say, isn't it, when by your own admission you've been playing with my memories." Severus took another drink, as long as he could before the firewhiskey started to burn in his throat. "I never fooled myself that you had any liking for me." Would be far too dangerous, wouldn't it? a mocking voice in his head asked. He closed his eyes briefly. "But," he continued, when Lucius didn't appear to be about to say anything, "I didn't think you had so little respect for that you would stoop to that."

"Did you want an apology?" Lucius was mocking him now, his eyes glinting cruelly again. "My humble promise that I shall never do it again?"

"Your promises are meaningless!" Severus cried, thrusting the glass back at him. "What do you want from me, Lucius?"

"No more than you have given me."

"I'm just a fuck-toy then?" Severus matched the tone of Lucius' voice, and Lucius didn't seem to like it. But Severus felt reckless now, angry and bitter and hurt, and didn't care if Lucius' eyes flashed with ire. "How very un-ambitious of you." His robes finally on again, Severus turned to leave, but Lucius reached out and took hold of his wrist.

"Oh, you're hardly that at all, Severus," he said.

"Let go of me," Severus said tightly.

"No," Lucius replied, smiling. "I don't think so."

Severus jerked his hand in Lucius' grasp. "I'm not your whore!"

Lucius pulled Severus to him, his fingers coming up to start removing Severus' clothing once more. "No? Then why are you here? Why do you keep coming when I ask you to?"

"I suppose I foolishly thought you might... be a mentor or... never mind." Severus shook his head angrily, trying to pull away again, but Lucius held him close. "Let go of me!" he insisted.

Lucius clucked his tongue. "Now, Severus," he said, "you undoubtedly need someone to guide you, because you're far too foolish to accomplish anything on your own. Might as well be me, don't you think?"

Severus squirmed to get away as Lucius' arm tightened around his waist. "How can I learn anything form someone who will wipe my memories for his own filthy carnal pleasures?" he demanded.

"You seemed so eager until now, Severus." Lucius trailed one finger along Severus' jaw, his voice dropped down to that purr again, a tone that went straight to Severus' cock. "Are you going to tell me that I've taught you nothing?"

"I'm... not..." It was distressingly hard to think all of a sudden. Severus shivered. "I don't trust you!"

Lucius nuzzled at Severus' ear, whispering, "I'm the only one you can trust. Anyone else would just try to hurt you..." He began to work at Severus' clothing, pulling it all away to pool at Severus' feet. "I can give you everything."

"But..." Severus gasped softly as Lucius rubbed a thumb over his nipple. "Oh. But you won't. So why should I believe anything you say?"

"What do you have to lose?" Lucius' hand strayed up to Severus' neck, then trailed lightly down his arm.

"Besides my memories?"

"Besides that."

That maddening hand moved back up, and Lucius' fingertips once more teased Severus' nipple. He clenched his teeth. "I'm going to lose my mind if you keep doing that."

"Doing what?" Lucius asked, all wide-eyed with feigned innocence. The expression didn't suit him.

Eyes closed, Severus was quaking. It was getting harder to remember why he was angry at Lucius. "That. With your fingers."

"Oh," Lucius said, then smirked. "Tell me what you want, Severus."

"Just do what you're going to do!"

Lucius slipped around behind Severus, and rubbed a hand down his belly. "I want you on your knees," he said. "I'm going to fuck you."

Severus dropped down to his hands and knees on the floor. He dropped his torso, shamelessly raising his hips higher. "I want to remember," he said thickly.

"I'll let you." Lucius wandered away for a moment, then returned, getting to his own knees behind Severus. "You won't forget."

Severus rested his forehead on his arm. "Then just do it," he said.

"Such impatience," Lucius said, chuckling. "Don't you think this is worth waiting for?"

A slick finger pushed against the entrance to Severus' body, and he gasped. "Lucius!" He knew it should have hurt more, that this was far, far too easy, and somewhere in the back of his mind, a panicked little part of him had to wonder if Lucius had done this to him more than once. But then that finger moved inside him, and he cried out helplessly, pushing his hips back.

"Just like that. Absolutely delightful," Lucius said appreciatively, rubbing the small of Severus' back with his other hand. "Do you want more?"

"Yes," Severus gasped, "yes."

The finger slipped out of him, and he made a small noise of protest at its loss. Then Lucius said, "Tell me what you want," and Severus nearly whimpered.

"I... I want... I want to feel you in me," he said softly. "Fucking me."

"Good boy," Lucius said, and he sounded genuinely pleased, but Severus wasn't surprised by this. One hand came up to grip Severus' hip, and then Lucius was pushing inside him. It felt like being torn in two by a column of fire, straight through to his spine; Severus could not believe that he had not felt the after-effects of this for days, memory charm or no.

"Oh. Oh, fuck, Lucius, fuck..."

Lucius covered Severus with his body, his hands resting on the floor on either side of Severus. "What a dirty mouth you have," he said. "I want to hear how much you like this."

"Fuck," Severus gasped, "fuck, it hurts, Lucius."

"It won't hurt for long," Lucius said, softly, reassuringly. His voice was gentle near Severus' ear as he began to move slowly inside him.

It was almost as painful to think that Lucius had stolen the memory of this from him, because the pain eased its way to discomfort, and then finally to pleasure, as Lucius teased his cock and rubbed a spot deep inside him that threatened to drive him utterly insane. And Lucius kept talking to him, whispering dirty things in his ear, though he didn't really hear him. Not until that silky-soft voice said, "I will have you begging me for more, to let you come..."

"Let me come now, Lucius, please," Severus said, horrifyingly close to begging.

"So soon?" Lucius asked, withdrawing his hand, and laughed when Severus moaned. Surely, Lucius had been fucking him for hours, keeping him close, so close, to coming. "I don't want you to touch yourself, Severus," Lucius warned.

"But it's, please, do something," Severus said, his face burning at his inability to form a coherent sentence.

"Making demands now?" How was it that Lucius' voice was so fucking even? How could he still be in such firm control of himself? It simply wasn't fair, that Severus was nearly begging--nearly? Liar!--and Lucius just wasn't that much older, couldn't possibly be this experienced. But then his fingers closed around Severus' cock. "Very well," he said, "does this meet with your approval?"

"Touch me please touch me please just touch me."

"I am touching you," Lucius replied, stroking Severus' cock in time with the thrusting of his hips. "Oh, I could listen to you all night... shameless."

And Severus had obviously left his dignity in his robes. He let out a loud keening near-scream, and moved frantically back to meet Lucius' hips.

"Slut," Lucius gasped, and there it was, a small crack in the façade, and Severus would have smiled if he hadn't been too busy screaming. "Ah--fuck--Severus."

"Lucius!" Severus moved a hand to cover Lucius', not caring what he might think about this. "Going to can't hold oh my no don't stop!"

The hand that was still on the floor near Severus moved, and Lucius' fingers gripped Severus' hip tightly, and Severus knew that there would be bruises later. Severus felt Lucius' body shuddering behind him, thought he could hear the older man panting in ragged little gasps. He heard, "Fuck" and "So tight" and "Begging for it, shameless, Severus" and then he couldn't hear anything except his own delirious screams of pleasure as he came all over their hands, and his own belly, and Lucius' expensive rug.

It was a long moment before either of them moved; before Severus acknowledged how sore his knees were. "Lucius," he said, his throat raw. "Oh. Lucius."

Now he could clearly hear Lucius' harsh breathing. Lucius was still for a moment longer, and then he pulled away.

"Don't," Severus said, though he hadn't moved to look at Lucius yet. "You said... let me remember."

"I know. I said I would." Lucius' voice was detached now, emotionless. He spoke this way to his parents' friends.

A tight knot formed in Severus' stomach, and he forced himself to sit up on his heels. "I'm--oh." He looked down. "Dripping... how did you hide all this last time?"

"'Scourgify' works wonders," Lucius replied. "And you did lose a little more than fifteen minutes."

"I can't believe... I won't feel this for a month."

"Hm. A pity indeed."

Severus turned, sitting now on the rug to face Lucius, who wasn't looking at him. "Are you... did--" He stopped, and licked his lip, and tried again: "Was it like that for you?"

Lucius frowned and finally looked at Severus. "Was... what like that?"

"Did you. Feel... that, before?" Severus asked, and had to look away. He poked a clean fingertip into the soft rug.

"Before..." Lucius stood on very slightly wobbly knees to retrieve his wand from his robes. Severus felt breathless again, and stared at him, hoping desperately that, just this once, Lucius Malfoy would keep a promise.

"Won't you even tell me?" Severus asked quietly. Lucius didn't respond immediately, as he cast the scourgify charm, cleaning his rug but not Severus' skin.

Finally Lucius said, "It was... just like that."

"It. Oh. You were so quiet," Severus said, and winced at the disappointment in his voice. He watched Lucius put his wand back into his robes, which he picked up off the floor and draped neatly over one of his chairs.

"You should clean yourself up," he said. "Clean myself up?"

Lucius turned to look at him again, and Severus allowed himself a moment to let his gaze wander up and down Lucius' body. "You've made an awful mess."

Severus stared for another few seconds, then said, "Like this?" He lifted his hand to his mouth and licked a finger, slowly. He thought perhaps Lucius held his breath for a moment, but he couldn't be sure.

"Just... like that," Lucius said softly, not moving.

"Oh." Severus proceeded to lick one finger clean at a time. He looked steadily at Lucius, who had one fist clenched tightly as he came to kneel in front of Severus.

"Fuck," said Lucius.

"Did you want some?" Severus asked, grinning naughtily.

"Ah..."

Severus dragged a finger through the come on his belly, then swiped it against Lucius' cheek right by his mouth. "No?" he said, feeling empowered by Lucius' reaction to this. Then Lucius grabbed his wrist, and sucked a finger into his mouth.

"Oh."

Lucius released the finger, and licked the palm of Severus' hand. "Oh?"

"I didn't think you'd... do that," Severus replied.

"What did you think I'd do?" Lucius raised an eyebrow.

What had he thought Lucius would do? Spank him? Turn him into a toad? He leaned in a little closer. "Not..." He licked the wet streak next to Lucius' mouth away.

Lucius flinched. "I would hate to think I'd become predictable."

Severus met and held Lucius' eyes. He stayed close to him, and said, his voice low and intense, "Then kiss me."