"He's going to hate this," Pansy whispered miserably as she and Ginny got into the Underground station. She had dressed down somewhat, as she had been doing over the past two weeks of visits to the Muggle fertility clinic. She hated feeling so dependent on Ginny, hated being sober, hated feeling Chesterfield's wretched eyes boring into her back. She hated feeling, and hated especially the feeling that she was a useless piece of wasted space. Chesterfield constantly made scathing remarks about her femininity, that she was inadequate and couldn't even bear a child, which was all she was good for.

Ginny grasped her hand and pulled her onto the Tube. "I'll tell him," she promised. "You'll just sit there and look pretty and I'll handle the whole thing."

"I should tell him," Pansy whispered. "I'm supposed to be the patient, right?"

"Yeah, well, he'll think it's an excuse coming from you. But from me, and if I wave all this paperwork in front of him, and he'll believe it."

Pansy was silent as Ginny dragged her across London to the pub that would take them back to the Wizarding section. From there, they Apparated to the restricted area within Chesterfield Manor. Ginny had a house elf summon Chesterfield, and only later did she realize how imperious she sounded while doing it. She had absorbed some of the haughtier aspects of rich society life without even realizing it, and was growing more and more adept at manipulating others to do as she wished. There should have been some kind of hesitancy at that, but it didn't bother her one bit.

She should have been afraid of that, but wasn't.

Chesterfield didn't enjoy being summoned, least of all by Ginny Weasley when he was examining his account books. He hated numbers, he hated mathematics and he hated the feeling that he was small and impotent. He didn't understand the papers Ginny shoved at him, the Muggle words that sat still on the page.

"It's not Pansy's fault that you both can't have a child," Ginny said without preamble, watching Chesterfield try to interpret the numbers and names of all the hormones the clinic had tested for. "According to their tests, you're not fertile, sir."

The "sir" tacked on the end didn't placate him in the least. "WHAT?!"

Pansy flinched at Chesterfield's roar and shrank back next to Ginny. For her part, Ginny sat down implacably on the drawing room couch and refused to be cowed. If anything, the very appearance of being comfortable seemed to make Chesterfield more enraged.

"All of her hormones – and I have to admit, it sounds awfully complicated but they did explain it all to us – are normal. Her other labs, whatever it was they were looking for, are normal. They examined her with all sorts of Muggle instruments and said it all looks normal. But they went over your sample with them and determined that there's not enough there to father a child. I don't know how they measure these things, but it's all there in that copy of the paperwork they gave us." Ginny gestured toward the sheaf of paper in Chesterfield's hands. She almost felt sorry for the old man, at his bluster that she was sure was just covering up his feeling of inadequacy. She was used to people telling her she wasn't good enough just because she had grown up a poor Weasley. This man had been raised to think everything he touched should turn to gold.

Chesterfield found the summary of his visit to the clinic and sank down heavily into a seat opposite Ginny. While he didn't understand most of what was on the page, he did clearly understand the assessment at the bottom. Low sperm count, low motility, some discoloration in sample. It is most likely male factor infertility.

"The doctors at the clinic were telling us about options," Ginny began when the silence grew to be uncomfortable.

"There are no options," Chesterfield growled, throwing the papers aside.

"The doctor was talking about donors or adoption," Ginny continued blithely. "I would think adoption is out of the question for you, even though there are plenty of orphans about that would be most grateful for a home." She shrugged. "Now, the doctor was talking about sperm banks and such things that they have out there. Honestly, I wouldn't think that it's a good option for you at all, sir."

Chesterfield blinked at her matter-of-fact tone. "What? Why?"

"Because quite frankly, they're Muggle sperm banks. Yours is a very old line, and Pansy's from a Pureblood family as well. While it's all very well and good to espouse equality in public, I can't see you taking a risk with a Muggle donor. You won't know if the child has magic or not, and that wouldn't bode well for a Chesterfield heir."

Chesterfield had gone abruptly pale at Ginny's words, then nodded. "You are quite right, Miss Weasley. While there's nothing wrong with Muggleborn wizards, I certainly couldn't have a Squib for an heir."

Ginny sighed as she nodded. She knew what the old line prejudices were, and had been doing a lot of thinking on the way back from the clinic. Pansy had been a quivering mass of fear, and Ginny had to think fast on her own. Not like I haven't done it before, she thought to herself, taking in a breath. Though explaining away a prank is a lot different from explaining to an old man what he should do...

"I would think a Wizard donor would be appropriate, someone with enough of a lineage that you can be assured that the child would have magic." Ginny gave Chesterfield a helpless smile. "To be perfectly honest, the first name that came to mind was Blaise Zabini."

Pansy went perfectly still next to Ginny, her grip almost punishing on her arm. "What did you say?" she whispered, stunned.

"I don't know many single Pureblood wizards," Ginny continued, looking at Chesterfield directly. He was assessing every one of her words carefully. "My brother is currently sort-of seeing someone, so he's out of the question. Draco Malfoy would be acceptable, but there's always the rumor about Dark wizards in his family. I wouldn't think you would want to subject yourself to something like that. So that leaves me with Blaise. He was never involved in the war, was never accused of being a Dark wizard and is intelligent. In fact, the Minister of Magic himself had told me he thought Blaise was a Ravenclaw. He's a whiz at finances and is from an old family. He's unattached to anyone, so he could even help out with the child, if need be. You can be sure that whatever child Pansy has will be intelligent and magical, and would be a worthy Chesterfield heir."

Chesterfield sat back in his chair. He stared at Ginny long and hard, and she stared right back. If he was expecting her to flinch, he would be sorely disappointed. She had learned to lie from the best of them, and the recent months of subterfuge had honed that talent to a fine edge. What gave her even more credence was that she was telling him the truth. Blaise would truly be suitable, even if he wasn't already madly in love with Pansy.

"You've thought about this."

Ginny shrugged. "It was a long way back from the clinic, sir."

He didn't even look at Pansy, who had collapsed on the couch, her pale skin an even lighter shade. "You care very much about this outcome."

"Pansy's my friend," Ginny told him evenly. "If having a child for you will make her happy, then of course I'd try my best to help that happen."

Now his eyes swung to Pansy's pale face, to the frightened expression as she almost silently pleaded with him not to be angry with her. Chesterfield looked back at Ginny's determined expression, lips pursed in thought.

"It wouldn't do for some Muggle to go messing about with a Chesterfield heir," he said after a long moment. He breathed heavily, then pushed himself up to his feet. "I don't like the idea of a proxy, but Chesterfields have always been conceived in this home. It's how the lands get into their very blood."

Ginny had heard of the superstition, but kept silent. Chesterfield had to agree to this, or else it would never, never happen.

"I'll owl the fellow," Chesterfield said suddenly. He eyed the two women on the couch with a level gaze. "I suppose if he's such a financial genius that he's mistaken for a Ravenclaw, I should take him on as a protégé. It wouldn't be so untoward then. I'll have to install him here and get him transferred to my company." Chesterfield turned a sour glance to Pansy. "You'll bed him until you've gotten an heir, Pansy. That's settled."

Pansy blinked, her jaw dropping open. "But—"

"You'll do as I say!" Chesterfield ordered. His voice was soft, but carried more force to it than if he'd shouted at her. "You'll get me a Chesterfield heir as promised when I wed you, even if it is by proxy."

The matter settled, Chesterfield left the room.

Pansy turned her startled gaze to Ginny's calm one. "You..." She shook her head, tears coming to hear eyes. "Oh dear Merlin, Ginny, you're brilliant!"

Ginny sighed as she caught Pansy's frantic hug. "Oi, Pans. Don't thank me yet. He made it sound like he's going to watch the two of you."

Her shocked laughter was heartening. It was the first sign of humor that Ginny had seen in weeks, and it was something closer to the Pansy she had gotten to know. "Oh, he's a dirty old man, all right. But I don't care, I tell you. This is something I can do. This is what makes it tolerable. I can't believe you've made it all possible."

"I promised I'd help," Ginny told her. She pulled back from the embrace with a grin. "And just think. If I can pull this off, I can do anything."

"You know what? I'm really starting to believe in you," Pansy told her. "Anything you say you'll do, and it happens." Her grin was almost watery in relief. "Whatever help you need, anything, you just tell me."

Ginny thought about it for a moment. "Know anyone interested in a charitable pick up game of Quidditch? We're still a few players short."

Pansy's laughter was high and almost manic. "Of course I do! Oh, now I can really help and not feel so bad all the time." She stopped as soon as she jumped up from the couch. "And to think, I'm actually sober for all this. I would've thought it was something I dreamed up."

"See? Sobriety isn't all bad. And you'll have to stay sober when there's a baby."

Her expression was soft and almost dreamy. "For that baby, I'd want to be."

"All right, then. Let's go plan a game."
***
The first thing Blaise did at the café meeting was sweep Ginny into a bear hug, swinging her around and kissing her on both cheeks. Draco looked on amused, and Millicent watched them with wide eyes. "Whatever happened?"

"Ginny's performed a miracle," Blaise declared, sitting down next to Pansy. He caught her hand in his and squeezed it lovingly. "She convinced Chesterfield that I'm the only wizard capable of solving his problems. That old codger is taking me on in Chesterfield Enterprises and all but pushing me at Pansy to sire his heir."

Millicent choked on her tea. "What?"

"Exactly," Blaise told her, grinning. "Can you believe it?"

"And there might be more than one child in your future, just so you know," Ginny warned him teasingly. "If he's really from the old guard, and I suspect he is, he'll at least want one spare, if not two."

Blaise couldn't stop grinning, and Pansy couldn't keep her hands off of him.

"Now that they're paired off for the rest of eternity," Draco began dryly, "What's going on with you and Percy?" he asked Millicent. She turned a shade of pink that Pansy used to wear, and couldn't meet his gaze. She mumbled something. "What was that?"

"He's taking me to the game next week, all right?" she snapped at him. "In public. In front of everyone and his parents. I have to meet his parents." Millicent suddenly turned frightened eyes at Ginny. "It's one thing to see them at that ball before, but I didn't have to really talk to them then. Now I have to meet them!"

She wanted to laugh, but knew that it was something Draco dreaded as well. "They're really not that bad," she said, raising her hands in a defensive gesture. "Really. They're good people, very protective of us."

"Exactly! And here I am, Slytherin as they come, and Percy dropping all those family dinners to spend time with me every night."

Ginny burst out laughing, shaking her head. "Millie, we want him gone. Merlin, you have no idea how many times Mum's tried to introduce him to some young neighborhood witch only to have it go horribly wrong because he's such a stuffed shirt."

"But he's not," Millicent protested hotly. "He's so sweet, and he's such a good kisser..."

"Percy?!" Ginny cried disbelievingly. "That priss?" She shook her head. "Oh, don't tell me. This is not something I need to be hearing about my own brother."

Draco snickered. "Seems awfully perverse if you ask me."

"Oi, shut it," Ginny admonished, swatting his arm. "You're not helping matters!" She really didn't want to picture Millicent and Percy doing any of the things that she and Draco did in bed. Or out of bed. Or with food or possessions or any of the other wicked things she and Draco had tried together.

Millicent took one look at Ginny's disgusted expression and burst into laughter. "Sometimes, it's good to be an only child. There's no way to be embarrassed like this."

"Now was Heather supposed to join us here today?" Draco asked, smoothly changing the subject.

"She said she'd try to gather up a few more names as alternates for the game," Ginny informed them. "Honestly, I think we have more than enough people to play now. Vi and Horace thought they might stop by today as well. They haven't been to any Muggle cafés before, and they thought this might be a good place to start."

"Did you see that Minister Howe signed up to play Beater on your team?" Millicent asked, leaning forward to snatch up a biscuit. "And there's two junior members of the Ministry that are supposedly going to be promoted who signed up to play on Viola's team."

"I still say Draco should've signed up to play Seeker," Pansy drawled. She noticed Heather walk into the shop and waved her over to where they were.

The discussion quickly turned to the upcoming exposition match. It was only until later did Ginny realize that no one had actually talked about politics or the upcoming opening of the legislature. Besides the financial reforms, a new set of anti-discriminatory laws was planned to be discussed. It had been penned by Minister Howe and countersigned by several other high ranking Ministers. Fragglethorpe had quietly announced his retirement the day before, hoping to head off any untoward gossip about his love life. Someone had tipped off the Prophet that he was visiting expensive male escorts, and rumors were starting to circulate that tax money might be involved in their payment. Millicent's friend had been brave enough to begin the setup and arrange to have pictures taken, and Fragglethorpe didn't want any of them published. It would ruin his reputation as well as the spirit of his extended family. A quiet retirement forestalled the necessity of a trashy expose in the Prophet.

Ginny had to admit, she was starting to get excited about the exposition match. It was going to be quite a different game of Quidditch than the one she was used to. The players involved would be much more relaxed and wouldn't have the pressure of trying to help the owner make mortgage payments on a dilapidated estate. The fun in the game would be back, and she could see the professionals all trying to showboat a bit. Instead of being fast and sleek, they could twirl about and show off their skills with flair. It would also take some of the slack off of the Ministry volunteers and socialites that had signed up.

Percy and Arthur hadn't discussed any other laws that were being discussed prior to the autumn legislature. They were pushing the financial reforms as hard as they could, though the summer made it difficult to tell if any of their ideas were being accepted. Ginny couldn't tell if they were pushing too hard or were being too subtle about it. With the legislature reopening soon, she was sure that they would find out.

For a change, Draco wasn't scheduled to come over in the evening. She had sent Hermione an owl, but her sister-in-law was busy with something mysterious and Ministry Related; Ginny's mind had provided the appropriate capitalizations for importance. Apparently it was something that involved Ron as well, as he wasn't in his office at the Ministry. Heather had a blind date scheduled with some distant fifth cousin of Horace's that no one expected to go well, least of all Horace. Still, it set his aunt's mind at ease that this cousin had a date with a pretty young witch, and that was all that mattered. Ginny didn't even ask if Viola and Horace had plans that might involve a third (in the non-kinky variety, thankyouverymuch) because of the lovey-dovey looks they were giving each other. Millicent seemed to be busy, and Pansy and Blaise were no doubt planning to shag each other rotten now that they were given a formal blessing.

I wish I could be out in public with him, she thought morosely. Everyone else was paired off and able to go about in any Wizarding shop or event they liked. No one needed to hide their feelings for fear of public opinion or tarnished reputations. No one else needed to pretend that everything was purely platonic when half the time she was sorely tempted to kiss those sarcastic lips in front of everyone.

Rather than pout, Ginny decided to curl up on her couch with a book she had meant to read for weeks. It wasn't anything political or financial in nature, but a simple fast-paced action story about an Auror falling in love with the suspect she was tracking. She had been so busy over the summer that she had let her mindless summer reading lapse. Ginny easily fell into the story, finishing the book in one sitting.

It was nice to sit back and relax in her own flat for a change.
***
It was the cheering that got to her every time.

Ginny could hear the cheering from the crowd; the stadium was full and the broadcast on the wireless had booked every available commercial slot. There were plenty of announcements that the exposition game was to benefit Helping Hands and the war orphans, which made Ginny immensely proud. It was Heather's idea, and it only proved that the charity could be so much more than just a cover for political whispering. While the atmosphere was much more laid back than professional Quidditch, the cheering had the same intensity.

She grinned at her teammates, bouncing on the balls of her feet. Even the Ministers seemed to be caught up in the growing excitement, everyone antsy to begin. They had spent the past week practicing at Nathan Puddlemere's home field. The opposing team had spent the past week practicing at some park that wasn't ideally shaped. They had a ragtag set of brooms and their gear didn't match, but their enthusiasm was infectious. Everyone was ready to play, with the promise of a good cause backing them up.

The announcer introduced both teams as they proceeded onto the field, each player waving in response to the cheers. Draco had said he would wave a red flag edged in green, which were the colors of her exposition team. The other team was playing in blue and yellow; neither needed to comment on how familiar the colors seemed to be. Out of the corner of her eye, Ginny caught a waving green and red flag and could only grin wider. He couldn't exactly run behind the bleachers to look for her after the game, but he could give her whatever support he could. Draco had also cryptically said he had made some friends in her honor, but wouldn't elaborate. Ginny could only assume it was something political in nature.

"I can see why professional Quidditch has such a draw," Michael Howe told her, some measure of awe in his voice. He seemed like a nice enough fellow, but Ginny could see why Hermione considered him a spineless wimp of a Minister. There was something just a little bit hesitant about him, especially considering that he had signed up to play Beater. He wasn't aggressive enough in their practice sessions and seemed just a little too soft spoken in conversation. He was definitely the type to be pushed about by someone with more presence, even someone so patently wrong as Fragglethorpe had been. After being around him for the past week, Ginny could see Amelia Howe as the driving force in their marriage.

Ginny smiled at him beatifically. "It's the crowd. There's so much energy in the room, you can't help but feel as if you're going to make a dozen scores."

All the players were poised on the field, awaiting the umpire's starting whistle. Once it went off, they kicked off the ground and began to zoom into the air. There was something about the grace of flying, the thrill of the chase after the quaffle and the slim chance of seeing the snitch whiz past her vision that never failed to set Ginny's adrenaline to pumping. The crowd was nothing more than a blur in her peripheral vision, the roaring of their cheers a dim thrumming sound under the beat of her blood. She spun into a spiral feint to throw off Ginger Freesia, an up and coming starlet that Heather had recruited through a mutual acquaintance. Ginger looked pretty on a broom but certainly had no finesse in handling it. Ginny spun past her easily and streaked across the sky toward the quaffle.

She leaned across her broom, arm extended, back arched and hair flying out of its braid behind her. The wind whistled past her ears, and she was all grins. This was the best part of the game, the initial rush of chasing the balls and looking for that first score. It was hard to explain the thrill of this rush, the way the endorphins kicked on and she could suddenly feel everything around her with a sharp clarity. There was no Ginny with a past here, no future to worry about, only an everpresent now that moved from one fluid moment to the next to the next. She existed on impulse and instinct, the broom exquisitely sensitive to her every whim. She moved in the air with an eerie grace born of hours of practice and painstaking attention to detail. Before pulling out a new move during a game, she practiced endlessly on the field first.

Ginny was the first to catch the quaffle and race toward the blue and yellow rings across the field. She flew into a barrel roll, spinning faster and faster as she went. She feinted to the left, avoiding the bludger that the opposing team had sent her way. It caught one of the other two chasers on her team, sending the poor bloke into a tailspin. Now zig-zagging across the field, she dove hard and then came up sharply just to the right of the beater that had tried to bat the bludger at her. Ginny blinked to see that it was Marcus Flint, then spun in a circle around him before racing forward to fly at their keeper. She tossed the quaffle through the rightmost ring, and heard the bell tolling the goal. First point.

Marcus seemed to have it in for her after that, making sure that every time he hit the bludger with his bat, it went whizzing in her direction. Ginny took care to fly too high or low for the bludger to connect; she had already taken quite a few hits and didn't care to get another broken bone. Her mother was bad enough with injuries like that, but she was sure that Draco would become completely mental if she was hurt.

Michael Howe might have been a completely lackluster but well-meaning Minister and a fair player during practice, but he seemed to have risen to the occasion. He connected with the bludger more often, even once sending it right at Marcus' head. Ginny could swear that she saw the Minister grinning like a loon at the filthy invectives Marcus sent his way.

Cheers went up as the scores crept up. Ginny snagged another three goals, and the other chasers snagged a few in their own right. The opposition, full of talent as they were, couldn't seem to catch up to the momentum Ginny had built up with her first score.

The celebrity keeper on Ginny's team was easy on the eyes and apparently way too easy on the opposition. Before long, the lead she had helped to build was lost. Irritated, Ginny began to ease into her professional style. Yes, this wasn't a professional game. Yes, this was for a charity. Yes, this wasn't exactly a game that would go onto her official stat listings. Still, she liked to win and she absolutely hated to lose to sore players like Marcus Flint. True, Viola was on the other team and she would play just as hard once she picked up on Ginny's style. It was a risk she was willing to take in order to win.

She was a Weasley, dammit, and Quidditch was holy. You didn't lose at Quidditch if you could help it, and she was a really sore loser when it all came down to it.

With flashes of red and green all along her peripheral vision, Ginny sped across the sky in a rapid arc of broom and Weasley hair. She made a few feints to throw off the opposition's chasers that were following her, and she tucked into a loop that made even her head spin. Hurtling out of the loop into the open blue sky, her breath caught at the absolutely beauty of the afternoon. She hung suspended in air for a fraction of a second, then began plummeting toward the ground in a sharp descent. Ginny pulled up at the last moment and raced toward the opposition's seeker, catching sight of the quaffle hovering a few feet behind him. She arced around his startled face, laughing all the while, and scooped up the quaffle. Ducking the bludgers, she zoomed across the field at a low altitude. Most of the players were high above her, their shadows falling over her bent back. The opposing chasers were diving now, hoping to drive her back up into the air and into the paths of their beaters. Ginny tucked herself tightly against her broom, eyes narrowing slightly behind her goggles as she judged the distance to the opposition's keeper. She began her ascent, pulling up sharply.

From out of nowhere, a bludger crashed into her left shoulder. She could feel the bones shatter on impact, sending her spinning.

Gasping for breath, she pulled at her broom with her right arm. If she hadn't been tucked up so securely against her broom, she would have lost the quaffle in her spin. She could hear the crowd kick itself up into a frenzy, and she knew it was because the umpire hadn't cried foul or called for an injury pause. She grit her teeth against the shoulder pain that was threatening to overwhelm her. Just a regular sports injury, she told herself, sounding an awful lot like her team's owner. Take it and keep going, get the score!

She needed one of her fellow chasers to help smack the quaffle through the rings with the tail of his broom. "You need to quit!" he shouted at her, pointing at her limp left arm.

"Never!" Ginny shouted back. She grinned even though she was dizzy and desperately wanted to curl up on her bed at home with a pain tonic. She was a Weasley, dammit, and she was a professional Quidditch player. She wasn't down for the count yet.

Teeth grit so tight her jaws hurt, Ginny continued to zoom like a madwoman across the field. She could see the red and green flag every time she passed Draco, could see the pale blur of his face that had to be etched with concern. He was going to be horrible, she knew, yet she couldn't think of that yet. Her team was almost caught up, the snitch was still out there and both seekers didn't seem to be able to find it.

Ginny could see Viola's concerned face spin past her, but ignored it as she continued to scan for the quaffle. The other two chasers on her team seemed to be picking up her slack, and two more goals were earned in short succession. Ginny spun around in a lazy circle, trying to figure out how she could help the team even without her left arm. She was getting dizzy; no doubt the pain was starting to get to her. The umpire still hadn't seemed to notice her arm dangling uselessly out of its shattered socket despite some members of the crowd trying to point it out. Ah, well, part of the danger with Quidditch...

A sliver of gold flitted past her head. She tracked it past her and watched as it descended in a graceful arc into the center of the field. Neither seeker saw it.

Ginny streaked across the field toward her team's seeker. Nearly tumbling from her broom, she caught the startled seeker. "Over there!" she cried, trying desperately not to point and lose control of her broom. "The snitch!"

The poor seeker kicked into a hard chase after it. Ginny flew overhead to try and block the other seeker's view, but he wasn't that dim. The two seekers were diving down after the tiny golden ball, and Ginny pulled up and out of the descent. She managed to catch the quaffle against her chest with her limp arm, nearly screaming from the effort. She lobbed it at her fellow chasers, who promptly tossed it through the hoops. The other team wasn't even trying to play anymore, their chasers and beaters all trying to see who would win the contest to grab the snitch first. Both seekers were neck and neck, racing for the snitch as fast as they could fly, arms outstretched and reaching as far as they could.

"Come on!" she shouted, even though the seeker couldn't hear her. "Get the snitch!"

But the other seeker's hand closed around the tiny golden ball, and the game was over.

As far as the game play went, it had been a spectacular blend of showy moves and hard dives, which Ginny loved. She didn't enjoy the grinding feeling of bone against bone in her shoulder, or the dumbfounded look on the umpire's face when he realized that he never called such a serious injury. She managed not to growl at the poor man, who wasn't a professional umpire in the least, and had managed to gracefully descend from her broom even though she would have much rather collapsed into a boneless heap. She was whisked away to the medics standing at the ready, though at the time no one had thought anyone would need them.

Ginny caught sight of Viola berating Marcus Flint, her face nearly purple with her anger. Marcus didn't even look contrite, which was probably making Viola even angrier. She couldn't make out Draco's pale face in the stands anymore, but that was probably just as well. Once the pain potions were poured into her system, she didn't want to say something silly or stupid that would give them away.

"That was amazing," Michael Howe told her, once her shoulder was seen to and the potions were liberally dosed. "It was such a brave thing, to play through that injury."

Ginny saw everything through the wonderful haze of pain medication, and she had much kinder thoughts about him now. She smiled at him and waved. "Ah, this could've been so much worse, Minister. I'll live to play another day. Luckily, you weren't injured. You can attend the legislature opening without any difficulties."

He grimaced at her. "It's hardly any fun, Miss Weasley."

She made an inelegant snorting sound that would horrify her later. "Tsk. You're running the government, aren't you? It's work, not play. Time to pull up the boot strings and do the job that they voted you in for, eh?"

Startled, Howe could only stare at her. "What?"

Ginny blithely smiled at him. "Government's hard work, yeah? Harder'n Quidditch, certainly, but pain potions are nice." She giggled at that, and he stared at her in concern now. "But there's all sorts about pushing and pulling and yelling and whatnot, aren't they? Dad certainly says it's stressful. And summer's all but gone now, yeah? Time to work again."

He blinked and nodded. "You're absolutely right, Miss Weasley."

Brows creasing in concern, Ginny looked up at him. "I hope I'm healed up in time for the season. It would be a shame if I couldn't play because of an exposition game."

Howe gave a startled bark of laughter and shook his head. "You will never cease to amaze me, Miss Weasley. Good luck and a speedy recovery."

"Oh, thanks. And you, too," Ginny replied cheerfully. She watched as the Minister left with a confused look on his face. She decided to walk on over to her teammates, and managed it with only a minimum of stumbling. It wasn't her fault that the ground wasn't where it was supposed to be, tilting at some crazy odd angle.

The rest of the evening passed in a blur after that. Considering that it included some yelling about her reckless behavior from Molly and Arthur Weasley as well as Viola, Draco and Pansy, Ginny considered it no loss at all. The pain medication even made losing the exposition match tolerable, which she would never admit when sober.

My, pain medication was a wonderful thing.
***
***