Drew tried not to think about the house in the middle of nowhere in relation to any Stephen King novels she might have read at some point in her life. She tried not to think about just how rustic chic is seemed and just how well Cammie fit into that. Time...she just told herself she needed time to get used to it, which, of course, meant that she was telling herself there would be time and that she wanted to get used to it. And with Cammie, that was opening a whole new can of worms. Instead, she focused on unpacking, putting things away in the places Cammie indicated, and she grinned thinking of the images that had come to mind when she had been putting the content of the suitcase together. And as Cammie came back into the room, returning from a phone call from her sister, she looked up, smirking. "I almost forgot...I have a surprise for you."

"You do?" Cammie smiled. It made her ridiculously happy to see Drew in her room, putting her things into drawers that she had only cleaned out the day before to make room. It let her pretend that she could be normal for a week or two, not having to flinch at the slightest innuendo, not having to watch her every move. Coming back to Wyoming was always relaxing, at least in some ways, but having Drew around, even though she had only been there for the length of the drive, was making it even better. "Annie wants us to come over for supper later."

"Your sister?" Drew asked, cocking her head. "Okay." She couldn't help but have a half skeptical, half terrified look on her face. Cammie hadn't really discussed her family and what they did and didn't know. "How much time until then?" she asked.

Cammie checked her watch. "They eat early, but we've got a couple of hours." She went over to Drew and wrapped her arms around her, still reveling in having the freedom to do so.

"Great..." Drew smiled and breathed in her scent, finally letting herself relax. But she only kissed Cammie quickly before pulling away. "That should be enough time."

"Time for what?" Cammie asked playfully, trying to follow Drew and being rebuffed. "What's this surprise and just how much am I going to regret it?"

"Regret it?" Drew scoffed and rolled her eyes in mock dismay as she snatched some things out of her bag and headed to the bathroom. "Who regrets surprises?" she called over her shoulder as she shut the door behind her. It had been an afterthought--something she threw into the bag at the last minute. But she hadn't given much thought to how Cammie might react, and now, she was hoping that it would be good.

"Politicians." Cammie smirked. "Isn't it some sort of axiom? Always know the answer to the question before you ask it?" She leaned against the frame of the closed bathroom door. "What are you doing in there?"

Drew opened the door quickly and smirked as she put her hands on her hips. She'd flown out in simple black sweatpants and a sweater, but now she was wearing jeans and one of Taylor's fitted campaign tees. She had decided that Abbie's special order should be doubled, and it certainly hadn't gone to waste during the campaign. Sleepless nights, hurried dinners, too many drinks...and she'd still found time to impress a few girls in outfits just like this one. She leaned forward for a kiss, wondering just when Cammie would notice the bulge her jeans covered.

"You flew all this way to surprise me with a Democratic campaign tee-shirt?" Cammie chuckled and pulled Drew into her arms. "I hope you're not planning on wearing that to dinner." If she did and didn't die from exposure, Annie might try to kill her. They didn't always get along, but sometimes she could get touchy if anyone even hinted at insulting her little sister.

"That's not the surprise..." Drew said, still smirking as she pressed into Cammie. The shirt was just meant to tease her a little it, to keep her distracted.

"Oh..." Cammie's eyes widened and her breath caught as she pressed back against Drew. "I... Wow, that's definitely a surprise." She wasn't exactly sure how she felt about it, but she had to admit that there was something very appealing about the way it felt, pressed against her pelvis.

"Mmhm," Drew murmured before she kissed Cammie softly, pressing into her and pushing her back. "What do you think?"

"I, um," Cammie swallowed and tightened her grip on Drew. "I think it's been way too long since I've seen you and that I don't know how I managed to let you finish unpacking before I dragged you into bed." And if she had any other misgivings, she pushed them aside.

"Oh..." Drew raked her fingers through Cammie's hair, smirking as she leaned closer, their lips touching. "So are you going to drag me to bed now?"

"Uh huh." Cammie kissed Drew fiercely and pulled her back toward the bed, falling backwards when it the back of her knees and dragging Drew down on top of her. Then she flipped them over, staring down at Drew with an intensity that she didn't know she was capable of. "You look good in my bed." She was already pushing Drew's shirt up, but she abandoned it in favor of unfastening her jeans and pulling the dildo out. With another hard kiss, she unbuttoned her own jeans and shimmied out of them. If they were going to do this, Cammie wasn't going to wait.

The intensity, the urgency surprised Drew, but she didn't let it throw her off for more than a moment. She kissed Cammie back, just as hard, as she thrust her hips upward, pushing the dildo against Cammie's hips. She pushed the brunette's shirt up and pulled it off, quickly unfastening her bra, wanting to touch her skin. "I'm glad this was a good surprise," she murmured.

"Yeah." Cammie slid up Drew's body and guided the dildo inside herself, slowly pressing down onto it and closer to Drew. She had to go slower than she would have liked, wincing slightly at the unfamiliar sensation. She wanted to be closer than she was, but there was only so much she could do about that as she leaned forward and kissed Drew.

"You okay?" Drew asked, smirk leaving her face when she saw Cammie wince. She gently ran her fingers down the brunette's sides, trying to sooth her with her touch. "It's okay...go slow..."

"I'm good." Cammie slid up a little before she tried again, pushing herself onto the dildo much more slowly this time. "I'm just... it's been a long time." She hated that she had to keep making excuses to Drew, as if she already didn't feel inadequate enough. She pressed closer before everything just blossomed into pain and she pulled away completely, getting off of Drew and rolling away.

"Cammie!" Drew had seen a flash of pain on her face, and she sat up quickly, pulling Cammie into her arms. "Shit...I'm sorry...it's okay..." she said, stroking her hair. "It's okay...I didn't think..."

Cammie sighed and pressed herself into Drew's arms. "It's my fault." One more thing that she just wasn't good enough at. "Maybe we should just... try again later." Not that she thought the result would be any different.

"Whatever you want," Drew said softly. She tried to keep the disappointment out of her voice. This only reminded her just what she was facing with Cammie, just what she'd been trying to avoid thinking about. But she held her placed a soft kiss on her lips, resigning herself to the fact that she cared about more than just the sex.

"Yeah," Cammie signed again and rested her head on Drew's shoulder. "I'm sorry. I hate that I have to keep apologizing to you."

"Then stop apologizing to me," Drew said suddenly. She sat up and looked down at Cammie seriously. "I don't need you to...I don't know why you do it."

"Because I feel inadequate!" Cammie hadn't meant to say it out loud. "Damn it." She sat up and got out of the bed, looking for her clothing and trying to pull it back on, though her frustration was making it harder than it needed to be.

"Cammie!" Drew rolled out of bed and stood, quickly unbuckling the harness. "Stop it just..." She grabbed the brunette by the shoulders firmly and forced her to stop and look into her eyes. "What the hell is going on?"

"I..." Cammie tried to pull away but Drew wouldn't let her. "I just..." Even if she couldn't get away, it didn't make admitting to her fears any easier. "I don't exactly have a lot of experience in the bedroom, and I don't want you to regret coming out here." Or deciding to sleep with her at all, which Cammie thought was a distinct possibility. She knew that she already disappointed Drew in so many ways, she didn't want to compound it.

The corners of Drew's lips twitched as she tried to suppress her urge to smile. She took Cammie by the elbows and gently led her back to the bed, where she sat, pulling Cammie down beside her. "Well, you know...practice makes perfect..." She couldn't hold back the smile. It seemed like such a silly fear. If Drew didn't enjoy herself, she certainly wouldn't be there.

Cammie didn't smile back. "Drew, don't make fun of me, please." She looked down. Maybe this wasn't the best idea. Maybe she never should have started having sex with Drew in the first place. She was only going to end up hurt and alone anyway. She was just prolonging the inevitable, making it worse whenever it did happen.

"I'm not," Drew said quickly. She gently caressed Cammie's cheek and turned her face so they met eyes again. "Cammie, I'm not...really. I just...I just don't understand why you think I'm disappointed. I wouldn't be here...I wouldn't get up way too damn early every morning to leave your place if I was, okay?"

Cammie nodded, but still couldn't help but wonder just how long that would last. "Okay." She leaned in for a gentle kiss. "Do you think that we could just... lie here for a little bit?" She just wanted to have Drew close, wanted to be able to forget about everything else.

"Anything you want," Drew replied even as she was pulling Cammie back into her arms. What did she want? She didn't think it was this--to be settled, to actually be happy with one person while having to hide it all. But there she was...in the middle of nowhere with Cammie in her arms.