The moment he regained consciousness, the first thing Harry became aware of was a throbbing sensation in his skull, right above his eyes, like he’d hit his head hard, and he could only assume that was precisely what he had done.

He quite vividly remembered a door, a corridor, a forbidden room, endless blue coming towards him at neck-breaking speed, and…

Draco? Tom?

Harry’s eyes snapped open in realisation, but he was quickly forced to shut them again, startled by the painful brightness of what looked like artificial infirmary lights.

’Am I in the hospital wing?’ he wondered warily. And if so, did this mean their plan had failed?

“Damn,” he cursed under his breath.

“Harry?” a soft female voice said. “Harry, are you awake? Can you hear me, darling?”

Truthfully, he wanted nothing more than to completely ignore her, but still, something about the way she spoke beckoned him, made him want to pay attention and respond, almost as if not doing so wasn’t an option to him, even though he couldn’t explain why.

He opened his eyes once again, very slowly this time, squinting against that bright, merciless light that seemed to be out to get him.

A pale, slender hand gave him his glasses. He eagerly put them on and as the world finally swirled into focus, the first thing he saw were a pair of green eyes exactly like his own.

Then he noticed long, red hair and a friendly face that was uncannily familiar, albeit slightly older than he’d seen it on photographs. Harry gulped.

“M-M-Mum?” he blurted out, unable to believe what—or rather whom—he was seeing.

“So you are awake,” she said, looking relieved. “Thank Merlin.”

“Yes,” he replied, struggling to find his voice. “Bu-But where am I? What happened?”

“There was a most unfortunate mishap in Potions,” she explained gently. “Poor Neville’s cauldron exploded again, quite brutally this time, and sadly you and Draco were the ones sitting the closest to it.”

“Draco!” Harry exclaimed, attempting to sit up. “Where is he? How is he? He’s all right, isn’t he?”

“Calm down, sweetheart. Please, don’t fret. Draco’s fine. He regained consciousness three days ago. He should be here shortly. Severus has gone to fetch him. We noticed you blinking, so we were hoping you’d wake up soon...”

Severus? Frowning, Harry filed that away for later processing. “How long was I out for?” he asked.

“A little over three weeks. We were all getting quite worried about you, love. Every single member of Slytherin House must have paid you a visit at one time or another, friends coming and going at all hours. Hermione was here every day too, along with that other Ravenclaw girl—Luna, I believe her name is. And you know”—-she gave him a conspiratorial grin— “even the Gryffindors were getting concerned.”

“Slytherin?” Harry blinked. He didn’t understand, not on any level, what was going on here, and the seemingly never-ending, ever-growing confusion really didn’t help the hammering in his head either. “Do I have a lot of friends in Slytherin, then?” he asked.

“Oh, you poor thing,” another female voice cut in. Harry looked the blonde woman who was standing behind his mum up and down, and somewhere through the haze, he recognised her as Narcissa Malfoy. “You’re such a sweet, charming boy,” she went on. “Of course you have a lot of friends amongst your Housemates, whatever makes you think you don’t?”

“I-I’m in Slytherin?” he blurted out.

“Oh, Lily, this is worse than I thought!” Narcissa remarked worriedly. “The poor dear doesn’t even recall which House he belongs to.”

“At least he still remembers his boyfriend, Cissa.”

“B-B-Boyfriend?” Harry’s clarity of mind and eloquence clearly weren’t getting any better with time.

“Draco,” Narcissa offered helpfully. “You just mentioned him. He’s your boyfriend. Oh dear, he’s going to be ever so upset if you have no recollection of that either.”

“Um, no. I mean, yes,” Harry replied. “Yes, of course I remember him, and that he’s my… erm… boyfriend.”

Harry inhaled sharply. So he and Draco were an item here, and their relationship was common knowledge as well, apparently. That was one thing, at least, even if he was also in Slytherin (Good Lord!), but the question remained: what about Tom, and what about…

“Ah, here they are,” Lily said with a wide smile. “Severus, Draco, Harry’s awake. He did, however, have to be reminded that you’re his boyfriend, Draco, and that after all the trouble he originally went through to win your attention as well. ” She shook her head in amusement.

Harry watched as the familiar young man moved closer to his bed, and he couldn’t help but gulp at the sight.

Draco looked rather… different. He was slim, but not as skinny as he’d been back home. His face looked healthy, too, with none of the gauntness from before. His hair, meanwhile, was slightly longer and tied back in a ponytail, and his grey eyes shone and sparkled with blatant relief and genuine happiness.

Briefly, fear gripped at Harry’s heart. Was this actually the Draco he remembered, the Draco he knew, or some otherworld counterpart? And where the hell was Tom?

“How are you feeling?” Draco asked softly. He sat down on the bed and took Harry’s hand.

“I, er… I’m fine, I guess.”

“What’s the last thing you remember?”

Harry bit his lip and after a few moments’ consideration, he decided to risk the truth. If Draco didn’t know what he was talking about, he’d just put it all down to confusion or amnesia or something else along those lines.

“A bright blue light in the corridor,” Harry replied softly. “Right after you’d disappeared into that room.”

Just for the briefest of moments, more relief was visible in Draco’s facial expression. “You know, there was a Potions accident, Harry,” he said carefully. “An explosion. We were both knocked unconscious.”

“Yes. Mum told me.”

“Come now, Draco. I’m sure you’ve missed the boy, but give him some space. He still needs to rest and from what I can tell, his mind appears at least as muddled as yours was those first few hours after waking.”

It was Severus Snape who spoke those words, and he, too, looked different. Harry decided that it was mostly his hair, which was clean and shiny like he’d never seen it, and the man’s usually sallow complexion had a healthy glow to it. Harry frowned. Snape looked quite… human like this and on the whole, Harry couldn’t help but find that a rather disconcerting sight.

“Do you require anything, Harry?” the man enquired helpfully. “A migraine potion, perhaps?”

Harry’s knee-jerk reaction would have been to refuse, but he had to admit that the pain was almost unbearable and besides, this Snape seemed rather friendly and genuinely concerned for his wellbeing.

“I’d be very grateful, Professor,” Harry replied. “Something to get rid of this dreadful headache would definitely help.”

“Professor?” The man chuckled, a sound that startled Harry once more. “We’re not in class presently; no need to call me that here, Harry.”

“Then what-”

“Is this amount of memory loss normal, Severus?” Lily asked with a worried frown. “Draco seemed a lot less confused when he first woke up.”

Snape placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. “We’d best ask Poppy to run some extra tests later, just to make absolutely certain no permanent damage has been done.”

Lily nodded.

“I-Is dad here, too?” Harry asked, which unexpectedly caused Draco to flinch.

“Your father will be in later,” Lily said, sounding quite formal all of a sudden.

“Provided he’s sober,” Snape added darkly.

Harry blinked. Sober? The way Draco was squeezing his hand indicated that something was clearly amiss, and whatever it was, it probably had something to do with James Potter.

“Oh,” Harry said dumbly, and decided not to press the issue. Hopefully Draco would explain later.

Snape swept out into the corridor and swiftly headed towards the infirmary office to notify the nurse.

“Lily and I are just going downstairs to have a bite to eat,“ Narcissa said. “Meanwhile, you boys can catch up. It’s wonderful to see you awake, Harry dear. No doubt Lucius will be pleased, too.”

“Bye,” Harry said weakly.

“Do try to get some rest too, though, won’t you, Harry?” Lily urged. “You’ll still have all the time in the world to talk as much as you want to later, when you’re feeling a bit better.”

The two women left the room and once they’d closed the door behind them, Harry emitted a long breath. “What the fuck is this place?” he said sharply, his head reeling from more than simply pain at this point.

Draco chuckled. “Welcome to Hogwarts in 1998, Harry, but not as we remember it.”

“Wait. So we’re in seventh year?”

“Indeed, albeit it a very different seventh year.”

“Yeah, I’ve er- noticed that.”

“Care to venture a guess as to what’s missing?” Draco grinned. “I’ll give you a hint: it’s something rather important.”

“Quidditch?” It was a lame response, Harry had to admit, but embarrassingly enough, it was also the first thing that sprang to mind.

“No. Not quite.” Draco took his wand out of his robe pocket and Transfigured a paper cup into a mirror. “Take a look for yourself, Harry.”

Harry frowned, and when he caught sight of his own reflection, he couldn’t help but gasp. There was no sign of a lightning bolt scar. So not only were his parents alive… “Voldemort!” he all but yelled.

“Never rose to power,” Draco said plainly.

“Bloody hell!” Harry sank back into his pillows. “So what… What else? And where’s Tom? Is he…?”

Draco smiled. “He’s fine. I’ll explain it all in detail later, Potter, much later. First, you really should get some more sleep, you know. You’ve been sent into another dimension. It’s pretty taxing on one’s system.”

“Sometimes I remember something, or I think I do, but I also know the thing I remember didn’t actually happen,” Harry remarked, suddenly realising something. “Unless it did over here…”

“Yes, you’ll experience a lot of that over the next few days. Confusing as hell, but at least it’ll help bring you up to speed pretty quickly.”

Harry frowned. “When I first came to King’s Cross to board the Hogwarts Express,” he said uncertainly, “I saw you standing on the Platform and I decided you were going to be my friend.”

“Really? And why was that?”

Harry blushed. “Um, I thought you were the cutest thing I’d ever seen.”

Draco laughed in a carefree way Harry had never seen him laugh before. “Of course I was. Now get some more sleep, Potter. You need it.”

Harry dozed off before he could protest.

“So, how’s he taking it?”

“Not too badly. He’s pretty confused, but not terribly shaken up, as far as I can tell.”

“Did he scream when he learned the truth about Snape? Or faint? I expect that must have been a fairly… memorable moment.”

“Um, honestly, I don’t think he knows about that yet. I certainly didn’t tell him.”

“I can hear you, you know,” the boy on the bed cut in. “So what is it about Snape?”

Harry opened his eyes and readjusted his glasses. He smiled widely when it registered with him who the third person in the room actually was.

“Hello, Harry. Missed me?”

Harry tried to act casual, just for a moment, but soon decided, Sod it. Not caring about the onslaught of dizziness that was bound to follow, he bolted upright and threw his arms around Tom’s neck.

“Yes,” he replied, his voice shaking with emotion. “I was dead worried when I woke up, about the both of you. So, er—we, the three of us, we’re together and… well… we’re okay, aren’t we?”

“Yes,” Tom said and kissed Harry’s unblemished forehead. “Apparently, I showed up right after the explosion. Or rather, I reappeared, because it seems someone bearing my name and fitting my description went missing without a trace some time in the forties. Does that sound familiar to anyone here?” He grinned meaningfully.

“Wow,” Harry said. “So, it looks like we did it?”

“Yes, it would appear so.”

Harry smiled brightly. His head was reeling from the surrealism of it all, but still, he couldn’t be happier, because with the way things had turned out, everything was absolutely perfect.

Everything.

Except…

“B-But, er…“ Remembering something, he pulled back slightly, releasing Tom. “What were you two saying just now? Something about Snape?”

“Ah yes. Snape.“ Tom grinned in a way that could only be described as positively devious. “Go on, Draco, tell him. He has to find out sooner or later, and it would be even more awkward if he were to hear it from the man himself.”

“Right.” Draco cleared his throat. “Harry,” he said in the most neutral tone he could manage, “Severus Snape is your stepfather. Your parents divorced, on not terribly amicable terms, a week after your third birthday, and your mother remarried a good year later. Your father, meanwhile…”

“Yes?” Harry asked hesitantly and held his breath in fearful anticipation.

Draco smiled apologetically. “I’m sad to say that James Potter is presently living with Sirius Black, and… er…“

“And he definitely means that in the biblical sense,” Tom supplied helpfully.

Harry’s eyes grew wide as saucers. “Snap-Si-Da-Bibli-What?!” he spluttered.

Draco smiled sheepishly and shrugged. “Sorry, Potter. Nothing to do with me.”

Harry swallowed hard and tried to gather his bearings.

So his father was involved with his godfather (was that even legally permitted, he wondered vaguely?), while his mother (Godric-on-a-stick!) was now Mrs Severus Snape, wife to the one and only Potions Master who, back home, had hated Harry with the passion of a thousand flaming cauldrons.

Harry took a deep, calming breath.

All right, he told himself, so maybe things weren’t quite that perfect around here, not by a long shot, but they could have been far worse, couldn’t they? Life could still be considered… adequate, couldn’t it?

All of a sudden, Harry felt rather faint.

“Come here, you,” Tom said, sensing the boy’s distress and pulling him into a fierce hug. “It’s not the end of the world. We’re safe and we’re together, and your parents are alive. Granted, they’re not without their flaws, but then, who is? This is real life, Harry, not some fairytale.”

“I’m sure you’ve noticed,” Draco interjected with a small smile, “that my parents are here, too. They’re doing very well, and father… He’s far kinder than I remember him.”

With that, Draco joined in the embrace and finally, Harry had to admit that Tom was right.

His parents were alive. So were Sirius and probably Cedric, Dumbledore, Nott, Crabbe, and all the others. He needn’t worry about a Dark Lord here, and of course, he had Draco and Tom, the two unlikely people he had grown to love and who had changed his life in more ways than he could count.

Harry let out a relieved breath and with a wide smile, he finally decided that, taking everything into consideration, things were more, so much more than merely adequate.

This was a future he could live with, a life that had been worth fighting for.