Michael realized how foolish he was being. When Brian proclaimed that his fantasy had "officially" begun, this part wasn't what he had seen in his dream. Four young boys no older than Justin Taylor thinking he was a sweet piece of ass . Nah... no , not remotely similar to his dreams. He walked out from behind Brian to stand by his side, sliding a hand down Brian's arm and threading their fingers together. He liked it when he felt Brian squeeze back. 

"Uhm... would you believe I'm a writer? I'm writing a novel."

Boy 2 : "Yeah, eh, okay... thanks for the lasting imagery then." 

Boy 4 : "A book? Is it going straight to porn?" 

Brian stifled out a loud chuckle. He liked these kids, reminded him of what he and Michael looked like with Ted and Emmett attached.

Boy 1 : "I wish MY fantasies were THAT detailed." 

Boy 3 : "Liberty Avenue is so cool... YOU GUYS... are hella-cool... Babylon is..." 

"LET ME SEE SOME I.D., pretty ladies!" The hefty refrigerator-sized bouncer proclaimed while looking over the new fresh meat.

Brian detached himself from Michael, to sneak on through the four young men. He whipped out his VIP card and Michael's, as well. "Say, Rod... did you ever get that sexual harassment charge expunged from your record?"

Rod "The Bod" began to glare in a mean-like Fairytale Giant kind of fashion. "Are you vouching for these kids, Kinney?"

Brian tucked his hands in his pockets, backing up. "I'm allowed to have family." He chose one of the boys randomly to surround a thin neck with a friendly arm. "See... Chucky, here... he's my cousin's wife's nephew...and his three merry gay men. A bit of harmless fun, is all."

Rod let them in, one at a time. "I thought you was raised by wolves?" He yelled up at Brian as he began climbing the stairs, thinking Michael was behind him.

As Michael passed Rod by to climb up the first step, the beefy arm came out to prevent him from moving further. "When you gonna quit chasing Kinney and find yourself a real man?"

"Like you, Rod?" Michael delicately removed the thick arm from his path. "Uhm... no thanks. I pick brains and beauty over brawn anytime. And... really who's to say I haven't found him." His brown eyes darted up to find Brian looking down at him from the top step. Brian's eyebrows were furrowed with worry, about ready to walk back down.

"You can't be serious?!" Rod moved to brush his burly chest with Michael's rock hard, flat one. "That prissy pretty boy don't know how to treat a beautiful thing such as you." He ran a finger up Michael's neck to grab his chin. "I could give you so much more than Kinney can."

Michael frowned, shaking his head in disagreement, then grabbed Rod's wrist to make him stop touching him. "Rod... you big lumphead, you're too late. Sorry." He pouted for Rod's loss. "But... all these years... who's to say that Brian Kinney wasn't the one chasing me?" He gave him a charming smile, then bypassed Rod to climb up the stairs. He heard the wolf whistle on his way up. He rolled his eyes as he reached Brian's side.

They moved into the foyer/front room where they could drop off their coats.

"Everything alright with The Bod?"

Michael shirked off his jacket, catching a few random eyes looking at his body. "Yeah. You know he can't let me in without making a pass at me." He reached out to grab their coat check ticket, pocketing it.

Brian paused momentarily, letting Michael hit his body. He wrapped an arm about the small waist, hooking his thumb on one belt loop. "And... taking a few jabs at me." He lowered his head, blinking rapidly.

Michael watched the hurt emotions play out on Brian's face. His own arm snaked around Brian's waist. "Relax. It's just the Alpha male gene kicking in. I think he really likes you." He chuckled at Brian's frown. "Or at least... he secretly wants to be you once the Wizard gives him his 'courage'."

Brian was lost in laughter as he pictured Rod "The Bod" in a Cowardly Lion costume. His hand slipped over to soothe Michael's lower lumbar spine. He lifted up the shirt hem to tuck his hand at upper curve of the tight rear. "Don't you think one of me is enough?" He bent his head to nudge his face in Michael's ear.

"Oh... certainly." Michael brought over his free hand to rub over Brian's chest. "Especially if that one is all mine."

"Mmmm... yours..." Brian shifted to suckling at the nape of Michael's neck. "I like the sound of that more... an' more. I can pretty muc-..."

Before Brian could complete his comment in private with Michael, he was interrupted by a well-known blond twink attaching himself to Brian's other side. He grunted with some pain, only because he hadn't expected the tackle to his body. The reason his arm reached out to touch Justin was to balance himself before he fell over. Michael was there to bring him back upright.

"Thanks..." Brian didn't even get to say Michael's name before Justin was attempting to pull him away.

"You made it!" Justin squeezed Brian tight, with one arm. His voice making it seem as if they made some kind of "date" to meet here. “I tried calling the loft to tell you when I'd get here...” He kept his chin on the rounded shoulder joint, possessive arm around Brian. "... then I tried your cell... got your voicemail..."

"That wasn't your first big clue." Michael muttered in Brian's hearing distance. He wanted to let go, but more than anything he wanted to take Justin's arm off of Brian.

Brian snickered, removing his arm from around Justin since he was using Michael as his pillar of strength. He saw blue eyes flash a piercing frustration toward him. "What? It was funny."

"What was?" Justin then looked over Brian's left shoulder to see Michael. "Oh, hey, Mikey..."

Brian cringed from the nickname that was his to use, not anyone else. He cleared his throat, knowing how much Michael disliked when people randomly teased him with the name, making him feel smaller than them.

"... I didn't see you."

"Amazing! Brian, my cloak of 'invisibility' does still work here." Michael blinked in joyous fascination at how pathetic Justin was. He couldn't believe he actually held some credibility to what Justin would say when they walked into Babylon or Woody's. He always made Michael think the worst of Brian. He felt Brian's arm lift to surround his shoulders. Michael reached up to grab Brian's left hand dangling down his arm.

"C'mon, Brian... let's go dance!" Justin wrapped himself around Brian's lone right arm, which was apparently all he was going to get of Brian Kinney tonight. "I like this song."

"You like every song. You're still young enough to have no taste in good music." Brian sighed, wondering when Justin began to not look very appealing to him. "And... you're drunk or you're high. Either way... I decline." He took his arm back, hiding it behind him. "My dance card is full." He bent to rest his brow on Michael's temple.

"Well, then..." Justin crossed arms over his chest, letting Michael "win" this round. “... I'll come find you on the dance floor when I'm ready.” He knew where he was wanted, that Michael could never touch. "Or I can meet you..."

“You look half-past 'ready', now.” Michael decided the only way Justin would buy a clue would be to tell him to his face, by his own words. "Why don't you stop bothering Brian for one night and leave him alone."

"Mikey..." Justin stood to look Michael over. "I like this new you. It almost sexy." He moved up a little, brushing his body with Michael's stationary frame.

"Puh-leez. I wouldn't do you if you were the last twink standing... and you were handing out free blowjobs." Michael pulled out a five dollar bill. "Go to the bar. Get yourself some water. You're dehydrated." He was about ready to turn away, back to Brian, but then Justin didn't get the hint, again.

"I'm fine... Michael." Justin tucked the five dollars in Michael's tight waist band as if he were a stripper. "Thanks, but I already have a father... and a 'sugar daddy'..." He winked over Michael to Brian. "I'll just find you in the backroom, Brian."

"No!" Michael swiveled to push himself against Justin, making him falter on his feet. "... you know what you should really do?"

"What?" Justin had to chuckle, because he felt almost scared a bit. Michael did look different, but it was more in his confidence than anything else.

"Grow up and get your own set of friends."

Justin yanked Michael's hands off him. He stood as tall as he could, but somehow Michael seemed to be overpowering him. "Why do you keep coming back?" He tried to ask of Brian, who was staring at them with intense hazel eyes. "Why don't you tell me to 'go' if that's what you want?" He wanted to confront Brian one-on-one but Michael was preventing that from happening.

Brian strolled over to hang behind Michael's left shoulder, so Justin could see his face. "I have told you, quite a few times. Stop making yourself available. Chose to respect who you are enough to know what a bad influence I am on you."

Justin began to chuckle. "What is this?! Is this some type of joke?" When he said "joke" he looked down at Michael, who seemed determined not to budge one inch.

"No, this isn't a joke at all." Brian sent his arm down Michael's body to hook about his upper chest. Like they were more than just together as best friends. "Consider this... my unofficial 'official' notification that you should go. Be your own man."

Justin kept his blue eyes glaring at steady brown ones. "Was this your idea? You put him up to this?"

Michael started chuckling, then Brian joined in, resting his forehead on Michael's shoulder blade. "Yeah... my 'mind control' of Brian has worked so well thus far. Uhm... no. Big Fat nope, actually." He put out a palm, flat, but hovered it over Justin's thin chest. "Justin... look, one day you're gonna realize it's not the end of the world to not get what you think you want or need. You're also gonna learn you're not the center of it. It's a hard fall, but I hope you can land on your own two feet. You need to find who you are... somewhere else. Brian can't take care of you anymore. You're right... I'm not your father, neither is Brian. He's not responsible for you like you want him to be. You are..." This time he made his finger jut toward Justin, but never touched him.

"Why now? Why push me away now? Huh?" Justin had been looking at Brian, but now turned to Michael, pouting and near tears. "So you can monopolize his time like you've always wanted?"

Brian was prepared to come around Michael's body to shuffle Justin apart from them. "Justin... that's enough."

"No, Brian." Michael actually chuckled lightly, wanting to hear what brilliance Justin had to spare them while he was high or drunk or both. "Let him speak. After each comment I make... he's got the right to say something. It's up to him whether he wants to be clever or smart." He wandered backward to lean on Brian's body, talking over his shoulder. "'Sides... I'd love to hear how Boy Wonder really feels about me..."

"STOP... calling me that!" Justin stomped off, leaving Brian and Michael staring in an odd trance of shock.

"Wow." Michael turned to face Brian. "That was a lot easier than I thought."

"He's still young, Michael." Brian was a combination of feelings, shame and embarrassment. He couldn't explain why he kept bringing the young blond man back into his life. This certainly was one of the reason to not see him anymore.

"He's even brattier in real life compared to my dreams. In my fantasy, we exchanged witty banter for, like, a few minutes. Which, of course, I had the last word."

"See... all you needed was a little confidence. I told you the cock ring would do wonders. You didn't back down, either, which was nice to see. Usually..." Brian bit his bottom lip. "... you'd give up the minute he showed up to take me away."

"Was it that simple? Was there ever some opportunity to change my mind, win you back?"

"Of course. Always." Brian approached Michael, grabbing his biceps. "Justin's not important to me than any other man I could have in the backroom. Save you."

"Damn! One more new scenario to add to my collection." Michael had to hide his sadness with some humor. No sense in crying over the past now.

"What's that make... like, 103rd?"

Michael giggled, scratching at his back hairline. "Dear God, no!! Maybe 64th or 65th..." He grabbed for Brian's hand, entwining their fingers to pull them closer.

"Jesus... you are trying to kill me." Brian bumped chests with Michael, then leaned his brow on Michael's forehead. He couldn't help feeling loved and protected the way Michael stood up to Justin. Why couldn't either of them have done it sooner?

"Nah. I think I'm that Roberta Flack song... sort of... I'm 'killing you softly'..."

"Great. Is that anything like 'silent but deadly'?"

"Uhm... no. They mean two different things for two different actions."

"Yeah, like I said... great. Something to look forward to."

"I swear I'll be your dream come true, hardly your worst nightmare."

"Good to know. I like it when my dreams are filled with you. You... naked and wanting me is even better."

"I'll have to second that one."

Brian and Michael stood at the open archway of Babylon's main entrance onto the dance floor, the chains hanging down from the ceiling.

"Damn."

"You wishing for another way in?"

"I've done this step a thousand times before. What's wrong with me?"

Michael knew what was wrong. Things had certainly changed between them. Brian wasn't ready for it. "Want me to let you go in first? I'll follow a few minutes later..."

Brian swiveled to move them out of everyones' way, along a solid wall. He pushed Michael against the surface, one hand placed above his head. He traced his fingers over Michael's face, then down his body. "If we do this... we go together. No more 'following'. It's bullshit. Equal partners, equal stakes in this relationship."

"Brian..." Michael couldn't help smirking with pleasure. "... that doesn't sound like an affair at all." He absolutely adored what Brian was trying to convey.

"I've never been conventional. If I ever chose to have an affair, it wouldn't be normal."

"What's weird is... since last night, you've become the only sane, normal person in my life."

"You, as well, in mine." Brian cupped Michael's chin underneath. "I don't feel strange walking in there with you. I'm..." He backed up a bit, his head lowered in concentration. "... suddenly aware of who I am, in this place. I don't want you tarnished with me. Your reputation has been upstanding, no black marks against it. One 'sign' you've become my new interest... people will assume the worst of you."

Michael reached up to latch onto Brian's wrist. "All these years of being close friends, you've never cared about them before."

"I was on my own in the gossiping. Now... they'll drag you in with me. I don't know if I can take hearing people talking smack about you and me not doing something about it."

"We can leave. Go back to the loft. I don't want to be home alone or sitting around waiting for Ben to call to 'allow' me to see you again."

Brian smiled, his body moving near Michael's. "Where is The Professor tonight?"

"With Lukas." Michael spoke clearly.

"Oh? Really?" Brian found that particularly interesting. "Are they hanging out... or something?"

"I'm thinking it's more of the 'something' genre. I'm not sure of specifics, but Ben sounded perturbed or agitated, maybe both. He was worried about Lukas. He left Ben after a huge fight. Ben kept telling me he wanted to stay in until Lukas made it back. And if I hadn't heard from him after seven to just do my own thing."

"I like the way you do your own thing." Brian wrapped an arm about Michael's back. "Think he's playing a game with us? Testing to see if we'd do... exactly what we're doing?"

"I suddenly am not caring anymore what Ben thinks. He's certainly not the man I thought I knew. The man I thought I fell in love with. I, uh... don't even think he really wants to be my boyfriend like I need him to be." Michael bowed his head in shame, feeling the old, tired, low self-esteem burn of rejection.

"You taking new applicants only? Or can anyone apply?"

Michael lifted his head. "Why? Are you interested?"

"Eh... I might be. If your old one fails you again."

"If Ben's not done with you... with us... and he wants to do that threesome, like you think... I don't know, Brian. That might be my final straw."

"I'm not trying to steal Ben's thunder or put him in a bad light with you... but he's already approached me."

"What?" Michael's eyes went wide with shock, then his lips began to tremble. He dipped his head to hide his emotions. God Damn!

"This morning. At the Diner. When I left you in the bathroom. On my way out, he asked me for another 'interview', which I took to mean he wanted you and I to have sex again. But this time... he wanted in on our coupling..."

Michael covered his face in shame. "Christ! I am so deeply sorry, Brian."

"Mikey... Mikey..." Brian tried to pull the hands away from Michael's face. "Michael... jesus, come here..." He secured an arm about Michael's neck, then his waist. He rolled them onto his back, then moved to tuck them away in a dark corner. He was protecting and hiding Michael from wandering eyes. He brushed back Michael's hair, resting his cheek on top of Michael's bent head. "... ssshhh, sweetie... you'll make yourself sick." He hadn't expected Michael to get this emotional so quickly. He rocked him and rubbed his back. "This isn't as bad as you think. I've gotten asked to do weirder things and was looking for quick cash at the time. What Ben wants from me isn't something I can't give him."

"He's attempting to hurt you, through me. I never expected that."

"I know this, Michael. I'm not letting it happen." 

Michael lifted his head, moisture-filled brown eyes staring at Brian's face. "What? Brian... what are you saying?"

"I'll do it. I'll finish it... for you. If I agree to whatever he wants, maybe he'll let his anger die. He'll leave me... us... alone..."

"What do you think he wants most?"

"Me."

"Brian." Michael quickly hugged Brian to his chest, quivering with fright. "Ben's not mean enough to try infecting you. Do you think he has some other purpose?"

"Weakening me, maybe. For some kind of satisfaction. To see what it's like to overpower me, make me bend to his will. Be the one man who can crack the Kinney bravado." Brian nudged his face with Michael's. "What he doesn't know is... you've already done that. It means nothing to me for him to do what he wants to me now."

"Humbling you, in front of me. That's what you really mean. Steal your power and fire to make you look like less of a man."

"Michael... please..."

"No. Don't tell me how some people view a Bottom's role, Brian. It's why I like the position so much." Michael hated admitting this part, but it was true. "Sometimes in this world, I don't feel like much of a man. Little more than a glorified woman with a penis."

"Fuck! That isn't what you are. You have to know that. I hope I've never treated you like that. Have I?"

"No... because it's never been about sex between us. Just love and closeness." Michael circled his arm around Brian's neck, leaning chest to chest. "... you're probably the only person in my life who let's me be a man. Albeit... goofy, nerdy and dorky, too..."

"You make it all look so sexy."

"David only saw me as his own private dancing gay boy, little more than arm candy. And Ben... well, I really don't know how he perceived me. He practiced safe sex, always making me feel precious and a little too fragile at times. There were times I wanted it dangerous... and rough, choppy... dirty or filthy..."

"You... have come to the right homosexual."

"I'm not here because of your reputation. I'm at Babylon because it's our 'place'. Our 'home' outside of the loft and the apartment. It's allowed us to be who we really are apart or together. It's gotten us through some hellish times, but also given us some of the best and favorite memories. People are gonna talk, because that's what they do to make themselves feel better. I love you too much to care about some stupid gossip that might, or might not, come about because we walk in there together. I've always wanted you to walk through, someone dangling off your arm. You... making them stop and stare. Just once I want you to leave them speechless for a different reason."

"Care to dangle off my arm, then?" Brian held out his forearm for Michael to take. "I want it to be you. I've always wanted to walk through Babylon to show you off. Make people want what I have, but they can't. Because you were mine, mine alone."

"If you're even remotely considering Ben's offer... I'm definitely walking through that doorway with you. We don't even have to separate when we're ready to go into the backroom."

"You want to go in together?"

"Hell yeah. Let's turn a few heads."

"Michael..."

"Yes?"

Brian bent low, near Michael's ear. "You are more of a man to me than anyone I've been with. You define manliness in a whole other bracket, but you aren't less of a man because of it."

"I love you. Thank you."

"I love you, too."

"Don't say that."

"Why not? You did. And I meant it. I really, really do love you."

"I feel the same. That's why I'm doing this... and the thing with Ben... you'll never have to be alone again."

"C'mon... let's do this, then." Brian twined his hand with Michael's, holding their connection between their bodies, at their sides.

"Oh, boy. Kiss me. Make me brave."

"Gladly." Brian held back on the kiss until they walked through the heavy chains.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Ben was laying on his back, feeling chilled. The warm body that had been laying curled against him disappeared. He blinked slowly, resting on the pillows, wondering if this felt weird or in any way awkward to him. He rose up on his elbows to glance around the room. He caught sight of the shape near the window.

"Luke?" Ben focused his eyes to see Lukas huddled near the encasement, smoking through the open pane. He was wearing Ben's flannel robe and, possibly, nothing else.

"Sorry. Did I wake you?" Lukas spoke low, not knowing why since Ben was up and walking around the bed stark buck naked. He had to look away or want to fuck for real. He couldn't do that to himself. Not until he told Ben why he was here. Because if there was any chance Ben would reject him, he didn't want anything hanging over their heads they would regret.

Ben took the cigarette, puffing a long draw. He handed it back to Lukas, blowing the smoke up and out the side of his mouth. It felt good to gain back one of his bad vices. "Nah. I'm just alert to missing warm bodies I fall asleep with." He paced over to stand behind Lukas, shapes aligned. They both leaned on the side of the dresser to peer out the window. "Anything..." He snaked his left arm around Lukas' waist to bring him flush with his chest. "... interesting out there? What time is it anyway?" He glanced around to see if he could find a clock.

"God knows. I couldn't sleep anymore."

"You okay?" Ben brought his other hand over to slip between the robe portions and smooth his fingers down Lukas' right hip and thigh. He slid into the inner thighs, finding Lukas still pretty hard. God... for an active, physical guy Lukas had the softest skin. The blond hair down the legs was ticklish to both of them.

Lukas extinguished the butt on the windowsill, flicking it out into the night air. "No." He shut the window, finally having enough fresh air. He was putting the drapes back to where they had been.

Ben held himself at a distance, wary and watchful. "It's what we did, isn't it?"

Lukas shook his head in disagreement. He bent his neck, then spun around to kiss the corner of Ben's mouth. Ben took the offer, merging their mouths as one. Lukas drew away first. "No. It's not." He walked forward, simply using one index finger to push Ben toward the mattress. He untied the robe once they were close enough and conformed his body around Ben's receptive bare skin. "You... are the only good thing that's happened in my life in the last 4-5 months."

"Luke, I think it's time you..." Ben meant to tell Lukas to speak his own truth, before they did anything else in bed together.

Using the darkness, with little light from the window, Lukas found the courage to speak out. He moved Ben to sit on the edge of the bed. "About the time Connor and I were having some difficulties in our relationship..." He approached Ben, standing in front of him nude, then easily slipped to sit next to him on the bed. For years, he had been comfortable in his skin, finding that with everything he had been through, in the last five years, he'd lost that sense of himself. Being with Ben, both of them naked, he found that there was an ease he hadn't had in so long. Hard to believe he missed it that much. He brought his bent right knee to lay flat on the sheets. He leaned toward Ben, speaking in a whispery tone. "I, uh... found myself at a bar one night." He could see Ben's inability to look at him show he thought something else. "No. Look, I met this great guy. We hit it off. We went back to his hotel and did anything and everything I hadn't done in the last five years of my fucked up sex life. Between Danny being ultra-precautious at times, not able to stand infecting me... and Connor not as adventurous in bed as I had once thought... I caved. I strayed... just this once..."

"Luke, don't..." Ben put out his hand to stop Lukas from saying what he couldn't even fathom at this point. Lukas couldn't be sick like him, not possible.

"No. It's not what you think. It's not AIDs or HIV. So cool down. Hear me out." Lukas made a grab for one of Ben's hands to hold in between his palms. "We were laying there in his hotel bed, just talking... 'cause luckily this guy's not in town for long. Only business. So discretion is a great friend. I get up to dress and leave and before I go he hands me this card. It's a business card. A doctor friend of his. I'm thinking he's trying to set me up on some blind date. But when I read the card it says 'oncologist'. I looked at the guy, kind of strangely... and he tells me he felt a lump on my left testicle. He thinks I should get it checked out."

Ben turned to face Lukas, reaching up with one hand to cup the rounded cheek. "Jesus... no..." Then he couldn't help himself, he hugged Lukas to his body. He dragged them both onto his back, slipping in between the sheets. He pulled the covers over their joined bodies. He felt Lukas melt in his embrace, needing the touch of someone who loved him. He slipped his legs open, letting Lukas fall in between his thighs. On his own, Lukas slinked down to rest his cheek on Ben's upper chest. "Wait a minute... did you...?" He was pulling them apart to speak directly to his face.

"No! Don't... don't let go. I can't look you in the eyes and say this. Just hold me." Lukas went completely numb, letting Ben support them. "This is perfect. It's where I've wanted to be for awhile." He sighed, closing his eyes. "I went for my routine physical and they sure think the lump is substantial enough to send me to this oncologist. Good thing is... they caught it early. They set me up to remove the tumor... I get on chemo/radiation and there's a 98% chance of full recovery."

Ben had been scraping his fingers up Lukas' back, to his nape. Now he was in his blond curls. "Remove... the tumor? You had surgery?"

"I'm Bionic, Jamie. Synthetic prosthesis... i.e. fake nut... ball... testicle..."

"Please don't joke now... I'm serious."

"So am I."

"Why didn't you call me? I would have dropped everything to be there." Ben brushed the curly bangs from Lukas' forehead. Then he pressed his lips to the hairline.

"Because I knew how you'd be. And I didn't want you to see me like I was... and coddle me." Lukas soothed a hand down Ben's arm. "Your Mom was there with me."

"My mother?" Ben was beyond shocked now. Why in the hell would Lukas rather have his mother there, than him?

"Yeah, she really is a great lady, Jamie. Not as evil as you keep thinking. Dad... uhm, Dad tried to feed me excuses about not showing up. Conferences and things going on at the college. But I knew he walked away because of Mom's breast cancer. He fell apart when she was diagnosed. I could tell he wasn't much better with me, over the phone. He did want me to come back, to the Mainland and have the surgery. Dad always did take her death personally, so I understood. I really wished Mom had been there, could have used her dark, sarcastic humor." Lukas let out a strangled chuckle, just sinking into the essence of Ben's body being under him and around him. Those strong fingers touching him and caressing every portion of his naked skin no one had touched in... almost forever. "Your Mom did fine. I told her she didn't have to stay, but she knew you'd hate her more for not being there with me, when she had the time off. I was also kind of glad Connor and I had broken up before I had the surgery. One less thing in my life to worry about."

"He left you because of this? Just walked away and abandoned you?"

"Hey... I was the one-balled boyfriend with not much else going on in my life. He gave me some lame excuse about communication problems and me not opening up to him about my true feelings. But when I did... I knew he wouldn't be able to handle the pressure of what I was going to go through."

"Luke, I... is that why you're here...?" Ben leaned his cheek on top of Lukas' head, inhaling the rich shampoo. He'd always loved the way Lukas smelled in and out of the ocean. Always a bit like coco-butter and sun.

"Yes... and no..."

"What does that mean?"

~~TBC...