I do not like thee, Doctor Fell,
The reason why, I cannot tell;
But this I know, and know full well,
I do not like thee, Doctor Fell.

Officially, Leon is now on light duty in the Umbrella labs. This pretty much translates to being a watered-down version of a security guard. He doesn't have a gun or a stun baton, just his knife, and his uniform is still more of Jack's castoffs, though these are respectable black pants and a t-shirt instead of worn out camo and a tanktop.

He roams about aimlessly, checking people for their ID and making sure no-one has been eaten, flipping through the manuals on company procedures and policies during his breaks. He knows better than to slack off on his meagre duties, though. Wesker himself arranged for this position, and that can only mean it's sown with landmines.

The most obvious of them is the labs themselves. They might look like glittering palaces of silver and glass ruled over by sleek men and women in snowy cotton robes, but the truth is that they're nothing more than fancy fishbowls, and the scientists are barely above the sick little kids who pluck the legs off of growing tadpoles.

Walking through the halls turns Leon's stomach. Having to nod and make polite chitchat at the water cooler with the people here is even worse. He knows that they're brilliant and they're twisted, but everything out of their mouths is so horrifically normal. They talk about television programs and their children at school, rumours of who's a slut and who's up for promotion, sales at the store and spam problems in their e-mail.

And all the while they are holding binders with data on how fast the newest viral agent melts skin, or reports written to convince the higher-ups that they need this many abducted children to properly understand the impact that mutagen has on growing lifeforms, or file folders filled with glossy photos of subject #9272456 who's lost mobility in her legs and arms and keeps trying to chew free of her own dead flesh.

It's just so. . .

. . . disconnected. A vast gulf between them and themselves.

Leon stares blankly through the window of one of the cells. Presses his palm to the glass, and shivers as the Licker on the other side tongues the place where his hand rests. This thing had been human once. It had a name. 

Before now he couldn't have imagined it. It was just so grotesque that he couldn't make the connection between this and a person. But they've got them in all stages here, and he can trace the horrible metamorphosis just by walking down the hall. Evolution in revers till he gets to the cell with a naked man huddling in the corner, flesh rotting away in the first, gradual steps of T-virus infection.

That's Andrew Suarez. Human sludge that Umbrella plucked from death row - two counts of murder, four aggravated assault, a host of petty offences. Leon read his files.

And he also watched him cry softly to himself as Andrew realized he was dying. Slow, and sure, and horrible.

This place is hell.

It scares the fuck out of Leon.

Not only because of what he sees on the other side of the glass, but because of what it shows him of humanity. And beyond that, what it shows him of himself.

As fundamentally ugly as this place is, as sad and small and pathetic Andrew might be, Leon can still feel the hands on his skin, can still hear the laughter of inmates who'd mocked him as he was raped. He sees them in Andrew Suarez, and a part of Leon -a bitter, broken, defiled fragment of his soul- whispers, Serves him right to be here. Serves him right, serves him right, serves him right, serves him right, serves him right, serves him right-

'Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted,' whispers his conscience.

And, 'I do solemnly swear that I will support, obey and defend the Constitution of the United States' says the memory of his own voice. 'I further solemnly swear that I will serve honestly and faithfully in the performance of my duties as a police officer and will accept my commission as a symbol of authority and a mark of service to the people of this community. . .'

-serves him right, serves him right, serves him right, serves him right.

God. He makes himself sick. He's giving himself brutal headache, too, and he wishes idly that Jack where here so he could shut his brain off and let his man do all the thinking. No wonder Umbrella's creed begins with obedience. The people here must be grateful to submit to the yoke and let themselves be blindly led. It's sure better than facing the truth about what they're really doing.

And this, of course, is why Wesker's assigned him here. This is a setup, one that's designed to either trick Leon into lashing out or force him into embracing the corruption of blind obedience.

Wesker's miscalculated, though. If Jack had been here Leon would have been content to let him lead. But cut off all day like this Leon's forced to do his own brainwork, and he can see right to the heart of things. This place, this nightmare, this truth that he's aiding and abetting monsters . . . it's just more of the same of what's made Leon such a failure ever since he broke in prison.

That should make Leon pliant to Umbrella. Instead it cuts away what few restraints Leon might have had in keeping Jack and himself alive, and puts him even more on guard against the company. He's got too many memories of Umbrella personnel being abandoned and betrayed and fed to the laboratories in their own turn. He knows it's only a matter of time before he and Jack outlive their usefulness and find themselves on the other side of this glass.

Jack doesn't see it. Jack . . .

Leon frowns at the heavy band of scaring that still rings his wrist. It's just another memento of how chained he is to Jack, another obvious tag. He wishes Jack's own ties were as obvious and visible, because for all Leon's joking about Umbrella logo tattoos it would have been nice to know how Umbrella's got the man bound.

Somehow, someway, for some reason Leon doesn't get, Jack is as chained to Umbrella as Leon is to Jack. Which means that if Umbrella turns on them, Jack is likely to just let it.

Completely unacceptable, but it's a problem Leon can't solve at this point, and he frown turns to a scowl, his fingers tightening into a fist.

"Oh, my. Keep frowning like that, miss, and you'll give yourself wrinkles."

And this is another problem Leon really wants to solve. "Thanks for the concern, but Jack gives a killer facial. Does wonders for my skin," he drawls, turning from the Licker's tank to give his best blandly pleasant smile to Doctor Laurent, who twitches a sneer in return.

The day after Leon's 'debut' at the party, Wesker sent out a memo. A picture of Leon's face, his name . . . and the direction to treat him with every courtesy a woman deserves.

Leon had spent a good half hour dry-heaving with impotent rage and revulsion when Jack showed it to him, and even now, days later, the thought of it still makes his skin crawl. God knows why. It's not like it's any secret that he's Jack's woman, and anyways shouldn't it make him happy that everyone knows and respects that? Isn't this the protection he wanted?

But despite all the work he's put into accepting his new life it still feels violating. Degrading. Probably because so many of the people here make it degrading. They call him "Miss Leon" through their smirks, hold doors open for him with exaggerated care, show him to the woman's bathroom when he asks directions to the john, and the only defence Leon's found is to agree with them, even to the point of shoving it in their faces. They tend to back off when Leon answers their questions to tell them just how sore his ass is from his last fucking, just how much he likes the taste of Jack's dick, and that yeah, he will lick Jack's boots if he's told to.

Laurent is like that. Gets off on making sly comments and shit, but gets uncomfortable at how honest Leon is about come on his face. He's persistent, though, enough that Leon is starting to suspect that there's something more bubbling under the surface.

"So there's a soft and caring side to even the most vicious brute. Not that I'm surprised. Do you know that Lickers will curl together when at rest, and Plagas hosts will groom each other despite species differentials?"

Actual conversation? Huh. This is new. Is he finally gonna make his move? "Sorry, but I'm not exactly an expert. They just don't stay alive long enough for me to notice behavioural quirks."

The slight narrowing of eyes and the twitch of Laurent's shoulders are bright little flags to Leon. Not happy with the reminder Leon's killed so many of these not-so-super weapons. Annoyed? Pissed? No. He's shifted away slightly. Worried, then.

But despite whatever fear Laurent's feeling he's still confident enough to keep dangling bait: "Don't put yourself down. You might not be familiar with these common specimens, but you've admitted yourself you're the foremost expert on the anatomy of a Control-Plagas' host." He sends Leon a sideways glance. "And you've gotten to observe Chairman Wesker up close as well, I'm told." Calculation is heavy in his pause. ". . . and maybe personal?"

The memory of Wesker's touch lingering over Leon's pulse point rises up, hot and violating, and Leon has to fight to keep the goosebumps from his skin, the revulsion off his face. He uses this new puzzle as a distraction. What's the angle here? This could just be office gossip but it feels all wrong for Laurent. "We haven't exactly talked a lot." It's his turn to do a little fishing of his own. He trails his fingers along the side of his neck, lowers his gaze. Shrugs one shoulder in a careless way. "All I can really tell you is that he's got a light touch. Lot of control for so much power."

The veil of Leon's lashes hides his gaze as he studies Laurent's reaction. Slight narrowing of eyes again, the flicker of tension at the mouth.

Don't like the idea of one of Wesker's toys in your department, huh? Can't exactly blame you.

But Leon knows the kinds of politics the people at Umbrella play. If Laurent is worried about Wesker it's not for altruistic reasons. He must be playing some kind of double cross.

And since working for Umbrella guarantees he's paranoid, he probably thinks I'm spying for Wesker and his next move is gonna be to try and kill me. Fun.

"Well, since you are-" a slight curl of Laurent's lip, "-pardon, since you know what Wesker likes, perhaps you'd be open to giving me some advice. I have a side project I've been working on. Nothing major, you understand, just a bit of tweaking of the base t-virus infected and an attempt at remote control based off the T-103 data."

Leon lifts an eyebrow. Despite himself, he's curious. "I thought that a zombie's brain was too deteriorated for something like that."

"For someone who's 'not exactly an expert', you're well informed on the details. But you see, even if a baseline zombie's neuro system is so much slop, it doesn't stay that way."

Laurent turns from the tanks and begins walking down the hall, motioning Leon to follow. He does, falling into step beside the scientist as they head toward the rear of the labs where the holding tanks are.

Laurent continues, "As our display tanks show, given enough time a baseline zombie can eventually evolve into a Licker, an entirely new creature with a full set of instincts and reflexes. That suggests that a zombie's brain isn't actually deteriorated so much as it is emptied - being rewritten by the virus. Once you realize that, a whole new set of possibilities unfold before you."

They've reached the tanks, and take the staircase up to walk along the metal catwalks. Below them is a single female zombie, its short blond hair turned sickly pale in the lab light, what looks to be a heavy metal collar around its neck. Something about the creature nags at Leon, but he needs to focus on Laurent at this point and so pushes it out of his mind.

Laurent leans against the catwalk railing and stares down at them, a half-smile on his face. "Neuroprograming is a touchy business, very individualistic even with the virus to reset things for you, so they can't be mass produced into decent shock troops. Las Plagas is still far superior for that. But Plagas in general are difficult to control, and impossible to program; the parasite interferes with the internal wiring too much, if you will. And the more powerful the Plagas, the more sentience it retains. That pesky free will coupled with predatory instincts makes them a headache. Now, these," he gestures down at the zombie. "This one I've succeeded in at least programming to move from here to there effectively, and I think that with time such a creature could be marketed as an excellent drone worker for specialized jobs, something you just can't do with the Plagas. And of course, it remains to be seen if the programming can be carried over to Lickers. If it can . . ."

"Remote controlled stealth killers? And here I thought Umbrella didn't know the meaning of the word 'subtle'," Leon says, coming to lean on the railing beside Laurent. "What's the range on the-"

His mind goes blank in shock for only a heartbeat as the railing gives beneath him and he tumbles forward into space, and then reflexes kick in and he twists in the air like a cat, landing lightly on his feet in the slick metal box that's the zombie pen, letting himself fall into a crouch to duck the sudden lunge of the zombie, using the coiled force in his legs to push him up and forward to the wall so he can get his back against it.

"My apologies, Miss Leon," Laurent calls down. "I'd have just shot you and spared you this, but after your hulking mate's display of possessive violence it seemed more prudent to make this an accident."

"If you think Jack is dumb enough to buy that this is an accident then you obviously tested your lobotomy techniques on yourself before this thing," Leon shouts back, knife in hand, out and ready as the zombie shuffles closer.

"Believe it, no. But without proof Wesker will never allow him to take action against me. The science division's testimonies always take priority over those of the military branch when it's one-to-one their word against ours."

"I know you're a biologist, but don't you still need basic math skills to qualify for a labcoat? Jack and I against you isn't one-to-one."

Laurent frowns. "You won't be joining us. I'm going to take care of some overdue genetic purging right here, right now. I've read your file, Miss Kennedy, and I've seen the tapes. You're weak, flawed. Cracked right through the soul after your time in jail. And what's already cracked is easy to crush." Now he smiles as he pulls out a little remote control. "Who knows? Maybe you'll enjoy it. You seem to have a taste for the depraved."

He makes a big show out of pushing the remote's button. Asshole.

He leaves with a swirl of white labcoat but Leon isn't watching him because the zombie is closing in and its mouth open and then- and then-

It speaks.

And what it says sends chills right through him.

"Le~~~on. Help. me Leon."

The nagging familiarity he'd had back up on the catwalk comes back with a vengeance - blonde hair in a pageboy cut over an oval face, the little green skirt. It's been over a year since he's seen her but, "Ashley?" he breaths.

"Le. On," she answers, and he chokes back hysterical laughter.

It can't be Ashley. It can't. President Graham is still in office and there's no way even Umbrella could kidnap her when the entire American military would fall on their heads . . .

Because it's never happened before, right?

The eyes are the wrong colour. The ears are off. She wasn't this tall. There's no way she'd still have that ugly orange tank top. But memory backstabs Leon with razored slivers of doubt because he's been been cut off from the outside world for months and so wouldn't know if she was missing, because he can't quite picture what her face should look like if not this, because she's still a growing girl and maybe she'd kept the top like he had his old cop uniform, a token of survival.

"Help. Me. Le~~~on."

They do an odd sort of dance, with Ashley -no, the zombie - no, Ashley? - shuffling forward and him stumbling back, strangely clumsy as the world tilts around him. Is this Ashley? Is it just some random blonde Laurent dug up and rewired? Is it the ghost of his old life, come to drag him to hell for what he's done and how he's failed, failed, failed?

'You're to protect the President's daughter,' he'd been told, and he'd been furious and flattered by turns: angry at being taken away from his hunt for Umbrella, pleased at the professional compliment. Rookie cop to a-list bodyguard.

He raises his knife but his muscles locked up when he tries to strike. To kill a zombie with a blade you have to mutilate it. Stab it in the face. Cut off its head. He still remembers waking up in a cold sweat for weeks after the mission, visions of just that in his nightmares, her pale hair fanning out in the dirt, her brown eyes blank, her body four feet farther from its head than it should ever be. 

'The President sent me to rescue you,' he'd said and she'd looked at him like he was her own personal miracle, something bright and shining and utterly alien to what he is now.

"Leon. Help. Hel~~p." Those reaching hands are pale and bloodless, and she'd reached for him the same way as that giant bug had carried her off, had clung to him so tight in fear when he'd gotten her back. Warm body. Scratchy wool sweater. Smell of her soap and blood and muck and sweat and rot, just like this creature here.

'You'll come to my graduation, right? It's in June! The whole Hospitality gang is gonna go out for drinks after . . .' she'd coaxed, because she'd carried a torch for him ever since that nightmare.

For a few short days she'd been the centre of his world. "Ashley. . . "

"Leon. I. Misssssed you~" the creature slurs. It catches him the way his memories have, fingers closing around his throat, and for one dark moment he feels like letting it have its way. The self-hate is back, black tar in his soul, and it pulls him down and down.

He should fight it.

But he's so tired.

"Le~~~on." This close to the zombie he can see the delicate glints of silver on it: the staples where the scalp has been reattached after the lobotomy, the fillings in its back teeth, the wires that sprout from its collar to burrow into its temples, its throat, its spine.

Its fingers are strong around his throat as it starts to crush his larynx.

Jack'll be pissed.

The thought is the faintest spark in the darkness eating his sight as he's strangled, but the heat of it burns and spits inside him, catches on his will to survive, flares up in a bright flame of anger because Jack is such a hypocrite getting pissed at Leon for falling into memory and being killed by it, but he'll let himself be tamely lead to his own death by ideals and Umbrella.

Stupid sonofabitch. And he says I'm the one who needs looking after? Tch. Bastard probably won't even see it coming. 's not like he's got any kind of common sense about this stuff.

Common sense?

The words hang in the darkness around him: "Help me, Leon."

Common sense says there's only one way to help a zombie.

He crams his knife into its gaping mouth, up through the softness of pallet and into the brain. Its hands spasm, loosen, and he somehow gets a leg up between them and kicks the creature from him in a last burst of energy.

He hears the wet thump of it hit the floor a few feet from him. The pounding of blood in his ears as life returns. The whooping gasps of his own breath. The pneumatic hiss and chorus of groans as the door to the holding cell opens and admits more zombies.

Shit!

He doesn't even bother to look, just scrambles to his feet and bolts for his knife. It's stuck, takes one, two yanks for him to pull it free in a mess of blood and zombie spit, and then he's up again and with his back to the wall.

He was incredibly lucky that Laurence programmed the fake Ashley to talk to Leon instead of trying for a bite, but it seems that luck's run out now. There's more than a dozen zombies crowding the doorway. He can see more of them in the cell beyond. And the cell he's in now is small and bare and far too open for this fight. Laurent is no doubt expecting Leon to hang back and get himself overhelmed as the zombie pour through, or maybe lunge forward in some crazy charge and get trapped that way, pulled into the mob by grasping hands.

Maybe that would have happened except that Laurent's lost his advantage. Leon isn't mired in the past anymore. He's not caught in some past trauma, not beaten down by sick seduction or fucked up on drugs - his mind is as sharp as the cut of his blade.

And he knows how to handle zombies.

He darts forward only to jerk up short and dart away, making the most of what little room he has and drawing one out in front of the other, a foot, two, and it's just enough for him to come in and slash at its face to throw it off balance and then whirl into a roundhouse kick.

The thing's head makes the satisfying wet sound of a crushed melon and its body flies backwards into the throng, and the zombies aren't coordinated enough to compensate, toppling at the impact.

Speed is the key as Leon darts in and stomps down hard on a skull, uses his downward momentum to drive his knife through the eye of another, then pushes off with his legs to fling himself back toward the safety of the wall. That's got another staggering toward him and he repeats the trick, pausing only long enough to whirl inside the reach of one who'd manage to duck its fellows' tumble and feed it his blade as well.

In and out of the crowd he darts, using his speed and reflexes to stay ahead, and when one of them lunges at him too fast he goes with it and grabs it and hauls it up and over and down in a graceful suplex.

He is sweating, hair sticking to his face so he has to toss his head impatiently to get it clear, and he grins as he feels his earrings sway and brush his cheeks. Jack might have been pissed about the Ashley-zombie, but he'd have no complaints about Leon's performance now.

Maybe I should stay messy until he gets home tonight. He likes me covered in blood.

It takes maybe ten minutes to clear the zombies. Leon's muscles burn with pleasant heat, sweet affirmation he's alive. He's still a bit out of shape from forced captivity, though it's not nearly as bad as he'd worried. He paces the two cells restlessly, looking for a way out, making sure the dead stay down, and finally he says to hell with it and starts to make his own exit - pilling the corpses one on the other in a sloppy pile of rotting flesh and bone. A human ladder is awkward as hell, but he manages to scramble up high enough that he can jump the last few feet, and he grunts in satisfaction when his fingers catch the slick catwalk above.

He hauls himself up and out with straining arms, heaving himself onto the catwalk and leaving sticky red hand and foot prints in his wake.

He runs bloody fingers through his hair and grimaces. He's a mess, a certified biohazard.

Shower tonight, he decides. Jack and I can play kinky games some other time. This is just gross.

Before he can make plans for the evening there's still one thing left to take care of, however. He stalks off into laboratories, knife in hand once more and face cold and grim. Laurent is about to find out why he really should have just shot Leon.

~

Laurent's not a complete idiot - he does try to shoot Leon. But he's a crappy shot and Leon's expecting it, anyways, and so it's Leon's shirt, not Leon himself, that gets shot as Leon waves it in the doorway. In the instant after Laurent's blown six holes in Leon's clothing, Leon himself ducks inside and lets his knife fly, hitting the man in the bicep and making him drop the gun.

"No!" Laurent wails. "No, you can't kill me! You can't!"

"I'm not gonna," Leon replies. He yanks his knife out and cleans the blade on the man's lab coat, sheaths it. Then he punches Laurent as hard as he can in the gut, right under the ribs in the pit of his diaphragm. Laurent's breath whooshes out of him, leaving him doubled up and hacking for air, and Leon takes the opportunity to retrieve the gun and then check Laurent's computer.

As he thought, Laurent was in the middle of deleting files, probably panicking when he saw Leon making short work of the zombies. The man's a biologist, though, not a programmer, and Leon knows a few tricks. It takes just a few minutes' finagling to get those files back, the only real difficulty being in keeping Laurent quiet on the floor. Leon manages with strategic kicks to the man's face and sides. Laurent screams abuse at him, calling him everything from a cocksucking whore to shit-brained psychopath, but Leon's too busy skimming the data that Laurent tried to get rid of to really care. Incriminating stuff - files stolen from other projects and still labelled for other people, cryptic e-mails that hint at outside deals, speculation about Wesker's mutations and their potential sabotage. It all goes onto a flashdrive Leon finds in a desk drawer.

When he's ready to go he kneels and gives Laurent one last punch to the gut, then grabs one of Laurent's ankles and starts dragging.

He walks fast, hauling Laurent after him like a wailing sack of potatoes, pausing only to give him a solid kick in the ribs when Laurent tries grab hold of desks, chairs, people, in an effort to stop Leon's trek through the labs and the halls, down stairways and out the door into another of the compound's buildings entirely.

"Stop!" Laurent is shrieking. "You're insane! Where the hell are you taking me? I demand you stop at once!"

He's making a spectacular scene and everyone is watching him, watching Leon, but no one dares interfere. Shock? Fear? Leon really doesn't give a damn. He's too busy taking secret smug pleasure at tracking bloody footprints across Umbrella's pristine floors. The cleanup crew's going to have a hell of a time disinfecting the place. He'd almost feel bad for them except that they work for Umbrella and so are assholes by default. He can't even bring himself to care about a potential outbreak, the thought of this place eating itself alive just too much like poetic justice.

But he's reached his destination now, and he knocks politely despite knowing that the howling's got to have announced him already, and he waits for the "Enter" before opening the door and dragging his victim inside.

Wesker looks up from his computer screen and steeples his fingers at his lips, gloved hands in stark contrast to his pale face. He raises a single eyebrow. "Well?"

"Security guard Kennedy reporting, sir. I've brought you a corporate saboteur." He twitches his head back toward Laurent who's now gone utterly still and silent and very carefully keeps the satisfaction off his face as the faintest shadow of a smile graces Wesker's lips.

Because this was a test, too.

Wesker's not an idiot, and he didn't get to where he is now by being oblivious to the knives people want to stick in his back. Either he already knew about Laurent or he suspected. Sending Leon in was probably just hitting two birds with one stone by getting rid of Laurent and seeing if Leon knows how far to push.

That's the thing about Wesker's type. There is nothing Wesker values like power in all its thousand forms, nothing he craves so much as the subjugation of all around him, nothing he loves so much as others bowing down. Yeah, Leon could probably have killed Laurent without repercussion, but that would have marked him as a wild card, someone to keep on a tight leash. This little show Leon's putting on, though, tells Wesker not only that he's in charge, but that Leon knows it. That life and death are decisions Leon bows to Wesker to make.

Not that this wasn't a bit of a risk: there was always the chance that Wesker would get paranoid about someone being able to read him so well. The thing is, though, Wesker's ego is so huge that he probably can't believe that anyone could ever really be able to figure him out. So instead he takes this just as Leon had hoped: as his just due, a fitting tribute from his latest pawn.

"A serious accusation," Wesker purrs. "I hope you have proof."

"Yes sir." Leon pulls out the flash disk and shows it to Wesker, walks forward and lays it on Wesker's desk at the man's nod.

Laurent is up on all fours clawing hopeless at the door, whimpering, sobbing. Leon's eyes narrow.

So Wesker's office door can lock remotely, huh? Did he do that from his computer, or is it automatic when the door shuts?

Just another detail to file away for now.

Wesker is shaking his head, chuckling as he peruses what Leon's brought him. "My, my. You have been naughty, haven't you, Laurent? It seems I'll have to punish you after all. A pity. I do hate having to hire new help." His sunglasses glint as he turns his face to Leon. "Kill him."

"Sir."

He's already made a ruin of Wesker's office with his bloody footprints so Leon doesn't worry about adding to it. He stalks Laurent across the office with measured strides, and this time he doesn't bother hiding his satisfaction. The man tries to fight, howling and cursing the whole time, arms flailing clumsy punches Leon ducks with ease, and he's expecting a knife in the face so Leon sticks it in Laurent's back instead, waiting until the man to tries a clumsy lunge, whirling behind him and stick the knife into Laurent's kidney.

He twists it out, making scarlet bloom in a bright, sodden rose on Laurent's lab coat, and as Laurent staggers to his knees and keens in pain Leon presses a hand Laurent's back and counts the ribs, aims. Shoves his knife into Laurent's heart.

Choking gasp.

Laurent topples over, dead.

Leon pulls his knife out again, and then, grunting with effort, uses it to sever the spine at the neck. He'd been killing zombies with that knife, after all. No point in getting sloppy and leaving Laurent to rise again.

"Efficient," says Wesker when Leon rises and turns to face him once more. "It seems you're being wasted in your current capacity. I'll have to see if I can find you something to give you more of a challenge."

"Sir," Leon says. Salutes.

Another day done at Umbrella. Another rung up the ladder of making himself useful. And another step down a road toward a nebulous goal he's only starting to realize. Something beyond survival. Something not for him, but for Jack . . .

The scars around his wrist ache.