CAROL MOM & ME

CHAPTER 130

       I spotted a tavern that looked attractive enough and it dawned on Lisa and I that we had hardly had any breakfast.
It was time for a late lunch and a couple of drinks.

    Our newfound sex partner endured that urge for sure.
I let the inner excitement that Lisa was feeling continue. I let her do most of the talking as we finally ordered a pizza and cold beer.
The beer of course came first. Both of us kept the ewaitress busy with serving the first three rounds. At least enough to calm our nerves for a while, and remembering that one of us was needed to drive.

I finally found a quieter opening when I could ask my burning question of Lisa.

   "Honey, I need to know. I really need to know how you were so sure that your advances toward Susan wouldn't be immediately rebuffed or worse, she would slap the shit out of you?"
"How did you know you could lean over and kiss her like that when you started?"

    Lisa smiled.
"Her eyes honey. Even though she was thinking sadly about her dead husband, it was her eyes from when she very first saw you and me."
I noticed her half lids as she seemed to be mentally taking my clothes off and studying my tits."
Several times her eyes went to my tits, not to mention your pants too."

    " I watched her eyes again while you talked and I was doing a lot of listening. when we were first in her office."
"You were fascinated by HER tits, I noticed, while she was looking at mine with half lids."
"I watched her nipples sprout harder in her suit jacket too."
"Mine were at the same time, knowing she was seeing my own nipples harden in my dress. She knew right away I wasn't wearing a bra.
"Then when she came near us to lead us to the elevator, I smelled her aroma from her pussy."
"One of us had her really wet Billy. I still wasn't sure which of us though."
"Then, in the elevator when she spread her hands out on both sides on the rail, I was sure she was trying to let you see her hard nipples and her eyes were fluttering. Then I knew you were hard standing behind me, and I felt it against my right ass cheek. I saw her eyes looking down at it and flutter again.
"That's when I pretended to adjust my tits in my dress top. Her eyes opened wider and she let go of the rail and placed her hands together in front of her pussy , probably thinking we could actually see her wet pussy or at least smell it."
"I could actually smell it Billy."
"Then, when we got into that session when she began to cry and I went next to her on the bed, she made no shiver when I put my arm around her. She was weeping, but her nipples were still raging hard. She was either needing a good pussy licking or fucking by one of us."

   "When I leaned into her to kiss her cheek to seem innocent enough, I felt her face press harder to my lips right away."
"That was it. I knew I could have her. I knew right then she would want me to lick her pussy. Her eyes were wide and her lips soft when I kissed her on the mouth that second kiss."

   "Her eyes were pleading, her body had a small tremor when she felt my lips kiss her."
"Bingo, I thought, her pussy will be in my mouth or yours in minutes."
"Especially knowing and now feeling her need of not having sex or a husband in so long a time."
"That's when I kissed her harder and we fell back on the bed and you saw the rest."
"Her pussy was a furnace Billy, when I slid my hand under her panties and into her soaking wet slit while I kissed the shit out of her."

"Just like I get honey, when you feel me up and kiss the shit out of me, or watching you with our other women."

"When I got her tits out in the open, you saw how rock hard her nipples were."
"How she moaned when I sucked them."
"I was going to stop there for a minute and tell you to fuck her then and there, but then I thought she still needed some more serious kissing and sucking first, before you got in the picture."

"BUT Billy Boy, I knew you would get in her pussy too."
"I was being a little selfish honey. I wanted to suck her juices first, BEFORE you fucked her and came inside her and spoiled my first chance at a pure taste of her nice wet pussy."

"If you remember, I licked her to two orgasms, while you started to lean over her and kiss her too, and feel her tits."
"She came at least twice while you did that, into my mouth Billy."
"I was tongue fucking her like you do to me honey, while you were dueling with her tongue in your mouth."
"I was cumming in my panties then as I sucked her sweet pure juices baby."
 I was really getting off having the both of us making love to her at the same time." 
"I was loving every minute of it, and I was looking at your cock raging hard through your pants as I sucked her too."

   "That's when I rose up and told you to fuck her. I knew there would be no resistance and she would probably beg you when I ripped down your pants and she saw your beautiful big hard cock with her pussy spread wide open with her own orgasm juices spread all over it."
"I was going to suck you right over her chest so she could watch us real close as your cock slid in my mouth at first, but then I saw her pussy rising and falling and looking at your hard cock when you had your pants off."

"She needed serious fucking from your cock, not my tongue any more."
"I listened and hung on every word Lisa said to me, and then said, "You're driving honey, or we call a fucking cab."
"I'm getting another beer."
We demolished the pizza in short order and ordered a beer for me and a coke for Lisa.

"I'm still hot and wet thinking about it all Billy,  and I want to suck your cock out in the car as soon as you finish that beer honey." I want you to cum in my mouth like you did with her as I watched baby."
"You were really shooting hard in her mouth."
"You even made me cum again in my diapers as I was watching you keep shooting down her throat like that."

"Yes, I was honey. It was wonderful the way she had about sucking me. Like there was no tomorrow or something."

"I picked up on that too, honey. Now finish your beer and let's get in the car so I can suck that hard cock of yours."

"How do you know I'm hard?"
"Because I know your mind is picturing her mouth on your cock again,  right now."
"I also know you're afraid to stand up too."
She was laughing because she knew she was right.

    "I'll stand in front of you as we leave honey, but that waitress has already noticed your hard cock the last time she was here."
"I think you could really have her too, if you really need some more strange pussy honey?"
How do you know that honey?"
"Her eyes, silly."
"Oh no!, not the fucking eyes again?"
Honey, its ALWAYS ALL ABOUT EYES with us women."
"Learn to keep your eyes on a woman's eyes, and her nipples. Then you can start to learn our secrets."

"I can even tell when your mom really wants to suck you off and she's trying to find the right time to get next to you."
"Don't tell me.....Its in her eyes?"
"Correct babe."
"Lisa honey?"
"Yeah babe?"
"Your eyes are are glowing and fluttering and your nipples are hard."
"You're a quick study Billy. Want to fuck me in that hall right now, or out in the car?"
"My pussy is wet and waiting for you right now."
"How did I know that honey?"
"My eyes silly."

.............................................................................................................
True to her word, Lisa wasted no time in unzipping and digging out my cock on the front seat at the rear of the restaurant.

   She only took a half assed look around and then sucked me wonderfully until I shot several spurts in her mouth and then she pulled off to jerk me off on her face.
She then leaned on the seat and kissed me. Asking me to clean my cum off her face.
I did.

Now we were finally driving back home. We couldn't wait to tell mom about our new sex partner.

Lisa looked at me as I drove and asked, "Billy honey, what do you think if we changed the invitations to say it was a XXX reception and everyone should show up naked?

"Oh honey how hot. But all the guys there would want to fuck the bride."
"And, what's wrong about that?"

"Well for another thing, where would they all put their envelopes?"
"Oh shit. Forget it."
"It was a nice thought of maybe seeing all those hard cocks sticking up and all of them for me  on that night though."

    Mom and dad were relaxing on loungers next to the pool when we pulled in.
Both of them naked as usual, and mom had reached over holding his hand like a pair of young lovers.
I noticed his cock was glistening and mom's pussy was wet and shiny. They must have just finished fucking.

    "Hello mom, dad." "Hi kids. Everything go OK?"
"More than OK mom. Wait till I get us a drink and we'll tell you."
I handed a beer to Lisa and dad and took a long swig.
I let Lisa start the tale, and I interjected on occasion.

   When Lisa mentioned the part of Susan mentioning licking her room mate in college and kind of vaguely describing her, mom sat straight up and looked at me.

I knew instantly then what she was thinking. About the woman she told Carol and me about that she liked to have occasional sex with in the dorm room.
Dad knew, I knew, but now Lisa would know too. Mom looked at me, and then to Lisa as if deciding whether to say another word.
I nodded that it would be perfectly Ok.
"What was her name honey?" mom asked.
Susan, Susan Carney, wasn't it Billy?"
"Yeah honey"
Mom's eyes popped.
She knew it was the same woman she shared the dorm room with.
"Mom, Lisa has some girl stuff she wanted to talk to you about."
It took only a pair of seconds before both of them were headed upstairs to mom's room for a tete a tete.

Damn I still loved to see their asses wiggle like that as they walked through the yard.
I grabbed another beer and offered one to dad and sat next to him. I answered his puzzled look and told him the rest of the story and who the woman really was, that we met purely by coincidence.

Dad almost shit.
"OOOOHHH Billy, I wanted to fuck her in the worst way, back then, but I was with your mom, and that was that, at the time."
SHE was HOT Billy. I mean hot." All the guys wanted to get next to her and tried to use me through your mom to set them up."

   "She had tits out to here that stood straight the fuck up Billy!"
"She still does dad, and Lisa and I BOTH sucked the shit out of them all afternoon."
"Are you shitting me?"
"No, for real. Lisa had a regular ball licking her pussy while I sucked her tits and kissed the shit out of her. Then I fucked  her while Lisa did the caper on her tits."

"Holy shit." 
"I'd love to see her again, just see her for Christ sakes."
"You will dad, that's the best part. She's our new best fuck friend from now on. She will be here for the party Thursday night."
"Are you shitting me or what Billy, because I can still kick your ass I think, you know?"
"Take it to the bank dad. She'll be here around 7ish.
"Oh shit, I have to get your mom to trim my cock hair. I have to get a haircut too."

"Have you forgotten we have Carol the beautician in the family and you can get the first class chair treatment in her shop, PLUS a blowjob?"
"Oh yeah, remind me tomorrow."
"You mean you actually fucked her?"
"Lisa licked her pussy?"

"Yes and yes and we BOTH licked her, and she sucked both of us."
"Oh shit Billy, I'm going upstairs and fucking either one of them right now, Whoever is closest to the door is getting nailed right now."
"Let's do it. I'll take the one you don't get to."

Both of us with hard dicks ran through the house towards the smell of sweet and needed pussy.

When we opened the door, Lisa was bent over mom's pussy, as mom laid on the bed with her legs upward and moaning.

Dad didn't care a bit and went right for Lisa's raised ass and slid straight in, in seconds.
I quickly decided to let Lisa finish making mom cum and just knelt at mom's side while she sucked me.
It was nice, and I grabbed a pillow to jamb under her head to make the angle perfect for sucking.

Lisa moaned her head off but kept her mouth on mom all the while dad excitedly rammed in and out of her wet pussy.

I think mom finally realized why he was so eager right now and smiled as she looked up to me with my cock in her mouth.
She began to moan an orgasm around my cock as I watched Lisa suck her pussy up and down and then took mom's clit in her mouth.
Mom couldn't get enough of my cock, and of Lisa's sucking lips before she finally let me go and screamed another really good big O.

I motioned to Lisa to move to mom's side while dad was still fucking her. She moved, and dad never missed a beat into her ass now.
I got between mom's legs and she quickly aimed my cock for me and we fucked once more like starved animals.

Lisa was laying right next to me as dad was plowing the shit out of her and moaning. He was fucking her with abandon and probably thinking back to missed pussy with Susan, and how nice Lisa was feeling right now.
Every once on a while Lisa would raise her head and look at me while she was being fucked from behind. She would watch me sliding into mom and grinding in circles the favorite of mom's.
Mom was scratching up and down my back with her own excitement, and having two orgasms pulled from her by Lisa and now me. I was working on her third.

Suddenly I had an idea to ask dad to switch real fast.
The woman moaned as our cocks were pulled out but the chatter stopped when we changed and started up again with our own partners.
Mom was the first to really let go as dad plowed hard into her.

"Fuck the shit out of me honey, like Billy just did, I'm right there honey. Fuck me.
Dad rammed a few times more and they seemed to both explode at the same time.
Watching them seemed to set Lisa off again and her pussy clamped down tight on my cock and I felt her shudder from deep within her somewhere.
Her head was way back as her mouth opened wide with an almost silent scream while she orgasmed this time.
Mom's hand was under her and probably massaging her hanging tits.

We all rested and caught our breath and then talked some more. After a while, both dad and me switched again and fucked the women good and proper. At least good enough to last for an hour or two.
Both of them went to mom's bathroom to clean up and probably feel each other's pussies some more.
Dad and me wentr down to the living room and rested while we watched a ball game.
I knew damn well he was dying to dig out my reaction from us fucking each other the day before, but I think he decided against bringing it up for now.
"I needed that right now," was all he said.
"I agree. Switching hitters like that is nice once in a while."

"I was talking about that excellent pussy upstairs Billy."
"Well, so was I," as I continued to deliberately keep my eyes on the TV. 
Then he realized I was yanking his chain.

    About a half hour later mom and Lisa came down the stairs. Both had on shorts and cute open necked blouses.
No bras as usual.
"That was really nice guys."

Mom went over to dad on his recliner and leaned down to kiss him. She reached down and cupped his cock and smiled as she raised up.
I'm really happy honey, that  you still have all this piss and vinegar in you after all these years.
Then she kissed him again and leaned further down to kiss the head of his cock in her hand.

"We're going to the store for some needed groceries honey. Want anything special for din din?"
"No, whatever you feel like making is fine with me."

As her and Lisa got to the doorway she turned with a smile, "If any strange pussy happens to come around, you have my permission to check it out." and they left.

"Nice to always have your wife's permission Billy," He smiled.

I went out to clean our cars while he puttered around the front and back yards with the gardens.

He invited Dan and Nikki over for dinner when he saw them pulling in their drive across the road.

He mentioned it to me as I was crawling out of the car after vaccuuming.
I told him I was going to eat Nikki's pussy tonight right in front of everyone again.
"She really got off on that last time I did it dad. While all of you were watching us."
She told me upstairs that she ripped off two big O's down here while I was licking the shit out of her pussy and she knew Dan was watching too."

"Seem's the women really like that stuff of being watched while they're getting fucked."

"Personally, I really get off watching you and your mother. Every time."

"Well, I'll see if I can't keep you happy again tonight too," I smiled.
It was about 6 PM when the woman carrying my baby and her brother Dan walked in the yard.
This time, she was only wearing a loose fitting sack type shortie dress.
"It's too damn hot to wear anything that would fit me anymore damn it." Nikki complained.
I was sitting next to dad as she walked up in front of us.

I smiled up to her and lifted the front of the shortie and kissed her bulging belly and reached up further to cup her tits for a moment.
They were really heavy now and her nipples stood out more than usual.
There was only about a month left before the baby would be born.
"I don't feel one bit sexy Billy. Not today at least. "

"I'll change THAT mood a little later hon."
Then I stood and kind of whispered in her ear that I wanted to lick her pussy again like I did the last time, so that dad could watch.
"Well, sure, OK. I did like that Billy, but please don't expect a whole lot from me tonight. I just don't feel up to all of that."
"Its perfectly Ok honey." 
"I just want to make you and I both feel good for a while."
"OK Billy, I know I'll like it because you really do that nice for me."

I leaned into her and placed my hand on the baby and kissed her once more.

Soon, mom and Lisa were back, and then Carol shortly afterward.
I made a point to let Carol know that she had a PROFESSIONAL job to do on dad to trim his hair and trim his cock hair too. "He expects the full treatment from you too, I mean you still DO include blowjobs with hair cuts  for family, don't you?"
"For you or daddy?........."Anytime Billy. Anytime."

   Mom, Lisa and Nikki went into the house to prepare dinner while Carol went to her car and got a little breifcase.
She had a broad smile as she came back up on the pool deck and asked all us guys to lay on the deck with our legs in the water.

    She had a lot of fun as we all did it, and then she took her time trimming me first, and then sucking my cock while the other guys watched.
Then she went to Dan, looking at his thick black bush.
It took her five minutes for trimming him and then she sucked him too, while dad and me watched.

Then she eased over to dad.
"You get the first class treatment daddy."
Then she trimmed his head hair as he sat up, and then she eased into the water and trimmed his cock hair.
"You get a choice daddy. Its included in the first class package. Would you like a nice wet blowjob, or a nice wet pussy?"

Dad's cock was throbbing between her tits and she stood in the water.
Dad was laying down now, as he moaned. "Oh honey, I would like just a blowjob right now." I need my strength for later honey."
"Sure daddy!"  Then Carol trapped his cock into her tits and moved up and down to tit fuck him while she sucked his cock each time it came near.
She was deliberately capturing his balls too.
Dad was writhing and moaning through all of it and I complained that I only got second class service.

    Soon, she knew dad was near and she took his whole cock in her mouth while she stroked him into a nice cum as mom and the other girls came back just in time to watch him shooting.
"I love you daddy. I love you with all my heart."
"I love you too, honey, and thanks for the trim job."
"I didn't want to look too raggedy when your mother's girlfriend comes over here.
"Well, your cock is now really presentable to any woman daddy."
Both of them laughed.

She had crawled out of the pool and knelt next to his chest as she leaned down to kiss him.
She spent a few more minutes caressing his hairy chest before mom and Lisa said everything was ready.
All of the women instantly noticed our trim jobs that Carol gave us.
"Mom, I think I was able to help Billy add that extra half inch to catch up with daddy."

I decided to mention to the guys that we return the favor and trim all the women's pussies after dinner.
I knew the guys would go for it right away becauase life's a bitch, and then you get a pussy hair stuck in your teeth.

    
























   


