I've always loved art, but this wasn't an interest shared by my wife. First a little about me. I'm a former athlete in my younger years, an avid sports fan, and have been a runner and have worked out all my life. I've often been told I look 10 years younger than my 55 years. I've always wanted to spend a day at the Art Museum enjoying the art. After having my wife refuse to go once again, I finally decided to go alone. The longer we've been married, the less we do together, including sex. I had resigned myself to my appointment with my hands in my morning shower. I still have a strong sex drive that needs frequent relief.
The day started with my mandatory six mile run. I always feel more alive after a good run. I showered and dressed in slim fit jeans and a tailored polo. I was proud of my body and liked how tailored fitting clothes showed it off. I grabbed a cup of coffee for the drive, kissed my wife on the cheek and was on my way.
I paid the hefty entry fee and was given a museum magazine, which included a floor plan of the exhibits on entering. I walked the various displays, enjoying the wide range of styles and subject matter. I was about half way through when I noticed a coffee shop with courtyard seating. It was a beautiful sunny day, so I decided to have a cop of coffee and enjoy the sun.
I sat at at an outside table and started looking through the museum magazine. I looked up and noticed a very distinguished gentleman sitting alone several tables over. I guessed he was probably in his mid sixties. He had salt and pepper hair cut in a traditional business cut, and a neatly trimmed mustasche. I must have looked at him too long as I noticed he was staring back at me. I looked away, and then looked back and he was still looking at me. He smiled and nodded and I returned the smile and resumed looking at the magazine. I felt a presence, looked up, and he was standing, towering over me. He had to be at least six inches taller than me.
"Good morning! It's such a beautiful morning. It would be a shame to spend it alone. May I join you?"
He was very tall, slim, nicely dressed and a handsome man. He had startled me. Before I could think, I answered "please do, have a seat, I'm Don."
Victor introduced himself and was a wonderful conversationalist, quickly putting me at ease. Soon we were talking like old friends. He was semi retired and had lost his wife to cancer two years earlier. I found him easy to talk to and was glad he had introduced himself. When he spoke he would stare into my eyes, not looking away. Normally a man looking at me so intently would make me uncomfortable, but his blue eyes were so comforting, we continued holding each others gaze. It reminded me of how I would look at a woman that I was flirting with. I realized that I was confused, feeling an attraction to him, but sure there was nothing to it. We finished our coffee and began to walk through the museum.
He was very knowledgeable, explaining many of the works as we walked through the greek revival section. We came to a replica of the statute of David. He stopped in front of it and commented "What a beautiful representation of the male body. I can't walk past it without pausing to admire it." He walked around the statute and continued "he is so perfectly muscled, and what a beautiful ass. Don't you think so?"
I was confused by his comments as they seemed to be broader than being art appreciation. Was he making a sexual observation? Or a sexual overture to me? I wasn't sure what to say, so I responded "yes, I see men in the gym working hard to achieve such a beautiful result."
"And you look like you are one of them. You have quite a nice body yourself."
I caught myself blushing, and we continued to walk. The conversation returned to art, which I was thankful for. I was getting the urge to piss as the coffee was running through me. I saw a restroom and explained I needed to go. He said he could also use some relief and we entered. There were two urinals and two stalls. I walked up to a urinal and opened my slim fitting jeans, as it was too hard to get my cock out through the zipper opening. I pulled my cock out of my high rise briefs and with my hands on my hips I started pissing. He was at the urinal next to me and I heard him start to piss, also.
I sensed that he was looking at me. Being taller, he could easily see my cock. I don't know why, but I noticed my cock was starting to get hard. I looked up at him. He was looking down at my cock, then looked up and our eyes met. He then intentionally looked back at my cock, and then back at me and smiled. He then looked down at his cock. My gaze followed his and I was looking at his cock, which he was slowly stroking to erection. It had to be an inch longer than my six and a half inches, and a little bit fatter. I was mesmerized. I had seen many cocks over the years in locker rooms, but I had never seen a man stoke his cock or seen an erect cock, except in the movies.
He commented "You have a nice cock. Do you like what you see?" He turned facing me and reached for my cock. I pushed his hand away. Our eyes met and he smiled and held my gaze.
"Victor, I'm sorry, but I'm not gay."
He continued to stare into my eyes and smile. I continued to search his eyes, without looking away, when I felt him gently grab my cock and start to stroke it. I didn't stop him this time. His hand felt warm on my cock that was now hard as a rock. He grabbed my hand and pulled it to his cock and I was touching another man's cock for the first time in my life. It was like mine but different. It felt nice in my hand. I don't know why, but I started stroking it like he was stroking mine. We continued to stroke and stare into each others eyes, when he leaned over and took my cock in his mouth and too briefly sucked on it. It felt amazing, but he stopped and stood up.
"This is not the place for this, I live nearby. Why don't you come over for a cup of coffee? And if you like, we can finish what we have started."
I didn't answer, and continued to look at his cock as he put it back in his pants and zipped up. I quickly put my cock away and followed him out. As we were exiting the museum he gave me his phone number and address and told me to follow him. He was driving a brand new Jag convertible. I followed in my Jeep Wrangler.
My mind was racing as I followed Victor. What was I doing? His mouth felt amazing, but it was more than that. In over 30 years of marriage my wife had never let me put my cock in her mouth. She said that was perverted. I never could understand what could be so bad about giving a blowjob, but had learned to live without it. And now this handsome, masculine man wanted to suck my cock. What else did he want to do? Would he expect me to reciprocate? What would I do? Would I like it?
We were driving in an exclusive neighborhood of large homes. He pulled in a driveway and pulled around back and parked. I parked next to him and got out, impressed with the house, which was more like an estate. We walked around his lap pool and entered through french doors into a large family room.
Victor spoke, "would you like the cup of coffee first, or would you like something stronger?"
"I would love a drink to calm my nerves. Do you have scotch?"
He fixed us drinks and led me back to his bedroom. My scotch was empty by the time we got there. He took my empty glass and put it down on the bedside table.
"Let's get out of our clothes and get comfortable." We stripped and he pulled the covers back. I stood there and took in his body. He was in surprisingly good shape for a man his age, and his nice cock was already hard.
He stood in front of me and put his arms around me and moved in to kiss me. I turned my head to the side. He backed off, grabbed my shoulders and looked into my eyes.
"Victor, I'm sorry. I've never been with a man before."
"You are here, and you have an impressive hard on. I think you want to be here. We won't do anything you don't want to do, and can stop at any time should you want to."
He leaned in to kiss me again. This time I closed my eyes and welcomed his kiss. He gently kissed my lips several times and then pushed his tongue into my mouth. Our tongues began to dance together as he pushed his tongue in deeper, dominating mine. I began to suck on his tongue, something I had never done before but felt compelled to do. His whiskers rubbing on my face was a new, erotic feeling. Even though my eyes were closed, there was no mistaking that I was being kissed by a man. I wrapped my arms around him and hugged him tightly, returning his kiss with a new level of raw passion that I had never felt before. I continued to suck on his tongue and knew that I did want to be here, that what I wanted was to suck his cock, experience sex with a man.
Continuing to kiss, we moved to the bed and we lay down with him on top of me. This was so different, being on the bottom and with the weight of a man on me. He started humping me and grinding his cock on mine. He was the aggressor, in charge and taking the lead. This was uncomfortable for me, a typical alpha male, so I rolled us over, still continuing our kiss. I whispered in his ear "I've never sucked a cock before, and I want to suck yours."
I moved down and grabbed his cock and started stroking it and looking at it up close. I had never seen a cock so close, and so hard! I tentatively licked around the head and then licked from the base up to the head. It felt good on my tongue. There was only a very mild, pleasant taste, unlike the strong smell and taste of a woman. I took it in my mouth and moved down it's length, taking it into the depth of my mouth. I was amazed at how easy, and fun this was. Why my wife always refused was a mystery.
I was really getting into it when Victor said "Stop! easy with your teeth!" He pulled me back up and gave me a quick kiss. "I love your enthusiasm, but you need to take it slower and keep your teeth out of the way. Let me show you."
He moved down, kissing my nipples and licking my belly button. He then engulfed my cock into his hot, wet mouth and sucked the entire length, sending shivers of pleasure through my body. He licked down to my balls and gently licked and sucked on them while continuing to stroke me. Having my balls sucked was a wonderful new experience, but I wanted him on my cock. I needed to cum. "Victor, please suck my cock. I need to cum!"
Instead, he moved up and kissed me deeply as he humped me. "Not yet, I want you to suck me like I was sucking you," and pushed me down towards his manhood.
I kissed and gently sucked on his hairy chest and kissed my way down his hairy stomach. It was so erotic, so different than a smooth, soft, hairless woman. I grabbed his cock and took it into my mouth and slowly sucked it in, careful to keep my teeth off it and moved up and down it's length. After going up and down the full length with my mouth for several minutes, I grabbed the base and pumped the shaft as I focused on sucking the head and using my tongue to massage it. I tasted his pre-cum leaking out and loved the taste. I continued, wondering what it would feel like to have him cum in my mouth. And I wanted him to cum in my mouth. It struck me that I had no apprehension about it.
"Oh yes, Don, this feels fabulous. Don't stop, I'm getting close." I felt his body start to shake and he stiffened, lifting his ass off the bed as he started streaming cum into my eager mouth.
The taste was pleasantly distinctive. My first load of cum. I continued to suck and swallow, slowing my pace. The thrill of making him cum, bringing him pleasure, made me feel proud. But it was over too soon, leaving me wanting more, yes, wanting more cum. I wanted to savor the taste, the texture, but I was so busy sucking and swallowing. I felt a new closeness to Victor. This was a new and different feeling, and I liked it.
I moved up and kissed him, pushing my tongue into his mouth, french kissing him. He rolled us over so that he was on top and said, "Don, you sure are a quick study. That was a great blowjob, better than many that I have had. With some practice, I'm sure you will become an even better cock sucker."
I wasn't offended by him calling me a cock sucker. I actually liked it. "Victor, there is nothing I would like better than to practice on your cock, as often as you would like me to."
He kissed his way down my body and soon had my cock deep in his mouth. It had stayed rock hard while I sucked him, but now I didn't want to cum too quickly. I wanted to enjoy his masterful cock sucking skills, paying close attention to his techniques for my next time, and I knew there would be a next time. He moved down and licked and sucked my balls, continuing to slowly stroke my cock with one hand and lifted my leg towards my chest with his other hand. He moved lower, licking down to my asshole. I raised my other leg giving him better access. I had never even thought about my ass in a sexual way, but this new experience felt fabulous. I felt vulnerable, like I had never felt before, but knew I was his and wanted to fully experience being with him. I loved it as he probed my hole with his tongue. He continued to push his tongue in and out, and licking around the opening. He stopped and spit on my hole and his tongue was replaced by a finger as he took my cock back into his mouth. His finger was massaging my prostate in unison with his sucking my cock. The double stimulation was amazing. I began to shudder uncontrollably as I felt a massive orgasm building. He increased the pressure and pace with his finger and his mouth. It was like nothing I had ever felt before as I erupted in his mouth.
I put my feet down on the bed as he softly licked my cock clean. Staying between my legs, he moved up on top of me and kissed me. I hugged him tightly and wrapped my legs around his waist. Having the weight of a man on top of me was so different than my petite wife. His hairy chest on mine was so exciting. He had his cock under me and I felt him start to hump me as we kissed, rubbing his cock up and down my ass crack. A sense of fear came over me. Did he plan to fuck me?
As he slowly humped me, he whispered in my ear, "Did you enjoy my blowjob? Did you like my fingering your ass?"
"That was the most intense orgasm I've ever had. It was amazing!"
"I thought so. I knew the minute I saw you that I had to have you, and I'm sure you are going to love giving yourself totally to me. You have such a beautiful ass."
He reached over and grabbed some lube and put some on his cock and in my ass. He started kissing me again and I felt him put the head of his cock against my asshole and start to push it gently. It was painful, even though he was going slow. I soon felt his pubic hair on my ass and knew he was fully in. He stopped and held it there, letting me get used to having his cock buried in me. We were one. He leaned in and kissed me. As he continued to kiss me, he began to slowly withdraw his cock most of the way out, then pushed it back in. I focused on it rubbing my prostate as it moved in and out. The pain was being replaced with pleasure. He lifted up so he was on his hands as he looked down at me. Our eyes met. I put my hands on his arms, holding him as he continued to fuck me.
I thought of all the times I had looked down at my wife while I fucked her, and now I was the one being fucked. I was consumed with the desire to please Victor, and remembered how hot it was when my wife would move in unison with me as I fucked her. I started moving my pelvis to meet each of his thrusts. A silly thought entered my mind. I remembered in my youth, that when I would be fucking a chick on a first date, they would often state that they were not a whore and asked if I would respect them afterwards. I continued to meet each thrust as his cock sent waves of pleasure through my body. I looked down and watched his stomach muscles contracting with each movement. The pleasure was amazing and I felt an orgasm starting to grow. I grabbed my cock and started stroking it as we continued to fuck faster and faster. He was pounding my ass and I was driven over the edge and started shooting cum all over my chest and stomach. My orgasm created spasms in my ass that I had never noticed before. Victor groaned and pushed his cock in deep and held it there as I felt it pulsing and throbbing as he was shooting his cum deep in me. He collapsed on my chest and I hugged him and kissed him on his neck. I still had my legs around his waist and using my feet on his ass, held him in so that he couldn't pull out. I shuddered again, still trying to catch my breath.
"Victor, my mind is spinning. You are amazing. I've never felt so fulfilled. What does this mean? what comes next? I don't want this to end. What do I tell my wife? Do I tell her anything? Am I gay?"
I felt his cock slipping out of my ass as it softened. "Don, relax. We just had some amazing sex. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did. It was better than I imagined, and I had high expectations. You are so hot and your tight ass was fabulous. I'm already looking forward to making love to you again. We can make whatever we want out of it. I know I want to have you again. I was always told by my wife that if I want sex that I had to wine and dine her first. It looks like I got things out of order this time. Let's get a shower and then I'll buy you dinner."
He got up and headed to the shower and I followed, feeling giddy, wanting to be close to him. It hit me that it was getting late and I needed to call my wife and let her know I'd be late. I grabbed my phone and called her, motioning to Victor to shhh. She answered as Victor started stroking my cock. I tried to push him away, but he leaned in and took my cock in his mouth and started sucking. I did my best to stay calm and tell her how much I'd enjoyed the museum and that I met a nice man and we were going to dinner. I was starting to breathe hard from the great blowjob I was getting. She asked if I was OK, that I sounded odd. I assured her I was fine and ended the call.
"Victor, are you trying to get me in trouble? Let's shower and go to dinner. I don't want to be too late."