DG let out a low whistle. "Ine'che, your powers of understatement are legendary."

The trove of emeralds and weaponry from the Emerald City was staggering. The room had been warded carefully and simply, to be found when needed and not before. The locket around DG's neck seemed to hum in sympathy with the emeralds that were locked away in that room. "I wonder why only the Emerald of the Eclipse was left out in the open, then," Cain said from DG's side. "There were all of these..."

"They were removed quite a long time ago," Ine'che said, shrugging. She had picked up on the human habit and it seemed to suit her fairly well. Though to be honest, much of humanity in the OZ made her want to shrug. They made little sense, the way they decried one sister for something that had been out of her control. Still, they were foolish creatures and at least were not long lived.

"I think it was too much power for whoever was in charge," DG said with certainty. There was no proof to back up that claim, but it didn't stop her from saying it. The sense of power in the emeralds was enormous, much as the Emerald of the Eclipse had felt powerful. A room full of those emeralds was a power to untold levels, and the ability to use that power had been lost generations ago.

"It's a pity your kind no longer reads or speaks the language of magic," Ine'che said with a sigh. "All Practitioners of old could do that."

DG looked around the room and rested her hands on a sword that was inscribed with runes resembling the picture language of the Ancients. "You could teach me, couldn't you?"

Ine'che made a face at the request. "This is difficult to try to teach, Princess. It would be like trying to teach breathing."

"But sometimes you do, right? I mean, you can teach someone to hold their breath or breathe properly to sing. Couldn't you try at least a little bit? Like Ozma taught me how to read knots?"

She nodded slowly. "And you have a sense of magic, at least. Colors, you said. So perhaps if we use that as a start, it may not be so difficult to teach you at least the basics of the Old Speech. Nuance might be beyond us, however."

"Well, I'm not expecting to be as fluent as you are. But at least know enough to use these things if I need to," DG reasoned. She turned to look at Cain, who was inspecting the weapons with a dubious eye. "Well? Do you think they'll work?"

He looked up and thought it over for a moment. "I think they survived intact. The swords and shields and armor are still useful. I'm not sure about the bows and arrows, but I wouldn't be an expert on that. The guns look like they'll still fire." He picked one up and looked down its sight at DG with a quirk of his lip. "I'd say this one is even lighter than the gun I have now, with a truer sight than my own."

DG came close as he put down the gun, her mouth quirked into a similar smile. "So hang onto it. You're going to be one of my Generals, you know."

"I would think that was obvious," Cain told her. "Though it's not as if you have many options."

"I was going to ask Glitch and Raw to help," DG said. "Kind of get everyone back together."

"As if any of us were ever far away," Cain said with a wry tone.

"You collect people," Ine'che agreed with a smile. "It's much the same way your ancestor did, actually."

"Dorothy Gale, you mean? The first Dorothy Gale?"

"That would be the one, correct," Ine'che replied with a smile. "I find it fitting that her namesake follows in her footsteps."

"And she grew up on the Other Side, too. She didn't know this Old Speech. She had to learn it, too, right?"

Ine'che shrugged. "I never met the girl, so I don't know. But I've never heard tell of poor communication between our kind. It might very well be that she learned the Old Speech from Ozma."

DG closed her fist around the locket Ozma had given her. "Well, I suppose it's only fitting, then. She helped my greatest-great-grandmother with the OZ, and I'm going to help her with the Mirror Zone."

Cain slid an arm around DG's waist and kissed the top of her head lightly. "And we'll be right here to help you do it."
***
The Shadow Brigade was a rather pretentious name for the motley collection of creatures that once had belonged to the Unseelie Court. They had scattered after the fall of the Court and the continued prominence of Queen Lurlaine. A handful had escaped to the OZ and remained in the shadows, hitching rides in the living when necessary. Riding the living had to be a careful decision, as it took too much energy for control over higher consciousnesses. Animals were easy to do, and plentiful. So the handful of Brigade members had survived this way.

A new pure shadow faerie arrived from the Mirror Zone, however. It wasn't well known, and took months to filter out to the countryside.

A Seelie Shadow, betrayed by the Queen for failure, had been resurrected by Princess Dorothy Gale. She now willingly chose to serve the Gale line, and the current scion of the line wanted to wage war against Lurlaine.

DG didn't realize it, but she was going to recreate the Unseelie Court.

The Shadow Brigade had pledged its allegiance to the Unseelie Court, not to a particular leader. As it was, the whispers about DG were at least pleasant ones. The humans had fought the Sorceress, who had possessed her elder sister. While the humans didn't trust the sister, they were willing to trust DG and the Queen.

Still, humans were ignorant of the Unseelie Court. They had no idea the shadows held teeth and claws. The humans were sheep, blind to the flow of magic and might, content to wallow in their meaningless lives.

Our Court survives, Nati whispered to the darkness. Do you not feel it? And the new Court will rise, drawing the remnants of the old to her. The magic flows now.

Nati was the eldest of the Shadow Brigade, and he held his fellows only loosely. As long as they didn't jeopardize any Brigade members or reveal their presence, he was content to let them wander the OZ's shadows and dark corners. Now, however, a Court was building. Revenge was at hand.

The Shadow Brigade needed to form again.

The Old Speech connected Practitioners and magical creatures. The OZ had too few Practitioners, too few that knew the ancient tongue. Nati hadn't heard any speech from the current OZ Practitioners. Still, he held out hope that they would learn it and they could plan properly.

The Shadow Brigade would be ready.
***
Azkadellia floated somewhere comfortable, though she knew she didn't belong there. Something had happened, something terrible, and she knew she had to get back. She just didn't know the way.

Aliana and Cliara sat there with her on the river's edge. Aliana lifted the water up, and Cliara froze it into little jagged icicles or bits of snow. Laughing, they watched it melt back into the water.

"You look troubled, my dear," Aliana commented. She had tried calling her niece once, but it had felt awkward on all sides. Better to stick to Delia or Dear.

"I'm forgetting something."

"The rabble are back at the gates," Cliara murmured, looking beyond them. "Shall I send them away?"

The rabble? Azkadellia didn't know who they meant.

But then she realized that they were seated in a small park, ringed on all sides with high stone walls, smooth to the touch and impossible to climb. Spikes were at the top, keeping everything off. There was a single large gate to this paradise, though no one else was present.

"I don't think you'd want them with us," Cliara continued. "I've rearranged some things so we could all be together. The others simply didn't fit."

The others, she realized, were not Practitioners.

Azkadellia sat there, still troubled, still feeling something was wrong. DG had needed her, but left her. DG wasn't in this place for sisters, this peaceful realm. Why wasn't DG there? She had promised they would be together now. Azkadellia felt a pain in her gut, as if she had been stabbed. This happened off and on, less so now than when she first arrived. She had no idea how long ago that was, thoguh she felt she should have known that.

Azkadellia felt her abdomen, smooth and whole. She thought there should have been a hole there, bleeding from a wound carved from ice.

Then the flash was gone. This had happened a lot in the beginning, too. It was like she had simply forgotten something vitally important, though she couldn't imagine what that might be.

"Oh, go send them away, Az," Aliana said, a mischievous twinkle in her eyes. "Cliara has all the fun sometimes."

A flash of ice and snow, tears and death. Something happened to her because of Cliara, she was sure of it. Aliana was the younger sister, the softer and weaker one. She bowed to Cliara's wishes, though she was capable of undermining them if she didn't agree. The sisters didn't always agree. Sometimes Cliara thought Aliana's wanderings were just to get her into trouble.

Azkadellia opened the gates, the rabble poured inside.

She dimly remembered their faces, Resistance fighters, Longcoats and random palace staff. They pushed past her, they shouted and railed. "You should have only taken their skills!" Cliara cried, angry. "You don't need all of them!"

She saw Zero there. "I got rid of you."

He grasped her arms and spun her about, shoving her up against the smooth stone wall. "I loved you," he rasped, eyes wild. What had she gotten rid of, then? "I loved you, worshiped you, wanted you on your rightful throne..."

"You wanted to kill my mother and sister!"

"Details," he sneered. "You didn't worry about that before."

"You're the one that did this, got them worked up enough to rush the gates."

"It needed to be done."

"Why?"

"You deserve the throne," he told her, leaning in to kiss her neck, his hands roaming over her. There was no corset to this dress, just fabric clinging to her like a second skin. He groaned in ecstasy, nuzzling her, his body pinning her up against the wall. "You will be great and powerful, and I will be at your side."

"Everything you loved wasn't me!" she gasped, unable to push him off. "It was her! An older her, bitter from being alone."

But most of Aliana had been ripped from her cruelly, so this was missing. Cliara's bitterness remained, but she didn't care for Zero or Azkadellia. She was stripping the rabble down, unraveling their souls to examine them as threads and patterns. Azkadellia had only guessed at her weaving. She had come close, and with time may have realized her mistakes and fixed them. Cliara didn't feel like waiting. She simply created a loom and began to weave a new piece of fabric for Azkadellia to slip into. Aliana looked on, leaving Azkadellia to deal with Zero. It wasn't their situation, and they were certain that she could handle it on her own.

That knowledge spurred her into action. She pushed Zero back, startling him. "I don't have use for this!"

"I can give you the ambition you lost!"

"I don't want the throne! I don't want you!"

Zero seemed to collapse in on himself at the words. "Not even a little bit?" he asked, hopeful.

"No, not even. I have loves." Even as she said it and knew it to be true, Azkadellia wondered where they were. Why weren't they with her as they promised to be? Why did they leave her all alone?

No, that wasn't quite right. She wasn't alone. Callan and Della would never leave her of their own volition. Ever.

"You're keeping me from them!"

"I only love you," Zero repeated, stepping forward. "I only want to please you."

"Then you'll let me unravel you," Azkadellia insisted.

He paled. "You did it once already..."

"That was clumsy, and I hurt you." She cupped his face in her hands, and he crumbled like a child after a nightmare. "I'll be careful with you."

"I love you," he repeated stubbornly. "I can help you."

"I know you can," she said soothingly. "But not as you are right now."

She had ripped out the truly virulent and unstable parts of him but this didn't make him any less dangerous. He was cunning and hateful, terrible and devious. He would do harm if he thought it would help her, though their goals were not the same.

He laid his hands on her hips and tried to pull her closer. "One last kiss before I die again?"

She didn't want to kiss him on the mouth. She tipped his head down and kissed his forehead. Though disappointed, he did accept it. "I'm sorry I don't love you the same way. I'll take good care of you."

He smiled at her, giving permission this time.

Azkadellia unraveled him slowly, carefully, reducing him down to patterns and threads. She pulled and twisted at it until the threads lay true. Any barbed edges were discarded at her feet. She brought the thread to Cliara, who finished weaving the others into a single piece of cloth.

"I knew you could do it," Cliara told her approvingly. "You just needed to let go of your fear of him. Most men are still like lost children inside."

"And what about the two of you?"

"What about us?" Cliara asked, whisking the Zero thread out of her hands. "You can't possibly want us reduced this way. We're Practitioners, dear. We'd overwhelm you. The rabble overwhelmed you."

"So what do we do? I need to get back to DG. I need to help her. She wants to start a war with Faerie, she wants to take down Queen Lurlaine."

"We'll help her, of course," Aliana told Azkadellia with a smile. "We just won't be driven down to foundation threads."

Azkadellia shivered. She looked down and she was as naked as the other two. "So what now?"

"My dear," Aliana murmured, sliding her arms around Azkadellia's shoulders. "We'll take care of you. We'll help you. As equals, not as servants."

Cliara ran the last of the thread into the loom. She pulled out a final product, a dark blue fabric that Azkadellia loved. "Let's dress you properly for the outside world."

Aliana pulled the fabric over Azkadellia and it flowed like water. It wrapped itself around her, a second skin. Then it pushed itself beneath her skin, just beneath. Memories and abilities flooded her mind, and Azkadellia fell into Aliana's waiting arms. Aliana kissed her gently on the mouth, hands moving to cup her breasts. "Accept us as we are, as we accept you as you are. We'll be part of you, but equal parts."

Cliara grasped Azkadellia's hips and bent her head down to kiss her mons. "Your physical body belongs to your loves. They cover and protect you." She slid her fingers inside of Azkadellia gently, a lover's caress. "In time, you'll love us as more than sisters. Faerie is a wild place, with few rules." Azkadellia gasped as Cliara worked the last of the spelled cloth inside of her, fingers fast against her clit, her lips just above her fevered skin.

Aliana pressed a kiss to her temple. "You understand us, and we love you now." She stroked Azkadellia's breasts, making her even more wet and aching for Cliara's fingers. Azkadellia felt as if she was a proxy, as if the sisters had really wanted each other. But then the pleasure grew intense, and she came beneath their hands.

Once she did, the fabric made from soul threads was completely bound to her. Sex magic.

The sisters sat back and let Azkadellia collect herself. "Lurlaine discovered our niece had given of herself to your ancestor. That is the basis for your magic. But it's also tied to your physical body, to love and loss. Pain keeps you from growing, from regenerating yourself."

Azkadellia brushed her hair back, and she was wearing a dark blue dress. The sisters were back in their light blue dresses, as if nothing untoward had just happened. Maybe it hadn't. "And then sex regenerates you," she guessed.

"Well... Love. Happiness. Positive emotions," Cliara said.

"Lurlaine doesn't believe the truth," Aliana said. Her tone was mournful. "But she uses this theory to steal magic from Ozma."

"What?" Azkadellia looked between the two sisters. "Stealing like I did?"

"Yes. She's been taking Ozma's magic for thousands of years then forcing her to regenerate it to steal it again," Cliara told her. "This was the basis for our war."

"So how are we supposed to win now if you lost?"

"Surprise," Aliana whispered. "Water in a crack can split open boulders."

"We are three in one," Cliara told her. Azkadellia thought perhaps their faces were beginning to blur together into something indistinct. "Different aspects of water."

"But I'm not..." Azkadellia began.

"Air," Aliana began patiently.

"It's contains water. The breath of life contains water," Cliara finished.

"You hold the dual natures of air and complete our trinity," Aliana murmured. "Lurlaine doesn't know this."

"So what does that mean?"

Cliara's smile was downright lethal. "She'll underestimate you. And if we're lucky, it'll be just enough to kill her."

"Do we need to kill her?" Azkadellia asked quietly. "I don't want to kill anyone else if I don't have to."

Aliana touched her shouders gently. "She imprisoned us. She drove us insane from rage and pain and loneliness. No prison is secure. So yes, we must kill her. Otherwise, any mercy you show her will simply ruin the lives of your descendants."

Cliara cupped Azkadellia's face in her hands. "There's no other way."

"There must be."

"We tried, Delia," Aliana said softly. "There isn't."

Cliara kissed Azkadellia's forehead in much the same way she had kissed Zero's. "Wake up, Delia. It's time to get started."

Wake up?

But Azkadellia took in a deep breath, feeling an ache in her gut and a fire in her lungs.

Her eyes opened, and she finally woke up.
***
***