Part 7

Buck settled back in his chair, propping his foot on the rain barrel and watching the town gear up for a new day as he wondered when Chris and Vin would ride in. He expected it wouldn’t be past noon, if only because they knew Miss Lorrie needed her mare back, but he didn’t dwell on why they might be tired enough to sleep late.

Not that, of course, he had been able to think about much else the night before. Even Maggie had commented on him being distracted at dinner with her, asking if he was worried about his friends. The whole town knew Chris and Vin had gone out tracking the men who murdered Rory Calhoun, and it didn’t seem to surprise her a bit that Buck was restless. Buck had let Maggie think she knew why he was spending so much time brooding during their meal and then tried hard to pay her the attention she deserved, and she had seemed happy enough that morning that he figured he did a decent job of it.

The door to the jail closed behind him but Buck didn’t bother to look, sure it was JD that was dragging the other chair across the boardwalk behind him. No one else had been in the jail to be leaving it, which cut down on the possibilities considerable.

The young deputy put the chair next to Buck and flopped down in it a moment later, bright-eyed and sincere as only JD could be at barely an hour past sunup. “Hey Buck, you think Chris and Vin are okay? They’ve been gone a week today, and we said we’d go after them if they were out longer than that. They could be hurt or something.”

Buck chuckled and glanced over at JD, who looked eager as a pup scenting rabbit. The boy just wanted an excuse to saddle up and ride out like an avenging hero after his friends, and Buck knew it as well as he knew his name. “You’ll be seein’ them soon enough, JD. You weren’t in the saloon when I got back from checkin’ his place last night, and it plumb slipped my mind to tell you at breakfast that they stopped there to rest the horses. They’ll be ridin’ through towards the Calhoun place before long.”

“Oh.” JD’s face fell and he looked down, scuffing his toe against the boardwalk.

Buck’s mustache twitched as he looked back out at the people on the street, tipping his hat and nodding to a pretty girl who was riding by in a buckboard with a young man he figured was her older brother. She wasn’t being affectionate enough for him to be her beau, and she looked too young to be married. Of course, she was way too young for Buck, too, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t admire a bit. A little innocent appreciation never hurt anyone, and he knew better than most how to walk the fine line between flirting and courting.

Buck looked back at JD after the girl had passed, and he had to grin at the very definite pout on JD’s face. JD was a great kid, but he loved danger just a little bit too much for Buck’s comfort, even after all the scrapes he’d gotten in to. JD wasn’t nearly so quick to use his gun anymore, but he still had that wide streak of wild running through him that kept getting him in trouble. The kid had been downright hesitant to shoot since an accident stopping a bank robbery more than a year ago, so much so in fact that he’d gotten himself shot three times since then trying to do his job without a gun.

They had traded jobs a few times because of JD’s injuries, enough that half the people in town called them both Sheriff even though Buck had that reluctant pleasure at the moment. Buck had at least gotten JD to wear his guns again, and to practice with him a few times a week, so he figured it would only be a matter of time before JD got his confidence back and Buck could finally take off the badge he was wearing. Helping out JD when he was sheriff was one thing, but Buck would never have taken on the shiny target himself if Mary and JD both hadn’t begged him to after Chris high-tailed it out of town with Vin to avoid being asked again. Buck figured Chris had the right idea, and he could hardly wait to get the damned target pinned to JD’s vest again where it belonged.

JD looked at Buck again after a minute, brightening. “If they’ll be back today, I guess that means we get some time off soon, right?”

Buck looked over at JD, grinning again. “Ought to, if they don’t get themselves wrapped up doing something for Miss Lorrie. Nathan’s been helping out on her place, but you know how Vin is when a lady needs a hand. She has crops to plant yet and who knows what else needs done around her place.”

JD snickered and nodded, rolling his eyes. “I swear, sometimes I think he’s sweet on half the ladies around here.”

Buck wasn’t even sure Vin noticed the ladies around town, especially not after what he’d seen the night before at Chris’ place. He hadn’t ever seen Vin go after a woman except for Charlotte, and looking back now he wondered if Vin would have even noticed her if Charlotte’s husband hadn’t treated her so bad. Vin was sweet as could be to ladies most of the time and would do just about anything for a lady he figured was in trouble, but Buck hadn’t ever seen him look at anyone the way Vin had looked at Chris the night before. Vin’s smile while he was pinned to that wall had been so different from his usual expression that Buck hadn’t quite believed he had seen it at first, and combined with the way Vin and Chris had played around it had brought home just how different both of them were acting. He’d seldom seen Vin without at least some hint of that guarded expression of his, and it had been years since he saw Chris so relaxed and cheerful as he had been while he was chasing Vin. He was happy for them, despite his serious misgivings.

“Nah, he’s just got a soft spot for the motherly type,” Buck disagreed after only a moment, his grin still firmly in place. JD looked skeptical so Buck added, “If you pay attention, JD, you might notice it’s the ladies with half-grown kids and the grannies that he’s such a pushover for. He lost his ma to a fever when he was pretty young, I think.” Nettie had been the one to tell him that and the canny old lady was always right on the money with her little tidbits of gossip.

“You must be speaking of the inimitable Mr. Tanner,” Ezra said dryly, sauntering up beside Buck. “Did they return while I enjoyed my morning repast?”

JD snickered as Buck looked at Ezra, wondering how he knew about Vin’s ma. “Nope, they didn’t wander in while you was feedin’ your face.” Ezra snorted softly at Buck’s rephrasing, making Buck grin a little wider. “Chris and Vin pushed the horses pretty hard to get back by the deadline we gave ‘em, so I imagine they’ll take their time ridin’ in today.”

“Mmm.” Ezra looked down the west road in the direction of the Larabee place as he said thoughtfully, “Much as I might enjoy a morning of idle gossip with you two fine upstanding lawmen, it sounds as though my services will not be needed today.” He flashed Buck and JD a smirk. “As such, this is the perfect opportunity for an enterprising gentleman such as myself to indulge in a profitable game of chance with the locals.” He tipped his hat to them and started back towards the saloon. “Enjoy your sheriffing, boys.”

“Have fun, Ezra,” Buck said, grinning.

Ezra paused to look back, smirking. “I most certainly shall. Today is payday.” He ignored Buck and JD’s snickers as he continued on down the sidewalk towards the saloon, which hadn’t yet opened the front curtains to signal it was open for business but would after Ezra settled in for the day. It was well known to be one of his favorite perks of owning the place, or at least most of it.

“If they’re not going to be riding in soon I may as well go patrol,” JD said with a grin, bouncing to his feet. He got a kick out of walking around town and having people greet him as Sheriff JD, which most locals still did even though he was officially the deputy. “You wanna come along?”

Buck chuckled. “Nah, you go on and enjoy, I’ll just sit here a spell and do the whole visible presence bit.”

JD grinned a little wider. “It works better when Chris does it. Nobody’s as scared of you as they are of him. You smile too much.”

Buck laughed and took off his hat to swing it at JD. “Get outta here, boy! Go find somebody else to bother!”

JD snickered and stepped off the boardwalk into the street, tipping that ridiculous hat of his to an elderly woman and her husband as their wagon passed him and then crossing the street to start his rounds.

Buck watched JD go for a moment, grinning, and then turned to look back down the street to the west for two familiar figures. He didn’t find them and let his gaze wander again, hardly even thinking about their relationship anymore. Sometime during the night it seemed to have worked out in his head, because when he got up it hadn’t seemed nearly as important who Chris was taking into his bed as it had the night before. Vin was good folks and Buck figured he could stand them being attached a little closer than before, even if he didn’t really understand it or approve. Besides, he didn’t figure it’d be possible to drive a wedge in between them this far down the road, and trying to do something that stupid was liable to get him shot.

Buck saw one of the girls who worked in the hotel saunter out of the alley across the street, and he smirked as he watched her head off down the boardwalk with her hips swaying. He lifted his other foot to the rain barrel, crossing his feet at the ankle as he settled in to just enjoy the view, secure in the knowledge no one would say anything against him loitering and watching the ladies go by. It was, after all, his job to keep an eye on things.

Sometimes it was pretty nice to be a lawman.

~*~*~*~

Chris and Vin had ridden out when the sun was barely up, but the trip into town had taken at least twice as long as it usually did even when they were taking their time. They had been forced to set such a slow pace because the sorrel gelding they had liberated from the outlaws had slid in the shale about a mile from Chris’ place and was strongly favoring his split front hoof whenever they crossed hard ground. He was barely lame on soft ground, and wasn’t hurt bad enough Vin thought they needed to worry about moving him, but they still held down their pace and they had stopped several times for Vin to check the sorrel's hoof again to make sure the injury wasn't getting worse. The gelding’s hooves were worn too short for it to do any good to stop in town and have him shod, and Vin thought he’d make it to the Calhoun place if they took it slow. It was just going to be a very long walk because the ground was sure to be hard for much of the trip.

Chris and Vin finally turned onto main street around ten, letting their horses amble along with the Calhoun horses following in a line behind Pony. The street was fairly crowded since many in the area who made a trip into town on Saturday tried to finish up early, as much to take advantage of the coolest part of the day as because cowboys came out of the woodwork on Saturday afternoons and loved to stir up trouble.

Chris snickered suddenly and Vin glanced at him, meeting Chris’ amused gaze and then following his nod towards the jail, which was beyond a freight wagon that had headed into town just about the same time they did. “Someone had fun last night, looks like.”

Vin laughed when he saw Buck sitting in front of the jail with his feet up on the rain barrel and his hat pulled down over his eyes, obviously asleep. Vin looked back at Chris, grinning wickedly and raising an eyebrow even though he didn’t say anything. He didn’t have to.

Chris winked at Vin and then guided Pony – and the Calhoun horses he had in tow – across the crowded street into the gap between the rain barrel and the hitch rail. Buck was oblivious to his approach, and Chris wasted no time turning Pony to one side to heel him in close enough that Chris could kick Buck’s feet off the barrel.

Buck flailed and he and the chair both fell over to land on the boardwalk with a bang. Buck barely managed not to fall off the boardwalk as he hollered, “What the hell?!”

Chris fought hard not to laugh, backing Pony out of the gap and then letting him stand while the Calhoun horses sidled away from Peso’s snapping teeth as Vin pulled Peso up next to Pony. Chris shot Vin a glance and they both barely managed to keep from snickering as they looked back over to watch Buck right himself. It only took Buck a minute to get to his feet and start dusting off his clothes with his hat as he gave them a murderous scowl.

“Chair throw you, Buck?” Chris asked mildly, even though his eyes were sparkling with restrained laughter.

“They’ll do that when you let your guard down,” Vin added sagely, trying hard to keep his expression deadpan. “Wily things, chairs.”

“Especially when you put ‘em so close to the street,” Chris agreed, nodding.

“Oh, ha ha.” Buck mostly managed to keep scowling, but his mustache twitched a bit and gave away the fact he wanted to laugh. “You two jokers are just plumb proud of yourselves for pickin’ on a poor tired ol’ cowboy, ain’t you?”

Chris smirked at Buck, crossing his wrists and leaning against his saddle horn. “More amusing than babysittin’ these horses, I got to admit.”

Vin snickered and added, “Especially when one of ‘em’s lame and slowing us down. Ridin’ through the canyons this week didn’t do his feet any good at all, and that shale patch between Chris’ place and town was too much for him.”

~*~*~*~

Buck righted his chair and then sat back down and put his feet up on the rain barrel again, though this time he braced them firmly instead of just crossing them at the ankle. “Miss Lorrie’d likely rather you left him at the livery, then.” He looked the three horses over, having no trouble spotting which one had harness marks on her or that the sorrel was the one favoring a split front foot, then added, “No reason to drag him all the way out there and lame him any worse when she’s likely to just sell him. Shouldn’t be hard for Yosemite to find him a spot in town until Miss Lorrie is ready to sell him, and it’ll save her the trouble of bringin’ him back in later. They don’t have stalls for more than two horses out on their place, and I’d think Danny’s more likely to want that paint if his ma lets him keep one of ‘em. It’s a nice one, even if it is wall-eyed.”

“She,” Vin corrected, grinning at Buck. “And there’s nothin’ wrong with blue eyes, ‘specially on a medicine hat.”

“Says you,” Buck replied, snickering. “Never met a wall-eyed horse I liked yet, I don’t care what kinda hat she’s wearin’.”

JD hurried up from across the street then, looking up at Chris and Vin as he stopped and patted Pony’s neck, careful not to get too close to Peso. The mustang would bite anyone but Chris that touched him while Vin was in the saddle, and often even when he wasn't. “Welcome back. Looks like you two didn’t have any trouble.”

“None to speak of,” Chris agreed, smiling at JD. “You keep your nose clean?”

JD grinned. “Yep. It’s been boring around here all week.”

Vin snickered. “Wait until tonight. Payday is just gettin’ started for most of the cowpokes ‘round here.”

Chris glanced at Vin, smiling wider, then back at JD. “We make it to Monday with the jail empty, then we’ll call it a slow week.”

Buck snorted, amused. “Hell, that ain’t gonna happen. We’ll have a few drunks by dawn tomorrow if nothing else. Ezra just got in a new shipment of that Highland Rye and a crate of good Kentucky bourbon, and the word’s spreadin’ like wildfire.”

“Must be easy, what with you helpin’ it along,” Vin said dryly.

JD laughed while Buck grinned at Vin and said, “Tellin’ you two don’t count. Even if you do get drunk we won’t be lockin’ either of you up. JD’s took enough lead to last him a while, and I never did like gettin’ perforated.”

“They wouldn’t shoot us, Buck,” JD protested, grinning. “Might cuss us some, but they wouldn’t shoot at us for doin’ our jobs.”

One corner of Chris’ mouth twitched into something not quite a smile. “I dunno, I might if someone decided his job was lockin’ me up. I never much liked the view from a cell.”

“Not near enough sky,” Vin added as he looked at Chris. “It gets on a body’s nerves, bein’ all cooped up in there.”

Chris glanced at Vin. “Not to mention the company we’d get tossed in with. No tellin’ what kind of trash’ll wind up in there the day after payday.”

“Folks we don’t wanna be sleepin’ with, that’s for sure,” Vin said, acting as if he was seriously thinking it over. “Better make sure we claim one of the bunks if we do get hauled in. I’ll let you have the pillow if I can have the blanket. You never get cold.”

“Deal,” Chris agreed, nodding. “I never noticed you tossin’ and turnin’ too much, an’ you don’t snore any worse ’n me.”

Vin’s lips quirked slightly, almost a smirk. “You could get jailed with Josiah. He likes that Kentucky bourbon near as much as you do.”

Chris snorted, but it sounded more like a laugh. “He’d shake the roof down, loud as he is sawin’ logs when he’s drunk, an’ even if he didn’t he might kill me in my sleep.” Josiah had a habit of having vivid dreams when he was drunk and might wake up strangling a friend or trying to eat his hat, depending on the dream.

JD looked from Chris to Vin and back again, obviously unsure if they were serious or not. “We wouldn’t really lock you up just for having a few drinks. You know that, right?”

“They know, JD,” Buck said, amused. “They’re funnin’ you, and doin’ a pretty good job of it the way they got you backin' water.”

JD swatted Buck’s leg, blushing. “Shut up, Buck!”

Buck snickered, hiding his own lingering surprise that Chris and Vin had so openly discussed how best to share a bed. It didn’t take long for him to realize he shouldn’t be surprised, though. More than once when they were all in tight quarters he had seen Vin settle in about as close to Chris as he could get without being in his lap. Neither of them had ever made any explanation for it, but the rest of the Seven all knew there wasn’t such a thing as too close between Chris and Vin, and never had been. Josiah had said once that Chris and Vin reminded him of two wolves in hostile territory, pressing close so that each could feel if the other reacted to anything, and Buck had to agree it was an apt comparison. More than half the time they were touching when they weren’t on the move, and if they weren’t then they could be counted on to be close enough to reach out and touch each other. It was just the way they were, especially if there was a decent chance of trouble.

It had bothered him for a long time that Chris seemed to trust Vin more than him, but eventually Buck had accepted it as part of the inexplicable bond between them. Of course, now that he knew how close Vin and Chris had become, he was suddenly just as glad that Chris never wanted that kind of closeness with him.

The very idea of having to try and deal with Chris wanting in his pants was enough to put him off his feed.

~*~*~*~

“Don’t worry,” Buck said to Chris to get the conversation going again, “I’ll tell Inez to cut you off while you can still ride. I’ve had enough of haulin' your drunk ass out of a saloon.”

Chris smiled, bemused. “You won’t have to drag me out of a bottle of bourbon tonight, Buck.”

“Or anytime soon.” Vin grinned at Buck. “Last time he ‘bout shot my head off when I was comin’ back from the barn, and I told him I was gonna use the Comanche firewater cure on him if he got that drunk again.”

Chris groaned and laughed, looking down at his hands, but he didn’t say anything. Taking a pot shot at Vin had been one of the stupider things he’d ever done. For a minute there he had been terrified because he almost hurt Vin, and then he had seen the look in Vin's eyes and started worrying that Vin just might make him eat that sawed-off Winchester of his. Vin had gotten control of his temper though, and instead of force-feeding him a gun had shoved him outside in just his long-handle underwear, barefoot. Vin had stood on the porch with his gun and refused to let Chris back in his own cabin until he soaked his head in the water trough, even though it was cold enough Chris had to break up an inch of ice in the trough to do it.

By the time Chris got back indoors he was just about froze solid but very sober. They had ended up eating some leftover biscuits with Nettie’s blackberry jam and talking until he got warmed through. Vin had slept like a baby in his bedroll on the floor by the stove the rest of the night, too cold to sleep in the barn, but Chris had spent most of the time until morning watching Vin sleep.

Buck grinned. “I’m ‘fraid to ask.”

JD laughed. “Well, I’m not! What’s the Comanche firewater cure?”

Vin smirked. “A bullet.”

JD just went wide-eyed, but Buck laughed and said, “Yep, that might do it.”

“Cures ‘em every time,” Vin agreed, nodding. “They never get drunk again.” He paused and then added, “Of course, they don’t do much of anything else either, but...”

Chris laughed and stretched one foot out to kick at Vin’s leg, making Peso lay back his ears and nip at Pony irritably. “Alright, you had your fun makin’ me look a fool, now shut up and get that mule movin’. We’re gonna be all day taking these mares home as it is.”

Vin snickered and tipped his hat to Buck and JD. “See you later, Sheriff. Whichever one of you that is this week.”

Buck laughed and made a shooing gesture. “Go on, both of you get.”

Vin let Peso move out again and Chris tipped his hat to Buck and JD with a grin before he heeled Pony after Vin. The Calhoun horses trailed along behind them with the sorrel limping every stride, lugging back hard on his lead rope and making it obvious he didn’t want to start moving again.

~*~*~*~

JD watched them go for a minute and then turned to Buck. “Y’know, they sure are in a good mood today.”

Buck snickered. “You can say that again. Been a long time since I saw Chris so cheerful.”

Seeing Chris so much his old self went a long way to easing Buck’s last few doubts about what those two were doing, but that didn’t mean he’d enlighten JD as to why Chris and Vin were so pleased with themselves. Buck liked to gossip at least as much as JD did, but the kind of things he was pretty sure Chris and Vin had been up to just weren’t something he’d ever be spreading around, especially to JD. The kid was sheltered enough Buck figured he likely had no clue some men preferred sex with other men, and Buck would just as soon let him stay that way.

“Must have been some trip,” JD said, sitting down in the chair next to Buck. “Or maybe it’s the weather. It has been pretty nice out this week.”

Buck laughed and looked down the street towards the livery, where Chris had stopped again for the stable boy to untie the sorrel while Vin spoke to Yosemite at the blacksmith’s shop a bit further down the street. “Yeah, that must be it, JD,” he said, humoring him. “Spring has definitely sprung. You’d never know we were worried it’d snow just a few weeks ago.”

JD followed Buck’s gaze just as Chris joined Vin and they headed their horses off towards the far end of town at a jog, leaving the stable boy to coax the sorrel into the livery while Yosemite went back to shoeing a horse. JD turned back towards Buck again, looking kind of confused. “Come to think of it, though, they weren’t very cheerful last spring.”

Buck laughed and reached over to clap JD on the shoulder. “Better days now, kid. This time last year the jail was packed and we were all ridin’ in pairs just to stay alive.”

JD thought about that and then nodded, breaking into a sunny smile. He settled into the other chair a bit more comfortably and copied Buck’s position with his feet up on the rain barrel. “We must be doing something right then, huh? For it to not be that dangerous around here anymore, I mean.”

Buck grinned and shifted slightly to get more comfortable. “Seems that way t’ me.”

JD didn’t say anything else, but he was beaming.