Delphi Caen slid her way through the busted security door. The control room of DynaCorp's Livestock Health and Wellbeing Facility had seen better days. Spilled tranq cartridges and an abandoned stunrod told the story of just how effective the staff's response to a total power outage had been. Emergency generators had kicked in, but only after the majority of the staff had fled or had been eaten.
"Alright Doctor Baddon, what's the problem?" she asked, resting her carbine on her shoulder. The weapon still bled residual warmth from recent, frequent use.
The older woman had her eyes pressed so close into the terminal it was almost a VR headset. Data and technical jargon filled the monitor like digital cuneiform. Delphi couldn't make sense of it, but she didn't have three Ph.Ds.
She hadn't allowed hundreds of predators loose from their bonds in a secured research facility either, so Point One for Delphi there.
"The Thrak has broken free of its containment vessel," the doctor replied.
"Fine, then. Just point me at it and I'll put it down."
The scientist looked up from her screen for the first time in nearly an hour. Her pupils blossomed in the dim office lighting, and it took a few blinks for her vision to come back. "You don't understand. This isn't some Flederratte or a Bandersnatch. This is a Thrak. A bull, in fact, in prime mating age and pumped full of adrenostims."
Delphi held up her hands. "Why the hell would you do that?"
"That was Gertrude's project, not mine. Let me see..." The doc went back to her computer for a moment to pull up the requisite information. "It looks like the plan was to dose him, fridge him, and ship him off to a megafauna farm on Rynox. Then they could airdrop him in full breeding frenzy into their cow pens. You can make some incredibly thick armour for very cheap with a herd of Thraks. Herd? I wonder what the collective noun for Thraks is?"
"Focus, doc. There's just the one in there, right?" Delphi jerked a thumb to the heavy blast door behind her. Three dents in the ten inch thick metal plating showed where something very big and very heavy had tried to break through.
"Correct. Just a single two ton freighter made of meat and bone that broke loose from restraints meant to hold down a Leviathan."
Delphi checked her weapon. Full mag of armour piercing rounds. "Then what are we waiting for?"

The general consensus was that opening the dented blast door into the room with the deadly monster alien was a bad idea. Doctor Baddon directed Delphi to the second floor, where a catwalk lead to the observation room overlooking the large containment bay.
Delphi crept as quietly as she could along the suspended gantry, wincing with every metallic creak under her feet. It was an enclosed corridor, but portholes along the path revealed the destruction that the behemoth had caused. Scientific equipment littered the ground in dozens of glittering pieces. Articulated lifting cranes torn from their bases lay sprawled out like the remains of a dismembered colossus. Delphi's characteristic bravado drained the more she saw.
Yet the beast was nowhere to be seen. The portholes only offered limited visibility. Though the only thing scarier than being able to see a violent monster is being unable to see it. But it was here. If the destruction beneath her wasn't enough evidence, she could hear a low rumbling through the metal. Every five seconds, another quake that shook the catwalk.
Its breath.
Delphi entered the observation room and locked the door behind her. The small corner room had enough armour to keep a Thrak out...for a little while, at least. Open to the bay through a grating in the ceiling, she was able to smell the thing for the first time. She gagged. It was the worst gym bag stench she'd ever encountered!
She tapped the com node behind her ear. "Doc, you there?"
The voice came in clear. "Go ahead, Ms. Caen. You make it into observation?"
The hired gun coughed. "Doc, what's that smell?"
"Smell? Checking the passive air sensors, just a moment...Oh, oh dear, yes. The Thrak is emitting a powerful pheromone, designed to lure in females of its kind. With the vents closed to keep the Bandersnatches from using the air ducts, I suppose that room is lousy with it by now."
"Thanks for warning me. Is it dangerous?" Delphi asked.
"Not as far as I know, but I didn't study them like Gert did. I've been going over her notes. Goodness, there's so much to learn about these creatures. And they're so useful! Their bones are nearly as strong as plasteel. I imagine they'd have to be to carry that weight around-"
"Doc!"
"Oh, right, sorry. I'll go into her notes to see if she said anything about pheromone effects. Meantime, try not to breathe too much!"
Delphi rolled her eyes. "Can do. Kinda wish I brought my spacesuit for this."
"Indeed. Poor preparation on your part. Oh! Incidentally, I found out what the collective noun for a group of Thraks is called!"
"It's not herd?" Delphi asked.
Doctor Baddon cackled. "It's an apocalypse. An apocalypse of Thraks."
Delphi killed the com channel and checked the monitors. Most of the cameras were nonfunctional, but a single viewpoint showed the containment apparatus that the beast had broken free from. She gulped. Plasteel torn apart like saplings. Her carbine fired depleted tritanium penetrators, but this was unlike anything she'd put down so far. Her thumb flipped the switch to full auto. Aim would be a secondary consideration; she needed to put as many bullets into the Thrak as possible.
Her palms were sweating when she worked up the nerve to open the interior door. She threw the manual override lever and it popped open. Pressing her shoulder into the heavy metal made it budge, slightly. She heaved, squeezing her curvy frame through the crack and onto the remains of a metal stairway leading down. With as much stealth as she could manage, she made her way down the bent, twisted steel, eyes scanning for any hint of motion.
The air felt twenty degrees warmer than it had in the catwalk. Sweat slid down her face, stinging her eyes. The smell, while still noticeable, was no longer gag-inducing. Her nose felt...spicy. She suppressed an urge to sneeze, lest it give away her location. The fear of being detected only grew as she reached the bottom of the staircase without seeing the Thrak. The containment bay was only the size of a spacious gymnasium, and the beast was gigantic. It had to be there somewhere.
A snarl sent something crawling into her guts to die. It was here. She brought her weapon on line in every direction she could think of, but there was no sight of it.
And then she remembered the catwalk.
Delphi brought her eyes up to the ceiling. A giant stood on furred digitigrade legs, a trio of sharp claws digging into the metal. With a body the size of a ground car standing vertically, it was the largest animal she'd ever seen in person. Two equally clawed arms connected by a thin membrane to the rest of its body resembled wings, which the beast's ancient ancestors may have once used. It was far too large to fly in the current gravity, but her tactical awareness hinted that it might very well be a powerful jumper. The source of the snarl was a snout with foaming, bifurcate jaws. In the shadows, four glowing blue eyes stared unblinking at her.
Delphi wasted no time. In one motion, her weapon lined up with where the Thrak perched while her eye slid into the sight aperture. In that fraction of time, it had already moved. Its heavy growl was loud enough to trigger her sound- dampening ear implants and knocking off her aim. Ten rounds peppered the area where it had been moments before. But the Thrak was already on the ground in front of her, landing with a shockwave that almost knocked Delphi off her feet. It was too close!
She dashed back up the stairs to get some distance. The Thrak's heavy hand fell onto the metal and tore at it, picking up the entire thing and tossing it into the middle of the room, Delphi included. She tucked and rolled as best she could, landing with minimum scraps or bruises in a pile of broken diagnostic equipment.
"Ow." She reached for her weapon. Gone! Shit, shit, shit! Scrambling from the twisted debris of the stairs, she looked for her carbine. Her only defence against-
The Thrak. It had leapt in front of her. It was far too agile for something so big. There was always her sidearm, but she doubted there was anything a particle gun could do against something with hide thicker than a passenger ship. She clenched her fist. There wasn't anything in this world that could beat her. Certainly not some dumb animal!
It approached, heavy footfalls sending her scrambling back. For the first time, she got a good look at its body. The curve of powerful musculature was obvious under its dense fur. As was...a very prominent organ sticking out between its legs. Delphi blushed. Doc Baddon HAD said it had been put in an artificial rut, but seeing the evidence was something else altogether. A tapered tip on a bulb-like head, leading to a thick shaft covered in tiny bumps. A thin fluid glowing faintly of the same blue colour as its eyes dripped to the floor.
It wasn't moving toward her, however. If it wanted to tear her apart, Delphi reasoned it could happen in moments. It just...stood there. Another noise, this time higher in register, emitted from its mouth.
A whimper?
She gasped. The poor thing was pent up! All that mating energy and nobody to release it into! Its eyes looked down at her with an almost pleading air. Like it was asking for her to help. Delphi calmed, ignoring her fight or flight reflex as she took tentative steps towards it. The Thrak was tall enough for her to meet its dick while standing, if it stopped slouching in its current posture.
"Do you want me to...help you?" she asked. Her preliminary research had said nothing about how intelligent its kind was. But however clever it was, the creature stood up and allowed her to come up to its dripping tip. She was close to the source of the omnipresent musk, and it returned to her awareness after fading into the background. But it was no longer unpleasant. Instead, it resembled what a kitchen might smell like while someone cooked an unfamiliar dish. Strange, but not unappealing.
Delphi peeled off both her gloves and placed her right hand on its cock. It stiffened momentarily, but did not resist. Gripping it as gently as she could, she slid her palm along his length with slow, deliberate strokes. Delphi was no virgin, but this was the largest and most unusual dick she'd ever attempted to pleasure. The bumps on the shaft felt strange under her fingers. It was far warmer than a human organ would be, though not to the point that it was uncomfortable. Using both her hands she was almost able to touch the tips of her fingers around its girth. Almost.
The methodical jerking bore fruit. A drizzle of glowing fluid emerged from the tip with every stroke, spattering the dirty pen floor with every drop. The Thrak made low gurgling noises. Whatever she was doing, it appeared to be working.
"Delphi, are you there?"
She tapped the comline open again. "Yeah, go ahead."
Doctor Baddon sounded frantic. "I looked up the research on Thrak pheromones. They work on humans, Delphi! They can cross species boundaries!"
"Whuh? What do you mean?" she asked, returning her hands to the important work of jerking off the alien.
"It's like a drug, making the person affected docile and willing to do what the Thrak wants. They're way smarter than we thought. Get out of there now and I'll give you one of the facility's respirators!"
Delphi shook her head, superfluous considering it was an audio-only conversation. "Nah, I'm good. It only wants to breed, is all. I'll be done in a moment." Before the doc could respond, she turned off her com device. What a silly idea! She wondered where she'd left off. Of course! About to try sucking on the Thrak's giant dick!
Shaking with nervous energy, Delphi gave the Thrak's bulbous head a kiss. A salty and bitter taste flooded her system, making her wince away. She scraped at her tongue with her upper teeth. After a while, she got used to it, but that didn't make the experience any more pleasant. She stuck with using her hands, tired as they were. The Thrak seemed to be enjoying the attention, bucking and wabbling when her movements were just right. The steady flow of thin blue fluid that trailed down the alien's dick continued to intrigue her. How much did this alien have stored up in its backed up ball-equivalents?
Despite her fitness, jerking off the dick was tiring work. Her hands began to cramp after a few minutes of strained stroking, and it was soon apparent that she'd have to use other methods of stimulation if she was going to get rid of that pent up breeding urge. With the Thrak showing no signs of being ready to pop, Delphi tried getting some rest by trying her mouth again. The salty taste assailed her once more, but she pushed past and got a fat glob of blue precum in her mouth.
Her mind exploded. Far from the distant, pleasurable erotic thrill of her conquests in the past, this was a violent upheaval of her priorities. Her whole reality warped for a singular moment the first time she tasted that sticky, salty cum. A logical mind may have theorized that this was because the pheromones being pumped into the air were nothing compared to the concentrated dose swimming around in the glowing fluid. But Delphi's mind was far from lucid. All she knew was that she wanted more. Lots more. As much as possible.
Her licking went from gentle and tentative to frantic and needy. She was rewarded with more of the tasty blue treat, but some escaped! It plastered onto her cheeks or dripped down onto her bodysuit, where she pawed at it and let it drip back into her mouth. But she knew a surefire way to make sure the spunk stayed flowing.
Her mouth latched onto the flared tip like a lampray, sucking and tonguing the sensitive flesh with the aim to extract as much as it was willing to give. But the Thrak had other plans. Rather than passively accept a role as seed dispenser, it grabbed Delphi as gingerly as a creature with razor claws the size of combat knives could. It spilled her down on all fours. Some deep instinctual need told her to not move. That the creature was in control now. With surgical precision, it sliced through her bodysuit without damaging the skin. A ragged hole revealed her jigging rear and her sopping wet pussy to the pheromone-soaked air for the first time. Delphi made a guttural groaning noise, the kind you might hear from livestock. She was about to be bred. There was nothing she wanted more.
The slightest hint of pressure against her dewy, lower lips made her climax. She hadn't known how pent up she'd been until she was tossed unceremoniously over the precipice. The Thrak was kind enough to wait until her involuntary contractions paused before proceeding. Rather than its dick, she felt the moist flick of a tongue! Then another, and another. Four tongues, all moving independently, slide around her sex. She thrust herself back into it. How considerate for the monster in a breeding frenzy to eat her out like that! Was there a purpose to it? Was its copious saliva aiding to lubricate her? Or was it tasting her to determine her fertility? Regardless, Delphi wanted more. She jiggled every time her clit was tongued, and gasped when one of the appendages slid inside. Before long, where her juices ended and the beast's saliva began was indistinguishable. Her whole lower half was a wet mess.
The absence of tongues left her hazy mind worrying that the stimulation was over. Thankfully, she felt the monster's dick slide inside her wet slit and all was right with the world. The steady drizzle of semen resumed, hot and thick, and she spread herself as wide as possible with her hands to allow as much access as possible. Her face pressed hard into the cold floor, but that was a secondary concern. Of utmost importance was being as open as she could be. Thrusting forward, the Thrak bottomed her out before even half his massive size had been inserted. He pulled back, only to stuff her full again. Each absence marked with the slightest fear that the sex was over, only to be replaced with the spike of joy when she was impaled again.
Not just the size was incredible, but the bumps stimulated parts of her pussy that she hadn't had touched before. Like it was made to excite her better than any sex toy she'd tried. Its claws wrapped around her midsection. She was claimed. Owned by a creature much stronger than she could ever be. Her eyes rolled back while it hammered her away her higher functions and crammed more and more of its fat cock inside her. She came, and came, and came again. The orgasms were rapid fire, one flowing into another until she was locked up in a sea of endorphins. Her body operated without her direction, squeezing and clenching down and encouraging the beast to use her to get off. To unleash all that pent up breeding instinct into a single, waiting vessel.
When the Thrak reached its orgasm, there was no mistaking it for the previous releases. A gush of thick, blue spunk shot into her body like a firehose. Its thrusts became erratic, but the pumping of hot fluid into her pussy was steady and consistent. Every two seconds another surge of seed, and she squealed. Far more than any human could produce, the glowing cum squirted out of her hole as fast as it came in. She only had so much room, and the giant dick inside her was taking up a lot of that real estate. Nevertheless, Delphi moaned for more. Her hormone soaked mind had made her a helpless brood sow.
More and more hot cum surged into her vulnerable body, coating her inner walls with inhumanly thick release. Her legs wiggled uselessly while she was inseminated, her own pleasure but a distraction from the satisfaction of being used for her body's primal purpose. Her eyes fluttered closed. It was too much for her overstimulated mind. The last thing she remembered was the steady gushing of seed continuing to pour into her body, and how warm she was inside.

Doctor Abigail Baddon, Abby to her friends, recoiled in terror as the gigantic blast door protecting her from the titanic Thrak grinded into motion. She spilled over a desk to hide, fumbling for the light laser sidearm she kept for emergencies. Relief washed over her when she recognised Delphi's silhouette in the doorway, then felt concern flood back as the details on the bounty hunter's physical state became clear.
Bioluminescent spunk covered her face, drenched her tits, and left wide rivers down her thighs. Her body was flushed from overexertion, and her face held the half-lidded blissed out appearance of an addict after a fix.
"Delphi? Is that you under that goop?" she asked, only half joking.
The zoned out woman nodded slowly, then pointed behind her. "One Thrak subdued, no lives lost."
The doc leaned to the side to get a better look. The creature who had been so hostile as to warrant termination was snoozing in the centre of the ruined holding pen, its massive penis drooling out the last of its productivity into a tiny pool on the scraped metal floor.
Doctor Baddon adjusted her AR glasses. "Remarkable. I can't believe it! And you are unhurt?"
The question seemed to take a while for Delphi to understand. When it did register, she nodded in the affirmative. "I don't think I'm hurt...no pain just...tingling everywhere. Especially here." She hovered her cum-covered hand over her tummy. "Feels...warm."
The doc pulled out a medical quadcorder and swiped it over the area she had indicated. "Hmm...nothing on preliminary sweep. We should get you checked out nonetheless. Head back to medical, the Flederratte corpses should have been cleared out by now, and wait for me."  
Delphi nodded and headed off toward the inter-facility tram. She was so aware of her surroundings now. Like her sensitivity had been turned up to 120%. She scratched at her hand, still sticky from her encounter. There was something strange poking out of her skin, right above the knuckle. A barb? She tugged at it, but it wouldn't budge. More barbs pushed out from her hand. Not painful though. Just a strange pressure coming from within. Her nails extended, turning to sharpened claws that looked so familiar...
She grinned with a mouth full of increasingly sharp teeth. Looks like there was something special in that spunk after all~