Tia's Game
by TailWeaver
Copyright© 2021 by TailWeaver

Chapter 16: Katie Exposes Tia

Tia looked at herself in the mirror, wet from her morning shower, wondering if she looked any different. Last night’s games had been quite an adjustment, even though she had hoped for something along those lines. In the story, Amber had sounded like they had enjoyed being probed by a vegetable, and she had fantasized about it for two nights before adding that story link to her ‘secret’ journal. The other things though, Katie’s phone call, her decision to suck on Terrence, they had really changed how she had acted, and what she was willing to do. And she wanted to do more of it. She wished her parents would be gone all day some time, as she really wanted to play with them some more, the idea of being tied up and sucking on their pricks filling her mind as she dried off after her shower. Tim slipped into the room, running his hand across her buttocks and nodding towards the toilet. “About done?”

Tia nodded, blushing - perhaps it was the normalcy of the morning combined with her impure thoughts. She returned to her room and pondered what to wear, given that she was going to visit Katie, and she had a fairly good idea what was going to happen - at least in general. So perhaps her choice of clothing did not matter all that much, she thought with another blush, slipping into her most comfortable t-shirt bra and cotton bikini panties before slipping into a pair of shorts and putting on her Game of Thrones oversized shirt.

With her small backpack held by the handle in her hand, Tia rang Katie’s doorbell and waited. Katie’s mom, Carol, answered the door and let her in, smiling in welcome before calling up the stairs for Katie.

“How are you doing today? You girls got anything planned for today before your sleepover?”

Tia shook her head, not sure what to say “No, just, you know, hanging out, I needed to get away from my brothers for a few!”

Katie bounded down the stairs, bubbly and cheerful as ever. “Hey! We’re gonna go listen to music and stuff for a while.”

Katie grabbed Tia’s hand and practically dragged her up the stairs. It took only a moment for the two to get to the top of the stairs and cross the small hallway to Tia’s room, and Tia could tell Katie was still on edge and excited by the way she shut the door firmly and flopped down on the bed with a sigh.

“God. Last night was beyond intense. Would never believe you did that if one of them told me unless I saw it with my own eyes!!”

Tia flushed immediately, any uncertainty about what the day and evening was going to be like washed away by Katie’s first words to her in private. She moved to flip down on the bed next to Katie but stopped when her friends held up her hand and said, “Uh uh!”

“Wha??”

“Hmm. I’m disappointed. Tee-Tee has forgotten her rules already? It’s only been two weeks!!” Katie’s voice was light, and a little teasing, but she had a look in her eyes that gave Tia pause. Her mind worked furiously, trying to remember what rules Katie had given her

“I. I know I’m supposed to tell the boys that, um, I was a slut, but I can’t remember...”

“Yeah,” Katie interrupted, continuing “and I bet you haven’t even done that. I mean, you said it on the phone last night, but that doesn’t count. We are going to have to discuss your failure later, but ... What else?”

Tia thought and thought, but she could not really remember. Maybe the rules had gotten lost in the craziness of the last time she was here. Looking at Katie, it was clear she was waiting for something, so Tia just made a guess.

Tia undid her shorts and slid them and her panties down in one quick movement before crossing her arms and pulling her shirt over her head. She stared at Katie while she reached behind her back and unhooked her bra, tossing it to the side and leaving herself completely naked.

Katie still said nothing, just kept watching her with a small smile turning up the corners of her mouth.

Tia was confused, unsure what she might have promised last time in the heat of the moment, but she was also quickly becoming concerned that Katie would become upset with her, and she could not handle that. She moved to the bed, looking at Katie for a long moment before reaching down and tugging on the other girl’s shorts. Perhaps this is what she had promised, she thought, a lump in her throat forming as she realized her old relationship was gone, replaced with this other thing. As she tugged Katie’s shorts down further, she also grabbed the waistband of Katie’s pale yellow panties, bringing them both down to Katie’s knees and exposing her friend’s sex. Slowly, her heart breaking a little, she lowered her head to kiss Katie’s stomach, turning her head away from her friend’s face as she pushed her shorts a little bit lower, her hand sliding back up to obediently touch Katie’s slit. She got herself lower onto the bed, her head drawing near to where her hand was toying with her friend, and she blinked back a tear as she submissively opened her mouth to give it a little kiss, wanting to at least have this much of her friend in her life.

“Hey hey hey! What’s wrong. Stop ... hey, stop ... what is the matter?” Katie’s voice was filled with concern.

“Nothing ... nothing ... i just...” Tia said, unable to put into words what she was feeling.

“Hush ... hush ... maybe I. Tell you what ... let’s just talk ... and not here ... not where this has been happening. We’ll grab a couple ice teas and sit out back, hmm? In that swing my dad put in before he, you know.”

Tia sniffed, “OK, if you are sure.”

“I am. Get dressed while I make the tea”.

...

A few minutes later, the two were sitting in a couple of patio chairs, a couple of glasses of ice tea on the table in front of them.

Katie broke the silence after taking a slow sip of tea. “So ... what’s wrong? You were not like this last night, or when you first came over.”

Tia still was not sure how to explain, or even what to explain. “It’s nothing, its’ just. I dunno.”

“Tell me.” Katie gently insisted.

“I dunno, it’s just, like, I’ve lost my best friend. I mean ... it’s like you only want me if I, you know, get naked and stuff.”

Katie leaned forward with genuine concern in her eyes. “Shhh, no no no. It’s just that, well, I think, um, I think I thought you wanted it more than you really did. I mean, I saw you last night and I just thought, my god, she really is into this. But maybe you weren’t huh? I’m sorry, really sorry for pushing you when you were not wanting this”’

“No. no I am. I was. I really was. It’s just.”

“Just what?” Katie again gently probed when Tia paused.

“I dunno, I just thought maybe we’d hang out first, you know, be normal and stuff”

“Sorry, Tee, I never wanted you to feel like I only cared about, you know, teasing you and the naked stuff.”

Tia sniffed again, her face flushed and warm. “I know, it’s just, I dunno, really confusing sometimes.”

“Tell me then, tell me the truth. Why did you take off your clothes?” Katie asked, changing tacts.

“I thought it was one of the rules.”

“And after? When you took off my shorts?” Katie continued, probing.

“Well, you never said what rules or what I’d agreed to, so I just thought...”

“You know, there were no rules yet. I had thought about giving you some, since you seemed to like it, but we never discussed it. Other than you telling your brothers that you are a real slut.”

“What? But you...” Tia said, looking at Katie with more than a little confusion.

“I was waiting to see what you’d do, figuring that you’d probably do what it was you hoped I’d do. And I thought you were.”

“Um, that’s kinda ... I mean ... yeah, but...” Tia said slowly, confusion still fogging her mind.

“So it’s not what you wanted? Or secretly wished were the rules? Really?” Katie asked, her eyes boring into Tia’s.

“Well, maybe, yeah, I thought that’s what the rules might be, you know, but then I just got feeling like that was all I was good for anymore...” Tia’s eyes welled up with tears again, and she stopped, swallowing the lump in her throat.

“Oh ... but you are more than just that. But I want you to look at me. No. Look at me. “ Katie stared at Tia until she met her eyes steadily.

“Are you a slut? I mean, for real? Deep down, do you want to suck and cum and be naked like you were last time you were here, or last night with your brothers?”

‘I ... I...”

“I’m serious. If you don’t like this, I will stop. But, something tells me you started all of this for a reason. Tell me. I promise I will love you no matter what you say, one way or the other.

“God, I dunno!” Tia cried, her emotions all over the place.

“Shh shhh shhh, slow down. Let’s talk about why you started. You told me a little. Why did you start with your brothers?”

“I ... I mean I wanted some of what i thought was in those stories, but I would die if you or anyone at school knew. I mean. It would be embarrassing.” Tia had calmed down a little, gotten herself back in control a little.

“So you were planning to just do it at home? That’s it?” Katie’s questions were insistent, and it was clear she was planning on sorting this out.

“Well, maybe I thought if I liked it and stuff, I might let someone else know and see. But I wasn’t sure.”

“But then you were sure, right? You told me, right?

“Yeah ... I guess,” Tia answered slowly

“So you just wanted me to know? Or to do things too? Like last time. And I bet you secretly want others to know as well, but only if they accept you, and aren’t mean and stuff, right?””

“I. Both I guess. I mean, in my, you know, fantasies and stuff”

“At least that makes sense. But you still felt bad today. So, um, I know, let’s just talk about last night. How did it feel when you started talking to me, sitting naked between your two brothers?”

“Good, I guess, like you were seeing me be naughty” Tia let her mind recall the previous evening, and she smiled a little, remembering just how good it had all felt.

“And you like being naughty? And me knowing about it? Seeing it?” Katie’s voice sounded a bit deeper, and when Tia glanced up at her face she could see her friend’s interest was intense.

“Yeah, usually. I mean sometimes I have to get worked up a bit first, you know, before I can really enjoy it. Or think about it”

“And then, when I told you to pull their cocks out and hold them. You did it rather quickly. Why? Had you been wanting to?”

“I dunno, maybe, I mean ... yeah, I guess. We had been playing a game and stuff and it’s not like I hadn’t touched them before. Doing it in front of you was just kinda, you know, kinkier or something.” Tia was continuing to relax a bit as they talked about the previous evening, though it was a little hard to admit everything in the bright light of day.

“I thought so. And then. I saw you, you know. Cumming hard while sucking on Tim? Was it?” Katie leaned in a little as she asked Tia if she had cum while Katie was on the phone.

“Yeah, I had to. I mean - god, that felt so good, so fucking good. I mean, god, I can’t really explain.”

Katie reached over and patted Tia’s hand, moving to stroke Tia’s forearm. “Shhhh ... It’s ok. You like to cum, don’t you? You like it a lot?”

Tia took a deep breath, looking back at her friend before blushing a little and replying “Yeah”

“So, you sucked on a cock while on the phone, and had someone playing with your excited little pussy - and you are concerned about that, what exactly? That I only see you or want you as a slut now? Because you were a slut last night? I mean, you were, weren’t you? Only a slut would do that ... be naked and stuff in front of all three brothers and me on the phone, right?’

“Yes”

“But you said you liked it. So I ask again. Are you a slut? I mean, really.”

“Yes...”

“Say it. I think you have to say it to feel better”

“I. I’m a slut...”

“So, guess what? I still love you! Really! And you know what else. I love having a slut as a best friend. And after last night, well, I was as excited as you usually are. Does that make sense?

“Yeah ... I think so”

Tell me again.

“I’m a slut,” Tia said, a little easier this time. She sat for a minute and then repeated “I’m. A slut.”

“And you like to cum?”

“Yes, um, I’m a slut and I love to cum!”

“Again!”

“I’m a slut and I love to cum!” Tia felt a little giddy as she said such naughty words out loud. She also knew that while she loved to cum, what made it especially good was when someone either made her cum, or watched her while she came.

“See? There you go. You are also my best friend. And I love you. And you are also a slut that loves to cum, and that’s just OK’

“Yeah, um. Maybe one more thing.”

“Oh?”

“Well, this is so hard to talk about, but you really made me feel better, about, you know, all of this, so, there’s something I sort of never really said out loud, or told you.”

“Sure, I mean, ok, tell me. I promise I will still be your best friend, naked or not!”

“Yeah, it’s not that. Well, you know, when you made me say, ‘I’m a slut. And I love to cum!’?”

Katie just nodded, and it was clear she did not see where Tia was going.

“Well, that’s true. I mean, I would never have said it. But I caught myself thinking at the same time. It’s not just, that. Cumming. I could just, you know, have fun in my room or something. It’s doing when like you tell me to. Or when someone is watching. It’s like, um, double good”

“I see. So, um, you are a slut?”

Nod

“And you like to cum?”

Nod

“And you love being told what to do. To cum and stuff?”

Slow nod.

“And you want to be watched.”

Tia nodded a bit more quickly. She knew without a doubt that being looked at, being watched, really made her turned on. And losing it in front of someone just made her orgasms so much better.

“I see, so you are not just a slut. You are a submissive, exhibitionist slut that loves to cum and cum and cum.”

Tia blushed, nodding, feeling her arousal building just from Katie’s words.

“Hmm, say it, my submissive little slut...” Katie said, looking at Tia intently.

“I’m a submissive, exhibitionistic, horny little slut that loves to cum and cum and cum!” Tia said, her words filling with heat with every embarrassing addition.

“So, maybe it’s just that we need rules. I mean, it sounds like you are not crazy about being a slut 100% of the time, even if it’s mostly fun. I get that. Too much of anything”

“Yeah, but ... um, it’s more that I don’t want to ONLY be a slut. I mean. I know I am, but I want to be more than just, you know, something to play with.” Tia was still trying to explain herself, her early bad feelings, even though she was as turned on right now as ever.

“I know. I get it. Um, how was it the last two weeks during school? I mean, I teased you a little, but mostly it was normal, right?”

‘Yeah, it was ok.”

“So, that was fine, it was just when I just started immediately once you got here?”

“Kinda, I dunno, maybe I’m just embarrassed and stuff cause...

‘Because...?”

“I wanted to, um, play too, I just felt weird. I dunno ... hard to explain. I’m just so not sure I’m doing the right thing. I mean...”

“You wanted to try it safe, then see what I thought? Any others?”

‘God, I dunno! It’s so embarrassing!

“Yes. But, unless I’m wrong, it’s very fun. And you feel, like, really alive?”

“Yeah, that’s it, I feel really alive ... everything is so intense!”

“Well, would it help if you had rules with me, too? I mean, for real? I have to be honest, I’m jealous of all the things you are doing with your brothers, so by the time you get around to coming over, I am a little impatient, but ... I don’t want you to feel bad at all ... really ... I mean, unless, you know, you were being punished!” Katie added, trying to add a little levity

Tia blushed slightly, nodding “I know, um. I think so.”

“Hmm, well, it’s like you have a rule that when your folks go out, it’s going to be a play night, right? How about if we make plans, and I say it’s Tee-Tee time, you agree, ahead of time, or we talk about doing something else. ‘Cause, well, I really like just jumping in...”

“That could work. I mean, it’s not like I wanted to say no, it’s just...”

Katie leaned over and put her hand on Tia’s knee. “I know ... you want to be loved as a friend, too. Trust me, I do understand, even if your slutty side makes me overly excited. It’s just so new, ya know, especially for me. You’ve been, you know, playing for a while.”

“I. Oh, thanks, I mean, I feel silly now, making an issue where there wasn’t.”

“Stop that right now. Your feelings are never a ‘problem!’. I want you to promise me, no matter if we are in Tee-Tee time or not, if you don’t feel right, you tell me. I promise, I will always listen to you. Always!”

Tia sniffed a little, her eyes clearing as she looked back at her friend, nodding and smiling a little. She still felt as if she made a big deal out of nothing, but she felt better. A lot better.

“So, should I make a couple of Tee-Tee time rules? Like, if it’s Tee-Tee time, you have to get naked like you were doing upstairs? Since I think you want to, anyway. Unless I tell you otherwise, you know, since I know how much you love to be ‘searched’ while being stripped, hmmm?”

“Oh god, yes, it’s so bad, but yeah. I do like that too. It’s ok, I mean, if that’s what you want. You know, for a rule”

Katie nodded slowly, watching Tia, making sure. “Ok then, was there anything else you wished I’d made as a rule? I mean, you sorta started something. Is that how you see yourself?”

“Maybe, sometimes, but, that part doesn’t have to be a rule, but, um, I have to do what you say is the rule, and if you said to do that, then I would.”

“Hmm, sorta like Thomas is in charge? No special Katie rule, hmmm? Poo ... I wanted something just for me!!”

Tia smiled, feeling a bit more relaxed about it all. “Um, maybe, I have to call you Miss? Like Miss Katie or something. I don’t call the boys anything ... so that would be just for you. If you want.”

“Ooooooh Miss Katie? As in you have to do whatever Miss Katie says, hmm? You naughty little slut.”

Tia blushed a little and nodded.

“That’s perfect. I wanted a rule of my own. I can see why you guys are having so much fun. You have the best rules!”

Tia just shook her head, smiling at how pleased Katie seemed.

“So, are we good?”

“Yeah, we are good.”

“So, what now? I mean, I know what I had planned, but that doesn’t seem too smart”

“Um, no, it’s ok, I mean, I feel better about it all now.”

“Better? And maybe... ‘better’??``Katie said, nodding at Tia’s midsection.

Blushing, Tia nodded, her eyes dropping as she felt the beginnings of her submissive self rising to the top.

“So it would be ok if our visit was a Tee-Tee visit now?”

Tia slowly nodded, smiling a little, and not feeling bad about it at all.

“Ok, then.” Katie said and sat waiting. She just sat looking at Tia while not saying anything Tia sat for a long moment before she asked, “Um, were we going to?”

“Yes, I was just waiting.”

“Waiting?”

“Didn’t you say it could be Tee-Tee time?”

“Yes”

“And I said ok, right? So it’s now Tee-Tee time?”

“Yes”

“And I thought there were rules.”

“Oh! Here? I mean, I thought you meant in your room.”

“No, I think the rule is, unless I say otherwise. And I haven’t, have I?”

“No, um, really?”

Katie said nothing, just looked at her.

Tia looked around the backyard, glad at least that the fences were solid, but she did notice one window in a neighbor’s house that might see them. She looked at the house where Katie’s mother was and looked back at Katie. “But, um, your mom?”

“Oh, I’m willing to bet she’s fine. We will just have to see, hmmm?”

“Katie!” Tia explained, protesting a little, though she could not deny the tingle of nervous excitement that had begun deep inside of her.

Katie again said nothing, and Tia finally realized that she was serious. Katie seemed to like a bit of danger as part of all of this, she thought, judging by all the times she had pushed things. Getting naked in the backyard just seemed to be the latest version.

Tia slowly reached for her shirt and pulled it up over her bra, looking around nervously.

Katie just sat and watched, her eyes seeming to be everywhere on Tia’s body.

Quickly pulling her shirt off, Tia absently handed it to Katie before standing up and pushing her jeans off of her hips, sitting down before pulling them off. She was trying to be as discreet as possible, though it was hard. Tia kept glancing at the house, worried about Katie’s mom, and she felt her hands shaking nervously as she pushed the straps of her bra over her shoulders, pulling her arms free before spinning her loose strap around and unhooking it quickly. She could not stop herself from shyly covering her breasts for a moment - the odd feeling of sunlight on her bare body making her far more nervous than she ever had been before.

Katie was collecting her things as she removed them, and she sat for a long moment before again standing and swiftly removing her underwear, handing them to Katie with a red faced and submissive look.

“Such a good slut. Aren’t you” Katie said, stopping her from sitting back down. “No, just stand for a moment. Let everyone get a good look at you!”

Tia looked around. There was no one that she could see, but the thought that there might be was intense.

“C’mon, let’s go back to my room.” Katie said, walking away with Tia’s clothes, forcing Tia to follow nervously, her naked body tingling, convinced that there were eyes everywhere. She kept looking at the back of Katie’s house, wondering how Katie could not be worried about her mother. As they reached the door, Katie paused, turning to her.

“Oh, I forgot. I heard mom go to the store a bit ago, so there really was no risk!”

“Katie!! You!!’ Tia squeaked, punching at her friend’s arm as they slipped inside, chattering and gasping at each other noisily as they went through the kitchen on the way to Katie’s room.

“Mom!!” Tia heard Katie cry, and she turned, seeing Carol’s somewhat bemused (and definitely surprised) face. She shrieked in alarm and ran the other way, running around to the side and onto the stairs via the living room, rather than through the kitchen. She heard Katie pounding after her, and as they slammed her door, gasping and giggling, she heard Katie apologize.

“OH god, I guess ... um ... sorry, I guess she came home!”

‘Oh god, she’s going to hate me now, and make it so I can’t come over I bet ... oh jeeze!!

“I dunno, I dunno! I don’t think she’s’ all that mad ... Let me, just let me go and see. Just ... wait here...” Katie said, before adding, “Besides, I think I dropped your shirt” she said, holding up a smaller pile of clothes than when they’d started.

Tia waited. And waited some more, crawling up on the bed and pulling a pillow into her lap, she hugged it while she waited.

An eternity later, Katie returned, closing the door behind her, Tia’s shirt in her hand. She Immediately put Tia’s mind at ease.

“Don’t worry, it’s ok. Really, it’s all ok. Mom was even giving me a hard time by the time I left. She said she understood - she used to play ‘nakey games’ with her friends when she was younger. She was just surprised. She said, um, it’s ok, just give her a warning or something next time.”

“Next time!?? Oh god, but she saw everything, I mean ... really?” Tia could not quite accept the fact they were not in trouble. Perhaps Katie’s mom really was as understanding as, well, Tia’s mom actually had been. Albeit about her daughter’s friend, and not her own daughter.

“I dunno, it’s too freaky. I thought I’d just die!”

“I know, I know, but it’s all ok now, right?”

“I guess, just ... sheesh!”


Chapter 17: Katie Exposes Tia’s Secret

Katie came over to the bed and held out her hand.

Tia looked at her, uncertain.

‘Pillow! I mean, Tee-Tee really doesn’t need a pillow like that, does she?”

“No. No, sorry, I was just, you know, kinda worried,” Tia said, handing over the pillow and trying to decide where to put her hands. She was still sitting cross-legged on top of the bedspread, and after a couple of false starts, she put her hands casually atop her thighs.

“Mmm, it’s like you don’t know where to put your hands, huh?”

Tia shrugged. Being naked while Katie was clothed was a bit of a thrill, in and of itself.

“We can fix that,” Katie said, giggling a little as she opened her bottom drawer and pulled out her carefully stowed ropes. “Here we go ... you know how I like you ... lay down ... hands over your head ... show off those hard little nipples of yours!”

Tia had been pretty sure this was coming, and even though it had been a bit of an awkward start, she was more than eager to be tormented again. At least she hoped she was going to be teased like last time. She moved to lie on the bed, her arms up over her head, pushing herself down until her hips were low enough that when her legs were tied, she would not be too spread out.

Tia stretched a little, luxuriating in her nudity as Katie bound her hands and pulled them up snug against the headboard. She felt her nipples tingle as Katie lightly teased her way down her body, tickling at her inner thigh before grabbing one foot and tying it into place. She was feeling much better, much like she had been last night when she let Terrence ‘help’ her with her homework, and she felt a warm regard for her friend as she realized that Katie really cares about her, taking the time to make sure she was feeling ok and stuff. As she tugged on her ankle, and felt her legs spread wide as Katie tied her other foot to the other corner of the bed, she glanced down at her nude body and shivered a little, the sight of her own nudity making her feel a bit excited, just from looking at herself. As she tested her third bond, and Katie moved to sit next to her on the bed, she shivered and felt the tingling light touch of Katie’s hand as her friend teased her in the way that she seemed to be so good at.

“You do know you look absolutely delightful like this, I hope, I mean, sure ... it’s your game and you love it, but you are like completely cute and sexy when you can’t move.”

Tia struggled against her bonds, squirming in delight as she confirmed they had bound her tightly. She flushed, nodding up at Katie and felt her nipples getting harder as Katie’s fingernails scraped lightly against her ribs, slowly heading towards her left breast.

“So cute ... so cute,” Katie said, circling Tia’s breast before sliding her nails lightly down the other side. “Now, I know we had a bit of a rough start, so humor me if I make sure my Tee-Tee knows what she is. You do know, don’t you?” Katie asked, rhetorically perhaps, her fingertips lightly drawing a line straight towards Tia’s clit, but stopping an inch or so away from it.

Tia nodded, her insides warming as she saw that familiar teasing look in Katie’s eyes. Now that she did not feel like she was ‘only’ a Tee-Tee, she felt free to indulge her secret desires.

“Tell me ... like you did outside.” Katie said, her nails scraping lightly across the top of Tia’s pubis, teasingly near, but not that near, her already peeking out clitoris.

“I ... I’m a slut” Tia said, and this time, when she said it, she felt a flush of something very naughty washing through her.

“What? I can’t hear you!” Katie teased, her fingernails scraping lightly over to Tia’s other thigh.

“Mmmmmm, I’m a, I’m a slut! I’m a submissive, exhibitionistic slut that loves to ... cum!” Tia said only a little louder, her hips coming up from the bedspread as she reacted to Katie’s teasing.

“I know, I know! You were supposed to tell your brothers. Weren’t you?”

Tia nodded, her hips moving as Katie’s fingers continued to tease and torment her nerves. Maybe ... I know ... let’s call them and you can tell them, okay?”

Tia groaned and simply nodded, her eyes wide as she struggled against the ropes. Her nerves tingling in the way she’d come to love

“Oh goody! Um. Should we just use your phone? Yeah. Here unlock please!” she said, Holding up the phone to Tia’s face and waiting a second. “Great!” she said, looking at the phone and smiling. “Facial recognition is so cool, huh?? No hands!!”

Katie paused and reached down to Tia’s sex. “Hmmm, you want to make a good impression I bet ... here,” she said, and stroked Tia’s slit boldly, making her lips part and her pink insides peek out. Tia could feel herself getting wetter and wetter with every touch.

“So pretty. You really have a pretty one Tia, I never really cared too much about stuff like this before. But you’ve corrupted me. See what you’ve done to me?” Katie teased, moving her finger up and down a couple times before slipping one, and then two, directly inside, waiting until Tia’s hips moved against her touch before pulling them back out.

“There, now you look like a slut!” She quickly dialed up Tim on Tia’s phone and waited.

Tia was completely aroused and needy, Katie’s touch having had its desired effect. She watched as Katie dialed and felt a twinge of excitement when she began to talk.

“Hey Tim, yeah, it’s Katie. On Tia’s phone. No. Nothing is wrong. It’s just that Tia forgot to tell you something. You got a minute? Yeah? Oh ... um,” Katie stopped talking, looking at Tia with a smile. “Make sure you are somewhere pretty private, ok?” she said in a loud whisper, in case someone could overhear her.

“Ready? Yeah, ok, wait, FaceTime this instead” she said, and Tia watched as she pulled the phone away from her ear and punched a button. “Ah, there you are! Tia!! Tim’s here, didn’t you want to tell him something?”

Katie brought the phone over and looked into it with Tia, the two of them staring into the phone.

“Um, yeah” Tia said and was about to speak with Katie interrupted. “Oh wait, you should see this” she told Tim and held the phone up further, showing that Tia’s arms were over her head. “In fact ... I’ll just...” she said, getting up and moving, the camera moving wildly around the room until it was once again centered on Tia’s face. As Katie slowly backed up, Tia knew Tim was getting quite a good look at her bound and nude body. Katie kept moving, monitoring the screen, until she could prop it against a book on her dresser and keep Tia centered in the frame.

“You can see, right?”

“Oh yeah. Someone is being naughty, that is for sure. I guess it’s only fair after last night? I just didn’t know, I mean.”

Kate got onto the bed on the opposite side of the bed, close enough to whisper in Tia’s ear, “Tee-Tee”

Looking at the phone, Katie spoke up.

“Yeah, I call her Tee-Tee when she’s like this. Sometimes we just hang out, but lately, it’s all I can do to keep her clothes on, so I stopped trying.”

Tia pulled on her bonds, flushing as Katie teased her in front of her brother.

“Now, Tee-Tee, wasn’t there something you were going to tell him?”

Tia bit her lip, looking at the phone. She had already said what Katie expected her to say a couple of times, but it was still very embarrassing and difficult. And saying it on a phone seemed even harder. More embarrassing, if that was possible

“I” she said, faltering, looking at Katie’s face and turning back to the phone.

“I’m a slut” she said, softly, and as clear as she dared.

“What? “ Tim said. Tia wasn’t sure if he couldn’t hear or was just playing along with Katie’s game

“‘I’m a slut!” she repeated, the heart pounding as she said it louder.

“Oh. Well, I had been wondering.” Tim sounded almost amused, and perhaps he was. She was in a bit of a predicament.

“What else, Tee-Tee?” Katie said, waiting for Tia to say some more.

Huh? “ Tia said, unsure what Katie wanted. Her mind was going a million miles a minute, and she could feel her body responding to the embarrassment.

“You know, besides being a slut like you said, and loving to be tied up. What is it you really like, hmm??”

Then Tia just laid there, looking confused and uncertain. Katie leaned in and whispered again. “Tell them you love to cum!”. Katie pulled back, but ran her hand down Tia’s body, dancing over her hard nipple before heading directly towards her split wide and exposed sex.

Tia flushed, her body feeling warm and her mind running like crazy. She couldn’t just say things like that, could she? Part of her was appalled, but part of her enjoyed the embarrassment, the way she felt forced to expose herself in words and deeds.

“I ... I like to cum”

“Oh, yes, we know you do like to cum, don’t you?”

“All of it Tee-Tee!”

“I. I’m a submissive slut that loves to cum!”

Tia groaned, her hips moving as Katie teased at her opening, her fingers sliding around but not quite touching.

“Oh wow, you let Katie make you cum, too? Just like us?”

“Yes ... yes...” she hissed, gasping as Katie ran a finger up and down her labia, parting her lips and exposing how wet she was.

“That looks like fun. I think we all assumed you liked it, but it’s good to hear you say that.”

“More. Tell them what you just found out. You know ... last night?”

’Oh god,’ Tia thought, ’she wants me to talk about sucking on them!’ The heat rushed to her head as she imagined what it would feel like to say.

“I ... god ... you know. I like to, um, suck you. And cum...”

“I’m not sure I understand, Tia, or should I say Tee-Tee.”

“Hey, that’s my name. You can call her what you want, but not that”

“Oh, sorry ... but I still was not sure what she meant.”

Katie pressed her hand against Tia’s sex and began to work her faster, keeping on moving until Tia’s hips were again futilely bucking upwards.

“Tell them...”

“Fuck! Ok ... I, mmm, I like to ... suck your cocks. And make you cum...”

“And?”

“And? And ... and ... when you cum all over me ... oh god ... oh god ... just like”

Katie pulled her hand away, holding up her wet finger to the phone before drawing a wet line up from Tia’s nipple to her mouth, waiting for her to suck on it like an obedient little slut.

“Oh. You liked that? Last night? I mean ... we did cum all over you more than once.” Tim asked, enjoying the way Katie was tormenting his twin.

“Oh? I missed it! So sad!” Katie said, not letting Tia talk while keeping her finger in her mouth.

“Hmm, I may have to make her stop. She’s almost cumming already and I don’t think she should get off that easily. Get your brothers. She needs to tell them both before I let her ... um, have some fun.”

‘Oh, yeah, hold on.”

Tia could see the small screen go neutral as Tim stepped away. She lay there for a long moment, moving slightly, wanting more of Katie’s touch. As soon as Katie pulled her finger away from her mouth she moaned, “Oh god, you are ... you are so mean.!”

“I know ... but you fucking love it. You are dripping!” Katie said, trailing her fingers back down to Tia’s sex and toying with her, teasing her, not really making her closer to cumming, but making her think about it. Making her want it.

“Hey!”

Tia could hear Terrence’s voice coming through the phone’s speaker, and she looked up and thought she saw both him and Thomas on the phone.

“God damn! Naked at Katie’s too!??”

Hearing a second voice, that of Thomas, confirmed her assumption that they were both there. Both watching.

“Yes, yes, Tia has something to tell you guys, don’t you Tee-Tee?” Katie was again lightly teasing her between her legs, her hips moving ineffectually to try to control the sensations she was getting.

“Yeah? Like what? She likes to be tied up? We know all of that! Don’t we Terrence?”

“Yeah, sure.”

“No ... no. not that. Go on Tee-Tee.” Katie said, urging her on, her fingers driving Tia crazy.

“Oh god, I’m such a slut. I’m a slut alright?”

“I can see that. Sheesh”

“And...?” Katie prodded.

“I’m a slut and I love to cum. I love to cum a lot. And ... I love to suck your cocks and make them cum. I...”

“You love to suck cocks, hmmm?”

“Yes ... I love to suck ... cock ... oh god ... oh god...” Tia was losing it and Katie’s fingers were not helping, in fact it was clear that she was intent on sending Tia over the edge while she was on the phone.

A long minute passed while Tia writhed on the bed, Katie’s fingers continuing to toy with her faster and faster until she came while they all watched.

“Thanks guys, I’m sure she will tell you more when she is home. I just thought it was important that she stopped hiding these things,” Katie said, her voice still sounding full of mischief.

“No shit. Hurry home tomorrow, Tia, and you can tell us again, huh?”

Thomas’s voice rang in her head as she came back to earth, and Tia could sense a shift in how things were going to be. She was not really sure if that shift was good, bad, or maybe a bit of both.

Tia stretched as best she could, still tied to the bed. She turned her head to the side and sighed, feeling her exposure continue to give her that private little thrill. Katie had left her for a moment after her orgasm, and it wasn’t until she felt the bed move that she realized Katie was back. Turning her head back and looking up, she saw her friend kneeling over her, much like last week, and it was clear she was intent on reliving some of what had happened. Katie had removed her shorts, and her panties were obviously damp as she knelt over Tia’s head, Tia’s arms held up tight above her head. She watched, her secret hunger to please Katie, and others, making her more than a little eager for what was to come, even if she said nothing.

“Mmmm, I see you know what’s coming. Is your mouth watering? I know my pussy is. Here ... have a taste” Katie said, lowering her panty covered pussy directly over Tia’s mouth, holding herself steady as Tia slowly mouthed and sucked on the damp fabric.

“Yes ... God ... yes ... your mouth is so warm ... so warm...” Katia sighed, moaning a little as she rocked herself ever so slightly back and forth against Tia’s mouth. Her damp panties moved with her, coating Tia’s nose and chin as well as her mouth with their combined saliva and vaginal secretions. “God ... I still can’t believe you love doing this ... you do love it right? You want nothing more than to lick me until I come, right?” Tia’s face was flushed, and her submissive need was raging as she sucked and mouthed Katie’s sex. Katie pulled herself up and off of Tia’s face, waiting.

Tia groaned, silently nodding before adding an obedient, even eager response. “Yes. Yes, I do ... mmmmm” Every word seemed to sear into her brain, and when Katie pulled her panties to the side and lowered her naked sex back down over Tia’s mouth, Tia eagerly opened her mouth and licked and tasted her best friend, the unique flavor of Katie filling her nose and mouth. She closed her eyes and let herself slide into this very submissive act. Arms bound tight above her head, Katie’s knees framing her head and her friend’s thighs and bottom pressing down on her chest, Tia licked and sucked Katie’s free flowing sex.

The two girls could not stay in Katie’s room all day and all night, so Tia had to try not to be too embarrassed when Katie’s mom saw them when they went downstairs to watch a show before eating dinner. Tia could not look Carol in the eye for the longest time, remembering how she had seen her stroll into the kitchen completely starkers. It took several reassuring comments from Katie’s mother before she even partially relaxed, though it remained odd to think that they both had seen her naked today. Even if one view was very brief.

The three watched a show after dinner, Katie and Tia not wanting to make it seem like the only thing they wanted to do was to hang out in Katie’s room. Tia had finally relaxed enough to forget about what Carol had seen, though when the show was over and they got ready to go back upstairs, Katie made sure that Tia had not forgotten.

“Well, I think we are going to go up. Um... “ Katie said, getting up and grabbing her glass, looking at her mother and Tia for a moment.

“Yeah, well, you said you wanted a warning and stuff. So, yeah. Tia is going to be naked again. Sorta a rule.”

“Oh, I see. A rule?”

“Yes’m. No clothes upstairs anymore. She’s lucky I don’t make it everywhere. Maybe later.”

“Oh. Well, thank you for the warning. And I’m sure warning me had nothing to do with trying to embarrass poor Tia, hmm?”

“Well, maybe a little.”

“Mmm hmm. Enjoy yourselves. And Katie, I swear if I find out you have been imposing your will on Tia, we shall have a much different conversation.”

“Oh, no, I swear! Right Tia?”

“Um, right. It’s ok.”

Tia got up and joined her friend, the two leaving the room and heading up the stairs.

“Oh, no you don’t. Hold on young lady,” Katie said, stopping about two steps up from the bottom.

“What?”

“You heard the new rule! No clothes upstairs. Upstairs starts right there,” Katie said, pointing at the lowest step of the stairway.

Tia flushed, a familiar tingle returning as she figured out Katie’s game. She fiddled with her top for a moment, gathering her nerve, before slowly lifting her shirt up and over her head.

Katie stood and waited, watching Tia, their face impassive, acting as if this was all completely normal behavior.

Tia handed Katie her shirt before reaching behind her back to unhook her bra, feeling a tingle darting around her ribcage, heading straight towards her nipples. As she handed over her undergarment, she heard Carol’s footsteps behind her, and she froze for a moment, looking up at Katie standing on the higher step. Katie’s eyes were tracking her mother’s progress from living room to kitchen, and she nodded at Tia’s waist when Tia did not continue right away.

Feeling the tingles of excitement multiply with every inch she exposed, Tia started slowly, pushing down on the elastic waistband of her pants, before speeding up after a moment, accelerating her exposure. Holding out her pants, unwilling to turn around to check on where Katie’s mother was, she stared hard at her friend, watching their face as she hooked her thumbs under the waistband of her panties and slid them over her hips and down her thighs, bending to pick them up before handing over the last of her garments.

“Night, mom!” Katie called out, still not moving on up the stairs.

“G’night girls,” her mother replied, her voice coming from the kitchen.

“Tell her goodnight, hmm?” Katie told her, still waiting, drawing out the time Tia stood on the bottom step, completely naked.

“Katie!” Tia protested weakly, before doing as her friend demanded. “Night Carol!”

Finally, Katie continued on up to their room, Tia following along, her heart pounding and her senses alive.

As soon as they got into Katie’s room, the other girl turned and darted a hand between Tia’s legs, her fingers sliding up and across Tia’s wet labia, her finger curling to probe inside briefly.

“Fuck, I knew you’d be soaked! You so fricking love all of this. You loved me making you strip downstairs, didn’t you!” Katie’s finger pulled away, wiping itself off on Tia’s thigh before her hand flattened and cupped Tia’s pussy completely. Tia could feel her knees buckle in pleasure, and she grabbed onto Katie’s elbow to keep standing upright.

Katie abruptly turned, pulling her hand away, and pulled the bedcovers down, exposing the fitted bottom sheet of her bed. Patting the middle of her bed, Katie called Tia over. “Hop up now, hands above your head. Feet apart like I know you love it. Let’s see how much you love this, hmm?” She turned to grab her collection of soft ropes from her bottom drawer while Tia got up on the bed and followed Katie’s instructions like a good girl. A good obedient, submissive, exhibitionist slut of a girl.

It seemed to take less than a minute for Katie to bind her to the bed, arms stretched overhead, and each foot drawn to a distinct edge of the bed’s footboard. She pulled at her bindings experimentally, finding them firm but not too tight as to be uncomfortable. Wriggling her bare hips against the sheet, she luxuriated in her naked exposure while she lay there, waiting for Katie.

Katie looked her over, nodding, before going to her dresser and grabbing her shorty nightgown and matching bottoms. She turned to face Tia’s stretched out body, and slowly removed her clothes, exposing herself completely. Her fuller breasts swayed as she slid her bottoms up over her round bottom, and as she slipped her nightgown over her head, Tia could see Katie’s hard nipples pressing outward, letting her know Tia was not the only one affected by Katie’s games.

Tia could feel her anticipation growing as Katie approached the bed, and by the time Katie was running a hand up the inside of Tia’s thigh, stroking her soft skin, she was sure she was dripping onto the sheets, her arousal as high as it ever had been.

“Such eagerness,” Katie teased, her hand moving higher, teasing at Tia’s sex, watching as Tia thrust her hips up to meet her hand. She did not stop touching Tia, nor did she back away this time. Katie slid her hand firmly against Tia’s wet sex, turning her fingers and sliding one inside of Tia while pressing her palm against Tia’s throbbing clit. Faster her finger and hand moved, matching the rhythm of Tia’s thrusts, and it took only a minute, maybe two, before Tia was cumming yet again, her body straining against her bonds as her friend played with her body.

“Mmmm, such a horny little thing. Again, I think. Yes”. Without hardly any pause, Katie continued her manipulation of Tia’s body, her fingers pulling away briefly before two of them joined to probe her depths. Even though she had just climaxed, as Katie continue to slowly fuck her with her fingers, Tia felt her inner muscles closing around her friend’s fingers, and the beginning of another orgasm formed in her center.

Gasping, Tia felt the exquisite torture of a second orgasm in quick succession washing over her, and as she started to calm down, she felt Katie again pushing against her clit, making her jump from the touch, as her friend whispered “Again.”

 