"Welcome to Korea," the flight attendant said as they taxied toward the gate. She took their drink glasses, and opened the storage bins to retrieve their luggage.

"This is a whole new game," Yoochun was saying quietly. "We have fans in other countries, but in Korea, we are gods."

Jaejoong nodded. "It's going to be tight, loud and blinding," he explained. "About ten times worse than you've seen yet."

"Just follow Jaejoong or me," Yoochun told her. "Staff and security will make sure you're not accosted. Same rules as before apply."

"Don't touch or be touched unless absolutely necessary," George recited.

"And try to look good," Jaejoong added, swiping at his hair.

"That's one of your rules?" George asked, taking Junsu's bag when the flight attendant handed it to her.

"That's usually his only rule," Yoochun said, shaking his head.

They were escorted from the plane out into the terminal. Airport security joined them at the gate, and they started through the airport. They were recognized every step of the way. George thought she had a handle on what they had prepared her for...until they passed through security.

"My god," she breathed, the wave of sound and flash hitting them as they entered the public area of the terminal. Jaejoong led them right toward it. "You're bigger than the Beatles," she murmured.

The next five minutes were spent inching their way toward the front doors and into the waiting SUV. When the doors closed, and the airport was behind them, George watched Jaejoong take Yoochun's hand. He moved his fingers in a rhythmic pattern, squeezed gently several times, and let go. Jaejoong sat back and watched the city come into view. Yoochun turned his head and watched Jaejoong.

Within half an hour they were at the apartment in Seoul. Their driver helped them carry in their bags, and bid them good evening. Jaejoong pointed out the rooms to George, and Yoochun grabbed several bags and carried them into Junsu's room.

Jaejoong watched him go, snatched a pillow off a chair and drew George away into the kitchen. He lay down on the floor. "Let me go now," he whispered, tucking the pillow under his head. "Please."

George answered by reaching out and smoothing Jaejoong's hair hanging over his forehead. Her thumb brushed his skin, and Jaejoong's eyes fell closed. Her arm tingled from the touch, and she stepped back to watch Jaejoong's winged soul rise free from his body.

"Thank you," he whispered, and turned toward a light unlike any George had every seen. Instead of rippling and growing blues and greens, this light was dim, flickering, and enclosed about by darkness. George realized she was seeing Junsu's song from a great distance.

"The darkest place is heaven when I can be with you," Jaejoong murmured.

"Jae, your phone is--" Yoochun started, coming into the kitchen. Jaejoong smiled at him, turned and sped toward the tiny light. Then there was nothing but the electric buzz of kitchen appliances.

Yoochun sat down on the floor next to Jaejoong's body. He curled his legs up, and held his knees. To George, he looked infinitely young. They didn't speak for a long time. Then George felt the wave of Yunho's presence wash over her, and they both looked up to see Yunho standing over Jaejoong's body.

George held her internal grip on Junsu's body, and Yunho touched her lightly on the head as he came closer, to assure she wouldn't loose her connection again. She still felt the lightheadedness, and decided the floor was a better place to be.

Yunho too, sat down. He slid close to Yoochun, putting his arm around him, and drawing him in. "I left a wedding," Yunho said at last. "They know Jae's coming. The kid wearing Changmin's face was terrified."

Yoochun laughed but it was hollow. George looked up at that. "Someone's been pretending to be Changmin like I've been Junsu?"

Yunho nodded. "For months," he told her. He motioned to the livingroom. "I set him free."

Yoochun leaned his forehead against Yunho's temple, closed his eyes, and took a breath. Then he got up and left the kitchen.

"They haven't seen one another in almost a year," Yunho told her softly.

"How did this happen to the five of you?" George asked him. "I read about your company. How did you even get into that situation?"

"We still work for humankind," Yunho answered. "Sometimes change requires an aggressive hand, and at other times, it takes patience and man's law. In the end, we hope for the freedom of many more than ourselves."

"This is about a legal precident?"

"It's about slavery," Yunho corrected. "About poverty and oppression."

"But," George glanced at Jaejoong's still body. "This could mean your lives!"

Yunho smiled. "And that's too much to give for another's freedom?"

"Not like that." George tried to explain the sorrow she'd felt through Junsu's song for Jaejoong. "Not just life, but...your souls." She swallowed and closed her eyes against the rise of tears. "YOUR souls," she whispered, feeling at that moment just like Yoochun seemed to at his humanity.

She felt a hand cup her chin and tilt her face up. She lifted her gaze to meet the kindest eyes she'd ever seen. "Two things, Georgia Lass," Yunho told her in a voice to match those eyes. "Our souls are worth no more than that of any other being. And," his thumb brushed her cheek, "There is no part of this universe that would allow the entrapment of Junsu or Changmin or Jaejoong's soul without massive recourse."

George smiled at him. "Is that what I am? Massive recourse?"

Yunho chuckled. Along with Junsu's laughter, it was one of the most beautiful sounds in the world to George.

"Oh yeah," he said with a grin. "Would you like to watch your work unfold?"

"Without dreaming?"

He nodded.

"Oh yeah," she said, remembering the beauty that was Jaejoong with sword and wings unfurled.

Yunho seemed to read her thoughts. "Sometimes, I can't take my eyes off him either." George blushed until she realized Yunho was blushing too. He laughed and she joined him. "Come on," he said, resting a hand on her shoulder before standing up. "Help me carry him in with Changmin."

Yunho picked up Jaejoong's shoulders, and George got his legs. Together they carried Jaejoong's body into the livingroom. Yunho angled him to lie next to Changmin, head by feet. Yoochun was sitting with Changmin's head in his lap, singing softly. Yunho sat down and mirrored him with Jaejoong's head in his own lap. He reached for George's hand and pulled her down beside him.

"Give me your hand, Yoochun," Yunho said quietly.

Yoochun looked uncertain, but reached across Changmin and Jaejoong's bodies, hand outstretched.

"You've always trusted me," Yunho told Yoochun before he touched him. They shared a moment of memory and silence. Then Yunho gripped Yoochun's palm in his, laced their fingers and leaned forward. "It's time to trust yourself."

George watched Yoochun's soul react to Yunho's touch. He arched his whole body, head falling back, mouth gasping as his soul pushed and waivered against his reaper flesh. George's own soul trembled to watch. When Yoochun began to fall, body fighting for air, soul pulled between freedom and safety, George looked to Yunho, willed him to stop. But Yunho saw no one but Yoochun.

Yoochun fought for the union of his body and soul, gasps becoming cries, cries becoming moans, moans becoming notes. Notes becoming song. Song brought with it light that came from Yoochun alone--light from the resonance of his soul vibrating in his body.

The light grew, and still, Yoochun held on. His other hand shot out to catch himself from falling, and his head came down, eyes now focused on Yunho. George could still see his soul, but there was no longer a separation between his flesh and the song of his soul. He was alight from the inside out. George couldn't stop looking at him.

Yoochun's voice faltered, and Yunho slowly untwined their hands, and let go. "My friend," he whispered with awe in his voice.

Tears began to fall down Yoochun's cheeks, but the light inside him held steady. Outside, George heard thunder rumble in the distance.

"George," Yunho said quietly, still watching Yoochun, "You've witnessed the becoming of a god."

She opened her mouth, but there was nothing to say. Yoochun closed his eyes, and it seemed to her that beyond the tears, he was listening for something. Lightening struck nearby, lit the room so that George couldn't tell where Yoochun's light and the lightening were separated. Thunder crackled only a breath later, and its rumble shook the earth around them.

"Yes," Yunho said over the sound. "It Ends Now."

And then they were thrown into darkness. George reached out and found Yunho still beside her, found Jaejoong's body still next to him. Light flared like an exhale of breath, coming from a tiny moon hanging above them all, pulsing slightly with Yunho's breathing. She could see Yoochun bending over Changmin's body, sheltering it in the dark. Slowly her eyes adjusted, and she recognized the endless black around them.

"How are we here?" she whispered to Yunho.

"We only watch," he answered. "We're still in Seoul." He turned and pointed behind her. "There."

George turned to see...nothing. At first her eyes told her there was nothing in the darkness. But then she heard it; a rough intake of breath, a ragged sound, a faint whisper of a note and there was a spark of light hanging in the air nearby. And lying under the light was Changmin, unmoving as ever, and next to him, curled close, was Junsu.

"He's still singing," she said, throat clenching as the spark faded. She swallowed. "Where is Jaejoong?"

The answer came from Yoochun. His voice was deep and rumbling, but with a note of surity George had never heard before. "Look up." She did.

There was a star falling through the darkness. At least, that's what George thought at first. The star fell further, came closer, grew in size and proportion. She began to see angles and realized the star was not falling straight down, but shifting this way and that on its descent. After a minute, she could see it wasn't a star at all, but a being. With wings.

Jaejoong fell further, came closer, and she saw now that what she thought was shifting in his path were attacks and counter-attacks with his sword. She heard a shout and light flared as Jaejoong fought his way into the depths of the pit. He was more graceful in the air than he was on the ground, George thought, watching Jaejoong wield the sword that was every bit a part of him.

"Beautiful," she heard Yunho murmur beside her.

With another shout and a gust of wind that swirled the darkness around them, Jaejoong landed. He saw Junsu and Changmin, and ran to them, dropping his sword as he fell to his knees beside Junsu.

"Junsu!" Jaejoong cradled Junsu in his arms, patting his back, and trying to revive him. He glanced at Changmin and reached out to feel his chest. Changmin stirred.

"Changmin!" Jaejoong lay Junsu back down, and shifted his attention to Changmin, trying again to get a reaction.

"You are too late, Youngwoong," the voice came out of the darkness. Jaejoong reached for his sword and stood over Junsu and Changmin.

"No," he growled. "I lay claim. They are mine, and I'm taking them back with me."

"Ah," said the voice. "But do they claim you back?"

"Yes," Jaejoong spit, anger in his voice.

"What proof do you have?"

"It's all over my body and soul," Jaejoong retorted.

"But that is your proof," the voice continued, even and vicious. "What of theirs?"

Jaejoong hesitated. It was a mistake.

"Ah." The voice laughed this time. George saw a finger of darkness reach out and wrap itself around Jaejoong's leg. "Their souls are but mute as to your claiming."

Jaejoong fell to one knee over Junsu. "Junsu-yah!" Jaejoong slapped his face, and George felt it. She looked at Yunho, hand on her face, then back to Jaejoong. While Jaejoong tried shaking Junsu and even pinching him, George's mind was reeling from the sensations and what it could mean.

"Ohmygod," she said when Jaejoong struck Junsu again, and it once more stung her face.

"What is it, George?" Yunho asked, looking at her now.

"I can feel that." She motioned to where Jaejoong was half-kneeling over Junsu.

"Yunho." This from Yoochun.

"I know," Yunho told him. He reached out a hand to her. "I'll pull you before anything can happen to you."

"Yunho." Yoochun's voice carried even more urgency.

"What's happening?" George asked. Yoochun was up and moving toward Junsu's soul. So, she saw, was the darkness.

Yunho held her hand tighter and whispered, "Junsu is losing himself."