The Ball Pit
by Raven

If there was one thing any of Tracy's friends knew about her, it's that she absolutely hated children. She didn't like them and it was pretty apparent they didn't like her. That's why her life got very complicated when she met Ken. Ken and Tracy met at the farmer's market and instantly hit it off. Their first date was magical. The only problem? Ken had a daughter, Lucy. Ken was a few years older than Tracy (who was 32) and had been previously married before his wife left him and his daughter Lucy. Tracy and Lucy did not get along well, but Tracy didn't want to leave Ken, so she stuck it out. However, she had a feeling Ken was noticing how the two didn't like each other, and of course if push came to shove, he would choose his daughter over his girlfriend. So Tracy knew she had to do something, even if it was give the illusion she liked Lucy.

When it was getting close to Lucy's 8th birthday, Ken received some bad news, his job was sending him on the road for a few days, so he wouldn't be able to throw Lucy a birthday party. Lucy, of course, was devastated by this news and cried endlessly. Tracy saw this as an opportunity to step up. She volunteered to throw Lucy a birthday party. Ken and Lucy were shocked by this idea. Ken was ecstatic that Tracy was stepping up like this. This could possibly make her mom material, he thought. Lucy, while not a fan of Tracy, was happy that she'd be able to have a party after all.

Tracy had planned a big day at Chuck E Cheese, aka Tracy's own personal hell; children hyped up on sugar running around screaming and spreading germs, this surely proved her love for Ken, Tracy thought.

Tracy had invited all of the kids from Lucy's class, whose parents were all friends with Ken. Tracy knew they'd be judging her strongly and report whatever happened back to Ken, so Tracy knew this had to go well. The parents and their children all arrived to the party. The kids ate pizza, cake, and then went to go play the games and play on the indoor playground.

Everything was going fine until it was time to open presents. Tracy had to gather all the children to come back to the table. If you've ever had this horrible duty of telling children it's time to stop having fun, it's a painful process. Tracy wandered around looking for the children until she found them all in the worst place in the universe, the ball pit. Tracy called out for Lucy and the other kids to come back for presents. The other kids groaned and started to come out, but Lucy stayed defiantly. "I don't have to listen to you. You're not my mom." Lucy said. Tracy was taken aback by that comment. Luc had never been so disrespectful to her, but with the attention of being the birthday girl and her dad not being around, Lucy felt more free. She told all of her friends to keep playing and they all hopped back in the pit.

Tracy was now pissed. She yelled at Lucy to obey and get out of the ball pit. Lucy looked at her right in the eyes with an evil smile and simply said "no." That was the last straw for Tracy. She orchestrated this whole thing so that this brat could have a birthday party and this is how she's treated? Tracy decided she was going to go in and get Lucy herself.

Tracy marched into the ball pit and headed towards Lucy who was on the opposite end. Having never been in one before, Tracy didn't know that the middle of the pit was deeper than the rest of the pit. As she marched angrily, she fell deeper into the pit. Tracy screamed as she fell. All the children laughed at her. Tracy was boob deep in the pit. She felt really embarrassed as the kids laughed. She looked around ready to yell at Lucy, but couldn't find her. Suddenly, she felt her shoes get yanked off of her. Tracy yelped. Lucy emerged from the balls next to her running away with her shoes triumphantly. "Hey!" Tracy shouted. "Give those back now!" "No shoes in the ball pit dummy" Lucy said with a smirk. Tracy was fuming.

"I am going to get you you brat!" Tracy shouted. Lucy's smirk turned to a frown of anger and vengeance. "No" Lucy said. "We're going to get you." Tracy was caught off guard by that comment. She looked around at all the children that were now ready to pounce at Lucy's request. The little birthday girl was now a full blown dictator. Lucy pointed at Tracy. "Get her!" Lucy shouted. The children all dove into the ball pit and head towards Tracy. Tracy shouted and tried to run away from them, but she was surrounded. The kids all started trying to grab her and tackle her. Tracy fought them off as best she could. As she was fighting off four kids, something horrible happened. She felt tiny hands unzip her jeans. She froze for a moment because surely the kids weren't his bold. Then, it happened. Tracy felt her jeans get pulled down and clean off her legs. Tracy was now pantsless in the ball pit. The only covering she had on the lower half of her body was her panties.

Yes, nobody could see her, but still, Tracy was speechless. "This cannot be happening." she thought. Tracy didn't know what to do. She didn't want to draw attention to the fact her pants were stole, because surely that would make matters worse. Tracy decided to just keep fighting the kids off while looking for the little runt that stole her pants. "Lucy, stop your friends now and listen to me!" Tracy shouted. Lucy walked into the shallow end of the balls that only came up to her knees. "Come over here and make me." Lucy said.

Checkmate. Tracy knew she couldn't go over there. She had to think quickly. "No, I am the adult. You are the child. You come to me right now." Tracy said. Tracy shouldn't have said that. Lucy could tell something was wrong. "Why don't you wanna come over here?" Lucy asked. One of the kids emerged from the balls holding Tracy's jeans up pridefully. "I know why." The kid said. Tracy was mortified. That stupid kid just revealed her secret. Lucy's eyes lit up. All the kids laughed at Tracy's situation. Tracy's face turned red. She tried to catch the kid who took her pants, but then, the expected happened. The kid threw her jeans to another kid. "Oh god," Tracy thought. "I'm a grown adult being baited into a keep away game for my pants."

Tracy tried to catch the other kid who had her pants. She knew he was going to throw them, so she started jumping up and down to try and make sure she blocked his throw. Big mistake. As she jumped, she flash her pink cotton panties briefly. This made the kids laugh. Lucy was having a field day and decided to kick this up a notch. "Everyone! Let's take all her clothes off!" Lucy shouted. Tracy was horrified at what she had heard. The children all cheered and pounced towards Tracy. Two kids hopped on Tracy's back and started removing her jacket. As Tracy fought them, Lucy started tickling her to weaken her. Once Tracy let her guard down, her jacket was taken off. Tracy was now left in her white t-shirt and her panties.

The kids that stole her jacket ran off triumphantly. Before Tracy could even react, kids were working on her t-shirt. Tracy was more focused this time. She was not going to let this happened. She managed to throw two of the four kids that were on her off. Lucy was more determined now. "We need reinforcements!" Lucy shouted. Five more kids came over and pounced on Tracy. Tracy's arms were pulled away from her and raised them up. In mere seconds, her shirt was removed from her body. Tracy was now left in just her matching bra and panties. She was mortified. "I see London. I see France. I see Tracy's underpants!" Lucy and the children chanted. Tracy was trying to hold back tears. She was not going to cry in front of these children.

"Okay kids, that's enough. Please, you've humiliated me enough" Tracy pleaded. "I said, we would take all of your clothes." Lucy said. "Undies are clothes." Tracy was terrified at what Lucy just said. That was no kid. That was a demon. Tracy wanted so badly to get out of there, but she was surrounded. Lucy hopped behind her and unhooked her bra. Tracy's hands instantly snapped onto the front of her bra. She tried kicking the kids away since she could no longer use her arms, but it was nearly impossible since she was engulfed in the plastic balls. While she was fighting to save her bra, another kid dove underneath the balls.

The kid emerged right behind Tracy. "Wedgie!" the kid shouted. The kids gave Tracy a massive wedgie. Tracy yelped and pain and accidentally let go of her bra. The second Lucy had the opportunity, she swiped Tracy's bra leaving her boob exposed. Tracy screamed and covered her boobs. The kids all laughed at her. Lucy ran around the ball put waving Tracy's bra like a flag. Before Tracy could even fully process the situation, her panties were torn from her body. Tracy was now completely naked in the ball pit. The kids all wanted to get a look at Tracy's naked body. Tracy lowered herself into the balls. Fortunately for her, they provided good cover. The kids all gathered around her.

"Get away from me!" Tracy shouted. The kids started touching her all over and moving balls away so they could get a look at her naked body. Tracy felt a dozen hands all over her playing with her boobs, butt, and pussy. "Naked Tracy! Naked Tracy!" Lucy shouted. The kids all repeated the new nickname. "You're not supposed to be naked in the ball pit Tracy. That's against the rules." Lucy said with a smug. "Hold her. Tracy needs a spanking for being so naughty." Lucy said. The kids grabbed Tracy and turned her to where her butt was sticking out of the balls. Tracy was now in tears. "Please Lucy!" Tracy pleaded. Her pleas fell upon deaf ears. Lucy and her friends spanked Tracy's naked butt until it was bright red.

Suddenly, one of the Chuck E Cheese employees came over. Tracy pushed the kids away and sunk underneath the balls revealing only her head and shoulders. "Excuse me ma'am, adults aren't allowed in the ball pit," The teenage pimple faced employee said. "I'm gonna have to ask you to please step out." Tracy was speechless and horrified. "Um...I...I..." she couldn't even form a sentence. "Yeah, get out of here Naked Tracy." Lucy said. This confused but also excited the employee. "Uh miss...are...you...naked?" the employee asked. Tracy stuttered her words. "Y-y-yes, but I didn't take my clothes off. They were stolen from me." Tracy said. The employee smirked. "Be that as it may, I need you to get out or I'm gonna have to call my manager." Tracy was defeated. Tears streamed down her face as she slowly made her way out of the ball pit. She covered her boobs with one hand and her pussy with another. The rest of her however, was completely exposed.

The kids all laughed as the naked woman stood before them. The employee took in the sight. He had never been more happy to be a minimum wage pizza peddler in his life. "Please, can I have your apron?" Tracy asked. "Sorry, my manager would make me pay for it if I gave it away." The employee said. "Oh come on, I need something to wear. Tracy said. "We have Chuck E Cheese T-shirts, twenty bucks." the employee said. "Fine, just bring me the largest one you have. Hurry!" The employee ran off to grab a t-shirt. The kids finally all decided to leave the ball pit, so they could get a good look at Tracy.

Once Lucy exited, Tracy grabbed her by the arm exposing her pussy. She crossed her legs to try and provide some cover. "Lucy, we are leaving, now!" Tracy said angrily. "What about my presents? I didn't open them." Lucy complained. "I don't care! I am taking you home now!" Tracy said. "But you promised my daddy that you'd have plenty of pictures of me opening presents. You don't wanna let him down do you? Especially since you wanna be my new mommy." Lucy said. Who the hell was this kid? Tracy thought. Sadly, Tracy knew Lucy had a point. Ken would not be happy if he didn't have pictures of Lucy opening presents. Tracy sighed completely defeated by this demon child. "Fine, come on kids, let's go watch Lucy open her presents." Tracy said.

Tracy and the kids all returned to their area where all the parents were shocked by the naked woman. Having known Lucy, the parents didn't even need to ask what had happened. They all just contained laughter at how this grown woman was stripped naked by children. The employee finally returned with the t-shirt. Tracy instantly put it on. the only problem was, the shirt only covered down to just barely below her waist, leaving her pussy and butt completely exposed. It was also extremely tight. Her nipples were very noticeable. "what the hell? I said bring me the largest." Tracy said angrily. "We only have children's shirts miss. I did bring you the largest one." the employee said. Tracy had to endure Lucy opening her presents being completely bottomless. She tried to tug the front down to cover her pussy but her butt was completely exposed.

Lucy demanded Tracy stand next to her while she opened her presents so she could be in the pictures, that way her dad knew they had fun together. Tracy was mortified as the parents took pictures of "Lucy" as she tried to make sure her pussy wasn't shown. Lucy kept asking Tracy to hand her the next present and seeing as no other parent was gonna help her, Tracy had to temporarily flash her pussy to hand Lucy a present. After about half an hour, it looked like the party was about to wrap up. Tracy was relieved, until of course, the legend himself came over, Charles Entertainment Cheese. The mouse mascot came over and all the children went nuts. He high fived and hugged all of them. Lucy got excited. "Tracy! Let's take a picture with Chuckie!" she demanded. Tracy reluctantly walked over to take a picture with the mascot. Tracy felt the mascot's hand groped her naked butt. Tracy didn't want to make a scene, so she just let it happen.

Lucy asked for Chuckie to pick her up for one of the pictures. Then, she told Chuckie to pick Tracy up. Tracy protested, but the mascot picked her up. He grabbed her by the waist and lifted her exposing her pussy. Tracy shouted at him to stop. The mascot shook her up and down. Her boobs bounced up and down. Tracy freed herself from the mascot and fell onto the ground on her butt. Her legs were spread giving everyone a good look at her pussy.

After what felt like an eternity, the party was finally over. Tracy packed all the presents in her car and came back inside to get Lucy. Before she could leave, the employee stopped her. "Uh ma'am. You never paid for your shirt." he said. "Oh, let me just get my purse." Tracy said. She was horrified when she realized her purse was nowhere to be found. "Oh no! My purse! My wallet! My keys!" Tracy shouted. "Sorry ma'am, I'm gonna need the shirt back." The employee said. Tracy looked at him in disbelief. She reluctantly took the shirt off and handed it to the employee. Tracy was now once again naked. Lucy ran over to her with a grin. "Lucy, have you seen my purse?" Tracy asked. "Yeah, it's with your clothes." Lucy said. "Wait, you found my clothes?" Tracy said excitedly. Lucy nodded and pointed to the claw machine. To Tracy's horror, she saw that Lucy had put her purse, keys, and clothes in the claw machine tucked beneath stuffed animals.

"How are we supposed to get home?" Tracy asked. "Oh yeah, I'm going to go spend the night at Stephanie's house." Lucy said. She handed Tracy a bag and ran off with Stephanie. Tracy opened the bag, it was full of tokens for the claw machine. "I hate that kid." Tracy muttered. The nude woman spent the rest of the evening as quite the spectacle as she failed again and again to retrieve her items from the claw machine. Eventually, it was closing time. Tracy was forced to leave. The only item she was able to retrieve was her ripped remains of her shirt that were useless. Tracy was now naked outside the Chuck E Cheese at night without her keys and no way of getting home. After a few minutes of sulking, Tracy knew there was only one thing to do...she had to walk home naked.

