The Hotel Pool
by McSkyy

Part 1

The thunder had subsided and was now barely audible in the distance. Suzette walked over to the window of her 10th floor hotel room and looked out. The lights in the parking lot and in the pool area were all on and the concrete glistened with under them. The rain had stopped. Large puddles were left all over after the heavy downpour. Light steam rose up from sections of the ground that were still warmer than the night air. It was already almost 11PM, but the night time air temperature in Raleigh this time of year rarely dipped below the mid-seventies.

Suzette looked over at the pool, also steaming now a bit as the rain cooled things down.

“Oh a swim would feel so good! Perfect way to end the day!” She thought to herself.

She was in Raleigh for training all this week at her company’s corporate location. She came down here quite often and ALWAYS stayed at the Sheraton. It was the nicest hotel in the area, with the best facilities. Plus it was only 2 miles from where she had to be each day.

It was Tuesday night, her second night on the road for this trip. Her job as a Human Resources manager didn’t require much travel other than the 3 or 4 yearly trips to Raleigh to her corporate HQ. Last night she had wanted to go for a swim, but the pool area was sort of crowded and Suzette was a little shy about going in front of everyone in the suit she had brought with her.

She had an assortment of modest one-piece suits that she COULD have taken with her on this trip, but not this time. Instead, she brought the one two piece that she owned. It was a light blue bikini, with a string top and a somewhat skimpy bottom. At least, Suzette thought it was skimpy. It fit her well, but didn’t really offer the fanny coverage that she felt comfortable with in front of others. The funny thing was, Suzettes friends were always telling her how jealous they were of her figure. At 32 she was still in great shape, with a really flat tummy. Still though, Suzette was a fairly modest person who rarely dressed in anything other than conservative clothes and swimwear. All of her life she wanted so much to be like the skinny girls with small boobs – just have a real athletic build. But Suzette had been “blessed” with the classic hour glass figure, curvy hips, a big chest and a very full round behind. She had some body issues, like most women. But she dealt with them by covering up what she could, when she could. Plus, she knew that most men (and women for that matter) preferred a woman with a nice booty – and she knew hers was envied by her friends… she took some solace in that when ever she felt it was too fat.

She looked back out the window and almost had second thoughts about wearing just a bikini out there. The lure of the completely deserted pool, however, was strong.

“Well, it did just rain. I doubt anyone will be heading down there at this hour anyway…” she said, convincing herself to at least put her bikini on and go down there. After a few more minutes of waffling, she finally did put it on, then put on the long terrycloth robe that every room had a pair of for the guests to use. It was white, thick, and covered her to her ankles. She tied it tightly closed around her waist. She put her shoulder length blond hair back in a pony tail, fastened a small elastic hair band around it. Then she grabbed a towel, her room keycard, slipped on her flip flops, and headed out into the hallway.

She went to the rear elevators that serviced the back of the building. The hotel had two sets of elevators, each on opposite ends of the building. The rear set served from the room floors to the pool and gym area. The main elevators ran from the room floors to the main lobby.

Suzette road the elevator all the way down. She stepped out into the hallway on the main floor. The gym was to her left. The lights were on, and only two women were in their on treadmills. Directly in front of her was the door that lead outside to the rear parking lot and the pool. Suzette walked to and through that door.

The night air was warm… warmer than she had expected. She looked towards the large pool area and scanned for people. The big built in hot tub was steaming, but the jets were off. It was empty. The surface of the pool was like a sheet of glass. Even in the half darkness, she knew no one was in it.

The pool area was only half lit with large lights. Most of it was now in total darkness, as was about half of the surrounding concrete deck area. The hot tub was fairly well lit. It officially closed at 11PM each night. Suzette knew she still had some time to swim, but she had been out here before on other trips well past 11 and no one ever came out to check. The lights did shut off, most likely on a timer, but no one had ever come out to check – at least not immediately after 11PM rolled around.

Suzette walked down the path through the grass over to the small, waist high gate that lead into the pool deck. She opened it, walked in and closed it behind her. The whole area was closed in by a 4 foot high brick wall.

Towels from swimmers and sun bathers earlier that day were scattered all about, some hanging on chaise lounges, others on the deck. All were now soaked. A few beer and soda bottles were still on the tables that were placed all around the left side of the pool. It was a nicely laid out area, with a large planter in the center that featured several small bushes and trees. The pool was all the way to the right. It was a large pool, with no real deep end – 5 feet was it’s deepest point. The huge hot tub / Jacuzzi was built right in to the concrete deck between the pool and the hotel itself.

Suzette found a chaise lounge with minimal moisture, and set her towel and room key down on it. She gave a final glance around, then looked up at all the rooms that overlooked the pool area. She was in one of the unlit portions of the deck area, so she knew she was fairly hidden. Still, of the 200 or so rooms that had pool views, lights were only on in a dozen or so, and most of those had the curtains drawn. She took a deep breath and untied the robe, then slipped it from her shoulders and off, laying it over the back of the lounge. She slipped of her flip flops and headed to the pools edge.

She sat on the side and first dipped her feet in, then up to her knees.

“Oh…” she exclaimed… the water was sooooo warm. She lowered herself in and instantly submerged.

She swam around quietly for several minutes, relishing how the warm water relieved any and all stress. Why didn’t she have a pool of her own?? It was heaven.

She floated on her back a while and stared up at the clearing night sky. Several stars were now visible as the clouds were breaking up. So peaceful…

After a bit she flipped over and swam the length of the pool. When she reached the wall in the 5 foot deep section, she held on to it and was about to turn and swim back… but she noticed something. Her boobs… they felt… lighter?

She frowned and looked down. She couldn’t see in the dark water very well, but something was floating right in front of her face. Her top.

“Oh!” she gasped. She quickly grabbed it. The tie on the back had come undone and it now was just hanging around her neck, floating to the surface. She laughed a little, nervously, and quickly glanced around.

Of course, she was alone, and it was so dark out that someone LITERALLY could be in the pool with her and not know that she was practically topless. Just then, the lights went off. It was 11PM. The pool area was now only partially illuminated by the lights in the adjacent parking lot. Other than that, it was very, very dark.

“I should probably take this as a sign and leave…” she thought. But she was struck by something. In her LIFE she had never skinny dipped. Her now naked breasts were actually floating in the water… and it felt WONDERFUL!!

Suzette had always had an ample bust. She is a 36C ( a big C actually) but some days they felt like D’s… they were kind of heavy and bra’s only half supported her comfortably. This weightless feeling was incredible.

Her heart raced a little bit as she turned back towards the center of the pool and swam back a bit, to a point where she could touch the bottom and still be underwater from her shoulders down. She held the top over her breasts a little bit… but then decided that was silly… who could see her? She waded about, absolutely LOVING how it felt. But soon the top hanging around her neck became a bit of an annoyance.

“Well… I guess I could just hold it. I mean, if someone did come along, I’d be able to get it back on quickly…” she thought. She had convinced herself, and with a deep breath, pulled the top off over her head. She waded a bit more, then headed over to the side of the pool near where her robe and towel were and set her top down on the deck. She pushed off the wall and into a back float, her big breasts breaking the surface for a moment. When the cooler night air hit her bare nipples, she almost screamed.

“Oh my!” she said. They hardened up instantly. She stopped and stood, looking around. Her heart rate was increasing… what was going on? GOD this felt so nice! The water here was still to her shoulders… so she started to wade towards the hot tub. She glanced all over as she did. The water level got lower and lower. First the tops of her breasts were out, then to her nipples. She stopped, took a breath, then continued. Her large breasts bounced a bit now and shook, free from their buoyancy in the water and now reacting to her movements and gravity. After a few more steps, they were completely above the water. Again, the night air on her bare, wet nipples caused a gasp. A lusty, almost naughty feeling was coming over her now… she had NEVER felt anything like this and was shocked by it… but she knew she wanted more!

Still VERY aware of her public setting, and very cautious, she proceeded… but her inhibitions were started to fade just a little. She swam about a bit, but after a few minutes of that, noticed the large blue button on the short brick wall near the hot tub that turned on the jets.

“Oh yes…” she thought to herself. The hot tub would feel just fantastic. She thought for a moment about going to get her top, but then hesitated and was struck by the naughtiest most daring of impulses.

She gasped at the very thought, but then before she knew what was happening, she was climbing out of the pool onto the deck…. Topless.

With each step up the small ladder her big breasts swayed and shook. Her bottoms had slipped a bit in back as well, but she didn’t bother to fix them. As she put her right foot on the concrete deck she looked up at all the windows. Topless in the pool was one thing. Topless on the deck? She wanted to be sure she didn’t have an audience. She saw no one and in fact more lights were off now. She pulled her left foot from the water and set it on the deck and turned. Across the pool she looked at her bikini top and the rest of her things. Then she looked down at her naked, dripping breasts. Her nipples were ROCK hard and sticking straight out. She knew that was from the cooler air, but still… they were throbbing a bit as if to remind her of her lack of clothing above her waist.

Her heart pounded in her ears as she turned back towards the hot tub and started to walk towards the blue button that controlled the jets. She had NEVER been topless in a public place before, and now.. as her heart rate increased and the lusty feelings rose within her, she wondered… why not? GOD THIS FELT GOOD!

She could feel her breasts bouncing as she walked. “Oh my gosh… I’m practically streaking!” she whispered as she slowed her pace a little. She was in a section now that was completely dark. The lights from the lot were blocked by a couple of large trees and a small outbuilding that stored equipment for the hotel maintenance workers. Suzette looked around. “Wow it’s so dark right here!” then she looked up. “Hmmm… no moon out tonight.”

The words were barely out of her mouth when she had another impulse that she acted on without hesitation, and slid her hands down her bare sides and under her bikini bottoms. “Well... except for this one…” and she pulled her bottoms to her knees. “Oh my…” she exclaimed as the night air swept across her bare fanny. She straightened up and looked around again, heart positively pounding out of her well endowed, bare chest. She could hardly breathe. She stood in the pitch blackness of that part of the pool deck for a moment. Naked, almost. It was such an intense sexual feeling like none she had felt before. God she was ALIVE!! The bottoms dropped to her ankles and Suzette stepped out of them, again scanning for onlookers. She snatched them up, compressed them into a ball and went to toss them across the pool with her other clothes. They fell a little short and landed with a “plop” in the pool a couple of feet from where her top lay on the edge.

“I can’t believe I am doing this!” she whispered. But she didn’t care, really… this was really turning her on in a way she had NEVER felt before. “Do 32 year old women do things like this?”

She was about to start walking to take a quick, naked, dip in the hot tub, when she heard a noise behind her. A car was pulling into the parking lot.

“Oh no!” she gasped and spun towards the lot, completely visible over the short brick wall. A car was driving in. She was about to reach down to pull her bottoms back up when the car pulled into a spot, literally about 50 feet from where she stood. She froze as the car turned off, and the doors opened. Three men in suits got out.


Part 2

Suzette was panicking. She was standing in a completely unlit little section, so she KNEW they could not see her… but still. She could see THEM and she was terrified.

They were loud and started to head towards the hotel. There was a walkway DIRECTLY on the other side of the pool wall that they would be walking on, and would come within about 20 feet of her.

Suzette stood motionless, arms at her sides. Time seemed to stand still as she watched these three men get closer and closer. As they reached the walkway, and were within about 30 feet of her, Suzette moved her right hand quickly to cover herself a little. Or to do something else?? She wasn’t sure. Her hand slowly moved across her thigh, then naughtiest impulse of the night so far sent it farther left, and over her bush… she was positively THROBBING down below now. What was happening????

“Oh!” she gasped a little, then caught herself. Her heart about stopped as one of the men glanced in her direction. She looked into his eyes and for a minute, she was SURE he was looking into hers… but then his eyes trailed away and she knew he couldn’t see her. Suzette held her breath as they got closer and closer. She was not thinking clearly now as she started to lightly rub herself with her index finger, then two fingers… then she actually slipped a finger inside and almost screamed. She knew was gonna come…. Very soon…

The men were walking right by her now, at their closest point. Suzette continued to masturbate RIGHT THERE! IN FRONT OF THEM for all intents and purposes. This was sooooo wrong but it felt sooooo good.

Suddenly, they stopped. Two of them were looking… at her???

Suzette froze.

“Hey! Is the pool still open??” One called.

Oh god Oh God Oh God Oh God…. Suzette’s head was spinning... what’s worse, she was on the brink of an orgasm. She didn’t know what to do… they had SEEN her!!! Oh my God… stark naked!! These men… looking… at her… her boobs… her… everything… she started to haze over a little… the wave building inside of her… her fingers worked faster… building…. She opened her mouth to answer them…. Or to scream…. She wasn’t…sure… which…

“No. No. Pool is closed. All closed.” …came a voice from directly behind Suzette. It was a woman’s voice, with a distinct Latina accent. Suzette almost screamed for real this time and quickly glanced over her shoulder… just in time to see a cleaning woman pushing a large cart across the deck, right over to where the rest of her clothes and things were. The men were talking to her.

“Oh that’s too bad… Thanks anyway!” and they continued on.

Suzette slowly turned towards the woman, just across the pool from her. She was a short, somewhat heavy woman, in her fifties or so. Her head was down and she was busy picking up the discarded towels and beer bottles. Terrified as she was of being discovered, Suzette still hovered oh so close to the edge, her fingers still inside of her, still slowly rubbing… oh…. God…

She watched in silence as the woman made her way towards Suzette’s chaise lounge and first picked up Suzettes robe and towel. Then the key card, which she put into the trash bin at the front of the cart.

“Oh no… what do I do?” Suzette was terrified, and yet SO turned on at the moment. On the one hand, this woman was taking all of Suzette’s things. Suzette would have to reveal herself to stop her. On the other hand, she was about to come… REALLY come. And it felt so so so so good. In fact, as more of Suzette’s things disappeared into either the laundry bin or the trash bin on the woman’s cart, Suzette felt MORE helpless and somehow got MORE aroused!! Her flip flops went into the trash. Then Suzette watched in ecstasy filled shock as the woman, smirking to herself, picked Suzette’s bikini top up off the deck and dropped it into the trash bin with a small chuckle. Suzette zoomed in on her bikini bottoms, still floating near the edge of the pool and WILLED the woman NOT to notice them. But as she watched, the woman frowned, walked over to the edge, got down on her knees, reached and picked them up out of the water between two fingers.

“No…” Suzette whispered. But to no avail…

“Ai yi yi.” The woman said and laughed again. Then with a flick or her wrist, Suzette’s final article of clothing disappeared into the trash bin, and the woman continued on, humming a tune as she picked up the remaining bottles and towels.

Suzette started to panic as she watched the woman finish the job then head back towards the fence, pushing her cart in front of her… the cart that contained every article of clothing Suzette had worn down here!

“Oh God… DO SOMETHING!” she screamed at herself in her head. But she was still hazy with lust and lingering near an orgasm. Losing her clothes like this had “cooled” her down, but just the slightest bit. Her inhibitions were still quite lowered, and even as she watched the woman disappear back into the service entrance to the hotel, her clothes now irretrievable, Suzette convinced herself that she would be ok. But how?

Now that the woman was gone, and the men were long gone, the sexual energy of the situation had changed. Before she was somewhat in control… and loved it. GOD those men being just 20 feet away and her standing there NAKED was SUCH a rush!! But she knew they couldn’t see her at all. She had been safe. She had NEVER been so turned on in her LIFE!

But now… she was stranded. Locked out of her hotel room without a stitch of clothing to wear!! And not just out of her room, but essentially the whole hotel!! She KNEW that at this hour the only way in was through the front door and into the lobby.

“Oh God…. What was I thinking letting that woman take my clothes!!” she said out loud. She was STILL lightly touching herself, two fingers still partially slipped inside. She was teasing herself JUST enough to stay at the brink. “I mean, I am sooooo screwed!! How the ... am I going to get back into my room now??? What is WRONG with me!!!???”

The reality of what lay ahead of her was starting to set in. She KNEW the only way back inside was through the lobby. She also knew that the hotel bar was practically IN the lobby and was right across from the front desk! There were always people there, usually until about midnight. She could either wait until then and maybe only face the front desk worker - or workers if there were others… or she could go now and run the risk of more people seeing her.

Normally, the first option would be the no-brainer choice. DUH!! Wait until it’s cleared out… face the music with as few gawkers as possible.

But… even now, totally naked, helpless and stranded, she thought about the second option… and it got her even hornier.

“Oh gawd… what kind of freak am I becoming???” she said to herself. “Am I seriously considering…” and she shuddered a bit at the thought, “streaking the lobby? OK… I’ll go at least take a LOOK and see what things look like…”

She knew from her past trips here that there was a back door, right near where the cleaning woman had gone back into the building, that opened into the lobby. She could see it from where she now stood. She also knew that at this late hour, it was locked – key card access only. But it would provide her with a glimpse into the lobby to scope out the situation. To actually get into the lobby through the front doors she’d need to leave the pool area, go through the parking lot, and around to the front of the building. It was a bit of a distance with little to no real cover along the way.

Suzette looked around and seeing that the coast was clear, emerged from the shadows and quickly ran across the pool deck, bare feet slapping the concrete. She kept her right hand where it was, half covering, half rubbing, caressing, etc. She was acutely aware that in her heightened state of arousal, her inhibitions about being naked in public and potentially SEEN naked in public were somewhat lower than normal. So she had decided that keeping herself as aroused as possible would be a necessary, if not somewhat pleasurable, evil.

She left her breasts uncovered for the moment and let them bounce around as she ran between the lounge chairs and tables, over to the small gate, and onto the path that lead to the building. Instead of going left on the path towards the door she had come out through, she went right and headed towards the small glass rear door to the main lobby. It took about 10 seconds to get there. She cringed at how well lit this area was but decided that this would be a quick stop.

She crouched down next to the door, pressing her naked body against the brick façade of the building, and leaned a bit to her left to get a view into the lobby through the glass…

From this door, she could see half the bar, and the main lobby itself, but the front desk was obscured from view by some large pillars. At the moment, she couldn’t see anyone. The TV’s in the bar were on though, and most of the tables in the bar area were out of her line of sight… so there could be people in there, and certainly at least a single bartender.

There was usually a concierge in the lobby too, and always at least one front desk worker. She could also see the clock on wall. It was already 11:19. The lights had gone off later than she had thought.

All at once, she heard a noise coming from her left. It was the door she had come out earlier!! It was opening!


Part 3

She only had a split second to react. The door she now crouched behind and the door she had come out of earlier were on the same outer wall of the hotel, but about 100 feet apart. Both were well lit with outdoor lighting.

She dashed to her right and ducked behind a very small shrub. She peered out and held her breath as she watched a man talking on a cell phone walk out of the door and head towards the parking lot, away from her. He disappeared around the corner of the building.

“OK… I can not stay here.” She decided at that moment. She realized that even if she got caught outside, she’d STILL need to go back inside and face the front desk people to get a new room key. She decided to go into the pool area to look for something, ANYTHING to cover up with. Despite being so turned on at the moment, she defiantly preferred to have something to cover up with over walking stark naked into the lobby.

A quick scan of the area proved fruitless. The cleaning woman had LITERALLY picked up everything short of the furniture. “Great.” She said to herself. She took a breath and tried to gather herself for her “grand entrance” into the lobby. Standing there, naked in the darkness, still touching herself and keeping her level of arousal as high as possible without losing control, she decided that she would have to just wait a little longer and hope that the lobby and bar emptied out. She knew this would be the most embarrassing moment of her life, but she also knew that it was now inevitable. Even if she waited until 2AM, she would STILL have to present herself, naked, at the front desk to get a key…

“How could I have let that cleaning woman take all my stuff!!” she said out loud. “All my clothes? Gawd! WHY am I sooooo stupid!!??!”

Suzette started to plan her final walk to the front entrance of the hotel. She would have to exit out the pool area where she had come in, then walk around it to the parking lot and sidewalk where those two men had been. Walk up the sidewalk, right to the front doors, and then…

“Oh god…” she said softly and sighed. Her heart was pounding now. “Oh well… it’s not like I’ll ever see these people again. I’ll just stay someplace else next time I am in town!” she tried to comfort herself. Being SOOOO horny helped… but that was now. No one had seen her yet. Suzette had no idea what it would be like to be stark naked in that lobby.

She picked out a lounge chair that was completely obscured from view by darkness, and sat down. This was the worst. Sitting there, contemplating her soon to be very public nudity, it was driving her crazy!! She started to think through all the scenarios of how it could play itself out. Would they call the cops? Would they even believe she was a hotel guest? What if they asked about her clothes? Why was she naked? She knew she had to come up with SOMETHING to say if they asked. She had NO identification on her to prove she was who she was… so why would they give her a key? Even now, her mind in a panicked state, she couldn’t remember her room number!

She started to think through some possibilities for being naked like this. She thought about the old “locked myself out” thing, but she would be coming in from outside!! That won’t work. Got mugged? Nope – the cops would be involved for sure then. So what could she say??

She looked at the pool and the calm water and had a sudden longing to be skinny dipping again. That’s when it hit her. “Just tell them the truth!”

She could say that she wanted to go for a swim, had forgotten to bring a suit, so she put a robe on and while she was swimming, the cleaning woman had taken the robe and room key, leaving her naked. Yeah, it was embarrassing, but she was about to walk into the lobby of a hotel completely naked. THAT is REALLY embarrassing!

She waited until she could wait no longer… she steeled her nerves as best she could.

“It’s now or never girl…” she said to herself and stood up. She wanted to make it look as legitimate as possible… and that meant getting wet. So she walked over to the steps, and got into the pool again, completely submerging her naked self. GOD it felt good!! She swam around for a few minutes – may as well enjoy one last dip before her grand entrance!

She got back out of the pool, now dripping wet, and stood on the deck. She actually laughed out loud a little when she thought about what she now had to do.

“Oh my god I can’t believe this is my life…” she said and shook her head. She let out another nervous giggle. Then she took a deep wavering breath, and headed out. She walked quickly out of the pool area, around the fence, and to the sidewalk. Once she started down the walk, if a car came along, there would be nowhere to hide…

“Oh my god… oh my god…” she said as her breath started to become shorter, more labored. She looked around, and saw no one. She tried to just mechanically shut her brain down and do this. She decided to cover what she could, so she opted for the classic “I’m naked” pose, and draped one arm across her breasts, then clamped her other hand over her bush.

She took a step, then another and another, and before she knew it, she was about 20 feet from the front lobby doors. Her wet bare feet smacking the concrete as she walked.

Her nerves kept her totally breathless. Her mind started to swim, her heart beat soooo fast that her vision almost blurred. Another step, then another… now she could see into the lobby through the glass doors… the concierge was still at his desk, two people sat at the bar… the bartender had his back to the door, working the cash register…

oh god… oh god…

Another tiny step, then another… and she was detected by the sensors that automatically open the two huge sliding glass doors. She jumped a little as they slid opened, but kept walking.. forcing herself to keep moving forward… just 5 feet from the lobby now. The concierge looked up. It would all be over soon…

Suzette suddenly felt warm all over… really warm. Her mouth and lips seemed to dry right up. Then her bare feet were on the cool tile of the lobby as she stepped though the door… the conditioned air was rushing past her naked body… causing her to gasp. Suzette focused on the front desk. Two women were working behind it.

“Oh my god… I am naked in the lobby…” was the thought that went through her head. She was aware that people were now noticing her, and looking. Her legs felt like they were made of lead. She started to feel really light headed. She glanced over at the now slack-jawed concierge, just to her left. He was speechless.

Suzette suddenly flashed back to the last time she was in the lobby… earlier today after her training class had finished. She was wearing this cute Ann Klein black business suit, with REALLY tight slacks that fit her butt really well… she loved that suit, and remembered that it took her some time to get used to how it made her butt look… everyone always said it looked hot – she thought it looked too big, but soon got over it. She’d kill for any single part of that outfit right now…

The only sound other than some soft music from the bar, was the wet smack-smack-smack of her feet on the floor… at least until…

“Oh my god!” said a female voice from the bar area, then some laughter. The front desk seemed like it was 100 miles away.

She couldn’t catch her breath. Her mind was screaming “RUN!” her legs would not cooperate. Other parts of her were screaming as well though… her face was flush and hot with embarrassment, but she was positively THROBBING now in ‘other’ areas. The way her hand was positioned between her legs, each step was sending a wonderful little feeling that brought her that much closer to going over the edge.

There was something about getting past the concierge desk and into the center of the lobby though, that had a real effect on Suzette. Now, with people behind her, in front of her, and to the right of her, and completely naked, Suzette felt like her exposure was also complete. There was nowhere to run and hide, really. She had no access to clothing or to her room. She had no way to keep everyone’s eyes off of her bare fanny, now bouncing as she walked through the lobby. The helplessness was overwhelming. She had never felt so vulnerable in her life.

She walked with her mouth open… breathing heavily. Her eyes darted all over now, taking in everyone who was watching her, adding to her helplessness and humiliation. It was like time stood still.

No one approached her as she made her way to the desk. The two hotel desk clerks just stared, with bewildered looks, smirks, shocked expressions…. Take your pick!

“Um… can… we help you ma’am?” said one of the workers, stifling a laugh as she spoke. Her name tag read “Janet”. Suzette walked up to the desk on shaky legs.

“I… lost… my… room… key…” she said, totally out of breath. She leaned against the countertop for support, her knees starting to feel weak. Her ponytail dripped water onto her bare back that ran down her spine to her rear end, another unneeded reminder of her totally nude state. She felt more than a little faint.

“Um – you look like you lost more than THAT!” said the other girl, a black girl with a thick southern accent and a very disapproving look on her face. She put her hands on her hips. “You had better just march your naked ass right back outta here!”

“Bu-… but…. I…” she tried to speak. What was it she was going to say again? Things were getting hazy…

“Listen you crazy tramp – we do not allow streakers in here!” the black girl said. The nametag on her lapel read “Wanda”. The other girl, Janet, laughed a little, but never took her eyes off of Suzette.

“I’m not strea-… I mean, I lost my… um… my clothes…” Suzette started to say.

“Well THAT’S obvious!” Wanda said. The other girl laughed again.

“I was…. Um… skinny-dipping… in the… pool… and, um…”

“OK. Now I have heard enough.” Wanda said. She picked up the phone and hit a button.

“No… please…” Suzette said, realizing that this was all heading south quickly. “My clothes were stolen… I just need a new keycard…” she could barely muster a whisper at this point.

“Hello Ron… it’s Wanda at the desk… can you come up here please? We have a situation.”

Suzette didn’t know what to do. Her heart was racing. Her eyes glanced all around the lobby now. The two women at the bar were watching intently, as was the bartender and the concierge.

“The security guard is on his way down…” Wanda said. It was all Suzette needed to hear.

“Oh no…” Suzette said. At that moment, to the right of the desk, one of the elevator doors opened. It was exactly what Suzette needed to snap her into action. Suzette ran, as best she could, towards the open doors, right past the stunned older couple who had just come out.

“Hey!! Get back here you crazy bitch!” Wanda yelled. Suzette bounded into the elevator as the doors closed.

“Oh god… oh my god…” she felt like she would faint. She quickly hit the 10 button, now remembering that her room number was 1025. She didn’t know what she would do, but she KNEW she could not stay in that lobby!!

She leaned back, her bare fanny pressing against the mirrored glass. GOD her naked image was ALL over the inside of this elevator!! As if she needed a reminder!

She stared above the doors and watched the numbers climb, praying that it would take her directly to her floor. It did. The doors opened. Suzette walked towards the doors, leaving a little wet imprint of her cute butt on the mirror she was leaning against. She peered out, then stepped out into the hallway. She looked around but was alone. It was nearly mid-night and most of the guests were in their rooms for the night.

She was about to head down towards her room to see if by some miracle the door had somehow not closed tight… when she caught sight of the house phone mounted on the wall near the elevator.


Part 4

It hit her all at once… “Turn down service!!” she said out loud. All she had to do was call down to housekeeping and order the bed turn down service, where they come in and turn the bedding down and put the mints on the pillows. Suzette could hide in the little snack alcove where the vending machines were, just down the hall from her room, until she heard the knock on her door. Then, when she didn’t answer, the woman would unlock Suzette’s door and go in. When she came back out, Suzette would be there, and would just burst past her into the room. SIMPLE!!

Suzette took a deep breath and picked up the phone. She noticed that it had no buttons. She put the phone to her ear and heard the ringing tone.

“Front Desk.” Said a familiar voice… it was the white girl who had just witnessed Suzettes grand unveiling in the lobby.

“Um yes. I need a turn down service for room 1025.” Suzette said.

“OK ma’am… we’ll send someone right up. Have a good night!”

“You too…” said Suzette, and she hung up. Then she bolted down the hall, still covering herself, and ducked into the little snack area, wedged herself between the back wall and the ice machine, and waited.

It didn’t take long… maybe a minute or two, but she heard the knock.

“Housekeeping… Turn down service…” said a female voice. Suzette then heard the door being opened, then shutting.

Her heart started to race again (not that it had slowed much since the lobby) and she got up and dashed to her door.

“Oh come on… come on…” she whispered to herself, hugging herself with both hands, trying to stop shivering. It was quite cold and nipply in the air conditioned hallway, especially since she was still quite wet from the pool. “How long does it take??” she wondered.

But then…

“OK guys, I’m done for the night… call me at 7 to get my lazy ass up!” it was a man’s voice – coming from the room directly across from hers!! Someone was leaving and was about to open the door that was about 6 feet from where she now stood!!

“Ooooohhh!!!” Suzette knew she only had a second to react. She looked down the hall towards the elevators, but that was way too far, and most likely where this guy would be heading… so she took off running in the other direction, towards the end of the hallway and the stairwell door. It only took her a few seconds to get there, and she burst through the door just as she heard the room door opening behind her. She ran towards the stairs and went up a couple when she saw the sign on the back of the slowly closing door…

STAIRWELL DOORS LOCKED ON ALL GUEST ROOM FLOORS. PLEASE EXIT THROUGH LOBBY.

“Oh… no…” she said and watched helplessly as the door clicked shut. She knew she didn’t even have to try, but she did any way. YEP locked from the inside. Must be a security thing.

Her tummy flipped and she fought back the urge to cry.

Only one way to go… down… to the… LOBBY!!

“Oh this is NOT happening!!” Suzette said out loud and was about to start pounding on the door. But for what? Who would hear her? And if someone did… what would they do?

Suzette was beside herself. Her state of near ecstasy from earlier had now faded quite a bit and was replaced by fear, humiliation, and nerves. She contemplated being naked in the lobby again… that mean awful Wanda behind the desk!! And the security guard!
Oh god…

But again, she was acutely aware that she had no choice. She could NOT stay in the stairwell all night… she was getting cold and just really wanted to get back into her room.

She made quick work of descending the 10 flights of stairs. After a couple minutes, she was standing in front of the big red metal door that read LOBBY… the only door she had passed that didn’t have that sign on it. The only door that was unlocked.

Suzette racked her brain but could not remember where this door opened into the lobby. It was on the opposite end as the elevators, but still she was having trouble placing it. She slowly opened the door a crack and peered out.

It was at the far end of the lobby, past the concierge’s desk. From here, Suzette could see the front desk and the bar. Only Janet was behind the desk now. In fact, the concierge was gone, as were the people who were at the bar earlier. And no sign of a security guard either.

“Oh this is my chance…” she said. She took a deep breath, closed her eyes for a second, and stepped out into the lobby. She quickly covered up again like before, and made her way, bare feet smacking the floor, boobs bouncing beneath her arm, across the lobby to the front desk.

Janet saw her right away, before she was half way there. Suzette held her hand up, exposing her bouncing breasts, as if to tell Janet to wait before she said anything.

“Please! I am a guest here… I just want to get back into my room!!” Suzette said as she approached the desk. Janet grinned at her, then looked to her right, into the door way to the office behind the front desk – presumably where Wanda was.

“OK… QUICK!” Janet said, and motioned with her hand for Suzette to move faster, and head towards the elevators. “I’ll meet you over there!”

Suzette complied and streaked towards the elevator bay. Janet came around the front desk and met her there. She pushed the UP button. The doors opened, and both women dashed inside.


Part 5

“Oh my god THANK YOU!” Suzette said. She hit the 10 button, then again leaned back against the mirror. Janet took a long steady look at Suzette with this little half smile on her face.

“So… exactly WHY are you naked?” she asked, raising an eyebrow. Suzette looked at her. She was a fairly young woman, maybe 22, with short, very sassy black hair, a cute face, and a slight build. She was shorter than Suzette by a couple inches.

“It’s kind of a long story…” Suzette said.

“Oh... that’s ok…” Janet said. “We have time.”

Suzette didn’t know what she meant by that. So she decided to tell the abbreviated version.

“Well… I wanted to go for a swim, but forgot to bring a suit. So I went down to the pool in just my robe and went… you know… naked.”

“Skinny dipping?” Janet said.

“Yes.. skinny dipping. Well, I guess the cleaning woman or someone must have taken the robe and my sandals and room key while I was swimming, because they were gone when I got out. So I had to come in through the lobby since the other doors are all locked.”

“Wow.” Janet said. “That must have been so embarrassing for you.”

“Still sort of is!” Suzette said, then let out a little laugh. Janet just smiled. The bell rang and the doors opened… 10th floor.

Suzette peered out, saw that the coast was clear, then as she was about to dash out…

SMACK!!!

“OOOOUCH!”

Janet’s right hand met Suzettes naked right butt cheek with some serious velocity.

“Sorry… couldn’t resist the urge!” Janet said and giggled. Suzette spun around to face her assailant, rubbing her now stinging rear end with the hand that she had previously used to cover her breasts – her other hand was still between her legs. Janet’s gaze dropped from the shocked expression on Suzette’s face to her breasts. “And WOW! That is a NICE rack you have!”

Suzette’s jaw dropped a little. “Uh…um… thanks…” she said, still rubbing her rear. The elevator door closed again, the girls still inside.

“Very squeezable!” Janet said. And before Suzette could move, Janet grabbed one in each hand and gave a squeeze. Her hands were too small to really get a BIG handful, but the effect was the same. Suzette gasped and backed up, against the now closed elevator doors.

“Oh!” she said, then let out a nervous laugh. “Um… what are you doing?” she said. Janet let go and Suzette quickly covered them.

“Sorry… just couldn’t control myself for a minute!” Janet said and gave Suzette a mischievous little grin. “Something about busty naked blonds in an elevator…”

Suzette didn’t know what to think! What was UP with this girl?? She really just wanted to get back to her room.

“Um… so… you can get me into my room, right?” Suzette asked, and quickly uncovered her breasts to hit the “Door Open” button.

“Yes… but if you keep teasing me with glimpses of your naked boobs like that, it may take a while!” Janet said. The doors opened. Janet walked out, but as she passed Suzette, she grabbed Suzettes hand before Suzette could get her arm back over her breasts. She pulled her out of the elevator.

“Um… I’m… kind of… naked…” Suzette said.

“Oh I am VERY aware of that.” Janet said.
“No… it’s just, I sort of need my hand, to you know… cover my… um…” She said as Janet pulled her down the hallway. Suzette didn’t resist much at this point though.

“With boobs THAT big, trust me… your not gonna be able to cover much with just one hand anyway!”

So they walked, hand in hand, down the hall towards Suzette’s room. Suzette kept her other hand between her legs and kept her eyes swiveling around from door to door, watching, listening for anyone who may be about to come out of one of the rooms again. She suddenly felt even more vulnerable, and humiliated, walking holding hands like this with a fully clothed person.

Then it happened. The inevitable. Was it inevitable?? At this point, Suzette felt… anything was inevitable.

Halfway to her room now, a door opened, just a few feet ahead. Not a room door, but a service door that opened into a small room full of linens and cleaning supplies. Out walked a man and a woman… both dressed in the same uniform as Janet, both obviously members of the maintenance crew. The woman carried a bucket and sponge, the guy had a drill in one hand, a tool box in the other. They were slightly older than Suzette, maybe 40.

“Oh no!” Suzette said, and tried to pull her hand from Janet’s to cover up.. but couldn’t break the grip.

“Dios mio!” the woman said in a thick Spanish accent and put a hand to her mouth, and let out a laugh. The guys eyes just went wide and took ALL of Suzettes nude form in.

“SOMEONE lost all of her clothes!” Janet said, stopping.

“Jes.. she certainly deed!” the woman said, this time in accented English, giggling the whole time.

“Oh my gosh…” Suzette whispered. Her knees felt weak again, and her head started to spin a bit.

“This naughty girl was skinny dipping in the pool…” Janet said.
The guy said “Skeeny Deeping?” in an equally think accent.

The woman said to him “Desnuda!”

“Ah!” he said.

“So naughty!” Janet said. Then without warning, Janet let go of Suzette’s hand, and swatted Suzette’s naked rear end again, this time, the left cheek.

“OOOOHH!!” Suzette said and jumped forward, both hands moving to her rear, exposing EVERYTHING to the maintenance people who still stood in front of them.

“AAIII!” the woman said and laughed louder. The guy smiled widely and watched intently.

Suzette, now mortified beyond belief, realized her error, and quickly brought her hands around front again to cover up. That brought another swat from Janet.

SMACK!

“OUCH!” Suzette said, again jumping, again exposing herself to cover her fanny. This time Suzette spun towards Janet.

“Hey!” she said. She noticed Janet’s eyes drop to her boobs, and quickly covered them, her bare rear now completely exposed to the others. The woman made a comment in Spanish and the guy grunted “Si”.

Suzette didn’t know what to do. She felt like she would faint from embarrassment. Janet was just grinning at her, the other two were no help whatsoever.

“Please… my room?” Suzette pleaded. “I’m… I’m naked…. Please!”

Janet’s smile grew wider. Suzette crouched down a bit, one hand between her legs, the other across her breasts. She turned sideways so that her rear end was facing the wall. That did NOT stop Janet. She merely reached around.

SMACK!

“OOOOOHHHH!” Suzette literally jumped off her feet this time, both hands coming around to her butt again. Her boobs bounced crazily now, exposed to everyone. Then again… SMACK!! Somehow Janet found an opening…

“AAAHH!” Suzette whirled around to face Janet again, hands still on her rear.

“Please STOP!!” she said. Then she ran, towards her room, away from the prying eyes of the maintenance people.

“Just let me in, OK??” Suzette said, a little loud.

A little TOO loud as it turns out. A door to her left opened.

“Ohmygawd!” Suzette jumped again and covered as the guy in the doorway spoke.

“Everything ok out here?” he asked, his eyes all over the naked Suzette.

“Fine sir… just had a guest get locked out of her room. Naked.” Janet said, now coming up the hallway. “Skinny dipper lost her clothes down by the pool.”

The guy smiled at Suzette.

Suzette wanted to die right there. She ran down to her room and slumped against the wall… breathless. Still covering with her hands.

“Please just let me in…” she begged. The maintenance people followed behind Janet a few paces. The guy watched from his door way.

Janet came up and produced a keycard. Suzette’s eyes lit up.

“OK… I’ll let you in.” Janet said. “In just one second…” then she smiled this evil little grin, and took two quick steps across the hall and knocked on that door, room 1024… the room that guy had come out of earlier.

“Hang on!” said a male voice.

“Oh god no…” Suzette said. She contemplated her options. She could dash to the stairwell… but that would mean another lobby trip. The elevators were out... where would she go?

The door opened and a young, good looking guy in a dress shirt and pants stood there, in awe.

“Wow…” he said, gawking at the naked Suzette, now cowering against her door.

“Sorry sir, I just wanted to apologize for all the noise… This woman was skinny dipping on our pool and locked herself out.”

Suzette felt like she would faint. She couldn’t even come CLOSE to looking at this guy. Why was Janet doing this?? GOD it was so humiliating!

“Wow! Really? You got locked out?” he said to Suzette.

“Oh god…” Suzette muttered. She then slumped against her door further, legs clamped together, and slid both her hands up over her face, using her elbows to keep her boobs somewhat covered. She just wanted this all to end. And just when she thought she couldn’t be more embarrassed or mortified…

“She just streaked the lobby too!” Janet said. “Twice!”

The guy laughed a bit, as did the woman from the maintenance crew, now standing right next to Janet. The guy from down the hall had come out of his room and was watching and listening from just a little ways away.

“OK streaker girl! Let’s get you back into your room!” Janet said, and with that, she reached out, grabbed Suzette’s arm, and pulled her away from the door. She had surprising strength for such a small person!

Suzette, startled, whirled away from the door, spinning into the center of the hallway, EVERYTHING on display again. Boobs bouncing, fanny swishing – everyone got QUITE the eyeful.

“AAAHHH!” Suzette cried out and again covered up. Her bare fanny facing the guy across the hall.

Janet slid the card into the reader in Suzette’s door.

Beep-beep-beep. The red light lit. Failed. She dipped it again. Same result.

“Hmmm…” Janet said and contemplated what to do, prolonging Suzette’s agony and embarrassment.

“Oh god… please…” Suzette whimpered. She crouched down to try and keep her bare ample fanny from view.

“Do you have a card?” Janet asked the maintenance woman.

“No…” came the reply. The pit in Suzette’s stomach dropped even lower.

“I guess I’ll have to head back down to the lobby to get a new card for you…” Janet said, with a big smile.
“Hey, you can wait in my room if you want!” the guy across the hall said, a little too eagerly.

At that moment, crouched down, naked in a hotel hallway, with 5 strangers watching her, recently spanked and completely humiliated, Suzette decided that enough was enough. She found an ounce of courage and stood up straight. She took a deep wavering breath and let her arms drop to her sides. Janet raised an eyebrow, surprised.

“Don’t bother.” Suzette said. “I’ll go myself.” And she turned and walked past the maintenance people, towards the other gawking guy. It took EVERYTHING she had to not cover up as she noticed his eyes all over her naked, walking body. Suzette kept her head up though, and did not avoid eye contact.

“But…. But… you’re naked!” Janet said, then started to follow her.

“Yep! I’m naked!” Suzette called back. She strode right past the guy’s door and down to the elevators. She hit the down button. She could not BELIEVE she was about to go naked in the lobby for the THIRD time that night! But she had had enough…

The doors opened and Suzette stepped in and hit the door close button before Janet could catch up.


Part 6

The ride down offered her a chance to reconsider. Suzette looked at her naked reflection.
“Oh my GOD are my nipples hard!” was her first reaction. All at once, about to walk naked into the lobby again, Suzette realized that she was still turned on…. more than just a little. The embarrassment of the people watching upstairs had masked it, but had also added to it. And when she thought about the very public spanking?

“Oh… my…” she said and immediately let her left had slide down her bare belly, between her legs, and slipped first one, then two, then three fingers inside.

She gasped at how good it felt. She felt her face start to go flush again. Her breath left her and she was right back where she had been by the pool earlier… on the brink of a huge orgasm.

The bell rang as the doors opened and she jumped a little. The lobby seemed empty now. She stepped out of the elevator, hands again at her sides, she stopped touching herself… for the moment.

She took a deep wavering breath, then started to boldly walk out into the center of the lobby. The front desk was deserted, as was the bar area. Her bare breasts bounced as she walked, her erect nipples pointing straight out.

She looked all over but saw not a sole.

‘Great… when I WANT to find someone, I can’t.” Suzette said out loud. “Now how am I gonna get into my room?” Suzette put her hands on her bare hips, facing the front door of the hotel.

“Ummm… excuse me!!” she heard a woman’s voice from behind her. Suzette looked over her shoulder and saw a woman in a suit behind the front desk. “Can I help you??” she asked, somewhat concerned, somewhat wary…

Suzette took a deep breath again, then boldly spun around and walked right up to the desk, covering nothing.

“Hi. I am a guest here and I was swimming in your pool earlier. Actually, I was skinny dipping. And well, one of your maintenance people mistakenly took all of my clothes and my room key. So, since I am locked out… and naked… I’d just like to get back into my room please…” and she looked at the woman’s nametag. “…Fran.”

Fran was a little stunned, “Um… y-your name?” she said, and nervously pecked away at her keyboard.

“Suzette Bowen.” She replied. Fran didn’t look up again. She just typed away, scanned another key card, then handed it to Suzette, who took it and said.

“Thank you Fran! You have a pleasant night!” and she walked right towards the elevators. She smiled widely. She wasn’t sure what was enabling her to do this… but GOD she felt good!! It was like this total HIGH!

Still horny, still nervous, Suzette had somewhat passed by the embarrassing part. She felt GREAT!! She felt alive! Her heart was POUNDING but this was awesome!! Like a naked woman in control!!

She pushed the up button and waited for a minute. The door opened, and standing there was Janet. Janet’s jaw dropped when she saw Suzette. Janet was about to say something when Suzette, in a COMPLETE crazy impulse, walked right up to Janet, took her face in her hands, and planted a big kiss right on her lips.

“MMMmmmmphhh!” Janet resisted for a second, then actually kissed Suzette BACK!! They stood toe to toe, kissing, right in front of the elevators. Then doors closed again, and the kissing stopped.

“Wha….?” Janet was about to say. Suzette just put her finger over Janet’s lips.

“Don’t even ask…” Suzette said and smiled. Janet smiled back. Suzette just reached past her, and hit the up button. The doors opened. As Suzette walked past Janet into the elevator, she stopped, turned, and swatted Janet on the fanny… firmly.

“OH!” Janet exclaimed, and jumped and spun around, rubbing her bottom, staring at Suzette with a slightly bewildered look
.
“That’s just partial payback.” Suzette said, then winked at her as the doors closed. She hit the 10 button and the elevator lurched up.

Suzette stifled a giggle with her hand… “Oh My GOD!!! I can’t believe I just did that!!” She had never kissed another woman before – not even in a drunken college moment! “That was just silly!!” she said. “What is happening to me??”

The doors opened and she walked out into the hall… this time, empty of people. A part of her almost hoped someone would still be lingering around.

She walked down to her room and tried the card. Half expecting the 3 beeps and a locked door, she almost jumped when the door unlocked.

“Wow…” she said, and walked into her room.

Her suit from earlier in the day still hung over a chair, where she left it. Her panties and bra still on the bed. The clock read 12:05. It had been just over an hour since she left her room… but it felt like a whole day.

She walked over and flopped down on her bed. She took a couple of deep breaths and started to replay the whole thing in her head.

It wasn’t long before she took matters into her own hands again…

After several body quaking orgasms, Suzette had the best night’s sleep of her life.

Stark naked.

On top of the covers.

END 