The rain beat heavily on the roof of the tavern. From the centre of the stage, Gabrielle's voice competed with nature's insistent tapping for the attention of her captive audience. Many of the townspeople, including a few children, did not want to venture outside until the storm had subsided. Despite the late night, they remained glued to their chairs. For the proprietor, business was excellent. For the bard, Xena was making a simple pleasure extremely difficult. Even though Gabrielle should have been grateful that she and Xena had a chance to earn some extra dinars, she could care less about their fortuitous circumstances. Her eyes honed in on the warrior's muscular leg as it was propped up on a table for sheer comfort. Xena casually sipped from a mug of port. Gabrielle smiled to herself as she noticed Xena's long leg took up more room than necessary considering the crowded tavern but she knew no patron would dare challenge the warrior's desire for a wide berth.

Gabrielle continued her bard's tale, unconsciously letting her eyes languidly travel along Xena's well-defined curves momentarily resting on the dark apex of her undergarments. Her face flushed and a warm current flowed through her as she thought of Xena's warm centre hidden beneath the cloth. She quickly looked away and continued reciting the story she knew from practiced memory. Her eyes darted noticeably around the room as she made a conscious effort to avoid Xena's supple leg.

Nevertheless, her eyes were drawn back to the Warrior Princess. Self-conscious of her minor slip-up, she caught sight of Xena's twinkling blue eyes. She watched as Xena's tongue slowly spread across her upper lip caressing the soft opening. Her lips glistened in the candlelit room. Gabrielle was entranced by the bold demonstration of her many skills. A nervous giggle leaped out of the bard's mouth and she lost her place in the story. She glanced at Xena who feigned innocence at causing the disruption and took another sip of port. Oh Xena, you will pay for this later, Gabrielle promised the warrior silently. She took in a deep breath and finished the story holding on to a steel will not to look in Xena's direction again. Mercifully she concluded the story, inhaled deeply and strode over to Xena's table determined to wipe the smirk off the warrior's face.

Gabrielle approached Xena's table; her eyes were narrow slits as she contemplated various tortures she'd make Xena endure later in their room. Her eyes gleamed at the erotic thoughts that danced in her head and a stabbing pang of longing gathered between her legs. Xena arched her eyebrow in recognition of the sparkle in the bard's eyes. Unexpectantly, a small boy of not more than eight winters ran up to Xena's table barging in on their silent communication. Agitated by the interruption, Gabrielle stood and hovered near the table.

"Xena! You're really her, aren't you!?" he exclaimed. "You really know Hercules?!" the boy was beside himself with excitement.

Xena laughed at the boy and patted his shoulder. "Yes I do," she said matter-of-factly. As the boy chattered on incessantly about the warrior's adventures, Xena caught Gabrielle's steady gaze and slyly grinned at the bard's sigh of frustration. She pointed one finger at Gabrielle and with a tilt of her head, beckoned her to come closer. Not knowing what to expect, the bard acceded to her soundless command. The boy continued to prattle on about Xena's conquests. Xena interrupted him.

"Excuse me, what's your name?" Xena asked determined to find the boy's parents so she could join Gabrielle in their room.

"Landreus," he answered.

"Landreus, are your parents here?"

"Yes, my father's here somewhere. And so's my sister. She loves you too, Xena!" he explained excitedly as his head bobbed and weaved in search of a familiar face. Just then, the boy spotted his father coming towards the table. He waved frantically for them to join him as Xena turned to the boy.

"Hold on just a minute, Landreus, I want to talk to my friend here." The boy nodded agreeably and raced over to his father and sister. He pulled them reluctantly toward the table of the intimidating warrior.

Xena pulled the bard down to her ear level. "Go to our room and wait for me. You know how I'd like to find you," she suggested seductively. She discreetly flicked out her tongue and brushed lightly against a corner of Gabrielle's ear that sent shivers through her. The bard giggled to hide the passion that ran rampantly through her and croaked out a meek "sure" before she started for the room.

"Oh, and Gabrielle." Xena held on to her hand, not letting the bard go just yet. "Don't start without me," she said as she squeezed the bard's hand to emphasize her point. It took a moment for Gabrielle to fully comprehend what the warrior meant and when she did, her face turned a bright red as she hurried to their room.

Landreus, in tow with his sister and father, reached their table and blurted out, "She's really nice, Father, you'll really like her! Aren't you glad we got caught in this storm?" Xena groaned inwardly and quickly thought of a plan to ditch her unwanted companions.

Gabrielle had removed her boots and all her clothes as she patiently waited for Xena to get rid of the happy little family. She lay on her side and thought of the warrior's long lithesome body covering her own and getting lost in the soft velvety skin that melted all reason from her mind. She had toyed with the idea of withholding her favors from Xena as payback for causing her slip-up on stage but she wondered how long she would be able to hold fast to that promise without succumbing to Xena's alluring presence. The longer she waited, the more impractical the idea became. All she could think of was to leap on top of the warrior and ravish her luscious body within seconds of her arrival. It was all Gabrielle could do to keep her hands from wandering to the hot liquid between her legs. Slowly, a wicked idea began to formulate in her mind. A wide grin spread across her face.

Nevertheless, Gabrielle didn't notice the silhouetted figure that lurked just outside the window as it waited for the redheaded bard to be joined by the dark-haired warrior.

Xena hurried through the hall that led to their sleeping room in the back of the tavern. She'd finally been able to disengage herself from the talkative boy and his family. She smiled as she anticipated the lovely woman that awaited her. She reached the door and unlocked it to find the bard's exquisite nude form as beautiful as a flower in the Elysian Fields. Her mouth went dry and she self-consciously swallowed. She shut the door behind her.

"What took you so long?" Gabrielle grinned at her teasingly. Xena stood frozen just inside the door and carefully removed her armor and weaponry. Her eyes clouded over in uninhibited passion as they traveled slowly along Gabrielle's delectable curves. The bard lay on her side propped up against a pillow. One hand rubbed the smoothness of her inner thigh and Xena imagined her cheeks melting into the delicate skin. The bard's legs were slightly open and they revealed the glistening moisture that shone through the wispy hairs. As she waited for Xena to approach the bed, Gabrielle's hand played with her damp red curls.

"You didn't start without me, did you?" Xena answered her question with a question. Her dry throat made her voice crack. She licked her lips and her breathing increased markedly. She definitely didn't want to discuss the babbling little boy. She moved closer to the bed and began to remove a leather greave from her wrist when the bard kneeled up on the bed.

"Here, let me do that, you sit down." Gabrielle motioned for Xena to sit on the edge of the bed, then slid off the bed and stood between Xena's supple thighs. Xena complied with the bard's wishes even though she felt a strong compulsion to ravish her despite being fully clothed in her leatherwear. Xena held her arm out so that the younger woman could unbuckle the leather greave from her wrist. The warrior's hand trembled and only her best efforts kept it still. She couldn't help but notice the leisurely pace Gabrielle was setting and nuzzled the bard's neck to speed things along.

"Wait, Xena, I want to undress you first," Gabrielle insisted and gently pushed back Xena's shoulders to give her some space to maneuver. "Sit back, let me undress you," she said. Her eyes gleamed as she grabbed hold of Xena's other wrist and began to unhook that accoutrement as well. As she unsheathed the greave from the warrior's wrist, Gabrielle licked the palm of Xena's hand and followed a wet trail to just below the leather band at the warrior's bicep. She removed the band and continued her oral assault on Xena's muscular arm. Tiny goosebumps erupted along Xena's skin and a wave of desire settled in her loins.

"I don't know how much more of this sweet torture I can take, Gabrielle," Xena grinned. One hand caressed the bard's buttocks as the warrior pulled Gabrielle closer to her but still the bard resisted.

Gabrielle laughed. "A lot more, Xena. Do you know how long I've been waiting for you?" she purred. She removed the other leather band as she spoke and then licked the inside of Xena's elbow. The warrior gasped at the contact on an especially sensitive place on her body. She was beginning to enjoy this tortuous little game. Gabrielle's hot breath followed Xena's arm until she reached the strap of her leather tunic. Her hands reached up to peel the leather strap down Xena's arms and exposed her breasts to Gabrielle's touch. The bard gently massaged the soft mounds, the nipples hard as pebbles against her palms. Gabrielle's eyes never left contact with Xena's as her crystal blue eyes grew dark with hunger. The bard claimed Xena's lips and slipped her tongue inside. The warrior moaned loudly as their tongues intertwined in an erotic dance of passion. The bard's hands continued to massage Xena's breasts and pinch the erect buds. Finally, Xena could take no more and leaned back on the bed taking the smaller woman with her.

"Oh no, no, Xena. Not yet," Gabrielle teased pulling herself upright and away from Xena's grasp. She stood up and eyed the warrior's prone body, whose legs were draped over the side of the bed. Xena sighed and gave in to the bard's desires. Although she wouldn't admit it aloud, she rather enjoyed Gabrielle's aggressive overtures. It was a switch for them, but, after all, she liked catering to the bard's every whim.

Gabrielle kneeled between Xena's legs and carefully unbuckled her knee bracers. Next, she began unlacing the extensive ties on the warrior's boots. She took her time knowing that the longer she prolonged her little task, the longer Xena would have to wait. She grinned to herself confident that the payback she was meting out to Xena clearly balanced the playful torment she had received on stage. She only hoped that she would be able to hold out as long as she had originally planned. Her hands quivered on the warrior's boot and she was grateful that Xena could not view them from her angle.

The bard removed Xena's boot and carefully positioned the warrior's freed foot between her legs. Her bare toes slid effortlessly against Gabrielle slippery triangle as the bard licked broad circles on Xena's bare thigh. Xena gasped and bolted upright.

"Gabrielle . . . "

"See what happens when you tease me so much?" she asked innocently as her mouth continued to graze random patterns on Xena's thigh. "You shouldn't torture me so on stage."

Xena grinned as she rested back on her elbows. "Is that what this is about?"

"Hmm," Gabrielle answered, but did not remove her lips from Xena's silky skin. Her mouth seemingly had a life of its own as it traveled to the wet spot in the middle of Xena's undergarments. Gabrielle inhaled the intoxicating aroma and it took all of her self-control not to rip off the rest of Xena's outergarments to reach the divine elixir. Instead she let her tongue swipe a taste from the cloth and continued her path down Xena's other thigh and back to the remaining knee bracer.

Xena inhaled a sharp breath and grabbed hold of the bedsheets as she felt Gabrielle's tongue brush against her wet centre. Only her years of training in strict discipline kept her from taking control and spurring Gabrielle along. In another way she could not explain, the restraint needed for her not to dominate excited her more than she cared to admit. She laughed at herself because only Gabrielle would ever have the privilege of her unconditional surrender. She could just hear the word around town now --"Xena: Warrior Wuss". A smirk crept onto her face as she lay back on the bed and awaited Gabrielle's next move.

The bard finished unlacing Xena's boot and removed it. Quite frankly, she was surprised that Xena had been patient for this long but she enjoyed the willing surrender of the mighty warrior. She was amazed at how much discipline it took to restrain herself from ravishing Xena and she made a mental note to let her do all work next time. But for the moment she was going to see this thing through for as long as she could.

"All right, Xena, stand up," the bard encouraged and pulled the warrior up from the bed. Gabrielle began to unlace the complicated ties at the back of Xena's tunic. Her hands trembled slightly and she noticed Xena's increasingly rapid breath. Gabrielle swallowed nervously as she held on to her precarious self-restraint. Finally, Xena shrugged out of her tunic and Gabrielle completed the undressing by removing the warrior's undergarments. Without turning around, the magnificent warrior waited for Gabrielle to do with her as she pleased.

The bard wrapped her arms around Xena's waist and stroked her taut stomach. Her breasts crushed against Xena's back as she cupped the warrior's mounds with wandering hands. She murmured into Xena's back, "Go lay on bed. On your stomach."

"Yes, my Queen," Xena answered playfully. She lay on her stomach as Gabrielle drew in another deep breath. The bard's tongue flickered over the base of Xena's spine and dampened the fine hairs that collected in the sensitive area. Xena emitted a low grunt into the pillow. Gabrielle continued a steady trail of kisses along the warrior's spine and brushed aside Xena's long ebony hair as her lips finally came to rest at the back of Xena's neck. She hoisted her body over Xena's and covered the warrior's back with as much of her smaller body as possible. The contact ignited lightening bolts between them as Gabrielle felt herself melting into the warrior's lithe frame. She took a few moments to regain her composure. When she heard Xena moan beneath her, she grinned with satisfaction. She just might be able to last longer than she thought.

Gabrielle's mouth found an enticing spot at the side of Xena's neck that she nibbled on. She sucked on it for several moments as Xena groaned non-stop into the pillow. Her hips ground helplessly into the bed as she found no release from Gabrielle's tortuous lips.

"Xena," she purred.

"Hmm?"

"I think I like this," Gabrielle said.

"Do you now?" Xena tried to lift up her head to look behind her.

"Oh no, not yet, Xena," Gabrielle grinned. "First, you have to agree to let me do everything to you, you can't take over." She examined the spot on Xena's neck to see if she left any evidence of her passion. She decided, yes indeed, it would look pretty in the morning light.

"Okay, I agree," Xena said exasperated. "Please Gabrielle, I need you," she pleaded, her voice husky with desire.

Gabrielle gave Xena room to roll over and straddled the warrior's waist. She could see that their little role reversal was creating as much excitement for Xena as herself. Her wet centre slithered against Xena's abdomen and she knew that soon she would have to quiet her own fire as well as Xena's. She harnessed a Herculean urge to take Xena right then. Instead, she guided her breast to Xena's mouth and the warrior hungrily suckled the erect bud. Xena's hand squeezed the fleshy mound of the bard's other breast. Gabrielle moaned in ecstasy, no longer able to hold back her fading restraint. She pulled her breast away from Xena's lips and covered them with her own. She took possession of the warrior's mouth using her tongue to seek out any remaining resistance. She found none. Xena was hers.

Gabrielle's hand began its exploration down Xena's pliant flesh and the warrior's legs parted to welcome her carnal invasion. The bard broke away from Xena's kiss as her hand discovered the liquid fire between her legs.

"Let me in, Xena!" Gabrielle moaned loudly and plunged two fingers into the hot inferno.

"Yes! Gabrielle!" Xena exclaimed as her back arched up instinctively to meet the bard's thrusts. She wrapped her arms tightly around Gabrielle's waist as she held on against the wave of passion that consumed her. Her delirium built into unfathomable ecstasy when Gabrielle thrust a third finger inside her. Each thrust brought with it the bard's possession of her until she became one with her lover's soul and unreservedly abdicated to the Amazon Queen. It took Xena only a few more strokes before the raging fire washed over her and took her in a tidal wave of sheer bliss.

It took Xena several moments to get her breath back. Gabrielle slowly extricated her fingers and watched the warrior's face as she regained some semblance of lucidity. She showered her lover's face with gentle kisses, her mouth finally coming to rest over Xena's, her fingers intertwined in her thick black hair. The warrior responded with a renewed onslaught of fervor ignited by Gabrielle's kiss. The bard rocked her hips against Xena's thigh as her juices soaked the warrior's skin. She broke away the kiss and murmured softly in Xena's ear.

"Please, Xena, let me come," she moaned in breathless gasps.

"Yes . . . scream for me," Xena panted.

Gabrielle whimpered at Xena's words and reclaimed the warrior's mouth. The rocking against Xena's leg increased steadily and harder. Soon she knew she would go over the edge as she held on to Xena for dear life. The noises that emitted from her throat increased in volume and she knew when she tumbled into the precipice she would be screaming. Suddenly, a surge of heat filled her and extended to every fibre and nerve. And with it came a wail that started in the pit of her stomach and erupted into her throat. She passed the scream on to Xena and the warrior swallowed the wail as if it were her own.

From the window, the mysterious figure watched the entire scene in amazement knowing full well that it would be one of the last times Xena and Gabrielle would have such an intimate rendezvous.

The roar she heard became the sound of many horses. Hooves pounded on the dried out dirt. She looked up to see a huge sword gleaming in the sunlight. The rider swung it menacingly at anything and everything in its path. Other soldiers flanked both sides of the leader's huge war-horse. She heard many screams in the din but above all else she heard the screams of her mother as the fire burned down the only home she'd ever known. She heard the battle cry of the leader of the destructive army and it sounded familiar. It was a woman. A warrior woman. She turned to the sound that rang in her ears and saw the monstrous sword arc toward her. She looked into the fierce blue eyes that glowed with excitement as they anticipated another swift kill. Instantly, she recognized the face. It was her. It was Xena. The Warrior Princess.

"NO!" Xena shouted.

Xena's eyes flew open. She sat up on the bed and took in deep gulps of air to catch her breath. Gabrielle stirred briefly in her sleep but didn't awaken. The night air that came through the window was cool against her hot and sticky skin. Another demonic nightmare, she thought. When would they end? This one seemed more vivid than usual, she thought. But actually it was no different than the countless other nightmares she'd endured over the years. This time, she had been in Cirra and she watched as she, as a warlord, skewered everyone in sight. She was about to murder a small girl, who must have been Callisto, she surmised. When would that woman ever stop haunting her? she wondered.

The warrior sighed and lay back on the bed. She wrapped her arm around Gabrielle's waist, hugging her lover closer to her. She kissed the side of her head and thanked the gods again for bringing such a sweet soul into her life. Is it any wonder she sleeps so soundly? Xena mused. A broad smile spread across her face as she clearly remembered their resplendent lovemaking from the night before. She marveled at the bard's ability to penetrate the many layers she'd created to protect her heart. But Gabrielle sliced through those layers with the ease of a blade through thin air and what the bard gleaned was true. It was as if Xena were transparent and Gabrielle could see clearly through to her soul. She knew no one except Gabrielle would ever have been allowed to possess her like she did last night. Xena gave Gabrielle a soft peck on her shoulder and examined the younger woman's slack features in her untroubled slumber. It would be just fine with Xena if she died right there in her lover's arms, never to awaken again. Moments later, she fell back asleep.