Merlin awoke to find Arthur watching him. He half expected to see hatred or anger in Arthur's face, but instead there was only curiosity.

"Good morning, your Highness. How are you feeling this morning? How's the soreness?"

"I'm fine," Arthur replied, while still holding himself a little stiffly at the thought.

Merlin ran his hand down Arthur's flank and across his arse to stroke around his hole, which was still a little red.

"Liar," he said, without heat. "I think I'm going to have to teach you the consequences of trying to deceive me."

"But..." Arthur said, "I wasn't..."

"I know, you were trying to be brave and stoic. A good trait in a prince, but wasted in my bed. You're healing, but I think you need someone to kiss it better. Roll over, up on your hands and knees."

Arthur looked a little worried but assumed the position that Merlin ordered.

"That's it, spread your legs a bit further, let me see you properly."

Merlin moved behind him, between his legs and bent over to place a simple kiss on his left buttock. Arthur jerked in surprise, then stilled, exercising the control that Merlin so admired but also loved to fracture into a thousand pieces. Merlin moved his mouth inwards until he reached his goal, breathing gently across the tight muscle of Arthur's hole.

"Hold still," he said, reinforcing Arthur's control with his magic, and licked him for the first time.

"Wha..." Arthur exclaimed in shock but couldn't move away, his body completely open to the teasing of Merlin's tongue. Merlin licked around and around in a spiral towards the centre, before pushing his tongue into the muscle, starting to penetrate him.

He reliquished his prize for just long enough to say, "Relax, I've never yet met anyone who didn't enjoy the feeling of a tongue inside their arse.", before resuming the sweet torture of Arthur's body. Merlin stopped locking his movements and it didn't take long for him to start pushing back against the wet pressure, spreading himself wider in the attempt to get Merlin even further inside.

As fun as it was to crack Arthur's control, Merlin had a plan and didn't want to get too lost in the moment. His tongue wasn't quite enough to stretch Arthur as much as he needed, so he brought his fingers into play as well, pushing inside and licking round first one finger then two. Soon the opening was starting to relax and Merlin conjured a plug from his box of toys, moving back before gently pushing it inside. It wasn't very thick, but long enough to stimulate the prostate, if the wearer moved just right.

Arthur whined - at the loss of Merlin's tongue or the feel of the plug inside him, who knew, but Merlin was ready to move on to the next stage.

"Turn over and lie on your back."

The plug was obviously doing its job as Arthur moved carefully, trying to minimise the almost overwhelming sensation.

"Lift your arms," Merlin said as he guided them to the head of the bed and pulled out the leather manacles that he'd attached there, ready for this. He could use his magic, of course, but somehow being able to struggle but not escape was so much more stimulating, and he was looking forward to the contrast of the black leather against Arthur's golden skin.

Arthur was concentrating on keeping as still as possible, to minimise the effect of the plug, and didn't notice the manacles being sealed around his wrists until it was far too late. He couldn't resist the urge to struggle, howling as the plug stroked over the sensitive place inside him.

"Hush," Merlin said, stroking down Arthur's sides, holding and calming him. "No point getting yourself too worked up, just lie there and relax."

"I'm going to enjoy imagining you like this all day, bound and filled and wanting."

He'd considered clamping Arthur's nipples again, but it would be too long, he wanted to torment his lover not torture him. Merlin did want to leave him with another reminder though, and his cock was telling him that he was in danger of tormenting himself as much as his victim.

He knelt astride Arthur's hips, enjoying the vision spread out before him, and stroked himself purposefully. It didn't take long before he came, covering Arthur's body with his release, and he knew Arthur would be feeling and smelling him all day. That was almost enough, but he swept his hand through the mess and cradled Arthur's face, pushing his thumb past the gently panting lips to add taste to his onslaught on Arthur's senses.

"Don't worry, I won't be letting anyone else disturb you today," he said as he moved to get dressed, feeling the hot glare of hungry eyes on his skin.