Part 13

It was all Vin could do not to start laughing until he got far enough from the livery that he didn’t think Buck would hear him. He went first to the jail for the carbine and then headed back to the saloon. He was still snickering a bit as he crossed the street, having to stop several times to let people pass because the potluck was over. He walked up between Blue and Peso a few moments later and reached for Peso’s reins with his free hand, giving Chris a wink. There were a few people in the saloon finally, and Vin could see Inez through the front window, making the rounds with the coffee pot and several mugs.

Chris smirked, lifting a mug of fresh coffee in a salute as he teased, “Glad to see you in one piece.”

Ezra’s lips twitched. “I trust that Mr. Wilmington survived as well.”

“You trust right, but he wasn’t too sure he would for a minute there,” Vin said, trying not to laugh again as he remembered the way Buck froze when the back of his knife touched Buck’s forehead. He looked up at Danny, grinning as he flipped Peso’s reins around the black gelding’s neck where they belonged. “You ready, Danny?”

Danny beamed and nodded rapidly. “I sure am!”

Vin turned his attention over towards Billy, who was sitting on the edge of the boardwalk pouting. “What about you?”

Billy nodded quickly and looked hopeful. “Can I ride out to the field with you, Vin?”

“Sorry Billy, Peso don't like carryin' double. You know how he is.”

In truth Peso would likely tolerate it if Vin sweet-talked him a little, but Vin wasn’t about to put a child – especially Mary Travis’ boy! – on his sometimes-unpredictable gelding. Mary was scared half to death of Peso because he snapped or kicked at her whenever she got within five feet of him. If she caught so much as a glimpse of Billy on him, even with Vin to keep Peso under control, she’d likely try to get Vin arrested for attempted murder. Mary had made it plain more than once that she thought Peso was dangerous and should be kept locked up for the safety of the town’s children even though Peso hadn’t hurt a child since Vin first dropped a rope on him. Peso had done some damage to just about every other living thing Vin could think of over the years, from people on down to a rabbit that tried to steal the gelding’s grain once and got a hoof to the head for its stupidity, but Peso had never even tried to hurt a child. The rabbit had been good eating though, as had a few snakes that got too close to Peso over the years.

Billy sighed and drooped. “Rats. You’ll be done by the time I can get there, then.”

Chris chuckled and finished his coffee, then stood. “I’ll give you a ride, Billy. Your ma won’t fuss about that, and if she does you just tell her to take it up with me. I reckon you need to know how to use a gun near as bad as Danny does.”

Billy brightened and jumped up, looking up at Chris. “Would you really?!”

“Said I would, didn’t I?” Chris asked, smiling at Billy as he started towards the horses.

“Thank you, Chris!” Billy hurried to follow Chris, grinning from ear to ear.

Vin grinned and swung up into Peso’s saddle, then backed him away from Pony and Blue far enough to give Billy room to approach Pony without getting too close to Peso, just in case Mary should happen by. She always turned up when he least expected her to, and recently she always seemed to be looking to find fault with Peso and Vin’s handling of him. “Thanks, Chris. Mary’s not near so likely to breathe fire over you takin’ him out there.”

Chris reached out to grab Peso’s reins, ignoring the dirty look Peso gave him and feeding Peso a bit of biscuit with his free hand before he began stroking Peso’s face. “C’mon, Billy. I’ll keep Peso occupied while you mount up.” He grinned up at Vin then and teased, “And you’re just scared stiff of her, is all.”

“I sure am,” Vin agreed, laughing. He wasn’t at all surprised Peso took the treat and tolerated Chris petting him, though he doubted anyone else could get away with touching Peso's head while Vin was on him. “She’s as protective as a grizzly with new cubs, and don’t like Peso even a little even since he pinched her that last time.”

That particular time Peso had acted docile and waited until Mary wasn’t paying any attention at all to him, and then he grabbed a mouthful of skirts, including enough rump to make Mary’s scream and then bawl like a baby. If she had been carrying a gun then, Vin was pretty sure she would have shot Peso right there in the street. As it was he and Peso were both very lucky that looks couldn’t kill. She had glared every time she saw them for over a week afterwards, and still refused to approach Peso even when someone was between her and the ornery mustang.

Chris snickered and patted Peso’s neck, glancing over his shoulder to see if Billy was in the saddle yet. Billy had made it as far as getting his foot into the stirrup, which was a real accomplishment considering the stirrup was higher than his waist, but he couldn’t quite pull himself up. Pony was standing patiently to let him try though, braced and watching the boy out of the corner of his eye, and Vin thought not for the first time that Pony would have been a good horse for Adam if things had been different. Pony was one of the most patient horses Vin had ever known.

Chris let go of Peso to go help Billy, lifting the boy into the saddle with a soft grunt of effort. “You’re almost too heavy to toss up there anymore, son. You’re gonna have to learn to do it on your own pretty soon.”

Billy grinned at Chris, scooting as far forward in the saddle as he could and lifting his foot out of Chris’ way. “Can I practice on Pony?”

Chris laughed and gathered Pony’s reins, nodding. “If your ma says it’s okay. He’ll be here in town anyway most days, and he’s just about the safest you’re gonna find to climb on except Seeker.”

Josiah’s chestnut was born and raised in a Cherokee village, and Seeker had learned as a colt to tolerate anything a child might do from braiding flowers in his tail to climbing him like a tree. Seeker loved attention and was sweet and calm as the day is long, always willing to make a new friend or watch over a horse-crazy child. Seeker had proven himself to be an able and willing babysitter, letting the kids play with him while their mothers relaxed and gossiped. There were a dozen children who doted on the laid-back gelding and played with him often in his pasture back behind the church, and most of the ladies in town adored him almost as much as they liked his rider. Every Sunday morning without fail one of the children would move Seeker's bucket into the meadow near his corral, and by the time service was over it would be overflowing with treats for Seeker that would last him until the next Sunday.

Billy beamed. “Thanks!”

Chris just grinned and swung up behind Billy, and they took a moment to get situated more comfortably before Chris looked at Vin and Danny, grinning. “Well, what are we waitin’ for?”

Vin laughed and looked at Ezra, tipping his hat to him. “See you later, Ez. Don’t get too bored waitin’ ‘round for us.”

Ezra looked amused as he waved one hand dismissively, sprawled comfortably in his favorite chair. It hadn’t taken him two heartbeats after Chris vacated the chair to reclaim it, and Vin knew Ezra wouldn’t be giving it up until there were enough people in the saloon to get a poker game going. “Go, enjoy your marksmanship lessons. I have no doubt that I will find something to occupy my afternoon.”

“Fleecing some unsuspecting cowboy, no doubt!” Gloria Potter said, walking up on the far side of Pony. She looked amused as she climbed up on the boardwalk and gave Ezra a fond smile, then turned towards Chris and Vin and the two boys. “Have fun boys, but do be careful. A rifle is not a toy.”

“They’ll be careful, Miz Gloria,” Vin promised, smiling and tipping his hat to her. “There won’t be any playin’ around, I promise.”

Seeing Gloria reminded Vin that he needed to go out hunting again soon. It had been a while since he made sure she had fresh game, and he figured kids needed variety. Gloria couldn’t leave her responsibilities to hunt and needed her son's help with the store too, so Vin tried to do his part to be sure her youngsters got something besides the beef or chicken that was available in town. He and Chris couldn’t finish off a deer before it spoiled without help anyway, and it was usually no trouble to get a few extra rabbits or sage hens. Game was plentiful in the hills yet, and he seldom saw sign that anyone else had been hunting out towards the ranch.

Chris grinned at Gloria and nodded, also tipping his hat. “You have a good day, ma’am.”

Danny was quick to copy them with his own hat, but Billy wasn’t wearing one so he settled for just giving Gloria a wave as Chris turned Pony to head towards the west end of town. Peso moved after Pony without any urging, and Danny pulled Blue to one side to let Pony and Peso pass before he followed them.

Gloria turned to Ezra as they walked away. “Now, Ezra, about the social next weekend...”

Vin snickered at Ezra’s theatrical groan as they moved out of earshot, and Chris looked over at him, grinning. Vin winked at Chris and let Peso leap ahead into an easy canter, and Chris laughed softly as he heeled Pony after them. Blue followed right on Pony’s heels without any urging from Danny, used to traveling with the two black geldings after the time she had spent with them on the trail.

~*~*~*~

Buck watched Vin leave the livery and then just stared at the door, trying to decide if Vin had really hinted at what he thought he did.

Given the choice between being scalped and Vin doing something more personal to him, Buck figured he just might prefer the scalping. He’d forget all about a scar in a week or two, but he had a feeling he wouldn’t forget it so quick if Vin decided to introduce him to whatever it was Vin had done that had turned Chris’ head so completely. Vin had to be pretty good at it, going by the way Chris was grinning at everyone, and he was one flexible little shit. He could probably bend in ways that would make —

Lord God Almighty, he was thinking about what Vin Tanner was like in bed!

Buck turned to walk quickly towards Misty’s stall, shaking his head. He had to let it be. The only way he was going to keep his sanity was to keep his nose right out of it. Buck hadn’t ever been one for the kind of thing Chris and Vin had been doing, and that wasn’t changing anytime soon. Chris was right, it was their row to hoe and that’d have to be the end of it for him, no matter how much he cared about Chris.

He slipped into the stall with Misty and smiled at the way she nuzzled at his cheek, knocking his hat back to hang from the stampede string. “Hello, pretty lady,” he murmured with a smile, fishing a chunk of candy out of his vest pocket to feed to her. “Been enjoying your time off?” Misty munched on the candy, nodding her head with each bite, and he patted her neck. “Figured you were.”

Buck moved to the back of the stall to retrieve the brush and hoof pick he always left tucked into the corner under the feed trough. He unwrapped the rag that was around the brush to keep it from getting full of hay and laid it and the hoof pick in the wooden trough, then turned back to Misty. She had followed him and was watching with her ears up from only a foot or two away, and he had to chuckle softly as he reached up to rub her forehead.

“You’re darn near as spoiled as Pony is, old girl,” he murmured with a smile, letting Misty nuzzle his cheek again. He moved to her shoulder and began running the brush over her silvery dappled coat, following each swipe with his free hand as much because he enjoyed petting her as because he knew she liked it. “Next you’ll be expectin’ me to add molasses to your feed and buy you apples.”

Misty let out a deep sigh as she relaxed to enjoy the attention, her head lowering as she shifted to stand hipshot with one hind hoof barely touching the ground.

Buck grinned and kept brushing her, glad of a reason to just do something and not have to think so much. Thinking kept getting him into trouble, and he’d had more than enough for the day.

~*~*~*~

Josiah smiled warmly at Mary and Lorrie and waved to them as they left in Lorrie’s buckboard, then let out a relieved breath and relaxed. He was finally alone again, and while it wasn’t exactly quiet behind the church with the town’s main street so nearby, it was much quieter than it had been. He moved around the picnic tables, checking to be sure nothing had been dropped or left behind as the ladies packed up, then headed for the corral across the empty meadow where people from outside town usually parked for Sunday services.

Josiah’s long strides ate up the distance and it wasn’t long before he was grabbing a dried apple slice from the bucket outside the corral and then slipping between the rails. He often left the gate open for Seeker to graze the meadow freely, but on Sundays he always left the placid gelding a pile of hay to keep him occupied out of the way. The corral was just saplings lashed to posts and not very large, barely thirty paces on a side. The lean-to in the corral was rough at best, but it kept off the rain and Seeker seldom wanted more than that. Seeker, like his rider, was perfectly at home sleeping under the stars and didn’t take well to being cooped up without reason.

Seeker greeted Josiah with a soft nicker and walked over to say hello while Foxy stood in the shade of the lean-to, ignoring them. Foxy was seldom friendly so it was no surprise for her to stay aloof, even welcome. Seeker was usually affectionate unless another horse pushed him away, and Josiah enjoyed not having any competition for the gelding’s attention.

Josiah offered the apple slice to Seeker, feeding it to the sorrel while he stepped in close, smiling. “Hello, old friend.” Seeker lipped up the apple and then nuzzled Josiah while he ate, and Josiah chuckled softly as he stroked Seeker’s face. “Foxy treating you good?”

Seeker didn’t seem to listen, just leaning closer and enjoying Josiah’s hands sliding over all the places he most liked to be petted, and Josiah smiled as he looked the gelding over. He didn’t see any fresh bite marks or hoof prints, so he supposed that Foxy was finally behaving herself for the most part. Hopefully she had gotten used to the idea of sharing Seeker’s corral, but if not Josiah knew she would settle down in time. Nathan had kept her in a shed of her own behind the livery for quite a long time, after all, and some horses adjusted to change slowly.

Foxy would likely still be there if the little barn hadn’t been torn down to make room for the lumber barn that Virgil Watson was putting in to cope with all the building around town. People were building homes and stores, Mary was rallying support for a school, and the Smith brothers were even putting up a third livery barn with sixteen stalls. Four Corners was growing much more quickly than anyone had expected now that the railroad passed just outside of town, and Virgil needed somewhere to store more wood so he could keep up with the demand.

“Though that may not necessarily be a good thing,” Josiah murmured softly, speaking a portion of his thoughts as he often did when he was alone with Seeker. He had one hand on Seeker’s jaw, the other slowly stroking the sorrel gelding’s face while Seeker leaned against him contentedly. “With civilization comes civilized people and all the troubles they bring, my friend, and we all could do better without those, I think.”

Josiah had overheard quite a bit of gossip during the potluck and much of it was still fresh in his mind, especially the spirited discussion concerning their local sheriff. Some of the newer arrivals in town wanted to elect someone to take over the peacekeeping duties in town, spurred on by Buck’s reputation and the way he had made a habit of lounging around the front of the jail watching the ladies go by. Several of the pretty young girls in the area had parents who were annoyed at Buck for noticing their teenaged daughters, despite the fact Buck never did anything but smile at the younger ladies and possibly tease them about fending off their beaus.

Mary had surprised Josiah by being one of those who wanted to see Buck replaced, though more because he had thought she learned something from Bryce and all the problems that had followed the man than because he thought her particularly tolerant of Buck’s roving eye. Mary made no secret of her dislike of ‘working girls’ as she so primly termed them, and Bucklin was just as vocal about his adoration of them. It was common knowledge that many of the local saloon girls and two of the ladies who worked at the hotel were also earning a little money on the side from lonely men, and Mary blamed it firmly on Buck for encouraging them.

Discussion of Buck’s idling in front of the jail led to talk of the fact the rest of the Seven seemed to spend a lot of their time lounging around on the boardwalk or in ‘their’ saloon, and many of the newer settlers disapproved. It was easier than it should have been for Kevin Tucker, the man who suggested telling the Seven all to step down, to convince the new people that the Seven should be freed of their duties at the jail to better protect the entire area. He maintained that a sheriff and a deputy were all that Four Corners needed for the town anymore, and entirely too many people agreed with him.

Josiah would have stepped in then to point out what happened the last time the Seven left town, but Gloria Potter and Lorrie Calhoun had beaten him to it. They had pointed out that when there was trouble it was hard to find men on patrol to get help, but if a few of the Seven were in town then they could respond immediately. Inez, Virgil, and a dozen other long-time residents had finally added their two cents worth in a few minutes later, each telling the newer townspeople of incidents when all of the Seven were needed to protect the town. Mary had added her voice to that chorus eventually, though it seemed a bit belated and entirely too reluctant to Josiah.

Twenty minutes later, the idea of changing the deal with the Seven was finally dismissed, though the election of a sheriff was slated for July. Mary and Gloria had nominated JD for the job already, and support for the boy seemed to be strong so Josiah didn’t intend to worry about the outcome of the elections just yet. Four Corners was unlikely to be the same in a few weeks, much less a few months, and the town might be so different by July that the Seven would want to ride out. There was really little to hold them if the townspeople stopped needing their aid, and each time the Seven had split up had gone badly enough that Josiah felt they would hold together should they ever need to move on.

Thinking about the Seven staying together reminded Josiah of changes he had noticed the night before, and he smiled at further proof of how quickly things could change. Just a week ago he had wondered if Chris would ever realize what was staring him in the face, but after his meal with Chris and Vin in the saloon the night before he was confident that Chris finally knew how Vin felt about him. Chris had spared little attention for anyone but Vin throughout the meal, and the frequent amused looks Vin gave their fearless leader had been tinged with a warmth Vin had seldom dared to show in the past unless Chris’ back was turned.

Josiah chuckled softly and looked at Seeker, stroking the sorrel’s soft muzzle as he murmured, “It took them long enough, didn’t it? I have never known another man so content to ignore the nose on his face as those two are.” He let out a soft snort that was more a laugh. “Though Ezra does come in a very close third, for a fact.”

Josiah still wasn’t completely sure of Ezra’s inclinations, but he had been pleased to notice Ezra was so obviously amused by Chris’ behavior. His own tastes were many and varied, but he hadn’t indulged his less socially acceptable appetites since he joined the Seven for that fight in the Seminole village. He had suspected Vin’s inclinations were towards men soon after meeting him because of Vin’s complete lack of interest in the ladies from Wickes Town, but he had still kept his own flexible tastes to himself. Vin’s acceptance was almost assured – the native tribes Vin had obviously spent so much time with didn’t see sexual relationships in the same light as so many white cultures did – but Vin himself was as wary as a deer scenting wolves and that encouraged Josiah to follow Vin's instinct and hide his own flexible inclinations.

Josiah had suspected Ezra’s tastes ran more towards the male end of the spectrum for much of their acquaintance as well, but Ezra was such a private man that Josiah truly had little to go on other than the fact Ezra always slept alone. Given the gambler’s distrust of anyone entering his bedchamber, the lack of sleeping companions could easily be explained away, which had left Josiah subtly testing the waters for quite some time. Vin’s amusement at his flirting had reinforced Josiah’s opinion of Ezra’s inclinations, as had Ezra’s occasional surprise. So little truly surprised Ezra that Josiah took more pleasure in doing so than was likely good for either of them.

Josiah had no doubt Vin enjoyed the teasing exchanges between he and Ezra, as much because of Ezra’s surprise as anything else. Their other friends might not pay attention to Vin’s subtle flickers of expression, often leading them to accuse Chris of reading the tracker’s mind, but Josiah knew better. He had been cultivating an awareness of Vin for quite some time in an attempt to decipher that silent language between Chris and Vin, and learned quite a lot about Vin without either of them saying a word. Josiah had realized quite some time ago that Vin returned Chris’ interest in him, and had often wondered how they could spend so much time watching each other without seeing what was so plain to him.

Chris seemed to be Vin’s only blind spot though, and very little missed his attention when the others were lounging around the saloon passing time. Vin was a master of the art of hiding in plain sight, observing without being noticed, and often those observations said a lot about what Vin himself was thinking. Watching Vin had often brought Josiah’s attention to some subtle clue that led Josiah to better understanding of their friends, focusing him on whoever needed a sympathetic ear or a subtle nudge towards a decision they hesitated to make. Vin’s attention could usually be counted on to settle on who was talking at the moment, and when it didn’t it was often worth taking a second look himself at whoever had caught Vin’s eye.

Josiah smirked. “Unless of course that someone is Chris,” he murmured, sliding his hand up Seeker’s forehead. He gave the gelding a final pat and then turned away, speaking as he moved to the rails to slip out of the corral again. “I’ll come back this evening and give you a good rub down.”

Seeker’s ears pricked up and he followed Josiah to the fence, leaning over it when Josiah straightened on the other side. Josiah smiled and took Seeker’s face between his hands. “I find myself in the mood for some human companionship, old friend. You would find the saloon to be poor replacement for your corral.” He rested his forehead against Seeker’s a moment and then released the gelding and turned away, walking quickly along the alley that ran behind most of the buildings on main street, humming softly to himself.

There was little chance anyone would recognize the tune even if they heard it. Music was definitely not one of his talents.