The sun shone through the sheer curtains and onto the fine hair on the back of Arin's neck. A scar she had not noticed before shimmered along the light skin on his shoulder. She couldn't help but lean to trace it with her fingertip before slipping out of bed. He groaned softly and rolled over with his arm over his eyes.
"Someone's not a morning person," she whispered to herself before tiptoeing to the bathroom. She brushed her teeth, ran across the street and got dressed for her morning run all while he slumbered in the bed.
Snipping off the tags of the new soft floral spandex pants and matching tank top, she laid them neatly on the armchair. As she tossed his other clothes in the hamper, she noticed the pair of dress shoes he wore the night before and chuckled before slipping back into the bedroom. She leaned against the door frame and shook her head at the sight of him under the covers. As cute as he was, she refused to tiptoe in her own house past 7 am.
Anna cleared her throat, saying his name gently in an effort to rouse him. He didn't budge an inch. Then she tried tugging the edge of the blankets away from him, exposing his bare ass and pretty pink thong to the morning light. Still nothing.
Finally, she pounced on top of him and tickled him relentlessly until he wriggled out of her reach. He laughed softly but grumbled as he sat up, rubbing his eyes and yawning dramatically.
"Out of bed, sleepyhead. A run will do you some good," she said, hoping back out of bed and stretching the tense muscles in her lower back. His eyes popped open and focused on the cleavage in her low cut tank top.
"Good thing you woke when you did. I was about to fetch my whips," she teased.
He turned in the direction of the rack against the wall squinting as though he was looking at strange foreign objects.
"I'm not sure I'd even feel that at this hour. What time is it, anyway?" He mumbled.
"Time for a run. I already told you. Now get up and get dressed. We're losing daylight here," she ordered, turning around to stretch and touch her toes.
His head tilted to better view her ass in the stretchy black material before speaking. "A...run? Sure...I guess, but it's Saturday, isn't it? Just give me an hour to go find some coffee," he slurred, fighting off a yawn.
Anna couldn't help but frown and put her hands on her hips. He had already shifted her whole morning routine and now he was back-talking her.
"No. I said Now. Your clothes are on the chair and if you don't have them on in five minutes, I really will have to spank you." Something in her voice made the amused grin slide from his face for a moment before he slipped right back into his previous sleepy state. He chuckled softly and shook his head as he pulled himself out of bed.
"A run before coffee...I sorta figured you were a sadist but this is extreme." He sighed, choosing to walk around her to keep at a safe distance of her scowl. "Wait, this is what I'm supposed to wear? These...these are pink." He breathed, biting his lip and reaching to tentatively touch the soft floral tights as if the fabric might burn his skin.
"Your point is?" she said, closing the distance between them and leaning over his shoulder to see the clothes, this time through in his eyes. He dropped them on the chair when he felt her behind him.
"You really want me to wear...um...just where do you go running?"
"We'll go down the street, through the public park and then take a little trail that is just lovely this time of year," she whispered, leaning in closer to enjoy the tensing of his muscles as he processed what she wanted from him.
"The park on a Saturday morning? It will be full of people, Anna. I'll die of
embarrassment," he whined, picking the spandex back up and nervously stroking the fabric with his fingertips.
She reached around him to grip the bulge that was already twitching through the panties that she forced him to wear, pressing her body against his bare back. He gasped softly at her touch, leaning into her hand with a soft whimper.
"I think you're much more likely to cum in your pants than to die, pet,"
"I...uh...I don't know why it got that way so quickly, really," he said, trying to still his hips from moving.
"You don't know hmm? Shall I tell you?" She tightened her grip, squeezing his cock and slowly stroking to the rhythm of his hips.
"Yes...please do." His voice was eager until she released him and stepped away.
"First tell me what makes you think I'm a sadist."
He stayed very still for a few minutes as he gathered himself, then motioned to the whips and crops.
"I don't think that's such a bad thing, necessarily. I just get the sense that my discomfort, or maybe pain...excites you. Am I so far off?"
"No, you're not. I guess I've been looking for a true masochist for a while now. They aren't easy to find. Most subs are just so eager to please that they will pretend to like anything, but it's not fun for me if they are just pretending." Her voice was low as she watched him consider her words.
"And you think I'm...that?"
"Of course you are, Arin. You can't be that clueless can you?"
She pointed firmly at the clothes, causing him to shyly slip off the panties and slide the soft tights up onto his muscled hips. They fit snug and she couldn't help but reach out to slap the shapely outline of his ass. The name seemed to surprise him more than the slap, and he slowly repeated it aloud while running his fingers over the soft fabric.
"I...know I'm submissive. I'm not really into pain...but maybe you're right."
"Maybe isn't going to cut it, pet. You need to know for sure, and so do I. I know how to prove it if you trust me," she called making her way to the kitchen to fill up the water bottles.
"I...I think I can trust you. I know I want to. But how would we prove that?"
He called after her, slipping on the soft pink top and looking around for a pair of socks. When she returned to the living room, she scanned him up and down carefully.
"You know, those leggings show off Every. Little. Tiny. Imperfection." she said, enunciating little and tiny as she nodded toward the modest bulge in his pants.
His eyes grew wide and slid down to follow her gaze as a soft whimper escaped his chest, his face a deep crimson. The twitching cock in his leggings was already giving him away.
"It's...only an inch and a sixteenth shorter than the latest research on worldwide tumescent averages," he sputtered, casually moving a hand in front of his bulge.
"Well, there's no way to hide it now, and of course you must be sure to control your excitement. EVERYONE will be able to see that too."
She grinned, tossing the bottle at him and forcing him to move the shield in front of him. As she swayed toward the door, he scurried to follow, almost as if being pulled by a leash.
"Aren't you going to ask permission to use the little girl's room or do you plan to use a tree during our run?" she teased, turning to face him and stopping him in his tracks. A sudden realization came over his face as he glanced in the direction of the bathroom, and squeezed the ache in his leggings.
"Oh...Of course, now that you mention it I do need to, badly. May I?"
"Yes, if you sit and HURRY," she said rolling her eyes and glancing at her watch.
He hesitated before making his way to the bathroom, a look of confusion on his face. A moment later, he appeared at the front door, still semi-hard and glancing around nervously as if someone was going to snatch him up and eat him.
"I've never...um...done it that way before, sitting I mean," he murmured before she sprinted off in the direction of the park.
Several eyes were already turning to them as he struggled to keep up with her. As she glanced over at him, his eyes were glazed over with embarrassment and his cheeks were brighter pink than his top.
Despite the absolute panic written all over his face, his cock made it clear that he was loving every minute. As they rounded the corner and made their way onto the hard pavement of the park, she wondered how much further she could push him.
Finally, Anna's feet left the pavement behind for the soft dirt trail as she slowed her pace, turning to Arin. She searched his face, eager to drink up every drop of panic.
"Having fun?" She asked, turning her focus to his lips, and then to the bulge in the leggings.
"Yeah...I guess"
"You guess? Can you be more specific, pet? This is an experiment, after all, one does need to have feedback," she breezed, with a wide smile.
"It's complicated. I'm ashamed by this...and ashamed that I should be excited by this."
A small drop of sweat slid its way down his neck as she moved forward to grip his hips with both hands, pulling him close enough to peer into his eyes.
"So, I guess you know what that means don't you?"
"That...um...maybe you are right about me?" His voice was low and his breathing suddenly grew harder. Anna found herself fixated on the small quiver of his lower lip.
Her body was just as excited by this as his. Just the idea of finding someone who pairs so well with your impulses was enough. It was made all the more intense by this sudden rush of electricity whenever he was close to her.
"You'll learn soon enough that I'm right about most things. Being a masochist is nothing to be ashamed of, you know. It's not a four-letter word. Actually, you're pretty lucky."
He pressed himself against her, reaching to lightly touch her arms. It seemed her words were barely registering. They were drowned out by a sea of desire that threatened to sweep them both away at any minute. She dug her fingertips into the soft fabric on his hips and pulled him even closer, contemplating how the sweat would taste against his lips.
"I said...you're lucky," she repeated, fighting the urge welling up inside her as he struggled to come back to his senses.
"L...lucky? How so? Something tells me I'm in for a world of hurt, and I'm too enthralled to have the good sense to run away."
He moaned softly as her teeth grazed the salty flesh of his neck. Then, as she sunk her teeth in, he gasped loudly before squeaking like a little mouth caught in a trap. She couldn't decide which sound made her wetter. When she pulled away, it was very hard not to toss him to the ground and take what she wanted.
"So many things in life are painful and ugly. A masochist is lucky enough to enjoy the pain and the pleasure...almost equally. While the rest of us are searching for pleasure and hiding from pain, they are perfectly happy to embrace both. I think that's quite beautiful, don't you?"
"I...well...I said earlier that I'm not really into pain. I don't think...at least not the physical kind," he stuttered licking his bottom lip as he stared at her.
"I think maybe, you've just not been hurt the RIGHT way, pet," she teased, pulling away and sprinting down the trail. She was beginning to love leaving him in a puddle of desire.

She didn't need to watch him to know that it took a few deep breaths to be able to move his feet again. Her heart pounded in her chest as he rounded the corner, focusing on her breathing and the warm muscles of her legs.
The large open clearing, surrounded by grand oak trees was always her favorite part of her morning run. It was private enough to sit and read if she went early enough, although several people frequented it later in the day. His eyes searched the field almost in a panic before settling on her leaning against a tree. Instantly he relaxed, looking around warily before jogging over to her.
"Took you long enough, slowpoke," she teased, not moving from her position.
"Sorry...I promise to be faster next time...after coffee and with running shoes," he said, gasping for short quick breaths and wiping a bead of sweat from his brow.
"You look tired. Come here. I'm sure I have something much better than coffee."
His eyes slid down to her body, resting on the place where her thighs formed a V in her tights, then darted back up to meet her gaze with a grin. Before he could move closer, she held up a hand and took him by the shoulders, moving him against the tree before stepping away with a soft laugh.
A broken branch on the ground sounded out into the silent field. His eyes darted back and forth in search of the source of the intrusion before finally returning to her. Every part of him was on high alert.
"Not that. You had that all night last night as I recall."
"I...don't think I can ever get enough of that," he muttered, with a knowing grin that faded when he saw her pull out her phone.
"It will be my pleasure to do it now or later...with or without a shower," he added, eyeing her phone nervously.
His words caught her off guard for a minute, and she found herself squeezing her thighs together at the thought of him down there after a long hot run. For a long moment, she was tempted to change her plans.
Taking a deep breath, she tried to put his talented tongue out of her mind. Such a little thing to be preoccupied with. The click of her phone snapping a picture of him seemed to pry his eyes away from her and steady her mind enough to continue their little game.
"I'll expect your mouth again when we get home then," she grinned, taking another picture.
"Anna, please, I'm hardly the picture of a model. Particularly in this."
"Does that mean you DON'T want me to blow these up and give them to my friend for his gallery? Or perhaps I'll frame them in my living room hmm?"
"A...gallery? That's...no one would want that in a gallery. You are teasing...aren't you?"
He stammered, shifting nervously and avoiding the camera with his eyes. His hand reached to squeeze the ache in his pants almost of its own free will.
"He could call it...scared little bitch in the woods," she announced, biting her bottom lip.
A barely audible whimper escaped from his chest as he slowly repeated the word bitch to himself. It was as if he'd never heard the word before.
A tiny bead of moisture was already beginning to seep from the tip of his cock. The fabric was just the right shade to show off every little tale-tale sign of both his arousal and embarrassment.
"Take off your shirt. I want to see more of you for this next picture," she ordered, taking in every little movement and sound as if they were her own. Without a thought, he tugged at the wet fabric of his top, his eyes burning into hers. His hand nervously fiddled with the rough bark on the tree beside him as he waited for her next move.
"Turn around and bend over for me. Now." Before turning as bid his eyes flashed with a small glimmer of confusion.
"Is this better, Miss?"
"It will be when you bend over as I said. Or maybe you can't follow simple instructions, Arin," she said, a hint of annoyance swimming in her voice.
Suddenly his whole body tensed, and his fingertips dug into the bark of the tree. The rest of him stood motionless for a long moment. His head turned slightly as he searched the open field once more before bending forward slightly.
Did he have any idea what she wanted to do? Would he stop her if he did? As she slowly approached him from behind, she felt her heart race, and her skin grow warmer.
She traced a finger down his spine, reveling in the shudder that overtook him, before leaning in closer. Her fingers slipped into the waistband of his tights, tugging the fabric slowly over his ass just low enough to expose it to the elements.
"I...I've never been comfortable with public nudity...for obvious reasons," he muttered, even as his hands were reaching to help her lower the stretchy, damp tights down over his taut cheeks.
"You didn't mind it the day we met," she said, placing her hand gently on his back and pushing him further forward as she snapped another picture.
"It...was dark...then," he breathed, leaning further and fumbling for a branch to hold on to.
"Spread your legs. Quickly before someone happens by and sees you."
Arin tightened his grasp on the limb in an effort to keep his legs from wobbling beneath him. His breath heaved in his chest as Anna slid her hands over his warm, wet ass cheeks.
A sudden addition of a moist finger against his opening made him moan loudly. His voice echoed out into the silence causing a flock of birds to startle out of the tree above them. Adding another digit, she probed further, watching intently as her knuckles disappeared inside him.
She couldn't help but smile as she slipped past the outer ring, causing his moans to grow louder. Each time she withdrew, his body shivered and tensed as if begging her to stay inside.
"Shh not so loud, pet. You don't want someone thinking you're hurt now do you?" She whispered, turning her fingers to hook upward and slowly adding a third finger.
"Sss...sorry," he breathed, pushing himself eagerly backward into her quickening digits.
"Do you want to hear a secret, pet?" She asked, positioning herself and fucking him faster as if she were using a strap on over her tights.
"Yesss. Oh god...what's your...secret," he gasped, slipping a hand between his legs as his hips moved in kind.
"One day soon, You're going to beg me to fuck you with more than three little fingers. Do you know why?"
"No, of course not...tell me, please," he grunted, rolling back to impale himself faster and deeper than before.
"It's because I. Own. You. Now. Every last part of you." She fucked harder with each word, bringing him closer and closer to the edge of reason.
Another deep moan rose from his chest as he comprehended her words. His hips began to grind back into her, grunting and gasping with each thrust of her digits.
No longer did his eyes turn to scan the field around them. His head wasn't turning to listen intently for footsteps. The inhibitions were completely gone as he opened up to her. His body was shivering wildly and dying for the release she had denied him since they returned from their first date. In that moment, every inch of him ached to be owned by her and nothing else.
"I think I hear footsteps, Arin. Do you still want me to keep fucking you like this?" She asked, ramming against that spongy part of him deep inside.
"God...I don't know...please...I need to...please don't stop"
"Tell me what you are and I won't."
Every muscle in his body tensed as he moaned the word YOURS. His breathing stopped completely for what seemed to be a lifetime and his back arched before letting out one final gasp of relief.
The load of his burden erupted onto the ground in front of them, and caused his legs to wobble. As she pulled out of him with a smile, she snapped one more picture before leaning to gently kiss the small of his back.
"Best get those clothes back on, pet. I'm not the only one taking pictures now," she whispered, turning to see a small crowd of shocked and turned on people, some with their phones out.
"H...how long have they been there? How long have you known?" He gasped, turning with wide eyes and desperately pulling the tights up.
"I told you I heard footsteps and asked you if you wanted to stop, Arin. You knew what you were agreeing to didn't you?" She smiled, reaching to help him cover himself and straightening his clothes.
"Yes, Miss. I did." His face was a deep crimson as he averted his eyes from the onlookers. "I don't think I've ever cum that hard in my life," he added.  
She sighed happily, linking her arm with his and leading him away from the prying eyes. Her heart was pounding in her chest and every cell in her body seemed to be more alive than before.
"I would say that was a pretty sound experiment then, hmm? Now that you're Mine, and now that we both know what you are, there will be oh so much more to come."
Anna breezed past the small crowd of horny men and shocked women as if they weren't there. Some of them may have been familiar faces but in that moment she couldn't recognize anyone. Her attention was centered solely on the deep crimson of Arin's cheeks, and the erection in his pretty floral leggings that was already returning.
She had barely let him touch her all morning, yet her every nerve was tingling. They jogged back to her apartment in a comfortable silence, his eyes downcast and a small smile on his lips. She could hardly wait to have him nestled between her legs. The embarrassment in his eyes when she projected those pictures onto a larger screen would have her soaking wet for the rest of the day.