Third time around

Chris had been working hard recently on a major refurbishment of one of his restaurants, and Brian felt he had won a victory by persuading him to take a day off. They'd taken the bike out along the coastal road, stopped for a picnic and a pleasant walk, and it was all very nice.

Then Chris's cell rang, and Brian shook his head with mock disapproval. "No work today."

"It's Linus." Chris looked at the caller display, and picked up. "Hey, Linus?"

A short conversation later, Chris hung up and announced they were having dinner with Linus at the steakhouse. This wasn't exactly how Brian had envisaged the day going, but he just nodded. It was better them both having dinner with Linus than Chris having a snatched sandwich while overseeing workmen at the restaurant.

Linus was already at the steakhouse when they arrived. He was sitting in the prime table by the window, looking out at the ocean. They sat down, and Chris said easily, "Hey."

Linus turned his head toward them and said, "I went to Princeton Plainsboro yesterday."

Princeton Plainsboro? Brian's mind flew to the hospital, to House. Why would Linus be going to visit House? And then he saw Chris's face, frozen in alarm, and remembered Wilson. Crap. Wilson was Linus's doctor. Linus would be going to visit Wilson.

"Not good news. That damn cancer is back for a third attempt," Linus was blunt. "We caught it at an early stage again, and Wilson is cautiously optimistic, but he says no more radiation."

"Then what instead?" Brian queried. He hadn't been around during Linus's previous two struggles with cancer, but knew that each had been successfully combated with radiation therapy.

"This time it's surgery," Linus explained. "That prostate of mine has done enough damage. It's coming out."

Surgery. Brian pondered; that sounded...serious. Linus looked grave, and Chris was staring at the floor.

"Coming out is usually a positive thing," Brian quipped eventually, seeing that Chris was choked to the point where he couldn't actually speak.

"Indeed it is," Linus responded in kind, allowing a grin to crack open his lips. "But I'd have liked to hang onto my prostate, actually. It's been the bringer of much pleasure over the years. Oh well, these things are sent to try us."

"When does it happen?" Brian asked, trying to be practical and ask the things Chris surely wanted to know. "How long does it take?"

"Operation is scheduled for Thursday afternoon." Linus was brisk. Today was Monday. Linus carried on, "Wilson's expedited things most efficiently. I've spent today canceling everything else I was supposed to be doing over the next few weeks. I'll travel up to Princeton with Raul on Wednesday night." He hesitated. "The operation shouldn't take more than a few hours if there are no complications, but I'm likely to be in the hospital for a number of days. If you'd like to come too--"

"We'll be there," Chris cut in, and his voice was a little thick but otherwise perfectly controlled.

"That is very good of you," Linus's voice rang with gratitude. "I'm glad Raul will have some support. I do hate the idea of him waiting outside the operating room on his own."

Typical of Linus to express concern in terms of Raul, rather than any of his own fears. And speaking of Raul... "Where is he?" Brian asked.

"My darling Raul is currently scouring the Internet for information about prostate cancer surgery and recovery," Linus explained. "He took the news very well; I don't know what I'd do without him. He's a pillar of support, he really is."

Chris grunted. "He wasn't like that the first time around, was he?"

"Times change, Chris, times change." Linus stretched in his chair. And seeing Brian's inquisitive look, Linus went on, "The poor boy was so distressed. He was very young, and we had only been together for six months."

First time around

The night Linus broke the news that he had prostate cancer, Raul thought it was the end of the world.

"Cancer? Cancer?" Raul foresaw pain and agony and hospitals and death. "It can't be true! It can't!"

"I'm afraid so." Linus reached out a gentle hand, but Raul pulled away, unable to accept any comfort. He was all too aware that it should be him supporting Linus right now, not the other way around.

"What... how bad is it? What does it mean?"

Patiently, Linus explained the situation. It had been caught early. It would be treated with radiation therapy. Prospects were good. Raul started to calm down, until Linus mentioned he would be in a hospital in Princeton for the duration of the treatment. Maybe six to eight weeks.

"What?" The prospect of losing Linus for such a length of time was so appalling, Raul felt sick. He had only known Linus for six months, to lose him for two more... "In Princeton? Why? Where is Princeton?"

"It's a couple of hours drive from here. I know the Head of Oncology there, he's a, uh, friend of Chris's." Linus took a deep breath. "I don't want you to come with me. I want you to stay here and mind the house. I'll be back in no time."

"No! You can't leave me here on my own for two months!" Raul knew he'd become shrill and incoherent.

"You have a hospital phobia. I really cannot deal with that on top of everything else," Linus declared, and Raul practically burst into tears. He did have a hospital phobia.

The last time he'd tried to visit one, he'd been so sick with terror he hadn't even gotten inside the door. When he'd first moved in with Linus, Linus had been insistent that he needed a physical exam ("You were homeless and hustling on street corners!") but Raul was so adamant that Linus eventually found another solution, and arranged for a doctor to make a home visit. Raul had still been nervous, but the doctor Linus produced turned out to be female and Spanish, with a manner so exactly like one of Raul's elementary school teachers that Raul found himself meekly doing everything she told him.

"Chris is going to drive me there," Linus added, and Raul went into a positive sulk at the realization that Chris would get to see Linus in the hospital and he wouldn't.

"I could take you, so long as I didn't go inside—" Raul thought maybe he could cope with that.

"No, you can't drive me." Linus sounded exasperated. "You don't have a license!"

This was true. Raul could drive perfectly well, he'd learned off-road when young, but he didn't have a US driving license. He had been putting off getting one because he didn't want to take a test. Tests meant paperwork and bureaucracy and dealing with an authority figure.

"It'll be fine." Linus was soothing now. "Chris will keep an eye on you. Ziggy, too, so long as you don't run off and hide in a closet when he visits."

Raul winced. He'd been living with Linus for a week when Ziggy had first come calling: Raul had seen a newcomer in the hallway, an obvious cop with a gun on his hip and a scowl on his face, and fled upstairs to hide, convinced that the police had come to take him away. He'd since learned Ziggy was in fact a very amiable fellow, but Raul was still wary.

"I don't want anyone else to keep an eye on me." Raul was forlorn. "I want you."

"I'll be back in no time." Linus repeated.

Soon afterwards, Linus went away. The first night alone, Raul found himself building up to a point of near hysteria. He tried to watch TV, read books and calm down. Eventually, the adrenalin drained away to the point he could fall asleep as the sun rose.

Linus called most evenings and they spoke on the phone. Raul quickly learned it was best not to sound upset as it only made Linus upset, too. He learned to keep busy during the day, to spend time out on the fishing boats and try not to think about Linus suffering through radiation therapy.

Chris dropped by a few times, with brief news, brisk reassurances, and chunks of money which Linus seemed to think Raul would need. Raul found himself both desperately looking forward to these visits and yet finding them increasingly unbearable. Basically, Chris didn't take him seriously, and this started to upset Raul more and more.

Rationally, Raul knew that he was just the latest in a long line of young men from varied backgrounds whom Linus had brought home; but Linus never made him feel that, while Chris did. Raul also knew that he was different from all the others, and that Linus suspected as such, but Chris all too obviously didn't. Chris, with his occasional references to Linus's stray cats, clearly hardly expected Raul to be around the following day, let alone the next month or year. Or beyond.

"You have to take me to see him!" Raul found himself pleading one night.

"He doesn't want you to see him," Chris sounded like his patience was being sorely tried.

"Why not?" Raul was practically screaming now. "Why not?"

"Because you're too fucking high maintenance, that's why!" Chris shouted back, and Raul was rendered dumbstruck, utterly shocked.

"I'm sorry," Chris said immediately. But you are, was the unspoken follow-up that Raul heard.

After the initial upset wore off, Raul realized Chris was right; he was high-maintenance. And if Chris didn't take him seriously, and indeed Linus not as seriously as he would have liked, perhaps Raul had not given them enough reason to.

Raul had no faith in any higher being, but he sat beside the fire that night and vowed that if Linus came home, he would somehow learn to overcome his hospital phobia. And he would pass his test and get a driver's license.

Third time around

Chris, Brian and Linus stayed some time at the steakhouse, talking. They established that Chris and Brian would travel up to Princeton on Wednesday too, and stay in a hotel. Brian knew this would be very inconvenient for Chris's restaurant refurbishment work--the place was due to re-open the day after Linus's operation--but Chris didn't mention that, and Brian was careful not to, either.

As they talked, Brian took the opportunity to have a large T-bone for dinner. Linus picked at a steak salad, but Chris didn't eat anything at all. He sipped at whiskey instead, and gradually Brian saw him begin to relax, and after a while he started to josh around with Linus as if everything was fine.

When they'd finished eating, Linus invited them back to his place for a nightcap. Chris accepted immediately. Brian wasn't about to throw a monkey wrench in the works, but felt the need to remark, "But we shouldn't stay too late. We should let you get a good night's sleep."

"My dear Brian, I'm having surgery. I am not yet decrepit," Linus declared. "Anyway, Raul will kick you out if he thinks I need to rest."

"Like that time—" Chris began.

"Oh yes," Linus interrupted with a chuckle. "Just like that time."

Brian raised an inquisitive eyebrow.

"It was the second time I had radiation therapy," Linus explained. "Quite a few years after the first. Raul managed to get over his phobia, and was altogether more involved."

Second time around

The night Linus broke the news that the prostate cancer had returned, Raul knew it wasn't the end of the world. But it was still devastating.

One thing Raul was sure would be different; he would not be left alone this time. "If you're going back to Princeton, I'm coming with you." He was still a little shaky at the thought of being in proximity to doctors in white coats, medicine, needles, and hospital beds, but being in a hospital could not be as bad as being without Linus. He would stay close to hand. He would sleep on the floor next to Linus's bed, if necessary.

"I am going back for radiation therapy, but Wilson says it could be on an outpatient basis," Linus explained. "If you don't mind driving me back and forth two or three times a week, I could stay at home."

"Yes. Yes," Raul said fervently. Of course he didn't mind.

Thereupon a tough regime of two hour journeys to Princeton began, followed by interminable periods of time in hospital waiting rooms while Linus underwent treatment sessions, and exhausting two hour journeys back. From the start, Linus suffered every side effect in the book; fatigue, nausea, diarrhea. Sometimes he barely got out of bed between hospital trips. But however tough things got, Raul was glad to be involved with this part of Linus's life this time around.

Chris steered clear of any hospital visits, instead dropping by to see Linus at home on a regular basis. He turned up unexpectedly one evening when Linus was at a truly low ebb. They had just gotten back from Princeton after a journey that had started late and then taken an hour longer than usual following an earlier traffic accident. Linus had gotten home only to be promptly sick and go to bed.

"How's the big man?" Chris asked, heading towards the stairs.

"Not good." Raul stepped in front of Chris as they got to Linus's bedroom door. "You can't see him. He's not well enough."

"Just for a few minutes." Chris side-stepped.

"No." Raul put some steel in his voice and blocked the doorway. "You can't. It's too late. Come back tomorrow."

Chris stopped and stared at Raul. "He'd want to see me."

"Yes," Raul admitted. Linus was always happy to see Chris. "But you shouldn't. It will be bad for him."

"You're going to stop me?" Chris eyeballed him, and there was a distinct hint of menace to his stance.

Raul gulped. He was tall and strong, but so was Chris. "If I have to."

"You can fuck right off," Chris shouted, angry now, and gave Raul a hard push in the chest with the flat of his hand. Raul staggered backwards a little. Protective anger flared suddenly in his heart; he pulled back an arm, and landed a right hook squarely on Chris's left cheekbone.

Caught off-balance, Chris fell back, crashed against a wall, and slithered to the floor. He sat there for a minute, looking stunned--as much from surprise as from the blow--then hauled himself to his feet and walked towards the bedroom door, holding a hand up to the side of his face. Raul stood aside this time, and Chris went in.

Shock kept Raul standing where he was for a moment, then he found he was shaking from head to foot. What had he done? He had punched Chris, Chris, Linus's oldest and best friend in all the world!

Raul headed blindly downstairs to the liquor cabinet, and poured himself a brandy from a quivering hand. He sat down and tried to sip through a constricted throat.

Some ten minutes later, Chris appeared, sporting a swollen bruise on his cheek that already looked to be developing into the most marvelous black eye. Chris spotted the brandy bottle and wordlessly went to pour a glass for himself.

"I'm sorry," Raul stuttered.

"No, I'm sorry." Chris tipped back his head and downed the brandy in one. "You were right. He wasn't well enough to see me. I kept him awake and now he's over-excited and overtired… I should have listened to you."

Raul felt a rush of relief.

"He liked this." Chris indicated his swollen eye. "I may not hear the end of it for a while."

And this time Raul dared smile, and Chris smiled back.

It was curious, but when Raul looked back on it, he saw this event as a turning point; where Chris started to see him as a person in his own right, and not just as Linus's too-young twink boyfriend.

Third time around

Chris, Brian and Linus arrived back at Linus's house, and Chris and Linus headed for the living room, deep in conversation and reminiscing about old times. Brian wandered off in search of Raul, and found him sitting in the kitchen perched on a high stool, tapping at a laptop on an even higher surface.

"Hey." Brian wasn't quite sure what to do, how to behave. "Linus told us. It sucks, I'm sorry."

"Thank you, Brian, but it will be fine." Raul reached out and hit buttons to shut down the computer. "Dr. Wilson was very clear. The prognosis is good."

"It still sucks." Brian tried to sound sympathetic, supportive. "We'll travel up with you and stay in Princeton."

"That will be nice," Raul said with sincerity.

Brian hesitated, then dared ask, "Linus and Chris said you used to have a hospital phobia?"

"I did, Brian, I did." Raul stared at the laptop screen as it powered down. "Linus found a therapist who helped me deal with it. Relaxation techniques, helping me understand the bad things I was associating with hospitals. It was very obvious, really."

Brian waited.

"When I was fifteen years old, I watched my mother die." Raul sounded matter-of-fact, as if deliberately distancing himself from the words. "It took a long time. She had breast cancer, was in a lot of pain. She had very good care, actually, but the doctors could do nothing to cure her."

Brian grimaced, feeling even more helpless now than a minute ago.

"And then, I had no family left," Raul added. "I was alone in the world, too young."

"What about your father?" Brian regretted asking as soon as the words left his mouth.

"I lost my father when I was ten." Raul's voice was very quiet. "That was different. The police came and took him away one day, and I never saw him again. At least, not alive. I did see him when they brought his body back a month later."

Man. Brian had no words. He had never heard this before. He was sure Chris didn't know.

"The good thing," Raul went on, "was that with nothing and no one to stay for, I decided I had to get to the United States. So I did. And if I hadn't done that, I would have never met Linus."

He closed the laptop lid with a click. Brian noticed Raul's hand was trembling ever so slightly.

The molten lava of youth had hardened with time into granite. Raul was no longer the scared teen he'd been the first time around. But Brian could see very clearly that the swirling volcano underneath was still very much alive.

"Come and have a drink with the others," Brian said gently, and as Raul hopped down from the stool Brian threw an arm around his shoulders and held him tight.

END