Sam and Dean are perched on the edge of the couch: have been for the past ten minutes as they wait for Gordon’s go-ahead. Dean is playing with that wolf statue again, turning it over in his hands and staring at it like he expects the wolf to open its jaws and whisper the answers to all the questions he’s ever wanted to ask. He hasn’t looked at Sam since Sam finished laying the plan out for him, and Sam can’t tell if that’s because Dean is just nervous or if there’s something else bothering him.

Maybe the whole incest thing has finally registered and is making Dean uncomfortable. Or has Dean already been over that ground with himself and accepted it the way Sam has?

“Okay, spit it out,” Dean says abruptly, slanting a glance Sam’s way.

“Spit what out?”

“Whatever you’re angsting about.”

“I’m not angsting, I was just wondering—” If you were freaking out about us, is what Sam wants to say, but he chickens out at the last moment. “What’s with the statue?” he asks instead.

“This?” Dean sounds surprised, whether by the question or the realization that he’s holding it, Sam doesn’t know. He hefts the statue in one hand and his lips twist self-deprecatingly.

“Vincent gave it to me. For being a good boy.”

Suddenly Sam’s wishing he went with that incest question.

He shifts, trying to figure out what he’s supposed to say while simultaneously not thinking about all the ways Dean could have been a ‘good boy’ for Vincent. Then Gordon announces, “We’re in position.”

Concealing his relief at the interruption, Sam relays, “Gordon just radioed in: they’re ready.”

“Finally,” Dean snorts as he tosses the wolf statue back onto the coffee table with a thunk. It lands on its side and stares up at Sam balefully.

Sam shifts his gaze to the fireplace as he pushes the button on the microphone and says, “Okay, Ash. Take out the cameras and the infrared sensors.”

Ash’s response, when it comes, is garbled by the sound of chewing. “Going blind in three … two … one. Okay, you’re set.”

Sam waits for Gordon to respond and, after a minute of silence, pushes the button on his own microphone again. “Gordon? Do you copy?”

“Yeah, just a minute,” Gordon says, sounding distracted. In the background, Sam can hear two other voices raised in argument. He can’t make out what they’re talking about, but he’s pretty sure one of the voices belongs to Kubrick. Then the frequency is silent again.

“Well?” Dean asks, nudging Sam’s shoulder with his own.

Sam settles back against the couch and looks over at his brother. “They’re having some kind of argument.”

Dean’s eyebrows go up. “What the hell kind of operation are you running here, Sam? I thought you said you had everything worked out.”

“I do,” Sam insists, dragging a hand through his hair. “I don’t know what—”

“Kubrick’s gonna lead us in prayer,” Gordon’s voice announces suddenly, interrupting him. The man’s normally empty voice is filled with unconcealed scorn, and Sam lets out a surprised laugh.

“What?” Dean demands, looking cross.

“I think they were fighting about whether or not to pray,” Sam tells him, and then broadcasts, “Okay.”

Dean rolls his eyes and wonders aloud where Sam dug these morons up, but Sam isn’t paying any attention to his brother because Kubrick has started in with the Our Father. Suddenly, Sam feels even more anxious than before; his skin crawls with a strange, itching sensation just this side of painful. It doesn’t take a genius to put two and two together.

Sam is listening to a prayer he must have heard a million times before, and it’s like standing too close to a fire.

How long until it’ll be like standing in a fire? How long before holy water burns and salt lines become impassable boundaries? How long before his descent becomes irreversible, if it isn’t already?

It’s been obvious for some time that his power is expanding exponentially, although Sam has never felt the danger this clearly. It’s like the old story about the Persian king and the chessboard. Only instead of rice, Sam is doubling power, and the darkness in him is keeping pace.

“Hey!”

Dean’s finger jabs into Sam’s side, jerking him out of his thoughts. Even though he isn’t consciously listening to the words anymore, Kubrick’s prayer is still wrecking havoc on Sam’s body, and he doesn’t trust his voice. So he just glances over at his brother inquisitively.

“You okay, man?” Dean asks.

Damn it. That requires an answer. Slowly, Sam unglues his tongue from the roof of his mouth and says, “I’m fine.”

“Cause you’re sweating,” Dean presses, leaning over to lay his hand across Sam’s forehead. Sam has a sense memory of Dean doing the same thing when they were both younger: checking for fevers whenever Sam was sick, making sure that he never faked an illness so he could play hooky. The memory helps, and Sam settles a little despite the buzzing in his skin.

“Just nervous,” he says, and in the earpiece Kubrick intones, “—forever and ever, Amen.”

Amen, Sam thinks. He doesn’t know if anyone is listening to him, but as he meets his brother’s concerned eyes, he adds, Take care of him, okay? If I—if this goes wrong, just keep him safe. Give him some peace. He deserves that much from You.

“You feel a little hot,” Dean declares, frowning.

“I’m fine,” Sam tells him again. “Stop worrying.”

Dean still looks doubtful, but he starts to take his hand back. On impulse, Sam catches his brother's hand and brings it to his mouth. He presses a quick kiss to the inside of his brother’s wrist and then lets him go.

Dean laughs shakily as he puts his hand back on his thigh. “Dude, you’re totally the girl in this relationship.”

“I’m okay with that.” Sam grins at his brother and feels a warm rush of victory at the way Dean smiles and ducks his head: a little embarrassed, but mostly pleased. Verging on happy here, right now, in this one moment.

Guess that answers the freaking out question.

“Okay, we’re going in,” Gordon announces in his ear.

Sam doesn’t want to break the mood, but Gordon and his crew deserve to be acknowledged for the sacrifice they’re about to—albeit unwittingly—make.

“Roger that,” he says into the mike. “Good luck.”

“With God on our side, we don’t need luck,” Kubrick answers, and then there’s silence again. Sam waits to see if anyone else has anything to say and then decides that’s that last he’s going to hear from them until the shooting starts.

“They’re starting,” he says.

The slight smile on Dean’s face evaporates. “How long?”

“Ash is going to tell me when security radios in the first reports of an attack,” Sam answers. “We’ll wait a few more minutes to make sure that as many men as possible are on their way up, and then we’ll move.”

“Okay,” Dean says. He gets up and heads toward the other room and Sam drifts after him, unwilling to let his brother out of his sight this close to the starting line. “I want you to wait in the bedroom when I do this,” Dean tosses over his shoulder as he walks over to the dining room table.

Sam’s too keyed up to be anything more than mildly exasperated that Dean is, even now, trying to protect him. “I know how to handle myself, man.”

“I know that,” Dean agrees. He snags the wolf head choker off the tabletop and swings it in a short arc before catching it in his palm. “But they’re packing and you’re not, and I’m not carrying your heavy ass if you get yourself shot.”

Sam is actually armed with a weapon that’s far more effective than a gun, but he doesn’t want to have that discussion right now. If he has to use it, he’ll use it, and Dean can yell at him later.

“I’m not hiding in the bedroom while you take on ten armed men by yourself.”

Dean gives him a wry look and says, “What, you don’t think I can handle them?”

In Sam’s ear, Ash announces that he intercepted a transmission from one of the security checkpoints and Sam begins his internal countdown while saying, “I’ve seen you fight, man; I know you can handle them. But I’m doing this with you.”

Dean opens his mouth to protest and Sam adds, “Besides, you’ll probably have them all dropped in about five seconds. I won’t have a chance to get shot.”

Dean stares at him for a long moment and then mutters, “I’m not taking a bullet for you.”

Sam resists the urge to smile at the bald-faced lie. Keeping his expression as neutral as possible, he nods. “Fair enough.”

The earpiece comes alive again, filled with the pop-pop-pop of semi-automatic gunfire and yelling voices. “Kubrick’s down!” someone shouts. All of a sudden, Sam’s not having any difficulty recognizing Creedy’s voice. “It’s a fucking shooting gallery up here! I don’t know how long we can hold!”

It’s easier than it probably should be for Sam to press the button on his microphone and say, “We’re almost there; just need a few more minutes.”

There’s no response, but he doesn’t expect one. In two minutes, when they realize that Sam isn’t coming—when they realize they’ve been screwed—he figures he’ll hear plenty. If anyone’s left alive by then, that is.

Glancing at his watch, Sam chews on his lip. When he looks up again, he finds Dean watching him with a frown.

“We’re almost there, huh?” Dean says.

Sam resists the urge to groan. He told Dean the plan: told him about Gordon’s men and the distraction they’d be providing. But he hadn’t included the fact that he’d lied to get them to do it. Or the fact that they were almost certainly outmanned and outgunned.

Sam knew that Dean would figure those omissions out eventually. He was just hoping it would take his brother a little longer to piece it together.

“It’s already done,” he says. “You want to yell at me, yell later.”

Dean keeps staring at him with this horrible expression of understanding on his face. He’s looking at Sam like he hasn’t ever seen him before: like he doesn’t know who he is and doesn’t want to.

Sam’s resolve slips under the weight of that gaze and he adds, “I had to get you back.”

Dean purses his lips together, looking almost pained, and shakes his head. “Not like this.”

Sensing that this is going to blow up in his face—and at a time when they need to be focused on other things—Sam skips straight to the response that he knows will hit Dean hardest. “You have a life expectancy of at least a thousand years.”

Dean snorts. “Oh, come on. You don’t really expect me to buy that crap.”

“It’s true,” Sam insists. “Bela has a copy of Tyr’s Bible. She’s read it, and she’s the one who told me. Bonding with an animal spirit slows down the aging process.”

Dean still looks uncertain, but there’s a hint of acceptance in the way his eyes widen.

“I wasn’t going to leave you to that,” Sam continues, pressing his advantage. “I can’t. I won’t.” Before Dean can say anything, he adds, “And we have to move now if we’re going at all. They’re not going to last much longer up there.”

Determination makes the planes of Dean’s face harsh. “Okay,” he whispers. “Okay.” Opening his hand, he lets the silver wolf’s head slide between his thumb and forefinger and then looks up at Sam. “You ready?”

What Sam means to say is ‘yes’, but what comes out it, “That’s your panic button?”

“You didn’t think I’d wear something this lame without a reason, did you?” Dean asks, and then slides his thumb across the wolf’s jaw, pushing it out of alignment. “Thirty seconds.” His eyes are hooded again: expressionless as he looks at Sam.

How do you know? Sam wants to ask, but he doesn’t have time and he already knows the answer anyway. Dean knows how long it takes the guards to respond because at some point he had to use the thing for real. The rush of fury that bursts through Sam in the wake of that understanding has him turning and sprinting to conceal himself to the left of the door.

Dean is perfectly capable of taking out all ten of the men who are about to burst into the suite without so much as raising his heart rate, but Sam wants one of them. He needs one of them. Stretching his fingers with a slow roll of his knuckles, he leans against the wall and waits.

A few seconds later, the door slams open and a man charges inside with his gun out and the safety off. Sam has enough time to see that it isn’t Hank—which is a shame—and then he’s grabbing the man by the collar and hauling him sideways. He senses more than sees Dean dart past him and into the midst of his other ‘rescuers’. Distantly notes the sound of breaking bones and choked off shouts.

He shoves the sound of nine men dying to the back of his head and changes up his grip on the man he grabbed. Twisting the man’s right hand sharply, he makes him drop the gun and then slams his face into the wall. There’s a faint snap as the man’s nose breaks and he lets out a satisfying shout of pain. Sam can feel himself grinning as he twists the man’s hand again, getting another snap as his wrist breaks as well.

The dark power is surging inside of him, begging him to let it out for just a second—smash him, break him, paste his blood and bone against the wall—but Sam has no trouble resisting it. He wants this kill himself. With his own hands. Slow.

Then the man is being yanked out of his grip and tossed away. Vincent’s guard sails through the air and slams headfirst into the fireplace, where the final snap of his neck breaking is hidden by the louder crunch of his body impacting hard enough to crack the stonework.

Breath coming in short, hard bursts, Sam glares at his brother. “He was mine,” he growls.

Dean looks coolly back at him and says, “No.”

“No?” Sam repeats incredulously. They have more important things to be doing right now than arguing, but red rage is pounding in his head and he can’t help himself. Doesn’t really want to. “What the fuck is that supposed to mean?”

“It means ‘no’, Sam,” Dean shoots back. His voice is sharp but his face is still infuriatingly calm. “I’m not letting them do that to you. I’m not gonna let you kill people.”

“They’re not people, they’re—”

“They’re still human,” Dean says over him. “I’m not arguing with you about this. I get that you’re pissed off, man, but killing them isn’t going to make it better.”

“What, you can do it and I can’t?” Sam snaps.

“Yeah, that about sums it up.” Dean turns away—ultimatum delivered, conversation over—but rage is still heavy and metallic in Sam’s mouth.

Grabbing his brother’s shoulder, he says, “We’re not finished here, Dean.”

Dean doesn’t so much throw him against the wall as transport him there: one moment Sam is standing on his own two feet and the next he’s dangling off the ground with his shirt bunched in his brother’s hands and the wall at his back.

“You’re not a murderer, Sam,” Dean says. “You don’t kill people. You try it again and I’ll knock you out and carry you out of here on my own, you hear me?”

Sam senses that Dean means it, but he’s too angry to give up just yet. “You’re a fucking hypocrite,” he shouts. “You just—” The rest of his words are cut off as Dean slams him back. It’s probably a gentle push for Dean, but Sam knocks his head hard enough to be slightly dazed.

“I’m already damned, you asshole,” Dean snarls. “I’ve killed so many people over the last six months that a few more don’t matter, but you are not going down that path with me. You’re not.”

Dean’s a few seconds away from crying, Sam realizes, and the realization brings him back to his senses with a disorienting snap. It isn’t that he isn’t angry anymore, or that he agrees with his brother—he’s already responsible for the deaths of four men, after all—but he understands that this is something Dean doesn’t want to see in him. He doesn’t want his little brother tainted.

Between Gordon and his friends and the demonic power inside of him, Sam’s soul is already well past grey and verging on black, but Dean doesn’t know that. He doesn’t need to know.

“Okay,” Sam rasps. “Okay, I’m sorry, I won’t.”

“You promise me!” Dean insists, shaking him again.

“I promise,” Sam responds obediently. After all, it isn’t like a lie is going to tip the balance in comparison with everything else.

Dean searches his face intently, looking for any hint of insincerity. Sam’s control over his own expression must have gotten better because after a moment Dean nods and lowers him back to the ground. He looks slightly embarrassed, probably from the ferocity of his response, and he can’t meet Sam’s eyes as he smoothes down the collar of his shirt.

“Sorry,” he mumbles. “I don’t—I don’t want you to do that for me. It’s not worth it.”

Sam’s anger swells for a moment—Dean is worth it, damn it: he’s worth everything—and then subsides into a kind of weary resignation. He grabs the back of his brother’s neck and drags him in so that their foreheads are resting against each other. Breathes in the warm exhalation of Dean’s breath and reminds himself that he’s going to fix this: he’s going to fix Dean.

It’s at that moment that Gordon finally growls into Sam’s earpiece, “You dirty, double-crossing son of a whore.”

Sam’s eyes fly open and he finds Dean looking back at him with similar surprise. He must be close enough for his sharpened hearing to pick up Gordon’s voice through the earpiece.

There’s the sound of a gun going off—too close to be anything but Gordon himself firing—and Dean flinches.

“One day Dean’s gonna find out what you are,” Gordon continues, “and then he’s gonna put you down like a rabid dog.”

Sam goes cold as he wonders if Gordon knows or if he’s just talking about the fact that Sam sent him and the others in to die. There's no way of knowing, and Sam can’t ask for clarification because Gordon is still holding his end of the radio open. He can hear the man panting and the faint, rapid sound of shooting. Another series of echoing blasts as Gordon returns fire.

Then, surprisingly: “Everyone else is dead, and I’m gut shot, so if you have some other plan to get Dean out of here, you’d better use it fast.” Gordon pauses, and his breath is coming even more laboriously now: it sounds eerily like an obscene phone call. “I hope you rot in hell, Winchester.”

Sam stands there, frozen by the sudden silence in his ear, and stares into his brother’s eyes. Dean stares back, waiting. After a few seconds, Sam swallows thickly. His fingers feel numb as he reaches up to activate his microphone.

“Status report,” he says shakily. When he doesn’t get a response, he clears his throat and tries again, more firmly this time. “Ash, I need a status report.”

“They—they’re dead.” Ash sounds more shaken than Sam feels. He hangs out with hunters, so he must know that death is a fact of life, but Sam is willing to bet that this is the first time Ash has ever had any direct contact with it. “All of them, they’re—wait, Gordon’s still moving.”

He must be tapping into the security camera feed.

“He’s pulling something out of his pocket,” Ash narrates. “I can’t quite make it—Jesus Christ, he just—he just blew the entire corridor. He’s dead, they’re all dead, oh shit, oh fuck.”

“Take your finger off the fucking mike,” Dean mutters, shutting his eyes.

A second later, as if he somehow heard Dean’s order, Ash’s voice cuts off. Without looking, Dean reaches up and grabs Sam’s collar, bending the microphone toward his mouth.

“You gotta pull it together, okay?” he says, and it’s Dad’s voice. Calm and no-nonsense and authoritative. “Just take a deep breath and focus.”

It isn’t meant for Sam, but he finds himself calming instinctively anyway.

“D-Dean?” Ash stutters.

“Yeah, it’s me.”

“It’s—” Ash takes a shaky breath and when he speaks again he sounds more settled. “It’s good to hear your voice.”

Dean doesn’t bother trying to keep his surprised pleasure at hearing that off his face, but his voice is neutral when he says, “Yeah, well, if you wanna keep hearing it you’ve gotta tell us what’s going on up there.”

“Okay. Just—gimme a minute.” Ash sounds even more certain now: still stressed, but with a purpose—or maybe it’s just the fact that Dean is taking charge—he’s less freaked out. In a few seconds his voice is back, telling them, “Camargo’s locking down the building. Complete security shut down—sending Security Teams Beta through Lambda to look for any more intruders. Alpha’s orders are to secure the place floor by floor, starting from the top and working down.”

Dean releases Sam’s collar and steps back, shoulders tense. “His guys are good. We’ve gotta move fast.”

Squaring his jaw, Sam nods and steps out into the hallway. The nine guards that Dean took out lie scattered on the ground in surprisingly peaceful poses. If, that is, you ignore the fact that all of their necks are broken—some of their heads are twisted far enough around that they look like they were put on backwards.

It’s an incredibly efficient slaughter, and Sam can’t help but think that if the United States military ever found out about Dean they’d probably be even more eager to get their hands on him than Vincent was. Fuck, maybe they already know about him: Vincent isn’t exactly keeping him a secret.

“I made it quick,” Dean says defensively, misinterpreting Sam’s concerned expression.

“I know you did,” Sam answers, wondering if he can convince Dean to head to Alaska for a few decades.

That’s a problem for another day, though, so he pushes it out of his head and then crouches next to the nearest body. He strips the dead man of his gun and the magazine carrier attached to his belt and then moves on to the next corpse and does the same. He doesn’t want to use the telekinesis in front of Dean unless he has to.

When he straightens from outfitting himself, Dean is standing over one of his kills. He’s holding a Beretta in his hands and turning it over with slow, careful movements. His brows are drawn together, and he’s frowning. After a moment, he seems to feel Sam’s eyes on him and looks up.

“I remember this,” Dean says, ghosting his thumb over the barrel.

“Dean,” Sam starts. He isn’t sure what he’s going to say, though, and he’s glad when his brother cuts him off with a curt shake of his head.

“Later,” Dean tells him, flipping the safety on and tucking the Beretta into the waistband of his pants.

Sam has a feeling that all of these ‘laters’ they’re racking up are going come around and bite them in the ass at some point, but it isn’t like they have a choice. “You know how to get to the elevator?” he asks.

“Yeah,” Dean says, and sets off down the hallway at a brisk pace. He doesn’t seem to be taking any particular care to watch for approaching guards, but Sam supposes that with Dean’s sense of smell, they’ll know about any potential problems well in advance. Just in case, though, he keeps his own gun out and the safety off.

He hopes like hell that he’ll get a chance to use it.