James stepped out of the shower and toweled himself off. He was glad to be clean -- glad to be free of the juices of the woman -- Julia, or whatever her name was. It had been easy enough to catch her; she'd been giving him the eye the last few times he'd been to the village to get supplies. Now, he suspected, he'd have to find a different place to shop.

But it had been worth it to see the jealousy in Alec's eyes.

Now, though, it was time to switch tactics. He pulled on a clean pair of trousers, picked up a few towels, and walked back to Alec's room. Just inside the door, he picked up the bag of things he'd gotten in the village.

"Back so soon?" Alec asked. He raised an eyebrow at James's state of relative undress, but made no comment.

"I just needed a quick shower. And I remembered that you wanted to get cleaned up, too." He saw Alec's eyes light up. "It won't be a full shower, but -- "

"Anything." Alec's eyes were avid, like a junkie desperate for his next fix.

"Then let's waste no more time." He pulled out a shallow basin and lifted Alec's head so he could slide it underneath. Then he ran a pitcher of warm water, and poured it gently over his hair. He squeezed shampoo onto the palm of his hand, and began to massage it in.

After so many months without being washed, Alec's hair was thick with grease. It took four applications to get it clean; massaging it in slowly and then rinsing it out, cupping a hand carefully over his forehead to keep the soap from going into his eyes. By the second application, Alec had closed his eyes, relaxed into the touch.

James gave his hair a final rinse and then asked, "Better?"

"Much." Alec opened his eyes. "That doesn't mean you should stop."

"But then I wouldn't be able to get the rest of you." He leaned in close and raised Alec's head again -- pulled Alec's head close to his chest, so he could feel his warm breath on his bare skin. With his free hand, he reached for the plastic basin -- but before he could get a grip on the basin to set it aside, he felt Alec's hand on his arm. He fumbled the basin; it tilted and tumbled to the ground, splashing water on James's bare feet.

"Sorry," Alec murmured, and slid his hand up to James's shoulder. James looked down -- and saw that Alec didn't look sorry at all.

"Don't worry," James said, and picked up a washcloth. He dunked it in the pitcher, tilted Alec's head forward, and wiped down the back of his neck.

"Can't even raise my head," Alec murmured.

James slid his hand forward, to cup Alec's jawbone, and tilted his head back. Then, gently, washed his face and the front of his neck. He continued to hold Alec with one arm, while he slid the washcloth lower with the other.

"Please," Alec whispered.

"Patience." Deliberately casual, he slid the wet washcloth over Alec's nipple until he felt it harden, heard Alec gasp. Then he moved on, circling the washcloth lower. Alec's breath grew ragged, as he drew the washcloth along the top of the cast.

From here, there was only one place left to go. He knew it, Alec knew it -- and he could only imagine what was going through Alec's mind; desire, embarrassment ...

The better to let him think about it, James drew the washcloth back up. He fumbled for a towel and rubbed Alec's hair dry, and then took another one to put his head down on. He turned away, and let Alec's hand slide off his arm, nails scraping slightly as he grasped futilely for purchase.

"I ought to give you a manicure. Or maybe a pedicure. Paint your toenails. Maybe red ... ?" He picked up the washcloth again, and trailed it down to Alec's waist. Reached out to touch the cast, lay his hand over where an erection was almost certainly growing.

Alec moaned.

"Are you all right?" James asked. He could see anticipation and humiliation warring in Alec's eyes. He rested his hand on the cast for a little longer, drawing out the moment. He wanted Alec to beg for it. Alec bit his lip -- but said nothing.

"You look cold," James said. "Let's finish this later."

"Please ... " Alec whispered, in what might have been protest or assent. James chose to act as if were the latter; he picked up the blanket and draped it over Alec. He tucked the blanket in, and stood stroking Alec's damp hair until he fell asleep.