Bertie was silent in the car, but smiling. He squeezed Elizabeth’s hand.

“What did...”

He shook his head, indicating the driver with his chin. She lowered her voice.

“Did you talk to him?” Her husband shifted a bit on the seat. His shoulders wriggled. “Dear God.”

Bertie looked over at her, then dove at her, heedless of the driver and the windows that they both knew perfectly well couldn’t stop determined people from looking in.

“Sweetheart!”

Beneath her coat, his hand was on her breast, and his mouth was devouring her throat. He’d never kissed her like this in public, or even in their own rooms when there were maids nearby. A low, guttural groan burst from his throat.

“Darling, can’t you wait till we’re home?”

She felt him stop himself, breathless, so hard that she could feel it even through his coat and her dress. “If I must. It’s your fault, you know.”

“My fault!” She laughed a bit, trying to lean back to look at him. His tight embrace wouldn’t permit it. “Did you and Doctor Logue work on your tongue twisters?”

“A bit.” He kept his face hidden against her neck, beneath her hair. “And breathing exercises.”

Elizabeth laughed softly again, keeping her voice low. “And once again, those pleased you so greatly that you can’t wait to ravish me?”

He sat back, flushed, looking at her adoringly. “I can never wait. I never really could, but I was too shy to tell you.” She put a hand on his cheek; he pulled it away long enough to remove her glove, then, lowered his face to kiss it. “He has untied my tongue.”

“So I said, the other night.” It occurred to her that Bertie might want not to remember, but he nodded against her palm. She whispered, “You told him?”

"I didn't phrase it quite the way you did." Bertie laughed softly into her hand. "'Love' is a hard word -- I thought I'd stammer." Elizabeth felt her breath catch in her throat; Bertie had had trouble saying that word to her, too, though she'd thought it was an emotional rather than a physical hesitation. His kisses continued over her wrist and up her arm.

"What did you say?"

"That I wanted to kiss him. No -- actually I didn't say that." He placed an exuberant kiss on the inside of her elbow. "I just went ahead and did it."

Elizabeth felt her face growing warm. She tried to decide whether she was jealous. She didn't think so -- she begrudged Logue nothing, and she knew Bertie well enough to understand this had nothing to do with his feelings for her. "I hope you didn't shock the poor doctor," she sighed.

Bertie smiled up at her. "I'm afraid I did, but he didn't ask me to leave. He said 'I'll see you tomorrow, Bertie.'" The car lurched, sending him sprawling into her lap, making him laugh. "I don't imagine he'll let me do it every time I see him, but he didn't object."

Of course Lionel didn't object. Elizabeth had little doubt that he was just as much in love with Bertie as Bertie was with him. Nearly everyone Bertie knew held him somehow inferior to David -- even she had once hoped to catch the eye of the elder brother, before she'd been properly introduced to either, long before she'd understood that Bertie was a far better man than the Prince of Wales would ever be. But Logue was entirely devoted to Bertie and had little interest in his titles. Though Bertie complained on occasion that Lionel had too little respect for his position, it must have been a delightful novelty to know that someone in his life loved him entirely for himself.

Elizabeth smiled indulgently at her husband. "I'm glad you're happy," she said, meaning it with all her heart.

Bertie's grin turned naughty. His hand reached down, finding her leg, then began to work its way upward. "Let's go gathering healthy heather," he said, mangling the last two words, but his face was already burying itself in her lap as she gasped in mock outrage.

Their driver had nearly been dismissed when he'd made one of the maids pregnant. Bertie had saved both their jobs. They were utterly devoted to the Duke and Duchess, which was the only reason Elizabeth felt brave enough to tap on the window and ask if they might please be driven the long way through the park.