Summary: Carly meets with her son for the first time following their
wild and unexpected phone conversation several nights before. Carly
tries to avoid talking about it, but Stephen has another agenda in
mind.

Adults Only

laurenmom@writeme.com

Story: Carly Mom IV by LaurenMom (MF, no sex) (Mar 2008)

Carly awoke at 7 a.m., much later than usual for her. She was amazed
to find herself flat on her back, in the exact position in which she
fell asleep the night before, following her self-pleasure session.
Carly lay there taking in her environment and getting her bearings.
Her husband Paul was already up and gone to work. She remembered
trying to engage him in intimacy the night before when she was very
horny. But he was asleep before she could get a finger into his boxer
shorts.

She then remembered that as her pleasure built, she wanted something
inside her. She felt between her thighs and found the long plastic
dildo she had used in place of a real penis the night before.

Then, Carly remembered that she had not been able to put her son
Stephen out of her mind. And to her embarrassment, she realized that
she had spoken aloud, albeit very softly, fantasies about the things
he might to do to her. Even though she knew it was only a product of
her over-active sexual imagination, Carly still felt it had been
inappropriate for her to say those things, especially in bed next to
her sleeping husband. And even to think them, really. But above all,
Carly recalled the extreme orgasm she had amid all her naughtiness.

After rising and completing her morning routine, Carly headed for her
office. She had several things to address before her lunch meeting
with Stephen. She still held out hope he would cancel, so she wouldn't
have to revisit the strange phone conversation when Stephen was in New
Orleans, nor even consider the possibility that he would ever find out
that she got titillated recalling the conversation while she herself
masturbated the night before.

However, Stephen showed-up right on time for their lunch date. Carly
thought her son seemed completely normal and she sensed no tension or
weirdness from him. She hoped that her theory was right, that
Stephen's call was the result of his loneliness, the distance he was
from home and the alcohol he had consumed. The two spent more than
half an hour discussing the deals Stephen was involved in. Carly also
briefed her son on a few of her own situations. Stephen was a lawyer
specializing in real estate law and at times Carly employed his firm
and him personally to help negotiate and draw-up contracts. She felt
very comfortable keeping their conversation in this realm. She thought
she was going to get away without discussing much if anything of a
personal nature. She soon found out she was wrong.

"Mom," Stephen began, "I've been wanting to talk with you about the
other night."

"Oh shit," Carly said silently to herself. "I thought I was going to
avoid this." Then aloud, "What do you mean, Stephen?"

"Mom," Stephen said again. "I was drunk, but I wasn't unconscious. I
know I called you and I know what I did. I just want to apologize. I
should never have done that." Carly felt relieved. She had no idea
what her son might say. But an apology and a dose of regret she could
deal with.

"Oh, Honey," she said. "That's o.k. I'll admit I was a little shocked
and I didn't know what to say. But I just figured you were so lonely
and you missed Paige and you were far from home. I totally understand"

"Wow," Stephen said. "You're being so nice about it. I thought you'd
want to kill me."

"Stephen," she replied, "I could never do that. I'd have someone else
do it." She smiled sweetly and her son had to assess her look briefly
to make sure she was kidding, then both laughed.

"Well, they do call you 'Killer Carly'," Stephen said.

"That's for how I do business, not for my leisure pursuits," she said,
smiling broadly.

"But seriously, Mom," he said, "I was really out of my head. I'm sorry
if I embarrassed you."

"Really, Honey," Carly said, "Don't worry about it. I understand. I've
barely given it another thought." Carly instantly thought of herself
as a big fat liar.

"Well, thanks a lot," Stephen said. Carly wondered if he meant for
being so understanding, or about her talking to him while he
masturbated. "Nothing has changed with Paige, by the way. She was
sound asleep when I got home. I actually tried to cuddle with her and
touch her in bed, but she didn't budge.

"How incredibly ironic," Carly thought. "That sounds just like what
happened in my bed. I wonder if he took care of business like I did.
Stop it, Carly!"

"So, I had to take care of myself, again," Stephen said matter-of-
factly. Carly stared at him.

"Stephen," she said. "Why are you talking about that again?"

"I thought you didn't mind," Stephen replied. "It just feels so
natural to talk about everything with you, Mom."

"Oh, Stephen," Carly said with a sigh. "I don't know what I'm going to
do with you. You really need to find some outlet, Sweetheart. You
know...there are, services you can call, to talk about those things."

"Are you suggesting phone sex?" Stephen said, surprised at his
mother's openness.

"Well, it's an option," Carly replied. "I think a lot of people do
it."

"I've done it, Mom," he said.

"You have?" she asked. "And?"

"I don't know," Stephen replied. "It was o.k. You know, this really is
hard for you to understand. You've been married to Dad for 28 years.
You've never had to worry about your partner ignoring your needs, to
care for someone and want them so much, but not have that passion
returned." Stephen had no idea he had hit a nerve with his mother.

"And just how do you know that?" she asked indignantly. "What do you
know about what goes on in my marriage and my bedroom, Stephen? You
don't know a thing. You think you have it hard? You think you're
lonely? Try logging as many lonely nights as I have, for years, and
then we'll talk." Her son stared, wondering what he had said or done
to trigger such strong feelings. "Oh, Stephen, I'm so sorry. I didn't
mean to say all those things to you. I didn't mean that what you're
experiencing isn't hugely important to you and very painful. Please
accept my apology."

"It's o.k., Mom," Stephen replied. "But..." He searched for words to
say. "Mom, I had no idea. How long has it been that way with you and
Dad?"

"Honey," Carly began. "Your father is a really good man. He's smart,
accomplished, successful. He's cheered me on and helped me to find my
own path to success. I do care very deeply for him. Please understand
that."

"But still, it sounds like things aren't that great in some ways,"
Stephen said. "What does that mean about your relationship?"

"It means," Carly began, "That we get along a lot better outside the
bedroom than in it."

"For how long, Mom?" he asked.

"For many, many years, Sweetie," Carly replied.

"I had no idea," Stephen said. "I'm really sorry, Mom. Does Dad know
you feel this way?"

"Stephen," she said, "I've talked circles around him more times than I
can count. It's just not in him, I guess. I still wish it were
different, but overall I accepted it years ago. I just have a really
strong sex drive and he has almost none." Carly paused, wishing she
hadn't said that so explicitly.

"But how have you survived that, Mom?" Stephen asked. "How did you
make it work? I need to know."

"I don't know if I should talk to you about this, Stephen," she said.

"Mom," he replied, "You know what's going on in my relationship with
Paige. How did you do did it for all those years? I really do think it
might help me."

"What can I say?" she replied, letting out another sigh. "I've done
what I had to do over the years. You just find a way to get what you
need."

"But, you couldn't get it from Dad?" he asked. She shook her head.
"So, what?"

"Stephen," Carly said, "Are you sure you want to hear about this?"

"Totally," he assured her.

"I've been very discreet," she said. "I travel, I meet people here and
there. I interact with some people I trust, some who are in the same
boat as me. I'm careful. I don't do it that often. I'm very selective.
And I supplement with various other things." Stephen stared at his
mother in disbelief.

"You've been with other people?" he asked incredulously. "Mom, how
often?"

"I don't keep a schedule, Stephen," she replied. "Just when the timing
feels right. When I encounter someone who's on the same wavelength.
When I'm in a place where I'm not worried about being seen. I really
hope you won't think too poorly of me. I tried. I really tried with
your father."

"I believe you, Mom," Stephen said reassuringly. He paused to take-in
what his mother had just told him. "Does Dad know?"

"I'm sure he suspects it strongly," she replied. "But it's not
something he's even comfortable talking about, since it would put the
focus back on the problems he's chosen not to deal with in our
relationship." Stephen nodded.

"Uh, Mom?" Stephen began. "Um...what did you mean by, 'various other
things'?"

"Oh," she said, "That. Well, what I suggested to you. Phone
conversations, some Internet chat. Uh...I do have a drawer full of
toys that are my closest personal associates." She smiled again,
looking for approval or understanding. But Stephen once again just
stared, wide-eyed at his mother.

"You've done those things?" he asked, again amazed. Carly nodded.
"Holy shit, Mom! You do know how I feel. Probably better than I do.
I've done all those things too. Well, not really the toys." He now
returned her smile. She nodded again, looking her son directly in the
eyes.

"I've devoted myself to work, especially so since you kids have been
out of the house," she said. "And I've done pretty well."

"Pretty well?" Stephen scoffed. "'Killer Carly,' the shaker and deal
maker? I think you've done more than pretty well, Mom. How many
business magazines have you been written-up in? How many covers have
you been on?"

"Hell if I know," she replied. "I lost track of all that ages ago. I
just love the work, I'm decent at it and that's it. It keeps me
focused, most of the time. And for the other times, when things build-
up inside me, I usually find ways to get my needs met, like I said."

"So, um," he began, "Do you think I should have an affair?"

"Stephen," Carly replied, "I would never encourage you to be
unfaithful to Paige. Despite how my life has turned out, I really hope
you'll stay with her and that you can work it out. I really do like
her a lot, regardless of how she seems to have gotten off track
lately. There's something up with her, we just need to figure out what
it is." She paused. "But, there's no reason you can't partake in,
'various things.' There are quite a few options in that arena."

"I guess that's what I was doing when I called you from New Orleans,"
he said, smiling.

"Well, Honey," Carly said, "I didn't say you should participate in
those various things with your mother!" Stephen now paused, clearly
thinking about something. "What's on your mind, Stephen?"

"I'm just thinking about something, Mom," he replied. "You know, if
you're that much in need of it, like I am, maybe that's why you
weren't all that pissed at my phone antics."

"What are you talking about?" Carly asked.

"Well," he said, "When I woke up the next morning, I thought you'd be
calling to give me a ton of crap. Or that you would have called me in
the last few days to do it. Or at least send me an angry email. Then I
expected that when I saw you here, you were going to lose it."

"I found that I was a lot more calm and understanding about it than I
thought I would be also," she said. "So? What's your point?"

"My point," Stephen replied, "Is that I'm wondering if it wasn't all
that bad for you. If you maybe even enjoyed it a little." Carly tried
her best to look shocked, to hide the fact that she had thought so
much about the incident and even fantasized about it the night before.
But she didn't think she pulled off her hiding act very well. Still,
she tried to put on a good show.

"Stephen!" she exclaimed. "You called me and asked me to talk to you
while you masturbated!" Carly intentionally lowered her voice, even
though there was no one sitting near their corner table. "I'm your
mother!"

"I know you're my mother," Stephen said. "You're apparently my lonely
and horny mother."

"You better get over yourself, Stephen," Carly snapped. "You don't
know what you're talking about. It's ridiculous. Enjoy it? My son
jerking off on the phone and asking me to talk to him about it? It's
outrageous. I wasn't pissed at the time, but I'm getting that way
now." Carly was trying to look stern and angry. Yet she wondered if
she was really that transparent to her son. "Could he really see
through me like that?" she thought to herself. "Can he sense that I've
been thinking about nothing but our conversation for three days?"

"O.K., Mom," Stephen said. "Sorry again if I offended you. Let's drop
it, o.k.?" Carly breathed another sigh of relief, feeling very
thankful that her son was finally going to move off this topic. "By
the way, I need to run by the bank and get a few deeds out of the safe
deposit box. You wanna go there with me before you go back to the
office?"

"Sure," she said. "That would be fine." Carly was actually delighted
to be off the topic they had been discussing and she was very ready
for a change of scenery.

To Be Continued...

laurenmom@writeme.com