Joseph's show was on its ninety-ninth episode when he heard he was going to be fired at the end of the season.

He tried not to gulp. He tried not to show just how far and how fast his heart had sunk. It beat dejectedly against the toe of his shoe, and he just looked at Joss. "But, why?" he asked. (He'd tried not to do that, too, but really, there was only so much a guy could not do.)

"Because it'll really tear Harris up if his partner dies," Joss replied with a gleam in his eye Joseph had seen on a regular basis for the last four years, and usually gave him a pool of excitement at the pit of his stomach. Today, all he could muster up was a vague sense of dread. "And I'm a sadistic bastard," he added, patting Joseph affectionately on the shoulder.

Joseph blinked, and his heart made its way up from his shoes. "It's because I'm the handsomest, isn't it?" he asked with a bold attempt at a grin. Joss laughed.

"We can't have you upstaging the star of my show any more, Joseph, I'm sorry." Joseph even laughed at that, and of course it was right then that Nathan walked into the office. Without knocking. (Of course.)

"You finally getting rid of this handsome son of a bitch?" he asked, slinging an arm around Joseph's chair, leaning down to say into his ear, "Four years you've been making me look bad, all toned and buff. Now I get to be the good-looking one."

Joseph laughed outright at that. "Yeah, dream on, Fillion. I may be headed for a fantastic movie career, but I'll always be handsomer than you."

Nathan landed a smacking kiss on his cheek and dropped to one knee. "Then go with me to Prom. You know I've been dying to ask."

"Alright, but don't wear pink. I'm planning on an orange corsage and you wouldn't want it to clash." Joseph kissed Nathan's nose and stood up. "Thanks for letting me know, Joss. I'll see you guys tomorrow."

Nathan blew him a kiss as Joseph left, and he blew one to each of them back. Joss was sitting behind his desk, racking with silent giggles.

"Hey," he almost bumped into someone in the corridor.

"Oh – sorry, Dom." Joseph reeled back for a second.

"You okay? You look a little…" Dom trailed off.

"No, yeah, I'm fine. They're, uh, they're killing me off."

"Oh. Sorry." Dom offered a clumsy gesture, half an extension of a hand, snatched back.

"Just, never thought it'd happen, you know? Always thought, fan favourite, they won't off him, right?"

"That's what they said about Charlie," Dom shrugged. "But hey, I got a spectacular ending."

"True," Joseph nodded. "Joss hasn't given me the script yet, but it's likely to be something big, right?"

"Right. Hey, I wonder if I'll be the one to do it. Joss wanted to talk to me about bringing me in to guest again later, and, you know, would be cool to be killed by your brother, yeah?"

Joseph tilted his head, thinking about that. "Hey, that would be cool. Man, Nathan'd hate your guts."

"Yeah." Dom grinned. "Maybe he'd kill me, something with explosions. Like maybe blow up headquarters with me inside."

"After Amber's fallen in love with you, so she hates Nathan for killing you."

"We should be writing this show."

"We really should. Anyway, I'm off home, so I'll see you tomorrow, and let me know what Joss says, yeah?"

"Okay, yeah. See you tomorrow."

"Oh – and Billy's visiting, right?"

Joseph watched Dom's entire face light up. "Yeah, yeah he is."

"How long for?"

"Another month or two, however fucking long it takes the film to get out of pre-production."

"Tyler's getting back in a few weeks, we should do something again."

"Yeah, we should." Dom smiled at him and disappeared into Joss's office. Before the door closed, Joseph heard him say, "Please, save that for after office hours."

Joseph drove home, windows pulled up against the smog, and tried Tyler's phone. It went straight to voicemail, and he sighed. "Tyler, it's me. I just wanted to – Zack's going to be killed off at the end of this season. So, I'm going to be out of a job and, Joss was really nice about it but I just, I'm going to miss those guys. And, I miss you, and hey, maybe I can come out on tour with you a bit after this season. That'll be good. Anyway. Call me when you get this, okay? I love you."

Jason and Percy were home when Joseph got in, throwing his jacket over the nearest chair and going straight for the freezer. "Hey." Ryan was in the kitchen, sitting at the counter highlighting Dick's lines in his script. "You okay?"

Joseph slumped into a chair next to him, digging a spoon into a tub of ice cream. "Dude, I am eating chick food and couldn't get hold of my boyfriend, I am not okay."

"You are nothing if not honest," Jason called in from the games room. He appeared in the doorframe, pool cue in hand. "What's up?"

"Got fired," Joseph said around a mouthful of chocolate chips and this was fucking good chick food, someone's girlfriend must have stocked up. Most likely Percy's.

"Shit," Ryan sympathised.

"Did he say why?" Percy had joined Jason at the door.

"Because Joss Whedon is a sadistic bastard and he said if Zack died it'd really cut Harris up. Personally, I think he likes making Nathan cry."

"Well, isn't that a fucked up relationship," Percy raised an eyebrow. "They'll need marriage counselling before this is over."

Jason thwacked Percy's pool cue with his own. "Ass," he said. He turned to Joseph before Percy could retaliate. "Why don't you call Jared, see if you can get a guest spot on their show? Everyone else on yours has."

Not everyone, Joseph opened his mouth to say, but shrugged instead. There had been so many jokes about the show being full of Supernatural's cast-offs it had become almost an accepted thing that the two casts had a majority cross-over. "He doesn't die until the end of this season. And I was thinking of going on tour with Tyler for a bit after that, let the dust settle."

"Couldn't hurt, though, right?" Jason smiled, which made it seem less like he was prodding a loose tooth. Joseph shrugged again, but nodded with it.

He called Jared between spoonfuls of whatever flavour the hell this ice cream was – all he knew was it had chocolate and syrup and chunks and some other stuff and it was good – and Jared sounded like he was chewing when he answered.

"You eating, man?"

"Joseph! Hello to you too, and yes I am." Joseph could never quite get over just how Texan Jared sounded when he wasn't being Sam. "The lovely girls took my makeup off and now I'm waiting for Jensen. With candy. What's up?" Chew, chew, swallow.

It was like a light switch had flipped on. Joseph instantly started to feel better. "You guys not finished for the day yet?"

"Location work, my friend. Good job it's not winter yet. So what's going on in good ol' LA?" Chew.

"I heard today my character's being killed off this season. I was wondering if there were any guest spots on your show I could go up for."

"That's tough, man. I'll ask Eric, I have no idea what's going on." Chew, chew. Pause. Giggle. "Sorry, it's just, Jensen's throwing cotton wads at me."

Joseph laughed. "Why?"

"Maybe 'cause I threw liquorice at him?" Jared hazarded. "Um, anyway, I'll put in a good word for you. You do good stuffy British, right? I mean, you're from there, and we haven't had any good stuffy scholars for the occult expo scenes yet. I swear I heard Eric say something about that last week. Did you, Jen?"

"What?" Joseph heard Jensen's voice, nearer than he'd have expected. "Who're you talking to, is that Joseph?"

"Yeah. What tipped you off to that, when I said his name?" There was the sound of a hand hitting denim, and Jared laughed.

"Jensen's makeup off, I take it?" Joseph asked.

"Yeah, wanna talk to him?" Jared's voice, then, muffled, saying, "He just heard he's being killed off at the end of this season, wants to know if there's a guest spot for him here."

"Of course, man, we'll make it happen," Jensen said, louder with every syllable, until Joseph was sure he had the phone to his ear. "Hey Joseph, sorry about the job thing. But yeah, like Jared said, Eric might be looking for someone young to do good stuffy British. You do that, right?"

"Of course, dear boy," Joseph polished his accent up. Seven years in Hollywood had softened it somewhat, but when he caught himself Americanising his vowels too much he listened to a lot of Stephen Fry recordings and read Wodehouse. Jensen laughed.

"Perfect. I'll talk to Eric, okay?"

"Thanks, man." Joseph heard every corner of the syllables fill with relief.

"Don't mention it." There was a muffled sound that resembled a squeak and a laugh. "What friends are for, right?"

"Right. I owe you one, and what the hell is going on over there, it sounds like you're smothering Jared or something."

"He stole my candy," Jared's voice was almost drowned out by Jensen's laughter.

"You're five years old, you know that?" Joseph could easily picture Jensen holding the phone in one hand and Jared's box of candy in the other, above his head. He must be pinning Jared somehow.

"If he's five, I don't know what that makes you," Joseph laughed.

"Hey, hey, let's not start name-calling, okay? I'm saving your ass here."

"Jensen, give it!"

"You have to ask for it nicer than that, Jared."

Joseph could almost hear the shit-eating grin and quirk of the eyebrows. "Jen, you can carry on the foreplay with your boyfriend after I have hung up, okay?"

"Oh, you like it, Joe," Jensen giggled, muffled sounds of shifting and what was probably flailing on Jared's part before the unmistakable sound of two sets of lips meeting and parting. "Okay, uh, listen, Joseph, I'll talk to you later, okay? I have a boyfriend to make out with."

"Have fun." Joseph rolled his eyes and hung up. Jason passed by the door, and Joseph said, "Why do conversations with those guys always end with them making out and me hanging up?"

"Because they're still in the honeymoon phase," Jason replied.

"Can three years be counted as a honeymoon phase?" Joseph tapped his chin with his spoon.

"All right, because they're horny motherfuckers," Jason shrugged. "Chad's coming over later, we were thinking of hitting a party or two. Muhney should be home soon. Want to come?"

"Better not. I have work tomorrow, and now I'm on borrowed time, et cetera. Want to leave on a high."

"Get good references? 'Joseph Fields worked hard, even to the last'?"

"You make it sound like I'm dying. Thanks."

"Well, Zack is." Joseph's phone rang, and Jason waved and called up the stairs, "Percy, Ryan, want to crash some parties with me and Chad? And maybe Michael?" Joseph read the display on his phone and opened the patio door, sliding it closed after him.

The night air was cool. "Tyler?" he answered. The screen on his phone was alight, and he heard the dog next door barking.

"I got your message," Tyler's voice, fuck knows how far away, and Joseph sank to the wooden slats of the back porch. "You okay?"

"Yeah, I'm. I called Jared and Jensen, they said they'd get me a guest spot on their show. Was thinking maybe of coming with you after that, for a bit."

"Good plan." Tyler paused. "I miss you."

"You too." Joseph picked at his jeans and wished he'd brought his ice cream out here. "So, hey, how's the tour going?"

"I'm ready to kill Luke, one of Tony's guitar strings broke on stage last night, and Nick and Tyson keep having sex in their bus so Mike and Chris have been in ours a lot. So pretty normal, really."

Joseph closed his eyes and leaned back against the glass door. "Sounds good. Where are you now?"

"Europe. I think … Belgium, but it could be Austria. All I can see out the window right now are stars." Tyler paused, his voice sounding as if he was stretching his neck for a better view. "Pretty," he concluded.

"Can't see any stars here." Joseph looked up at the sky. "Smog and lights and all that. Nothing shines."

"Joey, you're getting maudlin on me. You really okay?"

Maybe it was the pause that gave him away. "I just wish you weren't in Europe, that's all."

"Get your arse next door, Joe, and tell Pete I sent you. Okay? I'll be back in three weeks, don't turn into a girl on me now. I'll lose my gay cred."

Joseph snorted. "Wouldn't want Hollywood's golden gay couple turning into some boring straight couple."

"Exactly. One of these days maybe I'll convince Nick fucking Wheeler to come out, but if you turn into a girl I think my argument will become flawed."

There was a pause as Joseph started laughing. "Tyson got drunk and asked you for a threesome again, didn't he?"

"About half an hour ago. I don't know, man, I think he means it."

"Yeah, but does Nick? And what about me?" Joseph pouted, not that there was anyone to see it. He was pretty sure Tyler would know anyway.

"Stop pouting, he said foursome this time."

"That would be … interesting." Joseph paused, biting the inside of his lip. "How would that even work?"

Tyler stopped. "This is a conversation we should be having in person, Joe. It sounds like you're thinking about it."

"Well … haven't you? Thought about it?" Joseph squeezed his eyes shut and regretted the ice cream. He felt heavy, and somehow folded wrongly.

"Um."

Joseph's eyes opened. "I knew it, you totally have. I bet you wanked about it."

Tyler's laugh was sudden and abrupt. "It is so weird to hear someone saying 'wanked' instead of 'jerked off'."

"Yeah. We hang out with too many Americans."

"Hell, wasn't that the point of moving to LA?"

"I thought the point was so I could be an actor and you could find a band and make it big." Joseph laughed. "Lucky ones, that's what we are. Fucking lucky."

"I'm tempted to say something like 'I was lucky before we ever moved to LA', but then we'd be a lesbian couple."

"Hey, at least we'd still have gay cred." And how do you do this? He let his eyelids close slowly, a smile making its way across his mouth. You always make it better.

"Yeah, but then that foursome would be off the cards." Tyler paused, and when he spoke again, his breath ghosted around the phone. Joseph pictured him holding the mouthpiece closer. "And yeah, maybe I've thought about it. Maybe even wanked off to it a couple of times."

"Maybe I have too." And Joseph thought, I am so fucking lucky. So fucking lucky. "How do you think Nick feels?"

"Well, I – he's never, uh, exactly contradicted Tyson on it, so, I don't know. Maybe, uh, maybe I'll ask him." A pause. "When he's not having drunken sex with his boyfriend in the next hotel room. I can hear the headboard banging against the wall."

Joseph laughed. "Can you just, can you imagine it? Me, and you, and Tyson, and Nick." He flashed up the mental image that had made him come three nights previously. "We'd need a big bed. I don't even – what about the logistics of it?"

"Hey, isn't Ryan staying over at Pete's?" Tyler asked, suddenly. Joseph's eyes popped open, brow creased.

"What? No, he's out with Jason and Percy and Chad. And Michael. Or he will be, soon."

"Wh- oh, no, not Hansen, Ross, Ryan Ross."

"Oh! Right. Um, yeah, I think so. Why, do you – hey, I think Jon's here, too."

"And," Tyler prompted, "who do we know who knows a lot about four guys having sex?"

Joseph dropped his forehead into his palm. "Why didn't I think of that?"

"Head full of me and Nick and what my mouth could do to him? It'd be difficult to think, with that image there."

"…It is now, dickface."

"How Freudian. Look, I'll talk to Nick and Tyson, you go over and talk to Ryan and Jon, okay? And I'll call you tomorrow, when it isn't ass o'clock in the morning, and my god I need to get home and stop sounding like a fucking American."

"I don't know." Joseph's voice dropped a little lower. "I kind of like you sounding like a fucking American."

"You want me to talk dirty to you in Yank next time we have phone sex? You're a sick, sick bastard, Joseph Fields."

"Yeah, but you love me," Joseph winked, and Tyler laughed like he'd seen it. "Right, I'm going to see a man about an orgy."

"And I," Tyler yawned, "am going to sleep."

"You're getting old."

"Shut up."

"Soon you'll need a sponsorship deal from Stannah just to have sex with me. When I come on tour with you, shares will go through the roof."

"Have you quite finished?"

"Would you prefer a cane or a zimmer? I bet you could just zip along on those frames."

"Hang up the fucking phone, Fields." Tyler laughed.

"I love you too, D-man."

"I told you when we were sixteen to stop calling me that, and I am not afraid to cut you off for it."

"Old man."

"Bitch."

"Wanker."

"Whore."

"Asshole."

"Fucker."

"I notice how your insults for me are not particularly masculine. Dickwad."

"Lesbian."

"Fuck you too, Tyler."

"Yeah, yeah, in three weeks, Joseph."

Joseph paused, weak from silent laughter. "Three weeks is a long time."

"We'll survive. Now get your ass over to Pete's and let me masturbate and not fall asleep on stage tomorrow." Tyler's voice softened around the edges. "'Night, Joseph."

"Yeah. 'Night, Tyler."

Joseph hung up, and let himself feel the spaces in the air next to him where Tyler should have been. It took them three seconds to dissipate, after which Joseph stood up, opened the door he'd been leaning against, and called into the house, "I'm going over to Pete's, okay?"

"See you later," Percy called back from somewhere nearby. Probably the games room.

"Yeah, see you," Michael called. "And I'm sorry about the job."

"Me too," Chad yelled.

"Thanks," Joseph called back. He shut the door and crossed the lawns.

When Tyler had bought the house next to his label boss's, Joseph might have been suspicious of how welcome they'd be there. He had, however, met Pete, and had stayed in his house with Tyler before, so his air of Come One, Come All, To The House Where There Are Always Boys, Most Of Whom Wear Eyeliner Daily And Without Irony was no longer surprising. He knocked on the back door and was instantly pulled inside by an eager Travis.

"Joseph, Joseph, you have to come hear this." Travis giggled, and Joseph caught a whiff of his breath and almost choked.

"How much pot have you smoked, Travie?" he asked, waving a hand in front of his face.

Travis rolled his eyes. "Not as much as Joe, come on. He's got this genius theory, you have to hear it."

"Joseph!" Joe's eyes lit up when Travis steered him into the room containing a very stoned Joe, Gabe and William. Pete sat on the floor, his back against the sofa, Ryan sitting on it above him with crossed legs, leaning over to knead Pete's shoulders. "People who are called Joseph," Joe announced, "are awesome. Isn't that right, Joseph?"

"Yes it is," he replied, settling into the free seat next to Ryan. "Travis tells me you have a theory, O Wise Joe."

Joe giggled. "O Wise Joe," he repeated under his breath, looking as if someone had just handed him a vintage Fender for Christmas and told him he could play with it straight away. "Yeah, yeah, okay, I have this theory, right, that they put something in the water here that turns everybody gay. I mean, like, this street, or neighbourhood, or whatever." He began counting on his fingers. "You and Tyler. Pete. Ryan, everyone. That – that Dom guy you work with, plays your brother, right? Him. Those guys up in Canada, J somethings. Everyone." He gave up trying to count and just pointed vaguely at Joseph instead.

"Yeah, but me and Tyler were gay before we came here, and Pete's from Chicago, and Dom's only gay for Billy and that started in New Zealand and nobody else in my house is gay."

Gabe squinted at him. "You mean Daggs and Dohring aren't fucking?"

"Shocking as it is to both of us, no."

"Have you tried asking?" Pete spoke up. Joseph leaned over to raise an eyebrow at him.

"Ask two of my best friends to fuck? Um, no."

"Works for me," William shrugged.

"Yes, Bill, but you're – you're William Beckett. A lot of things work for you that don't work for anyone else," Joseph pointed out.

"Like bending in ways I've never seen," Pete agreed.

"Like having hips like a girl," Gabe patted them fondly.

"That works pretty good for Spencer too," Joe pointed out. "What?" he said, seeing Ryan's face. "What, I noticed, what."

Ryan rolled his eyes. "Like practically humping Travis on stage. All summer," he added.

"No, that pretty much works out for anyone," Gabe grinned, draping himself with liquid movements over Travis' lap. Travis petted Gabe's hair and twisted up to grin at Ryan.

"Only for my boys, Ry. But you could count as one of my boys, if you wanted." Ryan swatted away his hand when it wandered up past Pete's arm to Ryan's knee.

"And how, O Wise Joe, would you explain Nick and Tyson? They're from Oklahoma."

Joe waved a hand dismissively. "Nobody can explain Nick and Tyson. They just exist like that."

Pete blinked. "Is it me, or did that make a weird kind of sense?"

Ryan poked him in the shoulder. "No, that's just you." Pete twisted back and made a kissy face up at Ryan, who cracked a smile and shook his head, turning Pete back to face away.

"So Joseph," Pete said, putting his hands behind his head and patting Ryan's hips fondly, "did you just come round to hear Joe's excellent pothead theories?"

"Tyler sent me, actually. I found out today my character's being killed off this season, so I'm out of a job. Tyler told me to come over and say I'd sent him. And," he paused, "I kind of need to talk to Ryan, too. And uh. Is Jon here as well?"

"We all are," Ryan said, black-ringed eyes now on Joseph. "What do you need us for?"

"Well, uhm." Joseph blushed, acutely aware of every pair of eyes in the room on him. "It's sort of about, uh. Well, you know how there's four of you, and you guys, and uh, there's a situation me and Tyler might be in that, well, involves two other guys, and –"

"What, do you want me to draw you a fucking diagram?" Ryan asked. Pete laughed, then snorted, then laughed again.

"Did Tyson get Tyler to say you'll have a foursome with him and Nick?" he choked out between gasps for breath. Ryan hit him on the back, but not very hard.

"Um." Joseph felt his face getting hot. "Yes."

Pete waved a helpless hand in front of his face. "Bill, go get Jon. No, wait, take Joseph, go find Brendon."

William uncurled himself from where he had been tangled with Gabe and Travis. He patted Pete on the head as he passed, and Joseph followed him.

They found Brendon, Jon and Spencer crammed into and stretched out on one of the large, squashy sofas on the first floor, watching some film. Brendon paused it when he saw William and Joseph at the door.

"Young master Joseph here," William announced, grandly, "is soon to be in a position of sexual intercourse with three other men. He seeks advice." He bowed low, one hand sweeping off an imaginary hat. "I leave him in your capable hands." He backed out of the door, still bowing, and disappeared back down the stairs.

Jon looked sympathetically at Joseph. "Ryan bitch you out, huh?"

"Not really." Joseph shifted uncomfortably. "He said did I want him to draw a fucking diagram."

Spencer snorted. "That might help." Brendon patted the four square inches of sofa that wasn't occupied. "Come on," Spencer continued, "what are you waiting for, a written invitation?"

Joseph sighed and made to sit down on the floor in front of them, but Brendon pulled him in with an arm around his waist. "You're not getting away that easy," he grinned, and Joseph arranged himself half on Brendon's lap and partly spilling onto Jon's. Three pairs of hands steadied him.

"If I get heavy, tell me to move," he told Jon, who nodded.

"So," Brendon began, "I'm guessing one of these three other guys is Tyler. Right?"

"Right," Joseph nodded. "And the other two are Nick and Tyson, yes, before you ask."

"Pretty," Spencer observed, and Brendon and Jon nodded their agreement.

Joseph cleared his throat. "Anyway, me and Tyler, we've … we have no clue how four guys fucking even works, and we thought, since you're in town and know stuff about four guys fucking, maybe you could help us out."

"What do you say, Brendon," Jon said, "do we know about four guys fucking?"

"Isn't that, like, the point of our band? Besides music, I mean." Brendon rested his head briefly against Jon's shoulder, and Jon kissed his cheek. "So," Brendon turned back to Joseph, "you want to know how the whole thing works, right?"

Ryan, of course, chose that moment to walk into the room, looking like he was trying hard not to slouch, or stalk, and ended up with a movement that was more cartoonish than anything. The fact that he was wearing trousers with lengthwise stripes and a fucking waistcoat and looked from this angle like something out of a Tim Burton stop animation film, all angles and skinny limbs, didn't help matters. Spencer rearranged himself and Ryan folded onto Spencer's lap and the arm of the sofa. Joseph hoped the poor thing wouldn't collapse; the last thing he needed was Pete's furniture bill.

"You're just in time," Spencer said, nose nudging along Ryan's chin. "Brendon was just about to get started telling Joseph how to fuck three guys at once."

Joseph's eyes widened. "Can we get to the complicated manoeuvres after the basics?" he asked.

Brendon snorted. "Okay, so. The basics."

"Well, firstly it's best you really know the other guys well," Jon chipped in.

"Which isn't a problem with you and Tyler, or Nick and Tyson, so how's the whole thing with you and Nick, and Tyler and Tyson?" Spencer asked.

"Uh, good, I mean, I've been on the tour bus, we're friends," Joseph replied, trying to keep up.

"Good, that makes the whole foursome thing easier," Jon nodded.

"Right. So you know the guys, you're all comfortable together, and the clothes are coming off. Okay, at that point, it's best not to freak out," Brendon told him.

"I kind of freaked out first time," Jon added.

"Well, kinda." Brendon turned to look at him, and their noses were millimetres apart. "But I calmed you down."

Jon squirmed slightly, eyes locked on Brendon's. "Yeah. Yeah, you did."

Joseph coughed pointedly.

"After not freaking out," Spencer smoothly took up the conversational baton, "just do with Tyler what you normally do."

"It's okay to break off into two couples," Ryan added. "We did that at first." The perfect ease with which he fitted into Spencer's contours spoke volumes. "It's good to try mixing it up after a while."

"You could just keep swapping," Brendon continued, "until you're comfortable with that, then maybe move on to all four of you together."

"Daisy-chaining's good," Spencer said, thoughtfully. "The kind where you all blow each other kind of in a circle."

"And the kind where you fuck in a line," Brendon nodded.

"I like that one," Ryan said, and he and Brendon exchanged a look. Joseph kind of wanted to get off their laps and just fucking watch, and he was going to have really, really interesting wank fantasies for later.

"Another one of our favourites is when Jon fucks Brendon who's sucking Ryan who's getting me off with his hand," Spencer put in. "Basically, as long as everyone's getting off, there's a lot you can do."

Jon nuzzled at Brendon's jaw with his nose and then his bottom lip. "Tell him about all on one," he murmured, and Brendon seemed to be more interested in kissing Jon than filling Joseph in on whatever all on one would be.

Ryan rolled his eyes. "All on one is when three of you pretty much, just. Pleasure the other one."

"Like, last night Ryan and me went down on Jon while Brendon finger-fucked his ass," Spencer illustrated. Vividly. Jon groaned into Brendon's mouth, and Joseph had a distinct suspicion that the shifting he could feel the vibrations of was Spencer's hand making its way across Jon's thigh.

"Okay," he said, standing up, almost falling back onto their laps in the tangle of ankles and socks and legs, "I, I think I'll leave you guys to it. Unless there's anything else, I mean, this has been really helpful, thank … thanks."

"Pretty much," Brendon broke away from Jon's lips to say, "just have fun, and relax about it." He grinned. "And take pictures."

"Don't take pictures," Ryan said, quickly.

"Take pictures," Brendon insisted.

"Don't take pictures," Ryan repeated, eyes completely locked on Brendon's now. He moved, smooth and lithe as a cat, over Spencer's lap, to Jon's, closer to Brendon.

"Take," Brendon's mouth was curving up as Ryan's came in closer proximity to it, "pictures."

"I'll see you guys," Joseph called, biting his lip to keep from laughing. Jon waved, visibly trying and failing to take his eyes off Ryan and Brendon. The air between them was almost crackling.

Joseph left, making sure he was downstairs before erupting into giggles. "That was," he said to Pete, who had emerged at the sound, "that was weird."

"They're pretty intense, huh?" Pete smiled at him, and Joseph had known him for long enough now to recognise it as one of his quieter moments.

"Yeah, but – I don't know. They're nice guys. You can't help –" He hesitated, but Pete's head was tilted to the side and there was nothing but open curiosity on his face. "You can't help liking them," he continued, "and they're not – I mean, they're just so. Y'know. Together, but they don't make you feel like." He stopped.

"Like you're not wanted in the room?" Pete suggested, and Joseph recognised the look Pete was giving him. He'd seen it before; every band who got signed to his label came to a point after which they weren't just one of Pete's bands, they were part of the family. He'd been there the day Tyler had got that look, and now he was getting it. Not just an extension of Tyler; Joseph was part of the family now. He felt like hugging Pete, or offering to dog sit, or learn to play guitar, or something.

Instead, he just said, "Yeah," and squeezed Pete affectionately on the arm. "Listen, I'll probably have an end-of-my-job party soon, you're all invited."

"Cool. I'll tell Bill." Pete continued to the kitchen, and called a, "See you sometime," over his shoulder as Joseph left, waving.

He crossed the lawns again and let himself into the quiet house. He found some leftover pizza in the fridge and heated it in the microwave, pressing '2' on his speed dial. "Tyler?" he said to the voicemail. "I have enough ideas to keep us busy for a fucking week. Ring me tomorrow, let me know what Nick and Tyson say. Love you."

Michael, Chad, Ryan, Jason and Percy crashed in at three. They found Joseph asleep on the sofa, an empty plate on the arm by his head and the TV remote in his hand. A DVD was playing, the sound of the spinning disc loud in the room, volume turned down low. Michael carefully covered Joseph with a blanket, while on the screen two boys, one wearing red and the other wearing white, sang "agaaaaaiiiiiiiin" down each other's throats.