Alec heard the faint sound of something mechanical outside his room and shut his eyes, the better to let James worry. If he listened hard enough, he could hear footsteps. Two pairs: one long, steady -- James. The other was faster; a shorter stride, struggling to keep up without running.

The doctor?

He kept his face carefully composed; an ill-timed smirk could ruin the whole charade. But really, he hadn't expected James to waltz himself down the primrose path quite so eagerly.

He felt a bit of remorse for what he was doing; playing on James's emotions. But, he reminded himself, it wouldn't have been necessary if James hadn't decided to play mind games.

The footsteps came around the corner and across the floor. He caught a whiff of aftershave as James bent over him. "Alec -- " Voice sharp with worry.

He let the worry build for a moment before twitching his eyelids.

"Come on, Alec, wake up. The doctor is here to see you."

He opened his eyes, let them focus on James. Saw the almost-imperceptible sigh of relief. Then cut his gaze to the side, for his first view of the doctor.

For once, James hadn't brought home a beauty. Not that she was homely; if she'd bothered to do something with her long, black hair instead of just braiding it; if she'd dressed to enhance her curves instead of throwing on the first thing that came to hand when James dragged her out of bed. Not his type, not James's -- but there were plenty of men out there who liked their women a little softer.

Still, it wasn't too hard to imagine her, bending over him, hair loose, falling like a cape, a veil. Running his hands through it, twisting it around his fingers.

He let his gaze drift back to her face. She met his eyes. "Mr. Jones. I'm glad to see you back among the living."

He smiled faintly at her, before turning his attention back to James. "M'thirsty," he murmured.

"I'll get you some ice."

"Thank you."

As soon as James left, Alec turned his attention back to the doctor. Made eye contact. Gave her a real smile this time. "I'm sorry -- I didn't mean for you to get dragged out of bed at -- whatever hour of the night this is."

"I'm a doctor. I'm used to it." She returned the smile, a bit tentatively. "Your ... friend ... sounded quite worried about you."

"I've always been a very ... physical ... man, Doctor." He imagined her dressed in her white doctor's coat, in black lace, in nothing at all. In black velvet, an evening gown, hiked up to her hips as she rode him. Yes ... he could work with that.

He met her eyes again, held her gaze until a trace of red crept into her cheeks. But before he could pursue that line of conversation, he heard James's footsteps, returning. He closed his eyes. "Life as a cripple has no appeal."

"But there is no reason, none, for you to be a cripple."

"That is exactly what he would tell you to say."

"I don't lie to my patients."

He opened his eyes. "You've never softened a hard truth? Given someone hope?"

This time, he would be willing to wager, her blush was from embarrassment.

"She can show you." James came to his side, stepping around the doctor, cup of ice in his hand. "I had her bring the x-ray machine from her clinic."

"Good," he whispered, keeping his voice soft, uninterested. Worry flared in James's eyes. He raised a hand, as if he was going to touch him, touch his cheek -- but then checked the motion.

So he was concealing the nature of their relationship. Interesting.

"Ice?" James asked, voice odd with false cheer.

"Please."

James nodded jerkily, scooped out a chip of ice, and fed it to him. Used the gesture as cover to stroke his cheek.

It was just like all those years ago. Covert touches, even the most casual of contact carrying hidden meaning. Oh, yes. Just like that. It was hard to concentrate, with the warmth of James's fingers soaking into his cheek. Just. Like. That.

He dug his fingernails into the palm of his hand. Tried to use the pain as a focus, but he couldn't even clench his fingers hard enough.

James's fault, he reminded himself. Tried to summon up even a bit of anger, to use as a focus.

It didn't work, but the effort at least took his mind off the warmth of James's hand. "Take the damn x-rays," he said, voice pitched low so that the doctor would have to strain to hear, assume that the words were not meant for her. "Let's bring this charade to an end."

"No charade." James fished out another chip of ice, fed it to him. Drew a gentle thumb across his lips. "You'll see." He turned away, back to the doctor. "Is there anything else you need?"

She set aside the file she had been marking. "Nothing. Can you bring the apparatus, please?"

James nodded, and hurried out of the room. Came back a moment later, pushing a large yellow machine -- from his angle, he couldn't make out any details. The doctor put a heavy lead apron over his chest -- and her hand darted in to push something into his.

Interesting.

The doctor moved around him, nudging the x-ray film under his legs, moving him with James's help. To his surprise, she tucked one under his neck, too. When she was finally done, she turned to James. "Mr. Smith -- if I could have your help?"

"Alec, will you be -- "

"I'll be fine."

"Are you sure?"

"James. You've dragged this poor woman out of bed, the least you can do is help her."

James nodded, and gestured for the woman to go first. As soon as the two had left, Alec opened his hand.

It was a note, written on a small scrap of paper and wrapped around a short stub of pencil. It consisted of two questions.

Are you a prisoner?

Do you need me to call the authorities?

He wrote no by both questions, and underlined the second.

He wished he knew how long he had, before James came back. He had to guess he didn't have much time.

He laid the paper against his chest and scrawled Where am I? How long have I been here?

Then, carefully, he folded the note back up and wrapped it around the pencil, and concealed it in his hand.

As it turned out, he needn't have hurried. The minutes crawled by as he waited for James and the doctor to return. He reverted to that old standby, counting seconds.

One thousand, nine hundred and forty-three seconds later, the two of them returned, the doctor carrying an armful of x-ray film.

"A light box would make this easier," she said. "But the lamp will work."

She pulled out his file again, and another stack of x-rays. Shuffled through them, and then dragged out one. Frowned at it thoughtfully, and then smiled. "This should make things easier."

"What?"

"Cervical vertebrae. She held one over his head. "There was a fracture there, and there. Now." She pulled out the one she had been looking at before, "However, as you can see, new bone growth has filled in the fracture. Meaning, of course, that the neck brace can come off and you can look at the rest of these without my holding them over your head."

Meaning that he was healing. Finally, actually healing. He felt a rush of relief. Somehow, despite all his intellectualizing, a part of him -- a fairly large part, he was surprised to discover -- had believed this would go on forever.

And then James murmured "allow me" and leaned in close, undid the straps, and gently slid the collar up and away.

Experimentally, Alec tried to raise his head. He was not particularly surprised to find that he could not; more atrophy. Instead, he rolled his head to the side -- freedom that had been denied him for so long -- and studied James.

He'd lost weight. His normally well-tailored clothes hung on him. Not a lot, someone who didn't know him as well might not even notice, but Alec did.

Oh, James ... 

"Could you get the lamp, please?"

The moment James's back was turned, the doctor snatched the note from his hand. She curled her fingers around it just in time, dropping her hand just in time. With her free hand, she picked up the file once more.

"A light box would be helpful," she said, "But traffic can be vile at this time of day; it would probably be at least a four hour round trip."

So under ideal conditions he was an hour from wherever her clinic was. Not a particularly helpful piece of data, on its own.

But she was trying. He caught her gaze, and smiled. She blushed and fumbled, dropping her gaze. James caught the x-ray before it could tumble to the ground.

"This one -- this is the original x-ray of your right femur. You can see the fractures there, and there."

"Right. I remember." Not the specifics, of course; his whole body had been one undifferentiated mass of pain. He felt the ghost of it brush along his bones. "Can we -- can you show me the next one?"

She nodded. "This is the x-ray of the same bone, taken after surgery. I aligned the bone and inserted pins to hold it stable. And this one is the x-ray I took today. New bone is still growing in; you're exactly where you should be at three months post-trauma."

Three months.

"And the rest of the bones?" he asked. "You don't have to show me the 'before' pictures; I can remember well enough."

When she looked at him again, there was sympathy in her eyes. "Of course." She quickly showed him the rest of the x-rays.

When she was finished, he looked at her. "So I'll be back to normal."

She looked at him for a long moment, before shaking her head. "Trauma on this scale -- there will always be some effects."

He kept his voice neutral. He needed to know. "What can I expect, then? Numerically speaking, with a hundred percent being where I was before I -- before the injuries."

"Numerically speaking? Anywhere between eighty and ninety-five percent. A lot of which depends on you; it is absolutely vital that you are diligent in your physical therapy."

"Just tell me what to do."

"I've brought a listing of exercises." She looked up at James. "They're in my bag. If you don't mind -- "

"Right," James said, and headed out the door.

"Thank you," Alec said. He rapped at the cast. "So when do I get out of this thing?"

"Another month, more or less."

"The sooner the better." He grinned at her. "I can't wait to get out and get some real food."

"Around here?" She gave him a mischevious grin. "When you're well enough to travel, there is this little place on Brick Lane that makes absolutely wonderful chicken tikka masala, like my grandmother used to make. I eat there once a week, at least."

Brick Lane. East End. London, then.

He doubted she'd be quite so friendly if she knew what he'd planned for the city. Well, what she didn't know couldn't hurt him.

"You'll have to take me, sometime."

"They're not here." James strode back into the door. Picked up the bag that sat on the card table. "Oh, look. Here they are." He set them down with a slap of paper.

The doctor shrank back. "Is there a problem -- "

"No. Of course not." He shoved the x-ray sheets into the file, and shoved it onto a shelf. Then he began tossing her things into the bag.

Alec studied James's face. His expression was carefully neutral, but his eyes were burning with fury.

"Wait outside," he told the doctor.

Not good. If James was alone with the doctor in this mood there was no telling what could happen. What he might convince himself was necessary.

He couldn't lose his one ally. He had to do something. Had to convince James -- "You had a three month head start," he said, keeping his tone carefully light. "If you haven't managed to close the deal, it's certainly not my fault."

James gaped at him. "What -- ."

"Come on, James." He smirked. "You know the rules -- to the victor go the spoils."

"The good doctor? She's hardly your type."

"Oh, don't pout. I promise to share."

James's eyes were still intense, but no longer angry. He bent down close, to whisper in his ear. "I don't think I feel like sharing you with anyone."

He was gone before Alec could formulate a reply.