A/N (Author's Note):

I wanted to say that I slightly revised chapter 11 in response to problems pointed out by Miss Bright, so if you had read chapter 11 on or previously to Feb. 15th, you might want to re-read. Or you might not, since the change involves a minor subplot. Basically, the "snitch" subplot didn't work as I had originally wrote it, and even the revised version still didn't work, but then I finally revised it a third time and I think it probably works now without being OOC or retconning anything from before the start of this fanfic (since this fanfic is a divergent type of AU, I'm trying to keep everything previous to the beginning of the fanfic exactly the same as canon, and before I revised chapter 11 the third time I think I wasn't succeeding in that).

I have also added more warnings to the list of warnings in the author's note at the beginning of chapter 1, so read and be warned if you're squeamish about anything.

CHAPTER 12: Lies

Light was shirtless and chained to the wall, his entire weight painfully borne on handcuffs that led to long chains going upward. The room was dim, with plush red carpet covering the floor and running up all the walls. Wooden tables so polished that they practically glowed were placed at intervals throughout the room, and every table had multiple candlesticks burning on it.

There were no other lights, just those candlesticks.

Light ached and tried to stretch his feet to the floor, seeking it with no relief. He was chained just slightly too far up to be able to touch it even with the tips of his toes.

The single door at one end of the room flew open and a pillow was tossed in, sliding across a table and shoving all the candlesticks it hit to the floor. Most of them guttered and went out as they fell, but as the pillow reached the table's end and tumbled after them it was set alight.

Following the pillow, Mello entered, wearing a skin-tight pink bunny suit that covered everything except his face, and he was holding a large bottle of something even pinker. Light's attention was divided between Mello's spectacular appearance and the small fire that was still some distance away, but could easily become a big problem.

Mello said, "Light, you need to take your medicine," and shook the bottle ominously.

Light felt something twisting inside his gut, and told himself it was desire.

It's not fear. It will never be fear.

His mind started calculating ways that he could get Mello, to force Mello to submit, to rape Mello. To show him who was really boss, who was the god of the new world.

Light imagined getting Mello close enough, and at a high enough level, that he would be able to wrap one chain around Mello's neck, perhaps by tricking Mello into standing on a chair. Then he could rape him as he hung there strangling and turning purple, his eyes silently begging for help but Light would never give help, no, no, he never would.

He would only give an erect cock shoved up Mello's ass, maybe even make him come as he died for further humiliation.

Mello grabbed a lever Light had never noticed before, jutting out of a nearby wall. Light wondered if the lever was normally concealed inside the wall, the opening carpeted over.

But then he stopped thinking of that at all as Mello pulled the lever and the chains holding him up suddenly went slack, dropping him on his knees. He fell to his hands but his shaky muscles still couldn't hold him up and he fell onto his face.

Instantly, Mello was on him, flipping Light over and straddling him. Light tried to punch but his arms were weak and slow. Mello caught one wrist and laughed like he didn't care as Light's other hand batted at his face with the mild force of ordinary slaps, unable to curl into a proper fist.

He drugged me. I can't do anything.

Light could still hear the small fire crackling somewhere out of sight, and he could smell the smoke.

"Now, Light," said Mello, "open up."

And Light wouldn't open his mouth, but Mello grabbed his jaw and forced it open and spooned the pink-pink-pink liquid in, spoonful after spoonful that Light choked on, tasting strongly of booze, but Mello held Light's mouth shut and pinched his nose until Light swallowed each one.

Mello's bunny suit was immensely distracting. Light found himself looking at the long ears, wondering if they were articulated from the expressive and complex angle each was at. The fur that brushed against Light's skin was as soft as real rabbit fur, and the entire suit was as form-fitting as anything Misa had ever worn, showing the exact shape of each one of Mello's curves, leaving very little to the imagination. His erect penis was quite apparent.

Light was already wondering how many thousands of dollars the suit must have cost and whether it had an opening for fucking when Mello leaned down and kissed him.

Light bit Mello's lip, but Mello didn't seem to mind, he just kept kissing and then started rocking against Light and suddenly a hand was in Light's underwear, palming him to a sharp, hard awareness, creating an ache, a throbbing need.

Light hated it just as much as he loved it. He started mumbling, "No, no," but his heavy, useless arms seemed to be made of lead and he couldn't dislodge Mello and he was only getting more and more turned on.

Mello took a swig of whatever pink stuff was in the bottle and laughed. Light laughed with him, forgetting everything except the growing tension in his groin and a tiny, nagging feeling in the background, a sense of something being wrong, horribly wrong.

Light gasped as his trousers were pulled down to his knees and them Mello was rutting against him, his penis sliding against Light's with a delicious friction that made Light arch up into the strokes, trying to get more and more. He could still feel the softness of the bunny suit, the fur against his intimate places driving him more wild, particularly tickling his balls.

Light spread his legs for better access and Mello rewarded him by driving each thrust more forcefully along Light's penis with rubbing so strong it was almost painful, almost too much to bear. Dimly, he thought of pinning Mello beneath him and penetrating him.

Fumbling along Mello's ass, Light's fingers found the puffy tail instead of the opening he was seeking.

"Something," Light said, "with something, it would have been better."

Sounding sleepy and drunk, Mello's voice said, "Something? What?"

Light wanted to make sense, but he had the feeling he wasn't going to make sense, no matter how carefully he might try to word what he was hoping to communicate.

The smoke made him cough. The belled cat collar was around his neck again, though it hadn't been before.

Suddenly, Mello descended down Light's body in a series of licks and soft bites, and Light barely realized it until he felt Mello's mouth engulfing his most sensitive place in a single gulp.

Lips manipulated him, long tendrils of blonde hair escaping the suit tickled him, and bright eyes locked with Light's own in the most unabashedly erotic gaze Light had ever seen.

Mumbling around the dick in his mouth, Mello said, "Light, your wonderful tail," and every word was a new height of bliss.

There was, indeed, a long, furry tail attached to Light's ass, and it was alive and he could twitch the end but he couldn't think about it because Mello was going down on him so deliciously that Light's body was taking over and the rising pleasure was spreading out to every limb from the concentrated source of it, right where Mello was sucking and sucking like a well-trained whore.

Mello pulled sharply on Light's tail and it hurt but then he was coming at the same instant and he didn't care about anything except the white-hot pulses flowing out of him.

And then he was awake, hands clenched by his sides in the sheets, trying not to look ashamed though he knew it was probably too dark to see expressions.

He was in Ide's apartment, under a sort of temporary house arrest, and Ide was in the next room, on the other side of a locked door. Light sat up, pulling the sheets down and examining them for any trace of evidence.

No, it had all stayed in his underwear.

There was an attached bathroom that Light could make use of without getting Ide to unlock anything, and he did, carefully scraping off as much of the semen as he could and flushing it, while he forcibly put the incident out of his mind. It was not worth thinking about. It was just a dream, as nonsensical as dreams always were.

The important thing was Misa. She had completely screwed up, but now that made her the key to whatever plans would follow. It was particularly important not to discard her too soon; it was important to find out exactly how long it should be until memory-wiping her, and how long until killing her, and whether the two events should coincide.

And, if it was at all possible to do so without creating more suspicion, it was important to make sure she suffered fully for her mistakes, for her many mistakes, for every single annoyance she had ever put him through.

As Light cleaned up and discreetly raided his supplies to exchange his dirty laundry for new, he kept his mind firmly focused on the future. The past was... past. The future was what truly mattered.

And then he sat on the edge of the bed for a few hours while his mind became bored into thinking up more and more elaborate ways for Near to die, until at last Ide unlocked the door.

Matsuda was there too.

The expression on Ide's face was slightly suspicious; the first time Light had seen Ide direct those emotions towards himself.

Light wanted to kill him.

Matsuda said, "Light we... um... we got the DNA test from the rape kit finished, and so far we can't find a match to any known criminal. We can't send the face out or Near would know. He has contacts in the FBI, CIA, MI6 and everywhere! You would hardly believe some of the people we've been talking to."

Ide said, "Misa's loose. She's been told I was inadvertently the leak, that I'm under house arrest and being investigated to make sure it was inadvertent. Near forced the chief to tell her about the death threat on you if any of the rest of us die."

Well, this is good. It simply means Misa can't make the situation worse by trying to kill early. I'm the one that deserves to take their lives anyway.

Light said, "I don't want to do this but... when do I start? When do I investigate Misa?"

Ide said, "We finished rigging your apartment with hidden cameras and bugs covering everything that goes on, no matter where. There's no privacy. We've also replaced the detection devices in the equipment locker with ones that are malfunctioning but seem to be fine, so that if she gets suspicious you can make her believe the place is clean."

Light said, "And everything is hidden well enough? Nothing will be visible to the eye?"

"Yes, you'd have to take things apart to find them."

Good, at least these idiots can do some things well.

Matsuda jumped halfway in front of Ide and added, "It's a shame that Misa-Misa got tricked again. She's so unlucky! Or maybe she got threatened with horrible things and she's waiting for us to save her from the second Kira."

Matsuda motioned with his hand and said, "Come on, Light. I'm going to drive you to the airport, so Misa can think you just arrived from America and she and Aizawa can pick you up there."

"You forgot the bugs," Ide said.

Matsuda slapped a hand to his forehead.

"Oh, yeah! Sorry about that. We'll wait while you get it."

Ide went in the other room and returned with a suit exactly like those Light usually wore. He showed Light where the bugs had been sewed into the hems of the sleeves and the legs. They could barely be felt by pressing on the cloth hard in exactly the right places, the sort of thing that wouldn't be noticed unless you were searching very thoroughly.

A little more than an hour later, Light was in the airport, waiting for Misa.

The moment he saw her, breaking through the crowds and running towards him from just a short distance away, he complimented her on her dress.

She stopped just out of arm-grabbing range, giggled and twirled for him, acting completely oblivious, as she should, as she'd been trained.

It was a signal that had been worked out between them years ago. Any praise of her clothing meant observation or surveillance, and Misa knew to act casual while being sure she didn't say anything incriminating. It was a particularly useful trick when having the investigation headquarters centered in Light's apartment, where late-working task force members could theoretically be a risk for accidentally finding out.

It also had the side benefit that Light almost never had to discuss the merits (or lack thereof) of Misa's clothing.

And then she gave in to her baser instincts, and plastered herself along his side, hooking her arm into his as she prattled on about the other models at her agency.

Light endured it and even slipped his hands behind her neck, where they would be hidden by the length of her hair. At least this time, Misa's complete lack of respect for personal space had a purpose.

She had her hand inside his suit jacket, and traced some kanji with one finger on his back, silently asking:

What is happening? 

He traced on her neck:

We'll talk later, keep up the act. 

They were already under visual surveillance, via cameras in the airport, and it wouldn't do to grope Misa for long in public, not when it was so against his known character and habits.

Unfortunately, they needed a good long conversation in traced kanji. Nothing could be left to chance and everything had to be fully known in as much detail as possible.

As much as Light hated to admit it, this meant they needed to fuck. There was no other good excuse for reaching their hands under each other's clothing for an extended period of time. Additionally, the task force would expect Light to cover up the act of sex with blankets while being filmed, leading to even better privacy.

All the way home, as Aizawa drove them and Ryuk lounged invisibly in the front seat, grinning like a maniac, Light kept up his act of pretending to be a bit more gracious toward Misa than usual, of preparing her with flattery and kind words for the false investigation he was about to perform.

He could juggle multiple purposes, pretending to investigate one way while actually investigating in other ways and bending various groups to his purposes.

It was a little exciting, even. It was almost like having L around again. Mello and Near were inferior foes, but they were passable after a long, boring time of not being chased at all. They would regret ever challenging Kira. They would both get crushed faster and harder than they ever expected, leaving them no chance to retaliate whatsoever.

But when Light found himself back in his apartment, with Misa serving him iced tea in nothing but a thong and a corset, it was surprisingly difficult to pretend to be interested in her. The tray of iced tea was far more tantalizing than she was. It had just enough lemon, not too much and not too little, and a ground-up fresh mint leaf had been added to each glass, exactly the way Light always wanted it.

She looked too much like Mello, and yet not enough like him.

She was aggressive, at last pulling the tray away from him and straddling him in bed, grinding their crotches together, hers already shamelessly damp.

Light was exactly the opposite. His penis was soft and curled in his trousers, not showing a single sign of interest.

She kissed him, cutting off her constant panting sounds as her glossy red lips connected with his and he tasted the disgusting lipstick.

Her hands wandered over his chest, unbuttoning his shirt. The trousers would be next.

Breaking the kiss, Light gasped, "Misa, I'm cold... the blankets?"

"Of course," Misa purred, and pulled the blankets up around them, using it as an excuse to burrow even closer to him as she continued removing the last barrier of clothing.

That shamelessly manipulative bitch! If I ask her to pretend to have sex, I'm sure she won't cooperate. She'll throw a tantrum somehow, and I can't afford to have the slightest thing go wrong or I might end up seeming suspicious.

There were a few subjects that Misa was hopelessly stubborn and disobedient about. Almost anything to do with dating and promised sexual activities always ended up being a tremendous amount of trouble, which was why Light had long been in the habit of promising her as little as possible in those areas of life.

Light said, "Misa, I need you to suck me very, very well. Use all your skill."

As she went down on him, he traced kanji on her shoulder, indicating that she needed to tell him everything, leaving out nothing.

Then they began having a long, traced conversation about a man named Teru Mikami.

A/N (Author's Note):

Light is in extreme denial about a lot of things, and that characteristic of Light, along with the style of writing I'm using where I'm writing his experiences more like fantasy rape than anything realistic, is why he doesn't have trauma of any realistic kind.

I'm think there are probably two chapters left in this, a "real" chapter and an epilogue, but it might be more than that depending on how I decide a few remaining undecided plot twists.