The Accidental Exhibitionist
by Icecubez©


I would always have described myself as being shy. Not quite timid, but 
definitely reserved. A lights off kind of girl. I'm twenty, five foot three, 
slightly curvy with ample 34C breasts. I've been with the same guy since I was 
sixteen.

It all started one day when I went shopping alone. Not just any kind of 
shopping, but lingerie shopping. I wanted to knock my boyfriends socks off. He 
was being a bit off with me and so I decided I should remind him of a few 
things.

I picked up this matching bra and thong set that fitted the bill perfectly. The 
bra was satin and see through mesh set in vertical panels. It set my breasts off 
perfectly, showing enough of them to tantalise but hiding the nipple from sight. 
The thong is the skimpiest one I had ever worn in my life and required me to 
have a trim to ensure that it looked right. I'd never been so trimmed down there 
before and I have to admit it made me feel a little naughty when I saw the 
finished job.

The following day I was going around to his house to spend some "quality time" 
with him. When we spoke I told him that I would bring some of my shopping over 
for him to see. He thought I meant shoes (my other weakness) and was less then 
enthusiastic about it. I just smiled at the thought of his face when he realised 
the truth.

I got up and took my time showering, shaved my legs, moisturised my whole body, 
checked my body in the mirror. I applied a light covering of make up. Then I put 
my new lingerie on and checked the mirror again. I then put on a floaty skirt 
and teamed that with a white baggy style top. I checked the mirror again. 
Perfect, you couldn't tell anything about my lingerie. I looked good but not 
quite the full seductress that I was planning on being.

It was a hot day and as it was dry and he only lived twenty minutes from me I 
decided to walk. To get to his from mine you have to go through the main hub of 
the town. At the moment there doing work on some of the buildings so there are 
always workmen about.

Not quite my type but it sure does make a girl feel good when she makes an 
effort and its appreciated, even if it is by strangers. So on a whim I decided 
to walk past one of the bigger sites.

Just as I walked parallel to the site ready for my appreciation I got it. From a 
wasp!!

It wouldn't stop buzzing around me and then even worse it dived down the back of 
my top!! I panicked, completely forgot where I was and just acted instinctively. 
I took my top off throwing it to the ground and started jumping around trying to 
shake the wasp off of me.

After about thirty seconds of this I got control of myself when I heard these 
almighty cheers. Suddenly I realised what I had done. There I was in front of 
this site with my top on the ground and my breasts restrained only by me sexy 
bra bouncing in front of a site full of workers.

At first I was mortified. Then I realised that they were cheering for me to 
continue and I have to admit that this thought was getting me excited. I could 
feel a familiar wetness between my legs.

I thought for a moment and decided to quit while I was ahead. I picked my top up 
and put it back on and carried on walking. My mind was a whirl. I had never felt 
so turned on. I needed a man now!! My desire was crying out to be satisfied and 
satisfied now!!

I picked up my pace I had to get to my boyfriends and get there now.

When I got there he buzzed me up to his flat I ran up the stairs three at a 
time. I was on fire! All I could think about was how it felt to show all those 
people my body. The more I thought about it the more turned on I became.

When I got to the flat the door was open. I could hear my boyfriend saying 
something. I didn't hear a reply so I guessed he was on the phone. I stood in 
the hallway for a moment. Then my desire got the better of me.

I closed the door and shimmied out of my skirt. Then for the second time I took 
my top off. I walked toward the sitting room where I could hear his voice. I 
opened the door and boldly stepped forward and froze.

Shit!! The bastard had only invited his brother and his brother's girlfriend 
over and there were the three of them standing in the sitting room staring at me 
in just my bra and thong.

His brother's eyes were popping out of their sockets. His girlfriend looked at 
me and I swear she licked her lips. 

As for my boyfriend.... 

Well I'd like to say he whisked me off to his room and satisfied my needs but 
no. He sank deep into his chair covered his eyes shook his head and promptly 
became my ex boyfriend.

Now his brother and girlfriend. Well that's another story...

The Accidental Exhibitionist Ch. 02
by Icecubez©


After my previous accidental exposures I had to admit at least to myself that I 
really enjoyed showing my body off to people. Now boyfriend less I could at 
least explore this new side of me without worrying about what a man might think.

As I lay in bed I carefully considered my next move. After all I couldn't just 
wait for another wasp or turn up at friends in just my underwear. After some 
thought a solution came to my mind it would though involve a little more 
exposure but if it worked it should satisfy my newly discovered exhibitionist 
desire.

I got out of bed and stepped into the shower. Singing at the top of my voice, 
taking my time soaping and washing myself. As it's summer it was another hot 
day. I went to the back of my underwear drawer where I had stashed the most 
daring bikini that I had bought and never dared to wear.

The bikini is plain blue and ties up at the neck in a halter neck style and then 
behind your back to hold it in place. The bottom tied on each hip. I pulled on a 
mid length skirt on. I didn't bother with anything else on my top, as it would 
ruin my plan.

I collected my purse placed it into my bag and headed into town. My stomach was 
full of butterflies. Last time it was an accident. Today was going to be on 
purpose.

As I walked through the shopping precinct looking for a perfect place my nerves 
were replaced by a familiar feeling between my legs. I was getting plenty of 
lust filled looks from guys and I hadn't even started yet. I even swear that one 
guy got hit by his girl for looking at me. 

Finally, I spotted a suitable shop. A well known store that sells cd's, dvds etc 
whose name we won't mention but I'm sure you can guess if I said that it had an 
innocent name. I carefully pulled at the knots holding my top in place. Not 
quite loosening them enough to cause the top to fall just yet but enough to get 
the process started.

I walked in and wondered around for a bit. The top stayed in place. So I decided 
that I should help it along a little. I stopped in front of a display in the 
middle of the store where I could be seen. I placed my bag on the floor and 
opened it slightly. I didn't want to loose my top permanently and so I was 
hoping that the top would just drop into there. Nice and safe.

I reached up to the top shelf. I could feel my skirt coming up my thighs. Then I 
felt the knot on my back holding the bikini top in place give way. The bottoms 
of my breasts were exposed. I carried on looking for this mystery cd that just 
had to be on that pesky top shelf.

Then all of a sudden my top dropped off and I was fully exposed to the whole 
shop. I put down the cd I was holding rapidly and did my best "How could that 
happen." Look and placed my hands over my breasts. Then began looking for my 
top. Enjoying the looks and cheers that I could hear but still playing my part 
to the hilt.

I suddenly became aware of a hand on my back. I straightened up and came face to 
face with the store detective. His eyes were burning with lust but the rest of 
him was all business. Except for his truncheon, which was in agreement with his 
eyes. He took me by the arm and with his other hand picked my bag up. My top 
dangled from it. He began to lead me to the back of the store.

Then he stopped as a woman blocked his path. I looked at her and my body went 
cold. It was Mrs Atkins my college art teacher and friend of the family. I 
couldn't believe my bad luck. She had never forgiven me for ditching her class 
and "wasting your artistic talent."

I didn't waste it I chose Drama instead. The boys were cuter and it was Romeo 
and Juliet and it was a good excuse to kiss a friends boyfriend (yet another 
story.)

"Excuse me young man what do you think your doing?" She demanded.

"Official store business madam. Please step aside." The detective intoned

"I don't think so young man. Now let Jennifer put her top back on now."

The detective paused in his tracks. He obviously had his orders but still to 
leave a half naked woman as she was and to refuse to allow her to cover her 
"embarrassment." could seriously have consequences. So he gave in.

I tied my top back in place.

"What's the problem young man?" Mrs Atkins asked

"We believe that Jennifer has been shoplifting."

My bag was open on the floor and you could see the full contents and there was 
nothing there that shouldn't have been.

Mrs Atkins looked at the bag and then me. She turned to the detective and 
laughed.

"Young man. You can see how little she is wearing and you can see into her bag. 
Where do you think that she is hiding her stolen property."

The detective looked me up and down slowly. Pausing for a second at my breasts.

"You can go." He said storming off and speaking rapidly into his radio.

I was seriously turned on again. The store detective had been a twist in my plan 
that I had not expected.

"Come with me young lady." Mrs Atkins said

I was to turned on to argue or to think straight so I did. We went to a nearby 
café.

Over a hot chocolate I told her about my accidental exposure the other day. She 
laughed when I told her that today had been purposeful but had gone wrong. She 
handed me a card.

"Be at that address tomorrow at 7pm and I will help you explore this."

With that she got up and left without saying another word.

What was I letting myself in for? I didn't want my family to know about my 
exposure and if going meant that they didn't have to find out then.....

But could I do it? What would it be? 


