Their legs are goose-bumped with cold and tight with tension and oh-my-God sensation but they don't want to get under the covers because uncensored looking is too much too good. There's creeping cold through the window glass, but their faces and hands and dicks are burning up. Justin didn't think he could blush so much, but it's okay because Lance isn't looking at his face, he's watching his hand move on Justin and the difference between your own hand and someone else's hand, Lance's hand, tentative and confident by turns, eager and shy both is so far beyond what he ever imagined he thinks he might die. But, hopefully, not before he comes.

"Justin. Justin." Lance sounded like treacle and hearing his own name, like that, like lust, did it and he shook and thrust once in Lance's hand, smooth like a dance move and sharp like a conclusion and it's over, slick all over Lance's hand and he can hear himself breathe now, deep and rough, catching on the back of his throat.

"Yeah. Ah, just. Here." He grabbed his discarded underwear and offered them to Lance.

"I'm not wiping my hand on those. Here." Cooling spunk was smeared across his belly, slimy and horrible and Lance's hand tickled. He leapt at Lance, holding his shoulders and trying to pin him to the bed, Lance wriggling and laughing under him, working his hands around to Justin's ass.

"Hey, hey. Justin. Stop."

"Why? I'm winning."

"Because it's my turn."

There's a hot guy under him, hips pressing up with a half-polite request for his attention and maybe wrestling Lance into submission is something he can do another day. He slides off, pushing one arm further under Lance's shoulders and petting Lance's chest with his other hand.

"Your turn, huh?"

Lance is trying to hide his smile but his poker face is on the floor with jeans and shirts. He pushes Justin's hand down until he can wrap them both around his dick. "C'mon, baby. Fair."

"Don't call me baby." But Lance's face is pressed to his shoulder he's feeling "baby, baby, like that" in his bones.

Later, after they showered and realised how cold the room was, after they're snuggled in their beds, Justin lay awake for a while, watching Lance sleep.

Cold this cold, Justin had decided, was unnatural. His burger and hot chocolate were keeping his hands warm but he guessed he'd look weird holding them against his ears. He slid along the bench, closer to the warmth of Lance. Across the park, Joey was talking to a girl, helping feeding squirrels. Chris and JC were tripping over each other, trying to kick a soccer ball they'd found, and failing miserably. Watching them, it was hard to believe they were precision dancing machines.

"Guy at 2 O'clock, red jacket," Lance said, "a seven."

Tall and dark-haired? Check. Long-legged? Check. With his reserve lifted by their mutual hand-jobs, Lance had cut loose and shared almost every dirty thought that crossed his mind. Justin soon worked out that Lance had a type. It was boring, even if the men Lance noticed were hotties. Justin liked boys and girls, all sorts of them, as long as they were pretty and clean. He liked Lance.

"Chris is cute."

"Chris? Our Chris? Chris Kirkpatrick, Chris?" Lance squinted across the park. JC yelled as Chris tackled him, tumbling them both to the ground.

"Yeah." Justin picked at the seam of his jeans. "Chris is hot."

Lance looked sideways at him, rocked toward him and bumped shoulders. "Chris is kind of a jerk off."

Chris was bopping JC on the head with the soccer ball, while JC laughed and tried to push him off.

Justin thought of Chris's strong hands holding him down, Chris sitting on him while he squirmed and bucked, trying to get loose, but not trying too hard, Chris's eyes dark and laughing and triumphant. "Sometimes. Maybe."

"But a hot jerk off?" Lance put his hand on Justin's thigh and slid it upwards a couple of inches. "How hot?"

"Lance." Without thinking, Justin moved his burger and drink down to his knees, providing some slim cover. "Don't."

"How hot?" His dick knew the touch of Lance's familiar fingers anywhere on his skin, the pressure transmitted along the muscles of this thighs and into his crotch. Lance's hands. His ears prickled, he didn't feel the cold anymore.

"I have to go to the bathroom." He looked around the park, there had to be one somewhere, yes, a small building, there, near leafless trees. "That bathroom. I'm going there."

"Justin. Nice boys don't hang out in public toilets." Lance started rubbing, his hand moving north. In some desperation, wobbling a little, Justin stood, pitching the remains of his meal a nearby trash can. Both Lance's hands rested innocently on his knees. Fucker, Justin thought.

"You better come and watch out for me."

JC innocently suggested the next stage of sexual experimentation.

"It would save a lot of hassle," he said, "if you could just blow yourself."

"Ew."

Chris smacked Lance over the head. "What, ew? Don't you wash? You'd let a girl do something you're too good to do?"

"But why would anyone do that? It's disgusting." From behind Chris, Justin was looking at him with wide eyes, his lips in a tight line. Oh. Oh. But Chris wasn't letting his comment lie.

"What would you know, virgin."

"Hey, Chris. Easy." Joey stretch out his hand, as though he could pull the mean words from between them.

"It's okay, Joey. Maybe Chris doesn't understand that some of us care where we put it."

Application of a sudden irresistible force - Joey's arm around his shoulders - propelled him out of the room. As the door closed behind them he could hear Justin start in on Chris.

Joey didn't stop moving until they were in his hotel room. It was neater than Lance and Justin's - the JC effect, he guessed. Joey made him sit down on one of the beds, then dug into his bag and pulled out chocolate. Sitting beside to Lance, he broke it in half and gave Lance the bigger bit.

"Thanks." Maybe he wouldn't put anything in his mouth ever again.

"You know Chris doesn't mean it. He just gets that way."

"Mean? Inappropriate? Stupid?"

"Hyperactive and thoughtless."

"He hates me."

"No, he doesn't." Joey paused and seemed unusually interested in the wall.

It didn't matter. Nothing mattered like Justin's expression mattered. Chris could take a flying leap off a tall cliff.

His fingers met through the melting chocolate, so he had to eat it before it fell onto his shirt.

"Chris can just fuck off and leave me alone."

"Lance? Yeah. Sometimes you're kinda condescending to Chris. It's possible, maybe, he sort of thinks you don't like him."

"What? He what? He picks on me. All the time. Okay then, I don't. I don't like him. Fuck Chris, I don't like him."

"No, hey, no. It's okay. Come on, it's okay." Joey slid his arms around Lance and rubbed his stiff back.

"Fight back like Justin does. Chris understands that. He doesn't get your way."

"Why do I have to change what I do?"

"Sometimes you just do. Compromise, right? It's how teams work. We're gonna be a great team, you know? We're gonna be great. You and Chris, you just need to understand where each other's coming from, okay?"

Inside Joey's hug, he felt like the chocolate, melting. He slid his arms around Joey and hugged back.