Lord Siba hurled a heavy glass paperweight across the room. It had been a simple enough request to speak with the Crown Princess and begin to speak to her of Advisorship or marriage. He was interested in both, and they were not necessarily mutually exclusive. He had some magical skill, always necessary to become part of the Royal Family, and he had a quick enough mind to be Advisor. He took care of Green Harbor, and it had gone from a tiny viscountcy to a thriving and bustling one. He could do the same for the OZ, could use his formidable connections within the merchant class and the baronetcies to the advantage of the crown. Many of the families owed him for his protection during the Sorceress' reign over the OZ, and he was only too willing to call in favors as necessary.

Only, he was denied.

The silly chit of a Crown Princess denied his requests and made it known summarily that she had no interest in discussing his intention to apply for Advisorship or his marriage suit. I am adequately counseled and affianced, she had written in a hasty scrawl. It was unthinkable, and something that Lord Siba could not tolerate.

He would not be dismissed in six words. Would not.

His servants scattered as the glass shattered against the wall, shards spilling across the parquet floor. "Clean that fucking mess up!" Siba growled at the slowest one.

They moved to do his bidding, of course. The people of Green Harbor listened to their Viscount and moved as quickly as they could. They tarried at their peril, as his early years had taught them. His older brother was a weakling, indulging the people. His older brother had rather been like the Queen of the OZ. People shouldn't be coddled, shouldn't be smiled at and expected to go along and do as they were supposed to do. People were lazy, idiotic creatures. They needed to be led with a strong hand, shown the way and molded into proper shape.

He moved to the parchment at his desk. He could call a Harvest Festival Meeting. He knew that the Barons of Ruby Gulch and Caronet would back him up, as they always moved to his command. It was customary to air complaints to the Royal family at the time, and the Queen and Crown Princess would have to listen to his request at that time. She couldn't just wave him away in six words, and she would have to consider him appropriately. If she thought about it properly, she would see that he was simply the best candidate for her. She was an Other Sider at heart, and she simply didn't know what she was doing with the OZ. She needed guidance and instruction, and there was no other candidate that was worthy of the role but him.
***
Della found Azkadellia first, trying to lift herself out of bed. Callan was asleep at the foot of the bed, exhausted. "Delia?"

She looked at him almost wonderingly. "We're in Central City?"

He smiled and came closer, lifting her to a seated position. "Be careful, Delia. You've been asleep a long time."

Azkadellia traced the planes of his face. "I feel weak, not like I've been asleep."

"It was a coma of some kind. All the court physicians couldn't figure out how to help you." Della smiled at her, closing a hand over hers. "We've been with you this whole time, watching over you to make sure you're safe. We didn't trust palace security."

"I don't either," Azkadellia agreed. "We should wake Benji, shouldn't we?" She tried to reach over, but would have fallen.

"Careful, Delia. You'll have to work to get your strength back."

"I've been asleep a long time, haven't I?" Azkadellia asked.

"I did mention that, yes," he told her with a smile.

"But until I start to move, I feel fine," she complained.

"We'll work with you. And maybe your sister can help with the recovery. Her magic did a lot to help you." Della pressed a hand to her upper abdomen, where the ice javelin had pinned her to the wall. "You shouldn't have done that. You shouldn't have tried to save me."

"I love you," Azkadellia whispered. "Of course I would have done it."

With a sigh, Della nodded. He'd known she loved him, had known she loved Callan. "You scared me these past months. We were afraid you wouldn't wake up."

Azkadellia sighed. "I'm tired. I feel sleepy."

He cradled her in his arms and gently laid her down. "Let me wake Callan to see you first."

In case you don't wake back up went unsaid.

Callan was groggy when Della shook him awake. "Bwuh? I didn't sleep on the job, did I?"

"You were supposed to sleep there while I kept watch," Della replied, rolling his eyes. He nodded at Azkadellia. "Look at Delia, fool. Look."

Callan's eyes widened almost comically when he saw she was awake. "Delia!" He crawled beside her in bed and showered her face in kisses. "By the suns, we thought we'd lost you."

"Still sleepy," Azkadellia replied, smiling as she touched his face. "I'm so tired and weak."

"We'll get you strong again, just you watch."

"I love you," she murmured as her eyes slid shut.

"We'll be here for you when you wake up," Callan told her.

Azkadellia slid into sleep, and they all hoped it wouldn't be an extended coma again.
***
The ravens circled overhead, waiting for a lull in traffic before resuming their consumption of the large rat that had been hit by a delivery truck earlier that morning. One particular raven hung back farther than the others, patiently waiting. This raven, female at the moment, watched the others come closer. The alley was a shortcut for many delivery trucks, and the morning delivery rush wasn't over yet. Some of the ordineary ravens hung back with her, but those that didn't trust her crept forward, tantalized by the scent of death.

A truck lumbered won the alley, and the ravens scattered again. The extraordinary raven and her companions didn't have to move just yet.

The extraordinary raven could be leader if she liked. She could push, and the others would fall into line. But she had done that a long time ago, and she was no longer interested in any kind of leadership position. She had been male, female, raven, crow and rook. Once she had tried being a sparrow, but she hadn't liked that as much. Nor being a pigeon, falcon or hawk. She rather liked the dark, foreboding birds. She liked playing in the shadows at the edges of things. She liked knowing she had no right to exist in Central City like this, yet did.

She remembered when Central City had been Emerald City, when the Gale line had begun. Magic had been wild and untutored, shifting between Zones and kingdoms. Dorothy Gale's granddaughters had started the trend of solidifying magics hold on the Zones, and much knowledge was lost in the process.

Just as well. She didn't want to be found, anyway.

As the sun rose over Central City, traffic in the alley slowed down. The early morning deliveries were just about done.

As the extraordinary raven descended into the alley to eat, the ordinary ones followed. If this kept up, she'd wind up leading the entire flock despite herself. Perhaps it was time to move on. She could be a he again, or try being a crow.

After she ate her fill, she left the ordinary ravens behind. They didn't try to follow, and she passed by the palace. To her surprise, there were no mobats to assert their dominance over palace air space. Coming closer, she could only sense one mobat, a child, and it wasn't one she knew. The mobat seemed to be able to sense her as well, as it came closer to a window and hopped onto the railing of the balcony. Royal quarters, the raven surmised. The glimpse of the interior had sumptuous materials and fancy scrollwork on the furniture carvings.

The raven swooped down, becoming a male mobat to mirror the youngling on the railing.

You are like me? he asked her, head cocked to the side. No, you are not, he decided before the new mobat could say anything. You feel different, not like my brothers and sisters used to. You are something different. Are you one of the Kith in this land? I haven't met any other of the Kith.

The new mobat shook his head. I am not from your country. And indeed, the male mobat's magical sense was from an entirely different Zone than this one, something almost familiar about it. It was a similar sense to the mobats that used to circle the palace skies, but it wasn't entirely the same. He couldn't put his finger on it.

Few are, the youngling agreed solemnly. My Princess calls me Midnight, for she healed me at such a time.

Your Princess? the new mobat asked, amused. You adopt royalty, then?

The little one chuckled. We've adopted each other. She strives to learn more, and to use her gifts wisely. She hopes to wake her older sister. That one sleeps too deeply to be natural.

Intrigued, the new mobat ducked his head. And whatever do you do, then?

The youngling chuckled, and launched himself up off of the railing. I FLY! he chortled, pleased with himself. It was the way of younglings, the new mobat supposed. He launched himself up to match the youngling's height. Yes, like that, he said, and then flew in a circle around the stranger. My Princess tells me not to disturb her sister when I fly there. She doesn't yet know how to speak to me properly.

Oh, the new mobat was very intrigued now. She can speak to you?

Well, not yet. But soon. I know she will, once she reaches full Practitioner status. She would do it faster if she wasn't busy planning things all the time, though.

Such is the way of princesses.

Yes, but MY Princess can fight, the youngling said with pride. Mine doesn't just sit there waiting to be rescued.

A good Princess, indeed, the new mobat replied solemnly. May I see her?

The youngling frowned. My Princess is with Cain and shouldn't be disturbed. They get little enough time together. I can bring you to the other Princess, her sister. She always sleeps, so she won't be disturbed at all.

The new mobat followed the youngling out of curiosity. The new set of windows wasn't far away, likely just down the hall from the youngling's Princess and Cain. The new mobat took in the sight of the three people in the room curiously, but the youngling just swooped right in and landed near the thin pale man standing by the door. He smiled at the youngling with a wan expression, and kept his solitary vigil. The Other Princess was lying on the bed, and a dark man was lying beside her, his arms around her protectively.

And the Other Princess was made up of three souls.

The new mobat was glad he was sitting on a dresser. The Other Princess was sleeping, but it was an ordinary sleep now. He could see the faint tendrils of dark magic still clinging to her, and it had kept her bound in magical slumber for some months. The weaving had been unraveled, however, and now she was free to sleep off the exhaustion of it. Still, one soul was prominent, and there were two other distinct patterns buried within the weaving of the first. The youngling didn't know of magic, let alone ancient thread magics, and couldn't differentiate between the two. Of further interest were the two men with the Other Princess. They were mortal, ordinary and without magic. Yet some of the Other Princess's weavings were tight around them, protecting them and infusing them with an otherworldly sense. Perhaps it was unfair to count them both as mere mortals, as her influence was strong over them. Still, at their core was their mortality.

They are most interesting... the new mobat murmured.

Oh, please, say you can stay, Midnight pleaded. It will be nice to fly with another. There's no other mobat to fly with.

I am not really a mobat, the new one said, not willing to continue to delude the poor creature any longer.

Then what are you?

I become things. Flying things. Ravens and crows and rooks, especially.

Oh! A Bird Shifter. You're still a flying thing, and you can still fly with me, Midnight told him dismissively. Have you a name?

No, the new mobat replied, too startled to make up something. It didn't seem fair that the youngling understood the nature of his existence without any awe or respect, but treated it as an ordinary event.

Unless it was.

Do you know many shifters? the new mobat asked, as the youngling was apparently thinking of a name for him.

Oh, there's the Dog Shifter and the Wyvern. They teach magic to My Princess. She's too good for the Dog Shifter, but he stays on because there's no one else to teach. Too few Practitioners in this Zone.

A wyvern? Something rippled and shuddered inside of the new mobat, something like knowledge he had tried to forget. And then it passed.

I will stay, the new mobat said in a quiet tone. I will stay and I will watch over this sleeping Princess. She intrigues me. And I will fly with you, and teach you the ways of flying that I have learned.

Midnight was overjoyed, in the way that the truly young could feel joy. He whooped and flew in circles, startling the pale guard at the door. As for the new mobat, he was very intrigued by the entire situation. It was new, and interesting, and a thousand times better than leading a flock of ravens or crows or rooks, no matter how intelligent the entire flock could be.
***
"What do you mean, you won't go to the Harvest Festival? You have to! There's a formal Meeting to be held there!" the Queen shouted at DG, who was looking at a roughly drawn map with Cain, Raw and Glitch. Ambrose, the Queen thought. She should be calling him Ambrose, but it was all too easy to think of him as Glitch when he wasn't quite back to where he had been as Ambrose.

"We're busy, Mom," DG said, not even looking up from the map. She pointed to one section of it. "There. That looks like a good spot to cross. If she doesn't know we still have this map, then I'm fairly sure she isn't going to look in a Lunchpail Grove."

"Not to mention, it's a good place to stock up for food," Glitch said with a smile.

"DG! You have duties to perform for the OZ!"

She looked up then, eyes wide and clear and unafraid. "Of course I do, Mother," she said in a conciliatory tone. "That's why I have to do this. Considering how close the Mirror Zone and the OZ are, any of their inhabitants could come here seeking refuge. We're not equipped to handle that right now. So if we depose Lurlaine and get Ozma on the throne, their people don't have to leave." She came over and pressed a kiss against the Queen's cheek. "Can you make the excuses for me?"

The Queen sighed and nodded. "I always do."

"Thanks, Mother," DG chirped brightly. She moved back to the map of the Mirror Zone, standing next to Cain.

The Queen looked at the two of them, heads bent next to each other, occasionally looking at each other with the kind of glance she and Ahamo shared. She would have to talk to him about propriety. He was a Baron now, after all. With the rank came responsibilities and entitlements, and it also gave him enough cachet to begin to press a marriage suit. DG had already rejected three out of hand, but had to formally accept one to stop any further inquiries. She probably didn't realize that, and Cain couldn't be expected to understand such niceties.

Lord Siba looked dangerously unhappy when the Queen explained DG's absence as caring for her ailing sister Azkadellia. "She has duties to her people and our realm, Your Majesty," he said, voice tight with repressed anger.

"She also has duties to family," the Queen said, voice laced with disapproval.

Siba stood and faced the assembled peerage of the Queen's court. "This doesn't bode well for our future, if the concerns of her people matter to her so little. Is it because she's an Other Sider? Does she think she's too good for our attention and devotion to the House of Gale?"

The Queen bristled at that. Ahamo was an Other Sider and the Other Side had kept her daughter safe when she couldn't. These petty nobles refused to see that. "Lord Siba, your concerns are without merit."

"But are they really, my Queen?" Baron Winter of Ruby Gulch asked, standing to gain her attention. "She was raised on the Other Side, and even though it saved her life, it also set her apart from our customs. She doesn't seem to embrace our way of life. Perhaps she misses it there and wishes to return to that life?"

Before the Queen could answer that, the Baron Armin of Caronet rose to his feet. "My Queen, as much as it pains me to voice concerns about the governance of our land, I must insist on it. Your eldest daughter, the Princess Azkadellia was under the control of an evil Sorceress and even now is still in recovery from a mysterious illness no one knows anything about. Your youngest is now our Crown Princess, and she hasn't been seen since her introduction ball some months ago, when she disappeared partway through the evening. I am not sure that this bodes well for our country."

The Queen wanted to cover her ears and drown out the assenting murmurs in her court. She had never liked the back and forth of these sessions, and had usually left it to Ambrose to run.

Only, he wasn't Ambrose any longer, and she had to do this herself.

"And the new baronies!" one of the baronets called out, aggrieved. "Why should Bonafede, Keystone and Stoneveil be given to those who carry no royal or noble blood? Royal commendations would be thanks enough for that kind."

The Queen wanted to shout them down or simply walk out of the room. But that wasn't the way of royalty, and it wasn't how she wanted her time in court to be remembered. The nameless baronets and ladies in waiting all waited for her reaction. She had to do or say something, even if the first thing she wanted to do was hide.

She stood and stared at every face in the room. "These concerns do not have merit. The daughters of the House of Gale have the best interests of the OZ at heart, and undertook great sacrifice to keep this realm safe. They will continue to do so, and the Crown Princess has important duties that she is currently attending to."

Siba recognized the implicit rules drawn in those statements. Put up and shut up had never sat well with him, and this was no different.

"Oh, I'm sure she does," Siba said, voice unctuous as he could make it. His insides were boiling, however. First the chit rejects him in less than ten words. Now she didn't even deign to show up. He curled his lip in derision at the Queen and decided to throw the gauntlet. "I just don't think these duties are of great importance to the OZ. I don't think the great House of Gale has the best interests of our people at heart any longer. I don't think any of the House of Gale are fit to rule."

There was stunned silence across the entire court.

The Queen repressed the urge to scream at Siba. "Are you threatening us?" she asked when she found her voice.

"Stating a fact," Siba said, voice strong and sure. The Queen was still shaken, and he seized on that. "I wouldn't dream of undermining your authority, Your Majesty, but currently there doesn't seem to be any to undermine."

Despite the gasps of the ladies-in-waiting, there was no immediate outcry. The Queen was frozen in place, staring at Siba incredulously. She should do something, reprimand him or punish him, something. But her lips refused to work, and she couldn't think. "Get out of my court," she hissed finally, aware it was a weak response. "You are no longer welcome in my sight!"

Siba's lip curled in derision as he contemplated her. "Gladly. The OZ needs a strong hand in control, and this court is a farce I no longer wish to participate in."

And to the Queen's growing horror, Barons Winter and Armin joined Siba as he left the audience chamber. Some of the baronets left as well.

She sank down into her throne, throat constricted. What had just happened? What did it mean?

"If there is nothing else to discuss," she said in a voice that didn't sound like her own, "I will declare this meeting concluded."

And really, there was nothing else to say.
***
***