Gaila is lost in San Francisco, and she doesn't care. Shining towers of glass and steel thrust high into the blue-gray sky above her, shuttles flash the diffuse light as they soar like metal birds, and down at ground level people stream around her in a multihued bustle. She leans against the polished stone facade behind her and watches Terran city life to her fill, relaxing into the impersonal flow of the crowd.

"So pretty!" Gaila hears beside her, to her right and a little down. She glances over to agree and sees a small Human girl wearing a pink garment, purple jacket, and red shoes inset with rows of flashing button-lights. The girl's gleaming black curls are fastened with bands into two symmetrical puffs bracketing her head, her skin's a soft glowing brown, and her smile's so bright and wide it's impossible not to smile back.

So Gaila does, and the small girl smiles even wider. "You're not Human!" she cries, and that daunts Gaila a bit, but before her smile can more than start to slip the girl goes on, "You're a Star Lady!", pointing up with both little hands. "You're from the sky!"

Gaila feels her heart lift as if it really could move around inside her, the girl's cheer catching in her like a taper lit from another. "I am," she agrees, and the girl bounces in place, an untrained dance of excitement that edges Gaila's happiness with reminiscence. "Where I'm from you would be the Star Lady."

"I will be!" The girl darts up to Gaila, pressing to her leg and looking up at her with huge dark eyes. "When I'm grown up I'm going to space, to all the stars and all their planets! I'm going to yours and I'll tell them hi from the pretty Star Lady!"

Gaila really, sincerely hopes this little girl goes nowhere near the stations where she was reared or anywhere else in Syndicate-controlled space, at least not until she's a trained spacefarer with a sidearm at her hip and a crew to back her up. Picturing that in the back of her mind, she kneels to the girl's level. "You will be a wonderful explorer, I can --"

"Margueta!" The girl spins as a woman behind her shouts what has to be her name. Gaila stands as the woman rushes up through the crowd; she has an older version of Margueta's face and a suspicious look frosted over with apology as she grabs the girl's hand. "Oh, Miss, I'm sorry my daughter bothered you. Margueta, how many times have I told you not to run off and scare me like that!"

"Sorry, Mama," Margueta says entirely unapologetically, and waves to Gaila as her mother pulls her away. "Bye, Star Lady!"

"Goodbye!" Gaila calls, impulsively adding, "Star Girl!" and the last she sees of Margueta is one more bright smile.