A few nights later, when Lister came back to their hut after work, Rimmer greeted him with a rather more enthusiastic kiss than was normal. “Mmmm, what are you so pleased about?” he asked finally, leaning back to look him in the face. 

“I spoke to Jason today,” Rimmer replied, his eyes twinkling, “He’s coming over for dinner tomorrow night.”

“You spoke to Jason?” Lister felt a stab of shock deep in his stomach. “When? Where?”

“Around lunchtime. I came round to find you but he said you were off in the fields somewhere with Adam. So, while I was there I suggested he might like to come over for a bite to eat...”

“You mean...” Lister said weakly, “You really want to go through with this?”

“Of course!” Rimmer beamed at him.

“But I...I thought that was just pillow talk, man!” Lister said, stepping back from their embrace; “I didn’t think you would actually want to...”

Rimmer came back down to earth and started to realise that his news was not being received in the manner he’d hoped. He forced himself to reign in his excitement and looked carefully at his lover. “Listy?” he prodded gently. Lister said nothing; but his expression told Rimmer everything he needed to know.

“I thought you liked the idea,” he said gently, reaching out to take his hand. Lister squeezed it gratefully. 

“I did,” he admitted sheepishly, “But...only as an idea, man. It was sexy to just talk about it, you know, and imagine what it might be like. But to actually do it...I really don’t know...” 

“But it will be just like we imagined,” Rimmer promised. He slid his arms around Lister’s waist; “I just want him to know how wonderful you are,” he whispered; “I want to share how incredible you make me feel. And I want to give you the best night you’ll ever have in your life.” 

“We don’t need Jason for that,” Lister told him quietly.

“My mistake. Should I have asked Kriss instead?” Rimmer smiled mischievously. Lister fixed him with a look, only half-smiling. Even though they’d been together a year, Rimmer still felt threatened by Kriss. At least he was at the stage where he could joke about it, but he just couldn’t seem to let it go completely. “Don’t start with me on that, Rimmer.”

“Alright, alright; I was only teasing. My point is that I want this to be something wonderful for you. Something more than I could give you on my own.”

“I know it sounds good,” Lister said weakly, “But, Rimmer, I just think...” 

“It would be so hot,” Rimmer purred persuasively, “Think how it will feel to have both of us fucking you at once. Think how good it will be.” Lister swallowed hard. It was an image that his brain was way too keen to supply for him and he had to admit it was hot. But he was also horribly aware that this was very dangerous territory. This was the kind of thing that could destroy a relationship. And Jason...why of all people did it have to be Jason?

“I just... I don’t want you to hate me afterwards,” he said finally, holding tightly to Rimmer; “And if wasn’t how you imagined, or you started to change your mind, or if things just went horribly wrong...I don’t want anything to ruin what we have.” 

Rimmer shushed him gently, “You know I could never hate you. And you know I would never even consider doing this if I thought there was any chance that it could hurt us. I love you, Listy, and if this isn’t what you want, then we won’t do it. End of story.”

Lister paused awkwardly. Rimmer really wanted him to do this; he could tell. If he put his foot down now and told him ‘no’, he would be nice about it and he wouldn’t argue...but he would be disappointed. Very. But he couldn’t do this just to make Rimmer happy. This wasn’t some silly everyday domestic compromise; this was serious. If he felt uncomfortable about doing this he had to say so. To pretend, and go through with it when he really didn’t want to, would be more damaging to their relationship than if he were just to refuse. But then...

He felt awful about it, but part of him did want to do this. It was hot and sexy and wild, and he had no doubt at all that it would be a mind-blowing experience. But should he really do this with Jason after what had already happened between them? Although Jason had apparently respected his decision to keep their relationship on an absolutely platonic level, and had made no further attempt to push that boundary, he knew in his heart that - despite their pretences - he and Jason just didn’t think about each other in a purely platonic manner. Everything in his soul told him it would be a bad idea to blow on this fire when it was so, so nearly out; that he risked burning all three of them.

But then maybe...just maybe...this could work. If he and Jason could satisfy their attraction legitimately, without guilt, then perhaps they could get over it and go back to being just friends. With the mystery gone, the physical desire sated and the sense of the forbidden taken away, they might very well find that the annoying little spark between them finally fizzled. Which would, Lister had to admit, be one hell of a relief. 

Yes...This could work. Rimmer would get his fantasy, Jason would get his fantasy and Lister would get them both; for the evening anyway.

“Dave?” Rimmer pressed gently, “I mean it. You don’t have to do this. We can still have a nice, pleasant evening that ends with Jason leaving after dinner without any funny stuff whatsoever, if that’s what you want. Just say the word.” 

Lister took a deep breath, then looked up into his face and smiled, “Well...Maybe I could be persuaded...” Rimmer grinned ecstatically and Lister reached over to tap his nose teasingly; “If you give me a little preview of what’s in store, that is...”