Day by day, Alice becomes accustomed to Chessur’s presence at the breakfast table; blowing cat hair off of her plate before helping herself to edibles becomes second nature. She becomes accustomed to watching Tarrant don his hat before his ascot, vest, jacket, and shoes; more than once she’d experimented with the adaptability of his daily regime by borrowing his hat... interestingly enough, he never had elected to continue dressing without it firmly in its proper place. She becomes accustomed to calling him “husband” (an endearment she often employs with the sole intention of jerking his attention away from whatever oddity happens to be consuming it but which invariably results in a luminous smile and a husky reply, “Yes, my wife?”). She becomes accustomed to the progressive changes to the Room that is the Bottom of Her Heart and comes to look forward to the next addition: a hat-and-coat rack had been the most recent following the appearance of a very handsome gentleman’s writing desk. She becomes accustomed to the sheet-covered dress form that lurks mysteriously in the corner of her Room, mocking her inability to understand its purpose. She becomes accustomed to life without the Royal Court and croquet matches and long, formal dinners, and giggle interspersed gossip. 

She also becomes accustomed to long baths during which she tries... and continually fails, to explore that which Tarrant wishes for her to one day teach him: her pleasure. 

It evades her like a field mouse from a Bandersnatch. She feels too awkward, too inelegant, too clumsy and grasping and desperate to enjoy much of anything. Day by day, she loses her motivation to try. And, day by day, she reminds herself of the reason she had agreed to try. No, she had agreed to do more than try! She had told Tarrant she would find a way! 

The path to that knowledge however, is beginning to crumble beneath her feet at her lack of progress. Her enthusiasm dries up like drought-plagued vegetation. When it takes her a good five minutes to muster the impetus to apply the soapy wash cloth to her own knees (which are not unusually ticklish and could – in fact – do with a good scrubbing) she realizes that she must be going about this Wrong. (Most especially if her normal bathing routine is beginning to sour her stomach!) It is time to regroup, to rethink and re-hatch a plan. 

Luckily, the plan she comes up with is utterly dashed to bits before she can live to regret it. 

When she awakes the next morning, Tarrant is already up and about of course – blast , but she’s going to need a case of insomnia to catch the man asleep! – but she doesn’t let that ruffle her. Still muzzy from sleep, she kisses his cheek, plops into her chair at the breakfast table, gestures to Chessur that he has cream on his whiskers that requires his attention, sips her tea and thinks positive! 

Yes, there is absolutely no reason whatsoever to not take her... concerns to the Queen. Yes, it will be an uncomfortable conversation, but she is determined to minimize the discomfort. She will present the facts, request reference materials or – in the event that tomes on the subject of a woman’s enjoyment of... intimacy are not available in Underland – demand anecdotal evidence. 

Stay positive! she reminds herself, as Tarrant pours her a second cuppa. 

“Why, Alice,” Chessur drawls. “If I didn’t know any better... I’d think you were plotting something.” 

“Plotting?” she parrots, trying her best to look surprised and not surprisingly guilty. 

“I must concur,” Tarrant contributes, leaning his chin on his hand and pondering her expression. “ That is the look of a Plot Thickening...” 

“It couldn’t possibly—!” she denies. 

“But it is,” he states flatly. 

“And, as Tarrant has quite a bit of experience with those sorts of political maneuvers, I’m afraid you’ll just have to admit that he’s correct,” Chessur informs her with irritating superiority. Alice manages to not glare at him... for too long. 

Eight more days, she reminds herself. Surely, she has the fortitude (or, failing that, the stubbornness) to make it through the remaining mornings of their Courtship without finding a way to cover Chessur in honey and sic the humming birds on him... Although she does enjoy the mental image of that unrepentantly . 

“Now, Alice, all I ask for is the truth,” Tarrant assures her, drawing her attention away from retribution. He removes his cuff links and shakes his wrists a bit. She notices his quirked brows and realizes he’s attempting to remind her of their bargain – he is asking in his shirtsleeves so she must answer honestly whatever question he poses. And the one he chooses this morning is: 

“ Are you Plotting something?” 

“Yes.” 

“Ah!” he replies, leaning back in his seat, looking (bewilderingly) both relaxed and delighted. “Do you require any assistance?” 

“Not at the present time,” she assures him, marveling that he is not pressing for Details. 

“But you will let me know if that changes?” 

“Of course.” It’s an easy promise to make, especially since she has no intention of failing. 

Tarrant’s easy acceptance of her plan, whatever it is, actually solves a problem that she had been anticipating: how to excuse herself from his presence long enough to do what Must Be Done and yet not reveal precisely What She Is Up To. Following breakfast and quick bit of washing up and expeditious dressing, Alice sees no reason to Put Things Off. 

“Tarrant,” she says, pulling him away from inspecting his jacket for needful repairs and mending. 

“Yes, my dear?” 

“I’ll be going out for a bit,” she tells him baldly. 

His brows twitch. “Is this pertaining to that Plot you have Thickened?” 

“Yes. I believe it’s at the proper consistency now.” 

“May I offer any assistance?” 

“No, thank you, but you may wish me luck.” 

He giggles, stands, gathers her bare hands in his, and, kissing her knuckles one at a time, whispers a word between each swift press of his warm lips to her skin, “Good luck, Champion Alice. May you return speedily and victorious.” 

And with a blessing like that, how can she not? 

Indeed. How can she not? 

“Are you quite certain?” Alice asks the fish butler stationed outside the castle kitchens. She’d very nearly traipsed through the entire castle (and then some!) looking for the Queen – the painting over the mantle in the Queen’s parlor had sent her to the library and (after a peek at the titles, none of which had seemed very... informative on the subject she is attempting to research) the rug there had pointed her toward the conservatory... where a planter of rather enthusiastic Johnny Jump Ups had ordered her to the East Gardens and so on! And now, here she is after finally having located a frog footman who had managed a comprehensible croak and the fish butler is insisting ... 

“Yes, Champion Alice. I’m afraid the Queen was most adamant. She is working with a very delicate recipe to-day and must not be disturbed.” 

“Well, would you happen to know when she might be finished?” 

“By Tuesday, most definitely.” 

“Tues...! But to-day is Friday! ” 

“It does appear to be so.” 

Oh, bloody everlasting—! 

Alice glowers at the closed doors, as if the Queen will somehow sense her frustration and answer the mute summons. Nothing happens. And Alice has no way of knowing if the castle – Beniford (and she still isn’t used to the idea of the castle itself watching her!) – has informed the Queen of Alice’s petition to see her. 

She resists gritting her teeth, stamping her foot, or something equally juvenile and unhelpful and proposes, “Perhaps if I left a note for you to slip under the door?” 

“The doors object to such treatment, Champion Alice, on account of the ticklish sensation it causes which they cannot address.” 

“... Oh.” 

With a sigh that feels as if it has laboriously traveled up from the very soles of her feet, Alice concedes defeat and turns away. She does not head back to the suite, however. She is not ready to let Tarrant see her so disappointed and despondent, especially after all the marvelously thoughtful luck he had wished her! 

She has a vague thought of finding Mally and ask the dormouse to... expand on her instructions. But... Mally will want to know why Alice requires this advice even though she is on her honeymoon. The fact that Alice has questions of this nature will imply that something is wrong between her and Tarrant, for he is her husband and would she not take these matters to him? By asking Mally, Alice will be giving the dormouse the impression that Tarrant has not been... sufficiently taking Alice’s Needs into account (after all, they are on their honeymoon and people will naturally assume that she and her husband are doing the sorts of things that newly-wed married couples do ) which might lead to very uncomfortable and unforgivable misunderstandings. No, Alice most assuredly does not want Mally to confront Tarrant (on Alice’s behalf and despite Alice’s reassurances that everything is fine ) over his poor... performance . Why, the accusation itself – utterly false though it is – would not only damage Tarrant’s friendship with Mally but also his own confidence; she would rather lie to him – tell him that she has found a way to enjoy her own touch – than allow him to believe that his friend would think so little of him. Nor would Tarrant be particularly pleased to know that Alice had discussed such intimate matters with his friend. 

Yes, talking to Mally would not be a Good Idea. 

But whom else is there? 

Alice bites back a growl of frustration as she plods along the corridor. Surely, there must be someone in whom she can confide!