James Lance Bass stood silently in the corner of the courtyard and waited on the cart along with the other 'goods and chattell' that had been sent as a gift to his new master. He knew why he was here, it didn't matter that he was shy or that his faith did not allow for this type of servitude, he had been born into service and there he would remain for the rest of his natural life and due to his looks he would serve out that time as a whore. He shuddered at the thought, his previous master had not been a kind one and the recent bruises on his back reminded him of their last encounter, his master, Lord of Mississippi had never used him for anything other than beating but had taken much joy in telling him that his new master would no doubt use him thoroughly. Now he had to wait to see what was to become of him and how he would be used in the courts of Orlando.

Rumours of a malicious and austere ruler in the Kingdom of Florida spread through the slave ranks as they had travelled and now that they had arrived at their final destination there was a sense of foreboding.

"Move it slaves. We have another two transits to unload with more worthy goods than you." The man in charge said as he unloaded the carts. He was a large man, built as if he were a soldier not a slave and he carried a heavy whip that the slave did not like the look of as he followed the rest of the line out he wondered what was to become of him and tried to hide his face by looking down at the ground. Maybe if they did not notice him they would not send him to the brothels and he would join the others in the fields.

"Wait!" Called a voice as the slaves continued to file out of the crowded cart and onto the hard cobbles of the courtyard. Lance froze as he heard the voice and wondered what a man with such a foreign accent was doing in this strange land, maybe he would not be the only one that had travelled such a long way to come here. Lance risked looking up to see the other man and noticed that he had dark hair and eyes and looked so different from all those that he had ever met. "There is one that is special among them." The dark man said, Lance could not help but look up at the other slaves to try and see who it was he spoke of.

"I am sorry Master Joseph." The man with the whip began. "You know the rules sir. Slaves are not to be left with you."

"It is not for me you impudent wretch. Do not forget yourself. I am still your master." Lance wondered if this was the King that he had heard so many harsh stories about, the big man certainly seemed to have a violent temper. "The King grows weary and I believe that one among them may amuse him."

"Of Course Master." The man with the whip said, slightly taken aback at the chastisement but hiding it well. "Which of them do you wish to take to his majesty?"

"The albino." Joseph told him and the man with the whip approached Lance quickly and pulled him out of the line, not worried when the slave winced at the pulling of his already bruised and damaged limbs. Lance felt the man's hot breathe on his face as he whispered to him.

"If the King doesn't want you I'll be sure to have you brought to the barracks." The man said before pushing him toward Joseph, Lance stumbled and fell to his knees only to find strong arms under his arms and pulling him up.

"You have no reason to bow to me." Joseph told him in a hushed tone. "I am not your master, as he is not mine. Come, we must prepare you for his highness." Lance felt a strong sense of fear wash over him as he knew that with those words his fate was sealed, he was born as a slave and would die as one but worse than that was the fact that he would live his life as not only a slave but as a whore.

-------------------------

Lance was weary from his travels but was too scared not to follow the bigger man as he followed him through the cobble stoned yard and into the cool stone rooms at the back of the palace. He knew that they were entering slave quarters from the shabby looking state of the rooms, if these had been palatial apartments there would be hangings on the wall and furnishings would line much wider corridors. Lance may be a slave but he was not stupid, it was just that no one credited a slave with any knowledge.

"You are very quiet, have you no questions?" Joseph asked him as he turned, surprised to see that the younger man was walking slowly and not looking at the surroundings very much. He seemed almost resigned to almost any fate that they dared to throw at him.

"My master did not permit me to question him my lord." Lance said, careful to remember that while this man was not his master he still demanded respect, he had done so with the overseer in the square. His humble answer was met with a laugh.

"What's your name?" Joseph asked him, Lance shook.

"James Lance Bass, my previous master called me James." He said, he had loathed the way that the man could turn even his name into a derogatory remark, it had been his father's name and he had liked it until the other man had sullied it with overture and innuendo.

"But I bet your friends call you Lance." Joseph said, Lance looked down at his feet, Joseph felt his heart almost break as he realised that such a cruel master probably did not allow bonds such as friendship to grow. "Perhaps we shall call you Lance then."

"Sir...I..." Lance began, he looked up and there were tears in his eyes. Joseph smiled, he had made a good choice of slave for the master. King Joshua had a weak spot for those that had been trodden on by life, he felt some kinship with them. "Thank you." Lance said softly, hoping that it would not earn him the punishment that he was sure was coming. If the King was as he had been described then he would need all of the friends that he could get.

"You have a question?" Joseph asked, Lance looked at him directly and then opened his mouth.

"What am I to be?" He asked. Joseph smiled.

"Whatever his highness asks of you." Joseph said with a small smile, trying to lessen the impact of his words. Lance nodded and then moved forward, the conversation was over and he wanted to meet his fate while he could still stand. Joseph allowed the silence and hoped that Joshua would bring more out of the boy than he had been able to, or at least that the King would love him as he deserved.

---------------------

Joshua sat in his study staring at the latest figures of tithes and taxes, he was one of the richest rulers in the Kingdoms of the Americas and his hard work was renowned but lately the business as usual mask that he hid behind was slipping and he had begun to wonder if his life would ever be more than the chores of duty and obligation. There had been a time when there was more in his life, when Bobbie had been alive and he had been in love as much as a man ever could be he had taken time out to enjoy life, now he had a son that was brought up by a nursemaid and his wife was gone. She had given him the heir required of her but died in the process and he was left to face the rest of his life alone. Joshua was so lost in thought that he almost missed the knock when it came.

"Enter." He called as the pounding fist continued, no doubt they were announcing yet another gift from some Lord or other that wished to gain his favour, it was amazing what people would do when they heard that he was willing to invest in other realms, he certainly had too much money for just his own lands and those that he had conquered in Georgia and Alabama. The problem was that he also had impressive armies and that meant that often people were scared, stories had arisen that he was a harsh man and a wicked one when really he only wanted to rule with truth and fairness.

"My Lord." Joseph said with a flourish as he entered, Joshua stared at him his eyes glazing over. Sometimes he wondered why it was that he put up with this man, it was not as if Joseph was his responsibility.

"What is it Joseph?" He asked with a sigh, ever since his bride had died the man had been trying to find some new way of tormenting him and Joshua was seriously considering banishing the man just so that he could get a moment's peace.

"The new shipment came in this morning, a gift from Lord Jackson from Mississippi." Joseph said. "I thought that you may wish to view some of the merchandise first hand."

Joshua smiled as he thought over exactly why it was that this man was sending him gifts. In the neighbouring states there was always talk of Joshua's need for more land and that he was trying to unite the Kingdoms under his rule, sending him gifts was one way they thought that they could influence him. It rarely worked but it meant that his kingdom was rich with the best of everything.

"Joseph, I tire of this. I am not interested in whatever trinket it is that Marcus sent over. Frankly I bore with your constant irritations too." Joshua said, his voice bordering on anger. Lance chose that moment to walk in behind Joseph, he had been straggling behind and was not aware that he was not supposed to have entered the chamber without Joshua's express permission.

"Lance..." Joseph said warningly, knowing that he ought to have spoken to him before.

"No, let the man enter." Joshua said, suddenly paying attention. He was intrigued by the blonde man that had half stumbled in to his room. Lance seemed to have less formal training and he was definitely not one of the spoiled slaves that was usually sent to him as a gift, it was almost as if Lance was not trained for court at all and that interested Joshua. "Come closer, what is your name?"

"I am James Lance Bass, my last master called me James." Lance said, he looked at the surroundings and heard a gentle cough from Joseph and a look of abject horror crossed Lance's face before he fell to his knees. "I'm sorry your highness, I didn't know..." He began as the fear crept into his voice, Joseph expected wrath but instead Joshua knelt next to Lance and stroked his back gently telling him that it was okay and that he would not be punished. As soon as the hand touched him Lance flinched and Joshua sat up.

"Joseph, shut the door." He said, not liking the tone in the King's voice Joseph did just that and knew instinctively that he was to stay too. "Lance, I want you to stand and remove your tunic." Joshua told him, Lance knew that this was it, this was the time when he would begin his life as a whore. Not wanting to incur the wrath of his new master anymore than he may have already he lifted off his tunic which left him utterly naked, as a slave he was not allowed to wear britches or short pants as other men in court did.

Joshua gasped as he saw the welts and bruises that littered the younger man's back. Lance did not look much more than nineteen, only a few months as a slave and he looked more scarred than a lot of the older soldiers in Joshua's army, most of them were superficial but they spoke of untold torment and torture at the hands of a cruel master. Lance trembled a little from fear and a little from the coolness of the air against his skin, he knew that he must look a state it had been days since he had bathed and his body was stuck with dry blood, dirt from the road and sweat from his exertion in the long trek from Mississippi. Maybe his new master would not want him and he would be sent out to the fields, although judging by the look in the King's eyes that was not going to happen.

"Who did this?" Joshua asked as he reached out a hand and gently touched an area of skin that was not bruised. Lance shifted slightly but knew enough not to run from his master's touch.

"Sire, It...It was my Master, Lord Jackson. I made him angry by disobeying his orders. I needed to be punished." Lance said. Josh knew that it was the words that he had been trained to say, he had heard them a number of times before and this was not new, what was knew was to hear Lance almost defending his master, he truly believed that it was his fault. Lance's insecurity and timidity was endearing but also troubled Joshua.

"No one deserves this." Joshua said as he picked up the discarded tunic and handed it back to Lance. "You may dress." He said. "I am sorry to cause you embarrassment, next time you are not so clothed we will be alone." He said, trying not to make the words sound too suggestive. "Joseph, take Lance out and have his wounds seen to and make sure that he is fed and clothed then bring him back to my chambers." He said.

"Yes My Liege." Joseph said as he showed Lance out of the door before moving to follow him.

"Oh and Joseph." He said. "If you interrupt me again with something this trivial I will see to it that you are punished." Joseph nodded solemnly and then shut the door after them.

Joshua smiled. Maybe now that he had accepted what it was that Joseph was trying to do the other man would stop, he felt something for Lance and even if it was only a passing attraction he wanted to help the young slave. There had been a pain in the boy's eyes that should not be there and he wanted to get rid of it and help him. There was also the fact that the haunted green eyes reminded him of his beloved. Maybe this would not be so bad after all.

----------------

Lance had been amazed by the small tour that Joseph had given him and the tales he had been told, Joseph did not mention what his job was nor did Lance ask but Joseph told him a little of the history of the man that he was to serve. King Joshua had started his reign at the young age of 14, being married when he was 16 and a father at 17 his wife had died a year ago and now he was mourning her. Lance was to be the King's first 'guest' since his wife's passing. Lance was taken to a room that reminded him of the bathhouse that his previous master infrequently used, the difference was that this one was private and not one visited by several members of the public as he had seen Lord Jackson use. Joseph spoke in hushed tones to the large man that stood to one side and then he had indicated for Lance to go over.

Over the next hour Lance felt as if he were the King as he was washed, massaged and after a little protest shaved until he felt cleaner than he had in a long while. Joseph had used a balm on his bruises that took away the pain and the few welts that he had were cleaned and covered. When he was finally ready he stood in a tunic longer than the one that he had worn and wore shorts under it, both were of the softest cotton and he was surprised that he was handed sandals too. After he was dressed and clean he looked to Joseph apprehensively wondering what his fate was to be.

"It's okay." Joseph said as they approached the chambers, coming back up the same corridor that they had gone down. "Joshua is a fair master, he will not punish you unless it is necessary."

"I fear it will be necessary often." Lance said. "Master Jackson said I was spawned from the devil himself."

Joseph shook his head at the words. It seemed as if Lance was a lot more vulnerable than he had first thought and he wondered if he had made the right choice. As they were announced in the chambers by the King's royal bodyguard he knew that this could backfire just as easily as succeed and he hoped that it was not something that he would regret. He really did need to think before he acted.

"That will be all Joseph." Joshua said as the man lingered longer than was required and Lance hesitated by his side. "You may retire for the night, Lance will keep me entertained."

Lance looked across to where the King lounged on a day bed that could easily sit three people and was not surprised when he motioned for him to join him. Hearing the click that meant that Joseph was gone and he was alone in here with his master he stepped forward, reaching as he moved for the hem of his tunic, his hands were met by Joshua's as he neared the bed.

"Not yet." Joshua said, his own voice tinged with a sense of trepidation. "Let's talk first." Lance let out the breath he had been holding and agreed, laying tentatively on the edge of the day bed. Joshua began to tell him some of what Joseph had mentioned, about losing his wife and about being alone for so long, Lance was surprised that his master was letting him in on all of it until he heard the words.

"I am not looking to replace the Queen. Bobbie was my life, but Joseph is right. It is time that I began to be more than the absent monarch that the people of my lands are used to. I have not had anyone close for a while and I have not been out in longer. I want you to be the person that helps me find myself again." He said. "I want you to be my companion."

Lance didn't know if he was supposed to answer but when he felt a hand on his own he held it and then allowed himself to be pulled closer. When he got into Joshua's arms he could feel his eyes were wet with tears as he knew that he was not going to end up a whore, the question was what would be expected of him and how would he as a mere slave help the King?

------------------

The next few days flew by as Joshua began to enjoy life with a new passion, Joseph saw the change in his King and was glad, Lance did not notice but he was too busy enjoying the attention that was being lavished on him. There was measurements for new clothes, those made from only the finest materials and in the nicest colours and Joshua made it clear to others that Lance was to be treated as more than a slave. He was allowed certain freedoms that other slaves were not and Joshua had made it clear to him that there was a level of responsibility with his position which others would expect from him.

"Lance, you are to be the companion of one of the most powerful leaders in the country, people will expect certain things of you and in return you can expect certain responsibilities and freedoms that other slaves do not have. For example, freedom to move around the castle as Joseph has and a chance for an education. I would like it if you decided to learn a new skill or two so that you might be a more rounded companion."

Lance had gasped at that, his parents had taught him some rudimentary education and he had hidden for a long time the fact that he could read or write as it would have meant certain death as a slave who had no right to an education, maybe now he could finally tell the truth.

"I read and write well." Lance admitted hesitantly. "I was taught as a child but it has been a while. I learn quickly."

"Well then your education should be of court and of what it is to be a gentleman." Joshua said. "It will be expected that you know how to behave in court when you stand at my side as both friend and servant. Perhaps training with a sword too, although I am not sure that the courtiers will be happy if I arm a slave."

"I can fight." Lance said with a blush. "I was trained for the trials as a child too." Joshua's gaze widened as he realised what Lance was saying, this innocent had been trained so that he could fight as a gladiator, a sport that was outlawed in the three provinces of his own kingdom. This meant that the slave knew how to handle a sword too. So it was only the pomp and circumstance of court that he needed to learn, still that would take a while.

"You will be presented to court next month." Joshua said. "We will make sure that you are ready." He said and then he had left Lance with an ageing tutor. The old man had begun to speak of greetings and ceremony and Lance had wondered if this was all it meant to be a companion. Surely there was more to it than ceremonies and appearances for the sake of the court.

-----------------

The build up to the big day was tense, Lance was measured for new robes, those that would befit the companion of the King and spent a lot of time with both his tutor and Joseph preparing for his inauguration into the inner circle of high society. He knew how to shake hands with royalty and lords, he knew the greetings of different states and the correct responses and he knew more than he ever wanted to about polite topics of conversation and what he was to say. Lance was a bag of nerves by the time the night of the ball that was to be held in Joshua's honour where he was to be presented to the royal court. If it had not been for his expected presence with Joshua he would have feigned illness, but this was all the King had spoken of for weeks and he knew that his master was looking forward to it. After all his highness had done for him surely Lance could make one sacrifice.

There was first a long procession of people to greet, hands to shake and ladies to flatter. Lance found the third to be the most arduous. Although he had often admired the servant girls of the palace he had been raised to know that his place was in the bed of his Master and not with some girl, not unless his owner saw fit to breed him. It appeared as if all manner of Royalty had come out to greet him and while he knew that they were really there to see if it was true that King Joshua had taken a lover he felt like a side show spectacle by the time all others had passed and had their fill of gawking at this man that the King had accepted into his bed.

Lance found himself the guest of honour, sitting on the right hand side of the King at the highest table. There was entertainment and revelry and Lance felt as if he ought to be enjoying himself more than he was; he was so busy trying to take it all in and remember all that he had learned of court that he almost missed Joshua leaning over and kissing him. They had done very little together but Joshua was always extremely affectionate but it was always in private. This was the first public display of any such affections.

"They expect us to be involved." Joshua said as he reached down and pulled Lance closer to him for a second kiss. "A few kisses and they will know how important you are to me."

Lance was shocked, this was the first time that Joshua had spoken of feelings, at least those toward him. Lance leaned a little closer to the King and allowed himself to be kissed, enjoying the sensation of any lips on his. When Joshua pulled away he realised that a lot of those around him had stopped their conversation to watch, or merely gaze in surprise. It was apparent that some people did not believe he had taken a slave as his companion, it was perfectly legal, normal in fact to have a slave as a companion or bed warmer but he had always sworn only to love his wife. Now he felt not the same level of love but a slight burning of affection in his stomach and he wondered if that would be enough for Lance.

"My Lord. People are staring." Lance whispered to him with mortification, Josh knew that they were not bothered by his sexuality but that it was something Lance had problems with. His response was a gentle laugh as he ruffled Lance's spiked hair. Placing a gentle kiss on his companion's cheek Josh turned to the crowds and stared at one of the musicians who immediately began to play a jaunty piece, a few of the courtiers and some of the other royals got up to dance. Joshua reached out his hand and Lance took it and the two sat in silence as they watched the people dancing.

A few songs went by, some more people joined them on the floor and others sat down when they were tired. Lance knew that he and the King were expected to stay in their seats of which he was glad, he was never much of a dancer and it was one of the few things that his education had not covered.

Halfway through the fifth song Lance observed a man entering the room, he was not as well dressed as the other courtiers and was wearing riding boots still coated in the light dust from the road. The crowd parted as he strode in and Lance wondered who this man was. The most worrying thing was that he noticed that the man carried a sword in front of the King, not only that but it was visible. Lance knew a little of the laws of court and to enter another man's castle visibly armed was an offence punishable by death, even in Joshua's lands where other barbaric laws were ignored it would be upheld because above all else protecting the King was paramount.

"My Lord." The man greeted as he stood at the table, another violation all courtesans, servants, slaves and even minor courtiers were to bow in the King's presence, this man met his eye and did not flinch, even when there were a few gasps at his appearance and attitude. Joshua watched the crowd and wondered why it was that they still reacted this way, they knew full well what was going on and that this man in particular had complete freedom in his lands.

"Take a seat Old Man." Joshua said as he indicated the seat at his left, the side normally reserved for a wife, as the stranger took his seat Lance noticed Joseph coming through the crowds, he bowed gently to Joshua and then went to the other man, kneeling at his feet. This caused a small commotion and even the band stopped playing. Joshua laughed a little and then made a dismissing motion with his hand.

"Continue." He said with a slight flourish of the same hand. He then leaned in to Lance who seemed a little confused by the whole occurrence. He was about to speak when a louder voice interrupted.

"So it is true. I was up in Ole' Miss when I heard. Had to come back to see if it was true." Lance flinched at the familial name of the province which had once been his home. "So boy, what is your name."

"Lance, this is Lord Christopher." Joshua said, sitting back so that his friend and companion could greet each other. "Chris, this is my companion Lance Bass." Lance looked up to see the man that looked a little older than Joshua but just as handsome, he was sure that he knew the names of most of the Aristocracy in Mississippi and he did not remember a Lord Chris. He had learned a lot of the names of those within Joshua's realms too and again there was no Lord Christopher in their ranks.

"It is a pleasure to meet you Lord Christopher, Sir." Lance said as he averted his eyes as a show of respect. This was met with a chuckle from his lordship and a wry smile from the King.

"Well, it's a pleasure to meet you too Lance. There is no need for the 'Lord' though, or the 'Sir'. I'm no more a Lord than you are, it's just a piece of paper." Chris said. Lance did not understand but he was not about to ask, questioning was impertinent and that was something he would never be accused of again, he would just wait for it to be explained to him.

After a few more dances, or rather watching a few more, Joshua made excuses and left, gesturing that Lance follow. Much to his surprise and obviously that of some of the court Joshua held Lance's hand as they left, a sign that they were more lovers than Master and Slave. Once they were back in Joshua's chambers Lance helped his Master undress and then turned to leave. He felt a hand on his shoulder stilling him.

"Stay." Joshua said, his voice more a request than an order. Lance turned and saw the strained look on the King's face and took off his own tunic. The pair lay together, wearing only their shorts and talking softly until they fell into a deep sleep.

--------------------

Lance slept well and woke up alone in the vast bed, surrounded by the plush pillows of silk and satin that were befitting of a King. He panicked a little as he wondered what it was that he was doing there alone. He was supposed to accompany Joshua when he went to the bath house and be at his side, it was obvious that the King had gone and left him and he was sure that this meant he had displeased his highness.

Lance stood and pulled on the clean tunic that had been laid out for him and went out to the main rooms, he just hoped that the King was there and that the punishment for his lack of obedience was not too harsh.

"I'm sorry I overslept, my liege." Lance said as he entered the room, Joshua was not alone and for the first time Lance was glad that he had remembered to use the official title, he was allowed to call the monarch by his given name in private but there was someone else with him today and he did not wish to anger his Master more than he most likely had already.

"It's okay Lansten, don't worry so much." Christopher said, using the nickname that no one had used before, in truth Lance quite liked it. "Josh and I were just talking about some business, I was the one that woke him so early, I forgot that he had a reason to stay in bed a little longer these days."

A blush spread across Lance's cheeks as the words were spoken which brought a hearty chuckle from Lord Christopher. He was sure that there was very little sexual contact between the two but it was something that he had not known for certain until he had seen the companion's cheeks redden. Joshua smiled kindly to Lance and indicated that the slave take the seat next to him, they were in private after all and he was not one that stood on ceremony.

"Lance, you are welcome to sleep in as long as you like." Joshua explained, "Unless there is some task that you have to deal with." Lance's eyes widened as he wondered what task his master meant until he remembered that he had classes and such matters, surely that was all the King had meant.

"So, we were just talking about what we were going to do about Marcus." Chris said, as he wanted to get back to business, Joshua's full attention had been drawn away from the map by his companion but Chris wanted to get it done as soon as possible as he had his own companion waiting in his chambers for him.

Joshua turned his attention back to the plans and Chris had to give Lance credit, the lessons were obviously paying off because it took a skilled eye to see that the slave was tense at the mention of his former master. Chris wondered if Lance knew why it was that Joshua was thinking of fighting what could be a lengthy and expensive war. Joshua was not really capable of loving Lance, not when his heart still belonged to a long dead woman, but he could make up for the appalling conditions that Lance and no doubt countless other slaves had been kept in. That was what he planned to do and he was going to do it with the full strength of his armies.

-------------------