Keywords: FF, cons, interr, anal, toys
Part: Chapter 107
Author: Miranda Mars
Title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance

Chapter 107



          Shocked, emotionally drained, and sexually overwrought, Laura 
    locked the door and made herself another drink.  She was very sad 
    that this had happened, but in her experience--chiefly with Yvette, 
    and Sholandra, and Jonelle--she had found that they always came 
    back.  Once they had tasted what Laura had to give them, they 
    couldn't refuse it.

          Would it happen with Trina?  Things were so different with 
    her, complicated by the memory of Rina.  How true might it be that 
    Laura was trying to sleep with Trina just to recapture her memory of 
    Rina?  Who wouldn't feel the way Trina did, in the same situation?  
    Laura sympathized with her.

          And yet the memory of her body, her naked breasts and huge 
    nipples, wet and shiny with Laura's saliva, her beautiful face 
    contorted in sexual pleasure, so reminiscent of Rina's, was enough 
    to send Laura over the edge.  She was already trembling with pent-
    up, unsatisfied lust, awakened during the sweet moments when she had 
    been making love to Trina's breasts.  She knew she wouldn't be able 
    to sleep without a release.

          For the first time in months--she couldn't recall when she had 
    last done it--she lowered the lamp and disrobed, lying full-length 
    on the sofa.  There, caressing her breasts, which had not felt 
    Trina's mouth, and her pussy, which had not either, she brought 
    herself to an orgasm in under a minute, a shuddering, gasping 
    release that left her briefly in tears as she felt the deep contrast 
    with what might have been.

          The following days and nights she spent in a whirlwind of 
    fucking with Yvette, and Sholandra especially, since Sholandra 
    wasn't married, and therefore was easier to see.  Anything to forget 
    about the incident with Trina.  She even had another marathon 
    evening with Barbara, and was considering a call to Karen, 
    especially to mention Chanitra's interest in another threeway, when 
    one evening she herself got a call from Minneapolis.

          "I'm dying to fuck you," a familiar husky voice breathed into 
    the phone.

          Laura was shocked and wildly aroused in the same instant.  Kim 
    went on without even saying hello or stopping.

          "I dream of you all the time, my Stephanie, my own Stephanie 
    Seymour but better looking, who fucked me and made me come a zillion 
    times more than anyone ever had.  I want to fuck you, Laura.  I want 
    to fuck you now."

          "Kim?" Laura half-giggled, feeling her blood race at these 
    words.

          "Are you alone?  You aren't lying there letting some tart lick 
    your sweet sweet pussy, are you, while I'm stuck here alone in the 
    snow in my apartment longing for you?"

          "Kim, how great to hear from you," Laura said, meaning it.  
    "If you were only closer, we could try to put each other in the 
    hospital again."

          "Mmmmm, maybe I could be.  I've been saving my pennies.  I 
    could hop a flight to S.F. tonight.  But I need a place to stay."

          Laura's pulse shot up immediately.  She remembered--who could 
    forget--that Kim was like a bomb, just ticking, waiting to explode.  
    The idea of spending a few days with her was enough to make your 
    heart rate go off the chart.

          "You know you can stay here," Laura said.  "I may have to go 
    to work once in a while, but there's plenty to do in this town."

          "Lots of 'lesbians' live there, right?" Kim teased.

          Laura flushed.  "I'm . . . sorry.  I have to draw the line.  
    No one but me."

          "You silly!" Kim giggled.  "I don't want anyone but you.  I 
    want to run my tongue up and down in the wet slit of your delicious 
    pink pussy, Laura.  How does that sound?"

          "When can you get here?"

          "Tomorrow evening."

          "I'll pick you up at the airport."

          "Laura, I'm wet already," Kim whispered sexily into the phone. 

          "Me too," Laura breathed back, telling the truth.

          And then, fortunately, she didn't have to distract herself 
    while she waited, for Yvette phoned right after Kim, saying she had 
    an hour and a half free while Arthur went to the gym and the baby 
    was at her mother's.  Could she come over?  She did, and she and 
    Laura nearly went up in flames, especially Laura, who was already 
    aroused by her conversation with Kim.

          The next day she picked up Kim at the airport.  It was about 
    dinner time as they drove in to the city.  

          "Want to pick up a bite to eat?" Laura asked.

          For the first time, Kim touched her.  She put her hand on 
    Laura's knee and ran it quickly up under Laura's skirt, caressing 
    Laura's thigh

          "I want to eat your pussy," Kim said softly.  "Nothing else."

          "You'll make me have an accident."

          "I want to feel it."

          "Really.  I can't drive if you---"

          But Kim was not to be denied.  Two of her long fingers slipped 
    under the elastic of Laura's panties and then directly into Laura's 
    very wet cunt.

          "Unnhhh!" Laura gasped, holding the steering wheel tightly.  
    "Kim!  Please!"

          "Pull over and I'll eat it now.  Really."

          "This is the freeway.  You're crazy."

          "A little.  I never fucked anyone as good as you, Laura.  Not 
    before or since."

          "I'm flattered.  Ungghhh!  Oh!  God, that feels good."

          "I can make you come like this."

          "Please don't.  I'll crash."

          Slowly Kim removed her hand.  "How long to your place."

          "About another ten minutes."

          "Maybe you'd like to see mine.  I mean, while you drive, you 
    can just glance over now and then, you know."

          "You really are crazy," Laura said softly, smiling.

          Kim was wearing a miniskirt, showing off her spectacular long, 
    thin, bronze legs.  She had the longest legs of any girl Laura had 
    ever slept with, even longer than Yvette's.  In the airport, people 
    ran into each other while looking at Kim's legs.  Laura could not 
    keep her eyes off them.

          Now Kim hiked up her short skirt, then slid her panties down 
    her thighs to her ankles, then slipped them over her high heels and 
    off.  Laura, eyes glued to the road, nevertheless took quick 
    glances.  Kim spread her thighs and ran one long finger up and down 
    the wet, glistening crease of her pussy.  Laura's hot blood hammered 
    in her throat.

          She swallowed.  "You have such a beautiful pussy," she 
    whispered.

          Kim's finger came to the top of her slit, and swirled around 
    over her clit.  "Oh!" she gasped softly.

          "God, you're driving me crazy," Laura said.  "I'm going to 
    have a wreck."

          "Don't," Kim pouted.  "Then I won't be able to press this hot 
    little pussy of mine against yours."

          Laura almost felt dizzy.  She was so aroused, she could barely 
    drive.  Clenching her teeth, she managed to get them to her 
    apartment in almost half the time.

          "Put your panties back on," she said.  "We're here."

          "Oh, I don't need to," Kim breathed.  "I'll just stick them in 
    my bag."

          Laura could feel her own pussy flooding with juice as they 
    rode together up in the elevator.  She knew Kim had no panties on 
    under her miniskirt, and it aroused her wildly.  She was glad there 
    was no other person in the elevator, but on the other hand was 
    nervous that Kim would try to kiss her.  Kim was totally wild and 
    unpredictable.

          Finally, they reached Laura's floor.  

          "Wow, nice building," Kim said.  "You must have a great job to 
    be able to afford this."

          Laura smiled tightly as she let them into her apartment.  Kim 
    winked at her when they were inside, her green eyes glowing like a 
    cat's.

          "Lock it tight, Laura.  I don't want anybody to interrupt what 
    I'm going to do to you."

          Laura threw the deadbolt, then pushed Kim back against the 
    door, bringing her mouth close to Kim's.  "What about what I'm going 
    to do to you?"

          "Me first."

          "It's my place."

          Kim's eyes burned with sex.  In Laura's experience, only Karen 
    was equally intense, and then only when she had given in to her 
    craving for pain, and the fierce orgasms it induced in her.

          "I guess we'll have to do it to each other," Kim whispered, 
    her eyes falling to Laura's lips.

          They kissed for the first time since Dallas, and it was like 
    two famished tigresses suddenly unleashed on each other.  Laura was 
    glad she was wearing an old blouse, because Kim ripped it while 
    trying to get it off.  She herself tore a button from Kim's top.  
    Their mouths devoured each other.

          "Let's go in the bedroom," she panted.  "If anyone's in the 
    hall, they might hear us."

          Kim followed her.  Laura closed the door.  They tore at one 
    another again.  Kim nearly tore Laura's bra too.

          "No . . . let me," Laura gasped.

          She reached behind to unfasten it.  Kim bit her neck.

          "Ouch!  Shit!  Did you have to do that?"

          She dropped her bra, and Kim grabbed both of her naked 
    breasts, dropping her mouth to them, sucking one of Laura's nipples 
    hard. 

          "I love these," she panted, slurping and sucking them 
    urgently.

          "Oh god . . . girl!" Laura moaned.  "Ohhhnnn!"

          She managed to get Kim's bra unfastened while Kim was sucking 
    her.  She got her hands on the small, firm, golden breasts, pinching 
    the brown silky nipples gently.

          "Do it harder . . . do it harder," Kim panted to her.

          Laura pulled her over to the bed.  By now, Kim had unzipped 
    Laura's skirt and pulled it off too.  Her fingers tore at Laura's 
    panties.  Laura skimmed them off.  Then she quickly removed Kim's 
    miniskirt, and they both were totally naked.

          If anything, this only made them more eager.  Now Laura got 
    her mouth on Kim's breasts, sucking Kim's nipples hungrily.  Kim's 
    hand found Laura's wet pussy and invaded it.  She scissored Laura's 
    excited clit between her fingers.

          "Unhh!" Laura gasped.

          "I want to eat your pussy!" Kim whispered urgently.

          She was not to be denied.  She slithered down between Laura's 
    yawning thighs, and Laura groaned as she felt Kim's mouth assault 
    her pussy passionately.  Kim was an expert and forceful lover, using 
    everything at her command.  Her tongue penetrated Laura's pussy 
    quickly, and her fingers caressed Laura's clit at the same time, 
    while her other hand invaded the crease between Laura's buns to 
    tease her asshole.

          Few others did it so well, and in a matter of seconds Laura 
    was quivering, arching her back, gyrating her hips frantically, her 
    whole body filled with wild sexual need.  

          "Unnhh!  Oh!  Oh Kim ungghh!  Oh . . . Jesus!  Auungghh!" she 
    panted, totally out of control.

          "Laura Laura Laura," Kim mumbled, bringing Laura closer, 
    closer.

          In only about ninety seconds Laura came in shocking, piercing 
    spasms.  Her writhing, arching body shuddered as the jolts of her 
    orgasm wrenched her.

          "Auungghh!  Oh . . . unngghhh yess!  Ohnnggg god yes!  Ungghh!  
    Oh . . . Kim ungghh!  Auungghh!" she cried out, thrashing in the 
    sheets until it began to wane.

          She was mildly shocked that after the past few days of heated 
    fucking with both Sholandra and Yvette, and an especially incendiary 
    hour-and-a-half with Yvette only yesterday, she could still come so 
    violently, in her first moments with Kim.  It showed both how 
    excited Kim made her, and how good Kim was at fucking.

          But now it was Laura's turn.  Kim was glassy-eyed, her lips 
    still smeared with Laura's cunt juices.  Laura pulled her down into 
    the rumpled sheets and kissed her aggressively.

          "I'm going to eat you alive," she murmured.

          Kim whimpered softly, surrendering her long, smooth, golden 
    body to Laura, who explored every inch of it before arriving at 
    Kim's long, sinuous, glistening pussy, a real work of art, which she 
    could lick only a few seconds before Kim too erupted in a rich and 
    extravagant orgasm.  And Laura made her have two, not content to 
    withdraw after the first one, but keeping up the pressure, tonguing 
    Kim's clit and squeezing her small, tight buns, until Kim was 
    gagging and squirming and wailing through a second convulsion of 
    coming.  Finally, she propped herself up on her elbows, still 
    panting, her face a fetching mixture of satiation and bewilderment.

          "Laura . . . sometimes I thought it was a dream, but I was 
    right," she gasped softly.  "Nobody ever fucked me like you do."

          Now that the first urgent explosions were past, they could 
    take their time.  In the next twenty-four hours Laura turned off the 
    phone and they tried to kill one another with fucking.  They fucked 
    with Kim's butterfly vibrator, and with Laura's bowed, four-pronged 
    dildo, as well as using only their mouths and hands to bring each 
    other to peaks of physical rapture that finally left them both sore 
    and exhausted.

          They agreed to rest for a while, a task made somewhat easier 
    since Laura had to return to work, while Kim was staying two more 
    days.  She gave Kim a door key and went to the office smiling, 
    wondering when she had last been fucked so often, so thoroughly, so 
    expertly.  Certainly never by a whirlwind like her, Laura thought.  
    She's amazing, sort of a force of nature.  

          Just how much so, Laura discovered when she got home from work 
    that evening.  During the day, she had thought of nothing but coming 
    home and feasting on Kim's beautiful, lean, golden body.  It would 
    be another night of torrid screwing, made sweeter by their day of 
    abstinence. 

          "A friend of yours dropped by," Kim said innocently. 

          "Really?  Who?"

          "This gorgeous blonde woman.  Rhonda.  I let her in.  Hope you 
    don't mind."

          "Rhonda?"

          Kim looked away, her lovely face not exactly guilty, but 
    secretive, and yet tempting Laura to probe further.  She gets a kick 
    out of making me jealous, Laura realized.

          "You didn't let her---" Laura began, but she could see clearly 
    from the burning, I-dare-you look in Kim's eyes that the worst she 
    could fear was true.

          "I . . . couldn't help it," Kim pouted.  "She's really 
    beautiful.  With that great body and all.  She fucks like a hot 
    little bunny.  But then you know that."  Kim glared provocatively at 
    Laura.

          She's telling me that if I can fuck Rhonda, she can fuck 
    Rhonda, Laura realized.

          "Is there anybody you wouldn't fuck?" Laura laughed, 
    scornfully.

          "Somebody ugly, I guess," Kim said nonchalantly.  She came 
    over to Laura and tried to embrace her.  "You aren't mad, are you?"

          But Laura turned away from her.  "You little tramp.  Rhonda?  
    You couldn't stoop any lower.  She's a god damned nymphomaniac 
    lesbian predator, trying to steal every beautiful girl I've ever 
    known."

          Kim came close again.  This time she caught Laura, nuzzling 
    her neck.  "Just like you, eh?" she whispered.  "And me.  She's a 
    great fuck, by the way.  If you haven't tried her.  If you only go 
    for us colored folks, I mean."

          Laura smiled malevolently.  "You bitch."

          "What are you going to do about it?"

          Laura knew, and she knew Kim knew, that both were sexually 
    very aroused by this event.  The atmosphere was electric.  Kim's 
    green eyes burned.  She was daring Laura to retaliate, which did not 
    mean going out and screwing Rhonda herself, which of course she had 
    already done anyway.  It meant screwing Kim, but in some new, 
    unpredictable, dangerous way.  Kim was even breathing hard.  

          Laura glowered at her.  Then she took her hand and led her to 
    the bedroom.  She shut the door.  She looked down at the bed, which 
    was unmade and rumpled.

          "I suppose you two did it right there," she said.

          "Yes," Kim gulped.  "We did.  Right there."

          "Take off your clothes," Laura said.

          Kim, sullenly, began to undress, never taking her eyes from 
    Laura's.  When she was down to her underwear, Laura reached under 
    the bed and pulled out the coils of rope she frequently used with 
    Karen, and had used also on Brandi.  Kim's eyes widened.  Then she 
    smiled.

          "God, you're even more kinky than I thought," she said, awed.  
    "Are you going to tie me up?  God, it makes me wet already."

          Laura could feel her own blood racing, hot.  She could hardly 
    stand it as Kim removed, very sensually, her bra and panties.  The 
    fact that she had let Rhonda fuck her burned in the pit of Laura's 
    stomach.

          "Lie down on the bed."

          Kim was very obedient.  "You're not going to hurt me, are 
    you?"

          "What do you think?" Laura teased, looping the rope around 
    Kim's ankles, tying them quickly to the bed frame.

          She had done this, by now, so often that she didn't have to 
    figure it out.  In about a minute she had Kim's ankles and wrists 
    completely secured.  The girl's long, thin, golden naked body was 
    completely vulnerable.

          "You're going to fuck me hard, aren't you," Kim whispered, 
    wildly excited by the thought.  "You're going to rape me."

          "Honey, I'm going to make you regret you ever let Rhonda in 
    that door," Laura smiled maliciously as she removed her own clothes, 
    conscious of the effect it had on Kim, who desired her wildly.

          For the next two hours she was true to her word.  Her 
    relationship with both Karen and Barbara had turned Laura into an 
    expert in sexual torment, and it turned out that Kim got more than 
    she had bargained for.  During the first half hour, Laura merely 
    teased her, licking her pussy, tongue-tickling her scrumptious 
    nipples, stroking her clit until she was shaking uncontrollably, 
    needing release, needing to come, whimpering and begging Laura for 
    it.

          Then, Laura insisted on having Kim make her, Laura, come 
    first.  In fact, she came twice, straddling Kim's face with her 
    thighs, lowering her pussy to Kim's mouth the first time.  Teasing 
    Kim had so aroused her that she came in just seconds.  Then, after 
    another interlude of caresses, she rubbed her clit with one of Kim's 
    stiff nipples until she came, driving them both nearly insane with 
    excitement.

          "Laura, let me come, please!" Kim begged frantically.  
    "Please!  Make me come, let me come, do me, do me hard, I don't care 
    how hard you fuck me, I can come in two seconds!  Please, Laura, oh 
    please!  Do me . . . do me now!"

          Laura smiled maliciously.  "Fuck you hard?"

          "Yes!"  Kim's green eyes burned wildly.

          "Mmmmm," Laura teased.  "I can do that."

          "Oh . . . please!" Kim begged.

          Looking at Kim's long, beautiful, thin, golden body, Laura 
    recalled the time she had fucked Karen in the ass with a cucumber.  
    Being a salad kind of person, she always had one around.  She went 
    to the kitchen and found it, admiring it as she returned to the 
    bedroom.  It was a long fat one.

          Kim's eyes widened as she saw it in Laura's hand.  She began 
    shaking her head.  "No.  No, Laura.  You're not going to stick that 
    huge thing in my pussy."

          "Who said anything about your pussy?" Laura asked.

          Kim quickly got the idea.  Her beautiful golden face nearly 
    went pale with shock.  She glowered at Laura.  "Nobody touches my 
    ass," she said under her breath, trying to make it a threat, though 
    there was nothing she could do. 

          Laura reached under the bed and fished out the ball-gag, 
    tossing it next to Kim's naked body so that Kim could enjoy the 
    anticipation.  Then she got the babyoil out of the bedstand drawer.

          "I think we'll need a towel for this too," she said.  "It's so 
    messy."

          "Oh god!" Kim moaned.  "You can't be serious."

          But she gnawed on her full lower lip as Laura got the towel, 
    then scrunched up a pillow under Kim's ass to raise it up a little, 
    spreading the towel over the pillow.  Laura knew that however much 
    Kim dreaded what was about to happen, it also aroused her sexually.  
    She was actually shaking as Laura lubricated two of her own fingers 
    and began to prepare Kim's asshole for the vegetable invader.

          "Ohhnnnnn!" Kim moaned, twisting, her face contorted with fear 
    and frantic sexual excitement.  "Nobody touches my ass!  I told you!  
    Nobody!  Ungghhh!"

          "I'm already touching it," Laura murmured, smiling, twisting 
    her fingers inside the tight channel, bringing uncontrollable gasps 
    from Kim.

          "Unh . . . oh!  Unghh!  God, Laura, please!"

          Laura had to be careful because Kim was already very aroused, 
    close to a climax, which Laura wanted to postpone indefinitely.  
    Just when it felt like Kim might explode, Laura pulled back.  But in 
    only a few minutes the girl was a total wreck, whimpering 
    incoherently, her eyes blazing with sex need, her body writhing and 
    quivering.

          Now Laura knew she had to gag her, since the cucumber 
    penetrating her would make her scream.  Carefully, Laura wiped her 
    fingers on the towel, then slowly, so that Kim could appreciate each 
    second, fastened the ball-gag into place.  Even though she knew it 
    was coming, the ball going into her mouth caught Kim by surprise.  
    Her eyes flashed with terror, and a groan of wild fear came from her 
    throat.

          Laura fastened the buckle at the side of Kim's cheek.  Then, 
    to rub it in, she dangled her naked breasts in Kim's face, purring 
    to her.

          "Don't worry, Kim, I won't hurt you bad," she murmured.  "But 
    you'll regret the moment you ever gave your body to Rhonda.  I swear 
    it."

          Kim shook her head and begged Laura with her eyes, groaning 
    her incoherent apologies.  But Laura was already holding up the 
    cucumber so they could both watch her grease it with babyoil.

          "Oh, it's going to feel so good, and hurt so bad," she cooed.  
    "Little Kim is going to come so hard."

          Kim's eyes were streaked with real terror.  She looked down, 
    fascinated, as Laura brought the greased green torpedo between her 
    thighs and up toward her prepared asshole.  Kim's delicious wet 
    pussy was puckered, ripe, and inviting just above the target, and 
    Laura could hardly wait to devour it. 

          But she was patient.  She slid the end of the cucumber into 
    Kim's ass and watched the girl's face as it glided into her.  Kim 
    started by wincing, but quickly her beautiful face froze in agony.  
    Her long, lean body stiffened, and she gagged, snuffling for breath, 
    tears leaking from the corners of her eyes.  A deep groan of 
    exquisite pain came from deep in her throat, throttled by the ball 
    in her mouth.

          Laura pushed the green torpedo in deep.  Kim's lovely long 
    body was paralyzed, clenched in pain, impaled, every smooth muscle 
    in her long silky golden midriff straining, her thighs corded with 
    effort.  Laura knew that the slightest touch to her clit would make 
    her explode in a fearsome blast of ecstacy.

          Slowly she rotated the cucumber in Kim's ass, first rolling 
    it, then slowly inching it in and out, fucking her with it, bringing 
    soft, choked sobs of minlged pain and rapture from deep in Kim's 
    chest.  But this couldn't go on for long.  Thirty seconds of it 
    brought Kim to the absolute brink.

          Laura gave into her own desires now.  Still fucking Kim's ass 
    with the monster, she lowered her mouth to the glistening spread 
    petals of Kim's open pussy and extended her tongue.  First she 
    touched Kim's exposed clit with it, then licked it harder, harder, 
    pressing the small hard nub very hard with the full flat surface of 
    her tongue.  And Kim erupted in a fierce convulsion of coming.

          The bed shook as she writhed and wrenched her long arms and 
    legs and thrusted wildly with her groin, groaning in the throes of a 
    killing rapture, her luscious long golden body quivering and 
    flexing.  Even though she risked getting her nose bloodied by Kim's 
    thrusting pubic bone, Laura couldn't resist assaulting the girl's 
    flooding pussy passionately, sucking and licking and tongue-stabbing 
    it while Kim shuddered through an epic, shattering climax.
 
          When her body finally collapsed from the shock, and she fell 
    back to the mattress, Laura renewed the attack.  Leaving the 
    cucumber embedded in Kim's ass, she swarmed over the girl's 
    delicious body, squeezing and sucking her breasts while slipping two 
    fingers deep into Kim's soupy cunt, probing, searching.  She found 
    the girl's g-spot at about the same instant she began biting Kim's 
    nipples, and the girl went crazy with coming.  Her climaxing body 
    bucked so fiercely that she nearly threw off Laura.  

          But Laura held on, swallowing Kim's nipples, sinking her teeth 
    into them, rubbing her knuckle against Kim's clit as she pressed the 
    g-spot hard with her finger, rubbing it, causing a new orgasm each 
    time Kim seemed to be sinking.  Kim had five or six before Laura let 
    up.

          Taking pity on her, Laura loosened the strap holding the gag 
    in place, and removed it so that the girl could breathe.  Gasping 
    and still quivering, Kim seemed totally devastated by the 
    experience, destroyed, shattered.  She didn't even open her eyes 
    until Laura had untied her wrists and ankles, gently kissing the 
    rope burns.  Kim's cheeks were still wet with tears.  The greasy 
    cucumber still lay on the towel between her thighs, where her ass 
    had expelled it during her repeated violent orgasms.

          A dazed expression locked her face into a half-sardonic frown.  

          "I wish I could keep you locked in the basement and just take 
    you out when I need that," she said in a soft, hoarse voice. 

         "I hope it didn't hurt too bad," Laura said, concerned.

          "Only like being raped by a nuclear missile," Kim grinned.  
    "Better than a man, I guess."

          Now Laura stretched out next to her, embracing her, trying to 
    make up for the brutality she had inflicted on this wild, beautiful 
    girl, who was such a free spirit.  She was still trying to remind 
    herself that in her absence Kim had let Rhonda fuck her in this very 
    bed.

          "Tell me," she said.  "How many times have you done it with a 
    man?"

          "Moi?"  Kim held up her thumb and forefinger shaped into a 
    zero.

          "Really?  Never?"

          "Never.  They can't be as good as you are."

          "I'm glad you feel that way."

          Laura nuzzled her.  She was again very aroused, even though 
    she had come twice before Kim's major extravaganza of orgasms.

          "Nobody's ever found my spot except you," Kim murmured.  "And 
    me, of course."

          "You can do it yourself?"

          "Oh sure.  But I don't very often because I really have to be 
    overly horny for it to work.  I have to go for a week or two without 
    sex, then tease myself for about a half hour.  Usually I get laid 
    before anything builds up that far."

          "I can imagine," Laura purred, moaning softly as Kim's mouth 
    dropped to her breasts.

          Now Kim repaid the favor, and she was not rough at all with 
    Laura, obviously feeling no reason to pay her back.  Instead, she 
    made love to Laura with exquisite skill until Laura was so 
    overwrought that Kim could pull her g-spot trigger too.  She found 
    it, as before, and Laura exploded in a string of five fiery 
    climaxes, hysterical, shuddering cataclysms that left her wiped out 
    and whimpering in Kim's comforting arms.

          "We'd kill each other if you lived here," she told Kim.

          "Let's kill each other anyway," Kim said, eyes filled with 
    green fire.  "Let's fuck until we can't move."

          "I can't already."

          "I have to go back tonight.  My plane leaves at six."

          It was three.  They had one more hour, and somehow the 
    separation anxiety stoked their fires.  By the time they stopped, 
    they had coaxed, teased, and flogged each other into four more 
    orgasms apiece.  And even Kim was ready to quit.

          They kissed inside Laura's apartment, before leaving.  "I'm 
    going to miss you, you wild thing," Laura told her.

          "You should give Blondie a chance," Kim teased her.  "She 
    fucks like crazy.  Beautiful boobs.  Beautiful body.  I'll set you 
    up."

          "You are too reckless for your own good," Laura said.

          Downstairs in the street, as they headed for Laura's car, they 
    ran into Trina.  Trina looked into Laura's eyes.  Her face froze.

          "Trina, I---"

          Trina didn't say anything.  She turned and walked in the other 
    direction.  Laura felt acute deja vu.  This had happened long ago 
    with Rina.  She glanced at Kim desperately.  Kim knew something was 
    happening.

          Laura went after Trina.  "Trina, wait."

          Trina did stop.  She didn't look back, but she did stop.  
    Laura caught up to her and took her hand, but Trina pulled it away.  
    Her face was cold, implacable.

          "We don't have nothing to talk about," she said quietly.

          "She's an old friend," Laura stammered awkwardly.

          "Don't look too old to me.  About twenty.  You like us African 
    girls, don't you.  Only this time you got a high yella.  Everybody 
    like high yella better."

          Laura shook her head.  "I like you better."

          The old hostility crept back into Trina's dark eyes.  "You 
    like Rina better."

          "No." 

          Laura realized she was crying.  Tears were sliding down her 
    cheeks.

          "Better go back to her," Trina said.  "She sitting on her 
    suitcase.  Spoiling her skinny little butt."

          "Trina . . . please.  Can I call you?"

          Trina shook her head.  "Better not.  Just dropped by to tell 
    you I didn't hold no grudge or anything.  About the other night."

          "The other night was beautiful," Laura said softly, staring 
    deep into Trina's eyes.  "I wish you knew how much it meant to me."

          Trina smirked, looking beyond Laura at Kim.  "Guess I'll never 
    know," she said, then turned and walked away.

          Desolate, Laura walked glumly back to Kim.  All incredible 
    long thin golden legs, Kim stood up from where she had been sitting 
    on her suitcase.

          "Wow, what a beautiful woman!" she said under her breath.  
    "Did you fuck her?"

          "Kim, don't you think there's any more to life than fucking?" 
    Laura snapped.

          "Actually, no I don't.  I can tell, though.  You didn't but you 
    want to.  I don't blame you.  You and I both know there aren't many 
    bodies like that one in this world." 

          "She's more than a body.  She's beautiful."

          "She is," Kim said, awed.  "You're right."

          Laura drove her to the airport.  She tried not to think about 
    it.

          "Is she married?" Kim asked.

          "Divorced."

          "Even better.  I can tell you how to get her back.  She's just 
    afraid.  Thinks she's a dyke.  Tell her you thought it over and 
    don't want her any more.  You won't bother her any more.  It was 
    cruel of you to come onto her that way.  You got another girl 
    friend.  You can say it's me.  She doesn't know I don't live around 
    here.  Guaranteed.  She'll be so jealous, she'll fall into your bed.  
    Believe me.  I've done it.  I know how to hook a divorcee.  Believe 
    me, they're dying for it, Laura.  They're dying to have someone lick 
    their pussy and love them."

          Laura said nothing.  She could still see the implacable hatred 
    in Trina's eyes, and the fact that it might be jealousy of Kim was 
    no consolation.

          "Think of how you'd feel if you saw me leaving the building 
    with her," Kim said, patting Laura's knee.  "You'd know I'd just 
    been fucking her as much as I could.  Wouldn't you be jealous?  And 
    it's even worse for her because I'm light-skinned."

          Laura nodded.  They kissed in the parking lot so they wouldn't 
    draw attention in the airport proper.

          "My little booty feels like you drove one of those airplanes 
    right up inside it," Kim said.

          "You have to admit, you came like crazy."

          "I always come like crazy with you," Kim said dreamily.  "I 
    told you last time, nobody makes me come like you do, Laura.  But 
    nobody touches my ass.  That's the second time you've done it."

          "I like your cute little ass."

          "Not as much as you'd like to get your hands on that big black 
    round one on that girl who hates you now," Kim said, with a 
    mischievous sparkle in her eye.

          "I will miss you.  You're so blunt and nasty."

          "I'll get another week off in six months.  Shall we?"

          "I'm wet just from thinking about it," Laura whispered, 
    kissing her again.

          They pecked cheeks at the gate, and Kim was gone out of her 
    life again for a while.


