Teensy Weensy Bikini PrickTease
byKittyZateez©

Teensy Weensy Bikini PrickTease Pt. 01

I've been thinking about showing off for you in my tiny little red bikini, since I remember wearing it for you before and how you seemed to like me in it. So...I thought you might enjoy me having a little fun with you while wearing it for you...you ready?

I'd like you to accompany me to a photo shoot and assist me with a little problem I keep having when I wear it. You're my photographer, and we're on a private beach location we rented just for this shoot. It's just the two of us this time, no lighting people or other associated staff, and I plan on taking full advantage of this privacy to give you a nice, delicious little pricktease!

When we arrive at the location, you get out of the car and come around to open the door for me. I'm wearing a shiny red satin robe, and all you've been able to see of me so far is that I have on a sexy pair of red high heels...

I slowly extend my leg, placing one of my strappy, shiny red high-heeled platform sandals down on the pavement, making a little click sound. I place my other shoe down and offer you my hand, looking up at you, gazing deep into your eyes. You look back at me, and I give you a little wink as a mischievous look comes over my face.

You know what's about to happen - you have seen that look in my eyes many times and it has always resulted in you walking around with a big, throbbing erection by the time I'm through with you! This time will be no different, and we both know it. But exactly how will I do it?

After repeated teasing sessions with me, you have come to absolutely adore the way I tease you...we both know how effortlessly I can turn you on, but it's always a little different each time! And...it invariably leads to you being in a simply delicious state of sheer sexual arousal...

You help me out of the car, squeezing my soft hand gently. I stand up, holding your gaze, but then I simply pull my hand away and take a couple of steps away from you. You watch as I spin around, tossing my long blonde hair to one side and catching your eyes again, smiling broadly at you. Your cock is already starting to respond, just the thought of my impending cocktease turning you on, and it starts to get hard before I barely have a chance to begin my little show!

Slowly, almost magically, I untie the sash holding my shiny red robe together and let it fall open. Your eyes zero in on my bare flesh around my tummy, and I softly separate the robe and turn around slowly, just when it's about to reveal the gorgeous little red bikini you remember...

I am facing away from you now, and I start to slip the robe up and over my shoulders, glancing back towards you to see if you know what to do. You do not disappoint me, and you rush toward me just in time to catch the robe as I let it fall off my shoulders. I leave you standing there and take a couple of mincing little steps forward, slowly turning back around to face you so you can feast your eyes on me!

I strike a pose for you as you first get a look at my curvy body in my little red bikini, and I smile knowingly at you as your eyes drink in all the little details of my sexy body...

This bikini is a red lacy mesh style, which has pretty much a see-through effect that leaves my nipples visible. A tiny little strap wraps up around my neck, attached to each part of the bikini top with a metal heart. Your eyes inspect every inch of my chest, focusing on my breasts and nipples, barely covered by the little top...of course, I jiggle my titties a little for you as you stare at them, and I giggle playfully as I enjoy the effect this has on you...

Your cock is hard now. But since you're wearing a tight bathing suit, it is bent over in an uncomfortable position...I can see that it's hard, I know full well how much you'd love to take it out and play with it for me, and you wonder if I'm going to let you! Sometimes I do allow this during our teasing games, and sometimes I don't...you never know which, and I just love keeping you guessing!

Now that I know I have your full attention, I giggle at you and spin around, facing away from you and starting to walk toward the beach. You really love this part of the tease, as you know how much I enjoy showing off for you, but not quite as much as you enjoy watching me!

You can't take your eyes off me as I prance along in front of you toward the beach my strappy red sky-high heels. You really love the way I walk in high heels, and I have no shame about the way I flaunt my body in them...I've already described the way I just love to tease you while I walk, but we're gonna do it again, just for fun!

I wiggle my ass back and forth as I march along right in front of you, and my ass cheeks move up and down like pistons with each step I take...my arms sway seductively back and forth, and you realize that I use them to keep my balance, to help me look especially girly and dainty as I walk. My long blonde hair flows almost down to my ass, and you love how it looks - smooth, silky, sexy, and v-e-r-r-y feminine!

I'm quite the sight in this little bikini, aren't I? I mean, it really doesn't leave anything to the imagination, does it? It doesn't really cover me all that much, and I stop suddenly, spin around, and smile broadly at you as I jiggle my titties...to your delight, they come falling right out of my bikini top!!

"Come here, sweetie, and help me with this little problem!" I say sweetly, and you practically fall over yourself as you approach me. Your eyes are popping out of your head as you stare at my bare breasts, and I continue, "My boobies keep falling out of my bikini, baby, and whenever they do, I want you to come and help!"

"Yes, Kitty, I'd be happy to do that!"

You come closer and reach up to adjust the material of my red bikini top, pulling it back over my nipples. As you do, I reach down and start teasing the bulge in your bathing suit, lightly stroking my deliciously long, shiny red fingernails over it...very gently...and then I simply stop, pulling my sexy nails off your dick and taking a few steps back, striking another sexy pose for you.

Oh, my! My boobies seem to have popped out of this tiny little red bikini again! I wonder how that could have possibly happened?? You just helped me with that problem, it was so kind of you to cover me up when my titties were so naked and exposed, and now, for some strange reason, they seem to have uncovered themselves again! Gee...I guess it happened because I jiggled my upper body back and forth a little, wiggling back and forth until they slipped out of the teeny tiny bikini top...

Thanks so much, hon, for being here to assist me with this little problem! Something tells me it's going to keep happening over and over again today, and I know you'll be quite happy to help me cover up my titties, won't you?

Now come over here and help me adjust this bikini top, cover up my tits, would you honey? There, that's better...now, here's what's going to happen every time you help me cover myself up like that...why don't I stroke your cock inside your bathing suit a little with the tips of my long, sexy red fingernails...you like that?

Now that my tits are covered, why don't you go back over there and I'll strike another pose for our little photo shoot. I'll look down and tug playfully on the strap around my bikini bottom, and you can snap a couple of shots...click, click, click.

Now, this little spot is okay for photos, but why don't we go a little closer to the beach, over there near the rocks! You wanna follow me while I strut along in these high heels?? Of course you do!

Strut, strut, strut....click, click, clickety click go my spike heels on the pavement. And you just LOVE watching me from behind, don't you? Here I am, a totally HOT blonde prickteaser, flaunting her charms just for you, strutting along right before your eyes, wiggling her ass and prancing along daintily in her tiny little red bikini and slutty red spike heels!!

Walking on the beach where I can't wear these heels won't be anywhere near this much fun, there's something I just LOVE about prancing around in high heels like these...I get to show off for you, you get to watch me tease you...you just love it too, don't you! Yes, you do, I know you do, you naughty boy!

And my, look how your erection is betraying your feelings to me...it just got even harder, didn't it? Awwwww, did Kitty do that to you? Did I just get you even hotter, just by showing off for you, by prancing around in these lovely sky-high heels??

Yes. I did!

Oh no!! Look what has happened! I turn to face you, and you zero in on my breasts, which have slipped out of my little lacy red bikini top again!! They do seem to have a mind of their own, don't they! Now what do you think we should do about that? Oh, yeah, I know - now come here, baby, and help me out again!

As you start to cover up my breasts, I reach down and tease your cock with the tips of my sexy fingernails some more. You have confessed how sensitive the head of your cock is, so, of course, I will just have to focus the attention of my fingertips right there on your cockhead...

You are getting so stimulated now, your hands are trembling as they adjust the material of my top. You cover up my breasts, and I pause, pulling my slutty nails away from your cock...but then I jiggle my tits back and forth, right in front of your face, and they come sliding out of my bikini again. I look into your eyes, smiling knowingly, letting you realize that I am going to make my tits fall out of my top over and over, whenever I feel like it!!

Oh, my dear, I just love teasing you like this! You reach up to cover them again, but this time I simply push your hands away. You have this look of surprise on your face, but as I reach down to start stroking your cock again, your eyes roll up into your brain as the intense pleasure overwhelms you.

I pause for a second, encouraging you to cover me up again, and this time I let you, continuing to stroke your cock with my nails. It is still bent in half underneath your bathing suit, and it must be getting uncomfortable like that, yeah?

Well...I wonder what we could do about that? Oooooo! I know!! Why don't we just pull your bathing suit down so that big, sexy cock of yours can come out to play?

Would you like that, baby? Perhaps you could BEG me to do that....and maybe, just maybe, I'll show you what else I love to do to you with these long, kinky fingernails...yeah?


Teensy Weensy Bikini PrickTease Pt. 02

Now - let's continue! I've been teasing you in this tiny little red bikini that keeps falling off my titties, and I've been making you assist me with this little problem, haven't I? Of course, I'm the one who causes the problem, jiggling my tits back and forth so they keep spilling out of my tiny little lacy red bikini top, right? Silly me...what a naughty girl I am...

And I've been taking every possible opportunity to tantalize you visually, showing off my goodies for you by strutting around in these sexy red high heels, wiggling my ass and swaying my arms back and forth, playing up the sexy-sweet strut as much as I can....because I know you love it...because I know it turns you on and gets you nice and hard...

Next, I call you over toward me every time my tits fall out (or when I cause them to fall out), and as you cover me up, according to my instructions, I stroke your cock underneath your bathing suit with the tips of my shiny, sexy red fingernails...the ones you've confessed to being interested in...a little game ensues, with me stroking your cock as you cover me up, then pausing, shaking my tits so they come falling out again, and stroking your cock some more when you cover me up again...

This game has all kinds of delicious little variations...I can deny your attempt to cover me, or I can make you wait a little while after you cover me before I start in on your cock with my slutty nails, or I can simply do nothing, giggling at you in your heightened state of sexual arousal after prickteasing you, and leaving you that way as I prance away from you, showing off for you some more in my sky-high, shiny red spike heels!

Or, I can get kinda bossy with you, demanding that you cover me, and the moment you do, uncovering myself again and scolding you for letting it happen. "Now, sweetie, you simply must keep me all covered up if you want me to take out your cock and play with it! You do want that, don't you?" Here we go with those mind games we both love...

You cover me up, and I stroke your cock for just a couple of seconds, saying "Good boy - that's better!" But then I wiggle my tits so they fall out again... "Oh darn, look at that! Now I already told you, keep me covered or I won't give you that sexy red fingernail cocktease you want!" You reach up to cover me, but I push your hands away. You try again, and I just take a step backwards, laughing girlishly at your pitiful, desperate attempts to play along with my wicked little game. But you can't resist...you're helplessly ensnared in my web of desire...there's simply nothing you can do to escape, not that you'd want to!

You chase after me, and I let you get near me for a moment before backing away some more. Again you follow, and this time I allow you to reach up and cover me up, and I look into your eyes, knowing that you're waiting for me to pricktease your cock with my nails some more...but I don't....yet!

"Hands at your sides, hon!" I say firmly, and both of us are surprised by the immediate response of your body to obey me...it's involuntary, unconditional, seemingly out of your control! Your hands fall to your sides and I look you over, posing with my hands on my hips, inspecting you carefully. The bulge in your bathing suit is quite swollen, desperately needing to be released...just the way I like it!

But I can't resist continuing to delay your little reward for just a while longer. I come closer, shifting my weight from side to side with each slow, dainty step, and your eyes slowly drink in every inch of my sexy body before locking on to my eyes...and then I say softly, "Now....what was it you wanted to happen to that naughty cock of yours?"

"Please let it come out and play!"

"Awwww....it wants to come out and play with Kitty?"

"Yes!!"

"Naughty, naughty!"

"I'm sorry!"

"It's okay, you know I'm doing this to you on purpose, don't you?"

"Yes!"

"And....do you like it?"

"YES!"

"You sure??"

"Oh god, Kitty, yes, YES!!!"

"Well, okay, I guess it can come out and play now!"

I come over to you, and start to touch the very tip of your cock with just one of my fingernails, my little pinky! The tiny little nail starts making small circles around your cockhead, right around the slit, and the sensation of it is immediately paralyzing, with the sharp tip of my slutty nail caressing your sensitive cockhead through the smooth, shiny material of your bathing suit...my other hand reaches out and my fingers slip inside your suit, pulling the material outward for a moment...but then they stop, and I let the material snap back onto your skin!

"Ohhhhhhh", you moan, but my other hand reaches up to your mouth and one finger presses on your lips as I say softly, "Shhhhhhh..."

The sexy little fingernail keeps circling around the tip of your cock, and your eyes close as your body quivers, tingles of pleasure shooting up your spine, directly into the deepest pleasure centers of your brain. Suddenly, right when you're really starting to enjoy the intense feelings, I simply stop, pulling my nail away. After a moment, your eyes open and you start to speak, but I simply put my finger on your mouth once more, hushing you again in the sweetest possible way.

I look into your eyes with a big smile and announce, "Now, I AM going to take out your cock and play with it, okay? But first, I'm going to show you what I meant when I said I was going to give you a nice, sexy red fingernail cocktease! Now hold out your arms!"

Again, your body obeys me, uncontrollably, as though your mind is MINE to manipulate and control...which it is! And then, you hold out your arms, putting your body in a T position, like a cross, and I reach out to the tips of your fingers. I slowly place the tips of my nails on the ends of your fingers and begin dragging them gently over your hands. First I move them just a few inches, over your hands, and then pull them away. Then I start at your fingertips again, and I repeat this several times, before going a little farther.

"Now, you must understand, a proper fingernail cocktease doesn't just start with your cock, it has to include other parts of your body first, you see?"

You know not to speak, so you simply nod your head, knowing you simply must accept whatever little treat I'm granting at any particular moment, knowing that begging for more, even speaking when I'm instructing you not to, will not result in things proceeding the way you want. Your complete and total obedience is the only way to play along, and only then will I grant you little rewards...

Again and again I begin at your fingers, teasingly and oh-so-gently stroking my sexy red fingernails over your hands, going a little farther every couple of strokes, until I am dragging them up the entire length of your arms, almost to your shoulders. The farther I go, the slower my strokes become...the sensations are simply incredible, unlike anything you've ever felt, as the sharpness of the nail tips being gently dragged over your arms causes your entire nervous system to light up like an electrical switchboard...

Then the strokes up your arms start to become little zig-zag patterns, making little z shapes as the stroking slows down, the z shapes get wider, and then they start to become little circles, leading nowhere...this intense teasing starts to drive you wild, as you realize how incredibly adept I am at turning you on and leaving you hanging...

Your whole body pulses and twitches in response to the erotic stimulation, and I show no mercy, continuing the tantalizing stroking repeatedly, before finally coaxing you to beg for more.....

"You like that, sweetie?"

"Y.....Y......Yessss!"

"I know..."

"Oh, god, please!"

"Please what...you want more?"

Suddenly I stop and take a couple steps back, leaving you hanging as the tingling sensations quickly subside. You open your eyes and there I am, your very own, personal prickteasing sex goddess, beckoning you to me with one of those fingernails that has been absolutely driving you wild!

"Come here! Come and get it!!"

You don't speak...you simply come to me, and I demand that you hold out your arms again, and I simply start the same process over. Tiny little strokes on your fingers and hands lead to longer strokes up your arms, this time slower and with a little more pressure. The strokes turn into little z's, then start to go in circles, turning into little curly-cues that slowly lead up toward your shoulders.

I repeat the erotic teasing a little while and then simply stop, leaning into your ear, giving it a little nibble as I whisper, "Beg!"

I take a step back and stand there, grinning broadly as I pose with my hands on my hips, waiting for your inevitable response, anticipating the inevitable hopeless surrender of your soul to me...and I don't have to wait long as you burst out in a delicious display of intense arousal and desire!

I watch carefully as you switch from one train of thought to another, mindlessly stroking my ego as you beg for more, telling me how much you love my cockteasing, how you've never felt like this before, how you'll do anything I want, and simply begging and pleading with me to continue...

My smile gets bigger as I start to giggle playfully, quite pleased with your behavior, and I come over to you, reaching up with my finger again to hush you, holding it against your lips. Slowly, gently, I drag it downwards, over your chin and neck, onto your chest, making little playful circles as it moves toward your crotch.

I look at you as you continue to beg, and you begin thanking me profusely as I suggestively move my sexy red fingernail down toward your belly button. I playfully circle it a few times, and then poke it in, applying a little pressure in a display of power over you. Your body recoils, twitching as I continue to push it in, and I withdraw it and resume its approach to your crotch...

I pause at the edge of your suit, encouraging another round of pleading for my promise of fingernail cockteasing, and I carefully observe your responses, methodically processing your behavior as I take my time deciding whether you have properly earned more of my sexual favors...

Oooooo, these little teasey games are sooooo much fun, aren't they baby? Sometimes I even surprise myself, the way I've learned to simply wrap men like you around my little finger, attracting you to me, tantalizing you and getting you nice and hot...then oh-so-slowly reeling you in, giving you tiny little tastes of my yummies sexual favors, and then taking them away, leaving you wanting....desiring...needing....more, More, MORE!!!

I do hope you enjoyed all the things I did, and more importantly, the things I didn't do!


Teensy Weensy Bikini PrickTease Pt. 03

Just to recap and get your little mind around exactly where I left you hanging...

I've been doing the usual showing off for you to start things rolling and turn you on...strutting around in my slutty spike heels, doing my little wiggle and strut routine as you watch me mindlessly. In no time I've gotten you all aroused and excited, and I start leading you around the parking lot, beckoning you to follow me, alternating between facing you and striking sexy poses and spinning around and strutting away from you so you can follow me and watch my sexy ass as it gyrates up and down, back and forth.

To make things worse, I've been playing a little "cover me up" game, where my tits come falling out of my tiny little lacy red top, and each time they do, I insist that you come and help me cover them up. When you do that, I stroke your cock inside your bathing suit with my sexy nails and fingertips. Over and over I repeat this game, sometimes stroking you right away after you cover me, sometimes making you wait, or not doing it at all.

And I've been diabolically jiggling my tits while you watch, making them fall out, just so I can make you cover me, and sometimes even that becomes a little game of denial, with me simply pushing your hands away on a whim as you reach up to try to cover my sexy tits!

When we left off before, I was suggestively stroking your upper body with my slutty red teasey fingernails, and you were begging me to take your cock out to play! Good boy!! I already told you how much I love making men beg for my charms, and it's soooo much fun to continue this behavior...particularly with guys who have submissive desires...who just love to be teased and denied....guys just like you!

After making you hold out your arms, I've been taking those sexy nails you love and softly stroking the entire length of your arms, from the very tips of your fingers all the way up to your shoulders. But I've been taking my time, making small little strokes from your fingers to your wrists, slowly getting longer, going farther, but always pulling them off and starting over...

Little by little, my stroking starts to slow down, with the straight strokes slowly becoming little zig-zags, getting wider and wider...sometimes I just go back and forth on one particular area, or just go in circles, round and round and round...I look into your eyes the whole time, carefully studying your reactions, watching and waiting for any signs of weakness....

But the whole thing is making you weak. You're completely helpless to resist me now, you're mine to play with, to toy with...I've got you exactly where I want you!! The sexy fingernail teasing is setting your entire nervous system on fire...tingles of pleasure are shooting through your whole body as I mercilessly demonstrate my skill with regard to stimulating you to mind-blowing extremes. I'm an expert at this, and it's fun to show off my abilities in this area for you, asserting myself over you as I continue to string you along into my little web of desire...

Whew - I think that just about gets us up to speed. And I bet it gets your cock "up" to speed as well, doesn't it? I'm sure.

So.............let' s continue!

My nails are just getting started with you, and the entire time I've been teasing you with them, I've been watching you, encouraging you to beg for more, making you beg me to make my sexy fingernails go down onto your cock. I even teased your cockhead through the shiny material of your bathing suit for a minute, giving you a taste of paradise, before taking it away and leaning over to whisper in your ear, "Beg!"

You don't hesitate to oblige me, especially after I stop teasing your cock with my little pinky nail, and you start pleading for more as I giggle at you, simply continuing to stroke my nails over your upper chest. They playfully move all over your neck, taking their time as they explore your jawline, and they start to stroke your cheeks, going over and over from just below your eyes down onto your neck.

I especially love this technique where I place my nails on a certain part of your body and slowly stroke toward your midsection - it's so suggestive, so enticing, and it constantly suggests how my sexy fingernails are going to end up tending to the most sensitive part of your male anatomy....but they only go a few inches before I pull them off and start the whole process all over again.

I show you how this technique can be modified, as I start to make longer strokes, starting on your face and lightly moving down your neck, toward your chest. I go a little longer each time before pulling them away, then start going a little shorter each time. Then, I simply take them away and wait for you to beg for more...the moment you do I give them back to you. It's like I'm letting you control them...you can make them do what you want....but you have to humiliate yourself a little by begging and pleading with me for more erotic fingernail teasing!

"Good boy, baby, " I say sweetly as I continue the kinky nail cocktease, "keep begging, just like that!" I let my sexy nails move down toward your nipples, and they begin to make little strokes round and round your nipples, getting closer and closer until they are finally stroking right across them. Your begging intensifies as I gleefully play with your sensitive nipples, and they respond by getting erect as I pinch them gently between the tips of my fingers.

You breathe in sharply as new sensations of pleasure shoot up your spine, and I tweak your nipples, using the tips of my thumbnail and index fingernail to pinch them softly, then a little harder. Your body twitches, and I laugh at your predictable response to this exotic stimulation. Your begging continues, and you just keep saying "Please", over and over and over, and I am loving every minute of it.

You don't say what you're begging for, and despite my enjoyment of encouraging you to be more specific sometimes, I am satisfied leaving you in that state, simply begging for more of whatever I see fit to give! Slowly, my nails move off your nipples, making little circles around them and then starting to move downward. I move a few inches down, then pull them away and go back to circling your nipples. Over and over this happens, and I smile broadly at your inability to do anything besides beg for more. You are simply allowing all this teasing to happen, drinking it in and eating it up. It is simply delightful, for both of us, just the way it should be!

I continue to stroke my nails down your chest, taking my time, going a little farther each time before pulling away, and then I begin a new technique where each hand takes turns sliding the nails down your chest, left, right, left, right...and I alternate between slow, lazy strokes and quick fast strokes...I even modify the pressure of my nails on your chest.....soft, harder, soft, harder. The whole thing is completely overwhelming, and your eyes close as the pleasure short-circuits your brain and you stop begging. I've been waiting for this, I knew full well I could take you to that place, I was just waiting for it to happen.

I take a step back and look down at your cock, still bent in half inside your sheer bathing suit, and I say teasingly, "Awwww, look at your cock! I think it's sprung a leak!!" I point down at it, and you look down and notice the wet spot of pre-cum that has started to leak out of it. I know I really have you right where I want you now, that my fingernails have the power to not only tease you to a heightened state of sexual arousal, but to actually make your cock OOZE for me!!

I step back toward you, slowly, deliberately, and you watch as I jiggle my tits again, making them fall out of the lacy red bikini top. Without being asked (and much to my delight) you reach out to cover me up, but I catch your wrists with both hands and say "Ah-ah-ahhhhh, let's just leave my titties all uncovered, okay baby?" You look into my eyes and nod, and I giggle some more at your total submission to me at this point. You do what I say...whatever I want...exactly the way I want....

I release your hands and you just let them fall at your sides, knowing you'd better not do anything else with them. And then I begin the sexy fingernail cocktease all over again, dragging my nails down your chest, slowly going closer and closer to your crotch. Little by little, the strokes start lower and go lower, until I am focused on the last foot or so near your crotch.

"Does slavey want Kitty to take his cock out to play now??"

"Yes, PLEASE!"

"Awwww....not yet!"

Your eyes roll back into your brain as the denial sinks in, and I just smile as I study your reaction and keep stroking my nails toward your crotch, then pulling them away. I then start from below, reaching down to place them on your thighs and stroking them upwards. Again and again I bring them oh-so-close to your cock before pulling them off, and the same variations in technique begin to occur, the straight strokes turning into zig-zags, then circles, and then pausing, waiting for you to beg for more.

"Now honey, every time I stop stroking you with these nails I want you to beg for more, okay?"

"YES, Kitty!!!"

"Here we go...."

And this new little game begins, as I stroke my nails down your chest again, grinning from ear to ear as I take my time, making you wait for me to stop. When I do, you burst out in a pathetic display of desire and total submission, and I laugh at you, waiting a few seconds as I drink in the effect I'm having on you.

But then I continue, and the moment I start stroking you again, you stop begging, and I laugh and say, "Very good, sweetie!" My nails once again begin approaching your cock, and each time I pull them away I simply don't put them back, which causes you to beg for more....this is a truly cruel little game, as I am simply insisting that you beg and plead for each and every little morsel for kinky fingernail teasing that I am offering...

Finally, after several more minutes of this, I reach down with my pinky nail and start teasing the bulge of your cock, right where it's bent in half under your suit. "Thank me when I do this, honey!" I say sweetly but firmly, and you don't mind one bit as you start to thank me profusely. I keep stroking with my little pinky nail as you continue to thank me, and I slowly slip my fingers inside the top of your suit, tugging it outward slightly.

"So....what else did you want Kitty to do with your sexy cock?"

"Please take it out!"

"Oh.....is that what you want?"

"Yes!"

"Hmmmmmm.....I don't know, I'm having sooo much fun making you beg me to tease you, and I just LOVE it when you thank me for teasing you...."

"Please!!"

"What?"

"Please take out my cock!"

"Are you a good boy?"

"Yes, Kitty!"

"Yes you are, but you are also very naughty, aren't you?"

"Yes, I am!"

"Yes, you are, you're a very naughty boy for wanting Kitty to take out your cock and play with it!"


Teensy Weensy Bikini PrickTease Pt. 04

My tiny little red bikini pricktease has resulted in the usual state of heightened sexual arousal for you...I've been showing myself off for you, strutting around in my slutty high heels, and I've been making you cover up my titties each time I wiggle them and cause them to spill out of my bikini top!

And I've proceeded to give you a nice, kinky fingernail cocktease, using my sexy red fingernails to tantalize and stimulate you as we play a delicious little begging game. Over and over, my nails keep stroking down your tummy, circling your belly button for a while, moving closer and closer toward your cock. You are pleading wildly, as I watch you respond to my incessant teasing...I'm drawing this out to such an incredible extent, more than anything you could ever possibly imagine, and I'm really getting off on seeing exactly how long I can make you wait...it could be forever if I felt like it!

But then, finally, I reach down and tug on the strap of your suit, pulling it down very slowly, releasing your cock from its confinement. It flops out, and starts to twitch and pulse as it bobs up and down, getting even harder as it is finally granted the pleasure of being free from your bathing suit. I watch it carefully, impressed with the way it's responding to my erotic cockteasing. I smile girlishly, giggling as I say, "Awwww...that's what you wanted, baby, isn't it?"

You are speechless for a moment as the sensation of your cock finally being released overwhelms you. You moan as I take my little pinky nail and teasingly touch the very tip of your cockhead, right on the slit. I tickle it a little, moving it ever so slightly over the tip of your erection, and you mindlessly push your cock forward. But I knew you were going to do that, it's an almost involuntary response at this point, and I simply pull my nail away, playfully scolding you, "Now, now, I already told you that you're a very naughty boy, now you behave yourself!"

You watch as I take my slender fingers and place them gently on the underside of your cockshaft, letting them gently slide along the length of it as I lift it up a little. I let them slide up and off your cock, and it bounces and bobs around as I watch your reaction. Your eyes are closed...the sensations are mind-blowing and it's incredible how good it feels, particularly after I've made you wait so long for it, and made you want it so badly by denying you and making you beg.

"There now, sweetie, that's what you wanted, isn't it! Mmmmmm, feel my nice, soft fingers, touching your big, sexy cock...yeah, Kitty's gonna give you a nice, yummy handjob now!" Your head tilts back as my words sink into your brain, and your eyes close as I repeat the process, taking my soft fingertips and sliding them along the length of your cock again...

Suddenly you feel the material of your suit snap back in place, and your cock is now captured underneath the suit, confined but standing straight up proudly. The length of your cockshaft is now vulnerable, available for more teasing...and I immediately start in on it, taking my fingertips and running them up the length of it.

It's time to show off my skill again, and I begin by taking the sharp tips of my nails and putting them on the base of your cock, right above your balls. I look into your eyes with a knowing smile, and you know exactly what I want....you begin begging me to tease your cock, and I burst out laughing as I just leave my nails there, letting you plead with me to tease you! How delicious!!

I make you wait a nice long time before I say, "Shhhhhhh", and you go quiet as I start to slowly stroke the tips of my nails up the highly sensitive shaft of your cock, and I pull them off right as they approach the head and pause. I look into your eyes, as though I'm waiting for something, and you know exactly what to do, and you burst out begging, which causes me to repeat the teasing cockshaft-stroking.

Over and over this game repeats, and once again I display my teasing skills as the strokes take on different techniques, zig-zagging, circling, curly-cue'ing...your begging gets more intense each time I stop, and each time I do, I make you wait a little longer before continuing.

This type of teasing is my absolute favorite, having you so helpless and vulnerable, so stimulated, and making you beg and plead with me for more of what I'm offering, but then withholding it. I've come to understand that it is so much more effective to show you what I'm going to give you, demonstrate it to give you a nice taste of the pleasure that awaits you, and then slowly and deliberately take it away. Give you some, take it away, offer it back, make you want it, make you beg for it, give you just a little more, or not....this is cockteasing at its finest!!!

As I deny you like that, your desire goes completely haywire, even more so than if I simply denied you outright. And so it is with you right now, as you wail out in agony, pleading for more attention from my kinky, loving fingernails, but I simply laugh at you and take a step back, leaving you in your hopelessly aroused state, placing my hands on my hips and throwing my weight to one side as I carefully observe my delicious erotic handiwork...

Without being told, you follow me, and I let you approach me and reach down to stroke your cockshaft through the shiny material of your suit. The sheer fabric offers you a higher level of pleasure than some other type of suit...you were wondering why I insisted that you wear this stretchy spandex suit and now you know why!

"Keep begging, baby, don't forget!" I say gleefully, and you oblige me...the feelings inside you are unlike anything you've ever experienced...to be so helplessly at my mercy, so out of control...so controlled by me! Your body begins to tremble as my nails stroke up and down your cockshaft, and then they start to focus on your cockhead, circling it with the tips of two of my nails...

You've told me how sensitive your cockhead is....so it deserves extra special attention. I take one hand and lift it to your lips, hushing you as my other hand starts to attack your cockhead. I teasingly stroke the very tip of it through the stretch fabric, letting all four nails of that hand move up and down, back and forth over it. I then start to touch it gently with my fingertip and then take it away, and your whole body thrusts forward each time I remove it...again, it's involuntary.

This little game is of particular interest to me...making your body do things completely beyond your control. The way the male sexual organ can be stimulated without the male's consent is absolutely fascinating....men can be made to become aroused without any ability to control themselves....they are simply pawns in the hands of a sexy girl who knows how to control them! And they can also be made to CUM...whether they like it or not, whenever I feel like it....or not!

Suddenly, after several minutes of this tortuous teasing, I slip my long-nailed fingers inside your bathing suit and pull it outward, tugging it down so your cock and balls come falling out again, and then letting it snap back right under your balls. The tight strap underneath your testicles gives you erotic pleasure as the pressure on that area is a known point of stimulation for the male physiology, one I'm very familiar with!

I then look into your eyes again, lowering my hand to your exposed erection, and you begin to beg, but again I hush you with one finger held up to your lips. I look down and softly take one finger and place it on top of your cockshaft, right in the middle. My thumb reaches underneath and touches the underside of your cockshaft, and I slowly squeeze it between my two fingers.

The two finger cocktease is another favorite of mine, and as I slowly introduce you to this technique, your eyes close again as the exquisite pleasure sends jolts of electricity right into your brain. The soft pads of my two fingers begin to slowly slide down the length of your shaft, using the lightest, softest pressure imaginable, and then they move back up.

After just one stroke, your cock grows even larger, starting to twitch as the blood pulses through it in response to my exquisite teasing. Again, you instinctively thrust your cock out, and you should have known that it would just make me stop stroking it, but as I said, your body is becoming less and less controllable...it can't help itself as I continue to stimulate you, and I am not helping your situation, not one little bit!

"Now, now, now, you stop that!" I say in the most girlish style imaginable, "You have a very naughty cock there, sweetie, and I just may have to teach it a lesson!" And with that, I reach down inside my bikini bottom and teasingly pull out a red satin sash...I look into your eyes and lick my lips seductively as I pull it out, and more and more comes out, about five feet long!

"Now, hon, you told me how you might like it if I tied up that naughty cock...is that true? Would you like that??"

"Yes, Kitty!"

"And....it wouldn't be much fun if we couldn't tie up your balls too, would that be okay?"

"YES!!!"

"But don't worry, I'm gonna very really nice to you, it's gonna feel soooooooo goooooood, and you're gonna get soooooooo hard! And then, when I've got it all tied up, I'm gonna use these sexy fingernails to make you do all kinds of naughty things....."

You watch as I teasingly take the shiny, soft red sash and place it under your testicles, sliding it back and forth as I lift it up, putting gentle pressure on the super-sensitive area right there...I think it has a name, I forget what it's called!

And then, I slowly wrap it around the base of your cock and balls, again lifting upwards. Your cock sticks straight up toward the sky as I teasingly play around with the sash, and after a little while longer I make a criss-cross with both ends of the sash and begin to tighten it, oh-so-slowly wrapping up your genitals. As I slowly tighten the knot around your dick and balls, I watch your cock respond the pressure, and my eyes widen as I see what starts to happen...

There is nothing in this world more erotic than watching a man's already erect cock get even harder as it is slowly tied up...I watch intently as the veins on the shaft start to swell as the blood becomes restricted by the soft red sash tightening around your prick and balls. The entire length of your cock, which was already fully erect before I started tying it, actually gets noticeably longer as I continue to wrap it up!

The feelings of pleasure you feel as I slowly continue to enslave your man-meat take you to an almost out-of-body experience...your cock is becoming more and more MINE with each passing second, and you know it! My smile broadens as I study the effect that this cock-bondage has, and I start to encircle the base of your cock and balls....once, twice, three times.

I slowly tighten it, and it causes unbelievable pleasure as the pressure continues to restrict the blood flow to your sex organ...I don't stop until the head of your cock starts to turn all shiny and purple, and the veins on your shaft swell full of blood until they are about to burst!!!

I could easily cause you any amount of pain at this point this way, but I seem to instinctively know exactly how to tie up your genitals with just the right amount of pleasure to bring you right to the edge of pain, but not go over. What would the point of that be? We're not into S&M, this is about sensuality and seduction, and yes, complete control over you! And we're there, aren't we?

I make a knot with the sash and tie a pretty bow, finishing off my work just like a Christmas present, and I reach down to tickle your testicles a little with the tips of my slutty nails before taking a step back. The sash still has a couple of feet hanging loose, and I hold it like a leash and tug on it playfully, pulling you to me. I've got you now, haven't I!!

"Now, sweetie, we're going to go for a little walk around the parking lot, so come with me! And then I'm going to show off another little bathing suit I brought with me....it's black, and made out of a material I know you like...you told me you like it, so I'm gonna wear it for you! And then we're going to discuss what else will happen to you today...."

The End

