"It was very romantic." Anya's feather duster skirmished over the shelves of the display case, front-line troops in the endless war against grime. "Also quite annoying. One would think he'd given a little bit of thought--just a little bit, I don't ask for miracles--to the demon aspect before this. I certainly spent numerous sleepless nights obsessing about the fact that as mortals we're both doomed to become extremely wrinkled and unattractive and then dead."

"Well, it is Xander," Giles pointed out. "One might think, but Xander is not one." He closed the diary of Albert Venn (Watcher of Luanne Scoggins, Lafayette, Louisiana, Called 1931, died 1937 of mysterious causes after an illicit affair with a local boccor), sat back, and gazed at the lettering on the slender volume's spine, his thumb denting his lower lip. After a moment thus engaged, he set the journal down. He'd taken to carrying them with him, perhaps in superstitious hope of absorbing some critical scrap of information by osmosis. "Anya... have you any past experience with Slayers? Before meeting Buffy?"

The feather duster stilled, and Anya tucked a silver-blond tress behind one ear, a thoughtful frown creasing her brow. For once Giles agreed with Xander; the platinum hair didn't suit her. She'd looked much better as a brunette, her face framed in golden-brown waves which matched the rich grain of the wood shelving. Giles kept this observation to himself--knowing Anya, her hair would be russet or jet black by the wedding. She made a regretful noise and shook her head. "Not a lot. I granted a wish for one once, back in the fifteenth century, but that wasn't in her professional capacity." She brandished the feather duster at a particularly obstinate corner. "We tend to avoid them. Most Slayers have this 'See demon, kill demon' thing going on, and it's extremely annoying." At Giles's questioning expression, she elaborated, "Most demons won't have anything to do with vampires socially. It's not just dangerous when Slayers and you Watcher types lump us all up together, it's embarrassing."

Her expression said What kind of ignoramus wouldn't know that? Very likely she was right. Every now and then, Anya's fierce devotion to human conformity slipped, and thousand-year-old eyes looked out of that twenty-year-old face and made him feel young and foolish. It was strangely invigorating. No wonder Xander was secretly terrified of this wedding--even stripped of her powers, how long could he really expect Anya to play compliant Samantha to his Darren? "I beg your pardon. Didn't you once date--"

Anya gave vent to an unladylike snort. "Oh, Dracula was a social climber. Besides, we vengeance demons aren't much higher than vampires on the social scale--we start out human, just like they do. But we're more powerful, and, of course, we have a union." She came around behind the counter, secured the feather duster in the cabinet under the register, planted both elbows on the counter and leaned forward to see what he was reading. "Why do you ask?"

The shop bell rang, and for some moments they were both distracted assembling the ingredients for a potency spell ("For a friend!") for the nervous little man who crept into the shop as if he were buying heroin on a street corner. "Many fewer side effects than Viagra," Anya assured him with a brilliant smile. "Most people don't even notice the discoloration. And I'm sure your friend's significant other will appreciate the numerous and prolonged orgasms." She shook her head as the man scurried out. "I'm sure one of those ingredients is an allergen. People get so red the moment they get near it."

"Fancy." Giles slipped his glasses back on, pulled out another journal and began leafing through the entries. "In these Watchers' diaries I've been studying, there are two distinct patterns: Slayers becoming rigidly controlled killing machines, and Slayers becoming wildly erratic." Another thoughtful adjustment of the glasses. "Every now and again, a case arises which appears in the official reports to fall into the latter category, but if one reads between the lines and squints a great deal..." Giles sighed and shook his head. "I had some faint hope that you might have a personal recollection of some of them. It would be extremely useful to have an outside perspective on some of these events."

He no longer entirely trusted his own. He'd grown too lax to be a Watcher, too wrapped up in Buffy's private joys and sorrows, and couldn't help reading them into the accounts of past Slayers. "Let me take a look," Anya said, reaching for the book. "Maybe something will jog my memory."

Giles handed her the journal of the moment and his notes on the other volumes. She scanned them quickly, a small murmur of recognition escaping her. "This one," she said, tapping one of the names on his list. "Maria Lupe. I wasn't involved, but I heard about it. She was having an affair with one of the were-jaguars. Quite a scandal."

"Are you certain? Her Watcher's account indicates that she died fighting jaguar spirits."

Anya closed the book; the pages came together with a crisp snap. "Of course I'm certain. I have an excellent memory for gossip; it's a professional asset. And it's not impossible. After all, Buffy's having sex with a vampire and she'll probably die fighting vampires."

"Must you remind me? Of either eventuality?" Giles ran his pen down the list--of the two dozen names he'd culled, over half fell into the erratic group, and of those, over two-thirds involved... inappropriate attachments of one sort or another. Not always romantic entanglements, either; there were alliances of one sort or another, which (reading between the lines and squinting a great deal) approached friendship. That surprised him far more than the romantic entanglements. Of course in any group of teen-aged girls, no matter how strictly trained and guarded, some would fall prey to their own hormones sooner or later. Of the cases where such entanglements were alluded to, only two of them involved a Slayer and a human male: the one with the boccor, and another with her own Watcher. The rest were a potpourri of the supernatural--jaguar spirits, vampires, selkies, werewolves...

I can't resist your sinister attraction .

"Out of the mouths of babes and robots," Giles muttered. Certain Slayers were drawn to their mortal enemies in spite of rigid indoctrination to the contrary, as well as all common sense. He was beginning to make his own deductions as to why; surely other Watchers must have come to similar conclusions long ago, and struggled just as he was doing now to separate human caprice from possible demonic influence. The feeling nagged at him that he was re-inventing the wheel, but odds were good that Travers was waiting with bated breath for him to file a research request with the main Council library in London. The very fact that Giles had done so would tell Travers more than Giles wanted him to know.

But unlike most field Watchers, Rupert Giles had alternate sources of information available. "Anya... you have several of your former colleagues in town for the wedding, do you not?" She nodded. "Would any of them perhaps be willing to tell me as much as they can recall about past liaisons between Slayers and demons? Especially about any of these particular cases? And--is there any chance that D'Hoffryn has any information on the nature and origins of Slayers in the annals of Arashmahar?"

Anya's expression was both shrewd and admiring. "Possibly. He'll be here next week. He'll want compensation for any information he gives you, of course--I'll negotiate for you, if you like. I'm better at that than you are." Satisfaction sparked in her dark eyes, and she laid her hand lightly across the back of his. "I don't like the Council. They were extremely rude to you last year, and we lost a good two days' worth of business while they were puttering around with their silly tests and things for Buffy. They won't expect you to go to D'Hoffryn, will they?"

"I doubt it. In fact--"

Both of them jumped as the door to the basement slammed open. Spike stalked through the doorway, tranquilizer gun slung over one shoulder and his duster billowing behind him like an anime hero with his own private wind machine. A stormcloud bruise bloomed across one razor-edged cheekbone, and his clothes were splattered with a sticky tracery of violet ichor. He marched straight up to the counter and dumped a squirming mass of mauve tentacles tipped with marble-sized, gooseberry-green orbs onto the blotter by the cash register. "Got any more of these?"

"Scirivin eyes?" Anya eyed the... er... eyes hungrily. "No, none in stock at the moment. You should put those on ice. They're more potent if they're still twitching."

Spike propped himself on one elbow against the counter and crossed a booted foot over the opposing ankle. "Yeh, I know. You want some in stock?"

The avid delight in Anya's face was quickly masked by professional detachment. She picked up one of the quivering eyestalks and examined it. It writhed in her hand like a giant nightcrawler. "Hmmm... torn at the root, not severed cleanly... not the highest quality."

"Bollocks. You find someone who can make a Scirivin stand all prim and proper while they trim its eyestalks and you can buy from him."

Anya looked surprised. "You didn't kill it?"

"Fuck, no. Won't grow a new crop of wrigglies for next month's rent if I'm so gormless as to kill it, now will it?"

"You have a point." She pursed her lips, poking at the remaining eyestalks with a felt-tip pen to assure herself that all of them were still twitching. "Flat fee or on commission?"

"Flat, for now. I need the blunt."

"Twenty dollars apiece?"

"Fine, whatever."

"Spike, you're supposed to haggle." Anya sounded almost offended as she opened the cash drawer and started counting out twenties--all neatly sorted so that they faced the right way. "It's no fun if you don't haggle."

Spike's grin was lupine. "Lurin' you in, pet. Flat fee now. Commission later. And a retainer."

Anya paused mid-count. "Retainer?"

"Yeh." He slapped the counter, making the eyestalks jump. "You want to sell demon bits; I can provide 'em fresh off the demon. And as I've such low overhead and we're such close friends engaging in cash transactions and all, cheaper than your out of town suppliers. 'N fact, you got a customer what wants something special in the way of scales and spines and dangly bits, I'll undertake to hunt it down." His eyes went hard. "Subject to a few restrictions. And if the Slayer asks, you'll certify--in writing, sodding well notarized if necessary--that anything I sell you's got at least one use that doesn't involve exploding eyeballs or extended painful death throes."

"I think that can be arranged." Anya handed Spike his money and a receipt, produced a plastic bag from beneath the counter, and gingerly swept the spaghetti-tangle of eyestalks into it. She knotted it neatly at the top and handed it back to Spike. "You can put that in the refrigeration unit in the basement on your way out. Your retainer's going to be purely nominal, of course--would fifty dollars a week do? And I'm thinking a five percent commission."

Spike reared back in outrage. "Nominal my lily white arse. Don't think you're going to impose on my good nature, Anyanka, just because you're easy on the eyes and I've a soft spot for birds with a talent for evisceration. The going rate for suppliers runs closer to five hundred a week. I done me some checking up before waltzing in here with your eyeball bouquet. And as for commissions--fifty percent. I'm the one out getting my valuables nipped off to supply you with Nagrak toenails."

Anya leaned forward, blood in her eye. "Ah, but you're inexperienced. I'm not going to pay you what I'd give a seasoned professional. Seventy-five dollars a week and a ten percent commission, and that's final."

Giles pretended absorption in the journal before him, but his curiosity was piqued. The ways and means by which Spike supported himself was a subject usually avoided by unspoken agreement. It went without saying that most of were them were dubious and some of them were downright criminal. Over the last two years the outright criminal had comprised a smaller and smaller percentage of the total--Buffy might make disapproving noises, but all in all, sharking pool and looting the lairs of the demons he killed were preferable to lurking in alleys in game face and trying to scare human passers-by out of their wallets.

This, however, was something else again. Giles slipped out from behind the counter and made his way to the bookshelves in the back of the shop. A glance back at the counter showed him Spike and Anya, platinum heads bent together in low-voiced colloquy--Spike explaining something in great detail, with emphatic gestures, while Anya typed furiously into the computer. "...have a business plan?" "...won't like you cutting in on their territory, but..." and "Clem can get us an in with..." floated over to the bookshelves. Apparently Spike had very specific ideas about the sort of business arrangement he was entering into. Giles scanned the shelves for a moment, plucked a copy of Santiago's Boca Del Infierno: A Bestiary from its place and flipped it open.

The woodcut illustration of the Scirivin demon resembled an ambulatory muffin top covered with mold; it was roughly five feet across and a foot tall, not counting the carpet of waving eyestalks. Non-sentient, subsisted on sewer slime, secretes acid, aggressive if provoked, eyestalks useful in scrying spells... it certainly didn't look like anything illegal, immoral, or even fattening. But it couldn't hurt to make certain. Giles adjusted his glasses and cleared his throat. "I hate to interrupt a doubtless lucrative transaction, but Anya--are we certain this is entirely legal?"

Anya and Spike exchanged a look, and Spike's lip curled. "Knew that was coming up sooner or later."

"Legal, yes," Anya said, drumming on the edge of the keyboard with her pen. "And even moral, if that's your real question. Scirivin demons are neither sentient nor endangered." She hit a key and the printer hummed to life behind her. A moment later it spat out several pages covered with columns of figures. She picked up the pages and sorted through them, then handed the one from the top of the stack to Giles. "This is from our inventory. Spell component on the left, quantity in stock, price per unit, etcetera. As you can see, mainly herbs, minerals, and animal products. This--" she handed him two more pages-- "Is a list of legal demon products we don't usually carry due to problems with availability--in other words, because the supply's been sewn up by the same black market operators who deal in vivisecting harmless Hombja'moleev demons for their musk glands."

Spike buffed his nails on the lapel of his duster and smirked. "Until now."
*****
Even on a Monday, Christmas crowds made finding a parking spot an exercise in skill and coordination approaching one of the higher levels of Tomb Raider, unfortunately sans access to Angelina Jolie's stunt crew. Buffy sharked her way back and forth across the eight or nine square blocks of downtown Sunnydale for fifteen minutes before finding a spot blocks away from where she wanted to be. Another five minutes of backing and filling and at least one nerve-wracking crunch later, she gave up and left the SUV at a drunken angle, front wheels scraping the curb and rear wheels a good foot and a half away. Parallel parking was obviously a demon-inspired Slayer trap.

Heads turned as she walked by, and why not? She felt good. She looked good. The brisk wind and bright sun put pink in her cheeks and the memory of last night's diversions put bounce in her step. Her lavender knit cap and matching scarf added a kicky accent to her cream blouse and heather skirt (grey indeed; who knew vampires were color-blind?).

She hadn't been this confident in ages--not since facing down the Council last year--and it felt wonderful. She'd knocked them dead at the interview--poised, cheerful, enthusiastic, but not in a scary call- security way. Swinging along down Main Street, her gym bag slung over one shoulder, she was morally certain she'd gotten the job. Not that she really looked forward to four weeks of dealing with hordes of frenzied Christmas and post-Christmas shoppers, but the clothing department of Oshman's was infinitely to be preferred to some of the other jobs she'd gone in for--if she got this one, at least she'd be in daily contact with cute ski outfits and hundred-and-fifty-dollar pairs of running shoes.

Of course, it was only a temporary position, which she was infinitely grateful for, even as she tried to be responsible and grown-up about it. Focus on the basics. Job good. Money better. Especially considering the bills pilling up on her mother's old desk, and the letter in this morning's mail she refused to think about just now. It would be good for her, Buffy remonstrated with herself, getting out and connecting with people. Even people who really shouldn't be trying to cram themselves into neon yellow spandex bike shorts at this stage of their exercise regimen.

The walk to the Magic Box provided another chance to scope out the ground for tonight's operation, at least. Buffy automatically noted the current positions of dumpsters and made calculations about the best places to corner Tanner in the event that he was alone, and ran through scenarios for getting him alone if he had his posse with him. She paused in front of the salon on the corner, irresistibly drawn by the smell of wet hair and perm solution. She peered through the front window. If the job came through maybe she'd splurge and get her hair done.

The Buffy in the window glass looked right through her, out at the street drenched in bright winter sunshine and the passers-by on the sidewalk behind her. Buffy put her hand to the cold expanse of glass, fingertip to fingertip with her reflection. Like touching a ghost. Two months ago, I was dead. She'd pass her reflection at the door, change places, and she'd become the ghost again, a wan, flat, colorless creature floating untouched through her own existence...

The suffocating numbness spread through her so swiftly that for a moment she was incapable of drawing breath. Her heart struggled to beat. She called images up like talismans: Dawn, snitching her blue cashmere sweater, irritating and infinitely precious. New shoes. Willow's silly Elmo-skin top. Blueberry pancakes. Spike's eyes, wicked and tender; Spike's hands, large and clever and fitting so well to every curve of her body; Spike's mouth, oh, Spike's mouth...

The emptiness within her thinned and faded away like morning fog. Buffy took a deep breath and turned away from the salon window, walking back out into the sunshine. She was meshed with the world again, feeling the slight pinch of her heels, the chill December wind lashing drifts of sycamore leaves through the gutters. That these moments still occurred was terrifying. That they were only moments now, brief interludes in a day full of worry about the meeting with Mrs. Kroger, excitement about the (fingers crossed!) new job, anticipation of tonight's battles--that was the miracle. A seagull was carving blinding white chevrons across the bright pale blue overhead, and it struck her that Spike's eyes were no longer the color of the sky. The sky was the color of Spike's eyes. Oh, God, I need this job.

Spike wanted to help so badly. Dawn, and even Willow and Tara, didn't get why she couldn't let him. Surely Spike wasn't doing anything that awful for money these days, and didn't all of them overlook his minor transgressions already? Would it really hurt to take the odd twenty for groceries, if only two of those twenty had accidentally leaked out of the hip pocket of some unsuspecting Bronze-goer?

That was the whole problem; way too easy for her to go from overlooking little things--because it was Spike, and he made her feel like slow-motion fireworks--to overlooking medium-sized things. Hopefully she'd never be so far gone that large things and Extra-Super-Big-Gulp-sized things were overlookable, but... wasn't that exactly the eventuality she'd made arrangements with Faith for? There was a constant chick fight going on between the part of her that just wanted to dance and shag and kick vampire ass and look fabulous while doing it, and the part concerned with following rules and doing the right thing for the right reasons and gaining the approval of parents and teachers and Watchers and ex-boyfriends and social workers and... and... that guy over there, the one with the hat.

None of her friends seemed to realize how very precarious was Good Buffy's chokehold on Bad Buffy. Especially when Good Buffy secretly longed to get in on the tastefully slutty outfits and ass-kicking herself. Give Spike an inch and he'd spoil her and Dawn both rotten, cater to their every whim with all the devotion he'd lavished on Drusilla back in the day. Very, very wrong, all that whim-catering, of course. Foot rubs, breakfast in bed, mysteriously-appearing designer clothing in her size... Talk about sinister attraction. It was totally unfair that she had to smack her own conscience around on top of contending with Spike's lack of same. Bet Spike never suffers from internal monologues. Buffy stuck her lower lip out, indulging in a small pity party, complete with cake and ice cream.

She couldn't make it last long. No one had held a gun to her head and forced her to jump Spike's delectable undead bones. The tingle up the back of her spine informed her that said bones were within jumping distance as she rounded the corner. The Magic Box's blue--was everything that shade of blue these days?--storefront loomed up before her. She was simply going to have to be strong. Fair wasn't in the picture; she'd known all along that with Spike, she was always going to have to be the one to make with the restraint. Fortunately for all concerned, Spike enjoyed restraints. Darn it, that was a perfectly innocent sentence when it started out. Monday, 12:14 PM -- Sunnydale residents startled by loud crash when Buffy Summers officially fell into debauchery. "I couldn't help it," Ms. Summers told reporters. "The dominatrix outfit came with the cutest thigh boots."

The shop bell jingled merrily as she pushed the door open. Giles was seated at the library table, awash in journals and chewing on the end of his pen, his hair sticking up in rumpled tufts. Spike was lounging against the front counter, cleaning the disassembled trank gun while Anya toted up a column of figures on the adding machine. All three of them looked up and gave her distracted smiles as she bounced in, but all in all there was a distinct lack of hail-the-conquering-Buffy in the air.

Anya leaned over and pointed out a figure. "That would be your estimated quarterly income. Any commissions on items sold would be in addition to that."

Spike nodded with the mystified air of one to whom finances were an unexplored continent, but who does not wish to appear a complete dunce in front of the natives. "It'll do."

Buffy seriously considered breaking out the old pom-poms. "Hi, guys! The interview went really well. I thought I'd get some training time in before Dawn gets home from school--The Kroger's due at our place at four. I really think I nailed this one," she said, adding, when effusive congratulations were not forthcoming, "Oshman's. Over at the mall. It'd only be temporary, sales and inventory until after the Christmas rush, but it starts this week and I'd get two paychecks out of it and one would come before Christmas so we could have a real dinner and presents and..." Jeez, what did it take to sell these people? "Electricity, which I hear is popular this year? Plus it's selling the cute kind of sports clothes you're not actually supposed to sweat in, so employee discounts? Major bonus."

"That's... er... capital news," Giles said.

"Yay, Buffy!" Anya chimed in obligingly.

Buffy aimed a sorrowful only-you-can-save-my-mood-now-Obi-Wan pout at Spike, who immediately abandoned the lure of the trank gun and gave her a great big delighted grin, dimples and all. "Good on you, Slayer. Should last you till the Council sees reason and ponies up, any road." Mollified, Buffy allowed him to take her gym bag and followed him back over to the counter. She slipped an arm around Spike's waist--lack of winciness, check; healed up completely. He bent and purred into her ear, "Famished for sight of you, love."

"Mmm. How can I resist a man who's all over purple gooey stuff?" Buffy tipped her head back, and received far more satisfactory congratulations in the form of one of those eternal breathless kisses. Maybe teeny, tiny amounts of demon lover spoilage were tolerable, if she resolutely kept the badness thereof in mind? That's it, I'll let him spoil me, but I won't enjoy it. She craned her neck curiously at the papers covering the countertop. "What's up?"

Spike took a deep breath and Buffy felt her stomach sinking. Uh oh. That's the Deep Breath of 'I can explain everything, Slayer.' Occasionally big with the entertainment value, but never of the good. Spike had that rehearsing look on his face, as if she'd caught him before he had his spiel completely worked out. "Right. It's like this, Buffy--"

Anya patted Spike's shoulder with a proprietary smile, as if he were a particularly clever puppy who'd just learned a new trick. "Spike is no longer an economic parasite!" she said proudly. "He's a productive member of the free market, selling his skills in healthy competition with his peers!"

Buffy pulled away slightly and cast wary eyes up at Spike, who was glaring the glare of the extremely cross vampire at the oblivious Anya. "And these skills you speak of would be...?" Buffy asked. Sarcasm-o-grams to order? William the Bloody, vampire gigolo?

"He's a free-lance demon hunter," Anya said, beaming. "Note the free-lance. Not an employee of the Magic Box, should anyone from Immigration and Naturalization or the IRS happen to ask."

Buffy wriggled a finger in one ear. "I'm sorry, I must have misheard, because I thought you just said Spike had become some kind of demon hunter. As in killing demons for money."

"Love, it's not exactly--"

Anya overrode him. "Spike already kills demons for money. Or at least, he kills demons for fun and sometimes he takes their belongings or body parts to exchange for money. Hadn't you noticed? It's made him quite unpopular. Really, Buffy, you're having sex with him; you ought to exhibit a little curiosity about what he does, even if you're not really interested. It's only polite."

Buffy unclenched her jaw sufficiently to form words. "I'll keep that in mind. So the big difference between Spike the economic parasite of yesterday and Spike the brilliant entrepreneur of today would be...?"

Anya opened her mouth to explain further, but Spike reached across the counter and (surprisingly gently) closed it. "Difference is I'm not killing 'em for fun and games," he said. "I'm doing it businesslike, going after particular demons I know we can make a good profit on."

I can't let my guard down for a second, can I? She could feel herself freezing, veins and arteries becoming brittle latticeworks of ice from the heart all the way out to the tips of her fingers. Surely anyone touching her in that moment would have found her colder than Spike. The anger was directed as much at herself as at him. Stupid, naive little girl. Buffy pulled away from him, stepping back far enough to look him in the eye. "I thought," she said, "that we'd talked about this, and you weren't going to do it."

The muscle in his jaw was doing the twitchy thing. "We talked, Slayer, and as I recall agreed we weren't going to profit from anything exclusively used by the forces of wickedness. Oh, I forgot--does 'we talked about this' mean 'Spike agrees to ask Buffy's gracious permission before wiping his arse?' Sorry. Lost my Buffy-to-English dictionary."

Buffy blinked furiously. She was not going to start crying. She was too mad to start crying. "Damn it, Spike! Don't you dare make this about me!"

"Why not? Isn't everything about you?"

Nose to nose again, really furious this time. "No, it's about them!" Buffy waved an arm in the general direction of the street. "It's got to be about them, or I really am nothing but--did you really expect that announcing you were selling contraband demon guts to some sleazy black market scumbag would make me happy?"

"Excuse me, but as the sleazy black market scumbag in question..." Buffy whipped around; Anya stood her ground and met her eyes with pinch- mouthed irritation. "I would never endanger this store or my standing in the Sunnydale business community by selling illegal goods. What's your objection to the business arrangement I have with Spike?"

Buffy cocked her head to one side and assumed a vacuous stare. "Aside from it being wrong to chop people up and sell their livers? Gee, I don't know. Let me think about it."

"I'm not killing anything with the brains to complain about it. I'll save that for my own after-hours amusement. Since when are demons people to you, Slayer?" Spike's lip curled in equal parts amusement and disgust--equally infuriating, anyway. "You spent an ounce of worry in the last two years over whether I've confined my fun to killing the nasty varieties? Fuck all, Buffy, would you blink once at taking Clem's head off if you'd not been introduced?"

No, she hadn't, and she probably wouldn't, and Clem was no danger to anything but small furry mammals. The idea that there was an entire new arena where she'd feel obligated to police Spike's behavior (and, God help her, her own) made her feel faint. She was barely wrapping her brain around the concept that there were any non-nasty varieties. The whole thing was getting way too complicated, with good demons and bad demons and demons who used to be people and people who used to be demons and if a train leaves Seattle at 5:00 AM traveling towards Denver at sixty miles an hour can you trust a soulless vampire any further than you can throw him? Buffy slapped her palm down on the counter, sending papers flying. When in doubt, resort to violence. "That's beside the point. I'm not the one demanding cash for taking back the night."

"Only 'cause you haven't talked the Council of Wankers into it yet. Jealous?"

Seethingly; how come you get paid for having fun? Buffy turned on Anya. "Wasn't there some reason why haven't you ever carried any of this stuff before, Anya? Oh, right. Because the people who sell it are slime!" She snatched her hand back and clenched her fists at her sides. "I've had run-ins with them before. One of them thought Oz would make a great throw rug." She threw a beseeching look at Giles for support, but he was watching the exchange with aloof interest and said nothing.

Spike snorted. "So because Spells R Us down the road sells Hands of Glory at half price and has more customers go missing than Mrs. Lovett's Pie Shop, that means all magic stores are owned by ravening ghouls, eh?" He thrust the list of spell ingredients at her. "Not claiming I haven't disposed of a few gizzards with the shadier blokes in my time. Way I see it, if I'm going to kill something anyway, it's a pity and a shame to see the useful bits go to waste, and a vamp's got to eat. But for this deal it's going to be straight up. If you'd ever bothered to learn a thing about the beasties you've been killing for the last six years, you'd know there's not an item on the menu to raise a bishop's eyebrow."

Buffy shoved it back at him. Ghora, Scirivin, Luxos... she didn't know enough about the arcane science of demonology to tell if he was being truthful or not, though she had no reason to believe Anya was lying about it. "So from now on you're only going to help out if it'll bring in a profit?"

"I didn't say that," Spike snarled. He began re-assembling the trank gun, snapping pieces back into place with brutal efficiency. "Look, Anya's the one with the soul and the tax number. That's why I set this up the way I did, making her the middleman, because this time it is all about you, Buffy. Honest cash. And we--" he jabbed a forefinger into her chest, "--have a deal. You're going to take it, and it's going to help pay your sodding bills and buy your sodding groceries and buy the Bit something nice for Christmas. You're not meant for waiting on people, love--you're better than that."

The conviction in his voice rasped right down into her bones, a seductive pain. Her breath caught in her throat. "No. I'm not. What I do, what I am--the Slayer has to be for something. I won't--I can't," Buffy gritted out, "take a single penny from you."

Spike's voice went low and hard. "I'll know what your word's worth, then, won't I? You told me to do what I thought was right, Slayer--even if you hated me for it. And what I think's right is taking care of my girls." He jammed the last piece of the trank gun back into place and nodded to Anya. "Be on my way. Thanks."

"You're welcome." Anya directed a smile at Buffy, a tight, sharp-toothed expression that made one suspect her demon aspect wasn't as long-lost as one might like to believe. "Xander says if I can't say anything polite, I shouldn't say anything. So I won't say anything to you right now." She began clearing the scattered papers off the counter, then, with icy hauteur, added, "Peter Parker sells photographs of himself. I checked."

Buffy stood frozen, the tense lines of Spike's back as he stalked off down the basement stairs burnt into her retinas. She'd said and done all the wrong things, and was still flailing for the right ones. She smashed her fist into the counter and ran for the training room, slamming the door behind her.
*****
Buffy had changed into sweats and a tank top, pulled her hair back in tails and ditched the heels for sneakers by the time Giles entered the training room, and was whaling furiously away at the punching bag. Every blow featured a paired imprecation: "Stupid..." (kick) "Pig-headed..." (punch) "Brain-fried..." (chop) "Vampire!"

Giles watched her critically for a moment. She was not so much sparring as attempting to pummel it into submission. "You're leading with your left."

She gave the bag another vicious blow. A seam popped. "I hate him!"

"Under normal circumstances I'd call that a healthy turn of events. Buffy..." Giles refrained from pulling off his glasses; he'd polish right through the lenses at this rate. There must be some special category of Oscar reserved especially for Watchers consoling their Slayers over a quarrel with her vampire lover, a lifetime achievement award in irony. By all rights he should be taking this opportunity to nudge her towards breaking it off, but... but. "Much though it pains me to defend Spike in any capacity, out of consideration for our insurance premiums, I feel bound to point out that he hasn't done anything wrong. Yet."

"Yet! Exactly!" Buffy executed a spin-kick which would have taken the head off of a Zagros demon, dropped flat to the training mat to avoid the bag on the backswing, leaped to her feet and unleashed a flurry of punches. "He doesn't--unh!--get it. He'll never get it. He's incapable of--mmf!--getting it." She drove both fists into the bag, sending it careening wildly in circles. "And I'm the dorky tourist in No Soul Land, convinced that if I just talk loudly and slowly and use words of one syllable--I'm deluding myself that this could ever work."

"Very likely so." Giles shoved his hands in his jeans pockets.

Buffy collapsed cross-legged to the mat and yanked off the purple happy-face scrunchy holding her ponytail. Strands of honey-blonde fell to her shoulders and she stared at the scrunchy with horror. "This is Dawn's . My life is in shambles and I'm wearing Dawn's scrunchy." She wrapped the scrunchy around her hand, toying with the elastic. "It's all gotten so complicated." Her voice trailed away, soft and devoid of emotion. "I loved Angel. That was all I had to know. And then it wasn't--it wasn't enough. I loved Riley. And that wasn't enough either. So what makes me think it'll be enough this time?"

Giles sighed and sat down on the bench against the wall, the dark green vinyl hissing under his weight. What had Maria Lupe's Watcher felt, seeing a slim brown hand laid across dappled tawny fur, dark liquid eyes caught up in pools of molten gold? He wished he could call across the centuries-- Was she happy? Did her heart shine in her eyes when he walked in? Did he batter himself bloody against his own limitations for her sake? Were your reports to the Council as full of careful omissions as my own? "It won't be." Buffy's breath took a short wounded hitch. "Love by itself never is. But without it, you would most certainly be doomed. My dear girl... Spike is like the dog who walks on his hind legs. The wonder is not that he does it poorly, but that he does it at all. If that's not enough for you..." He left the real question--should it be enough for you? --hanging in mid-air. "Best end it now before either of you is hurt more." He hesitated. "It's hardly an encomium, but remember that Spike kills because he loves to kill. The money's as secondary to him as it is to you."

"Secondary." Her laugh was hollow. "Our bank account's almost empty. I added it all up two or three times, and I know math wasn't exactly my best subject, but it won't be long before checks start bouncing. The child support covers Dawn's school books and clothes and lunches and stuff, but there's nothing left over. Mom's ADC check will be cut off next month when I turn twenty-one--Dawn'll still be getting hers, but it should go towards college. Willow and Tara can only chip in so much, and I got a letter from the insurance company this morning saying that our shingles were shot and we had to get a new roof or they'd cancel our coverage." She looked up, her eyes damp and bright, lichen on wet stone. "That's, like, ten thousand dollars. Or more. Even if I do get this job with Oshman's, Spike's moneymaking scheme is looking really, really good."

It was far easier to disdain money when one had it in quantity, Giles mused. "The job isn't perhaps the most savory in the world, but it may prove useful--if Spike's known to be out hunting demons, it gives us a good cover to do likewise without alerting the Council that you're still slaying."

"Right. My moneymaking scheme, which is ever so morally superior." Buffy buried her face in her hands, all small and muffled. "You know what's scary? When he tells me I'm too good to sell clothes or wait tables, something in me wants to believe him. How can I possibly trust him to do the right thing when I can't trust myself?"

"You were perfectly willing to endanger our ruse by leaping into the fray last night. I doubt your mercenary instincts have completely overwhelmed you." That elicited a small, hiccupy laugh. Giles slid off the bench and knelt beside her, laying a hand on her shoulder. "Buffy...I never thought this day would come, but I agree with Spike. Not that you're too good to wait tables--there's no work that's beneath anyone if it's done with good will--but that you're good enough to do better. Perhaps you'll wait tables for now, but for now isn't your entire life."

He felt the rise and fall of her back under his hand, so deceptively frail beneath the cotton tank top, scapulae as light and fragile as a bird's creasing the curve of her spine. When she'd first come back he could count each rib; now there was muscle there, thin and solid. After a moment she straightened and sat up, weary but resolute. "So. You said there was other stuff you wanted to talk to me about?"

"Yes." Giles got to his feet, removing his glasses and rubbing the back of his neck against an incipient tension headache. "When I spoke to Quentin Travers last, he dropped some obscure hints as to why he was reluctant to allow a Slayer independence, financial or otherwise, from her Watcher."

"Ooh, yeah, the willful bit." Buffy got to her feet, glanced at the somewhat worse-for-wear punching bag and walked over to the pommel horse. "Any minute now I'll be wearing my knickers buckled below the knee and smoking cornsilk behind the barn." She pulled herself up onto the horse with a single graceful motion.

"I've done considerable research in the last few days on Slayers who've lasted as long as you have--there aren't many--and I believe I'm getting an idea what Travers has been hinting at." He stopped. How to introduce this? "I believe Travers expected me to draw exactly this conclusion, and I believe he was counting on my being shocked at it. Needless to say, he seriously underestimates my threshold for alarm."

Buffy's breath hissed between her teeth as she flipped over. Giles took automatic note of her form, though it had been some time since he'd found any serious flaws to criticize. "Alarminess factor high but non-critical. Check."

"Actually I find it rather intriguing," Giles said. "Bear in mind that this is largely speculation on my part. Has it ever struck you as odd that an organization such as the Watcher's Council, which keeps exhaustive records of its activities and has lasted in one form or another for at least two millennia, hasn't so much as a fireside tale concerning the event which justifies its existence? We have several accounts of the origins of vampires--and setting aside the question of how accurate any of them are, why have we no equivalent legends of the origin of the Slayer?"

"Eh. It registers a 2.5 on the weirdness scale." Buffy went into a mid-air split, toes impeccably pointed. "Personally, a little too busy being the Slayer to bemoan my lack of a thrilling origin story. At least before the whole Dracula thing." She made a rueful face. "And not much afterwards. Avoidance and repression work so well for me." She flowed into a handstand. "Besides, the inconvenient part where you have to die before a new Slayer's called? Not a lot of opportunity to pass down secret origins and Aunt Martha's gingerbread recipes."

"Mmm." Giles sat down on the bench again and leaned forward, steepling his fingers. "The odds of the truth surviving from the Neolithic to the present is virtually nil, quite correct--but mankind is a storytelling beast. If the truth was lost, why haven't we made up a few comforting lies to take its place? How did the First Slayer come to exist? How is a new Slayer chosen when the old one dies?"

"Huh." Buffy went through a few more spine-twisting contortions, barely breaking a sweat. "I guess I always assumed that Slayers were the flunkies of the Powers That Be."

"Hardly. Recall that Whistler told you that the Powers never saw you coming. Primarily, I would assume, because according to prophecy you were supposed to have died the previous year; ever since you've been a wild card. But were Slayers the especial province of the Powers, I would expect the Powers to check in on them occasionally. Consider what few facts we have. The first Slayers arose not long after the first vampires, created or summoned specifically to deal with them. They are always female, always Chosen at the age of fifteen. There are dozens, perhaps hundreds, of potential Slayers alive at any given moment. The Council has some rather unreliable methods of identifying them, and attempts to do so and train them as they did with Kendra--but as you and Faith can attest, many Slayers aren't identified by the Council until after their powers manifest."

Buffy gave him an upside-down frown. "And this relates to my lack of paycheck how?"

"Dracula claimed that your powers were rooted in darkness. In a sense he may have been correct. I believe your powers may be of demonic origin. As the saying goes, set a thief to catch a thief. Whatever or whoever created the Slayers, it was not the Watchers' Council; we are latecomers, trying to harness a force we don't fully understand...and perhaps rightly, fear."

Buffy froze mid-figure, the whites of her eyes showing all the way around the pupils. She dropped to the floor with a thump, still gripping the handles of the pommel horse with white-knuckled intensity. "Dracula was all 'Join me, Buffy, and we can rule the galaxy yadda yadda.' He was running a con. Wasn't he?"

Giles replaced his glasses. "I'd hardly classify him as a trusted source, but our encounter with the First Slayer supports it. It--she--was a primal force, scarcely human, contemptuous of human ties--Buffy, do stop hyperventilating."

"I can't be a demon!" Buffy grabbed his arm in wild-eyed panic. "I kill demons! This is not ew. This is beyond ew. This is Return of the Son of Ew Meets Abbott and Costello Vs. the Wolf Man!"

Giles winced and pried her fingers out of his biceps. "I didn't say that you were. I said that it's possible--possible, mind--that your powers are of demonic origin. Something similar, perhaps, to the origins of the vengeance demons--human women infused with a greater or lesser degree of demonic essence. In the case of Slayers, strength, speed, agility, accelerated healing, prophetic dreams, and an affinity for weapons. Possibly other talents, if our experience in channeling the First Slayer is any indication, that few Slayers live long enough to realize. If I'm correct, this goes a long way towards explaining the Council's desire to keep it a secret, and their reluctance to grant you independence of your Watcher. A Slayer aware of her origins..."

Buffy swallowed hard, looking sick. "That's not all it would explain."
*****
Dawn shot a worried glance at the kitchen clock as Willow packed the necessary ingredients into her trusty blue nylon duffle with her usual care: incense and burner to the left, herbs in the portable spice rack, athame in its sheath to the right. Willow gave her a reassuring smile. "It's only two. We'll have it all out of the way before The Kroger gets here."

"I know." Dawn went back to her microscopic examination of the counters for crumbs, cat hair, or any evidence that human beings had used the kitchen for food preparation in the last fifty years. "I'm not nervous. I just want everything to be perfect." She checked behind the toaster and started re-arranging the flour and sugar canisters. "The living room got vacuumed, right? And ohmigod--" She dashed for the refrigerator, flung open the door and pulled out the jug of pig's blood, yanked off the cap and headed for the sink. "I should dump it, right? Or no. There should be a clever explanation, like it's for paint thinner or something. I'm freaking, aren't I? I shouldn't be freaking. That's Buffy's job." She stuck the blood back into the fridge. "I'm going to clean my room. Again." And she was off, hair a chestnut banner behind her, footsteps thumping up the stairs double-time.

"She may look like Dawn..." Willow intoned.

"She may sound like Dawn..." Tara responded.

"But she's a Pod Person from the planet Mars!" they chorused together, dissolving into giggles.

"OK, serious now." Tara wiped her eyes. "We've got all the components for the glamor spell?"

Willow peered into the duffle. "Pocket mirrors, Scotch tape, photos of average-type people, check."

"Components for the crazy-curing spell?"

She's upstairs, cleaning her room. Willow squirmed for a moment, then realized that her lack of response was leaving absent-minded territory and rapidly approaching distinctly odd country. "Um, it doesn't need any. Just like the one I used on you, y'know? Totally words and finger-wavy stuff." She held up both hands and wriggled her fingers illustratively. Tara sat back, playing with an amethyst crystal, her brow wrinkled.

"Wow--for all those people, I thought you'd need the focus a ritual would provide. That's..." She trailed off, obviously wanting to ask questions and just as obviously afraid the questions would be ill-received. "Impressive," she finished, offering up the word for inspection with hopeful eyes.

"It's not that big a deal." Willow's airy shrug as she took the amethyst and stuffed it into the duffle felt false and nervous in her own muscles. "I already had the basic spell worked out, remember? All I had to do was modify it."

Tara kept looking at her for a long moment, then said, "Components for the draining spell?"

"Amulet, uncharged, check. Funnel, amethyst, incense--oh, fudge, darts!" Willow dropped the duffle to the floor and dashed over to the stove and the two-quart saucepan which had been huddled forlornly on the back burner for the last two days. A proper witch, she sometimes thought, would have had a cauldron like Amy Madison's mother had owned, but here she was stuck with a piece of battered Revereware. Willow lifted the lid and peeked inside; the darts were still steeping in Infusion of Icky Stuff--hellebore, nightshade, the usual suspects.

Willow took a wooden spoon (the special Potion Spoon, under no circumstances to be used for whipping up cookie dough) from its hook on the wall and fished out a dart. In the overhead light of the stove they were starting to reveal a greenish, phosphorescent luster. "I think these are ready--I'll just quick run them over to Spike's crypt." She pulled a Ziplock bag from the cupboard beneath the sink and began spooning darts into it, careful not to dribble any of the liquid on bare skin. They glowed malevolently, and Willow turned the bag this way and that, admiring her work. Was this or was this not cool?

"Don't take too long," Tara said.

For a second Willow was caught in those deep clear eyes like a fly in amber; time slowed to a snail's pace and Tara's words seemed to resonate through the room, carrying meaning far beyond the obvious. Then the moment was gone and Willow gave her beloved a quick confident grin.

"'Course not, I'll be back before four."

She gave Tara a hurried peck on the cheek and waved as she went out the kitchen door. She looked back, once, as she walked down the driveway; Tara's form was silhouetted in the nearer of the kitchen windows, watching over her--a guardian angel, or a guard dog? Willow felt an unreasonable stab of anger; did Tara still not trust her, after all they'd been through?

It was a beautiful day, bright and breezy and a little bit chilly, with the bare white branches of ash and mulberry trees, the last of their golden leaves still clinging in defiance of the wind, intersecting against the invariant green of palms and pines. The sort of day other towns in colder climes had in October. Sometimes she forgot how picturesque Sunnydale was in daylight. Willow strolled down the streets, taking her time, feeling the comforting warmth of the magic curling within her. The bag of darts, safely tucked away in her book bag, bumped against her side, and she ran over what she was going to say in her head, changing a word here and a sentence there. She was only going to get to say it once, and it had to be perfect.

She crunched down the gravel path which wound between the tombstones until Spike's crypt came into sight. The strains of "Sheena Is a Punk Rocker" drifted through the quiet cemetery, telling her Spike was home and up and about--she'd been a little worried that he might be asleep, considering how little he'd probably gotten last night. Willow shifted the bag from one hand to the other and knocked on the crypt door. No answer. She sidled round to the nearest window and pressed her nose to the grimy sill. In addition to the music welling up from downstairs--how many speakers did Spike have attached to that dinky little turntable, anyway?--the TV was on full blast, but there was no one in sight--had he stepped out, or was he downstairs? She hated just barging in the way Buffy did; it always seemed so... familiar. She grabbed the dusty iron bars of the window grill and half-hopped, half-pulled herself up for a better view. There was Spike's favorite beat-up old armchair, the new(er) settee and the scatter of books and magazines across the low table, the looming stone angels and the sarcophagus--no Spike.

Willow dropped down and gnawed on a fingernail. She could leave the darts, but then she'd have to think of another excuse to drop by and catch him alone--no easy task these days when he and Buffy were joined at the hip. Ew. Next on the Not-Going-There Channel... Working herself up for this had been hard enough. Reluctantly, Willow returned to the crypt door and gave it a little shove. Unlocked as usual, it swung in and Willow took a few tippy-toe steps inside, keeping to the lee of the nearest hunk of decorative funerary marble. Underneath the pounding beat of the music, a low rhythmic chanting became audible.

"...hundredn'fifty-seven, hundredn'fifty-eight, Timmy, you git, she's lying through her teeth! hundredn'fifty-nine..."

Willow peered around the body-sized urn at the same time Spike jackknifed up from behind the settee, hands laced behind his head. "AAAHHHH!!" Twin yells of surprise drowned out both the Ramones and Samantha's latest machinations: Willow dropped her book bag, Spike lurched backwards across the crypt floor, and both froze, identical expressions of embarrassment on their faces.

Willow recovered first. "I didn't see that if you didn't."

Spike slumped back on his elbows, blew out his cheeks, rolled over and got to his feet. "Could scare a bloke out of ten years' death, you could," he grumbled. "Made me lose count." Vampires doing sit-ups barely even registered on the Sunnydale Odd-O-Meter, but Willow sometimes wondered, considering supernatural vampire strength and speed and all, just what purpose Spike's compulsive working out served--male vanity? Or another method of distancing himself from his own past, the shadowy Ur-William glimpsed now and then behind the leather and bleach and sinewy grace? Spike hitched dangerously low-riding black sweat pants up on narrow hips and bent over to turn the volume on the TV down. "What's the occasion? Slayer decide I'm on the bench for tonight? Happens a law-abiding vamp can take a stroll downtown any time he feels the urge, so--"

"No, no--I haven't seen Buffy since this morning. Special delivery." She unslung the bookbag from her shoulder and dug around inside for the darts, pulling them free and holding the glowing packet up for inspection. "Here you go. One of these puppies should knock anything with feet off them."

Spike took the bag and grinned, an extremely nasty expression indeed. "Thanks, pet. I'll see they all get good homes."

"Why would Buffy--did you guys have a fight?"

He shrugged, affecting nonchalance though his eyes were hard and his mouth had an angry twist to it. "Difference of opinion." When Willow didn't make a move to leave, he paused, obviously uncertain. "Did you want to sit for a bit? Nothing worth watching on telly, but I've got cocoa." One shoulder twitched in a half-shrug. "If you're cold. Being pathetic and human and all. You lot ate me out of house and tomb last time you were here, might as well finish it off."

Dang it, did he have to be thoughtful, offer of hospitality, be as close to nice as Spike got? Willow felt sweat breaking out on her forehead. Darn. Vampires could smell fear; did she smell scared? Did nervous and semi-guilt-stricken count? "Actually I have something else to give you." Though why should she feel guilty? It wasn't like she was going to hurt him--why, he wanted this. He'd said so hundreds of times. She was doing him a favor. "It's kind of... well, I was pretty pissy to you after Buffy came back. I'm sorry, and I want to make it up to you."

He was startled, she could tell; startled and, she thought, touched. Spike cocked his head to one side with that look of startlingly gentle inquiry which--well, if she'd still been of a mind to admit to urges of the het variety, she could see why this was a look which made Buffy melt. "Ah, Will...no need for that. I'm a bad, rude man and proud of it, and if I can't take as good as I give I deserve the thumping." He grinned again, a much more appealing version this time. "Though if you're taking orders, I wouldn't say no to a plate of chocolate walnut chip. Make up for the biscuit crumbs you left in my bed."

"It wasn't exactly that kind of chip I was thinking about," Willow said.

"Eh?" More head-tilt, winter-sky eyes full of confusion--what was the matter with him? Spike was a smart guy; surely he had to realize what she was hinting at--ask, heck, beg, make it easy on her! "Will, what are you getting at?"

"I can take the chip out."

The expression on his face was something to see. Hope. Exaltation. Horror. Doubt. Fear. Joy. (And do not, do not think about the hunger.) Before nerves could overwhelm her she rushed the words out. "OK, so you know how the Initiative doctors said that the chip was embedded in your cerebral cortex? And how removing it could leave you a vegetable?"

Spike propped himself against the urn, arms folded across his chest. "It rings a bell." He looked rueful. "I didn't believe the wanker at the time--shouldn't matter if he took an eggbeater to the noggin, should it? Vampire; if I'm not dust, it'll heal. But I did some reading up later and the bleeder was right in his way--the physical damage would heal right enough, but no guarantee the post stitch-up personality would match up to old Spike in wit, charm, and general refinement."

"Well, there's more than one way to skin a cat." Willow hid one hand behind her back and began making a series of movements with her fingers. "I wouldn't know where to begin with the surgical route, but sense a piece of silicon and plastic in the middle of a nice squishy brain? Cake, piece of. And teleporting a goddess five miles up, kind of a strain on the faculties, but teleporting a quarter-sized doohickey one foot to the left? Not so much."

Magic required focus, required words and gestures and components. You couldn't cast a spell by will alone; you had to take the magic and funnel it through the proper channels, word balanced against word, sigil against sigil, catch the power in a delicate, adamantine net of conditions and requirements... "Tonight we're going up against human-type people, right? And the last time you almost got your head peeled open, 'cause you couldn't fight them. Not helpful. But if you could fight them--"

"Hold hard, Will!" Spike straightened and began pacing, hampered slightly by the sunlight pouring through the open doorway. A frown creased his brow. "You can really do this?"

She smiled--innocent, helpful Willow. "No reason why not."

He was hovering on the edge, right there, one foot over the precipice, every instinct in him screaming Do it, do it! She'd seen that look. She'd worn that look. She and Spike were alike on so many levels, and she knew, knew, knew that in a second he'd fall to the temptation, because there were offers no one could resist, and if he asked, it wasn't really her fault, was it...?

"Let me talk to Buffy first," he said, and Willow's nerves transmuted to rage in an instant. How dare he? How dare he, when she'd-- Her fingers closed convulsively on the last word: Remove, in Ameslan.

There was no law at all that said the language of a spell had to be a spoken one.

Spike swayed, caught himself, and stared at her in wild conjecture. His voice was a harsh, barely comprehensible growl. "Will--"

She held out her hand; in the center of her palm was the tiny glittering circle, still damp from cerebral fluids. Spike's hand went to the back of his head, raking through the thick blond hair, finding nothing but unbroken, undamaged skull, and for a second there was nothing but Oh, God, no! in his eyes, but in another second it was vanished, replaced by a terrible elation. She felt a nasty, weaselly kind of satisfaction--No better than I am after all, are you, Spike? "Souvenir," she heard herself say. "Because, you know, you're a Scooby now, and we trust you."

His mouth worked; no sound came out.

"I'd appreciate it if you didn't mention my part in this," she said, gently, but with a force behind the words that made the air sizzle. "To anyone."

And she left him there, dumbstruck in the doorway to the crypt, and started the long walk home. She walked swiftly now, pulling her sweater close about her, and as she stumbled through the bright sunshiny streets she found herself gasping, sobbing, tears running down her cheeks--fear, relief, betrayal--but whom had she betrayed? There was a sick awful feeling in the pit of her stomach. She was going to throw up, barge right into the living room and barf in Mrs. Kroger's lap, she was sure of it. "I did it," she said, choking on the words. "I did it. Are you happy? Is this enough?"

For now, said the voice of liquid ebony. For now.