************************
  "Young Exibitionist"
       by Mandy C.
          2002
************************

When I had turned 17, I was a girl every guy at school desired.
I, myself, prefered to tease any of them rather than getting in
bed with any of those guys who didn't cared about my pleasure.

I was 5'4" tall, weighted around 115 lbs, had 34B breasts, was
sportive, but most of all, was tanned from my many summer
vacations on the beach.

Even if I was sportive, I rarely wore sports clothes in public
except for gym classes and my jogging on saturday mornings. At
school I prefered to dress sexy, and provocative, yet staying
within the school dressing policy. I often wore see-through
blouses with dark underwear and mini-skirts with sexy thongs
underneath them.

One day, I decided to try something that would turn me on, while
catching the attention of anyone who loved sexy girls. I already
loved the sexy clothes but being without a boyfriend made me
horny and nothing else than my fingers were there to satisfy
myself. But that's a say, because they didn't fully satisfied me.
So I decided to go wild, and not wear thongs under my skirts.

The first day, just as I got out, I felt a bit weird to know that
someone could see me if I did something to draw their attention
but at least I had the nice breeze to cool me down a bit down
there. I got a bit early to school and decided to wait on a bench
for people to show up so I could test my plan. The first targets
I had in mind were guys but the idea of flashing to girls and
teachers made me rethink the whole idea.

So I sat there, with my lets a bit separated, just enough to let
someone see underneath my skirt or close my legs wihout drawing
too much attention if something unusual happened. To not look
stupid sitting on the bench I decided to pretend to read a book.

As people started coming, I got excited to know that someone
would see my shaved cunt. A few guys passed but didn't noticed
me. I was a bit disappointed until I heard some whispering, so I
turned my eyes to see who it was and I saw that it was a bunch of
girls who were open lesbians. It didn't mattered to me. I just
wanted a pair of eyes looking in between my legs. After that no
one else noticed me but it was time to go in.

My first class was math, and our teacher was kinda young and not
so bad looking. I decided to treat him by sitting in the front
row, near the middle so he'd rapidly see me. By having done oral
presentations, I knew what kind of vision you had when you were
in front. So I took a place and waited for the teacher to come
in. When I saw him I opened my legs again, but this time a bit
wider to allow him to have a good view. As soon as he saw me, I
noticed that his eyes lowered a bit more than usual. I was wet,
and I guess he could see that from his point of view. During all
class, I left it there, exposed to him as an invitation to
something more than a math class. He didn't said anything to me
but I knew he was not very comfortable with me showing my young
and private flesh to him.

The day went on and nothing exceptional happened as I thought of
leaving it to that point, and not blew the whole thing off. As
soon as I got home, I went upstairs in my room, and threw my bag
anywhere and sat on my bed. As I lifted my skirt, I started
rubbing myself as hard as I could until I was dripping wet. I
climaxed a few minutes later and soaked my bed with all my cum.

The next day I made a huge mistake. I didn't remembered I had gym
class. As I entered the dressing room, and saw all the girls in
there, I panicked. What was I going to do ? I couldn't change in
front of them, they'd see I didn't had underwear. So I decided to
head to the bathrooms and try to think of a solution, that didn't
lasted to come. I changed there, in the most private room you
could find. Although, my nightmare wasn't over. I used to wear
those kind of sports pants with buttons on the side, and I
thought, if someone undoes my buttons or by error they undo, I'd
be completely exposed to everyone.

As soon as I started the gym class, I completely forgot about my
delicate situation. We used to run in a park near the school, and
as I ran there every saturday too, I knew it as my pocket. As
soon as I had a chance, I changed my course and head to a little
secluded area near the lake. I sat on a dry rock I found nearby,
and the idea of masturbating popped in my head.

I undid a few of the top buttons of my pants and got my left hand
in them as I opened my slightly wet lips. I started rubbing my
clit and I occasionally took a few fingers in me. I was hot, so I
decided to take my shirt off, and I laid it besides me so I could
lay on my back as I finished my "job". I realised I would cum so
I also took off my pants and I left them nearby so I wouldn't
soak them. As I kept masturbating, I took my boobs out of my bra
and with my free hand, pinched and played with my nipples. I
closed my eyes as I did all of those and suddently I heard a
noice that came from the lake, so I opened my eyes a bit and saw
that a young fisher in his boat that was closing to the shore. I
was immediatly turned on by what I knew. He stopped just in front
of me, and sat there as he kept looking at me, taking special
notice of what I was doing. I couldn't help but keep my eyes
closed and keep going. I lost the notion of time, so I don't know
exactly how much time I was there but it surely wasn't more than
fifteen minutes. I kept doing myself, as I started taking my hand
to my mouth to taste my juices and excite even more my only
viewer who must've been very hard.

As time passed by I decided to go for it, and try to climax as I
always do. So I kept playing with my clit until I couldn't hold
it anymore. My fast paced fingers were going as fast as they
could, when I arched my back in an intense orgasm, better that
anything I had experienced in my past fingerings, and as I tried
to breath, I cummed all my juices out and soaked all the rock I
was on. As I finished cumming, I opened my eyes, and saw that the
guy was still there enjoying himself from what he had just seen.
But I still had to clean myself, so I decided to clean my pussy
with my fingers as I licked each and every one of them. I ate
myself in front of him until I was done. I was sweating from my
intense activity as I buttoned back my pants and took my shirt on
again. By how I looked, I knew the gym teacher wouldn't notice I
didn't ran as everyone else. In fact, I'm sure I looked more
exhausted that anyone in our class.

Taking care of not being seen, I got back at the back of the pack
of runners and came the time to head back to school. The same
thing happened to dress back. I had to isolate myself in a
bathroom.

Saturday came, and I repeated my experience at the park, except
this time no one came to see me. So I headed back to my house,
and as I got in, I noticed no one was home. I found a note on the
kitchen table, it was from my mom who said she'd be out for the
day because she had to help some friends to move. Knowing that, I
headed to my room and changed clothes. I decided to weak
something more natural. So I put on a denim outfit; jacket and
skirt. Of course, there again I wasn't wearing anything
underneath. I was going to the mall.

I went to take the bus, since I hadn't a car yet, but I guess it
was better like that. Luckily the bus wasn't too full so I headed
to the back and sat down. I waited a few stops and then some
people came to sit in front of me. A couple and a guy with a
walkman. I guess they were the lucky ones. I slowly opened my
legs, and bending foward like if I was trying to see where we
were. I didn't had to wait much. The couple rapidly set their
eyes between my legs, but my breasts were showing enough. I was
probably already wet, but at the moment I couldn't think of
anything else but just how horny I was becoming. The other guy
didn't noticed me; he was too busy with his music.

We finally arrived and I rapidly got off the bus and headed for
the first main store. There I looked for the bathrooms. I needed
a fingering so badly. As soon as I got in, I noticed no one was
there, so I didn't even bothered if someone came in, and lifted
my skirt and rubbed my clit as fast as I could. I was soaking wet
and couldn't really finger well standing up, so I sat down
besides the sinks and went back to my fingering. I tried to keep
my moaning as soft as I could, but just as I was losing to
climax, the door opened. A girl came in, probably my age, and
that just made my day. I started cumming all over, while I bit my
lip so I wouldn't moan as I wished I could. During all my
climaxing she kept there, staring at me, and she knew I came
because of her. As I finished cumming, I licked my soaked fingers
and got up.

"Want something ?", I asked the girl. She looked kinda shy.
"No, nothing" she said with a soft voice.
"Well, actually I'd like to know if I could, you know, taste too"
she added, with a big smile on her face.
"Of course, there", I said as I lifted my skirt again.

She raised her hand to me, and softly passed her fingers on my
wet opening. I was amazed by how confident this shy girl looked.
She rapidly licked her fingers and loved it. She wanted more. I
asked her to finger herself and she'd have all she wanted. From
there, she just nodded and went away. I cleaned myself a bit, as
well as calmed down.

I headed out and tried to find a next "lucky winner". As most
exhibitionists, we found the perfect guy at a shoe store. I
entered the store and directly went to ask him what he suggested
me for running. Just an excuse, but it worked. He was tall, and
had a relatively good shape. Brown hair and eyes added to the
charm. He showed me some models of shoes, and I finally calmed
down enough to try a pair. He went to take me my size. When he
came back, I insisted that he'd be the one to put the shoes on
me. For the first one I gave him a fast flash, but for the
second, I gave him a very good look. He got to see my still damp
pussy which I had shaved just the day before. He gave me a cute
smile as he got back up. I tried a few pairs, and finally found
one I liked. I wasn't really coming to buy anything but since he
said he offered me a 15 dollars off price, I couldn't refuse when
I know how he must have been feeling through the process.

So, I finished my day like that. I went back home to take a
shower and expected the best for the week to come. But I'd
definetly go on.

THE END
