"If I'd done it on purpose, believe me, I'd have made you hurt a lot worse."

James's voice is cool, professional; he's just stating a fact. Alec has watched James inflict pain; knows exactly how good he is at it. How ruthless. There is a perverse comfort in this knowledge; he feels the last of the tension dissolve. "I know," he whispers, closing his eyes.

For a long moment, James just sits there, stroking his hair. Strong hands, hands that have taken countless lives. Alec thinks he could live on just that touch. He lets himself sink deeper, toward the oblivion he craves.

Then the hands are gone, taking all the warmth in the world with them.

He hears the sound of shoe leather against concrete, as James gets to his feet. Clanking sounds, which some part of his mind registers as setting the gurney back on its wheels. Then the hands are back, but not gentle on his face or hair. Cool, proffessional, grasping him under his shoulders. A distant pain twinges in the injured one. For a moment, he nurtures the hope that James will put his arms around him, hold him. Just for a minute. Instead, he starts to slide him onto the gurney.

Stiff as he is with braces and casts, it's an awkward proposition. Alec thinks, vaguely, of helping; if he holds on to the side of the bed, James will be able to let go long enough to move his feet. But there is a great gulf between the thought and the action, and in the end, it's just too much trouble.

It doesn't matter. After a few awkward moments, James has him settled back in the gurney. It's only marginally more comfortable; between the casts and the braces, not much of him touches the mattress, but at least he doesn't have cold concrete transmitting up to make splintered bones ache.

He's still cold. Maybe if he asks, James will get him a blanket?

Maybe if he asks, James will become angry.

He knows that's rediculous; he made James angry before. It was his own damn fault.

But James shouldn't get angry. James isn't supposed to get angry.

James is supposed to be in control. Inflicting pain with deliberation, always careful to give him only as much as he can bear. Taking him to the edge, holding him -- dropping him just far enough to break. Not enough to --

As long as James is in control, he's safe.

But James hadn't been in control. He'd seen it in his eyes, the fury when he'd kicked the gurney. And then the wild panic when it had started to go over. That hadn't been part of his plan.

He'd pushed James too far. He'd wanted to see that cool façade crack, and it was no one's fault but his own that he'd gotten what he'd wanted.

Blue eyes flaring with rage. Muscles tensed for a fight, beneath his custom-tailored shirt. Alec could imagine that fury running truly out of control. Leaving him nothing but a broken corpse.

Worse yet, there's a part of him would welcome dying at James's hands.

Always before, he's been safe. Safe with James, because James was unbreakable. If he wasn't, if the ice beneath his feet was ready to shatter …

And he's trapped down here with him. Nobody -- except possibly Natalya, assuming she isn't already dead at James's hands -- even knows he's alive. MI-6 thinks he's dead. There will be no rescue -- not even the kind that comes with a bullet in the brain.

It's just the two of them. James and Alec. Alec and James.

No one here but us monsters.

The thought is almost enough to push him to the surface. Almost.

But it's safer down here. Unconscious, he's got a lot less chance of unleashing the monster that sleeps behind James's eyes. Or maybe the one that's coiled just beneath his own skin.