Chapter Six

"Pitfalls can rise through circumstance, or be manufactured by others, or even be inherent in one's self. No matter their nature, they must be overcome."
Samuel Hastings, Opening remarks at the Holiday Gold fundraising dinner for disabled athletes, December XXXX

Sam studied the page for the last special stage as Rip slowly drove them to the start of the run. "If we want to beat Rich's time, we need to drive this in fourteen point seven two minutes. The stage is seventeen miles long. That gives us an average speed of around seventy miles per hour."

"Shit. That's damn fast for an unknown timber run in the dark. No wonder Rich crashed. And he still had the fastest time on the damn thing." Rip pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to stave off the headache he could feel building. One more. That's all that was left, then he could sleep for six months if he wanted. "What's the max time?"

"They allow twenty-five minutes."

"Damn." Rip dropped his hand. "We're gonna need to fly."

"Rip." The shock in Sam's voice caught Rip's attention. "I can't believe this. The deceleration distance from the finish line to the course barrier is only a hundred feet."

"A hundred?" Rip swore, doing quick calculations in his head. If they were going seventy mph when they hit the finish line, they'd need at least a hundred and fifty feet to stop, closer to one seventy-five. "Where are the spectators?"

"Behind the Finish Time Control stand, it appears."

"Nowhere near the barrier?"

Sam shook his head. "Do you mean to take the end at speed?"

"That's what rallying is. We don't play safe." I can't lose.

A smile spread across Sam's face. "Of course not." He glanced at the clock. "We've got three minutes to get into position and start the last stage."

Rip could have kissed him. The guy had guts.

Sam's confidence helped something inside of Rip to relax, and determination settled in his bones. He was going to win. There was no way Rich could match him on this course. "It's going to be a hell of a stop."

"I trust you. Let her fly."

Rip looked over. "You're all right for a journalist."

Sam laughed. "And you're all right for a suicidal maniac." He glanced out the window. "And here we are at Arrival Time Control. I'll get the book marked while you do one last check."

Rip eased the Jeep into position and let her idle while he did a final safety check. By the time Sam emerged from the booth, he was ready, his focus narrowed to the course ahead of him, poised and ready to go, with the surreal tension of the competition churning in his stomach.

In less than an hour, the race would be over. In less than an hour, he'd be a free man again. He was running eighty-seven seconds faster than Rich. They both had one run left. Unless he fucked up or Rich pulled off a miracle, Rip had already won.

He hoped Sam didn't notice that he had an adrenaline hard-on, but didn't let it bother him too much, because Sam noticed everything, and anyway, it really didn't matter. He was going to beat Rich's ass and then he'd take on Hearst.

But one thing at a time. First he had to get through this last special stage in less than fourteen minutes.

Sam got into the car and strapped himself into his harness. "We're clear to go."

Rip revved the Jeep and heard a faint cheer from the spectators. He gripped the gearshift. "Ready?"

Sam tested his belt and helmet. "I'm ready."

"Then give it to me."

Sam picked up the route book. "Dirt track throughout, eight feet across so fairly wide but no shoulder, probably pretty torn up from the other competitors. We had rain late last night, so there's likely to be mud. The first three point six two miles are straight with slight curves, but the book says it's bumpy."

"That means we'll probably get jounced pretty bad. Don't bite your tongue while you're telling me where to go."

"People do that?"

"Joe did. Once. Though he was eating a sandwich at the time, too."

"I'll eat later, then."

"Good plan. Give me the rest on the road. Here we go." Rip revved the engine again, then clutched and hit the accelerator. The Jeep's tires screamed and they raced forward, headlights illuminating a vast wall of trees as they flew past the spectators and officials and crossed the start line at sixty-two.

Once they hit the forest, their road narrowed to a black tunnel and the track within the Jeep's headlights. Rip relied solely on Sam's voice and his own reflexes as they roared through the forest, so jarred by the rough track that Rip briefly wondered how Sam could continue to give him directions. But Sam did, and Rip pushed the Jeep and himself to the limit to follow them.

A stream leapt out of the darkness and flew past in a sheet of water and slick mud as they forded it and climbed out the opposite side, then they were in curves. Rip pulled the Jeep tight into each one, allowing her to drift the full breadth of the road as he accelerated through it and then pulling her back to the inside as soon as they cleared so they'd be in position for the next one. He kept the throttle wide open, wincing at the occasional protesting shriek of the tires, but none of them burst, so it was all good.

"We're nearly there. Sharp Z-curve, twenty degree incline, then straight downhill from the top to the finish line."

Rip tapped the brakes, positioned the Jeep and shifted, plowing into the Z-curve. He gripped the wheel with both hands and refused to let the Jeep straighten, though every law of mechanics fought against him. He felt her passenger side wheels leave the ground and for a split second he thought that they were going to roll, but she straightened out and started climbing, her engine straining as Rip pushed her hard.

They literally flew off the top of the hill, bucking hard as they landed, but the tires found a grip and they raced toward the finish line.

"Keep it at seventy-four, and we'll do it," Sam shouted.

Rip grinned and pushed harder on the pedal. The arrow rose and held at seventy-eight a hundred yards from the finish.

"I'm gonna throw her into a skid the second we're across the line. We're gonna hit the barrier on my side."

Sam didn't even have time to acknowledge him before they were over the line. Rip yanked the wheel over and hit the brakes.

The Jeep went sideways down the deceleration lane, throwing up mud and dirt in a huge wave in front of her. They hit the barrier hard and crashed through. The Jeep spun a couple of times, then jerked to a halt in a tangle of wood lathing and wire fencing.

Rip let out the breath he'd been holding. "You okay?"

He heard Sam moving in his seat. "A little sore, but yes, I'm fine. By the way, congratulations."

Rip looked at the timer and closed his eyes. "Thank fuck."

"Thirteen point three seven minutes." Sam's voice was soft. "Rich won't be able to make that up, no matter how brilliantly he drives the beach run. Rip. You've won the Sun and Moon."

Rip tried the words out in his head. I won. I out-drove Sterling Rich.

He felt no elation, no joy, just sick relief.

Blind rage swept through him. Goddamn that fucker, Hearst! This should be a fucking win, not a repeal of slavery. The race hadn't been fun, like it should have been. It had been a nightmare. A fucking four-month-long nightmare. "It's not a win."

Sam was silent, but a moment later, Rip felt his hand cover his own where he still gripped the wheel.

Rip fought down the lump in his throat. "We'd better check in." His voice sounded almost normal.

"Yes." Sam's hand dropped away.

Rip took a deep breath and shifted into first, easing the Jeep over the wreckage of the barrier fence. He slowly drove to Finish Time Control, and endured the congratulations, the whooping, the excited voices and jubilant fans, smiling and nodding as if he was fucking proud of himself or something.

Too bad he was such a fucking loser.

He'd have made a great winner.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Rip headed straight for the big screen television in the clubhouse to watch Rich's beach run. He arrived to an uproar.

He grabbed a reporter's arm. "What the fuck's the matter?"

"The beach run is closed for the night because the tide's coming in. But Rich is driving it anyway." The reporter shook her head. "He's nearly as crazy as you."

"Thanks." Rip let her go and stared at the screen, stunned. What the fuck was Rich doing? They would have given him the option of driving it tomorrow night, wouldn't they?

What if he doesn't know?

Rip's instincts kicked in and he shivered. Something was wrong. Something was really, really wrong. He headed toward the door and met Sam as he was coming in.

"Rich is—"

"I heard."

"I've got to warn him!"

Sam took Rip's arm and pulled him outside, leading him around the building until they were in the shadows. "Rip. If you go on the course, you'll be disqualified."

"Something's wrong. I can feel it."

Sam was silent. Rip could barely see him in the diffused glow from the lights in front of the clubhouse. "I think you're right to be worried," Sam finally said, sounding like he was still running conclusions through his head. "But what can you do?"

"Look, I've got my cell on me. I'm going to get the Jeep and head out there, but I'll wait by the service area. Call me if anything happens." When Sam didn't reply, Rip added quietly, "I don't give a fuck if Hearst owns me for life. If Rich and Joe are in trouble, I'll throw the race."

"All right." Sam squeezed Rip's arm. "Be careful. This may have something to do with Hearst's plans for you."

"You be careful, too."

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

The phone call that Rip had been dreading came through when he was still five minutes from the start of the beach special stage course.

The cell connection was bad, and Sam's voice faded in and out. "…He's in the water…McPherson… sending help…"

"Right. I'm going in."

"…Careful…"

Rip didn't bother replying. He tossed the cell on the nav seat and floored the accelerator.

He hit the top of the course and flew past the spectators and the service area and Arrival Time Control, ignoring shouts and waves as people tried to stop him. He hit the course at speed, running the twists and turns through his head and flying over them faster than he'd driven the night before.

But still not fast enough.

As he approached the part of the course where McPherson had gone over, he slowed, shifting down through the gears until the Jeep grumbled into first. He rounded the last corner and jammed on the brakes.

The night was calm, but the sea was high, cold and black beneath a sliver of moon. Rich had managed to keep the Kyou from going completely in the water, otherwise they'd have been done for, Rip realized. Her rear driver's side clung to the rocks, but her front end was submerged almost to the passenger compartment. Rip angled the Jeep so her headlights lit up the area around the wrecked car and left her running. Rich and Joe would need heat, since they were probably soaked. He'd have to work fast; this whole stretch of road would be submerged when the tide reached its peak.

He slipped and scrambled down the slimy rocks until he reached the Kyou. The driver's side window was missing, and Rip could see Rich's head.

"Rich! Joe!"

Rich's hand appeared, then the white blur of his face as he pulled himself toward the window. "Help me. The kid's knocked out, and the water's rising."

"Got it." Rip carefully eased the driver's side door open. "Can you grab him and I'll pull you both out?"

Rich shook his head. "I'll lift him. You grab him and pull him out."

"Right."

Working carefully, they eased Joe out of the car. Rip reached for Rich's hand. "Come on."

"I can't."

"What?"

"The seatbelt's jammed." Rich looked grim. "Take the kid and get out of here before the water gets any higher."

Rip's heart started pounding hard. "No."

"No use all three of us dying," Rich said brutally. "Get him safe, would you?"

"Look, we've still got time. I'll take him up to the Jeep, then I'll come back and we'll get you out."

"Asshole! The road back is already probably covered by the tide!"

"The Jeep can take it. I'm not leaving without you." Without waiting for a reply, Rip picked up Joe and crept back over the rocks. By the time he got to the Jeep, he was shaking with cold and adrenaline. He put Joe inside, rummaged quickly through his toolbox and slammed the door shut, then headed back down the rocks.

Rich greeted his return with curses. Rip could see where his fingers were bloody and torn from trying to rip free of the safety harness.

The water was up to his chest. Rich glared at Rip. "You stupid bastard!"

"I grabbed a utility knife. I'm going to start cutting." The water was impossibly cold, and Rip could feel his fingers going numb as he began to saw at the webbing of the belt. The first strap gave way, and he cautiously reached down toward the one coming up between Rich's legs.

"Look out!" Rich snapped. The Kyou slid a few inches.

Rip froze, breathing hard, battling his urge to scramble back and run. The car seemed to settle again, so he reached down and felt for the edge of the belt.

The water was at Rich's shoulders. He glared at Rip. "You're a fool, you know that?"

Rip laughed breathlessly. "Nobody'd argue with you."

The leg belt was stubborn. It seemed doubled over on itself, and even with Rip's long arms, the water was rising fast enough that it was a stretch for him to reach that far without submerging his head.

"You won, you know."

Rip realized that Rich had forgotten about the disqualification rule for entering a course when another driver was on it. "Yeah. Whupped your ass good, didn't I?"

Rich snorted. "This wasn't a fucking race, it was a fiasco."

Rip laughed softly. "You're telling me." The second belt gave. "Once I get this shoulder strap, you should be able to slip out of the rest of it."

He was greeted by coughing. He looked over to see Rich tilting his head back, trying to keep his face out of the waves. The water was up to his chin.

"Jesus." The waves were beginning to rock the Kyou, and Rip was terrified that she'd slip from her precarious roost and plunge into the deep water before he could cut through the last strap. He started working feverishly at the shoulder belt "Where the fuck's the helicopter?"

"Not coming."

"What? Are you hallucinating or something?"

Rich shook his head, spitting water out of his mouth as a wave swept up. "This wasn't an accident. The Kyou's steering went, but not like it would if the road damaged it. It was there, then it was gone."

Rip swore. "I believe you, but do you have any proof?"

"Yesterday's accident. The route book showed a straightaway instead of a curve. And the seatbelt was cut."

Rip looked at Rich, startled. "What the fuck?"

Rich paused for another wave to pass. "Today, too. The tide chart attached to Joe's route book shows low tide now. Then my seatbelt jams. My crew is supposed to take everything they've got to the police if anything happens to me. Otherwise, we were going to wait until after the race."

Rip cursed. His instincts had been right. "There are cameras all along the special stage routes. They know we're in trouble."

"Don't worry. Hearst is good. It'll be some sort of technical problem with the chopper."

Rich's head submerged under a wave. He shook his hair out of his eyes when he came back up. "Get out of here. Now."

Rip shook his head and swore. The tide was coming in too fast. He yanked at the belt, but it wouldn't give, so he kept sawing at it. Rich was going to drown in just a few minutes if he couldn't get free.

The Kyou made a noise like a sigh and slid off the rocks.

Rip was pulled under with the car, still clinging to the harness as he tried to force the knife through the stubborn threads. His hair swept back as the car sunk deeper; Rich's hair was in his face. Desperately, Rip yanked at the belt.

It gave.

He grabbed Rich's arm and pulled him from the car. Swimming hard, Rip managed to free Rich from the sinking Kyou's undertow. He headed toward the surface.

They broke into air a few yards out from the shore and swam for the rocks, clambering out of the freezing water together.

The road was already covered. They waded to the Jeep, where Rich grimly lifted Joe up until he could slide underneath him and then held him in place on his lap. Rip got into the driver's seat and slammed the door.

"Hang on. I'm backing her out."

The next ten minutes were a nightmare. The Jeep's backup lights only showed water, so Rip had to inch backward, relying on his memory and his instincts to steer him along the tide-washed road. More than once the Jeep shifted and he held his breath, waiting for her to get swept off, but her tires would catch and their slow progress would continue.

A crowd waited for them where the road finally climbed out of the sea. Rip backed up the incline to the head of the course, a crowd escorting him the entire way. Once on level land, he stopped and allowed them to swarm over the Jeep. Medics took Joe off in an ambulance, while others half-carried Rip and Rich to the emergency tent.

Blankets were draped over them and steaming cups of coffee were pushed into their hands. Rip didn't bother listening to anything anyone said, just nodded and tried not to look at Rich's pale, bruised face as Rich told the reporters what had happened in short, clipped sentences liberally interspersed with curses.

In fact, the only thing that Rip couldn't ignore was Rich's intent, unreadable gaze, which fell on him often enough that Rip felt exposed and uneasy. But Rich said nothing, and eventually, they were each taken in separate cars back to their hotel, where Rip crawled into his bed, pulled the covers over his head, and finally succumbed to his exhaustion.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Rip kept the volume of the television turned down, not wanting to disturb Sam. He hadn't been in the room when Rip had arrived in the early hours, but he'd been there when Rip woke up, neatly curled in his bed and sleeping.

He channel-surfed a bit and stopped on a news channel when he noticed a reference to the race. The cameras panned in to show one of the other teams receive the win for the Sun and Moon. The driver and nav looked a bit dazed as they accepted the trophy and winner's pot from Hearst, both of them nearly hidden behind a forest of microphones.

Hearst looked poised and gracious. He shook his head and waved off questions about Rip's and Rich's disqualifications from the race with a deprecating, "You can't win them all, I guess," that made Rip's flesh crawl.

He stopped watching and turned the tv off when they started showing clips of the Jeep backing up out of the water and him and Rich being escorted to the emergency tent. Rich's pale, tense face flickered and disappeared. Rip put down the remote.

After that, he took a shower, put on some clothes and had breakfast brought up to the room, but when it arrived he couldn't stomach it and left the eggs and bacon to congeal, untouched, while he forced down coffee and tried to shake the numbness that kept him from leaving the room and confronting the people he knew were waiting for him.

Racing was over for him, of course. There was no way that Rip would continue in his profession, not with Hearst pulling all of the strings, and if Hearst didn't like it, too bad. Rip would do the condom ads and the fitness machine endorsements until his fifteen minutes of fame faded into obscurity, then he'd probably find a job running a carwash or something, one that didn't require the schooling he'd never received, much less the pride he'd lost when he'd signed the fucking contract.

When the message light started blinking on the phone, he knew it was Hearst even before he picked up the receiver. He listened, then hung up the phone, picked up his jacket and, with a last glance at Sam's sleeping form, softly closed the door behind him.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Rip met Hearst in the hotel manager's office. There was no sign of the manager..

William escorted Rip to a chair in front of the burl wood desk. Hearst sat behind it, his face wreathed in false regret and sympathy, looking as at home in the rich trappings of the manager's office as he had in the stark modern elegance of his own.

"It's unfortunate that you finished so brilliantly, only to lose on a technicality." Hearst sipped a pale green tea that probably cost the equivalent of the Jeep's heavy-duty steel-belted radials, his fingers cupped around the delicate teacup like talons. "But I'll manage things from now on. You won't need to worry about anything."

Rip stared at the cup of identical tea cooling in his own hands. "Fine."

Hearst glanced at him sharply, a thoughtful expression on his face. He put down his tea and motioned, and William stepped forward. "Have the jet prepared, will you? I think we'll fly to the Bahamas this afternoon." He turned back to Rip and smiled. "Have you ever been to Nassau, Rip? It's quite delightful this time of year."

Rip shrugged.

Shaking his head, Hearst stood and circled the desk to stand in front of Rip. He ran his fingers over Rip's hair, as if he were petting a dog. "My dear, beautiful boy. Don't act so tragic. It doesn't become you."

Rip forced himself not to jerk away from Hearst's touch. "Just tell me about whatever you've got planned for me."

Hearst sighed. "So melodramatic. All I have planned for you is rest and relaxation. Bright sun, warm sand, a tropical breeze. Cool nights spent under the stars. There now, that doesn't sound so bad, does it?"

"I told you before, I don't put out."

"I rather think you might, given the proper motivation." Hearst cupped Rip's cheek. "Come in, Sterling."

Rip whirled in his seat as Rich entered the room. "Rich—!"

"Shut up."

William closed the door.

"Now, now." Hearst's hand slipped to Rip's shoulder, caressing him even as he held him in his chair. "I'm so glad you could join Rip and me, Sterling," he continued, smiling. "We have plans later this afternoon, and I didn't want to miss you."

Rich snorted. "He's a stupid asshole. You'll be bored in a week."

"Bored with Rip? I doubt it. He's so responsive, isn't he?" Hearst's hand wandered into Rip's hair. "Such pretty hair. And from what I've observed, his body is quite attractive as well."

Rip clenched his teacup. "Get the fuck out of here, Rich."

"I said shut up." Rich glared at Hearst. "I turned everything over to the police."

"The police?" Hearst's eyes widened. "My dear boy, what are you talking about?"

"They might not link it back to you, but then again, they might." Rich looked at William. "Close to you, anyway."

"I'm afraid that I still don't know what you're talking about, Sterling."

"The attempts on my life. That goddamned clause in my idiot father's will. Kyou Motors. Any of that ring a bell?"

"Hmm. Of course I'm familiar with the terms of your father's will. Didn't it say something like, 'I bequeath my shares in Kyou Motors to my son, Sterling Pound Rich, in the hopes that at some point he might get a life, or at least learn to laugh. If the damned stubborn fool breaks his neck before then and has no issue or heir, the shares shall go to Patrick Benedict Hearst.' Or similar words, I forget the specifics."

"Cut the shit. That's what the idiot wrote. You lost. I'm still alive."

"And I'm delighted by the fact!" Hearst leaned over Rip possessively. "I have Rip, after all."

"That's nothing to do with me."

"Hmm. Somehow, Sterling, I get the feeling you're bluffing."

Rich looked at Rip with disgust. "As if I would. Van Etten's an idiot and too stupid to live. But fuck it." He pulled out his Colt. "As long as I'm here, tear up his fucking contract or I'll shoot your balls off, asshole."

"Jesus fuck, Rich!" Rip stared in horror.

The door opened and Sam poked his head in the office. "Ah haha! Oh dear! I seem to have interrupted something."

Rip stared. "Sam?"

Sam stepped into the room. "Hello, everyone. I'm sorry to interrupt. I'm Samuel Hastings. I'm afraid that Rip is late for an interview. The hotel manager told me he was here. I've come to collect him."

"What the fuck are you doing here?"

"I left a note for you to wake me up." Sam sighed. "Really, Rip. Imagine how I felt when I realized you'd already gone and left me to oversleep." He glanced over at Rich. "By the way, I don't believe there's any need for weapons. Canada is a peaceful country. I'm sure they'd prefer it we left it that way."

"This fuck tried to kill me."

"Oh, I'm well aware of that. I believe I have a solution to that problem, however." He smiled serenely. "Mr. Hearst, I've prepared some reading materials for you. I believe your lawyers may have already perused them, if you'd like to give them a call."

Hearst's eyebrows rose. "Indeed. William?"

"Yes, sir."

"Get Bernie on the phone, would you, please?"

"Of course, sir."

Sam continued to smile. "My attorneys have been advised to release those reading materials to interested parties if anything should happen to me, Rip, Mr. Rich, Joe, or any of our associates. It may be in your best interests to make sure that we live long and happy lives, Mr. Hearst."

"Hmm? Of course, I have nothing but the deepest hope that all of you live long and happy lives. If you'll excuse me." Hearst took the cell William handed to him. "Ah, Bernie. Really? You don't say. Well, well. No, no, your advice is sound. Say hello to Linda for me, will you? I'll be around next week if you're up for a round or two of golf. Ha ha ha! I'll have to ask for a handicap, then. Talk to you soon." He flipped the cell shut and beamed. "My attorney advises me that your reading materials are quite riveting."

Sam beamed back. "I believe they could be Pulitzer material, myself."

"Ah, ah, ah." Hearst wagged a finger at him. "Pride goes before a fall, they say. I might have a story or two of my own that could win an award."

Rich looked at Hearst with contempt. "Stuff your story. I don't give a fuck if you tell the world I fuck midgets."

To hell with it. I don't need to race cars if it means living a lie. Rip took a deep breath. "You can out me, too. I'm not giving in."

Sam rubbed the back of his head. "Ah ha ha! I believe the phrase went something like, 'Tear up van Etten's fucking contract.' Of course, my version doesn't include threats against your virility." He beamed some more at Hearst.

Rip just stared. It was like watching some face-off on a nature program: the sleek catamount standing firm over his territory; a hawk, maybe, or a vulture, hovering, waiting to feed.

Hearst backed down.

"Well, well. My hat's off to you, Sterling. You certainly seem to have surrounded yourself with loyal pets." Hearst sighed. "It appears I'll have to take my battle to the boardroom after all."

"Don't bother," Sam said cheerfully. "I seem to have acquired a fair number of shares of Kyou Motors stock when I dabbled in investments recently. Current management has made them quite lucrative. I believe I'll hold on to them for a while."

"Loyal pets indeed." Hearst patted Rip's shoulder. "I'm so very sorry, my dear boy. I'm afraid I can't take you to Nassau as I promised." He leaned against the desk and waved. "Bye, bye."

Rip couldn't get out of the room fast enough. Sam held the door for him and Rich, then followed them and closed it behind him. "By the way, I wasn't joking. I really am quite upset with you, Rip."

Rip felt like he needed another shower to get rid of the feeling of Hearst's touches. "Sorry. I didn't see any note."

"Actually, I didn't leave one. You used up the shampoo."

Rip snorted. "Asshole. How the hell did you know where to find me?"

"You didn't bother to erase your phone message."

"Oh."

They reached the lobby, and Rip could smell toast and bacon from the dining room. His stomach growled. He looked around and noticed a few people pointing and staring. "I could use something to eat, somewhere private."

"I've got quite a few phone calls to make, plus a deadline to meet. I was hoping to have our room to myself for a little while." The tone of Sam's voice implied that Rip had better not disagree.

"Uh. Okay." Rip scratched the back of his head.

Rich sighed. "Come to my room. You can have them send something up to you."

Sam beamed at them like he'd beamed at Hearst, which made Rip feel like an idiot. "That's very kind of you, Mr. Rich. I'll see you later, Rip." He headed for the elevators.

Rich headed for the opposite side of the lobby. "I need a smoke."

"They don't allow smoking in the hotel."

Rich looked at Rip as if he thought Rip was stupid, which he probably did. "I'm going outside."

Rip sighed. "Sorry. I'm still pretty freaked."

"Why the fuck did you sign the damned contract in the first place?"

"A whole bunch of reasons, all of them shitty." They went outside and headed toward the benches overlooking the ocean. "The guy scares the piss out of me."

"Why do you think I carry a Colt?"

Rip snorted. He sat on the nearest bench and took out his cigarettes.

Rich did the same. They smoked in silence.

The ocean was gorgeous this morning, choppy in the cold breeze. There were only a few other people around them, all wearing scarves and heavy jackets. Rip finished his cigarette, then blew on his fingers and rubbed his hands together to warm them.

"Why would your dad leave the shares to Hearst if you died?"

Rich ground out his cigarette. "Hearst was brilliant at managing Kyou, but his ethics sucked. Dad thought leaving the shares to me would keep me involved in the business, since I didn't want Kyou to be dragged into anything shady. He told me Hearst would probably come after me."

"Jesus! Rich!"

Rich shrugged. "He figured I could handle it. He thought Hearst was funny."

"Funny like death, maybe."

"I told you dad had a shit sense of humor." Rich took out his pack of cigarettes and tapped another one out. "By the way, asshole. Joe's fine. He says you never called." He lit it and took a deep drag. "You're a pretty shitty friend, aren't you?"

Guilt swept over Rip. "Oh, fuck. I forgot."

"Yeah, well, that's what he thought. You'd better make it up to him, or I'm keeping him as my nav."

"He's probably better off with you, anyway." Rip tried to keep his voice casual. "I'm thinking that maybe it's time to retire."

Rich glanced at him sharply. "And do what?"

Rip shrugged. "Hell if I know."

"Then why the fuck retire?"

"Maybe because I'm gay and I'm driving pro rally?"

"Asshole. Fuck 'em. If you want to drive, drive. If you want to quit, quit."

Was it really as simple as that? Probably not, but it sounded good. "You think an out gay guy can drive this circuit?"

"Won't know until one does, will we?"

"Yeah. I guess not." Was he up for it? Did he really want to let the world know that he was gay? Rip looked at Rich from the corner of his eye. It felt good to be with him again. Could it go back to the way it was? Would Rich stick around if Rip outed himself?

Won't know until one does, will we?

Rich blew out a plume of smoke. He looked so fucking sexy that Rip didn't stop to think, he just pulled the cigarette from Rich's mouth, dropped it to the ground and pulled him close.

The kiss was definitely worth the black eye.

The sex once they got back to Rich's suite was even better.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

~Epilogue~

"What defines a champion? Winning the race? Or is he defined by the choices made which led to his loss?"
Samuel Hastings, transcripted excerpt from paparazzi video of the post-Sun and Moon Blind Rally reception (Hastings, Rich, and van Etten all clearly drunk), December XXXX

"Cut the f***king bulls***, a**hole!"
Sterling Rich to Samuel Hastings, ibid.

The windows of the study were wide open. The scent of damp earth and pine trees filled the room, though Rich looked oblivious to it. Working on new specs again. Fuck it. It was a gorgeous day, and Rich needed to get off his ass, anyway.

"Hey. Jerk. Happy anniversary." Rip didn't bother to hide his grin as he presented his bouquet to Rich.

Rich looked royally pissed. "What the fuck?"

"We met one year ago today and fucked the same night. I figured a rose or two wasn't gonna hurt you. You still owe me a bigger back seat in your damned Kyou, by the way. It'd be a nice anniversary present. Oh, and here." He threw a package on the drafting table. "Sam says we should open it."

"Get those fucking flowers away from me. I'm allergic."

"You're blushing."

Rich reached into a drawer, pulled out his Colt and aimed it at Rip. "It's loaded."

Rip sighed and tossed the roses on a recliner. "You're such a bastard. Fine. At least open Sam's package."

Rich glared at the roses a moment longer before he laid the Colt on the drafting table and ripped open the package. He pulled out a thick stack of papers. "What's this?"

Rip leaned over his shoulder. "Looks like the galleys for his book."

"Sun and Moon: A Race Not Meant to be Won. Where does he come up with that crap?"

"When he called from Istanbul last week, he said we were supposed to read the dedication." Rip watched as Rich paged through the manuscript. "There!"

Rich shoved the pages at him. "You read it if you're so fucking interested." He turned back to his specs, absently moving the Colt atop a pile of papers to hold them down as a cool breeze came through the window.

Rip took the pages and leaned against Rich's chair.

A year. It didn't seem possible.

"He's dedicated the book to you and me and pro rallying. Oh, and Sam thinks you're a dragon and I'm a phoenix."

Rich groaned. "He's such a fucking bullshitter."

Rip shifted, his jeans uncomfortably tight. "I don't know. It's kind of a turn on."

"What?" Rich pushed his reading glasses to the top of his head and stared at Rip.

"I'm not nuts! Sam told me—" Rip shut up. Rich wouldn't understand, and he'd probably get shot.

Rich stood, his hand lying on top of the Colt. "What did that asshole tell you?"

Rip put the manuscript on an end table and started backing toward the door. "You know."

"I don't know." Rich's hand closed around the grip.

"About dragons. And phoenixes. Shit like that."

"Cut the crap and get to the point."

"Uh, dragons are rich guys and phoenixes are new wave chi—uh, guys, and sometimes they get it on."

"Good fucking God. And you believed that shit?"

Rip shrugged. "It's kind of sexy, thinking about it."

Rich picked up the gun and started toward Rip. Rip backed away a little faster.

"Look, Rich, it's not like I'm thinking 'dragon dick' when you're doing me or anything!" Rip missed the doorway and bumped into the wall. Rich crowded him, jamming the barrel of the gun under his chin "Oh, shit."

"It sounds like you need some sense fucked into you." Rich's voice was soft and deadly, and Rip wondered if his jeans could stand up to the pressure his cock was putting on them.

"Maybe. Yeah. Okay."

Rich leaned closer. "Drop your jeans and face the wall."

Rip made a needy sound that he really should have been embarrassed about, but he dropped his jeans and turned around and that made it all right. Rich's hands grabbed his hipbones. "Put your hands on the wall."

Rip did, licking dry lips. The hands pulled his hips back, until his arms took most of his weight. He felt fingers ghost over his ass, the weight of the gun cool against his skin; then it disappeared and there was the sound of something heavy hitting the floor just before his ass cheeks were spread and something warm and wet moved over his asshole. He made another needy sound as Rich started to fuck him with his tongue.

He was nearly incoherent with pleasure by the time Rich eased his cock inside. Rip stumbled forward far enough to brace his head against the wall and bit his lower lip to keep from crying out, it felt so fucking good.

Once Rich was fully seated, he began a slow, steady thrusting, with an evil little grind at the end that lifted Rip up to his toes. Rich's hands dug deep into his hipbones as he pulled Rip's ass back to meet his strokes, the momentum building until Rip wasn't sure if his legs were going to hold out much longer. Rich seemed to sense it, because he paused and pulled out, then shoved Rip over the arm of a recliner and slid straight back in, barely breaking rhythm. With the chair for support, Rip spread his legs and felt Rich slide deeper, hitting his prostate.

"Oh, fuck." Rip's balls began to prickle with the first stirrings of his oncoming orgasm.

"Don't touch yourself."

Rip obeyed, riding the waves of stimulation higher. "I'm gonna come!"

Rich pounded harder. "You come when I tell you to come."

"Then start tellin' me pretty damned soon, bastard!"

The thrusts became a constant pounding against his prostate.

"Now!" Rich ordered. Rip moaned and came, semen pulsing from him with every push of Rich's cock against his prostate. Rich's fingers tightened on Rip's hips and he plunged in one last time, draped over Rip's back and pressed against him as if he were trying to crawl into Rip's skin. Then his legs gave out, and he collapsed on top of Rip.

"So good," Rip whispered. "Fuck. It just keeps getting better."

"Shut up."

But Rip felt the gentle press of lips against the nape of his neck, and smiled.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

A stray breeze lifted the pages of the manuscript and one drifted to the floor.

Where is the line between objectivity and being a fan? I cross it one way or the other daily, and can only hope to do as little damage as possible in the process. As writer, fan and friend, however, I dedicate this book to the sport of pro rallying, and to Sterling Rich and Rip van Etten, the dragon and the phoenix of stage rally racing in America, and the empire of legend that they've built for us all.

Samuel Hastings, June XXXX