The Election
by FunKelly 

The Election. Part 23

The first thing I noticed as I entered the main office, were my clothes. They were neatly folded on the counter. I handed Miss Sanchez the petition and quickly started to put them on. She was able to see I was noticeably shaken, and said, "Amber! Don't tell me you let those 'Prepubescent Boys' get to you". "I don't know if they're 'Prepubescent', but they knew the exact questions to ask, in order to humiliate me!", I responded, as I pulled my burgundy panties over my sneakers and up, revealing some camel toe, but finally providing cover for my exposed pussy. I was reaching for my bra when the three boys walked into the main office. "Excuse me miss. We don't feel comfortable telling our teacher you are a nudist, if you're really not", said the main interrogator of the teenage trio.

Standing there in just my panties and sneakers, I was helpless as Carla picked up my clothes, and said, "Boys. Amber is not a 'Nudist' per say, but she has no problem with public nudity. Why don't you three escort her back to the auditorium, so she can answer your teachers question for herself", as she winked at me. I told Carla and the boys I had to prepare for an assignment for my journalism class and declined Carla's offer to the boys, hoping she would return my clothes. I couldn't bear any more humiliation which I knew would come with the additional interrogation, that was sure to take place on our way back to the auditorium. I couldn't answer the question "Why are you naked?", because I did not know the answer. If I couldn't answer it for myself, I couldn't answer it for the three boys or their teacher.

I asked Carla for my clothes back, when she replied, "Amber. I just want to make sure we got all of the coffee stains out of these", holding a firm grip on my shorts, T-shirt and bra. "I'll have them brought up to your dorm room", she said, as Miss Sanchez disappeared behind her office door with the petition. I was pleading with my eyes for Carla to return the items, when one of the boys asked, "Shouldn't you check her underpants for coffee stains too?" Carla replied, "No. The coffee didn't spill on Amber's panties. In fact, she was wearing them when she left this office earlier". I dreaded the inevitable question that was about to follow. "If you had your underwear on earlier, how come you were naked when we met you?", the interrogator of the inquisitive trio asked.

Carla said, "Have fun you guys", as she walked away with my clothes, leaving me there with the three nosey bodies. "Well guys, like I said. I have an assignment to prepare for so you three head back to the auditorium", as I walked out the front door on my way back to my dorm room. Needless to say, the three boys stopped me and started asking more questions. "What should we tell our teacher?" "Why do you take your clothes off in front of people?" "What happened to your underwear earlier?" "ENOUGH!" I snapped. "Listen! I'm not a nudist. There were a few unfortunate incidences that led to my public nudity earlier. That's It! That's All. Now go back to your class", I said, completely exasperated with the three teenage boys and their questions.

Just then I noticed all three boys were staring at my tits. "What are you looking at?" I barked. The three boys started laughing when one of them said, "Your boobies jiggle when you're mad". A look of horror must have come over my face as I covered my tits with my hands, having once again been reduced to an object of ridicule and shame by the three teenage boys. My blood started to boil, and my first instinct was to grab the back of their little heads and pull them right into my bare chest, giving them a real taste of my jiggling boobies, as the one boy had put it. I knew that would only get 'The Academy' in trouble and land my ass in jail, so I did the next best thing.

I peeled off my panties, let them get a good look at my naked body, then looked at them with a straight face, and said, "I'm sorry boys but I lied to you. I am a nudist. Now go back to your class". I thought this was the only way to end my torment. I was wrong. The boy who had told me his parents were nudists, said, "I thought so. When my parents heard the girl giving the 'Open House' tours tomorrow would be naked, they decided to come meet you. My dad said you must be a nudist if you're giving tours to all those strangers in the nude, so he and my mom will be here tomorrow afternoon. Maybe you can go on vacation with us", he added. With absolutely nothing left to say, I just mumbled, "Maybe", and walked away completely naked and disgraced, holding my panties in my hand.

I made it back to my dorm room without incident. I closed the door behind me and fell on my bed, not knowing whether to cry or masturbate, so I did both. I worked myself to a massive orgasm thinking of the impression I must have left on the freshman boys, not to mention the landscaping crew. I dried my eyes as I was trying to come to terms with my recent behavior. "Was I a 'Closet Exhibitionist' who now had the opportunity to explore her hidden fantasies, or worse yet, was I unknowingly becoming a 'Slut'?", I asked myself over and over. As I was contemplating my conduct and recent exploits, I heard a knock at the door. I threw on a robe and slowly answered the door to find Carla standing there with my clothes.

She burst into my room, and said, "You are so lucky, Amber! It must have been awesome teasing your little teenage audience! You can't tell me you didn't love the feeling of empowerment you must have had while entertaining your young friends", as she placed my clothes on my bed. "If she only knew how the three boys managed to make me feel ashamed and humiliated", I thought to myself. 10% empowerment. 90% shame and humiliation. "Did they ask you why you shaved your pussy?", she asked in anticipation. "NO!", I replied. "Well, you know they're going to jerk off while they're thinking about you", she continued. "Good thing they weren't allowed to bring their cell phones to 'The Academy'. Otherwise, the entire high school would be looking at your naked ass by dinner time", she said, as she chuckled.

I couldn't deny Carla's comments about my recent encounter with the young male high school students had me feeling aroused yet ashamed, at the same time. My thoughts were filled with the memories of their expressions, as they surveyed my naked body and how sexually aroused, I was at the time. I had been so turned on as I allowed the boys to see every inch of my naked form, but I also had a constant sense of impropriety throughout the experience. For whatever reason, being naked in front of the young teenagers brought a larger sense euphoria over me than when I was exposed in front of my fellow students, faculty members, those passing me at 'The Academy' entrance or the crew of landscape workers.

Maybe because they were minors, and the circumstances were so Taboo. I honestly didn't know. It certainly wasn't due to some feeling of empowerment I had over the young teenagers, since they reduced me to a blubbering naked mess on two separate occasions. All I know was that even when they were humiliating me into submission with their questions, I became soaking wet between my legs. I was realizing how I had actually been sexually stimulated by their degradation of me. As these thoughts were consuming me, Cara asked, "Did masturbate when you got back Amber?" Before I could respond, she continued. "I bet you did. I know I would have. The idea of those young eyes soaking in every inch of your naked body, especially your bald pussy, gets me wet. I can't imagine how turned on you must have been". It was like she was reading my mind.


The Election. Part 24

I didn't reply to Carla's questions, afraid I may disclose how turned on I had been by the depravity of the experience I had with the three teenage boys. I may have been looking for an escape from the indignity of the encounter at the time, but I knew deep down I would do it again, at least in my fantasies. Having the three young fully clothed teenage boys reduce my self-esteem to its lowest level possible, as I was trapped in my state of total nakedness in front of them, brought me to a height of sexual arousal I had never experienced before.

I started to become concerned about the fact that three fourteen-year-old freshman boys from a local high school were able to bring me to such a high level of titillation, simply by embarrassing me with their questions. "What was it about the shame and humiliation thrust on me by the boys' inquiries while I was so naked and exposed, that intensified my libido. WHAT?", I asked myself. I should have detested the experience, but I didn't. I loved it! My silent soul searching was interrupted when Carla asked, "Cat got your tongue Amber?", as she walked up to me. "No. I'm just thinking about my assignment", I replied. "Sure, you are", she said, as she slipped her hand into my robe and ran it across my pussy and abdomen.

"What are you doing?", I asked, looking like a deer in the headlights. She casually replied, "You're all sticky. I knew you must have masturbated when you got back. There's just something about 'The Forbidden' isn't there? Why do you think I pose nude for the high school art classes?" "You do?", I asked. "Sure do. There's something about being totally naked if front of the all-male teenage class that turns me on. In fact, I don't use a robe during the breaks", she nonchalantly replied. "You don't?", I asked. "Nope. Gary, the instructor is a friend of mine, and we have an arrangement. I pose nude for free, and in exchange I get to spend the entire class in the nude. He knows I get turned on interacting with the boys while totally naked, and the boys sure don't seem to mind", she said, as she sat on my bed.

"So, Amber. Tell the truth. Did you get turned on showing your bald pussy and perky little tits to all of those young boys?" "I felt so ashamed and humiliated", I replied. "That's not what I asked", Carla continued. "Were you turned on by the experience or not?", she asked again. The expression on my face would not allow me to deny my sexual arousal, even if I had verbally replied, "No", so I just hung my head in shame, and muttered the word, "Yes". I then told Carla, I had told the three boys at the office that I was a nudist, in a failed attempt to lessen my shame. "PERFECT!", she declared. "What's perfect?", I asked, afraid of the answer Carla may give.

"The theatre class is over Amber, but Mr. Davis is still in the auditorium with the students. Let's go parade your naked ass in front of them before they leave", Carla excitedly said. As I said earlier, as much as I wanted to escape the indignity of being completely naked in front of the freshman high school boys, I wanted to experience the shame, humiliation and vulnerability one more time. I remained silent, knowing Carla would take the lead and have me in the presence of the boys in no time. She ripped off my robe as I played coy and protested, but not enough to keep her from her mission to have me totally exposed in front of the freshman class of fourteen-year-old boys.

"Oh, stop Amber. You know you want those dozens of impressionable young eyes to see you naked again. Telling them you are a nudist was brilliant. Now we don't need to explain why you're still naked", as she took my hand and led me down the dorm room building stairs and on to the auditorium without even as much as my sneakers for cover. The grass below my feet was a reminder of how utterly exposed I really was. We entered the auditorium and Carla held her grip on my hand until I was right in front of Mr. Davis and the boys. Mr. Davis again stared at my bald pussy, making me feel even more ashamed than before, since this time I was exposing my naked body to the boys on purpose.

Carla announced, "Boys. I need to talk with Mr. Davis for a moment. As I'm sure you are all aware by now, Amber is a nudist. Feel free to ask her any questions you may have concerning nudism and the nudist lifestyle", as she escorted Mr. Davis to the end of the stage. In that split second, Carla had set me up to be utterly humiliated by the boys and their questions. After all, I wasn't a nudist so how was I supposed to answer their questions on the subject. As it turned out, they fired their questions so fast, I didn't have time to answer them. "What's it like to be naked when no one else is? Do you get embarrassed?" "Why do you shave your vagina?" "Can you go shopping naked if you're a nudist?" "Do you wear clothes when it's cold out?" "Will we see you naked in town?"

The boys' questions kept coming as I noticed Mr. Davis and Carla were enjoying watching me in my predicament, based on the smiles plastered across their faces. I tried to appear confident as I stood there naked, but emotionally I was once again reduced to a blubbering naked mess. Although I was tempted to run away in shame, I was soaked between my legs as the boys kept firing their questions at me. I couldn't understand why the shame and humiliation was getting me so sexually aroused, but I was unable to deny the overwhelming sense of vulnerability had me wanting the encounter to continue.

Mr. Davis and Carla unknowingly granted me my depraved desire as they had the boys' two teachers join them. All four of the adults headed up the ramp towards the exit doors, leaving me stranded there, totally naked with the dozens of ogling young teenage boys, completely soaked between my legs and trying to come up with answers to their questions. Carla called down, saying, "Amber. Why don't you show the boys around while we discuss their rolls in the upcoming production, as she, Mr. Davis and the two teachers all walked out the exit doors.

All of my instincts along with every fiber of my being were telling me to join Carla and the others, but I was unable to pry myself away from the staring eyes of the fully clothed boys. Instead of covering my tits and pussy with my hands in shame as I should have, I put them on my hips allowing the boys to see every inch of my naked physique. I was so horny I was afraid I might have an orgasm right there in front of the entire all boy freshman class. I was trying to take my mind off the exorbitant amount of titillation I was experiencing when one of the boys said, "You never answered my question. How come you shave your pussy?" "You watch your mouth young man!", I barked. He simply replied, "Oh, I'm sorry. I meant your vagina". "Yeah. And why are your nipples sticking out farther that they were before?", another boy called out.

I fell apart emotionally and covered my pussy in shame, as the boys all started laughing at me. Between the boys' laughter and the fact that my hands were already shielding my pussy, the moan I let out as I gritted my teeth, and the massive orgasm I had right there in front of them, went unnoticed. An irrepressible sense of shame came over me as the boys continued laughing at me while I struggled not to fall over as my legs became wobbly. "What sort of warped person has an orgasm while she is totally naked in public? An orgasm that was brought on by public humiliation, right in front of dozens of ninth grade male students?", I thought, as I was now feeling thoroughly ashamed of myself, and the woman I had become. I tried to pull myself together, but I felt my own juices slipping through my fingers that were covering my pussy and was worried the boys might notice.



