Do you have a name? Midnight asked the wisp of shadow coming with him as he flew from the palace intending to move across the OZ.

none left to give in introduction, as my lady has not yet named me or given full form. but i am sure she will when she thinks of it.

Oh. I think I like Shadow for you. Goes with Midnight, really, Midnight said with a nod and smile. And you talk funny. Maybe we can find our Princess and she can fix it so you don't talk funny.

this is as i have been before, half thoughts unspoken in your mind...

That's not good. It should be proper speech. How else will things get explained well? the mobat added with a chuckle. He stopped when he caught erratic movement out of the corner of his eye. What's that? Humans don't move like that.

the girl is ridden by shadow, i can speak with it.

Before Midnight could protest, the shadow fairy slipped down from the sky and glided toward the human that was walking on broken ankles toward the palace. It had been a girl once, painfully thin, probably half starved. It looked as though she had been walking for the past week or two nonstop, and other humans were shying away from the girl. Midnight wanted to swoop down to see what was going on, but the Princess had ordered him to stick to the skies for safety. The Sorceress had mobats before and no one had liked her. The Princess hadn't wanted Midnight to be hurt if the other humans did something silly like try to shoot at him.

The shadow fairy slithered down to the girl as she lurched toward the palace. It froze in place as the girl's black eyes swept over it. one of the Shadow Brigade here, it asked in shock.

The girl's mouth opened, and the shadow could see that she had died sometime in the past day. I seek the Unseelie court. I know it lies in this city, I know it lies close.

but to ride a mortal girl to death is punishable, the shadow fairy began.

The shadow riding the dead girl's corpse laughed, a horrible sound in the darkness. Nati is not here to condemn or punish. And she would have died of starvation without my intervention. It isn't my fault it took this long to find the location of the Unseelie Court. They do not use the proper speech often enough.

As this was being said, a dark figure glided down from one of the palace towers. The shadow fairy had known that there was something new and unsettling within the castle walls, and Midnight had gone on about a new mobat to fly with. The fairy hadn't realized that they were one and the same.

The dead girl froze in place as the new mobat shifted into a vaguely humanoid shape in front of it. Oh, you are an interesting one, aren't you? it asked, black eyes glittering strangely in the weak starlight.

The shadow fairy was startled, and hopped backward. my lord, i was not aware of your presence...

The creature laughed, a sound like ends of broken concrete rubbing against each other. Of course not. I did not wish it so. The children of my realm are such wild, reckless creatures. It reached out and grasped the dead girl by the throat, lifting her up. The limbs flopped about like a rag doll's, and then the body slid down to the ground. The shadow that had been riding the corpse was left behind in the creature's grasp, flailing and grasping at its hand. I do not like having to chastise my thoughtless creatures, but I must do it on occasion.

my lord? the shadow fairy asked, concerned.

Fly with my friend, the humanoid creature replied. I will take care of this one and summon Nati. I suppose he should keep tighter control over Brigade members here. I don't like it when they're messy enough to be caught. As the shadow fairy fled back to Midnight's side, the creature snapped his fingers, breaking the shadow into two pieces. Each piece then dissipated into smoke.

The creature shifted back into a mobat's shape and flew back up to the tower it had descended from. It had been watching over the Princess Azkadellia. It found her fascinating, and couldn't wait to see how the current mortal politics would play out. It had been bored for so long, it had no intention of having its fun thwarted by clumsy shadows alerting the dull populace to the magics that lay dormant in the shadows of the city.
***
Azkadellia frowned at Della, who was changing the sheets on the bed. "I could summon a servant to do that. Or use magic."

"I don't trust the servants here," he said, pulling the last sheet into place. He turned and picked up the comforters. "And that's just a waste of your magic. You should save it and rest up."

"You're kidding, right?" she asked, throwing up her hands. "You treat me like an invalid. This is getting sickening."

"Delia..." he began in a placating tone.

"No, I understand. Really, I do. But you treat me like I'm made of spun glass, and I promise you I won't break if you touch me."

Della dropped the comforters in a messy pile on her bed and went to where she was sitting at her vanity table. She scooted over a fraction so that he could sit beside her. He took up one of her hands in his. "We almost lost you that day. You shouldn't have tried to save me like that."

"I'd do it again in an instant," Azkadellia replied, looking at him with large eyes. She brought his hand up to her lips and kissed his knuckles. "I would never want you to go through that."

He cupped her face with his other hand. "And I would've rather she attacked me than you. So I guess we're even," he said with a wry smile.

Azkadellia leaned forward and kissed his lips. It was gentle at first, then she opened her mouth and deepened the kiss. She let go of his hand to wrap her arms around his shoulders. She sighed contentedly when his hands came to rest around her waist and his tongue slid into her mouth. "I won't break," she murmured against his mouth. "I promise you I won't."

Della ran his hands along her back. He almost missed her corsets, but was glad that she hadn't yet returned to wearing them. He could feel the curve of her ribs through the fabric of her dress, could feel the bumps of her spine. She was almost too thin, but was regaining the lost weight and muscle. He supposed she was stronger than he and Callan supposed, but he couldn't help but feel protective of her. In his nightmares, her blood still pooled beneath her and DG never made it to her side on time.

Callan returned with a basket from the kitchens and put it down on her desk. "Hm... Looks like a party. Mind if I join?" he asked, coming close enough to rest his hand on her shoulder.

Azkadellia broke her kiss with Della long enough to turn and smile at him. "I'd be angry if you didn't, Benji."

Callan grasped her about her waist and pulled her from Della's grasp. He swung her about in a circle, grinning when she squealed and laughed. "I see fresh sheets. I say we break them in," he murmured, leaning down to kiss Azkadellia's neck. "I am assuming that's the point of your attacking Della like that? Hm?"

"You're just as bad as he is, not letting me do anything," Azkadellia said, gasping when he ran a hand along her breasts.

Della stood up and tugged on the laces to her dress. "Well, we do have reason," he told her in a rumbling voice. "Is the door locked?"

"Of course. Bolted in three places as usual," Callan replied, pushing the dress down from Azkadellia's shoulders. "And no one followed me from the kitchens, or even looked at me while down there. They're used to me by now."

Whatever Azkadellia might have said in response was swallowed up by Della kissing her on the mouth. Callan grasped her bare breasts in his hands as her dress fell to her feet. Della's hands moved down her sides to rest on the curve of her hips, just over her panties. "Bed," she gasped when the kiss broke so they could breathe. "I can walk the six feet without a walking stick," she insisted when Della would have moved to get them.

While Della would have preferred she use a walking stick or let one of them carry her, he understood that stubborn tilt to her jaw. She had her sense of pride, and she was getting stronger. Azkadellia walked forward, though the final steps were by sheer force of will. Tired, she sprawled across the silk sheets. Callan and Della settled on either side of her, their arms cradling her. Della moved to kiss her mouth, one hand snaking down to slip beneath the edge of her panties. Callan bent down to take a breast into his mouth, one hand moving beneath the edge of her panties as well. She arched into their touch, and it didn't matter whose fingers were where. There was one against her clit and one inside of her and she could barely breathe. It felt better than she remembered. She held onto them, an arm around each set of shoulders, her fingers digging in hard as she gasped for breath. Della's tongue was in her mouth and Callan's was stroking her nipple and she was slick and wet beneath their fingers.

She came, cry swallowed beneath Della's mouth, her body clenching down hard around the fingers inside of her. The fingers at her clit didn't stop its stroking rhythm, and Azkadellia could only moan in response. Her entire body shivered, her head falling back as she tried to gasp for breath between moans of pleasure. Della kissed his way down the side of her neck, until he was at her bared breast. He took it into his mouth as well, head bumping into Callan's. Callan shifted, moving up to nibble on Azkadellia's earlobe. "Waiting for us, were you?" he asked, breath hot against her ear. "Ready all this time for us. Do you want us inside you, Delia?" he asked, tongue flicking out to trace the edge of her earlobe. She gave a wordless moan in reply. "Hm... Sounds lovely, Delia," he murmured as she came again with a groan, body tightening.

They moved their hands to drag down her soaked panties and Della moved to place his mouth at her swollen clit. She cried out as he began to suck on it, and Callan shifted position so that he was supporting her body on the bed. He kissed her shoulders and his hands teased her nipples relentlessly. She came with a startled cry, Della's tongue moving along her wet slit.

"You first," Callan murmured to Della, his lips at Azkadellia's shoulder. "I think it'll be a bit much for the both of us at once."

Della nodded and stripped off his clothing. He gave a soft sigh as he slid inside of Azkadellia, his hands at her hips to hold them steady. He moved slowly at first, sliding in and out of her, not quite ready to move quickly. But she reached out with one hand to grasp at his arm and pull him closer. The other was curled around Callan's shoulder, fingertips digging in tightly as she writhed beneath them. Della took it as permission to move faster and deeper inside of her, and Azkadellia gave a delicious moan of pleasure in response. It had been much too long since he'd been with her, and Della spilled inside her sooner than he would've liked. Callan switched places, and Azkadellia gasped as he slammed into her. Della held onto her, mouth slanted over hers. Between the two of them, she was almost overwhelmed by the pleasurable sensations. She came again, clenching down tightly around Callan's cock, and he sputtered as he came soon after.

Azkadellia laughed once she was able to catch her breath. "See? I'm fine." She stretched out, feeling wonderfully tired.

"Sorry, Della," Callan said after a moment with a laugh. "We got the clean sheets all messy. You'll have to change them again."

Della swatted Callan's arm. "Your turn to play domestic, man."

"Nah," Callan returned, brushing his arm aside. "You'll just lay in the wet spot."

"Shut it, you two," Azkadellia said sternly, though her smile belied her tone. It felt good to hold them like this, to have their banter lighthearted and not tinged with worry that something terrible was about to happen to her. She supposed it was just that she had been so long asleep that they were afraid she would succumb again.

She waited until they were both asleep before pushing herself up to a sitting position. It was exhausting to walk back to the vanity table, but she pushed herself to do it. Shaking, she picked up her discarded dress and put it on as best as she could. She tied the laces loosely around herself and tried to gauge the distance from the vanity table to the balcony. It was possibly too far for her at the moment. I know you're there. Were you watching the whole time, then? she asked, looking at the open balcony doors.

Midnight's mobat companion hopped into the room. Not the entire time, but I saw enough, he replied in an amused tone. They are quite devoted to you. It's a rarity in these troubled times.

Azkadellia nodded. Could you come here? I don't think I could walk that distance without collapsing. She nodded her thanks when he came closer, lighting onto the table next to her. Are you one of the Belen Tasilth? She ignored the stirrings of the Practitioners and looked at the creature with a curious expression.

The mobat laughed openly. Brave thing, aren't you?

Curious, Azkadellia corrected. You haven't talked much about yourself at all. Or even given a name.

I have no need of one, the mobat replied, clearly amused.

And you still haven't answered my question.

Does it matter? the creature replied, lofting an eyebrow in a curiously human expression.

Are you afraid of telling me? Azkadellia asked, leaning closer.

The creature laughed openly again, then reached out and petted Azkadellia's cheek. Her eyes widened and her breath seized in her chest; it was too much like her lost children, the creatures that had been ripped from her so unceremoniously along with the Sorceress. It still pained her to think of them, and the casual touch reopened the wound.

You are foolishly brave, little Practitioner. Are you going to be as brave when the Shadow Brigade comes? When they insist on serving you and your sister? He smiled at Azkadellia's surprise. Oh, the two of you are getting into some Very Big Things these days. Not only in your own country, but across different Zones. You two are quite amusing, really.

So glad I amuse you, Azkadellia replied wryly. She looked over at a faint sound Callan was making. They would likely wake soon, missing her from their little huddle.

There is little enough to amuse a Belen Tasilth, the creature said, and Azkadellia snapped back to look at him. Oh, yes, little Practitioner. Your guess was correct. Did your other souls tell you? Azkadellia nodded slowly. Did they tell you to be afraid of me? He laughed when she nodded again. They always fear what they don't understand.

Should I be afraid?

I don't think so, the Belen Tasilth replied, laughter inherent in its voice.

You keep saying I amuse you.

Oh, yes, you do. Every time I think this realm bores me, something happens to strike my interest all over again. I like seeing things emerge from the shadows. I like seeing how my lost children find their way.

Azkadellia cocked her head slightly as she considered the Belen Tasilth. You may not have a name, but what should I call you? 'It' isn't respectful at all.

Would you show me respect? the Belen Tasilth asked, voice arch with amusement.

You have more skill at magic than I do. And you're older than any part of my soul, she added with a wry smile. I most certainly should respect you.

The Belen Tasilth gave a startled bout of laughter. You are indeed very lucky I like you. I think I know why that is now.

Why is that?

You remind me very much of my lost daughter. She died a very long time ago, the Belen Tasilth murmured, reaching out and touching Azkadellia's cheek. She had that same spark of life, and it ultimately was the only thing that saved her adopted homeland from shattering.

What was that place? Azkadellia asked, voice quiet in respect for the Belen Tasilth's pain.

She called it her Sanctuary, and others called it Faerie. With her last breath, she anchored it to the heart of the Mirror Zone. She was known as Titania to most of her subjects.

Then perhaps there's a reason I remind you of her. Her granddaughter gifted my family with her magic. Ozma is the one we wish to free in the Mirror Zone, Azkadellia murmured.

Oh, this I know, the Belen Tasilth said, voice heavy with grief. But the child Ozma is no longer my great-granddaughter. That child died a very long time ago. The girl that remains walks about in her shell, and it is sentimentality that keeps me from breaking apart the revenant. At least her face remains.

I'm sorry, Azkadellia murmured, and meant it.

So am I, the Belen Tasilth murmured. You may call me Ataio.

At the risk of being disrespectful, Azkadellia clasped Ataio's hands in hers. "Thank you for the gift of your name," she whispered. I will do right by the Old Ways. I'm trying to teach my sister the Old Speech.

Ataio smiled and let a fraction of his power loose through his hands into her body. It startled her, and she was too surprised to scream. I know you would do right by the Old Ways. No Practitioner could do any less. Walk to your lovers, child. I will speak to you later. I will visit your sister now. The Shadow Brigade is coming, and she has created the Unseelie Court anew.

Azkadellia gasped when Ataio let her go and then disappeared. She walked back to her bed with unsteady legs; they didn't feel tired or heavy or even like her own, even if they were. She woke Callan when she plopped back down on the bed between her tin men. "Hey," he said, and suddenly was startled to full wakefulness. "You're dressed!"

She laughed. "Well, yes." She jostled Della's arm. "C'mon. I have something to tell you two. And then we have dinner to eat."
***
DG was sitting on her bed in a fairly sheer nightgown and Cain was sitting behind her, massaging her shoulders. "That feels good," she murmured with a smile. "I didn't think they were that tense."

"Well, it's not as if you enjoy the thought of declaring war on anyone." He dropped a kiss onto the base of her neck. "You might be a fighter, but not exactly the best when it comes down to the logistics." He laughed at the disgruntled noise she made. "That's what you have all of your Advisors for, right? That's why we're going to plan this thing out very carefully."

DG opened her mouth to reply, but stopped and frowned. "Did you hear that?"

"No. Deeg, there's no one else here."

DG got up with that frown on her face. "It almost sounded like a voice."

Cain sighed and reached behind him for his discarded sleep pants. DG had that determined expression on her face again. There definitely wasn't going to be sleep or any play activities for a while yet. "What did it sound like?"

"Old," she said, unable to really describe it. "But I couldn't tell what the words were."

"There's no one else here. But it looks like Midnight might have come back early."

DG looked over to where Cain pointed, then shook her head. "That's not Midnight. That's his new friend, the one that was hanging around Az's room a lot. Hey, little guy. Was that you, making a noise?"

Cain sighed as she knelt over the mobat and picked it up in her arms. Give her a lost soul or an orphan creature and DG was all smiles and coos. Ine'che was right. She collected people. It was an endearing trait most of the time, but not when he was planning on eventually getting rid of the flimsy nightgown when she wasn't as tense any longer. "I didn't hear any noise."

It looked like a flash of light as the mobat grasped DG's face. She let out a little shriek of surprise, her hands flying apart. "What did you do!"

Cain caught her in his arms as she stumbled backward. They both looked up as the mobat flew in a lazy circle above them. It seemed to be smirking at them. I admit, I was a little impatient. I don't wish to wait for your sister to teach you the Old Speech. I had to find the memory and unlock it for you.

"Can you hear that," DG asked Cain.

"The wings flapping?" he asked, eyebrow raised in concern.

"No, he was talking to me. Only, in my head somehow. Like my ghost fairy, but softer."

That creature lacks much finesse. You should really give it back to her.

"Okay. You had to have heard that."

Cain only shook his head and looked up at the mobat. "Sorry, darling. Mobats can't speak."

Not with tongues mere mortals understand, the mobat said with a laugh. But you are a Practitioner, however untrained. It simply had to be reawakened. I wished to speak with you, Princess Dorothy Gale, Queen of the Unseelie Court.

"Whoa. I'm not Queen of anything yet,"

The mobat hovered at arm's length in front of DG. It is disheartening that you insist on using a baser language than the Old Speech. Especially considering I just went through the trouble of unlocking the skill for you. Really, just try using the proper language of magic, the mobat said, rebuke clear in its tone.

DG pressed her lips together in an unhappy expression. Um... How's this? It feels like I'm thinking at you really, really hard.

He laughed at her. Much better. It's a whisper. I'm sure with time you'll be more accustomed to the Old Speech. You'll have to be, to control the Unseelie Court when they arrive.

You mentioned that... What is it?

The ones that have gathered to oppose Queen Lurlaine, of course, the mobat replied. I've spoken with your sister at length already, but she is not the one that is calling the war with the Mirror Zone, so she will not rule the Unseelie Court. That falls to you, as you are the one that is willing to risk your current sovereignty to invade Lurlaine's territory.

To Cain, it appeared that DG was simply staring at the mobat intently. When she looked startled suddenly, he looked between the two of them. "What is it?"

"He says I'm Queen of the Unseelie Court," DG said, looking at Cain unhappily. "I didn't ask to be Queen of something else!"

Responsibilities are rarely asked for, the mobat told her gravely as Cain stroked her arm gently. "Just because you didn't ask for the role doesn't mean it doesn't belong to you," Cain said. He left to get her a robe when she shivered. I like this one, too, the mobat said, amused. You and your sister have both chosen level headed companions.

"Glad you approve," DG said to the mobat dryly as she shrugged into the robe Cain brought her. "The people around here don't seem to."

Petty minds, the mobat said with a dismissive wave. I've watched them for centuries. They're a boorish lot and never improved.

So you're as long lived as Ine'che, then? DG asked, switching back to Old Speech. The mobat was right. It felt a little easier to direct the thoughts at the creature now.

Oh, I am older than that. She would know of my kind, perhaps. The tales were old enough by then to have been forgotten, but some of the old Practitioners still remember the tales. The mobat shifted into a vaguely humanoid shape, which startled both DG and Cain. Cain shoved DG behind him, even though he was barely dressed and had no weapons but his own two fists. The figure chuckled. Oh, you are definitely a most amusing collection. I am quite glad I left the ravens behind.

Ravens?

Dark creatures are so much more interesting, aren't they? But for creatures of Light, your motley crew are fascinating.

"Glad we meet your approval," DG said in a wry tone, pushing Cain's arms down to his sides. "It's all right, Wyatt. He thinks we're fascinating."

"Lovely," he returned in a sarcastic tone. "Any other shapeshifting creatures we'll be meeting along the way?"

The creature laughed again. I cannot tell the future, little one. But your shadows belong to me, even if they are unaware of it. You send a broken one to do your bidding in the east.

Recon mission, DG replied. I don't want to hurt anyone I don't have to.

The creature leaned forward. I tell you this, little princess. You will have to.

Why? DG asked, shaking her head. Everyone thought the Sorceress had to be killed, but I was able to save my sister. I can do this.

Oh, little princess, the creature said, shaking its head. Talk with your sister. Perhaps you did a few favors, but she is not the sister you remember. Not everyone can be saved.

Not waiting for a reply, the creature shifted back into a mobat and flew out of her room. DG ran forward and locked the balcony doors shut, though she supposed the creature could easily undo the locks if he really wanted to.

"What was that all about, then?" Cain asked, crossing his arms over his chest.

DG looked at him helplessly. "Not a clue. But he thinks I'll have to kill people to make this work out. Or hurt them. Or something."

Cain folded her up into his arms. "You know I'm not a fan of this magic stuff," he said after a moment. "Just when you think you understand it, something else comes along that's bigger and more powerful and even stranger than the last bit of it."

She laughed and looked up at him. "You're still stuck with me, Wyatt."

"Of course I am. Your parents are even going to make an official announcement in the morning," he told her wryly. She only laughed at the news, not believing it was necessary. "Now we're really stuck with each other."

"Assuming this war doesn't happen here," DG murmured. "Everyone thinks it will."

"We'll be here. And we'll settle things in the Mirror Zone and Ozma will be safe."

DG smiled up at Cain and let him lead her back to bed. "You're always so sensible."

"One of us has to be, and it's not you." He smiled to lessen the sting of his words and pushed the robe off of her shoulders. "Now, where were we?"

"You were naked," DG replied with a bright grin. "And I believe I was in the process of getting equally naked."

They fell onto the bed, the last vestiges of their clothing tossed aside. Cain rolled on top of her, and she laughed as she looped her arms around his shoulders. DG lay with her legs splayed beneath him, the scent of her rising. He braced himself with one arm as he leaned down to kiss her. DG opened her mouth beneath his, her tongue sliding out to touch his. He found her thighs with his other hand, then traced his way to the juncture of her thighs. His fingers sought the center of her, then slipped inside. She gasped as she kissed him, hot and open, then threw her head back when his thumb brushed over her clit. "Wyatt," she murmured as his mouth crashed back over hers. Her hips tilted to give him better access, to let him move his fingers deeper inside of her, and she clawed at his back as the pleasure mounted.

DG made a strangled cry as she came, nails digging into his shoulders. Cain broke the kiss and pulled back slightly. "DG..."

"Did I hurt you?" she gasped, making an effort to let go of his shoulders.

He looked vaguely insulted. "Of course not."

"Good." She grasped his back and did her best to roll over on top of him. It didn't quite work out that way, but he did roll to the side. She clambered up on top of him and straddled his waist. "I'm feeling impatient tonight."

"I noticed," Cain said, reaching up to grasp her nipples between his fingers. She arched into his touch as she sank down on top of him. DG made an inarticulate noise of pleasure, then began to ride him hard. She had her hands at his hips, as if trying to pull him up deeper, and he tilted into her downward strokes. She let out startled groans as each stroke slid deeply home, and he grunted when she began to tighten around him. He thought perhaps he should warn her that he was close, but she sped up, head thrown back as she gasped for breath. He pinched her nipples as he came inside her, and DG made a soft keening noise. Another few strokes and then she tightened even more around him as she shuddered with her orgasm. She bent over at the waist and tucked her face against his neck. Cain traced the curve of her spine and felt the aftershocks ripple through her and flutter around his cock.

DG made a happy little noise as she pressed her lips against his pulse, still leaping wildly at the side of his neck. "You always feel so good, you know that?" she asked, voice soft and almost sleepy sounding.

Cain had to laugh at that. "You do mention it sometimes." He threaded his hands through her hair and held her close as his heartbeat slowed. "I still like hearing it."

"This never gets old," she murmured, smiling against his neck. "I still should shock you with something."

That she was quite a bit younger than him and still loved him was shocking enough. That he would be married to her, that he had a place in her life and that he could contemplate a future at all was shocking still. "I'd like to see you try," he said instead. He rather enjoyed her attempts to shock him, and he liked the way her eyes sparkled when she grinned at him while thinking naughty thoughts.

DG laughed, the old challenge between them still in place. "One day I will, just watch me."

Cain kissed her temple and didn't reply. He didn't need to.
***
***