Edward Woodrose was never now alone. Owen Archer and Will Scot were his constant shadows, and the entire Company rallied around the friend they had come to love. The plucky lad had insisted on performing, albeit beneath powder and paint thick enough to hide his livid bruises and swollen lip; and he was still pleasing to the eye - nothing could mar his curséd beauty. Day after weary day, he trod the boards, and if his voice shook a trifle or he stiffened in Sean's arms, no one in the audience had the wit to notice.

"How do you fare, Ned?" John McAllen dropped to the bench beside him, mopping at his sweating face. The troupe was rehearsing a new play, and the men were busy at repair and carpentry.

Edward essayed a painful smile that did not quite reach his eyes. "Well enough, Master John." The book holder raised his brows in patent disbelief and waited silently. For a long time, neither of them spoke. Ned squirmed beside him, unable to meet John's eyes, until at last he turned his face to the wall and began to weep quietly.

"The truth, lad," the gentle voice hid a tone of command. John reached out and tilted the wet face towards him. The blue eyes shimmered crystal in the tavern's dim light. Blank, inward-looking and unnerving.

"Unclean...I am...unclean..."

The soft, distant voice sent icy fingers crawling up John's spine. He lunged forward with a gasp and enfolded the thin shoulders in a rough hug. "Nay, Ned! Never that! T'was not your fault - none of it! No one thinks that - no one..."

Ned wrenched free, his face hard and angry. "No one?" he exclaimed bitterly. "Why does he not come a-nigh me then? He saved my paltry life - but mayhap he thinks that I fought not hard enough?" He wrapped his arms around his shivering body. "He was so strong, so large and he took me by surprise. I tried...but..."

John frowned, confounded by Ned's words. Who was this he that the lad spoke of? He saved...; light dawned and he understood. He followed Ned's yearning gaze to the stable yard beyond the door; Sean Hastings sat on a bench in the watery English sun, mending a broken chair. He had shed his shirt and doublet, and the sunlight glinted on the golden hairs of his muscled arms and haloed his curly hair.

"Ye fought well, lad," John assured the despairing boy. "The night watch knows that bastard well. An you fought harder, ye would have been hurt unto death. And Sean - Sean could not have borne that. He loves you well, Ned." The book holder was the oldest of the Company. He had seen much in his four and forty years, and he had known from the first that Edward was another such as Martyn and Owen. Sean he had not known - had never guessed, though they had known each other long. He met the lad's wide eyes and nodded firmly. Mayhap he was what Sean had been waiting for.

~~~~~

He heard the knock again. Sean looked up from his book with a frown. Who would be calling on him at this hour? He crossed the tiny room, unlatched the door and saw a hooded figure standing in the dark hallway, shifting from one foot to another nervously. It spoke, and it bore Ned's voice.

"By your leave..." the voice was halting, hesitant.

Sean grasped him by the arm and hauled him unceremoniously into the room, looking warily up the dim hall before he shut the door. He turned on Ned and snarled, "God's teeth! What do you here? Fool! Hast thou learned nothing?" He took a deep breath, frowned and paused thoughtfully. "Did John bid you come alone - no - he would not. Is he without?"

Ned shrank back and his shoulders hunched defensively. "He brought me here and trusts to you to bring me back." he replied, and then burst out, "I thank you for all your care, but a child I am not! Know you this - I can fend for myself right well!"

In spite of himself, Sean felt a traitorous warmth invade his body, a tingling fire that rushed through his limbs and settled in his loins. Nay, Edward was no child; he was beautiful Ganymede with his cup of temptation, beloved of Zeus; he was Eros, and his arrows of love were aimed true. So true, but... Sean shook his mind free of fancy and bethought himself of his duties as host. He took Ned's cloak and gestured at the room's lone chair, whilst he settled on the bed.

Ned glanced around the room covertly. He had never visited Sean's lodgings before. The room was lit by a single tallow candle; its flickering light a small isle of gold by the shuttered window. It was painfully clean, and sweet smelling herbs were strewn among the rushes on the floor. He took a deep breath and delved into his jerkin, extracting a packet wrapped in oilskin. "I never thanked you for - for what you did that night," he said shyly. "T'would please me greatly if you would accept this paltry token of my gratitude."

Sean took the proffered gift reluctantly. He did not want Ned's thanks - he wanted - no. He would not think it, would not hope. He unwrapped the packet and found a small book, bound in worn leather and tooled in gold. He opened it, and stiffened imperceptibly. It was a book of poetry, printed on vellum - poems of love. He looked up quickly; Ned stood before him, his eyes cast down, the dusky lashes feathering his pale cheeks. "Ned," he whispered, his voice trembling. "I want not your obligation - but - I - I would know your mind."

Ned raised his eyes slowly. There was a hesitant hunger on his face - voiceless desire suppressed by uncertainty. "It is not only gratitude I feel," he replied softly. He took a step forward and knelt before Sean. "Sean, that night...you called me 'love'. Didst thou speak true?"

Sean's throat tightened 'til he could scarcely breathe. "And if I did," he managed, "What of it?"

Ned's blazing smile illuminated the corners of the room and put the candlelight to shame. He pressed himself to Sean's body, fitting neatly between his spraddled legs, and whispered shakily:

"I love thee, Sean. An you want me, I am thine."

~~~~~~

Edward, clothéd, took Sean's breath away; naked - he stopped Sean's heart. His body was a pale flame in the gloom - smooth as Carrara marble, his skin as soft as the finest silk. Sean looked his fill, until a blush mantled Ned's cheek, and he pulled Sean down beside him, tangling his fingers in the coppery curls.

"Sean," he breathed. "Tarry not, my love."

Sean pressed his lips blindly against the moonglow skin, ghosting across the shoulder's curve, the silken throat, and finally finding purchase upon eager lips and questing tongue. Their first taste of each other was as heady as the finest wine. Sean drank deep of Ned's sweetness, all else forgotten. He had lain with many women, but nothing he had ever felt compared to this. The aching desire consumed him, salted with such emotion, as he had never had the joy to feel. He whispered brokenly against the warmth of Ned's mouth, "...I want thee...god, I want thee...I want to be the vessel of thy love...to feel thy light fill me...to have thee drink from me in turn..."

He pulled Ned atop his body, mindful of his greater weight. The lad moved against him with surprising strength, and they found a rhythm; their straining shafts rubbing deliciously together, their bodies as one from neck to knee. Ned raised his head and contemplated his lover's body through languorous eyes. Sean's nipples were as rosy hawthorn buds upon the expanse of his golden skin, and Ned bent his head and took one swiftly into his warm mouth, suckling it, worrying at it with his velvet tongue. Sean arched against him with a low cry, and his caressing hands swept the long curve of Ned's back and settled on the twin mounds of firm flesh, kneading, loving with his touch. All too soon, an urgency began to manifest in their frenzied movements; rapidly building to a release that shook them to the core; that unmade them and made them one.

They lay entwined for a long moment, their breathing harsh in the chill air. Then Ned slid aside with a groan and sat up, running his fingers through his tangled hair. The guttering candlelight glanced off his glorious eyes, and glistened on his belly, wet with their mingled seed. The green scent called to mind sacred groves and moonlit revelry; divine madness. Ned bent his leg and rested his chin on his knee, and smiled; and his eyes were veiled in mystery.

He was dryad...faun...and frighteningly fey.

Sean felt a cruel fist tighten about his heart. What he saw with the 'sight' did not always come to pass. He would not let it happen. He would not. He drew Ned down against his body and held him tight.

"Mine...to me." he muttered thickly, fiercely.

"I...to thee." Ned agreed tenderly, and sought his lover's lips anew.