Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues
(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: "…absolutely nothing …. to say to you."
Warning: alcohol abuse and some anger issues.
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 Fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Rufus & Tseng
POV: Tseng

DRUNK

Tseng had grabbed Rufus briskly by the arm and dragged him away from the scene. Rufus had been creating a scene during the diplomat's dinner. He had grabbed the young man before things got out of hand.

"What do you think you are doing?" Tseng growled and threw him against the wall, firmly pinning him there.

"I was getting a drink," Rufus said firmly. "I fucking had a bad day and I want a drink."

Tseng growled at him, unable to stop his anger as he pushed Rufus against the wall again. He watched the younger man grimace at the rough treatment, but didn't care that he was beating up his employer. He had enough of this childish behaviour. He was supposed to be becoming the Vice-President soon and he was still acting like a teenager. "We talked about your drinking. You are not allowed to drink any longer."

"You are not my nanny!" Rufus said and pushed back. Tseng held firm. He was stronger and knew he could handle the boy.

"You're not old enough to drink! Everyday is a bad day for you!" Tseng snarled at him and put his forearm against Rufus' throat and pressed. Rufus lifted his chin up and tried to take in a deep gasp of air. "You will straighten yourself up or the consequences will be severe."

Rufus frowned and clawed at his arm. He was gasping for air. "You need to grow up!" Tseng pressed harder for a moment, seeing the young man's face turn pale. "You can't keep acting like this."

Tseng waited for a moment more before he released Rufus from his hold and took a step back. He watched as Rufus gasped for air and rubbed his throat.

Tseng reigned in his anger and took calming breaths. He was going to have to teach Rufus a lesson one way or another; his persuasion tactics to stop his drinking were obviously failing. He knew he would regret his angry treatment of the boy later but having to deal with one too many tantrums was wearing his patience thin.

Rufus stood straight and squared his shoulders. Tseng was hoping to hear him pronounce that he was going to try and -– maybe - start the therapy sessions again.

"I," Rufus started and cleared his throat, his hand rubbing the bruise that was starting to form there. Tseng realized that he had pushed things too far with his young ward.

~I have to control my frustration better~

"I have absolutely nothing sober to say to you."

He watched as Rufus turned on his heel and walked down the hall.

Tseng followed slowly behind the boy he was supposed to protect. He knew what was going to happen next. Rufus would most likely indulge in some stash of alcohol that he had not found yet and he would have to deal with a drunk-ranting Rufus in a couple of hours.

Then he was sure that he would hear all that Rufus had to say about him bruising his throat.

:iconka-bu-ki: passed this along and I abused it and Rufus. "I have absolutely nothing sober to say to you." I am beating up on Rufus quite a bit lately.