Day 20

Francine entered Jack's cell with his evening meal. She gave him as wide a smile as she dared. It had been good news for several days running and Jack felt somewhat lighter of heart himself.

"I think you're safe for at least another several days," Francine said as she spoon-fed Jack. "He's occupied with some sort of weapon he's building. The Toclafane keep bringing him information and he keeps sending them back out. There are rumors of Martha's movements he keeps trying to pin down, but so far she's managed to evade him."

"Good girl," Jack said quietly.

"He's burning parts of the planet," Francine whispered. "He's watching as the planet burns."

"Be strong, Francine," Jack said to her in a low voice. "For Martha."

She nodded, tears swimming in her eyes as she continued to feed him his tasteless meal.

Day 25

Jack had exactly four days of peace before the Master paid him another visit. Tish had warned him that morning to expect the worst, so he was resigned when the Time Lord waltzed into his cell dressed in tight slacks and a shirt unfastened down to his waist.

The Master strolled up to Jack and ran a hand over his chest, letting it slide intimately over his belly. Jack pulled back as far as he could in disgust.

"Now see, Jack," the Master said lightly as he moved around to stand behind him. "That is what we have to keep from happening." He leaned against Jack's back and whispered into his ear, "I think you need the proper motivation to behave like a good boy."

A wall-mounted monitor that Jack had never before seen activated suddenly flashed to life. Two figures, difficult to distinguish, were roughly forced into a small room. They both shouted obscenities, struggling with their captors, and Jack's heart sank to the pit of his stomach as recognition dawned. The two figures where shoved into kneeling positions facing the camera and guns were placed to their heads.

Jack recognized Gwen and Owen.

"Yes, Jack. I caught myself half of your precious little team." The Master moved to stand beneath the monitor. "I have Fred and Daphne in my tender care. Wait, maybe you're Fred. Would that make Dr. Harper Shaggy? No. No, the good doctor is your Scooby Doo." He turned to Jack and ran the backs of his fingers along his cheek. Jack felt himself flinch. "It took me less than a month to get my hands on these two. Now that I have them, how long do you think it will take them to lead me to the other two?"

"That won't be as easy as you might think," Jack said in proud defiance. With any luck his smile annoyed the Time Lord.

The Master stood behind Jack and ran his hands along the Captain's buttocks. "They serve a dual purpose, though," he said quietly. "They're going to ensure your cooperation."

"You have me chained between two walls. I'm about as cooperative as anyone can be," Jack said tiredly.

"No, Jack. You're only as cooperative as the chains make you. In here," the Master tapped Jack's forehead, "you still resist me."

"And how will my team change that?" Jack asked, fearing the answer that some part of him already knew.

"A bullet to the brain," the Master provided quietly. "You can't be threatened with death. But you can be threatened with the loss of one of their lives unless you stop pulling away from me. Trying to evade my touch."

Cold fingers of terror walked their way down Jack's spine. "Fine," he capitulated. "You don't need to hold guns to them anymore." He would rather fight his way to freedom and fight his way to his team. That wasn't going to happen, so Jack would do what he had to do. He just hoped once the Master told him what he had to do he wouldn't regret this decision.

"But we're interrogating them. Breaking them down until they give up your other two kiddies."

Jack was torn between his fear that Tosh and Ianto would fall into the Master's hands and his desire for Gwen and Owen to save themselves the rough treatment the Master was bound to inflict.

Jack remained silent, so the Master delivered the bad news. "You're going to suck my cock as if you love it, Jack. The first hint of resistance or revulsion and Dr. Harper gets a bullet to the brain. Any attempt to harm me with hands or teeth and bye-bye PC Cooper."

Jack's mouth went dry and he kept his eyes on the monitor as Gwen and Owen were brutalized after each refused to answer question after question. He quickly realized no real lasting damage was done, but the guns were never secured and remained always in the vicinity of their heads. Jack didn't want to do what the Master said, but he was going to save Gwen and Owen. If sucking the Master off was what he had to do, so be it.

"Alright," Jack heard himself say. "Make them stop hurting my team and I'll cooperate." He was still their leader and he was still responsible for them.

The Master nodded to one of his storm troopers and the man moved away to speak into a comm. Relief washed through him as Jack watched the men on the monitor cease manhandling Gwen and Owen They still didn't secure their guns, though.

Several guards moved to take Jack down from his restraints. They forced him to his knees and secured his hands at the small of his back. His legs were shackled and then secured to his wrists in traditional four-point restraint.

"Leave us," the Master told the guards. They filed out of Jack's cell.

The Time Lord took several steps forward until he stood just in front of Jack's kneeling form. Jack kept his eyes fixed on a point on the floor between them. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the Master run his fingers down along his own chest and stomach until they came to rest at the top of his fly.

"It's just you and me, Jack." The hand on his belt began to make a lazy trail back up the bare skin of his belly and chest before returning back to its resting place on his buckle. "I'll leave the monitor on so you can see I'm honoring my word to not harm your team as long as you're a good boy and please me. If you at any time fail to satisfy me, though…" He left the implication hanging between them.

Jack's only response was a small nod of his head. He'd endured worse for far less important reasons.

The Master took the final step forward so that the bulge inside his trousers nearly brushed Jack's face. He had no choice but to watch the Master unzip his fly and take himself out, letting the hard, heavy cock bounce obscenely between them. Jack knew what the Master wanted to make him feel but he couldn't help himself. Jack was embarrassed. His own helplessness and vulnerability were painful and too much to think about. He was ashamed that he would entice the Master to treat him this way and that he was actually had to perform this act.

"I suggest you start sucking, Captain."

Jack drew in a final breath and closed his eyes. He'd done this a million times, and he could do it now. He tried to block out the Master's presence, the feel of his body as it loomed over him as he took the cock into his mouth. In another time, another place, he might've done this willingly. But here and now it was repulsive, and it took all his skill to keep his wits – and his technique – intact.

"Very nice, Jack!" the Master said hoarsely. "Leave it to a freak to be able to suck a good dick."

Jack continued to slide his mouth up and down the offensive erection. He used no tricks, no fancy technique. He didn't want the Master to get any more pleasure than was absolutely necessary to keep Gwen and Owen safe. He was just about to put himself on autopilot and recede into the safe place in his mind when the Master grasped his head with both hands and roughly shoved his prick deep into Jack's mouth.

"You stay here with me, Captain! No running away to wherever it is you go," the Master ground out through clenched teeth as he thrust roughly in to Jack's mouth. "Open your eyes, Jack. Look at me while I fuck your mouth."

His spirits sank further, but Jack obeyed for the sake of his team. Had he been kneeling in front of Ianto, he never would have closed his eyes in the first place. On the contrary, he'd be watching every nuance of expression that crossed Ianto's face. Jack knew the effect his eyes had on his lovers when he looked up at them through his lashes so he withheld that from the Master. He opened his eyes and he looked but he didn't look like he would if this were Ianto.

Jack tried hard to relax his jaw and throat to accommodate the Master's abusive thrusts. He would not give the Time Lord the satisfaction of making Jack gag or choke. He would not show distress. He would not show discomfort. His pride demanded he didn't.

"You have a beautiful mouth when it's wrapped around a cock, Jack. But I imagine you already knew that, didn't you?" the Master taunted as he stared down at Jack, still gripping his head and thrusting his hips hard. "I think you're actually good at this," the Time Lord muttered, mostly to himself.

Jack relaxed into his task and tried to clear his mind. Each of the Master's thrusts sent the head of his cock down Jack's throat and the skin of his belly into Jack's face. He could smell the Time Lord's scent, feel his sweat. It turned his stomach and he almost gagged. He was not to let the Master see any discomfort and it had been made clear that any sign of revulsion would see Gwen and Owen punished. Jack would do this for them all the while knowing they could never see him doing it.

The Master however, was determined to see Jack's distress. He left one hand on the side of Jack's head to help guide his thrusts, while he snaked the other down to grasp Jack around the neck and squeeze. "I'm going to come in your mouth while you die, Captain."

Jack drew a breath through his nose. He struggled to accommodate the hard cock sliding down his throat. The Master tightened his grip on Jack's neck and he found it difficult to breathe. When he couldn't breathe it became harder for Jack to suck the Master's cock with any dignity. He started to make lewd sucking noises and wished he could stop.

Jack's vision swam with the effects of hypoxia. He felt the all too-familiar tingling of oxygen deprivation and he knew he was close to losing consciousness. He'd been strangled to death before. He'd been smothered and he'd been suffocated. He'd just never had to die before while a psychopath raped his mouth.

Jack's vision grayed and then he couldn't breathe at all. "I'm so close, Jack! I'm going to come!" the Master chanted as he continued to fuck Jack's face. "I'm going to come and you're going to die with my cock in your mouth."

As Jack lost consciousness he was grateful he only had to taste the first few drops of the Master's come before the world turned black.

Jack awakened later that afternoon already chained to the wall. He could taste the remains of the Master's semen. Some of it had dried on his face. He did what he could to wipe it off using his shoulder but he knew he hadn't cleaned it all and felt a vague sense of embarrassment, like, like a whore after a trick.

When Tish brought him his evening meal, she also brought a basin of water and cleaned him up the best she could. Jack wanted a shower desperately but it really didn't look like that was going to happen any time soon.

"Are Gwen and Owen okay?" he asked Martha's sister between bites of food.

"It seems so. He's bragging that he caught them, but not that he's harmed them." She met his gaze only furtively.

Jack sighed in relief. "Please keep an ear out for info on them, would you Tish?"

"Of course, Captain." She picked up the tray of empty dishes and turned to leave. "Please try to relax this evening, sir. You could use a little rest."

"I'll try, Tish. Thanks."

Day 26

The Master burst through the door of Jack's cell in an explosion of motion and sound. "Captain Jack!" he said loudly, arms open wide as if to bestow a hug and face contorted in a demonic grin. "I had so much fun yesterday I couldn't wait to come back."

"I'm sure you have more important things to do. Don't let me keep you." Jack's retort lacked his typical arrogance. He said the words more out of anxiety and habit than true defiance.

"I just couldn't stay away from you, Jack," the Master said in a low, gravelly voice. Jack saw lust in the Time Lord's eyes. "I woke in the middle of the night with a monstrous hard-on." The Master stood directly in front of him, grinding his body obscenely against Jack's. A whisper in his ear that might have been alluring from someone else left Jack feeling dirty. "I'd been dreaming of you, Jack…you and that beautiful mouth of yours wrapped around my cock. Lucy tried, she really did. It just wasn't the same."

Jack's eyes were drawn to the wall-mounted monitor as it flickered to life again. Gwen became visible, kneeling in a Spartan room, a gun once again pressed to the back of her head.

The Master pulled back from Jack and glanced at the monitor. "Your incentive for the day, Captain," he drawled. "Keeping little Gwenie alive."

"Have you hurt her?" Jack failed to disguise his fear as he watched the monitor, but Gwen appeared unharmed.

"No! Jack, I promised you," the Master said as he ran the backs of the fingers of one hand down Jack's cheek. "You pleased me greatly yesterday. I had no reason to harm either of your little kiddies."

Jack suppressed a shudder of revulsion and stopped himself from pulling away from the Master's touch. It was clear that yesterday's rules still applied. Not that Jack could trust the Master's word and that frightened him. His gut told him the Time Lord was bully. Bullies pushed weaker people around because they were scared and that made them dangerous. Bullies over-compensated for their own sense of inadequacy.

"Good," the Master said, placing a soft kiss on Jack's lips. "I see you're a fast learner, Captain."

The Time Lord turned toward his contingent of guards and gave a signal. They flooded the cell and surrounded Jack, reaching for his shackles.

"Here we are again, guys," Jack said to them with his usual humor, although this time it was forced.

They had their routine down by now. In mere minutes Jack was stripped naked and forced to his knees. This time, in addition to his four-point restraints, they added a cold metal collar. The chain of his restraints was secured to the ring at the back of the collar. Jack's chin was forced upward and his chest thrust out. The chain connected to his ankles, wrists and collar was so short that it arched his lower back and caused his hips to thrust forward. With his groin exposed and hanging vulnerably, Jack couldn't suppress a shiver of dread.

The guards filed out of the cell and the Master stood in front of Jack's body, running his fingers through Jack's hair. Calling up his last vestiges of defiance, Jack stared at a distant spot past the Master's hip.

The Time Lord slowly took the fly of his trousers down. He withdrew himself from his clothing and slapped Jack's cheek with his erection.

Jack was surprised by the degradation but he managed to hide it. He would allow himself to be debased for Gwen's sake.

The Master slapped Jack across the other cheek with his cock. He dragged it slowly from Jack's cheek, down his chin and across to the other cheek. "It's time, Jack."

He had no time to prepare before the Master shoved his cock past Jack's lips and forced it down to the back of his throat. Jack opened his mouth, praying he got his teeth out of the way in time. He couldn't help the choking and gagging sounds, and prayed that Gwen wouldn't suffer for his mistakes.

"I'm impressed, Jack. I thought sure I was going to feel teeth." The Master gripped Jack's head and roughly fucked his mouth as he had the day before. "I was so looking forward to a little bit of punishment for Ms. Cooper."

Jack's restraints held him fast. Any shift in position tugged on ankles or throat. He tried to ignore the physical discomfort, tried not to feel anything at all for what he was forced to do, or the person he was forced to do it to. Jack felt a swelling of pride when the Master praised him for his good behavior and pleasing technique. Jack was suddenly ashamed that he had taken pride in something so base.

The Master's skin tasted saltier than he was used to and his scent was muskier. It was made stronger by the Master's sweat slicked stomach as it collided rudely with Jack's face. He didn't fancy the Master's taste or smell. Jack heard his own breath, harsh in his ears. It was drowned out by the Master's loud gasps of pleasure. When the Time Lord pulled back suddenly Jack made a surprised, lewd sucking sound. A string of his saliva clung to them both, keeping them connected.

"Nice, Jack. Very nice," the Master cooed, running a hand over Jack's hair. "Now, ask me to let you have my cock again."

"No," he said, his voice soft but defiant. Jack clung desperately to that sense of defiance. He had suddenly reached his limit of what he thought he could do and endure, fervently hoping he hadn't doomed his team.

Pain. Hot, scorching pain ripped through Jack's body. His spine bowed, every muscle clenched and he screamed raggedly.

"Try again," the Master said, looking down at Jack with cold eyes.

"No," Jack repeated, but this time he knew what was coming.

His spine bowed as the electricity coursed through his body. Jack had been shocked before. He recognized the sensation.

"Tell me you want my cock."

This time Jack only shook his head slightly.

The Master clutched what appeared to be a miniature taser and when Jack refused to comply he applied the high voltage charge to the side of the metal collar. The charge leaped from the collar to his body, but it also ran down the attached chains to his wrists and ankles, too.

When the charge receded, it left Jack weak, and the pain lingered in his muscles and joints.

"Last chance, Jack. Ask me nicely to give you my cock again."

"Nuh uh," Jack whispered, unsteady on his knees. His eyes were hooded and his breath was coming in gasps. He braced for the next jolt to his neck but it didn't come. Instead a piercing scream issued from the monitor on the wall. Gwen.

Jack looked up abruptly and silently cursed himself for forgetting her. Her guard placed a stun gun between her shoulder blades. She arched backwards and screamed.

"Alright!" Jack raised his voice over Gwen's sobs. "Please, let me have your cock." He looked to make sure the guard had stepped away from Gwen.

He caught sight of the guard moving back from Gwen just as the Master's cock pressed past his lips.

"That's right!" the Master groaned as he worked himself in and out of Jack's mouth. "Suck it good." He threw back his head and squeezed his eyes shut.

Jack really wanted to close his own eyes and block out the sight and scent of the Time Lord. He was angry with himself for the lapse that had caused Gwen pain.

"Open your eyes, Jack," the Master said harshly.

Reluctantly, Jack's eyes snapped open and he searched wildly for a neutral place to rest his gaze. He refused to look up. Jack was afraid of the expression he would see on the Master's face.

"Those are pretty eyes," Jack heard the Time Lord say above him. "Pretty eyes to go with the pretty mouth."

The Master pulled himself from between Jack's lips again and Jack tensed for what was to come.

"You know what I want to hear."

Jack hesitated in spite of himself. He caught sight of the Master's hand as it was raised in a silent signal, and he pushed himself to say what needed to be said. "Please, let me have your cock." Jack said it low and through gritted teeth, but it was enough to keep from having to hear Gwen's screams again.

"You are a quick study, Captain," the Master said as he shoved his erection through Jack's lips again. The Time Lord grasped Jack's hair in both fists and worked his cock in and out of Jack's mouth. "I'm going to come in your mouth and you're going to swallow all of me down."

It took all of Jack's concentration not to gag at that moment. He was humiliated and debased. Jack felt like he'd sunk about as low as he possibly could. The Master groaned loudly and slammed the head of his cock deep into Jack's throat and came.

Jack swallowed. He refused to acknowledge what was happening, whose come was shooting down his throat. He breathed and he swallowed and he waited for the ordeal to end.

Jack felt the Master pull himself free. He thought he was going to have a moment to relax but all too soon the excruciating pain shot through Jack's system again. This time the voltage assaulted him from two sources. The Master had a taser in each hand, one on either side of his neck.

Jack screamed himself hoarse in the time it took for him to be electrocuted.

Francine brought Jack his meal that evening. He had revived and been dressed and shackled by the guards. He stood sedately in his bonds, unable to muster any kind of witty greeting for Martha's mother.

"Good evening, Captain," Francine said, gracing him with a smile.
"Please, Francine. You and Tish can call me Jack," he said tiredly.

"You have to endure more from him than the rest of us. Including the Doctor," Francine said as she gently fed Jack his meal. "We call you Captain out of respect for how strong you are."

Her words took Jack by surprise. He wasn't strong. He'd shown that repeatedly when he'd been shoved to his knees and sucked the Master's cock until he came.

"We heard your screams today," she continued. "Tish was too upset to come to you this evening."

"I'm sorry about that."

"You have nothing to apologize for," Francine said as she cleaned his mouth with a soft cloth. "You inspire us to keep going when things with him get crazy."

Before Jack could think of a reply, she was gone.

Day 27

Tish managed to communicate a basic outline of the Doctor's plans for escape.

Francine managed to elaborate on the Doctor's plan. She told Jack to expect the signal in three days.

Day 30

To no one's surprise, the Master thwarted their first attempt at escape with very little effort. His retribution against the Doctor was swift and cruel.

His retribution against Jack took a little longer, but it was more insidious.

Day 31

The morning after their failed escape attempt, Tish brought Jack his meal. She stepped close to his suspended form as she spooned the meal for him. "He's going to come for you today, Captain. He's really angry this time. I'm afraid of what he's going to do."

"Come on, Tish! What can he do? Kill me?" Jack's humor was to reassure himself as well as the young woman.

"It's what he can do leading up to killing you that scares me."

"If he's going to take his anger out on someone, it's best that it's me. However ugly it gets, I'll always live through it," Jack said. "You and your family couldn't."

Tish nodded, keeping her moist eyes averted. "Whatever he does, I'll come help you when it's over."

Jack nodded his acknowledgment, aware of how hard Tish found it to face him after she'd heard his screams. He appreciated her new resolve. "Any idea where they're holding my friends?"

"Nowhere on the Valiant, that much we're sure of." She glanced over her shoulder to make sure the guards wouldn't overhear. "They're planet-side. That's all we know."

"Thank you finding out at least that much," Jack said, as Tish gathered up her tray and left his cell.

The guards poured into Jack's cell and his heart raced. The time had come but he felt he needed more time to prepare himself for today's journey into hell.

"Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack." The Master singsonged as he slowly made his way into the cell. "I can't tell you how disappointed I am. I give you food and shelter. I've let your little Martha's family live. Yet you still try to escape me. I thought we had an understanding, Captain."

"We do. I understand you're destroying my planet, keeping me and my friends prisoner, keeping me chained up day after day to torture when the mood strikes you. Did I miss anything?" Jack held the Master's gaze and tried to use his anger to control his rising fear.

"You forgot one thing," the Master said with a smile that sent a chill down Jack's spine. "Your little kiddies that I have tucked away."

Jack clenched his jaw to keep himself from saying anything. He might piss the Master off and make things worse than he already had. The Time Lord had played his fucking trump card; Jack's team. He felt his rage at the Master grow. Jack had come to realize the Master feared him. He feared Jack, Martha and the Doctor. He didn't have what it took to influence people and gain their cooperation with charm or persuasion. His only recourse was good conduct hostages.

"Their safety for your cooperation and compliance." As if he needed to be reminded.

The monitor flashed on and Jack couldn't help but look. He was afraid of what he'd see. The high-resolution image clearly showed Owen Harper strapped to a metal table stripped to his trousers. As Jack watched, a guard stepped forward and emptied the contents of a large bucket over Owen's head and torso. Jack was confused by what he saw. He dreaded what he knew was coming next.

Jack's guards removed his clothes and forced him to stretch so far that he could only make contact with the floor on the balls of his feet. His arms and shoulders were going to make the Master's game a hundred times worse than it would be on its own.

Over the monitor, Owen's screams began. Jack looked up and saw the guards that surrounded Owen were stabbing at him with electric batons. The shocks they administered were conducted throughout Owen's body by both the metal of the table and the water they had doused him with. Jack felt his temper flare. "He had nothing to do with us trying to escape! Neither of them did!"

The Master grabbed Jack's face roughly with one hand. "You sacrificed their safety when you defied me!" he shouted angrily, his face twisted in rage. "Your own actions have sealed their fates!"

Owen's screams of agony continued to flow out of the monitor, his torture in clear living color for the entire room to see. Jack had never felt so impotent. He could hear the guards ask Owen questions and his refusals to answer. Jack was sure they were trying to get Owen to give up the locations of Toshiko and Ianto, and so far he was holding out. How long could that last, though?

"And so, Jack, you and Dr. Harper get to suffer together for your sins." The Master held his hand out to the side and one of the guards placed something into it.

In spite of himself, Jack couldn't help but look at the Master's hand. He held a flogger. The ends of the lengthy leather thongs were tied to sharp metal hooks. Jack's mouth went dry in horror.

The Master stepped around to Jack's side and let fly. The leather thongs struck sharply across the bare flesh of Jack's back, the hooks bit into the skin just above his ribs and ripped. Jack arched sharply and gave a loud feral cry of pain. He danced forward on the balls of his feet in a vain attempt to evade both the pain and future blows.

On the monitor, Owen screamed again as his body arched at the electric current that coursed through him.

The Time Lord landed another blow, this one struck across Jack's shoulders, leaving red welts and torn flesh in its wake. Jack bit down on his lower lip. Jack accepted the pain as his penance for Owen's torture, but he refused to give the Master the satisfaction of his screams.

The third blow scored Jack's hip, the fourth ripped at the flesh of his buttocks.

By the time the Master shifted position to scourge the opposite side of Jack's body, he screamed with each blow and let his cries mingle with Owen's. Together Jack and Owen endured excruciating pain. Blood coursed down the length of Jack's body from the shredded skin of his wounds. Warm rivulets of the stuff trickled down to meet with what flowed from other wounds until rivers of it rolled down his frame. Jack was desolated he'd been forced to suffer with Owen and had not been able to suffer for him.

Jack caught sight of Owen's torture on the monitor and saw that he had weakened. He had no way to know if Owen had broken and given up Tosh and Ianto. He hoped not. In fact, Jack almost wished Owen would die soon so that he'd be out of the Master's reach forever.

Jack felt the Master land the flogger in places that had already been scourged. Fresh, tender red flesh was ripped wide. Jack felt as though his entire body was on fire with pain.

The sound of his own screams mingling with Owen's and drove him over the edge. He sagged roughly down into his bonds in a desperate effort to dislocate his own shoulders and shove himself forcibly into unconsciousness. Jack ignored the little voice inside his own head that whispered to him that he was a coward. He wanted to flee the battlefield and he was ashamed. Jack Harkness did not flee.

It worked. At least for a time. Jack felt his shoulders give and a white light flash behind his eyelids. He found peace. A temporary refuge from the pain of his body as it was ripped apart.

In that refuge, Jack found himself wondering if Owen had broken, and if so, how much longer Tosh and Ianto had left.

Beautiful, brilliant Toshiko. She was the strongest woman Jack had ever known and yet she was completely unaware of that fact herself. In quiet moments or social situations she doubted everything about herself. When Jack turned to her in a crisis, she never failed him. Never. She hacked it, cracked it, programmed it, identified it, or translated it. Thoughts of Tosh made Jack's heart swell with pride.

Her heart was as big as her intellect, too. She was the first one to reach out to Ianto, except for Jack himself, in the wake of the Lisa fiasco. She seemed to naturally understand and forgive. Jack had taken it upon himself to reconnect and ground Ianto, but at some point he'd realized his mission was being helped along by Tosh's efforts, too. He would be forever grateful to her for that. He tried to remember more about her, about any of them, but he couldn't grab onto a thought and follow it through.

Jack was sucked back to life with a deep gasp, a lightening bolt of pain, the realization that his shoulders were still dislocated and that he was still secured to the ceiling. This wasn't right. He should be on the floor with Tish kneeling over him. It was then he saw the Master, flogger still in hand. Jack's mind raced as he sought desperately to think of a way to avoid this.

Someone threw a bucket of cold water on his naked form and he gasped. He looked down to see he had healed from the scourging as pink-tinged water sluiced off his body. Jack looked up at the monitor to see Owen's limp body as it was removed from the table.

"So nice of you to join us again, Jack!" the Master said. "I wasn't finished with you yet. I wanted you conscious for all of this. I couldn't have you retreating to wherever it is you go to evade my tender ministrations."

The flogger began to land across his naked back again, re-ripping the now healed flesh. "Fuck!" Jack cried. "How can you enjoy this, you sick bastard?" Jack was ashamed that his shouts gave the Master what he wanted.

Blows continued to rain down on Jack's tortured skin. The Master used the flogger to rip at his rib cage, his shoulders, his buttocks, his thighs. "You owe me a pound of flesh for your part in the plot against me, Jack. I intend to get my literal pound of flesh." Jack arched and screamed as the flogger ripped into the soft skin of his chest and belly.

"You are a fool, Jack Harkness!" the Master said as the sweat of his exertions dripped from his body. "You sacrificed Dr. Harper's life for a feeble escape attempt at the behest of the Doctor."

"Fuck you! He was innocent! Owen was innocent, you didn't need to kill him," Jack cried through his gritted teeth. "You're a goddamn fucking coward."

"You cost him his life, Captain." The Master stepped directly in front of him. "Your blind loyalty to the Doctor, when he never gives you a second thought. He runs from you, abandons you, and yet calls upon you to help him when I have him under my control. The failure of his plan cost you your precious Owen's life, but what did it cost him? Nothing," he spat. "Does he even care about Owen?"

"You certainly don't!" He knew the Master wanted to divide and conquer, but the words still unsettled him.

"I offer you an alternative, though. Your Doctor does not." The Master's voice was conciliatory, sickly-sweet. "Behave like a good boy and no harm will come to your little Gwenie Cooper. Keep letting the Doctor push you around and she goes the way of Dr. Harper."

The Master stepped close to Jack until they nearly touched. Jack felt the Time Lord's hand cup his genitals roughly. "We could have such lovely times together, Jack. Just give in to me and it doesn't have to be about the pain."

"No." Jack gave the same answer he'd given all along. He couldn't be sure his voice still sounded strong and committed. The Master seemed to expect the defiance.

The Master pulled back and gave Jack an evil smile. "No skin off my back, Captain. I'll take the skin from yours, though."

Jack felt the knife slip between his ribs and pierce his heart, and the world went black.

This time Jack awoke as Tish knelt above him, cleaning away the blood. Her jaw clenched with determination as she gently cleaned Jack's body.

"Welcome back, Captain."

"Thank you, Tish." Jack was too emotionally wrung out to stir himself. He lay on the floor naked, relishing the feel of the wet cloth in Tish's hands.

"I'm sorry," she said. "About your friend."

"He's really dead, then?" Jack asked dully. He already knew the truth but still needed to hear it confirmed.

"Yes."

Jack nodded.

When he was clean, Tish helped him up and to dress. He was too tired to even care that his clothes were beyond filthy.

As Tish prepared to leave, she turned back suddenly and placed a soft kiss on Jack's cheek then quickly fled the cell.

It was artificial night on the Valiant. The lights were dimmed and the windows blacked out to keep the constant sun from shining through. Staff was asleep and the guards were minimal but still in evidence.

Jack let himself hang from his restraints between the walls of his cell. The constant thrum of the Valiant's engines and the unending humidity were his only companions during these long hours.

He hated these hours. When they left him alone for such a long period of time, his mind always wandered. It didn't always wander to the places of light that gave him comfort, though. Sometimes it went to the dark places. That's where he was tonight.

The Master's words about the Doctor's abandonment of him had gotten under Jack's skin. Jack hated him for that. It gave the Master power Jack had hoped he wouldn't ever have.

Owen was dead. Gwen still a hostage to guarantee Jack's compliance. Tosh and Ianto were out there alone, and he was worried beyond measure for them. He couldn't do anything to help unless he gained his freedom, but that most likely depended on the Doctor, whose priorities would almost certainly be himself and the TARDIS.

His recent conversation with the Doctor ran through his head.

"How long have you known?"

"Since I first ran away from you."

"You're wrong, Jack. A fixed point in time. Even the TARDIS flew to the end of the Universe to try to shake you."

He'd given his life on the Game Station. He had charged into battle with all of them knowing he was going to die to buy the Doctor time. Rose had harnessed the Vortex from the Doctor's own TARDIS, bringing him back forever, but the Doctor had left him behind. He'd known and he'd left anyway. Jack's sacrifice had meant nothing. He'd been stranded on the abandoned station with nothing but Dalek dust and the decaying corpses of those who had fallen with him to help the Doctor. No assistance. No explanations. It had been twenty-two years before he'd come to realize there was something drastically wrong, and then he'd had no one to turn to for help or answers.

And here they were again and the Doctor was asking Jack to sacrifice. Assumed he would, without question.

This time, though, Jack's help came with the price tag of his team, and they didn't get a say in the matter. Jack couldn't accept that. The curse he'd lived with alone for almost 140 years could be the salvation of his team if he would cooperate with the Master.

The thought of giving himself to the Master willingly for torture or sex turned his stomach. The thought that giving in could protect his team made it seem manageable, though. Gwen was relatively safe for now -- she might possess knowledge the Master wanted. If he ever got his hands on Tosh and Ianto, Jack's cooperation would almost certainly be mandatory.

His team had to be Jack's priority. He had already learned the hard way that the Doctor wasn't going to look out for anyone but himself, yet he'd call on all those around him to assist his escape efforts. Jack decided he had to do what was necessary to protect his team, whatever the personal cost to himself.

With that decision made, there was nothing left to do but wait for the morning and the usual visit from Tish or Francine.