	A New Bedwarmer (Mf nc/reluc anal) By Foxbat




	Disclaimer:  The characters in this story are completely fictional,
and bear no intended resemblance to characters in real life.  This story
contains graphic sex, in some cases non-consensual, and should not be
read if such stories are illegal in your state, or if you are a minor.

	Please feel free to distribute this, on the condition that the
disclaimer and author's name remain intact and unaltered.

	For previous parts, or other stories of mine, please check out
http://assm.asstr.org.

	You can search by title or author, or just browse.  Happy reading.

	Thanks to ASSTR, I also have a website at
http://www.asstr.org/~foxbat/ where you can find all of my work.  This
is also available via ftp at ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/foxbat/


	Feedback, comments, suggestions, etc are always welcomed and
appreciated at foxbat00@gmail.com




	Her first week at the new boarding school had been rough.  She
missed her old friends, and her home - all the girls she had met here
seemed different than her somehow.  Some acted all preppy and
self-important, but she got the feeling that even the ones that didn't
felt they were superior.  Being a new Third Former, she knew the Sixth
was supposed to be there to help her, but she couldn't escape the
suspicion that somehow her prefects were laughing at her behind her
back.

	The homesick girl lay in her bed, staring at the ceiling, just on
the verge of sleep.  All her concerns floated through her mind, dancing
in front of her as huge monsters.  Her eyes fluttered as sleep began to
overtake her worried mind.

	Suddenly, everything went black and she couldn't breathe - she
panicked, not knowing what was going on.  In a heartbeat, she felt
herself thrown out of her bed to the floor.  For just a second, the
pillow which had been used to smother her face was removed before quick
hands replaced it with a makeshift gag and blindfold.  Thrashing about,
the terrorized girl clawed to get away from whoever and whatever it was
that was holding her down.  Just as she felt like she was getting away,
the floor seemed to whoosh up all around her - she realized she must
have crawled right on top of a big sack spread out on the floor - for
she was undoubtedly now stuck in some sort of cloth sack.

	Fighting to regain control of herself, the panic-stricken girl tried
to breathe regularly, as she felt the floor sliding under her.  Who was
doing this to her, and where were they taking her, she wondered, as she
felt herself being lifted up stairs and dragged down more halls.  The
passage ways of the school were confusing to the seeing during the day,
and so even before the thought to keep track of turns had occurred to
her, she was hopelessly lost.

	After what seemed like an eternity of being dragged around, she
heard hushed voices whispering around.  Before she could decipher what
was being said, a blinding flash of pain in her head rendered the world
black.

	***

	"Master, we have brought you a new bedwarmer."

	The now naked Third Former was splayed on the plush bed before the
Master.  He paused to take in the sight:  She was lying face down, her
arms and legs bound tightly to the bed-posts with red satin ties, and
several tasseled pillows had been stuffed under her midsection, forcing
her ass up into the air in a most inviting way.  As if by force of his
will, the girl on the bed stirred, beginning to awake.

	"You have done well.  Leave us."

	The Master's words echoed through the bedroom, as the two prefect
girls who had been kneeling beside the bed rose, gathered up the large
sack, and walked from the room with their heads bowed.  Each of them had
once been in the position of the Third Former, tied down to the Master's
bed.  The older and smarter of the two hoped that their choice would
please the Master.  He could be very finicky in an unpredictable way
with his taste in girls, she thought.  As the door closed, she decided
that he would definitely like this one.

	***

	Her head ached as the poor Third Former came back into
consciousness.  Her first reaction was to try to rub her head, but her
arms would not move.  Nor would her legs.  Panic was beginning to
return, just as she felt a hand rubbing her head for her.  In her spread
position, she felt incredibly vulnerable, but the gentle hand stroking
her hair somehow felt very comforting.  She heard a soft voice
whispering in her ear.

	"Its ok.... Just relax"

	The hand moved down, now gently massaging her shoulders and neck. 
It felt good, and it was easy to let it just continue and work its
therapy.  It moved down again though, this time to her lower back, where
it continued to work her sore muscles.  The exhausted girl, despite her
awkward position, felt herself relaxing to the touch.  She didn't want
him to stop, but the hand moved lower again.

	"What have we here?"  The voice asked, as the hand glided along her
buttock, headed towards the cleft between her legs.  She felt her face
turn bright red.

	***

	Her face flushed when he reached her pussy, but she did not resist. 
He let his fingers roam gently over her labia, which was covered only in
a light fuzz.  She was still quite young, and strikingly pretty, he
thought.  He let his fingers drift into her slit briefly, making contact
with her clit.  He was rewarded, as the girl shuddered and sucked in her
breath sharply.  This was always the best part - blindfolded, out of
place, and totally focused on the hand which never left their skin, the
girls never resisted.

	Their misgivings and nervousness succumbed to the massage, and
before it could return, pleasure and curiosity kicked in.  The Master
smiled.

	***

	Her sex tingling in a very funny way, the girl tied to the bed
couldn't decide whether she ought to feel ashamed of herself for not
resisting and letting this strange man touch her like this, or whether
she should give in to the sensations emanating from her crotch.  She had
felt tingles like this before, but only a couple of times, and it was
nothing like the tingling, almost burning, she felt now.  She
momentarily felt the distinct sensation of wetness between her legs, and
wondered if she might have had an accident during the earlier struggles.
It was if the fingers were scratching an itch she didn't know she had,
but instead of easing it, they were only making the itch more intense.

	Suddenly, she felt as if she were on the brink of some great
discovery, like she had just emerged from a dark forest to be standing
at the edge of a cliff.  A moment later, she was flying through the air
as her crotch exploded in incredible sensations.  It felt like a shiver,
but ten thousand times stronger - the most intense feeling of pleasure
she'd ever experienced.

	***

	The Master watched the young girl twitch against her bonds as she
moaned her way through what was probably her first orgasm.  His fingers
had never stopped their caresses, although they now concentrated almost
exclusively on her clit.

	When the shuddering and moaning girl lay still and silent, the
Master moved his hand back up to her flank as he maneuvered around
behind her.  He was already naked, and watching the girl get off had
brought his cock to life.  He watched as it bobbed up and down only an
inch away from the young girl's spread pussy.

	***

	Still flying in the clouds, the girl was vaguely aware as the hands
moved under her, back to her crotch.  She felt something else slippery
moving against her, but the pangs of intense pleasure caused by the
attention of the hand was too distracting to pay much attention.  Slowly
and distantly, she became aware of a pressure against her womanhood, but
the pressure eased off.  Tormented between the hand and the pressure
which seemed to come and go, the girl abandoned all thought and gave her
self over to the unbelievably good feeling.

	The pressure kept returning, pressing into her just until it began
to hurt before easing off, and coming back again.  Just as she fell from
the precipice into her second orgasm of the evening, the girl was
peripherally aware as the invading pressure lurched forward into her a
little, accompanied by a sharp but brief jolt of pain.  As colors
dazzled her eyes, and her mind exploded, the pressure's coming and going
became more insistent, pressing its feeling upon her.

	***

	The master watched the head of his cock sliding in and out of the
girl, her maidenhead having been broken in the throws of her second
orgasm.  With each stroke, he pushed his dick just a little bit further
into the girl before withdrawing.  There was no problem with lubrication
- he hadn't had one this juicy in a long time.

	It probably hadn't even really occurred to the girl under him that
she was being fucked, he thought.  One part of her probably knew that
something was in her pussy, and another part probably knew there was a
penis around, but he doubted she'd put it all together.  He smiled, as
his incremental advances brought him closer and closer to full
penetration.

	***

	The feelings from her crotch had banished everything else from her
mind, as she wallowed in the pleasure.

	Suddenly though, all sensation ceased, and she was left with only
the after-effect tingling, and a sensation of incredible fullness.  It
was at that moment, that her mind put it all together.

	SHE WAS BEING RAPED! her mind concluded, just as the sensation
recommenced, this time without the hand - only the incoming and receding
sensation in her.  Her mind struggled to reconcile the intense pleasure
emanating from the slow deep strokes into her pussy with the combination
of disgust shock and guilt at having lost her virginity like this.  One
part of her wanted to cry at the invasion, but somewhere, deep in her
gut, the rumblings of another orgasm made the whole thing not quite so
pressing....

	***

	The girl shook and mewled through yet another orgasm, shaking
against her bonds.  The feeling of her young cunt spasming around his
cock was too much, and he flooded her with his cum, groaning in
pleasure.  As her orgasm subsided, he withdrew his penis from her pussy,
watching it gape open for a second before closing slowly. Reaching for
the lube, he lathered up a finger and, using one hand to spread her ass
cheeks, he inserted it adroitly into her puckered asshole up to the
knuckle.  After working the lube in for a few seconds, he withdrew the
finger, and lined up his still-hard cock.

	***

	Still floating on a cloud in the land of post-orgasmic bliss, the
girl's state of nirvana was again interrupted, this time by the sudden
feeling of something slimy poking into her asshole.  She knew almost
nothing of the world of sex, but something very basic in her knew that
things ought not to go in that hole.  When the finger withdrew, and was
replaced by something larger pushing at her opening, she tensed up with
all her might to prevent it from getting inside her. Completely focused
on preventing entry to her ass, the girl was taken rather by surprise by
the voice which spoke softly alarmingly near to her ear.

	***

	"Don't fight it.... that will only make it hurt.  Just push" the
master whispered into her ear, feeling her react instinctively to his
voice.  The head of his cock slid into her incredibly tight backdoor. 
This was going to be good, he thought.

	***

	The voice had such a tender trustable quality to it that she obeyed
and tried pushing back against the invasion.  She was startled as she
felt her hole expand and the tip of what must again be his penis enter. 
Changing her mind, she tried to clamp down and expel him, but that made
it hurt.  The penis hadn't moved any further into her though, and the
pain was beginning to subside a little when the voice again instructed
her. "Push," the voice said.  Slowly, she relaxed and stopped trying to
bear down on the invader.  Her effort was rewarded by the return of the
hand to her side.  The touch was warm and reassuring, She pushed.

	***

	The master watched the remainder of his cock slide into the tight
ass of the girl under him.  He guided his hand around her side back down
to her wet crotched.  Who knows, he thought as he began to frig her, she
might even get off on this.

	***

	The hand had returned to her sex, and the girl was again caught
between the pleasure and not-quite-pain-but-not-quite-pleasure-either
feeling.  She could feel the penis coming into her, giving her an
incredible feeling of fullness, only to withdraw again.  The feeling was
like nothing she'd even felt before, and the guilt and disgust of
earlier was supplanted by a sort of morbid fascination with the
sensations being generated by her body at the hands of this stranger.
The movement of the penis in her ass sped up; the long, deep strokes
became faster harder thrusts.  She felt the fingers which had been
teasing her pussy zero in on her clit.

	***

	Unable to continue watching his cock sliding in and out of the cute
upturned teenage ass anymore, the master started slamming his dick into
the girl, grinding her hard into the bed as he unleashed a torrent of
cum into her rectum.  Just as the last spurts of his orgasm died, he
felt her ass constrict around his tool as the girl screeched through her
first anal orgasm.

	***

	This orgasm was substantively different than the others - much more
visceral and primitive in a whole-body sort of way, a detached part of
the girls mind concluded as she basked in the glow.  The penis had
stopped moving, and was shrinking until she felt it pull out of her
bottom.

	***

	She awoke in the morning, lying in her bed, smiling.  There was a
moment of un-conflicted happiness before the events of the night flooded
back into her mind.



	The end 
	
-----------------


	This story is dedicated to an old friend with an open mind, who I
hope is capable (if anyone is) of understanding the depths of my
depravity and not thinking too much less of me for it.


	So I've been busy, and this was not the best story, but I hope with
summer approaching I might have a little more time for this particular
hobby.  Getting the wonderful stories in my head onto the page is harder
work than I ever could have thought.

	As always, I love to hear from people - let me know what you
thought, suggestions, etc --  The_foxbat@hotmail.com


	Foxbat
