Shawn had seemed to enjoy his mouth before, Carlton muses, sucking away the bitter traces of ink. He wonders if a tattoo would have the same taste, doubts it, sucks harder anyway, not pretending that he’s doing anything but imagining sucking Spencer off. He’s not the liar here.

The liar gasps at that, reading his mind or just reproaching him for playing dirty. His eyes are still green, dark and wide, and for that Carlton draws back, biting once at the fingertips before lowering Spencer’s hand.

Shawn’s fingers immediately curl into his palm. Carlton takes that hand and slowly pushes it back to the shelf by Spencer’s head, not that Shawn is fighting him at all.

“Lass…Carl…” he pants, not finishing either word. Carlton licks at his lips, swallowing spit and ink, making himself smile even though he’s probably dying of some kind of ink poisoning. He can feel himself shifting, mirroring Shawn’s stance. He moves in, blocking even the small amount of light, and Shawn’s head comes up to watch him. Behind him are the…provisions…he’d seen fit to bring with him to the station, the bottle knocked onto his side.

“Getting quiet on me?” Carlton mocks, but his lips seek out Shawn’s ear, the stubble beneath it at his jaw. He can hear Shawn swallow, feel the small shudder rock through him when Carlton breathes out.

The clumsy, obvious wiggle a moment later is exactly like what Shawn had done last night to provoke him. Carlton tightens his grip, pushing forward again until he can feel just how aroused Shawn actually is. No amount of sarcasm can hide a hard on. He nearly looks down, nearly drops down like Spencer always does, because Spencer is already hard for him, stiff and straining against the fly of his jeans.

His hold slips for a moment, his mind red heat and thoughts of Shawn naked, sliding inside that ass. He lowers his head, rocking forward an inch and feeling his body respond. Shawn makes a tiny, weak noise, turning his head to make it again. He pushes back, but this time Carlton holds himself still.

He knows what Shawn would do, tease that he is. He’d push it. Carlton lifts his head, glaring into those green-for-today eyes when Shawn opens his mouth, tries to speak.

“By the Power of Greyskull, Lassi, just fuck me already.” It’s clear from the half-smile that he’s meant to take that as a joke. But, as Spencer has said, Carlton has an expressive face, and the image that sentence instantly conjures up is no doubt in his eyes. Shawn makes a sudden strangled sound in his throat, the kind of sound he’ll make when Carlton presses his face to that shelf and spreads his legs apart again.

For now he just considers, aware that they have barely done anything, barely moved at all, and he’s already on edge.

Carlton inches back, and for the first time feels Shawn test the hold on his wrists, a small push.

“Oh yeah, Lassi, do it!” Shawn yells, his voice shaking for all his bravado. If Carlton is supposed to be embarrassed into action, it’s not going to work. There’s a small scuffling sound in the distance, Guster making some frantic move, and then nothing.

Carlton arches an eyebrow pointedly, then bends his head to put his mouth over the hickey he’d marked Shawn with last night. Shawn jerks at the first hint of suction, the spot probably already sore, definitely hot against his tongue.

“Holy crap,” Shawn croaks. This one sounds more genuine. He flexes again, twisting his hips up in an attempt to get any sort of contact. Carlton moves his body back, shifts his mouth and sucks harder, making the hickey that much more obvious and unavoidable. His name will be smeared across Shawn’s hand, washed off in a matter of hours; this will be there for days, as long as it takes Spencer to recover his cool after what Carlton is about to do to him.

He steps back into Shawn’s space, tearing his mouth away from Shawn’s skin at Shawn’s relieved gasp, the squirming rub against him. Under his suit his body is humming, pricks of heat and need making him angle his head to bite another bruise into the other side of Shawn’s neck.

“Fuck,” Shawn swears, his dirty mouth always working, though his usual colorful curses seem to have disappeared. There’s sweat under Carlton’s palms, his hold on Shawn wet and slippery, and he’s not gone enough not to think that’s fitting.

Shawn pushes, always pushes, angling his hips to try to thrust against Carlton’s leg. His desperation makes Carlton’s gut tighten. He’s too hot to blush anymore, just pants into Shawn’s skin and enjoys the frustrated motions against him, the mumbled stream of complaints.

“Carlton…” the whine isn’t long in coming, not like Spencer will be, and even knowing that he’s making the kind of bad puns that Spencer would enjoy isn’t enough to stop him or change his mind.

Carlton breathes out, then says it while Spencer is shivering into him, pulling away just enough to watch his reaction.

“Shawn,” he whispers, and hangs on with everything he has when Shawn’s eyes immediately close. His body rolls up, and then he wets his lips and he can’t know that he’s being watched, or Carlton would never have seen that reaction.

The image of Spencer blindfolded is worse with this in front of him.

Shawn opens his eyes to frown, meeting his gaze instantly just to prove him wrong. His whole expression demands to know what Carlton is waiting for.

He could gag him instead; no need for a lookout if Shawn’s overly dramatic moans of ecstasy are already muffled by Carlton’s tie.

The dark, violent thought is unexpected, but his dick likes it. Carlton holds still, lets Shawn feel that. Shawn’s hands twitch in response, and now Carlton knows what he wants, what will happen if he lets go.

Shawn’s eyes sweep up and down, that focused expression he hides so well fading into something vague and hungry when he catches Carlton’s smile. Carlton uses his thigh, shoving Spencer’s legs open that much more, then pushes himself between them so even if Spencer wants to, he can’t get away without a struggle.

Then he lets go of his hands.

“Jesus.” It’s his turn to swear, forgetting himself for a moment at the fleeting hurt in Shawn’s face, the stunned, still way he holds himself. Being released is not what he wants, something Carlton had already known from the second he’d pressed Spencer face-first against that shelf and kicked his legs apart.

A moment later and the hurt is all gone, only need and a wicked grin on Shawn’s face as he moves them closer, running his free hands all over Carlton’s chest, undoing buttons with lightening speed.

Carlton grits his teeth, but the grunt slips out anyway. He shudders at the first hint of fingers on his bare skin, telling himself it can’t possibly ache to push himself away no matter how bruised he feels where Shawn’s hands are no longer touching him. They’re a heartbeat away from Shawn pouncing on him, taking over, and if nothing else, this is still his station.

“No.” His voice is rough, but he uses one hand to shove Shawn back. His other hand isn’t steady, not that Shawn seems to care. He watches it go to the knot in Carlton’s tie with a fixed expression, looking like he might collapse right there, might fall down and beg for it.

He might. Would. Has. The heavy thoughts are tangled together with the sight of Shawn’s wet, parted lips and the need throbbing through him.

The tie slides free with a slick, hushed sound. Carlton grabs one of the hands currently groping him and loops one end around it, over the wrist and under the other end. He pulls it without looking, holding their startled, serious eye contact, then takes Spencer’s other hand. He has a feeling that he’s managed to shock his so-called psychic, because there isn’t even one fake wriggle as Carlton binds his hands together and leaves a long strip of blue hanging from his wrists.

That part Carlton holds onto, wraps his fingers around it. He pushes out a breath, hears Shawn’s breathing hitch once more, and then Shawn’s arms are around his head and his arms are being crushed against the shelf as they both fall into it.

Shawn’s mouth is fierce, his stubble burning at Carlton’s lips and cheeks, like Spencer can’t decide whether to kiss him or talk. He does both. “Sweet pineapple Lassi,” he growls, yanking Carlton close, letting Carlton hold them both up. That it doesn’t exactly make sense doesn’t seem to matter.

Carlton gets his hands on Shawn’s hips, gets his shirt up at his waist, grasping wildly for too many moments as Shawn writhes against him. It’s tight, painful, clothes between them, but even with his hands bound Shawn is all over him. Carlton grunts, shifts, thrusting against Spencer’s hips, getting wet cotton and almost nothing of Shawn.

Another noise escapes him, but he gets a hand down enough to work the zipper. He can’t yank down his pants, not when his fingers are curling into Shawn’s stomach, but there’s air, cool and shocking on his cock, then the hot chafe of denim.

Without giving a crap about the fly, Carlton shoves down on Spencer’s goddamn jeans, wanting just enough skin to rub against. Shawn is instantly a squirming mess in his arms, his voice rising to ridiculous levels again.

“LassiLassiLassi,” he chants for the station to hear, sliding his hands down from around Carlton’s neck, reaching for his cock even while tied up. The first touch is slick and perfect, awkward angle and all. Hot sparks and flashes of yes, Shawn do it again in his brain. “Oh yeah,” Shawn agrees, making Carlton clench his jaw, because he hasn’t said anything.

“Come on, Lass,” Spencer goes on, as greedy and demanding as ever, as arrogant, too aware of how much Carlton wants him.

Carlton feels the line form between his eyes, shudders hard before he grabs a handful of silk and uses it to force Shawn’s hands away. From his hard, leaking dick. It’s the last thing he wants. And not for anyone else would he have put up with the bone-deep ache that takes hold of him.

He shivers, all over, hungry, almost closing his eyes at the way Shawn sighs against him, tries to bring his hands back.

“No,” he says again, fighting for air, and feels every tremble in Shawn’s body as he stops, holds himself still. There’s a line between his eyes too when he lifts his head, but his hips shift minutely as he studies Carlton. Thinks, plots, because there’s only one thing silence from Spencer can mean.

Carlton twists the tie and forces Shawn’s back and up, above his head this time. His arm is already straining, but like this all of Shawn is flush against him and Shawn is the one on fire.

The rookie from last night is totally gone; Carlton’s the one momentarily lost. He knows what he wants, how this game is supposed to go but he still has to make sure.

“You want this, Spencer?” His voice is high, strained, and he’s fully expecting to hear some long, condescending speech about Spencer’s dick or how easily Spencer could escape if he wanted to. But he needs to know, shivering at holding back for so long, acutely aware of every inch of stinging skin, how close he is to Shawn.

Somehow this is going to hurt, should hurt, and maybe in his flighty, idiotic, crazy brain Spencer hasn’t figured it out yet, just what this means, but so Carlton has to tell him, give him his rights.

Spencer just whines at him. If he can call it that. It’s honestly more a whimper, and right as Carlton thinks maybe it was a mistake, giving Shawn that much time to think, Shawn shifts again and Carlton feels his other hand dropping to pet over his stomach. It’s not calming. Shawn’s skin is hot, and his voice kicks up a few notches at the touch.

“Lassi,” he drags out the name, glaring when Carlton’s hand sweeps around his hip to his back. “Are you toying with me on purpose?” Disbelief makes his voice crack. Carlton pushes his fingertips into well-moisturized skin. Shawn wriggles a little, strong enough to make it obvious he’s not teasing, then his gaze goes up and down, directing with his just his eyebrows for Carlton to look at his erection and then maybe, to take care of it for him.

Carlton snorts, barely keeps his knees from bending.

“That’s rich, coming from you.” There’s sweat at Shawn’s back, Carlton traces it down his spine, keeping his gaze away so Shawn can’t read his face. His jeans are still an obstacle; he hasn’t even loosened one button at the fly. “You delight in teasing me.”

“Me?” Shawn snaps back, apparently going for innocent. When Carlton brings his hand around to get to that one button, Shawn yanks his hands downward, almost strong enough to get free. Carlton tightens his hold and slams them back where he wants them mostly on reflex, but stepping in to Spencer’s space, that’s deliberate. It feels so good he can feel it build in his chest before it slips out.

“Yes,” he growls, lets those sharp eyes sweep over him all they want. He pops the button, then lowers the zipper until the jeans give a little. Shawn freezes. Carlton looks up, lets their mouths come close to touching. Shawn licks his lips, proving his point. Even being right it’s hard to breathe, to not kiss him. “Isn’t that what you do?”

“Only a little.” There isn’t a smile at the admission, which makes it automatically suspect. Shawn licks his lips again, grinning this time when his tongue touches Carlton’s mouth, grinning when he doesn’t mean it. “Anyway, you’re one to talk, Lassipants,” he argues between quick gasps for air, “chasing me with that ring still on your finger.”

Carlton rears back, just an inch, feeling that fake smile and knowing Shawn probably meant him to. Then he refocuses, pulls his other hand off Shawn’s skin and smiling when Shawn makes a small noise of protest.

There’s a length of his tie he hasn’t used yet. Carlton ignores the wrinkles that would have had Victoria pissed and twists it around the corner support of one shelf. It’s not very binding. There are a few inches of slack, and the knot is loose, but he slides his hands down and smirks into Spencer’s face, enjoying the round eyes, the way Shawn swallows very, very carefully.

He takes a moment to take in the sight, to picture what it might look like with that same tie somewhere else, or tighter. Picturing Shawn on his bed like this. For a second he has to lower his hand, adjust himself. Shawn makes a strangled, wounded sound at that, lifts his head to meet Carlton’s gaze.

Shawn moves his arms, and Carlton lets him. With his eyes steady on Carlton, Shawn feels out just how much he can move and shivers when the silk shifts across his wrists. It gives him a few inches and nothing more, but he doesn’t say a single word, not one joke or quiet question about any damn lawyer or female con artists. He just splays his fingers out, a silent, helpless gesture, then curls them around the silk.

His shirt’s up, his pants open and shoved down. It’s not enough though, it’s not even close.

He takes both hands to touch Shawn, exploring his skin for the second time in twenty-four hours, his nearly naked body, not hesitating a moment to work the damn jeans out of his way, not needing to when Shawn instantly shimmies against him. Helping, or more likely, more driving him crazy.

The jeans and the shorts underneath fall somewhere around Spencer’s knees, after which Carlton stops giving a crap where they are. He takes his time, or at least, enough time to drive Spencer crazy right back, smiling at every jump of Spencer’s heart under his hands, each impatient twitch upwards. He doesn’t even bring his hands down to Shawn’s dick until the third or fourth time that Shawn says, “Lassi” and then it’s just to get Spencer’s voice back up where it belongs.

“Lassi!” The choked yell has to be heard in the hallway, and for a moment Carlton swears he hears something even louder, almost a song. He gathers pre-ejaculate in his palm, then slowly works Spencer’s dick. Not like he’d done in either bathroom, this time he’s gentle, light, perfect for making Spencer squirm like bait on a hook. He drags his fingers along the throbbing vein, brings them down to touch his balls.

“Lass,” Spencer tries again, a dry rasp against his cheek when Carlton leans in. Carlton lets their mouths come close to touching, then licks his lips. His own throat feels just as raw, tight with words held back, and he burns to be this slow with Shawn so close.

“What was that?” he manages to get out, not quite swallowing his gasp at how Shawn leans into him, stretching on his toes, how easily Shawn changes his answer.

“Carlton.” He gives in like there was never a discussion about anything else. Carlton’s other hand slips on his skin, his fingers squeezing over Shawn’s hipbone. He must have pushed, even if he can’t remember it, because suddenly Spencer’s back is to the shelf, and Carlton is flush against him, fitted tight between his legs.

This matters to Spencer. The thought is ringing in his ears like distant singing, makes his vision swirl like one too many Scotches. This matters to Shawn, possibly as much as it matters to Carlton.

He can feel a warm flush of guilt, the press of the ring still on his finger, but he lifts his head to devour Spencer’s smartass mouth, the push of his tongue an echo of the need driving him forward. He’s hot between Shawn’s thighs, rocking against damp, shivery skin, sliding his mouth down over his stupidly unshaven jaw so he can hear Shawn beg.

Shawn’s gasping, sucking in surprised, aroused lungfuls by the time Carlton gets his hands down to his ass, hailing him closer in a tangled, feverish crush. Sounds are escaping, not quite words, not much more than babbling, not that Carlton is laughing. He takes about half a second to get his pants down and then he’s got his hand around their dicks, the space between them is sweaty, raging hot, but not slick enough for what he wants. What he needs. Which is Shawn Spencer, five minutes ago.

“Lass,” Shawn tries, out of breath and uneven, jerking his head back, and even seeing the bottle out of the corner of his eye isn’t enough to stop Carlton’s answering growl. He pulls his hands away, following Shawn in as Shawn scrambles back against the shelf, pulling himself up by his fingers. His jeans are stuck somewhere by his feet, but he strains up again, getting his legs apart enough for Carlton to thrust between them.

Shawn’s shaking with the effort, but there’s nothing he more can do. With his hands tied, he can only feel what Carlton wants him to, the pressure of the shelf and Carlton’s body, not enough for his own release, but enough for Carlton’s if he wants.

For a moment he grips hard at Shawn’s hips, holding Shawn still, rubbing against him. Then he moves his mouth to Spencer’s throat, his fingers to the curve of his ass.

“Carlton, do it,” the plea rumbles against his lips. Shawn’s bare skin sticks to him, slides against him when Shawn pulls up again, bringing them together before Shawn has to let go.

It’s painful, needing Spencer so much, needing him like this, in his arms. Without fucking he could come. It’s so good his chest is tight and he can’t stop himself from reaching back between them, rewarding Shawn with a slow touch to his cock, liking how it jumps for him, pulsing with everything Spencer wants and refuses to say directly.

He sucks Shawn’s flesh into his mouth at the renewed chanting of his nickname, his name, as though it’s all Shawn can remember now. He’s making more bruises, more hickeys, more for Shawn to show everyone—the Chief, O’Hara, Guster, even Henry—that this matters after all. It must matter, for Shawn to react like this. If it doesn’t…

“Are you toying with me now, Shawn?” The question is sudden, dragged from him without his consent, and though he freezes, Shawn only continues to rock against him, his mouth letting out nothing but pineapples and oh yes yes Lassi pleases.

Carlton pulls back, a fraction of an inch from swollen, gleaming lips that instantly form a grin. He looks up, so close he’s almost cross-eyed, and sees Shawn Spencer, red-faced and smiling and not quite focused on him.

“And risk you…this?” His voice is thick, his recovery fast, but Carlton catches the mistake. He swallows, his breath easing out. Then he can’t control his mouth turning up into the same smile he’d felt the night on it before, staring at a shocked Shawn Spencer. “You’re my little Lassi sex machine,” Spencer goes on, too out of breath to sound light or hide his emphasis on one small word.

“Spencer…Shawn…” His heart is pounding enough to kill him; Shawn’s the same against his chest. Shawn’s gaze flies everywhere for a moment, as if he still wants to run, and Carlton’s sudden, seizing panic at the thought of Shawn leaving must be broadcasted on his face.

But he can’t look away, and Shawn can’t leave. He had hinted…dared…asked Carlton to tie him up. Was still daring…asking…telling Carlton the truth now with every ridiculous statement.

“Besides, you can hammer a six-inch spike through a board with your penis and a guy’s got to have his standards.” Shawn finally meets his stare, apparently completely serious.

Carlton could shake his head, could ask, but he doesn’t. His thumb twitches, brushing the head of Shawn’s cock, seeing stars at the stunned, struck expression Shawn doesn’t hide from him. He breathes, slowly in and out, and then squeezes Shawn’s dick, works it slowly in and out the circle of his fingers. Shawn falls back then shoves himself forward, needy and hot at the caress, at what it will mean when Carlton fucks him again, and Carlton feels his smile return. He keeps smiling, because he can’t stop, because when Shawn speaks, their mouths brush together, and he doesn’t care if it’s deliberate.

“Shawn…” he says at last, licking across that full lower lip, feels Shawn’s body jerk to attention beneath him. He groans and doesn’t care who hears. “…Against the wall.”

He moves before there’s more than a flash of comprehension in dazed, darkened eyes, stepping back enough to force Shawn around, his face to dusty boxes, his hands suddenly bound even tighter as the silk twists on itself.

“Crap,” Shawn swears, making Carlton worry; he’s a weirdo, a freak for wanting this, he’s hurt Shawn for real. Then Shawn is obviously bracing himself, turning his head as much as he can, as dirty-mouthed and serious as Carlton ever got on a case. “Fuck, Lassi. Now. Please.”

Carlton immediately splays his hands over the exposed small of Shawn’s back, gritting his teeth at the need to do more. Then he shrugs and steps forward anyway, pushing himself between the firm muscles of Spencer’s ass, just for a minute, holding himself there with clutching fingers, so close to coming he sees white for a moment.

Shawn jerks forward, then back. Carlton catches a mumble about him cheating again, and not even understanding, he scowls, swings his hand. It lands flat on one side of Shawn’s ass.

For a long moment, neither of them so much as breathes. Carlton can feel the hit echo through his palm, his fingers, knows that it was his left hand, that the ring Shawn hates probably left a mark on his skin.

He wets his mouth, not sure of what to say, what apology would be good enough, and then Shawn is twisting, rubbing himself shamelessly against whatever’s in front of him, metal, boxes, he doesn’t seem to care.

“Superfreak,” Shawn manages one word, then more, his voice rich, humming. “And I can be so naughty.”

Another dare. Carlton’s responding before he can stop himself.

He yanks Shawn back against him by his hips, drags a hand through the stupid, casual hair that’s soft with his conditioner. He pulls enough to get Spencer’s attention, to expose that throat, and then he can’t help moving his mouth over stubble, under one ear.

“You going to say it again, Spencer?”

“You going to smack my ass again?” Shawn actually sounds hopeful, dangerous, when Carlton’s palm is still tingling. The whip crack of the second slap is startling, the sound alone a bolt of heat right to his dick. It’s instantly warm under his hand, and Carlton imagines seeing Victoria while wearing this ring, knowing where it’s been.

He grins fiercely where Shawn can’t see, runs a touch over the spot, lets Shawn feel it.

“I don’t want to risk you,” Shawn repeats in short, startled fragments, shivering into him. It’s not what Carlton had been asking him to say, not at all, but he slides his hand around, touching Shawn’s stomach, working his fingers through the trail of hair leading to his cock.

Shawn sighs, his chest moving against him, tense muscles instantly relaxing. He ought to be worried, nervous, at what he’s admitted, at how Carlton has him trapped and tied up. He’d spanked him for Pete’s sake.

And Spencer had wriggled and groaned and loved it. Carlton had loved it too and Shawn knows it. It would be difficult to miss, even without seeing Carlton’s expressive features or feeling the way Carlton is breathing hard into his ear.

Maybe Shawn can read minds, or just Carlton’s. Maybe that’s just fine.

“You know what’s coming, Psychic?” Carlton growls, his teeth against Shawn’s earlobe. Shawn shakes, shuddering against his chest, grinding his ass into his cock. Carlton runs a thumb along the shaft, under the head. Shawn’s motions get momentarily weaker, the tie and Carlton the only things keeping him on his feet.

Carlton likes that too, does it again to have Shawn weak and needy for him.

“Bananas in Pajamas I hope it’s me.” Spencer turns, offering one sly, coy glance that beats anything Carlton had seen on the floor of any bathroom. He talks like his chest is constricted, like Carlton is killing him.

It’s a battle to tear his hands away, a fight to do anything with Shawn spread-eagled against a wall and asking for it.

His chest is burning, his hands trembling. He curls them into fists once they’re empty, then swallows air and jerks back into clumsy motion.

Carlton grabs the bottle, changes his mind. He rips the condom packet open with his teeth, his skin on fire as he gets it on, fumbles it on. Shawn can’t see, but he knows, not that he’s laughing either. The sound is more like moaning.

“Carlton.” His breathing hitches, his voice rising when he sees Carlton finally grab the bottle. The lid tumbles open too easily, exploding pineapple-flavored lube down Spencer’s lower back, his ass.

“I’ll…joke about you…spilling your load…later,” Shawn promises, ducking his head, then lifting it back up when Carlton runs fingers through the mess and glances a touch down the crack of his ass.

Instantly Shawn’s back is straight, his arms yanking down on Carlton’s tie. Carlton’s eyes follow the flex of muscle back up, going wide to see Shawn’s fingers curled around metal and silk.

“Lassi, don’t tease me.” He’s loud, demanding, and Carlton leans in, his mouth open at the back of Shawn’s neck as he works a finger inside, finds Shawn still somewhat loose.

“I don’t want to hurt you,” Carlton gets out, but he’s already sliding in another finger, gritting his teeth because Shawn feels amazing and his cock remembers.

“Too late,” his psychic tells him, gasping when he’s not choking out his nickname, pushing back as though sensing Carlton’s frown. “Please, Lassi, hurt me some more,” he murmurs, absolutely insane. Trying to be funny, or to drive Carlton insane too.

“Too late,” Carlton grunts into Shawn’s skin, answering his own thought because Shawn already knows it, inhaling fake pineapple and sweat, his conditioner.

He hooks his fingers, strokes Spencer’s prostate just to make him whimper, make him make that angry, helpless sound in his throat. His liar, honest and begging for it.

He wonders if Spencer has sweated on his tie, if now the silk will never break, if he can keep Shawn like this forever. If his heart can take it if he does.

He slides his fingers out, adds another before stroking again. Shawn is beyond wriggling now, pulling the silk to drag himself up and down, fucking Carlton’s fingers when Carlton doesn’t move fast enough, and still it’s not enough. Not for either of them.

Carlton scoops more lubricant into his free hand, moves it slick and sweet to Shawn’s chest, his nipples and then down.

He grabs Shawn’s cock again, jacks it like he wants Shawn to come now, and come hard, growling and ready to hammer a six-inch spike through concrete at the way Shawn is shaking, words streaming out like the fluid pulsing from his dick onto Carlton’s fingertips.

“Please, just… Oh yes. Yeah, Lassi come on, do it!”

Whoever’s listening outside can take that and shove it. Carlton shuts his eyes, shakes off the drama, the volume. He wants real. All of it.

“One more time,” Carlton orders harshly, panting, burning.

“Carlton,” Shawn says his name, psychic enough to give it to him, his voice rough, real. “Come on.”

He grips at the shelf when Carlton pulls his hands away, puts them lower. It has to hurt, the hold he has on the metal, but he only squirms when Carlton pauses to catch his breath, to control himself.

When he pushes in, Shawn is all whispers and then one sweet, long whine for more.

Carlton’s balls deep before Shawn shuts up, too dizzy to think about any kind of control. It’s Shawn who moves, eager and impatient, sliding forward, and then back, screwing Carlton for one heady moment before Carlton can press him back to the shelf.

He pushes, keep him there. He sucks once more at the back of his neck before he says it, says, “Shawn” and then starts to fuck Shawn while the shiver at his name is still working its way down Shawn’s body. He feels that shiver around his cock.

Shawn’s body is soft, moisturized skin and surprising muscles, small patches of hair. Carlton gropes it more with each thrust, feels ribs and hips, the collarbone, his stomach, then he hitches them closer and puts a hand to Shawn’s waiting cock. Shawn only moves his head back, arching a throat Carlton wishes he could bite.

He wonders if Shawn can feel his ring, hopes he can. He wants to know he made Shawn come with it on.

He grunts, moving faster, rough and not caring. Shawn wants it, likes it like he likes Carlton, for whatever lunatic reason. “Fuck,” Carlton swears seriously, digging his fingers into Shawn’s side, squeezing his dick until he’s whimpering. In his mind there’s just that name. “Shawn,” he says, shuts his eyes because he doesn’t know how loud he’s being. He really is going to have to hope Guster is handling this, because he still doesn’t care enough to stop.

It’s his station anyway. His station and his Spencer.

“Shawn,” he says again, losing himself in the crushing black heat around his cock, the sweet scents in his nose. The only music he can hear is the irregular moans from Shawn, sounds that aren’t even words, ragged and real. Shawn wants him, can’t hide it. Shawn wants him, and had wanted him to know how much.

He needs more ties, needs enough to keep Shawn in his bed for years.

His chest rumbles, and he’s knows he’s speaking, decides he doesn’t give a crap what he’s saying. Spencer can as good as read his mind anyway.

“Yeah,” Shawn answers immediately, bowing his head. His skin is damp, and somewhere, he has Carlton’s name—Spencer’s name for him—written on him.

Lassi. He can say it whenever he wants, surround it with little girly hearts, Carlton doesn’t care.

Carlton opens his mouth, panting harshly against the collar of the green shirt, scraping out words to try to say that against the bump of Shawn’s spine, up into the bruises he’s already left. He grunts, and at the lick of his tongue, the hint of teeth on his soft, soft skin, Shawn is arching back against him, saying his name, groaning, coming.

Carlton feels the dick in his hand stiffen and pounds harder into Spencer at the hot flood into his hand, the flexing muscles around his cock.

There’s too much heat, bolts of light down his spine, he jerks, pulling Shawn to him, and whatever he’s saying is making Shawn laugh, even as he’s twitching and gasping out breathlessly, ropes of come still spilling onto dusty shelves.

“Come on, Lass, believe in the power of Gus.” Whatever that means, Carlton slides a shaky hand to Shawn’s ass, grips him harder, growling fiercely when Shawn lets him.

“Mine, Spencer,” he grinds out, fully inside Shawn’s sweet body. “You’re my psychic,” he pushes the words through his teeth, hot all over when Shawn stops. “Got it?” His hold is too much, punishing when Shawn doesn’t deserve it this time, but at the little hitch in Shawn’s breathing, he stutters, struggles for air, thrusts into that black.

He sees stars. Little flashing stars that look kind of like fireworks. They spell out a name he’s not likely to forget, shift into little people with wings.

He snorts at the thought, realizes at the same time that his thinking is muddled because he must have come. Everything is warm, especially the damp, familiar body beneath his. He shivers, lingering stars still in front of his eyes. The little people are hammering. With their penises. Which makes his insanity official.

“Spencer?” he wonders when he get his mouth to work. His bones are heavy, his skin alive. His fingers are rubbing gently into Spencer’s back and sides, swirling small circles, blind hearts.

“Shawn,” Shawn corrects him—breathing hard, Carlton is happy to hear. He opens one eye, grunts.

“Shawn,” he agrees, then starts into awkward motion, moving the second he sees that he’s leaning against Shawn, who he left bound and tied to a shelf. Standing up leaves him with a twinge in his back, pulling out makes him flinch, but that’s nothing compared to how uncomfortable Shawn must be.

It’s almost a relief to find he can still blush, but his face is definitely hot as he rolls the condom off and does his best to tie it. His hands are slippery and he smells like he took a bath in pineapple Schnapps. He wipes them on the sides of his shirt where his jacket will hide the stains, then reaches up, looking back at Shawn at the same time, blinking to find Shawn facing him, his tie dangling from only one wrist, neither end still looped around the shelf.

“How did you…?” he starts, then abruptly stops. Spencer does jazz hands at him and attempts to look mysterious. Carlton restrains himself, sweeping a quick look over the infuriating, tricky liar he might as well call his boyfriend, considering those hickeys. The rest of the station probably already is.

His stupid hair is still a mess, now so is the rest of him. His throat bitten and bruised, his stomach gleaming with lube and semen.

Carlton jerks his attention to that and Shawn calmly reaches over and into Carlton’s coat pocket, smoothly pulling out the handkerchief he knows Carlton carries there. Then he cleans himself off without even a hint of embarrassment.

If anything, he looks smug, too intense for someone who lies for a living. He stares directly into Carlton’s face as he finishes and pulls down his shirt, hums along to the music at the same time. He stares like he’d just gotten a suspect to admit what he’d “known” all along, stares like he has something he wants to ask anyway.

He puts a hand up to scratch his nose, and Carlton sees the smeared remnants of his name, which, along with those hickeys, are really going to make it obvious to anyone with eyes that Spencer was just fucked, and by whom.

Carlton reaches up to tug at the tie that isn’t around his neck anymore.

Shawn grins and holds up his hand, displaying the wrinkled blue silk of his expensive gift from his wife. He almost can’t believe what he did with it, except that he can. Carlton swallows as it all comes back to him, a flashing series of snapshots, video, dirty, dirty porn, making Shawn beg, tying him up, spanking him, and he should be wondering what had come over him, but he knows.

“Actually, I came all over myself, mostly.” Spencer is still smug, still not-psychic but somehow all-knowing. Carlton snatches his tie out of reflex and then gentles his touch, pulling a finger though the loose knots and sliding it off Shawn.

He grunts when it’s in his hand, then looks back to check for red marks on Shawn’s wrists. There are a few, none dark enough to be bruises. Not that it matters, he supposes, not with “hurt me some more” still in the air between them, almost as high and ringing as Guster’s voice outside the door.

Carlton blinks, then angles a look sideways, toward the sound of what has to be a medley from Diva Classics coming from outside in the hall, as sung by Burton Guster, pharmaceutical rep and assistant fake psychic. For a moment, Carlton is convinced he really is suffering from ink poisoning. That Guster is singing to cover the sounds they were making still doesn’t explain why he was singing that, or why he knows all the words.

Carlton listens for a moment, then lets out a startled breath when Shawn steps into his space, pushing them both back against the other shelf behind Carlton. He’s got his hands in Carlton’s hair the next second, always in his hair, though this time he’s smoothing it down. He still can’t breathe evenly.

Carlton grunts again, warm at the contact, and catches part of a grin.

“So why did you get that CD?” he wonders, clearing his throat at his husky voice. It’s a little strange to hear a man singing Judy Garland, but Guster’s voice actually isn’t bad, and when he pauses for a moment, Carlton would swear that he hears applause.

“Dude.” The tone says it should be obvious, and maybe it is. It is Judy Garland. But Shawn drops his hands without stepping away and moves onto to something else. “Lassi,” he begins, and the nickname is anything but annoying.

Carlton works his jaw anyway, for his pride, and receives a pat on his shoulder for his trouble. He tries to tell himself it isn’t pity for being so slow; after all, Shawn had just poured his soul out while letting Carlton fuck him. He’s also not exactly steady on his feet.

But it feels like pity. Carlton frowns, and Shawn leans back in to almost press their mouths together. It must be his favorite thing to do, after jumping into Carlton’s lap. Carlton just puts an arm around Shawn’s waist, keeping him upright.

“Did you just trick me into sneaking into the records room so you could have your wicked way with me?” Shawn asks him, evidently serious. Carlton tries to look into his eyes, but they’re too close.

“Hardly a trick with what you had in your pocket.” He snorts, not quite answering the question and knowing Shawn will notice. Since the man immediately pulls slightly away, he must have.

Then he grins, so wide and bright it could light the room. Carlton can already feel his ears getting hot.

“Lassi,” Shawn tells him in a creepy accent that Carlton feels like he’s supposed to recognize. His guard goes up, a long-standing Spencer habit, but Shawn continues looking self-satisfied—and not moving. “People will say we’re in love.”

Going still isn’t exactly the best reaction. Carlton unfreezes himself enough to lick at his lips and lift his chin. Whatever it is, a joke, something more serious, it’s too late to pretend he doesn’t feel anything.

When Spencer’s grin only gets bigger, Carlton pokes a finger into his chest, right into the even-more-wrinkled-now green alligator shirt and knocking Spencer off balance. Once he sees the fleeting hurt and surprise, Carlton can’t help himself; he’s got Shawn against the shelf and staring back at him.

“You think I do this with anyone?” he counters and kisses all the smartass right out of that mouth. Hard, open-mouthed, forceful, all the things he has to be to get Shawn’s attention, catch him off guard. Shawn straightens and kisses him back with a small moan of approval, his hands in Carlton’s hair, undoing all the work he just did to get it flat.

“Not anymore,” Shawn drags his mouth away to deliver that line, as serious as before, a lingering worry behind his eyes. Then he ducks his head to hide it and works his lips over Carlton’s skin, sucking lightly at his throat where the collar has come undone, where there should have been a tie. He’s mumbling. “But I’d know if you did.”

Despite everything, despite knowing it’s a distraction so Carlton won’t see how worried Spencer really is, Carlton lets out a small groan, has to force himself away. Guster is still singing, because they are still at the station. They are at the station, he reminds himself, and this is bad enough without trying for a second round.

He looks down, because he can’t look at Shawn without wanting more. That’s weird, he thinks instantly, twisting his ring then ripping his hand away. It’s obsessive to want someone this much, and Spencer is going to think he’s a freak just like Victoria had if he can’t control himself.

Carlton bends down, grabbing the fallen tie in one hand and then shoving it in a pocket before grabbing Spencer’s jeans and lifting them up. It’s not like Spencer should be doing any bending anytime soon, he tells himself, still avoiding meeting those changing eyes.

While Shawn is zipping up his fly, Carlton grabs his pants and stands up. The jangle of his belt is too loud. He twitches at the noise, but buckles it and tucks in his shirt. When he straightens, he can see one condom and an empty bottle of lube on one shelf.

He grabs them quickly and shoves those in his pocket with his tie. Shawn sticks the dirty handkerchief in his jeans pocket, out of sight. Even with that, he looks recently fucked. Even without the wrinkles and the bruises, he looks it. He’s grinning again. That might be the reason. Even blushing, Carlton feels his lips quirk up smugly.

“Seemed like a good idea considering that look you’re always giving me,” Shawn remarks out of absolutely nowhere, but he has to clear his throat too.

Carlton narrows his eyes, attempts to backtrack to figure out what the hell Shawn is on about, then gives up, focuses on what he needs to know now. “What look?”

Shawn breathes out, and hums along with Guster. Carlton shifts to glare at him, crossing his arms.

“That one,” Shawn bounces, shivers, “all private violence and public sex. Superfreak.”

“No!” Carlton snaps before his mind can linger on the last part, as though it’s his fault that Shawn is constantly dragging him into closets and bathrooms and tents. “No more public sex, Spencer. Especially not in the station, not again.”

There’s a scowl and an opened mouth.

“Ever,” Carlton adds, fully aware that he’d started this encounter, aware that Spencer is just as aware. But the psychic’s mouth shuts, and then he scrunches his nose. His expression returns to speculation.

“What about foreplay?” he argues and when Carlton closes his eyes and groans, he keeps going, killing Carlton with every word. “Teasing? Light touching? What about kissing? Tongues?” Like Shawn can’t get enough either, can’t even shut up about it.

Weirdo. Carlton thinks, maintaining his scowl with effort. Excepting his first major collar, it’s possible he’s never been so happy. Not even with Victoria.

At the thought, he feels a hand in his coat, looks down in time to see Shawn steal the tie and slip it into his own pocket. Carlton lifts his eyebrows, but knows he’s not going to ask why, or why Spencer picks pockets. It might give him a heart attack, and he has to work for the rest of the day, pursue justice, catch a very bad man. Not fantasize about what his boyfriend does with his ties when he’s not around.

“I have to get back to work,” he says, to say something, and Shawn’s expression doesn’t change. It’s a mix of hopeful waiting and insanely pleased knowledge. An odd medley only made worse by the fact that Shawn is quiet.

Shawn Spencer isn’t meant to be quiet. It’s unnerving.

“He’s very dangerous,” Carlton goes on, too loudly. “It’s very important.” He buttons his collar and then immediately unbuttons it when it feels too tight.

“Not to get fifth grade on you, Lassifoo, but…duh.” Shawn waves a hand dismissively, but still doesn’t move. “Gus and I have work to do too.”

Carlton waits, but doesn’t hear anything following that about mani-pedis or cartoons or sushi. And Shawn still isn’t moving or hopping off into more crazy shenanigans. Whatever he is standing there expecting to hear, he’s not going to get it.

“I’m not joking,” Carlton insists, pops another button and tries not to fidget when Shawn’s attention momentarily drops to the amount of chest he knows he’s revealing now. “He’s smart and dangerous and I need you to…”

He hesitates when Shawn grins, then he decides to try again, wondering just when everyone had stopped being intimidated by him. Next thing McNab will want to talk more with him too.

“You and Guster stay here while O’Hara and I track him down.” He has a feeling, no, he knows Spencer will follow him anyway, but he has to issue the warning.

“Or else what?” Shawn lifts one eyebrow to match his smile, then reaches out to arrange Carlton’s shirt to his liking. Carlton looks down, sees his chest hair on display and slaps Shawn’s hands away. Great. Now his face will be red when he leaves.

A second later he can feel an answering smile on his face and frowns to quash it while he rebuttons his shirt.

“Is that an order?”

“Shawn…” Carlton doesn’t make the mistake of leaning in to growl it, but it’s tempting. “You stay where it’s safe,” he actually gives an order, hears himself, what he’s admitted. His ears are starting to burn now. Shawn’s insanely pleased smile gets even wider.

“I will if you will, Lassi.” His answer is practically a whisper, serious enough for Carlton to worry again. He stares, looks suspicious while he tries to figure out what that had meant, then finally moves. He has a job to do, Spencer doesn’t. And as smart as Shawn is, confronting the bad guys just isn’t it. He should stay put.

“But we owe it to Samantha,” Shawn offers earnestly and his psychic crap is getting annoying. Carlton is about to snap back at him to keep his idiot butt safe when his memory clicks back on Samantha Sigerson, naughty schoolgirl stripper.

Carlton knows he fails to keep his embarrassment off his face and just clears his throat.

“I have to leave first,” Carlton rolls his shoulders, changes the subject. From the sound of things, Miss Ross definitely has an audience out there and Carlton’s the one with a legitimate reason to be in this room. Shawn just nods, smiling innocently.

Carlton glares some more at that, unease and a history of Shawn getting into trouble making him pause. But Shawn gives every indication of patience, so Carlton takes a few cautious steps toward the door.

He can just make out Guster’s silhouette; it looks like he’s dancing. Huh. He might actually believe that no one outside would have paid the slightest attention to what might have happened in this room.

Carlton stops to take a last look at himself, half turns to look back and feels the sudden pressure of Shawn behind him, his heat in front of him when he turns the rest of the way.

A hand rests on his shoulder, another lands gently on his chest where his tie should have been. Shawn is still unsteady on his feet, well-fucked and wrung out from orgasm. Carlton’s hands come up to hold him automatically, close around him to keep him steady

Shawn falls almost drunkenly against him, his breath warm on his face. The air around him smells sweet and sexy at once, and Carlton’s pretty sure he’s never going to be able to think about pineapples the same again.

His wide, green-for-today eyes are watching him, staring into his face and Carlton thinks, again, that Shawn is waiting for something.

He looks him over as much as he can, up and down, making sure he’s alright, disregarding the messy clothes, knowing Shawn wants them that way, that that part of him is for public display.

What isn’t, what he sees because Shawn wants him to, is the need keeping him glued to Carlton’s chest. Carlton frowns and whatever’s on his face now makes Shawn give a tiny shake and push against him more.

Carlton moves a hand up to his shoulder, sees his wedding ring and then drops it, knowing that Shawn saw it. He bites back words, also knowing that he’s saying the wrong ones, like always.

“If he starts singing I’m Coming Out, do I need to worry?” He jerks his head in Guster’s direction, tries a smile a moment later to show it’s a joke, his chest tight. Shawn’s expression goes startled and then abruptly blank. Then he tosses his head.

“I think you’re the one we need to worry about.” Shawn arches both eyebrows up, not quite insinuating anything, and making Carlton into some sort of…slut…at the same time, when Spencer had started all of this, approaching some kid lawyer when Carlton had obviously wanted him.

He opens his mouth, pokes Shawn in the shoulder, ring or not.

“I didn’t cheat on my wife, Spencer, why would I cheat on you?” he huffs, shuts his mouth so suddenly at the way Shawn goes smug that his jaw actually hurts for a moment.

As though that’s all he needed, Shawn lets out a breath and mutters something under his breath that Carlton can’t really hear. Something about Henry always being right in the end.

He steps back at the end of it, eyeing Carlton up and down like letting go is the last thing he wants to do. If Carlton weren’t used to feeling confused around Shawn, he’d be irritated. He’s still irritated, but he can deal with it.

“See you tonight, Lassi,” Spencer promises him, the fabric of Carlton’s shirt catching on his fingers as he releases him.

He’s in the shadows when Carlton opens the door, so possibly he doesn’t see the group of five people standing around and clapping as Guster does what’s really a very good impression of Diana Ross.

The man stumbles for a moment at seeing Carlton, and Carlton stares back at him for one breathless moment. Then Guster nods shortly and turns back to his audience, bowing at the end of his song.

Carlton blinks, resists the urge to put a hand to his warm face. The audience ignores him anyway, complimenting Guster as they start to disperse. A moment later and they’re all gone.

“Nice singing, Guster,” Carlton remarks calmly as he closes the door and heads quickly toward the stairs. It’s his way of saying ‘thank you’ that he doesn’t comment on how well Guster imitates a gay icon.

He stops in the stairwell after turning the corner, hearing the familiar back and forth patter of Spencer and Guster, reunited. It’s nearly as soothing as the music of work upstairs, something he can also hear distantly.

He puts his hands to his face, waiting for his flush to fade, feels the pressure of the gold ring on his cheek. He freezes, brings his hand down only to twist at the ring on his finger, thinks of Shawn’s fingers, covered in smeared ink. A moment later the ring is off, his skin tingling where it used to be. It doesn’t hurt, it isn’t going to bruise, but people will still see, still wonder.

Carlton stares at it then shoves it into his coat pocket.

Without any audience, without possibly knowing Carlton is still around or what he’s done, Shawn abruptly bursts into a vaguely familiar song, Guster joining him a startled moment later. It’s some kind of duet about promiscuity, with Shawn of course singing the girl’s part. They sound horrible together, something that is probably mostly due to Shawn. Carlton shudders, and then flinches when he hears his name.

“See you tonight, Lassi,” Shawn says again, though more than likely they will see each other again at a tattoo parlor before then. He calls it out for the world to hear and then resumes singing his terrible song, you know what I want, and I got what you need and I’m all yours, what you waitin’ for.

If he hadn’t already been wrapped around Spencer’s finger, he still would have said it’s a sound he could get used to hearing everyday. Which is weird, not that he cares.

With that, Carlton starts back upstairs, tapping his hand on his leg to the beat. It’s a little too loud, but it blends in with the sounds of the station like it’s meant to, echoes like a heart pounding against his chest.

The End