Teasing my coworkers
by Exhibitionist_Couple

Teasing my Coworkers pt.2

Introduction:
Mary keeps finding herself in erotic scenarios, and doesn't know what to do next.
Mary's heart was racing as she rushed into Eddie's room, all while contemplating the possible repercussions if her husband found out what happened with Joseph. She was still in disbelief that things had went as far as they did, and she knew she had to make sure that things didn't go any further. There had been a few other incidents in the past with other guys, but so far she'd been lucky that her husband never heard about any of them... but with Eddie having a video of her lying in bed with Joseph, she felt like her luck might finally be up. Clutching her towel up against her body, she sternly told Eddie "please, this isn't funny! You have to delete that!". Eddie chuckled as he turned toward her with a smile and said "don't worry, no one else will see it... it can be our secret, hubby doesn't need to find out... right?".

Mary could tell by his choice of words and tone that he was suggesting she would have to do something in order for him to delete it... and she had a good idea what he wanted. "Eddie, I made a mistake and I'm sorry... but I'm not going to make another, I'm not going to let you fuck me". Eddie once again chuckled and said "don't worry, I'm not going to blackmail you for sex". Mary was both relieved to hear that, and confused... "will you please delete the video then?" She asked, starting to calm a bit until Eddie said "I can delete the video... if you can remove that towel... seems fair, doesn't it?". Mary didn't know what to think or say... she felt like she was in over her head, and she hated that the idea of being blackmailed into showing her naked body to Eddie was turning her on as well... she hesitated in deep thought before asking "if I let you look at me naked, you promise to delete the video?". Eddie gave her a wink and said "of course... I wouldn't force you into fucking me", to which Mary replied "no, you'll just force me into showing you my tits". Eddie chuckled and then replied "amongst the rest of your sexy body".

Mary started to calm down more, realizing that she wouldn't have anything to worry about once the video was deleted... and the exhibitionist in her was growing excited at the idea that he would go this far too see her naked. She tried to act reluctant as she slowly responded "ok... as long as you delete the video... you promise you'll delete it?". Eddie quickly and playfully responded "cross my heart" as he flashed her a smile and looked her up and down. Mary acted reluctant again and said "my husband will kill me if he found out...", all while getting turned on knowing she was going to display herself for Eddie... she was already nude besides the one towel preventing his view, and she then said "fuck it, I guess it's not that big of a deal" as she tossed the towel on the bed... she stood there and watched his eyes devour her chest as she told him "No one better hear about this either". She tried to hide the fact that she was aroused, and that she noticed the bulge in his shorts told her he was too.

Eddie tried to play it cool as he stated "wow... I didn't really think you'd do it... I would have deleted the video, I was just teasing you", as he smiled at her pierced nipples. Mary felt her heart jump and her pussy swell as she told him "you're such a jerk... will you delete the video now?". Eddie noticed that even after he told her he was just kidding, she still stood there fully exposed... and he got the impression that she was enjoying it. "Are you pierced anywhere else?" He asked while looking toward her crotch. Mary knew why he asked and replied "I'll let you check for yourself if you delete the video now"... she realized she had said it in a seductive tone, which was unintentional but not unnoticed by Eddie, as he showed her the video on his phone and then deleted it in front of her. Mary let out a small sigh and then smiled as she said "Thank you", to which Eddie replied "I didn't make a video of you to get you in trouble. I never planned on showing it to anyone... after I fucked Christina, I saw you fucking Joshua last night... and I walked in this morning hoping to see more of you".

Eddie noticed she was breathing heavily, and seemed aroused as he reached out and rubbed one of her nipple rings, testing her to see how she'd react as he gave it a slight tug. Mary bit her lip and told him "I guess that's fair... I did watch you cum last night after she sucked your cock". Eddie chuckled as he braved rubbing her nipple slightly and asked "you saw that?... did it turn you on?". Mary let out a heavy sigh as she nodded her head, and Eddie started to caress her breast. She started to get nervous that things were going to go to far again, just like they had the previous night... she told him "maybe I should get dressed now" in between heavy breaths, but still doing nothing to stop him from playing with her tits. Eddie quickly responded "I still need to check you for additional piercings" as he moved closer against her, gently pushing her against the bed so she started to lay down... Mary looked at the door to see if Joshua was awake, and then back at Eddie as she lifted her knees and spread her legs to show him her most intimate spot. "I guess this is what you were wanting to see... it's not pierced though"

Eddie rubbed his cock through his shorts with his right hand, and slid his hand against her slit, amazed by how wet she was. She threw her head back and shuddered as she felt a couple fingers slip inside of her, and grew more concerned she would be getting fucked again soon... or maybe she was hoping she would... she didn't know what to think anymore. She looked back toward Eddie who was pulling his shorts down, and watched as his cock sprung up... she reached between her legs and started to gently rub her clit as she watched him grip his cock and slowly stroke it... but managed to say "we need to stop, I shouldn't be doing this". Eddie smirked at her and said "you shouldn't have let Joshua fuck you either... why not let me now too?". Mary knew he was right, and at this point did it really even matter? Eddie leaned between her legs and started smacking his cock against her pussy before saying "Besides, it's what you want... isn't it?".

Mary knew that how she responded next would decide on whether Eddie fucked her or not... and he was right, she did want him to. She hesitated a moment as she looked into his eyes, and that down toward his cock that was rubbing up and down her slit, and then softly said "oh my God, I'm such a fucking slut". Eddie gave his infamous smirk as he started to line the head of his cock at the entrance to her pussy, knowing he had her where he wanted her, when all the sudden her phone started ringing in the other room... and she knew based on the ring tone that it was her husband. It snapped Mary out of the horny drunken spell she was under, and Eddie could instantly see the change on her face. In almost an act of desperation he pushed the head of his cock inside of her, but barely penetrated her before she jumped back and raced into the other room to answer the phone.

Mary answered the phone with heavy breaths as she noticed Joshua was looking at her from the other bed... obviously the phone had woke him up. Bradley asked over the phone "good morning, honey. Why are you breathing so hard?". Mary answered "I was racing from the shower to answer the phone, I didn't want to miss your call". Bradley replied "oh, well I just wanted to let you know I'm about to board the plane and head that way. Can you have the front desk hold a key for me?". "Of course" she replied as she saw Eddie walk into the room, now wearing shorts again... she put her finger up to her lips to signal for them to be quiet, suddenly remembering she was currently nude in front of both of them. "Great, I have a couple of fun things planned for a naughty trip tonight, so I hope you'll be ready once you're done at the conference" he said in a playful tone. Mary smiled, but also felt a tinge of guilt as she told him "I'll be sure to be ready, I'm looking forward to it!". Bradley let her know he had to go as they traded "I love you" to end the call, and Mary looked at the two guys in the room who were currently smiling and staring up and down her body.

Mary didn't bother to try to cover up as she told them "look, anything that has happened is over. My husband is on the way, and we need to work professionally with each other... so let's forget about everything that happened, and get ready for the conference. We need to put this behind us and move forward like it never happened, understand?". Eddie looked disappointed as he said "maybe I can fuck you once before we do all that?". Mary rolled her eyes, despite liking the attention and how much he wanted her, and then responded "you guys go get ready for work, I need to shower and get ready as well... and seriously, I don't want to see any winks or smirks or anything... things stay professional between us from here on out". Mary realized the irony in what she was saying, and the fact that her tits and ass were still on display for them... and their blatant staring at they soaked in the view of her body wasn't going unnoticed either. She had always wanted to expose herself to them, but never planned or expected things to get out of hand like they did. Joshua acknowledged he heard her as he grabbed his clothes, smiled, and walked out of the room... Eddie walked up to her and whispered "I'll stay professional and end things for now... but eventually I'm going to fuck you" as he gave her a small peck on the lips and then turned around and walked out the room.

Mary wasn't sure how to react to that... was that a threat? A promise? Should she be upset, because now she was just aroused with the idea of him using her body for his gratification... but she reminded herself she had to end things now before her husband arrived... she couldn't risk him finding out. She closed the shared adjoining door and went to take a shower... but while in the shower all she could think about is how Joshua and Eddie stared at her... how Joshua had fucked her, and Eddie was just about to as well. She rubbed herself thinking about everything that had happened, and wondered if they were doing the same thing while they showered thinking about her. It was probably a good thing Bradley was coming so she had a reason to put an end to things... but part of her wished she maybe had another day or two alone... but she knew it was best to end things now, even if the idea of both of them using her made her cum during her shower. She took her time to put on her makeup before walking out to get dressed, only to find both Eddie and Bradley sitting on the bed, fully dressed for work and smiling at her.

Mary briefly covered her chest in shock before dropping her arms and asking "what are you guys doing in here? I'm not dressed!". It was obvious she had no qualms with allowing them to continue to look at her as Joshua said "the door wasn't locked, so we just came over to see if you were ready". Eddie added "I have to admit, I was hoping you weren't". Mary rolled her eyes and said "seriously guys, things can't go further than this, we need to stay professional... you can't just walk in here when Bradley is here". Joshua spoke up "we know, no more touching... we just wanted another look before it all ended". Mary was flattered that they enjoyed looking at her so much, it made her feel special and sexy... she giggled a bit and said "I guess it doesn't matter now... but once I'm dressed, no more comments, jokes, flirting... everything stays professional on the job, understand?". Eddie replied "of course" as Joshua answered "understood", and Mary tried to act like she wasn't getting aroused by her coworkers gawking at her as she took her time picking out what she would wear for the day (despite already knowing), all while asking them their opinions. She enjoyed bending over lewdly a she reached into her suitcase to fish out undergarments, making sure they got an eyeful of her ass and pussy from behind... all while trying to act nonchalantly. She made small talk about the weather and about work to help break the tension and keep things from getting awkward, as if walking around naked in front of them was completely normal... but once she was fully dressed she told them she was ready, and to their credit they didn't say anything in disappointment or inappropriate, Eddie just said "ok, let's go" as they all walked out of the room and to the convention.

Throughout the day, Mary was nervous that something would be said or done... but they honestly acted like nothing ever happened. Not one inappropriate joke, glance... no awkwardness in behavior from either of them... and she was shocked by how well they did so. It made her feel a lot better, and less stressed about anyone finding out about what happened. She slowly started to realize she had nothing to worry about, as even when she was alone with either of them, they never said or did anything inappropriate. The only dirty stares she received were from strangers, which she always appreciated. She checked her phone to see she had received a message from her husband that said "I'm checked in and in the room. I'm really looking forward to seeing you later" which included a picture of his hard cock in his hand... she was eager to both fuck him and find out what naughty fun he had planned for them that night. Once they finished up around the convention, Mary let them know she was heading back to the room to see her husband instead of drinking with everyone, and eagerly made her way to her room to see Bradley laying there openly masturbating while he waited on her.

Bradley gave her a smile and said "I was hoping you'd be here soon" as he wiggled his cock for her attention. Mary giggled as she got on the bed

and devoured his cock, stopping just long enough to tell him "I've missed you!". Bradley smiled at her as he asked "are you talking to me, or my dick?", to which she answered "Mmm, both!". Bradley grunted as he grabbed her head and pushed his cock down her throat, and then told her "I called a strip club here in town, and the owner said you can dance tonight if you want". Mary had done that in the past and loved the attention from all the horny guys, so he knew she would like that. She moaned on his dick while she pulled down her pants, and Bradley continued "it's an all nude place... so you can show off your pussy to all the perverts there... I know you've never done all nude before, and I thought you'd have fun with that". Mary pulled his cock out of her mouth long enough to ask "I can put my naked pussy in front of their face?... that's so fucking hot!... would you like that, baby? Would you like seeing the perverts staring at my open pussy?". Bradley grunted "yes... knowing they wish they could fuck you... and will be jerking off later to the memory of your cunt". Mary laid down with her pussy in his face as she continued to suck his cock... and the excitement of everything they were planning, and the memories of Joshua fucking her and Eddie almost fucking her... it had her pussy gushing, and Bradley was quick to notice.

"Mmmm, it looks like you're really looking forward to it... your cunt is dripping and gaping". Mary couldn't handle it anymore as she turned around and sat on his cock, and furiously started riding him. Mary grunted "I want to see them staring at my pussy... I want to watch them cum while looking at me... wishing they could fuck me". Bradley obviously liked the idea as well, because he grunted out "I'm going to cum" as Mary continued to rapidly grind against him, and before Mary could cum Bradley had already blown his load inside of her and couldn't continue. Mary was frustrated, but knew he'd be ready for more later, as she climbed off of him and said "I'm going to take a bath and get ready". Bradley laid there panting as he said "I'll take a shower after you, and then we can head to the club". Mary asked him "how did you set this up?". Bradley answered "I found the club online, started a correspondence via email with the owner and asked if you could dance there... after sending him a few of your pics, he agreed to let you perform". It made Mary feel pretty knowing he saw her picture and agreed that she was good enough to perform there... she gave her husband a kiss, and said "I'll try to hurry".

Mary started running the the bath water and undressed, thinking about how many guys she would be showing her body off to later, and was honestly excited... her husband knew what turned her on, and she loved him for it... she felt lucky to have a guy that was so understanding... but also wished she could do more... and after the events with Joshua and Eddie, she couldn't stop thinking about how she wish she could let both of them fuck her too. She took her time shaving her legs and her pussy, making sure she was stubble free... thinking about how she'd soon be showing it up close to horny pervs at the strip club. She'd never been to an all nude strip club before, so she wasn't sure what to expect... but she was excited to soon find out! She knew Bradley would want her to take his pen into the locker room area at the club... it had a hidden camera on it, and any time she's been to a club he has asked her to use it to secretly record the girls. Mary didn't mind helping him get his voyeur thrills, and knew it was part of the reason he enjoyed her dancing for others.

Once dried off she put on the sexy short dress that her husband had brought her and fixed herself up while Bradley showered, taking the time to admire the ample amount of clevage that she was showing... she had done so much teasing, and was anxious to do more... and before she knew it, they were on their way to the club. With her heart thumping in anxiousness and nervousness, she knew that the night would be one that stood out over most.


Teasing my Coworkers pt.3 

Once they pulled up to the club, Mary started to feel exceedingly nervous... it wasn't bad, she wasn't being forced to do anything she didn't want to do... the nervousness just added to the excitement. Bradley could see it on her face though, and said "do you want to take a couple quick shots to calm your nerves?". They had already had some drinks with dinner, but Mary just giggled as she said "It's probably a good idea", while noticing that the place wasn't very busy (it was still early on a weeknight). Apparently they don't sell alcohol at the club, which Mary found bizarre... but luckily her husband knew in advance and had brought a bottle of tequila with him. Bradley paid for admission, despite not really needing to based on the correspondence he had with the owner... but he didn't mind, and didn't want to make a fuss.

Once inside they walked straight to the bar and poured some shots as they took in the room... it was dark, and only about 7 or 8 people there, other than employees. The girl on stage was a blonde with small breasts, but a bouncy round ass... and there were 4 guys sitting at front of the stage that she would crawl around in front of, and it was clear she had their full attention when she removed her bottoms and strutted around nude. Mary took her shots and told Bradley "I can't believe I'm going to do this, that looks so fun!". Bradley was messaging the owner on his phone to let him know they were there, as he gave her a wink and said "I'm looking forward to watching you". They poured a couple more shots, and as they were finishing them the owner came walking up from the back.

Mary felt butterflies in her stomach as he introduced himself (I'm purposely leaving out the name of the club and owner for anonymity sake, so we'll just call him Mr. S). He was a tall older gentleman, clean shaven, and dressed nicer than Mary would have expected. He looked her up and down with a smile as he said "Bradley had told me a lot about you. If you will, follow me to my office and we'll go over all the rules, and I'll show you around and introduce you to the others". Mary said "thank you" in a bashful tone, turned to give her husband a quick kiss, and said "I'll see you in a bit" as she started to walk away. Before she could, Bradley stopped her and said "don't forget your lucky pen" as he handed her his voyeur cam. She already knew how to operate it, so she just said "thank you for remembering" as she grabbed it and followed Mr. S to his office. It was a small windowless room, just big enough for a desk, a filling cabinet, and a few chairs. "Have a seat" Mr. S said as he sat behind his desk, and then said "I've already received most information needed from your husband, so I just have a few questions for you and we can get you started... you've danced at a couple other places before, but this is your first time working all nude, is that correct?".

Mary tried to compose herself confidently as she responded "yes sir, that is correct". Mr. S followed up with asking "and from what I understand from my conversations with Bradley, you consider yourself an exhibitionist and dance because you enjoy exposing yourself?". Mary was a little embarrassed by how direct the question was, but she responded "that's true... knowing guys get aroused looking at me while I'm exposed... turns me on". Mr. S smiled and said "that's nothing to be embarrassed about, it makes for a good dancer", to which Mary responded "thank you... I don't know why I get embarrassed talking about it... especially since I'll be nude on stage anyway" with a nervous giggle. She was starting to feel both more comfortable and more aroused, as she gave him a flirty smile. Mr. S smiled back and then said "I hope this isn't to forward... but, would you mind undressing for me?". Mary's heart fluttered, although it wasn't that unexpected... anytime she had danced in the past, she would always be asked to show her tits during the first talk to the manager... and she didn't expect this to be an exception, nor did she want it to be.

Mary stood up and said "I don't mind at all, I understand... fully nude, right?". Mr. S nodded and said "yes please" as she pulled the dress up over her head, and laid it down on the back of her chair. She was now in just her bra and panties, and as she reached behind to undo the clasp on her bra she noticed he looked a bit excited to see her tits revealed... and then noticed his right hand was in his lap. The desk blocked the view, but motions suggested he was playing with himself... she tried to act like she didn't notice as she removed the bra and proudly showed him her tits for the first time. Mr. S smiled and told her "it never gets old... seeing a sexy girl naked for the first time... you have beautiful tits Mary". "Thank you" she replied, noticing as he leaned back in his chair he was clearly squeezing his cock through his slacks. He wasn't even trying to hide it, as he told her "come over closer while you continue so I can get a better look". Mary stared at his hand actively clutching and squeezing his cock in his pants as she walked up in front of him and removed her panties. She did a show spin to show him her ass, and then stood there to let him take it all in.

Mr. S said "Very nice, you have a pretty clean shaven pussy too... your husband is a lucky man". Mary added "Thank you, I appreciate you saying that... I'm glad you like what you see". Mr S reached out with his left hand to grope her breasts as he said "I see that they are natural, and have a good bounce to them". "Yes, sir" she replied, watching him continue to massage his cock through his pants. He noticed her eyes locked onto his crotch as he played with her titties, and asked "does it turn you on seeing how hard you make me?". Mary, through heavy breaths, slowly nodded and watched as he unzipped his pants and fished out his cock... it wasn't quiet as big as Joshua's, but it was still above average... and he sat there slowly stroking as he continued to look her over. He patted on the desk in front of him and said "why don't you have a seat here so I can better exam your pussy". Mary was surprised by how crass he had said that, but it was clear he knew what to say, and do, to turn her on... and she followed his instructions without a word, opening her legs for his unobstructed view.

Mary couldn't believe how quickly she ended up in the situation she was in... she was nude in front of someone she just met, her legs spread in front of his face while he masturbated and stared at her open married pussy... and her husband had set it up! Mr. S used his hands to open her legs more and then started to rub her pussy, as he commented "very smooth, no stubble at all". He spread her lips on her gaping cunt as he told her "you shouldn't show any of this on stage... you can show your pussy, just not spread open... do you understand?" Mary panted a bit as she nodded and said "yes sir". Mr. S continued "on stage security will make sure no one touches you... but guys will definitely be more handsy during private dances... are you OK with that?". Mary hesitated before she softly said "Bradley doesn't like for guys to touch me". Mr. S chuckled and said "he asked if the girls get touched by the guys here, because if they did he didn't want to bring you... so I told him we have security to make sure the customers don't get frisky, which is true... while on stage... but in the private rooms, we tend to turn a blind eye". Mary knew from previous times dancing that guys like to grope and see how far they can get during private dances... she told Bradley that security made sure they didn't, but that was just to give him peace of mind.

Mr. S leaned forward and started eating out Mary's pussy, causing Mary to both gasp and push her cunt against his tongue. After half a minute he stopped and stroked himself as he asked her "are you OK with being touched? If not, it's OK if you decide against dancing". Mary bit her lip and then said "as long as Bradley doesn't know... and no fucking... I guess some touching isn't a big deal". Mr. S smiled at her as he continued to grope her body with his left hand, and work his shaft with his right hand... he said "I'm glad to hear that. I have some gear you can wear, and I'll take you to the locker room and introduce you to everyone... but first"... he leaned in and started eating her out again, and watched her build up into a horny frenzy before he stood up and pointed his cock between her legs "I just need to cum, so I'm just going to put it in for a few moments and then I'll pull out". Before Mary could say anything he was already griping her waist and pushing his dick inside of her... Mary let out a grunt and was already getting fucked before she had time to reluctantly say "just a few moments".

Mr. S started thrusting fast and hard inside of her, watching her tits swaying up and down as he aggressively fucked her. "Your husband told me that you get off watching guys jerk off while looking at you... so I told him I'd surprise you by doing just that... but if he could see you now". Mary had conflicting feelings hitting her all at once... shame, lust, guilt, confusion, fear... knowing he took advantage of her just turned her on more, although she couldn't understand why. Mr. S continued to rail on her a he noticed the concern on her face, and he whispered in her ear "don't worry... just tell him I jerked off in front of you, and that was it... I'm sure this isn't the first time someone else has fucked you since getting married, is it?". Mary thought to herself "this isn't even the first time within 24 hours" as she panted "just don't let Bradley know anything happened... please". Mr. S pulled out, waited a few seconds as he admired her open pussy, and then slid back inside of her... relishing in the forbidden sex before telling her "get on your knees and suck my cock... I'm going to cum". Mary hesitated a bit as she looked him in the eyes, but then slid down off the table and got down on her knees and started stroking his cock in front of her face... she placed it in her mouth, and he grabbed the back of her head and fucked her face until he shot his load down her throat.

She sat on the floor, as he panted and pulled up his pants... he buckled his belt as he told her "so just tell your husband that the interview went great, you modeled and I jerked off... we won't mention more than that". He reached in a cabinet drawer and pulled out a bikini... tossed it to Mary who was slowly standing up, and said "based on what your husband told me, this should fit you well. Here's a garter belt to hold your tips, also... I'll take you to the dressing room to meet the other girls working right now". Mary put it on, not surprised that it fit, Bradley knew her dimensions well... she shyly said "thank you for not telling Bradley... I don't want to upset or disappoint him". Mr. S gave an expression of lack of concern and said "It's no big deal... go talk to him and then I'll take you to meet the others". Mary nodded her head still both worked up and in disbelief of what had just happened... and he acted like it was nothing special, just another girl he fucked. She wondered if he fucked most of the girls that worked there, or did he just see her as a slut and took advantage.

Mary walked out in her bikini, holding her dress and purse as she walked up to Bradley and said "he asked me to undress, and he masturbated while looking me over... did you tell him that was OK?". Bradley smiled proudly as he told her "I might have mentioned it turned you on... did you record it on the camera?". Honestly, Mary hadn't thought about using the camera, but she was now glad she didn't. She innocently said "no... but I'm about to go into the dressing room now, so I'll be sure to sneak some peeks of the girls for you" with a wink. Bradley poured her a couple more shots, and Mary noticed that the bottle was a lot lower than before... he must have had quite a few. Mr. S walked up and asked Mary if she was ready, and then turned to Bradley and said "you have a beautiful wife, you're an incredibly lucky man". Mary watched as her husband, with a smile, said "thank you" to the man who had just minutes before fucked his wife behind his back... and left to walk into the locker room.

Mary turned on the hidden camera on the pen her husband gave her as they walked in... Mr. S explained "this is a slow night, so we don't have a lot of girls dancing". There were only 4 other girls working that night, and only one in the locker room at the time, one on stage, and the other two were probably doing private dances or working the floor. Mr. S introduced Mary to "Veronica" (who just got off stage, so she was completely nude), and asked her what her stage name was, to which she replied "Passion". Mr. S said he'd let the DJ know, and that when she heard her name called to come dance on stage. He left and had Veronica go over things with her. Mary held the pen so as to make sure to record Veronica as she stood there nude... sure, Bradley had seen her on stage... but it's darker there, and Bradley enjoyed seeing things he wasn't supposed to, which would be the girls under bright lights and caught off guard. Mary admired the body she was secretly recording... petite body, smaller breasts with small nipples, long blonde hair that she wasn't sure was real, but looked fantastic.

Veronica shook her hand and said "nice to meet you... I hear you're just wanting to do this for a bit of fantasy fun with your husband". Mary got a bit embarrassed and said "I didn't realize everyone knew that", but Veronica quickly replied "it's cool, Mr. S is just happy to have a new naked body on stage... I started based on a similar situation, but stayed with it for the money". Mary noticed she was wearing a wedding ring as well, and asked "does your husband like you dancing?". Veronica shrugged and said "were active in the lifestyle, so it's no big deal... good money, and occasionally I get to meet new people for us to play with". Mary looked confused and Veronica cleared up "we're swingers... so if I fuck guys occasionally for 350 bucks, it's no big deal". Mary was shocked as she asked "you have sex with the customers here?... and your husband is OK with it?". Veronica shrugged her shoulders as she started dressing back in her bikini "we have an open relationship, and it's good money... besides, I don't have to fuck anyone I don't want to". Mary wasn't sure what to think as Veronica showed her where to lock her stuff, and explained they couldn't walk around nude off stage, because it takes focus off of the girl on stage.

Veronica asked Mary "are you guys in an open relationship also?", to which Mary answered "no... he just let's me indulge in my exhibitionism, and he enjoys watching and knowing other guys want what he has". Veronica told her "that's too bad, my husband would love to hook up with you". Mary blushed a bit and said "well, that's sweet of you to say". Veronica added "The guys here are going to get very gropey with you during private dances... most expect sex, or at least hand jobs, that's where we make most our money... maybe this isn't a good place for you to dance, if your husband isn't OK with it". Mary thought about it a bit and said "I would hate to disappoint him though... maybe I should just stay away from private dances, or just let them know up front that I don't allow touching". Veronica shrugged and said "if you have any problem, just call out for security". Knowing that security would be nearby helped ease her mind, and then she suddenly heard her name over the intercom "alright guys, we have a newcomer to our stage, please give it up for 'Passion'". The butterflies hit her stomach as she heard the music start, and the previous dancer come in from the stage. Veronica said "you're up" with a smile and Mary smiled back as she nervously walked out onto the stage.

As soon as she passed through the curtain she could see all eyes were on her... there wasn't a lot of guys there though. She swung around on the pole a bit, and did her best to dance sexy, as she saw her husband walk up to sit in the front row, joining a few others that were already there. She strutted up to the front and flirted with all of them, teased taking off her top and then dropped it to reveal her tits to everyone there. Her husband whistled and proudly told the other guys "that's my wife". They smiled at him and returned their focus back at Mary and her big tits as she gave them all a good close look. Mary couldn't remember if the previous girls danced to one or two songs, so she wasn't sure if she should take off her bottoms just yet, or wait. She eventually decided to go ahead and take them off... just in case... and as soon as they dropped, the guys had their bills out ready to tip... and get a closer view of course. She walked up to her husband first, as she sat down in front of him, and with her hands supporting her, opened her legs to show him her pussy... and the view she was about to give to some random strangers. He gave her a devious smile as he put some cash in her garter belt.

Mary rolled on stage to the next guy, put herself in the same position, and opened her legs again. She watched as his eyes locked with her exposed pussy... being sure to study all the details he could as he put some cash in her garter as well. She repeated that with the others and she heard the song end, but when the second song started she realized that she did have to dance more... and she was already fully nude. She was already horny from watching all these guys lusting over her, but knew she couldn't go to far... no masturbation, and no spreading her pussy open on stage. She tried to cool down by just dancing for a bit, but she could tell the guys were wanting to see more... as she got on all fours and crawled up to them, letting them watch her tits dangle, before turning around and slowly raising her ass and lowering her front to give them a nice view from behind... and she was awarded a lot of tips for that as well. The song ended and the DJ started to announce the next dancer as she got herself together and walked off the stage. She stood there in the dressing room, still fully nude, thinking about how she couldn't wait to fuck Bradley later while they talked about how the guys perversely stared at her body.

Veronica was still there, talking to another dancer that she was introduced to that went by the name "Candy". Candy was talking about how the last customer paid her 150 just to eat her out, and now she was trying to cool down because he was so good at it. Candy changed outfits as Mary looked over at her hidden camera, making sure it was sitting on her desk still, and positioned toward them. Mary put her bikini back on and Veronica asked "Can I take your picture for Zack? I know he would think you're hot". Mary said sure, assuming that Zack was her husband as she smiled for the camera. Veronica thanked her and said "he's going to be so disappointed that you're in a monogamous marriage though", to which Mary playfully said "sorry!". They laughed a bit and Mary noticed a big guy walking into the dressing room. The other girls just asked him "what's up, Hulk" (apparently that was his nickname, but it was fitting seeing as he was so strong looking). Hulk just replied "customer requested a private in booth 4 with the new girl". Hulk then introduced himself as the security and let Mary know that if she had any issues to just let him know. He then asked her to follow him to the booth, to which Mary just said thank you and followed... but she was having second thoughts.

Mary thought to herself "maybe this is a bad idea, maybe I should just stop now and leave with Bradley... I should have just told them up front I don't do private dances... but it's probably no big deal, I just have to set the rules up front... I don't want to let things get out of hand again". But the next thing she knew she was escorted into the both were she met one of the guys from the front row that she had just danced in front of just minutes ago. He gave her a smile, to which she returned with a nervous "hi" as Hulk closed the curtain to give them privacy. The man asked her "what are your rates?" as she walked up to him and sat on his lap. Mary was caught off guard and stammered "I don't have rates... I don't do anything like that because I'm married..." as she took off her top, noticing he had a wedding ring on too. She added "I'll let you have a good look at my pussy though" as she stood up and dropped her bottoms, her crotch at eye level. He asked her "Can I get a hand job?", and she thought for a second and said "you can jack off while you watch me finger myself... I don't mind, and no extra charge". She could tell the guy wanted more, but the idea he could get a far as he was with no extra charge at least made it worth it.

She could hear him undoing his pants and pulling them down while she rubbed her tits on his face. He looked fit, but she was still surprised by how firm his body was as she rubbed his chest and arms... she turned around to put her ass in his face, and watched as he slowly stroked his long skinny cock... it was completely hairless down there, just as she was hairless as well. She bent over to show her pussy from behind, and felt his hand support her leg as she reached between her legs and spread open her pussy. She rubbed and fingered herself a bit while putting her pussy close enough that she could feel his breathing. She felt his hand that was holding her leg run up to her ass, and he squeezed and pulled it open, exposing her even more... and then pulled her closer and stuck his tongue inside of her. She gasped as she felt him lapping her cunt, but quickly came to her senses and turned around saying "no tongue, naughty boy". The guy groped her tits, clearly testing what he could get away with... Mary just said "I think the song is almost over" as she watched him play with her tits and stroke his cock in front of her. The guy just smiled and said "I paid for two songs" as his hand that was fondling her nipples slowly lowered to rub her slit. He was shocked by how wet she was, clearly aroused by the situation, as he slid a couple of fingers inside of her. She gasped and heard the second song just start as the guy asked her "Is that really your husband out there?". Mary said "yes" as she started to sit on his lap before feeling his cock bump against her. He moved his hand he was stroking with to allow access and pulled her down toward him, but she quickly stood up and said "I can't do that" as soon as she felt his dick against her pussy. He stroked himself again and asked "how would he react to me telling him that his wife has a tasty pussy?" as he continued to explore her pussy with his fingers.

Concern struck Mary as she told him "it would upset him, please don't say anything... besides, you weren't supposed to touch". The guy smirked as he said "you seem to be fine with me touching you now... I guess I can keep from telling him, as long as you show me how good your head game is". Mary knew he couldn't really prove anything, but she didn't want Bradley to even think it was possible... she reluctantly said "I'll suck it, but just for 10 seconds and that's it... you can't say anything!". He smiled and gripped his cock for her as she took her time to slide down between his legs and start sucking his cock. He let out a moan, and Mary hated that she was getting aroused by being blackmailed... maybe she just liked that she no longer had any excuses not to do what she really wanted to do. She held his cock with her left hand as she fingered herself with her right... she bobbed her head up and down as she worked her tongue against the head of his dick, and she saw a flash... she looked up, and the guy had taken her picture with his phone while she sucked him off. Mary looked up at him and said "what the fuck, you can't do that"... the guy showed her the picture and said "I bet your husband would go ape shit if he saw this" as he chuckled. Mary realized what was happening and said "so you're blackmailing me?... what do you want, I'm already sucking your cock?". The guy smiled and said "I'd like to see what it's like to fuck that guys wife" as he waves his cock in her face.

Mary got upset as she realized what was happening... but what really upset her was that she was turned on by it all... she hated herself for being aroused for being blackmailed... but she was, there was no denying that. The guy pulled out a condom and slid it on, and Mary mounted over him as she said "please delete the picture"... she slowly impaled herself on his cock, watching his face as he experienced her pussy... her married, forbidden pussy. She knew he was married, and somewhere out there is a woman who's husband she was starting to fuck... why that turned her on as well, she didn't know... but it definitely did. She had never actually actively set out to cheat on her husband... although it had happened in the past, it always just seemed to happen... she would feel guilty, but it also turned her on so much that it was almost worth it... all this ran through her mind as she slowly started fucking him, giving him exactly what he wanted. He gripped her ass and started pulling her down on his cock, before standing her up and bending her over to fuck her from behind. She heard the song ending and saw Hulk as he slowly opened the curtain, telling them "times up" before seeing her naked, bent over, and getting railed on. The guy told Hulk "I'm finishing up now" as he grunted and pulled into her hard. Hulk smiled at Mary and asked if she was ok, which she confirmed with a nod as the stranger fucking her filled his condom.

The guy didn't even say anything, he just pulled off the condom and tossed it in the trash, pulled up his pants and walked out past Hulk (who was still there looking at Mary naked and freshly fucked). He asked if she was good while she picked up her bikini and started to put it back on, and Mary let him know she was before he walked away with a grin. Mary thought to herself "I should probably leave soon... I've already fucked the owner and some random stranger, and the sooner we leave the less likely Bradley was to hear about anything". As she walked back to the dressing room, she knew she had had enough thrills for a night, although she was still worked up... but that was nothing that her husband couldn't help her out with. She walked past Hulk as he left the dressing room, and she thought to herself "he must think I whored myself out to that guy... despite me giving him everything for free"... she wasn't sure which was worse really. She took a look out on the floor and could see Bradley talking to Candy after doing another shot, and she couldn't help but wonder just how much he had to drink up to that point.. she figured she would have to be the one to drive back to the hotel... but before she could give it further thought she heard the DJ calling her back to the stage. She noticed there were more people there than earlier, and the crowd seemed a little rowdier, and thought to herself "maybe one more dance to show them my freshly fucked pussy" as she walked out on the stage.


