It wouldn't have been that difficult to wave the McCoy name and get a seat in the chamber for Kirk's hearing on Friday morning, but he chooses to watch on a screen in the next room.

The Vulcan lieutenant commander who designed the test -- Spock, McCoy recalls -- does a good job explaining how Kirk didn't cheat, couldn't have cheated, even if he'd somehow gotten access to the simulator or its code ahead of time. Kirk leans on the lectern, fuming, trying to argue his case with some modicum of logic, but his unpredictable behavior has always overshadowed his genius and defeating the Maru scenario changes nothing. It doesn't help that Barnett knows exactly how to manipulate Kirk's emotions; his control crumbles and in the end he is dragged out of the chamber kicking and screaming.

McCoy shakes his head and steps toward the doorway, arriving just in time to see the child collapse away from the hypospray pressed to his neck. He feels a mild temptation to intervene, but there's no sense advertising his interest in Kirk.

Other parties are not so discreet. Barnett's security lifts Kirk onto a floating cot, Nogura's goons have arrived to take him into their custody, and Spock has stepped out of the tribunal and is speaking to both in low, urgent tones.

McCoy taps on his padd, idly pulling up the Kirk dossier his grandmother sent him, waiting to see who's going to end up with the boy. He's already calculating what effect each might have on his plans. Barnett, key player for the Academy brass, has technical jurisdiction here; his custody would be acceptable though unpleasant for Kirk. And talking him out of the planned expulsion might be expensive. However, Nogura's claim has precedence, and he's more influential in the Fleet itself, more dangerous to Barnett and more damaging to Kirk, even if his interest in the boy appears to be waning.

Spock, on the other hand, is an unknown quantity. McCoy can't yet puzzle out what possible advantage would push the Vulcan to dispute two already clear claims, or what power base would make it anything other than a clumsy form of bureaucratic suicide. It's unlikely he'll prevail, but it's possibly the best outcome for Kirk. Vulcans, for all their vaunted logic, are not known for their patience with those who would harm a child.

As in the beginning of Kirk's Starfleet career, Nogura wins out. McCoy catches the slight shake of Spock's head when he turns and walks away, wonders for a moment who he's reporting to. Or if he reports to anyone; McCoy knows precious little of his story. Perhaps the Vulcan would make a good ally.

For now, though, it's Kirk who concerns him. His eyes narrow, slightly, as he considers the limp form being guided out of the room. The boy's father had been another Nogura protege, bright but tame, who'd received all the highest decorations after his noble and idiotic death. McCoy remembers the way the press played down the fact that George Kirk had sacrificed his life to save his wife and infant son, encouraging people instead to believe that he was a martyr for the Empire. The dossier notes a significant spike in 'Fleet enrollment that year and for several following, which only confirms the stupidity of the masses, in McCoy's eyes.

Winona Kirk parlayed the Empire's lionization of her dead husband into permission to bring her young boys with her on the Yorktown when she was redeployed. A waste, really; she could have traded up for far more, including an earthbound posting, or a position at Court for one or both children -- but, oddly, McCoy thinks he understands. She most likely felt the boys would be safer with her, and as far away from the Fleet's propaganda machine as possible. He might have done the same in her shoes; it would have been a calculated risk, but his grandmother is right. Having a child changes the way you see the world.

He pulls up the padd's message system and types up a quick note to his wife: Who are you sleeping with tonight, Jocelyn?

Neither his grandmother nor McCoy's own research and connections have been able to reveal very much about the boy after the Kirks shipped out. Some immunization records. A few mentions in the Yorktown's logs. A couple of stops at starbases. No recorded schooling, just yearly standardized tests. All of which came back anything but standard; as far as McCoy can tell, Kirk has been off the charts -- in the same way he himself has -- for most of his life.

A soft chime from the padd, a message in the corner of his screen. Some pretty boy.

He'd better not be a repeat, he sends back, smiling just a little. Hate to have to get my hands dirty. Where's Jo?

A strange, wandering childhood in space. And then nothing. A sudden void starting five years ago, as though Kirk ceased to exist until he showed up in Nogura's claws on the Kongo. Not a hint, not a whisper.

Normally, that sort of vanishing act would change McCoy's mind about Kirk's utility; no one vanishes from the Empire's records so thoroughly without some very powerful help. But the boy's reappearance hasn't provoked any response from on high, which to McCoy's mind suggests it was the circumstances and not Kirk himself that were "disappeared."

At home with her very expensive nanny. What are you doing tonight?

Five years. There's some other whisper tickling at his memory from that time frame, something he wasn't supposed to have overheard, but the details are vague. He catches himself rubbing his thumb over the corner of his mouth. Something about a failed colony? Something that should have made the news, but hadn't. His instincts insist there's a connection.

If Kirk knows something he's not supposed to know, they should have gotten rid of him. Nogura -- or someone else -- must have thought his potential was worth the risk. And it was possible they had tried to make him forget; if so, that might explain some of Kirk's instability. Humans tend to think a Vulcan adept can do anything they want to a person's brain, but McCoy knows that there are consequences.

Taking Gran to dinner.

There are always consequences.

~~~

The evening with his grandmother is informative and exhausting, as always, but the plans he's shared with her are the sharper for it, and if he has learned anything about reading her eyebrows over the years, he thinks he may have earned a sliver of approval from her.

He doesn't tell her everything, of course.

He knows more about the Kirks, and about the half-Vulcan, Spock. And she swore that she had no idea whatsoever about any rumored colony, five years ago or otherwise. She insisted colonies were boring; the only one she had any recollection of at all was the launch of the very boring agricultural station at Tarsus, and then only because it had the bad taste to share the news page with the shocking murder of her second husband.

It's a place to start, though her equivocation, particularly during a private dinner, tells him a great deal about how dangerous it may be to start digging.

After morning rounds, and a brief call to talk with his daughter during which he learns that the latest nanny smells "of old snails," McCoy heads down to the bridge simulator. Although Kirk's Maru hadn't destroyed it, there will still be details to change and programming to replace, and it therefore seems the most logical place to find Lieutenant Commander Spock.

The observation and management deck is empty, but through the window he sees Spock standing on the simulation floor, staring out at what would be the viewscreen if the bridge were real or the program active. His hands are folded neatly behind his back. McCoy can't see his face, so there's no way to know if his gaze is directed inward or outward, though he suspects this would be an odd place to find a Vulcan meditating.

But then, Spock isn't exactly one's average Vulcan.

He lifts his face to the window, and meets McCoy's eyes. A faint inclination of the head, and he turns smoothly to return to the observation deck.

When Spock enters the room, McCoy sketches a precise bow, indicating respect for Spock's superior rank without positioning himself as the man's inferior, and keeps his expression neutral to avoid offending him. "Lieutenant Commander."

"Doctor." His body language is calm and still, like any Vulcan. And yet McCoy senses tension, wariness in him.

Not so unalike, McCoy thinks. Two predators, neither willing to give the other too much. Spock has the advantage in territory, but McCoy suspects he is better informed. He chooses to be blunt, to see if he can catch Spock off-guard.

"I observed the tribunal yesterday. What is your interest in Cadet Kirk?"

The tiniest twitch of an eyebrow. "His abilities are unusual."

"I agree," he says, folding his hands behind his back in a subtle mirror of Spock's posture. "But Admiral Nogura has no use for them, and Admiral Barnett would rather dismiss them altogether and have him removed from the Academy. I'd like to see him reach his potential. And you?"

Spock does not hesitate in his reply, but McCoy has no doubt each word is carefully considered. "I fail to comprehend the Empire's neglect of his abilities and his sanity. If they do not have a use for him, then I feel it is my duty to see that he is not turned against us."

"He would make a formidable enemy, if he lives that long. And he will do whatever it takes to get back into space."

Dark eyes tilt. He is done justifying himself. "Perhaps, as a medical officer, you have means of access to him that I do not." It's an offer; McCoy automatically counters.

"It will take more clout than I have on my own to keep him in the Academy."

This time there is a minute pause before Spock chooses what to put on the table.

"Commander Pike's intention was to suggest that he be placed on a mandatory medical leave -- from which he would have the option to return -- instead of expelling him."

McCoy nods, mind racing; he'd already settled on a similar plan. Commander Christopher Pike is very much a rising star within the 'Fleet; brilliant and dangerous, the kind of man who makes a good ally and has few surviving enemies.

And Pike's interest in Kirk is both far more fascinating and potentially more devastating to McCoy's plans than Spock's.

He watches the Vulcan's expression closely. "I would be willing to provide physiological or psychological support for such a suggestion, and would be willing to keep him in my care until such time as we are prepared to argue he is fit to resume his studies."

Spock's eyes narrow infinitesimally; something about McCoy's suggestion doesn't mesh with his plans. Or Pike's. "I believe that telepathic intervention may be useful with him."

"Of course you will want to confirm that he is receiving the best care possible during his convalescence. I have no intention of denying access." But neither does he guarantee that he'll let Spock into the boy's mind.

Spock accepts this with a simple blink.

"Admiral Nogura has been holding the cadet incommunicado since the hearing. The commander has asked me to arrange a petition for his release from a neutral Vulcan adept," he continues. If Pike doesn't want to be directly involved in this, then he also has long-term plans involving Kirk. And Spock clearly has a place in them, though McCoy's not sure what common goals the ambitious commander and the Vulcan outcast in front of him might have. "The weight of your medical opinion would make it more difficult for the Admiral to justify turning the petition down."

"Agreed. So long as I retain custody of the boy and oversight of his care."

"For the duration of his medical leave."

McCoy doesn't quite mask the quirk of his own eyebrows. "Logically."

"Then I will await your report."

"First thing Monday morning."

Spock accepts this with a nod, and turns back to his computer.

McCoy accepts the brusque dismissal, biting back a sharp comment that will gain him nothing. He could have written something adequate this evening, based on his observations of Kirk, but Sunday will give him another chess game. Nogura or not, he knows Kirk wants to play again. And he doubts the boy will let much of anything get in his way.