He finds Bela in the Conference Room, peering at a laptop with her face screwed up in a petulant expression.

“Damn it,” she mutters. Her voice is rough, and Sam sees without much surprise that her throat is bruised. He waits for the guilt to set in, but there’s only a little pulse of satisfaction.

“Problem?” he asks, coming into the room.

When Bela glances up at him, her eyes are wary but unafraid. Sam’s fairly certain that the gun sitting on the table next to her laptop has something to do with that.

“I’m having trouble locating the schematics,” she answers. “The contractors Vincent hired have all met with unfortunate accidents and their records have either been burnt to a crisp or lost.”

“That’s convenient,” Sam says, sitting down. Aware of his own hatred for Bela, he’s careful to leave a few chairs between them. Maybe with some distance, he’ll be able to restrain himself better.

Bela lifts her shoulders in a shrug. “I expected as much. What I didn’t expect was for my colleague to turn tail and cower at the mention of Vincent’s name. ‘Impenetrable system’ my ass.”

“By ‘colleague’ you mean ‘hacker’.”

“How very astute of you,” Bela says sarcastically, and then goes back to frowning at the laptop. Probably trying to come up with a suitably scathing response to her ‘colleague's’ refusal to help.

“I know someone who might be able to do it,” Sam suggests.

She looks up again, one eyebrow arched. “Really,” she says. Her tone suggests that she’d sooner believe Sam could pull a flock of winged monkeys out of his back pocket.

He could tell her where to shove her superior attitude, but it’d be a waste of time and words. Instead, he lifts up enough to get out his cell phone and then speed dials the Roadhouse. It won’t be open this time of day, but he’s called in the morning before and someone has always been there to pick up. Sure enough, after only three rings he’s greeted with a cheerful, “Hello?”

“Hey, Jo. It’s Sam. Sam Winchester?”

“Sam, hi.” Jo’s voice immediately dims with sympathy.

Sam’s confused by the change for the few seconds it takes him to remember that Dean is supposed to be dead. He could have called Ellen any number of times over the past six months and laid that particular lie to rest, but he never considered actually doing it.

Hunters as a whole aren’t a very forgiving group, and they don’t generally give supernatural creatures the benefit of the doubt. Telling people that Dean was still alive would have led to questions about why he’d fake his death in the first place, which would almost certainly have led to the wolf’s discovery. Sam had enough to worry about without a bunch of frightened hunters gunning for his brother.

Doesn’t mean he feels any better about lying, though, and Sam hasn’t talked to Jo since Dean’s ‘death’, which means she’s going to want to have the ‘so-sorry-for-your-loss’ conversation.

Fantastic.

“Listen,” he says quickly, hoping to cut her off at the pass. “I need to talk to Ash. Is he there?”

“Sure, hang on a sec.” There’s a rustle of cloth as Jo leans the phone against her shoulder and then her voice yelling, “Ash! Sam Winchester’s on the phone.” Then she’s back, talking with that soft, gentle voice that people use with the terminally ill. “How’re you doing?”

“I’m fine.” Sam shifts in his seat, tapping his thumb on the table. Bela’s eyes are a heavy weight on his skin, and the longer she looks the more it makes him itch. He’s beginning to understand why gorillas get so pissed off when people stare at them in zoos.

“Look, I’m sorry about Dean,” Jo offers.

Sam grunts noncommittally and switches the cell to his other ear.

“He was a really great guy,” Jo continues obliviously. “I mean, I didn’t really get a chance to know him, but he just seemed sort of, well, good, you know?”

“Yeah,” Sam says, but what he thinks is, You wanted to fuck him, you mean. Almost immediately, his cheeks heat with a hot rush of shame. Sure, Jo had a crush on Dean, but what’s happening now isn’t her fault.

And Sam can’t fault her for wanting his brother. Jesus Christ, talk about the pot calling the kettle black.

“I just wanted to say that if you wanted to talk I’m a good listener, okay?”

Resisting the urge to sigh, Sam makes himself smile—Jess used to say that you can hear it over the phone when someone smiles, and he believes her—and says, “I appreciate it, Jo, but I really am fine. And right now I need to talk to Ash. It’s important.”

“Oh, okay. He’s right here. Hang on.”

There’s a staticky noise of the cord being jostled as Jo passes off the phone and then Ash’s lazy drawl. “Dr. Badass at your service.”

Sam remembers Dean’s reaction to the small man—a mixture of bewilderment and grudging respect—and his smile shifts into something more genuine. “Ash, man. It’s Sam.”

“Winchester. SamnDean. Sure. I remember.” There’s another pause and then, belatedly: “Sorry about your brother.”

“Yeah, thanks,” Sam says, brushing past the condolence. “Anyway, I’m calling because I need a favor. I’m on a job and I need the floor plans of a building. I was hoping you could hack into the system and get them for me.”

“That’s kind of illegal,” Ash points out.

“And?”

“Just making sure you knew.”

“Does that mean you’re going to help?” Sam asks, sitting up a little.

“Sure. Dukes is a rerun tonight, so I was just going to drink until I passed out, and I did that yesterday, so … What’s the target?”

Sam considers pointing out that, at this point in time, Dukes of Hazzard is always going to be a rerun, and then decides he’s better off leaving that one alone. He tilts the cell away from his mouth and meets Bela’s gaze. “He wants to know what the target is.”

“I think Vincent calls this particular branch Camargo Industries,” Bela answers. There’s a gleam in her eyes as she leans forward and props her chin up in her hand, as if he’s finally done something interesting.

Sam shifts his own gaze back to the far wall and relays the information. Ash lets out a low whistle.

“What?”

“Sorry, Sam, no can do. That’s, like, the Fort Knox of systems. No way anyone’s hacking that externally.”

Sam’s gut clenches—it’s useless, he’s failed Dean before they’ve even begun—and then Ash’s words penetrate. He tightens his hand on the phone. “Externally?”

“Well, it’s theoretically easier to hack from the inside. If I could access one of the internal servers, the rest’d be a piece of cake. Hrm. Hey, Jo! Do we have any cake?”

“Ash,” Sam calls. When there’s no response, he tries again, louder. “Ash!”

“Yeah?”

“Can we do that?”

“Sure, if you can get inside. Place is supposed to be exclusive, though, and it’s got security up the ass.”

Sam eyes Bela, who gives him a flat, impatient smile in return, and says, “Getting inside isn’t going to be a problem.”

“Okay, then. I guess I could work up a rootkit for you.”

“A what?” Sam asks, shifting in his seat.

“Rootkit,” Ash repeats. “There’s a few different kinds, but with a system like that I’d go with an HVM. It’ll install a shim by inserting a hypervisor and supplant the loaded OS as host. Then the false kernel driver used to install the virtualization tech’ll automatically allocate a non-paged memory region and then delete itself, so all the installation, processes, logs, and ports I use’ll be undetectable.”

Sam always thought that he was decent with computers, but right now Ash might as well be speaking in Farsi. Rubbing his eyes, he says, “Okay, now I need you to pretend that I know nothing about computers and say that again.”

“Oh, sure. Uh. I can write a program for you to install on one of Camargo Industry’s computers. It’ll basically bypass all of the bigass firewalls they’ve got and give me remote control over the system. And then erase any evidence that it was ever installed, so that internal security sweeps don’t catch it.”

“You can do that?”

“Oh, sure.” Ash’s words are garbled by the sound of chewing. Either Jo found him a piece of cake or Ash just discovered one of the bowls of peanuts Ellen leaves on the bar. “You’ve gotta be a system administrator to install it, though.”

“Hang on a sec,” Sam says, and then holds the phone against his shoulder. “He says he can do it, but we’re going to need administrative access to the system.”

Bela rolls her eyes. “If I had that, I wouldn’t need someone to do it for me, would I?” Then, before Sam’s heart has really had time to sink, her face stills and she says, “Wait. I think I can—it won’t be pleasant or easy, but I might be able to get to a terminal with that kind of capability. I’d only have a few minutes at best, though. Would that be long enough?”

Sam could try asking how she plans on getting to a computer, but she wouldn’t tell him and it isn’t worth forcing the information out of her. However sociopathic Bela is, she strikes him as competent, which means that her word is good enough. For now, anyway.

“How long does it take to install a rootkit, Ash?” he asks, half-certain that something that complex will take hours to upload.

“Few minutes,” Ash answers blandly.

Sam is so used to bad news that it takes his mind a few tries to understand what Ash is telling him. The relief that floods him isn’t as intense as what he felt last night when he saw Dean again for the first time in over a year, but it’s close.

“Okay,” he says, and has to clear his throat before he can continue. “Let’s do it. How long is it going to take you to write the program?”

“Do you know what kind of OS we’re working with?” Ash asks around another mouthful of whatever he’s snacking on.

Sam relays the question to Bela and then answers, “XL.”

“I’ve got something that’ll probably work, but I’m gonna want to tweak it first. Give me, oh, forty minutes, give or take a nacho. Man has his needs.” Ash smacks his lips together loudly and Sam is filled with the irrational urge to reach through the phone line and punch him for being so goddamned cavalier when Dean’s life is at stake. But Ash doesn’t know what this is for, and he isn’t—despite appearances—the type of guy to screw around when he has a job to do. If he were, Ellen would never let him stay at the Roadhouse.

“So, you want me to mail it to you?” Ash asks.

The thought of having to trust something this important to any postal system—to strangers—sends Sam into a minor panic. “No!” he blurts.

Bela twitches toward her gun and the movement is enough to sober Sam. He’s not going to get himself shot because he overreacted to an innocent question.

“No,” he repeats in a calmer voice, forcing his pounding heart to slow. “I’ll have Bobby Singer swing by and pick it up.”

That will mean that Bobby won’t be here until tomorrow morning, of course, but Sam wasn’t planning on meeting him until then, so it doesn’t matter much.

“Right on.” Ash sounds even more distracted than normal: probably already rewriting code in his head. “You wanna talk to Jo again?”

“No time,” Sam lies.

Until the rootkit is installed on one of the Arena’s computers and Ash gets them the information they need, he has nothing but time: they can’t make any plans until they have the full picture. Just acknowledging his helplessness privately is enough to set his skin crawling again, and for a few seconds he feels as frustrated as he was in New York, waiting for a lead to drop into his lap. He’s having enough trouble keeping it together without having to fend off any more of Jo’s attempts at sympathy.

Clearing his throat, he says, “Thanks for doing this, Ash.”

“Anytime, mi amigo.”

Sam hangs up and drops his hand down on the table. “We’ll have the disc tomorrow morning,” he tells Bela, sliding his phone from one hand to the other across the polished wood.

“I can probably get it installed during tomorrow night’s fight,” she tells him.

Sam nods and makes himself stop playing shuffleboard with his phone before he drives himself nuts. “How are we going to be set for information if Ash manages to hack the system?”

“Floor plans and security layout at the least,” Bela answers. “There may also be a roster of personnel, maybe even a shift schedule if we’re lucky.” At the creak of her chair, Sam glances over and finds her leaning back with a deceptively lazy expression. “Bobby Singer’s coming?” she asks.

Oh right. He hasn’t had a chance to tell her yet. “Yeah, I called him this morning to tell him about Dean. He wants to help.”

Sam expects Bela to complain about his high-handedness in bringing Bobby in without consulting her first, but she only says, “He’s a good man to have in a tight spot. Is there anyone else you want in on the job?”

Sam considers it for a few moments, but really there’s only one answer he can give. Everyone that he knows well enough to ask for this kind of favor is dead: victims of Meg’s killing spree last year. There’s Ellen, who’s a hard ass if he ever met one, but Sam isn’t sure that she actually hunts, and then there’s Jo to consider. They may not have the specs for the Arena yet, but Sam’s seen enough to know that any rescue attempt is going to be risky as hell.

“No,” he says finally.

Bela nods. “All right. I’ve got some people I can call.”

“Mercenaries?” Sam asks. He tries to keep his voice neutral, but from the way that Bela’s eyebrow arches, he fails miserably.

“Better: fanatics.” Her lips twist wryly around the word, as though she’s amused that anyone could be devoted enough to an idea to merit the name. “They’re cheaper and they’ll throw themselves into the line of fire for the right cause.”

“Fan—oh yeah, that’s a great idea!” Sam’s voice is rising—riding the edge of incredulous and angry—but he isn’t in the mood to restrain himself. “A couple of suicide bombers is exactly what we need right now.”

Bela regards him with a superior expression that she has to have practiced in the mirror. “Since you don’t have any more warm bodies to contribute, you’ll have to make do with what I can provide. We’re going to need at least four. Besides, the men I have in mind are dedicated and incredibly skilled, with the added benefit of being disposable.”

It takes Sam a moment to work through what she means by ‘disposable’ and then he accuses, “You’re actually planning of using them that way, aren’t you? You’re just going to throw them at Vincent and—and what, distract him?”

Bela laughs, all casual ease. “You know very well that we can’t make any sort of plan without more information.”

Frowning, Sam twists his chair so that he’s facing her directly and leans forward. “Nothing specific, no, but I’m not wrong, am I? You’re planning on sending them to their deaths.”

Maybe it’s his body language. Maybe it’s the accusation in his tone. Whatever the reason, Bela’s carefree mask slips and Sam is left looking at someone with sharp, glassy eyes and a hard set to her mouth. Sam read somewhere that windows are the eyes to the soul, but you couldn’t prove it by Bela.

“Do you want your brother back or not?” she demands.

“That isn’t the poin—”

“That’s exactly the point,” Bela interrupts. Color is high in her cheeks: shame or anger. Sam’s betting on anger. “I don’t know if you noticed, but the Arena is basically a vault designed to hold your brother.”

Sam isn’t sure he’d go that far: it would have taken three or four years to plan and build something like the Arena, and there’s no way Vincent was stalking Dean that long. But whether the man intended it from the beginning or not, it’s obvious that Bela is right about what the Arena has become: a multi-million dollar lock box and showcase for Vincent’s prize acquisition.

“Vincent wants to keep Dean as badly as you want him back,” Bela continues, “So if you want this rescue attempt to have any chance of working, you’re going to have to get off that high horse of yours and wallow in the mud a bit with the rest of us.”

Get off yours and I’ll get off mine, Sam thinks, but he bites the words back. Arguing with Bela over just who’s being superior here, while gratifying, won’t help Dean. He can’t let what she said about Dean slide, though: can’t let her diminish his need for his brother like that.

“There is no way in hell that son of a bitch wants Dean more than I need him,” he says.

Bela shakes her head with a disbelieving scoff. “Do you know how much money he’s made over the last six months? Do you have the vaguest idea?”

Actually, Sam doesn’t. From the breadcrumbs Bela has dropped, he knows that the man spent a little over half a million ‘acquiring’ Dean in the first place—between the drugs and hiring the sniper and Bela’s fee—and it can’t be cheap to operate something as complex as the Arena. Or the mirror sites in London and Morocco and God only knows where else. That has to take a chunk out of Vincent’s net profits.

“Two million?” he hazards.

Bela offers him a smile that doesn’t reach her flat eyes. “Triple that and you still won’t be close. Dean is Vincent’s goose, and he’s going to keep laying golden eggs for a long, long time.”

Something in what Bela’s saying nags at Sam, making him frown. He turns her words over in his head and, after a moment, remembers. “You said that before.”

Bela goes still, her righteous anger disappearing behind a mask of caution. “What?”

“You said it last night—that Dean was going to be there a long time. I thought you meant Vincent wasn’t going to let him die in any of his matches, but that isn’t it, is it? You were talking about something else.”

Bela cuts her eyes away from him and rises. Shutting her laptop, she says brusquely, “I have some things I need to do.”

“You can tell me now or I can make you tell me later,” Sam says. His voice is soft, but there’s enough of a threat underlining the words that Bela’s hand twitches toward the gun again. There’s a cornered set to her shoulders, though, and Sam’s suspicion has cleared his mind enough that he knows he’s in no real danger. Not from her.

He laughs and it isn’t a particularly nice sound. “You aren’t going to kill me, Bela. You need me. Just like I need you.”

“That doesn’t mean I can’t shoot you,” Bela points out, lifting the gun and turning it in his direction.

Sam’s pulse speeds a little at the sight, but that’s just instinct. The newfound surety inside of his chest that she’s never going to pull the trigger doesn’t waver.

“You won’t,” he says, pushing his chair back and swinging his legs up on the table. “Because then you’d have to explain to Vincent why you put a bullet in your latest boy toy. That’d be a little difficult, don’t you think?”

“You can’t hurt me either,” Bela says, but the gun is wavering in her hands now, and Sam can tell that she sees something on his face that she doesn’t like. He offers her a wide grin.

“Sure I can. You think Vincent would buy it if I told him you liked it rough? I think he would. I think he’d eat it up, and you know why? Because you already used that excuse to explain the bruises on your wrist. And you were planning on using it again today.”

She flushes at that, and her bruised throat works as she swallows.

Sam tries to tell himself that he isn’t enjoying this, but he can’t quite manage the lie. Leaning back further in his chair, he folds his hands in his lap. “Now, what do you know about my brother that I don’t?”

Taking refuge behind the scorn she’s so well practiced at, Bela says, “Believe me when I say that would take far too much time to answer.”

“Fine. What did you mean when you said he’d be there for a long time?”

She's silent long enough that Sam is considering making good on his threat, mulling it over in his head without the faintest tremor of unease or remorse, and then she says, “It’s a side effect of the bonding. Animal spirits are immortal, and now that it’s part of your brother that trait has … altered him.”

“Dean’s immortal?” Sam says skeptically. If Bela thinks he’s gonna buy that one, she’s even more arrogant than he thought she was.

“Not precisely.” Bela lowers the gun—either her arm got tired or she finally realized how ridiculous she looked, standing there and pointing it at him. “Dean has gained part of the wolf’s immortality, but the reverse is also true.” She pauses, lets out a low exhale, and then says, “In essence, the bonding slows down the aging process.”

Suddenly, Sam isn’t so sure she’s lying. “By how much?”

“I’m not certain. The oldest berserker mentioned in Tyr’s Bible was four hundred and eighty when he died. But then again, he was almost sixty when he first bonded. I’d guess that your brother has at least a thousand years ahead of him. Probably more.”

Sam’s stomach drops so abruptly that he grabs the table in a reflexive attempt to halt the fall his body isn’t actually taking. His feet slip from the table and hit the floor hard. “Jesus Christ,” he whispers.

Bela lowers herself back into her seat and sets the gun on the table. Her face is earnest when she asks, “Do you really want to leave him in Vincent’s hands for that long? In a few centuries, he won’t even remember your name. He won’t know anything but killing and fucking.”

Sam can’t quite hide his flinch at the bluntness of her words. Dropping his eyes, he clears his throat and then says, “Vincent’s human. He’s not gonna be around that long.”

“No, he won’t,” Bela agrees. “But he does have children, Sam. And one day they’ll grow up and have children of their own and your brother will be nothing but an itemized entry on the list of Camargo Industry’s assets. A living, money-making heirloom that Vincent can pass down to all of his descendants.”

For a moment, Sam can see it in his head so clearly that he isn’t sure it’s not a vision: a future so far away that the world isn’t recognizable any longer, everything that Dean knew ground down to dust. Cyborgs for Dean to fight instead of normal humans, sometimes pure machines built for no other purpose than to give the Fenrir a good work out: bullet-fast anti-gravity balls with blades and a hunger for Dean’s blood. And an endless parade of sweat-soaked nights: Dean’s body sold to the highest bidder, traded for favors.

Bela’s right. After being treated like an animal not just for years but for centuries, Dean won’t remember his own name, let alone Sam’s. He’ll just be the Fenrir. As mindless and obedient as a dog.

“It’s not going to happen.” The words scrape out through Sam’s dry lips. They sound hollow.

They sound like a lie.

“It will if you don’t decide to step up to the plate,” Bela snaps.

Sam’s chest aches with a savage mixture of anger and despair and guilt and something else (colder) that he can only call determination, although that isn’t a strong enough word for it. The truth of the matter is that he would have sacrificed the men Bela wants to bring in even before he knew about Dean’s extended life span. He would have done it and not lost any sleep over it afterward. He only argued out of habit, and an obscure desire to needle Bela the way she’s bent on needling him.

But now Bela has stripped away the last, lingering threads of morality—or maybe it was only the illusion of morality—that Sam was clinging to.

After a moment, he raises his head and says, “You’re a real piece of work, you know that?”

“Takes one to know one,” Bela responds with a slight, satisfied smile. Standing, she tucks the gun away at the small of her back. “I have a business meeting with Vincent this afternoon. While I’m out, I want you to head down to the casino. Maybe do a little sight-seeing.”

Sam flexes his fingers. There’s no blood there: no deaths over his head. But for the first time he’s certain that there will be—not precisely innocents, but people who have at least never done him or Dean any harm.

He doesn’t care.

“Sam.”

“I’m not in the mood,” he grunts.

“I don’t particularly care,” Bela shoots back. “We did well last night, but Vincent’s still going to be watching you.” Her mouth twists. “He doesn’t trust me.”

How wise of Vincent. Sam himself would sooner trust a demon’s word than Bela’s. Demons lie, but at least when they make a deal, they stick to it. Sam can’t shake the feeling that Bela is just waiting for the right moment to sink a knife in his back.

Shoulder blades itching, he leans forward and rests his elbows on his knees. “Then why wouldn’t he be watching you?”

“He will be. I’m meeting with him, remember? But while I’m doing that, I need you to be very visibly enjoying yourself. You’re free to entertain yourself however you want, just as long as you act the spoiled rich boy while you’re doing it.”

Reaching down to the chair beside the one she was using, Bela retrieves her purse. She puts it on the table and digs around in it for a moment. When she comes up again, she’s holding a thin leather wallet. She opens the wallet and pulls out what looks like a credit card. When she hands it to Sam, he sees that it has the Bellagio’s name in the place he expected to find Visa or American Express.

“There’s a five thousand dollar credit,” Bela says. “If you decide to try your hand at the tables, do try not to lose it all in one place: it’s going to have to last you until we make our move.”

“Fine,” Sam says, turning the piece of plastic over in his hands. Five thousand dollars. It isn’t three percent of what Vincent paid Bela for Dean.

“And put something suitable on before you go out,” Bela adds, raking her eyes over Sam’s t-shirt and jeans. “Pretty as you are, I didn’t buy those clothes for my own amusement.”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Turns out high stakes poker isn’t much different from the poker he and Dean used to play when they needed some fast cash. Playing for five hundred dollars a hand takes some getting used to at first, but Sam quickly settles into it. When he returns to the suite around five o’clock, he’s actually managed to add to his expense account.

And the gambling turned out to be fairly good distraction from his rising nerves. From thoughts about Dean fighting again tonight: about seeing him afterwards. About the things that he wants to say to his brother, and God, Sam doesn’t even know where to start.

Bela isn’t in the suite when he lets himself in, but the note she taped to Sam’s door is pretty difficult to miss. He stands there staring at it for a long moment, numb and uncomprehending. His hand shakes as he finally reaches out and takes it down. He heads over to the bar with the shuffling gait of an old man and drops into one of the seats. Sits there with his fingers trembling and reads the note again.

I’ve arranged for the rest of the week, but Dean’s appointment for tonight refuses to cancel. I’d appreciate it if you didn’t take your frustration out on me: I can’t work miracles. 

I already told Vincent you wouldn’t be joining us tonight, so don’t bother showing up. You’ll only upset yourself and make him more suspicious. We still have appearances to keep up, of course, so I left you tickets for several of the better shows this evening. They’re at the front desk under Simon Carver. 

Use one. 

Bela

P.S. I’m serious, Sam. Don’t fuck this up over one more night.

Sam crumples the paper in one fist and puts his head down on the bar. The wood is cool against his feverish skin. When he closes his eyes, all he can see is Dean on his back with a blurred, androgynous body on top of him. Dean himself is in sharp focus, eyes tightly closed and face turned to one side in mingled disgust and shame.

“Goddamn it,” Sam whispers, and then he’s crying: great, helpless sobs that leave him gasping for breath. After a few minutes, he stumbles to his bathroom and kneels in front of the toilet. Hangs onto the lid and watches everything he ate today come up again.

Although he attends one of Bela’s shows, as Sam rides the elevator back up to the suite later that night, he realizes that he didn’t actually see anything but his brother. Didn’t hear anything but Dean’s voice: Dean doing something he’d never actually do in real life.

Dean begging Sam to help him, to get him out of there, to put a bullet in his head if there’s no other way.

“Never,” Sam whispers, but he knows that if it comes down to it—if their escape attempt goes FUBAR—that his last act on this earth will be to put his brother where no one can hurt him ever again.