When Sam decided that the only place that Jessica would transport him was his Pottery Barn hell of suburbia he was wrong. Whilst it was true that the town had a truly dark side in many ways it was an improvement on the place he found himself in with no memory of Jessica, and convinced he was mad from the shadows that flitted about his vision.

Hell is worse than that strange little town with it's Hellish netherworld. Hell is working in a call centre answering the same questions over and over again when a recording would easily suffice.

He lives in a small apartment with a bed he has to lie diagonally across to fit in, with Jess as his sometimes there sometimes not girlfriend. In fact if not for the sex he'd go mad.

It lasts months.

Months of driving a piece of shit jeep that is determined to fall apart at a misplaced look.

Months of living off packet ramen and pasta bakes with packaged salads for lunch and instant coffee.

Months of polo shirts and "have you tried switching it on and off" before the angels reveal that that this was a test for Dean and Sam was an unfortunate casualty.

Months of a hell so bland it wasn't worth killing himself over, although most of his work mates did, and all to show Dean that he was born a hunter.

Dean is distant, but he tells Bobby that he had wanted to quit.

Since the Siren Dean doesn't talk to Sam much.

Since the Siren Sam doesn't really want to blame him.

No, Sam knows, he's wrong, since Dean came back from Hell he doesn't talk much to anyone but Castiel.

Jessica is a better conversationalist anyway.

Ben's books are explicit about his "infection". They call it the "Corruption" or the "Demon curse". It only refers to it in abstracts but one thing that all the books agree on, it is invariably fatal. It drives the victim mad and then body hops to someone more suited and carries on the infection.

It reads like he's contracted the T-Virus.

It doesn't mention the woman sat on his bed playing with the remote control or the horde of imps having an impromptu battle royale on the rug over a mouse one of them found in a dumpster, unaware that when they gave it to Daisy Ray to hold she ate it anyway.

It doesn't mention the town.

It does mention that the infection hungers and that only the blood will appease it. It suggests that the more powerful the supplier of blood the better it will appease his hunger.

It also mentions that according to legend a god was once infected. It called him Seth.

Sam has never met a real god, just a few minor supernatural creatures pretending to be gods, so he has no answer when he mentions calmly to Dean that perhaps Seth might have some answers in their plan to defeat Lucifer but it's a pity because he was a god and his priesthood has been dead for thousands of years and Dean says that they might just phone him.

He's pretty sure that Dean is winding him up when he dials and maintains a conversation with someone called Horace, but he does tell Sam it's sorted. That they can talk later, that Seth doesn't like the phone.

Dean's sense of humour has twisted since he returned from Hell.

Sam knows that too.

Other than that, because apparently Dean gets the god's voice mail the second time and has to leave a message - Dean won't let a good joke slide given the opportunity, it's business as usual.

Usual being that anything goes in the Great Winchester book of Wierdness, but that there is a series of books about them written by a hack in the midwest, and that apparently girls are writing epic stories of love between him and Dean, obviously deserves it's own chapter.

Once he gets past what the girls refer to as "the squick factor" of other people seeing his brother like that, mixed with a healthy dose of jealousy and loathing, he starts to wonder what else is in the books, which Dean seems determined to read.

The books might hold Dean's secrets.

The books might hold his.

There is something icredibly intimate and secret about incest, he thinks, and the image of himself drinking Ruby's blood from Dean's mouth appeals. He has to rearrange himself in his pants just thinking about it.

The image changes, to Dean pouring Castiel's blood into his own mouth, of Dean impaled upon Sam's erection, rocking back and forth as Sam drinks the angel's blood from his mouth, smearing it around his brother's lips as Jess sits behind, holding him, watching, murmuring, feeding as he feeds, fucking as he fucks.

At the moment Dean is stuffing his face with chili cheese fries so the image, no matter how pleasant is hard to maintain. Watching Dean eat is either an erotic experience or a scene from a horror movie. It's more pleasant watching the Darklings feed and that's like the dinner scene from the Dark Crystal.

Watching Dean eat is the real reason Sam tries to eat healthy, because half of what Dean puts in his person is enough to put people off food for life, never mind the way he eats it.

The Dark within him can spawn tentacles which can force their way down a man's throat and swallow his heart down from the inside.

And it's not nearly as disgusting as watching Dean eat a yoghurt.

He has seen the Darklings suck down intestines like they were spaghetti, with the meat flipping back to slap them bloodily in the face.

And it's not nearly as disgusting as watching Dean eat enchiladas.

He eats with the same passion he gives to hunting and for a while Sam entertains the concept of being the centre of that focus, that passion, that need. He imagines it's like being burned alive.

Castiel's implacable gaze is uncomfortable. It sinks over Sam and weighs him down with it's blank perfection. But Sam can almost smell the fire that burns within the angel, and knows it is a candle next to Dean's forest fire.

Castiel smoulders and Dean blazes.

Dean's hands are calloused from handling guns. His skin is coarse and dry. His palms are like sandpaper and would brush roughly against Sam's own skin. Would Castiel's be softer? warmer? colder? he wonders. He imagines Dean touching Castiel, sandpaper palms on suede, and licks his lips.

And Dean would do this for Sam, he'd fuck the angel for Sam to watch, whilst Castiel was blindfolded, a morsel in this feast, not to partake but to be taken, and Dean's green eyes flashing at Sam over his shoulder as he sucks angry red marks on Castiel's white skin.

Sam would be on his throne, emperor of all he surveyed, with Jess on her knees before him, mouth open as Sam thrust inside raggedly, his hands in her hair but focussed on what Dean was doing, what Dean was doing for him.

Jess stands up, a sinuous inky black line of darkening hair and slinky dress and smiles, sliding unto the bed behind him with an unearthyl sinuous grace "you shouldn't just imagine," she chides him as she bites at his ear lobe with her sharp-sharp white teeth, "if you want, then need it, and if you need it, take it."

Sam doesn't turn, she hovers over his shoulder, she almost always does. "What are you?" he asks, thinking of the descriptions in the book of the Corruption, and there is no doubt that that is what she is.

Jess smiles and kisses his neck softly as she wraps her arms about his chest, "I'm whatever you want me to be." She answers, and then her voice is Dean, "I'm whoever you need me to be." The arms around him are stronger, muscular, bare, "I'm here for you to take. To feed, to cherish, to make us both stronger, richer, deeper."

When she kisses him, forcing her tongue into his mouth Sam doesn't really care anymore that she never answered the question.

Seth comes to Sam in a dream, which gives him two equal and opposite reactions. One that he is freaked out that he is talking to a god in a dream. The other the steady reassurance of it being much more logical to talk to a god in a dream than say on a cell phone.

Seth appears in a comfortable sitting room with over stuffed couches and a few tasteful pieces of Egyptian art, including a lovely watercolour of women at dawn carrying water. It's not what Sam expects at all.

Seth is, afterall, the god of chaos and disorder, and he lives in a rather nice air conditioned house that is kept immaculately tidy apart from a glomerular knot of wires that form an umbilicus from a large screen tv to a game system. It is currently flashing on standby.

Instead of a sand coloured carpet, as one might expect of a desert god, there is a nice dark red and brown Spanish tile and a low table with a french press of coffee and several fruit tarts.

"You must be Sam," the god says and Sam is frankly disappointed.

Seth looks mostly meditteranean with dark dark eyes but a shaved head. He looks like a businessman with a perfect tan and shining pate. His grin is all teeth and there is a red stripe on his tie, and his socks, visible where his pant leg has ridden up from crossed legs, are red too. His shoes, however, like the suit, appear handmade.

"Hathor said you were taller." He puts a strange inflection on the name, something Sam quite recognise but his accent is pure deep south. It's a sexy black molasses drawl. "She wasn't taken with your or your brother, but Hathor don't like new folk none. I, on the other hand, darlin, I could gobble you up."

"Is she your wife?" Sam asks.

"Hathor?" Seth responds with a laugh, "I like my balls where they are, thank you." He looks at the game station, "I asked Horace to step out, to give us some time alone to talk. Dean told him you had questions about what you were reading, about the qeqou"

It's funny because although Sam doesn't know the word, he doesn't even know what language it's from, he knows what it means. It is the word Seth uses for the Darkness within him. He can see it now that he looks at the edges of Seth's eyes, in the corners of his mouth, the folds of his ears.

Seth appraises him, "how does it manifest for you?" Sam asks.

Seth replies with a question. "Do you know what it is?" Sam takes a deep breath but says nothing. "I didn't think so, well, darlin, it seems it likes you, maybe you're a keeper. I can tell you what I know, and him downstairs," he looks at his feet, "he can tell you other things, and those upstairs," he flicks his eyes to the ceiling, "will tell you something else entire."

"I was told it was pure entropy." Sam admits, and leans forward to pour himself a cup of the coffee, which is stronger than he likes, so he adds sugar.

"That's a fair description," Seth agrees, "but it's," he takes the cup Sam offers him, "it's. It's the other side of the coin," it's clear Sam doesn't understand that either.

"It aint easy to explain." He says taking a deep breath of his coffee, holding it in his lungs and closing his eyes. "Like trying to explain an elephant to a blind man, ever hear the story of that, the three blind men and the elephant." Sam nods, he can imagine how the story goes though he's never heard it. "We're the three blind men, darlin, and it's the elephant. You, me, and him downstairs."

"Lucifer?" Sam asks.

"If that's what you want to call him. Every coin has two sides and an edge. Some of us live on the edge with the people above, the normals, and the people below, the hell spawn. Those that live on the edge straddle both worlds, right. But the meat of those worlds are seperated." He empties his cup in a single swallow and then fills it again.

"We're receptacles, darlin, like cups to hold the coffee, and not everyone can hold it."

Sam thinks of the man he went to hunt, screaming - make it stop make it stop - with half of his brain hanging out of his skull. "And what's the coffee?"

"Anti-creation, the inevitable death of all things, the corruption, it is as much part of life as energy, it is the absence of it given will, form, by the receptacle. How does it manifest for you?"

"An old girlfriend," Sam answers, "she died."

"Sometimes," Seth said, "it's a great black dog that lies at my feet, and sometimes it's a woman that lies in my bed with skin like black marble and the mouth on her, darlin, it would curl that pretty hair of yours." He looks distant. "Sometimes it's a shadow that curls around me like smoke."

"Demons are human souls who were corrupted through exposure, darlin, they are the smallest part of what we are. Horace said you were the boy-king, it must be why it likes you, all that power, that potential, demon blood?" The question is just tacked on.

Sam nods. "God's blood is better, you could find a willing donor if you asked around, but any supernatural entity will do. To feed it human would need a genocide, and god knows it's created those before in it's hunger."

"Why?"

"Because that's what it is, darlin," Seth answers calmly, "it is hunger and chaos and a hundred other things, it's the great Dark, the fear that lurks under the bed and against the windows at night. It's the shapeless horror you hear when you're walking late at night. It aint anything but hunger and need and want."

"And Lucifer?"

"As I hear, and remember this is only hearsay, the angels lied, him upstairs sent Lucifer to check out his neighbour and he came back infected, this darkness all over and through him, so him upstairs threw him out, turfed him over the edge of the coin and into the dark where it was strongest. I heard all sorts of legends about it, Horace said that he was holding back the flood of it, but Horace aint too reliable. He flew a little too much."

"So release Lucifer and it will follow."

"In a torrent."

Sam protested. "It doesn't want him freed."

"No, darlin," Seth corrected, "it just don't care. Now you be eating those tarts, don't want Horace coming back and getting hopped up on sugar, he's bad enough normal like." He rolls his eyes but it's fond. "Boy wanders off if you give him too much sugar and half the time you can't trust him to tie his laces right."

Then the look Seth gives him is cold and assessing, "she's always gonna be the girl you never should'a smiled at," he says, "but there's a wickedness there, if you're willing to plumb it, chaos aint all bad, it aint never lonely, darlin, and it never ends."