That day on the set Jensen can't stop staring at Jared. He'd walked in that morning tall and beautiful, skin bronzed and almost too perfect just like usual, but then, bam! He was sporting Jensen's T-shirt. Wearing it like he was nervous and shy about it, and Jensen couldn't believe the heat that spread through his belly when he saw how conscious Jared was of his shirt.

Jared doesn't make it halfway to his monogrammed pseudo-director's chair before Kripke stops him for a quick chat about Sam this and Dean that. He crosses his arms over his chest, tightening the fabric over his biceps and chest, and Jensen trips over a few wires that should have been easy to avoid trying to watch the way the T-shirt's logo clings to unyielding muscle and smooth skin. Untangling his feet from the wires, Jensen looks up to find Jared watching him out of the corner of his eye.

When Jared sees that he's caught out, guilty as charged, he blushes a dewy sort of pink that starts at his ears and makes it's way slowly across his cheekbones, and Jensen realizes that they are so fucked.

Jared falls asleep in the makeup chair next to Jensen's, slouching down while the shirt rides up, and Jensen thinks that now he's wearing the shirt like he loves the smell of it, the feel of it, and isn't it actually the smell and feel of Jensen that Jared's reacting to? Jensen tries to reason it through, No, it's just the shirt. It's damn comfy, that's why it's my favorite, but he knows. All of the blondes or brunettes that Jared can pick up with their endless, soft lines and flowing hair mean nothing, because Jensen knows.

It's not just a shirt. It's Jensen's shirt.

And when Jared wakes up and stretches, turning sleepy, smoldering eyes to Jensen like he knows he'll be there, like he's forgotten about the makeup trailer and is back on Jensen's couch, Jensen licks his lips and wonders where the nearest supply closet is. Jared's changed again; now he's wearing the shirt like he wants to take it off, wants to rip the fabric in his haste, wants to get it caught on one arm, rucked up under his arching back, because he's in such a hurry to get skin on skin on mouth on cock.

Jensen shifts uncomfortably; no amount of leg crossing can hide what's going on in his lap, and just stares and stares.

Jared lets his eyes slide closed and pulls his arms above his head, stretching and showing every groove of his ribcage through the shirt, revealing the dark line of wispy hair that leads down his taught stomach and disappears under the waistband of his jeans. Jensen comes this close to lunging out of his chair and onto Jared, before Jared's stretch collapses like a deflated balloon and his eyes clear as he looks quickly away.

Why are you denying it? Jensen wonders.

Jared's tense back asks, Why do you think it's even there at all?

"Jared," Jensen says softly, and when Jared turns, his face is a sunburst of confusion and admiration and something balanced behind the iris that scars whatever it touches, and Jensen thinks, This is why.

***

They're filming the indoor segments of Scarecrow today, and Jared's in costume now, Jensen's shirt handed back with a mumbled, "Thanks," and Jensen still can't get the body-warmed feel of the cloth to leave his fingers. Before stuffing the garment into his locker, he presses his nose to the wrinkled bundle of fabric, flashing back to the scent of the couch cushions that morning and getting hard all over again.

Goddamn, thinks Jensen, and no way Dean is gonna fly with a boner this size waving in the wind. There's absolutely no reason for him to have one, either, considering he's being arrested in this scene and Jensen really doesn't think Dean gets off on that. (Or, if he does, it sure isn't in the script.)

Left with no choice, Jensen stands strategically behind a potted plant while he charitably offers to let the Sam scenes be filmed first. Neither of them likes being covered in powder and blush all day, and Jensen usually ignores Jared's cracks about his baby-fine skin, insisting on being filmed immediately if they have any separate scenes so that he can scrub his cheeks and forehead clean as soon as possible. This time though, Jensen's offer is accepted, and Jared quirks a questioning eyebrow, but Jensen waves him off.

"Got things to do, people to be, Jerry."

Jared's eyes narrow, "I told you not to call me that."

Jensen feels his lips stretch in a truly evil grin, "Well now, isn't that a shame… Geraldine."

He's tempted to take the leafy plant with him when he runs to hide the fact that he's still half hard, but Jared has long legs, and Jensen figures the sprinting he's doing will hide the lump anyway.

Luckily, Kripke starts calling for Jared before anyone gets trampled or Jensen gets maimed, and Jared stomps back to the cluster of cameras and lights growling and straightening his clothes. Jensen just doubles over and laughs until the ground start to blur through the tears in his eyes.

***

After work, Jensen knows he shouldn't push his luck, really he does, but he can't resist, and a few more well placed "Geraldo's" and "Jare-bear's" has him running for his life again, trying not to get a cramp because he's giggling like he hasn't since he was in sixth grade and accidentally got a look up Suzy Colby's pink, frilly skirt.

Jared catches him, but just barely, the fingers of his hand reaching, reaching, and finding the collar of Jensen's jacket, hooking firmly into the cloth as Jared yanks forcibly backward. Jensen's ready, though, and with a quick twist of his shoulders the jacket is off and he's scampering away again, Jared swearing a blue streak behind him.

"Come on, Jerry-Lou-Who, where's your spirit of adventure?" Jensen howls, hanging a sharp left and pushing through the doors to the parking lot. It's chilly outside, and the wind rips through his T-shirt, digging its teeth in with the finality of a shark attack. Jensen has just dropped behind the nearest car when Jared bursts out of the double doors, breathing heavily.

"Where are you, you fucker! This isn't fair!" Jared oscillates wildly between the rows of cars, hair sticking to the light sheen of sweat on his forehead.

"Waa waa… you're breaking my heart. Shouldn't you be heading home?" Jensen drawls, before keeping low and scurrying behind the next car in line. Jared's stupidly huge feet are loud even as he tries to be stealthy, and Jensen smiles and starts working his way towards the side of the building and eventual escape around the west face.

"Fuck home…" He hears Jared huff and Jensen, using that to judge his position in relation to his hunter, makes a break for it.

The bricks are shockingly hard when he's slammed against them, and suddenly he has six foot five of angry Jared plastered against his back and a nose-full of gritty brick dust.

"Got you," Jared growls in his ear, and the combination of his hot breath and the chafe of 5 o'clock stubble has Jensen shoving his hips back in a silent plea before he even realizes what's happening. Jared sucks in a quiet gasp and seems to solidify, becoming a block of wood, and Jensen feels like his heart is beating through his chest.

Stupid stupid stupid!!! How could you fuck this up?!

And then his back is scraping the bricks instead and Jared it right up in his face.

"What the fuck was that?" Jared whispers, but he doesn't sound angry. Jensen can feel his hands trembling where he's clutching Jensen's biceps.

"I… don't know?" Jensen tries, and the look etched across Jared's features is a knife's edge of indecision. On the one side is a punch to the gut, a broken nose, and probably a trip to the hospital. On the other side however, judging from the way Jared's gaze flares and licks over Jensen's face like it's the best kind of ice cream, is a whole lot of sex.

Jensen wets his lips nervously.

Jared leans an elbow on the wall above Jensen's head, effectively trapping him in.

"What are we doing," a soft, bewildered whisper of sound on Jensen's face as Jared brings his other hand up to cup Jensen's jaw.

Jensen makes a split-second choice, "Kissing, that's all. Nothing but kissing," he manages to rasp out, before he can't wait anymore and he's hooking his fingers into Jared's belt loops and yanking him closer.

At first, it's just light brushes of nose and lips, Jared's head dipping this way while Jensen's tilts that way and they try to find a fit that will work, an angle that can measure what's happening between them in degrees of mouth and tongue and panted breaths. Jensen's hands have taken hold of the hard ridge of pelvic bone on either side of Jared's body, conquering through denim and boxer, his fingers digging into the beginning swell of ass while his thumbs mark the hollows of Jared's hips. Jensen lets out a shuddery breath he didn't realize he was holding, feeling it break over Jared's chin, before Jared's proprietary hand pushes Jensen's jaw up that extra inch and they're there.

The liquid, velvet slick of flesh against flesh takes over Jensen's world until his mouth is open so far he's sure Jared's examining his tonsils with that tongue, and he wouldn't have it any other way. The low, vulnerable sound Jared's making deep in his throat has Jensen forgetting how to breathe.

Hands fumbling at his fly are the last thing Jensen expects, but he's too far gone to protest (Think about this, be sure, this isn't only a fuck to me) so he just widens his stance and tips his hips forward in mute invitation. His eyes are closed, and Jensen isn't sure if the attack of vertigo is from his head falling back or Jared tonguing along his neck, nipping at the sensitive skin below his ear.

The shock when he's pulled out of his boxer-briefs and exposed to the cold is marked by a sharp intake of breath on his part, but then it's Jared's rough fingers that make him let it out a choked off moan. Jared lets his forehead drop onto Jensen's shoulder, and Jensen can feel him gasping onto the damp skin of his neck. Another zipper sizzles open in the humid space between them, and Jensen jumps before Jared's shoving his hips closer, lining up their cocks, and wrapping his big hand around both of them. Jared's calluses feel unbelievable against Jensen, and he can feel his eyes roll back in his head as Jared's name rips itself from his lips.

"Jared…!"

"Fuck, Jensen… ah, god," Jared is whimpering, moist in Jensen's ear, a staccato rhythm of strokes bringing them both closer to the edge, when they each hear the hiss of the hydraulic hinges on the door that leads to the lot.

Male laughter echoes, and Jared has become petrified, both of their eyes snapping open. Jensen is staring at a fading purple sky, brilliant rents of orange and a wash of pink announcing another spectacular Vancouver sunset. Jared can see Jensen's pulse pounding in his neck, the skin fluttering over his jugular; see his adams apple bobbing up and down as he tries to swallow, tries to breath, tries to anything.

Luckily they're hidden, but barely. They're tangled together immediately around the corner from the door, and the two camera grips standing on the stoop can't be more than fifteen feet from a public indecency charge waiting to happen.

Jared begins to pull back, obviously panicking, and Jensen starts to get pissed. Royally, no-you-fucking-didn't pissed off. No way is he going to get within seconds of the orgasm of his young life (With Jared for fuck's sake! Don't these people have any sense of timing?), and have it get snatched away by Ted and Eugene from Hyuck-hyuck, Tennessee.

No. Fucking. Way.

"Don't you fucking move," Jensen hisses, reaching up to wrap an arm around Jared's neck, and down to curl his remaining hand around Jared's fistful of their dicks, "Unless it's to jerk me off… understand?"

Jared quivers against him, visibly turned on by the order, but starts to shake his head, "No, we can't, they'll –"

"I don't care, Jared. All I care about is you," Jensen grits, deliberately twisting their combined hands, rubbing his thumb through the sticky pre-come on the head of Jared's cock, and watching with burning satisfaction as Jared bites his lip savagely. A small spot of blood appears, but Jared keeps biting down, desperate to stay quiet.

Jensen only continues to jerk his fist and eventually Jared gets with the program, and seals his open mouth against Jensen's neck, muffling his helpless groans by letting them vibrate through Jensen's skin. When he comes, he sucks a gigantic hickey onto Jensen's collar bone because he's trying not to make any noise, and the stinging bruise has Jensen biting his own wrist where it's slung around Jared's neck to keep from screaming as he pulses over their twined fingers.

***

The last few minutes are a haze, and Jensen can't really remember a lot. Only that Jared zipped them both up with a gentle touch and gentler words, saying something like, "so good" and "sorry" and "my fault", which didn't make any sense anyway, because how could something as awesome as Jared giving him a hand job in the fucking parking lot be something that needed apologizing for? Jensen wants to sing and dance and paint the town not just red but orange and yellow and sparkling gold, so he's confused when Jared tucks him into his car, he's confused when he drives away, waving to Jared in the rearview, and he's confused when he pulls into his garage.

It's the musty smell of long-decayed mulch that smacks him upside the head as soon as he steps outside of his car and snaps him back to reality. Blanching, he manages to grab onto the top of his car door. His fingers are practically bending the metal, before he starts calling himself, his mother, and his second cousin every name in the book because, "Holy shit, he was freaking out."

Jensen announces this to the mouse droppings and the rusty rake in the corner with the gravity of a President declaring total war, before he swings himself into the driver's seat again and squeals back onto the road, burning rubber all the way to the studio.

Jared is not there.

"Fuck! Fuck, where is he?" Jensen cruises slowly through the rows of hulking SUVs and sleek Corvettes, eyes peeled for a fluttering plaid shirt or a gray hoodie, knowing he needs to reach his co-star before the fall-out gets truly nasty. He's close to screaming in frustration before he remembers.

The bar! Jared's bar! With the mixed drinks and the tiny umbrellas and the complete lack of testosterone! Jensen crows triumphantly in his head, peeling out of the lot and speeding to Jared's favorite hangout.

***

The gaudy pink awning and flashing neon lights are just as he remembers them from the one time Jared tried to bring him here. He'd absolutely refused to set foot inside ("Don't you know, Jared? A man could lose his pride in there! I hear they keep eunuchs in the back, to serve the drinks! Do you want that to happen to me? I'm pretty enough!" And, all right, enough already, he'd been drunk from the two previous bars they'd hopped that night), but this time he squares his shoulders, gives his balls a last protective squeeze, and marches into the belly of the beast.

Fortunately, the first thing that he sees is Jared. Unfortunately, the second thing that Jensen sees is the giggling redhead Jared's frantically making out with, as if every kiss makes him a little straighter, and every inch her skirt slips up makes him a little less Jensen-inclined.

Jensen doesn't even try to get Jared's attention, doesn't attempt to pick his stomach up off the floor, or peel his heart off of the wall where Jared's smashed it. His eyes aren't watering either, nuh-uh. It's only because his windows are open as far as they'll go and all the road grit is blowing in his face, catching in his eyes and his lashes, scratching up his corneas.

He leaves the lights off when he gets home, but he never did need to see to sniff his way to a good jug of booze, fuck the morning-after hangover. And fuck-you-very-much too, Jared, Jensen thinks, tipping the mouth of the bottle in the general direction of his ruined fantasy, before settling his mouth around the rim and taking a good, long chug.