When they brought Mike back to Tina, he lowered his head and did not look anyone in the eyes. His walking was labored, slow, as if he was physically hurting far too much to move with his usual grace. Tina took him by the arm and led him inside. She knew that she had to remain strong and keep up a hard, strong face until they were in private, but there was something horrible about his demeanor. He was walking like a broken man.

"Mike?" she whispered, the moment that the door was closed and locked. She cupped a hand on the side of his face and moved his gaze towards her, but he still kept his head down. "Oh god Mike."

"Miss, I..." Mike swallowed. "Please, don't."

"Mike," she said delicately. "It's okay. We're in privacy, you and me. I love you so much.”

Mike shook his head from side to side. "Please. We can't do this anymore." Mike shook his head several times. "No, no,” he muttered low, his eyes closed. "Miss, I made a very horrible mistake, believing that I could fall in love with you. I cannot. I will serve you to the best of my ability but I cannot give you that."

Tina looked into his eyes, frowning. Mike was so very broken and she just couldn't believe it. His words didn't sound at all like Mike anymore. How could two weeks have warped him into this broken, desperate creature?

"Mike," she whispered, placing her hand on his cheek. "Mike, don't say that okay?" She noticed the bandages then, peeking out from his clothes, crude bandages covering his back. "Honey let's get you in bed and I'll take a look at those bandages."

Mike kept his distance from her. She could tell that he was keeping a pretty firm barrier between the two of them. It broke her heart. “Mike,” she said quietly. “What did they do to you?”

He looked at her for a brief moment, but still he spoke in that cold, formal tone. “I was taught how to behave appropriately for a young mistress,” he said, bowing his head again. “I will start behaving appropriately, I promise you.”

Tina’s heart was breaking more each second. “Come here Mike,” she said gently. He hesitated, as if he could not do so, but had to. He lingered in between the bed and the girl standing in front of him.

“Please,” he said softly. “Do not act inappropriately.”

Tina reached her hand out. “Mike I said come here,” she said, a little more firmly and then he reluctantly walked to her. He approached her and she stroked his cheek with her fingers. She pulled up his shirt, over his head. She didn’t know what she could do but she had to take control as best as she possibly could.

She led him to the bed. “Lie on your stomach,” she said. While Mike had fallen into the role of sniveling, submissive slave, Tina fell back into the role of mistress, because it seemed like the only thing that would make him listen to what she was telling him. She directed him to the bed, where he lay down on his back. The bandages were old and she could definitely see signs of old blood stains that made her shiver. They had hurt her baby, they had hurt her Mike.

Tina very gently peeled off the bandages. She could see the muscles in Mike’s back tense up with the pain of what she was doing. The removal of the long bandages led to the reveal of scars, likely cuts of a lash. She choked on a sob. “I’m going to go get my first aid kit and clean you up,” she said gently, leaving her hand on Mike’s uninjured shoulder for a moment before heading into the bathroom.

When she reached the bathroom, Tina grabbed the side of the sink and sobbed, tears filling her eyes. It wasn’t the physical injuries or the pained way Mike walked that really broke her heart. It was the sound of his voice, the broken look in his eyes and that word, Miss, and his stubborn refusal to love her anymore.

She breathed in deep, trying to calm herself and focus. She needed to focus as best as she could.

She took the kit from under her bathroom. It was a small white box that had bandages, antiseptic ointment and some medicines. She also grabbed one of the washcloths laying on the bathtub’s side and wet it, putting it over her arm. She returned to her Mike. He had not left his position, face down on her bed, the last place she had ordered him.

Tina sighed and very gently washed the dried blood from his back. She wanted to do more, lean down, hug him, but she wasn’t sure what was okay to do anymore. She used the ointment on the still open wounds, though most of them had scarred over, and re-bandaged those with the smaller bandages that she had.

Mike did not speak at all through the entire process, nor did he move when she had obviously finished.

“Mike, you can get up,” she said softly.

The boy got up slowly and looked at her.

“Mike,” she said softly, touching his cheek. “I love you.”

That just lead to his looking away, a pained expression on his face. Tina could hear the cracking in her heart, she swore it.

She didn’t know what to do after that so she ordered him to go to bed, in her bed. He got in the bed and she curled up against him, singing softly to him until he fell asleep.