4 – Dance

The new furniture pleased the eye, but I couldn’t help regret the loss of my mahogany desk. It had been with me from the start, and now it lay in a landfill somewhere, destroyed in a fit of rage uncustomary of me. I wasn’t a violent man, or impatient, but every man has his limits, and recent events had apparently pushed me beyond mine.

Nothing to be done for it now. I seated myself at the new sleek walnut desk and began sifting through the information we had managed to scrape together over the past month and a half. Casually I thumbed the switch for the track lighting, yet another token of my momentary madness. While repairing the ceiling, the crews had asked if I would like the upgrade, and since they had precious little else to do with their time, I had accepted, but only on the condition that I supervised everything. I’d only just gotten rid of the surveillance devices; damned if I was ever going to put up with that again.

[“Konnor, you should be more careful. You know he’s watching you.”

“I know, Shelley.”

“What did you ever do to him?”

“I told him ‘no’.”]

I shook my head. It didn’t take much to get Erich’s attention, and once one had it, it was impossible to be rid of. The man was a leech, a barnacle, a human herpie. Bitter laughter poured from my lips at the thought, though the man did not inspire humor. Damn it all, I finally got him out of my home, did I carry him inside my mind, now?

[“You are just like me. We are the same, my dear General.”]“I am not like you!” My voice echoed off the empty walls, my books not yet restored to the new shelving.

Dark laughter flowed out through the cracks, those places where corners meet and let the night seep in.

Cold sweat crept down my back, chilled the belt-line of my trousers. “Erich Sonndheim is dead. He cannot [dear God don’t let him touch me!]…” The words fell to silence.

With shaky hands I poured myself a double shot of schnapps. My jaw clenched as I raised the glass to my lips and I nearly gagged on the potent liquor. Sonndheim had favored the stuff. At the moment I considered it strictly medicinal. Use spirits to banish spirits; I only hoped it would work.

I sat there at my new desk, cradling the half-empty glass between gloved hands. The past grudgingly returned to its grave. I sighed at its passing.

“Done is done,” I murmured, whether to myself or to another I was not certain. “Cannot be undone.” I finished my drink.

Reports lay strewn across the desk, beckoning to me with their crisp black letters and scrawled signatures. I picked one up at random, leaned back in my chair, and began to read.

The apartment assigned to Schwarz during their stay in Japan had been ransacked in a very methodical manner. The computers had been disabled, no recovery possible. And no one had seen or heard anything.

Esset was monitoring all known bank accounts, but I knew Bradley well enough to believe that the money would one day be gone and we would never have seen it leave. He was too clever, too resourceful; were this not so painful, it would be a delightful game of chess. To match wits with my own star… I smiled at the thought. Then reality gnawed away at the edges, reminding me that this was no boy I was dealing with, but the man. Brad Crawford the team leader was a far cry from young Bradley of Kentucky.

Set a fox to catch a fox…

“All right, my love,” I crooned to his memory, “we’ll play this your way. You hide, and I will seek. The world is not big enough to conceal your entire team for long. No matter how slick you are, your companions will betray you. It is only a matter…of time.”

I rose from my seat and strode to my bedroom. From the closet I took an old suitcase. The ink on the airline label was faded, but if I squinted just so I could still make out the name: Bradley Crawford. I set the suitcase on my bed, then paused. If I took this step, I would be committing myself to the hunt, knowing full well that others wanted his death rather than his capture.

Then again, if I played a shrewd hand, I would soon be commanding the search myself.

I opened the suitcase.

Inside lay a jumble of clothing: nothing important beyond its capacity to muffle sound. I tossed the clothes aside, unstrapped the garment divider and pushed it up and out of the way. Below it, fastened so as not to rattle and surrounded by more castoff clothing, lay a box.

I regarded this box with something akin to reverence. What it contained was more precious than gold, more rare than jewels.

It contained Bradley’s past.

Slowly I peeled off my gloves.

My hands lingered on the box lid a moment, just barely sensing what lay within. The old hunger rose up in me; I fought it down. This was hardly the time or place for such foolishness. With an impatient flourish I tossed back the lid.

A few paperback books languished in one corner, their pages yellowed at the edges. Beside these lay a broken watch and two old pairs of eyeglasses. The shirt he had arrived in, a pair of well-worn jeans, some underwear – all these things seemed to be waiting for his return. My fingers trailed over each item, affording me brief glimpses of the boy who had once been my everything.

The breath caught in my throat as I touched the dark gray jacket, his first-issue uniform. He had only worn that jacket four months: his shoulders had been determined to render it obsolete. Then he had begun to sprout in height, offsetting the shoulders and leaving him once more a lanky, gangly youth with big feet and big hands, and an awkward way of running.

I could still taste his fear on that coat.

[“…new orders have been issued in the matter of the boy precog…”]

If there was anything I could do for my star, I would grant him a quick capture, and his team a swift execution. It may be the only mercy they would find with Esset, and I wasn’t certain I could manage to obtain it for them. But I felt I owed him at least that much.

I let my hand move at random across the artifacts in the box. It had been too many years since he had touched any of these things; still, the trace of him lingered like a ghost too bewildered to move on.

Move on…

The world has moved on… I picked up the first of his books and frowned thoughtfully at it. Long ago I had read this, craving some insight into my dear Bradley. The man Roland was chasing someone, or was he being led? My memory played tricky with me on that, or perhaps it was the author’s intention that I wonder such.

To be the prey, while believing oneself the hunter – how humbling.

A full smile curved my lips, the sensation pleasant to me. My little lost love, would you even notice if you were no longer leading in the dance?

Precognitives often played havoc off one another, their gifts creating a vortex of possibilities. The nature of this was not well understood, along the lines of chaos theory and quantum physics: too many observers spoiled the outcome, basically. If more than a couple of precogs tried to snoop around a similar point in the future, they would wind up with confusion and headaches. Sometimes having too many clairvoyants and other similar talents at work could achieve the same mischief. It had never been recorded whether the effect could work over great distances, but I was ready to find out.

Book still in hand, I returned to my desk. I set down the book, and picked up the phone.

“Yes, I’ll hold.” I waited, allowing my mind to turn and study what it had latched onto. I could find no flaw in it. “Who do we have on the distant surveillance side of this?” I inquired. “I need to call a meeting. No, with all of them. That’s right. And every other clair-talented mind we have access to. I want to try something.”

A/N: 4. – Dance

Konrad’s comment – “Done is done. Cannot be undone.” – is my little tribute to another Stephen King novel (Insomnia). Creepy book. Very recommended.