"So... do you guys have like, safewords or something?"

Billy exchanged a look with Dom. Elijah was poking thoughtfully at a vividly purple bruise just above Dom's hipbone, blunt little fingertips alternately stroking softly over the discolored skin there, and then pressing down firmly. Doing that made Dom squirm, and Elijah seemed interested in that reaction.

"We haven't ever discussed it," Billy said, watching Elijah prod at Dom's bruise. "Do you want a safeword?"

Elijah merely looked thoughtful. He ran the pad of this thumb along the bruise one more time, and then shifted his attention toward Dom's seeping cock.

~

"So the two of you have been doing the kinky sex thing for years, and you've never even talked about safewords?" Elijah asked around a mouthful of wholegrain waffles.

Dom glanced at Billy, who was slathering butter onto his own serving of waffles.

"It's never been an issue," Dom said, and smiled when Elijah looked at him. He hadn't realized the conversation hadn't been concluded earlier. He wasn't sure what Elijah was getting at exactly, but he was willing to be patient on this one. They had agreed that it would be good to sort of ease into this situation.

~

"What do you say if you want him to stop?" Elijah was asking Dom.

They were out on the deck, Elijah smoking, Dom for company. Billy was drying dishes and eavesdropping.

"Why would I want him to stop?" Dom asked, and Elijah snorted and elbowed him in the ribs.

"Don't be difficult. You know what I mean."

For a while neither of them said anything. Then, quietly, Dom said: "I've never wanted him to stop. I doubt he'll ever do anything that would make me want him to. He's good at this, Elijah. He knows when it's enough."

Billy smiled.

~

They were talking about Dom as if he wasn't there, which was actually rather funny.

"If he said to stop, I'd stop," Billy said, and toed Elijah in the back of the head.

"Quit it, fucker," Elijah demanded absently, punching buttons on the controller, his attention unwavering. "You mean he has never once said to stop?"

Billy laughed. "No. He has occasionally threatened me with physical harm if I did stop. Besides, I like 'harder' and 'more' and 'stop teasing me, you cunt' better anyhow."

Elijah paused the game and looked at Dom thoughtfully.

Dom threw a pillow at him.

~

They were still doing it, only now Elijah was sitting on Dom's thighs. It was considerably more annoying.

"Do you ever hurt him?" Elijah asked. He took Dom's chin in one hand and turned it, revealing a bruise at the juncture of jaw and neck. He licked it, and Dom squirmed.

"On occasion," Billy said.

The two of them chatting in the middle of this didn't feel as weird as it probably should.

"Does he like it?"

Right, enough of that. "Yes," Dom said, and bucked. Elijah tumbled to one side. He didn't resist when Dom pinned him. "He does."

~

"If you want one," Billy said, lips tickling against Elijah's neck, "then you can have one. It's that simple."

Elijah gasped as Dom bit down firmly on a nipple. Dom's teeth and tongue made thinking difficult. Billy's didn't help either.

"I'm just trying to figure out," he panted. He yelped at Dom's hand on his cock, struggling to regain his train of thought. "Boundaries," he groaned, finally. "Just... trying to see... how far."

Elijah turned his head, and Billy found his lips, sharp teeth and twisting, heated tongue.

Dom's mouth closed around his cock, and he groaned against Billy's lips.

~

"Why haven't I ever heard him scream like that?" Elijah demanded, breathless and awed. "Holy Christ, look at him!"

His voice sounded distant. Bill had stopped, paused to listen to Elijah, and Dom pushed back, insistent.

"I usually have my hand over his mouth when I do that," Billy murmured, a raspy growl.

"I want to..." Elijah said, and Elijah's hands were abruptly pushing Dom upright, and consequently back, onto Billy's cock and against Billy's chest. Billy bit off a curse behind him, and Dom groaned, caught between them. "Where do I...?"

"There," Billy snarled. "Use your teeth."

Dom screamed.

~

"I want to fuck him," Elijah said. He was stroking his own cock, slowly, his eyes devouring Dominic, sprawled out, flushed and boneless and sweaty.

"So fuck him," Billy said, and moved slightly to one side, giving him room.

Elijah slid forward, pushed apart Dominic's unresisting thighs. "He doesn't look like he even knows I'm here."

Billy laughed. "He hasn't come down yet. He'll know soon enough."

Elijah frowned. "And it's okay? Okay to just do this, just...?"

"Trust me, Elijah. He's up for it."

"I don't want to hurt him," Elijah whispered.

"Not even if he wants you to?"

~

They were quiet, but after something like that, Dom was ultra-aware of them. He was drifting, warm and lethargic, satisfied, aching a little. Content. He listened and didn't feel any need to participate.

"Not for me," Elijah said. "For him. He should have one, Bill, because I don't know about this stuff. And the things I want to do..." He took a deep breath. "Oh, Christ, the things I want to do to him."

"Okay, alright," Billy soothed gently. "I'll be here, Elijah. I wouldn't let you go too far."

"What if you're filming?"

"We'll talk in the morning, okay?"

~

"Wake up, you," Dom murmured, and poked Elijah in the ribs. Elijah grumbled sleepy objections and curled himself into the warmth of Dom's side. "Thanks, Bill," Dom said, and something ice-cold and wet touched Elijah's neck.

He shrieked and convulsed into a sitting position.

"Orange juice?" Dom offered, grinning. Elijah could hear Billy snickering nearby.

"Cunts," Elijah groused.

"Been thinking," Billy said, and sat down on the edge of the bed. "It wouldn't hurt us to have an all-purpose sort of safeword."

Elijah blinked and tried to focus. Dom seemed to be trying to stifle laughter.

That didn't bode well.

~

"You're sick," Elijah gaped, disbelieving. Dom was trying not to laugh, but was merely succeeding in doing so without much actual noise.

"What?" Billy asked. He didn't do innocent eyes as well as Elijah, but he tried anyhow.

"That's... man, that's just... that's so utterly sick!" Elijah stammered.

"You have to admit, it is the perfect word," Dom gasped out. "Stop everything even remotely sexual in under a second."

"Let's take a vote," Billy suggested. "All in favor of the universal safeword being 'P.J.' say aye."

"Aye!" Dom giggled.

"Two against one, you're outvoted," Billy snickered.

Elijah sighed. "Sick fuckers."