Even from across the open area of the pool Jada could feel his gaze on her, an icy feeling on the back of her neck. That gaze both scared and excited her. He was a dangerous man, although he didn't seem dangerous.
Dangerous men didn't normally hang out at block parties and buy all the children ice cream at the community pool. Sitting poolside, Jada watched the neighborhood kids do back flips off of the diving board and reveled in the sun warming her skin.
Evansdale was a small community and during these summer months everyone went there when they had time to spare. The twenty-somethings tended to stay beneath large parasols drinking the beer and wine coolers they'd snuck it. It seemed to Jada they only came to show off new bikinis and flaunt their ill- gotten riches.
Jada escaped that life when she went off to college, but she was back now. She was back to spend one last summer in the "hood" before going to med school in New York.
Jada spread out her towel poolside on the opposite end of the pool. She wouldn't go near them, not anymore. She'd gone to school with them and grew up with them. She knew all of their names but they weren't the same people, they were all dangerous now and their lifestyle was what Jada mama called "sticky". If you get to close you'll find yourself stuck there. Jada couldn't get stuck. That's why she ignored Xavier.

She remembered X before he was leading this band of hooligans. In middle school he was tall skinny and white, he stuck out like a sore thumb. He was a foster kid from Polk County, so innately all the boys in school fucked with him. He quickly proved he was not the one to fuck with.
He dominated every fight with no concern to consequence. Jada was a little attracted to that danger in him, Jada had the hugest crush on him, and she'd told no one. She could only imagine what her mom would say, her friends, and his friends, even him. No to mention she was painfully shy and extremely self- conscious, being one of the darkest girls in school with a short crooked afro.
Needless to say she was teased mercilessly.
Eventually Jada shed her ugly duckling status and when she returned home after her freshman year in college they began to notice her, in a good way. They invited her out with them, they spent extravagantly at local bars and strip clubs and Jada was reveling in the sudden and welcome attention.
One night that summer, Jada was with a few "friends" in a strip club. It was a group of six of them four guys and three girls plus Jada all sharing a VIP room with private dancers, there were bottles everywhere and they all were a "little" high on something. X walked in flanked by two guys and the entire room paused to acknowledge his presence. He scanned the room with icy gray eyes as if individually approving everyone in attendance.
His eyes stopped on Jada and a chill ran down her spine, she was that little shy girl again, fiending for his attention.
Walking back from the bathroom, X seemed to appear from the shadows of the hall. He grabbed her by the wrist gentle enough to not alarm her but with enough firmness to know she couldn't refuse.
"Jada," He said her name softly. She couldn't believe he knew her name or even remembered it.
This shock along with her the fact that merely being so close to him turned her on rendered her silent. He smelled smoky like Kush and cologne, and long since filled out his frame with lean wiry muscles.
"You've come a long way from that little girl I remember." He said as he ran his fingers up her arm. His touch made her nipples pucker.
"I grew up," She said softly, and she had.
She'd grown more hips than she knew what to do with, that tapered to her narrow waist, slight shoulders and breast that were perfect handfuls. Xavier trailed his fingers over her collarbone and down her breastbone not stopping until they nestled between her breasts. Jada released the breath she didn't know she was holding.
"What are you doing here?" He asked stepping closer to her. "You're supposed to be the smart one, supposed to go off to college make a shit load of money and come back here so we can extort it."
"That's not funny." She said with a smile. "I'm not that smart, I just didn't have anyone to steer me in the wrong direction." She was trying to be cheeky, she wasn't sure if it came off that way. X didn't seem charmed by it.
He pulled her close by the hips, his erection flush against her lower stomach, and lips a breath away. "No one here is leading you away, I've seen you come too far to let any of the fuckers mess it up."
In the next moment his lips were on hers, drawing her in sucking and nibbling her lips. It took Jada a minute to get over the shock of it. She ran her hands up his chest and X growled into their kiss. His hands were groping her ass and weaving into the tight coils of her hair. He didn't stop kissing her until her nipples were painfully taut and pussy sopping.
With a reluctant groan he pulled away, "After tonight," He said in a husky voice, "Don't talk to them, don't hang around them, and don't associate with them. That includes me. You have something great ahead of you; this life isn't going to lead you anywhere good."
"No, wait, don't leave yet." She pleaded when he pulled away.
He grinned, "If we don't stop you're not gonna leave here a virgin,"
She grinned back, "But I didn't come here a virgin."
"You should really go," He said pulling her by the hips. Jada went willingly, pressing kisses down his chin to his neck.
"Go," He said as he fisted her dress with one hand while his other explored the exposed flesh of her thigh. He groped handfuls of her ass while wedging a knee between her legs,
"Last chance," He warned, Jada answered by grinding against his legs.
He quickly spun her, pressing her up against the wall. He teased and pinched her nipples then reached between her legs to find her swollen clit. Jada moaned pressing her ass against his bulge.
"Goddamn, your pussy is so wet," He said so close to her ear, "Stay still,"
Jada did as he said anticipating his next move. Suddenly, she felt the chill of cold steel against her inner thigh. She started as she realized it was a gun.
"Scared?" He asked with a laugh in his voice.
"Not of you," She rasped
"Good," He said before piercing her slick folds in one quick stroke. She gasped and the sound was music to his ears. He pulled back and plunged in reveling in her wet pussy clamped around his cock.
"Damn, do you know how much I've thought about you?" He said close to her ears. He began to pump harder.
"Oh my god you're so deep," Jada moaned pressing back to meet his thrust. "Take this pussy,"
"It's mine, this wet pussy is mine," His motions were quick and hard. Jada bit her lips to stifle her moans.
Xavier pressed the cold metal to her clit and the cold chill of fear shocked her body. Xavier felt her stiffen but didn't let up.
"Tell me whose pussy this is?" He demanded before nibbling her neck.
"Yours," She said, her voice shaking. She didn't know what it was that turned her on about her fear. Maybe it was the realization that she trusted him with her life or maybe the adrenaline but her knees were weak. She was seconds away from coming as she clutched his forearms.
"Fucking say my name, whose pussy is this?"
"Xavier's" She moaned loudly as she came. Her whole body flooded with pleasure and she spasmed.
"Oh, fuck, come for me, baby" He said pounding into her. Jada could feel her wetness dripping down her inner thighs.
With new passion X fucked her until his orgasm tightened his balls and sent waves of pleasure through his whole body. He stroked harder coming deep inside her, while holding her close.

Jada had forgotten where she was, so deep was she in her revelry. She'd brought her ten and eleven year old nephews to the pool, her only reason for going. She knew she ran the risk of running into the group at the pool but she took that chance for the boys. Here they were, running toward her soaking wet from the pool.
"Wait, don't run, you're gonna fall and bust your head open!" She shouted toward them.
"Auntie! Auntie!" They shouted each quickly explaining something.
"Slow down, what are you trying to say?" She asked.
"We just saw Daddy's truck go by he said if we were good he'll take us to Toys R Us when he gets home." The eldest explained.
"So you guys want to leave? We've only been here an hour." She asked. When she was their age she could stay there all day.
"Yes! Let's go! Hurry!" They said pulling her up by her arms.
"Okay, Okay, go to the locker room, shower get dress meet me out front."
They agreed, running off until a lifeguard blew at them. Jada gathered her stuff, chancing a glance toward Xavier. She wanted one more look. It would quite possibly be the last time she sees him. He wasn't there though. She scanned the pool before making her way to the locker room.
She felt a twinge of sadness. She'll always remember him.
Jada was weirded out by the presence of two guys hanging around the entrance of the girls' locker room. She immediately recognized them as Xavier's flunkies. She didn't know what they were up to but she decided to keep her head down and nose out of it. The Locker room was absolutely empty which was understandable. It was midday no one wanted to be in the hot stuffy locker room when the cool pool waters were just outside.
Jada jumped when she turned the corner toward the showers and saw Xavier standing there posted against a wall. They both marveled at how the years changed each other. Xavier seemed rougher yet a more of a man than he'd been before. His gaze seemed sharper and colder, Jada shivered. His muscles were bigger and his dark hair longer.
He didn't say anything he just studied her. Her coils were no longer short they grazed her shoulders. There was a new awareness in her eyes and grace in her walk. She was a woman now.
Though she wore a bikini, it was simple and modest. She was everything he wanted but nothing he'll ever have. Xavier didn't have any sellable skills and knew the only way he'd make enough to survive would be selling. He was good at it, incredibly good but people in his "profession" didn't grow old and retire. He lived on borrowed time and he wouldn't bring down Jada with him. He knew he was never going to see her again.
"Come here," He said holding his arms out. Jada didn't hesitate. She fell into his embrace, hugging him. How could she have missed him so much? Why did his embrace comfort her?
"I heard you'd graduated," He said between pressing kisses to her neck. His touch played on her skin and she shivered against him.
"I did, Suma Cum Laude." She said.
"I'm not sure what that means, but it sounds good," He said chuckling.
"It is good, and it's because of you." She said,
"It sounds stupid but I didn't want to let you down. I wanted you to be proud of me even if I'd never hear you say it."
X pulled back to look into her eyes, his cool gaze studying her, "I am so proud of you."
Jada couldn't breathe, it was a moment she never thought she'd have. She felt stupid for the tears that pricked her eyes.
He lifted her gaze back up toward his, "Don't cry,"
She laughed, "I'm sorry,"
X wiped away her tears and kissed her. It was the softest thing but sent waves of excitement through her. She returned his kiss, wrapping her arms around his neck. His tongue played with hers, her lips nibbled his and before long their bodies rubbed against each other, trying to do what was impossible through clothes.
Xavier ran his hands down her back undoing her bikini top as he passed it before slipping his hands into her bottoms, groping handfuls of her ass. Jada was much older now, and much more confident. She pulled at his shirt, until he stood in front of her bare chested. She kissed down his neck as her hands explored his body. She trailed her hands over his broad shoulders, down his chest following the dark hair sprinkling his chest down his stomach disappearing into his swim trunks.
He hissed when she gripped his hard, hot cock. She held his gaze as she stroked him.
"Fuck me," She whispered before pulling away, leaving her top on the ground between them. She disappeared into the small room adjacent to the showers with its large vanity and many stalls. When X picked his jaw off the ground and made it into the small room Jada was leaning over rolling off her bikini bottoms.
Her round ass high in the air and nestled between her toned thighs was her pussy. Wasting no time X was on his knees behind her pressing his tongue against her slick folds. Jada moaned at the shock of it.
"Oh dear God," She moaned as he lapped at her pussy. Xavier separated her legs until his tongue was able to reach her clit. He licked her slit until her legs were trembling. Jada couldn't wait any longer. She wanted to feel him inside her, to hear him growl his pleasure into his ear.
She turned and pulled him up to her. She kissed him reveling in the taste of her sex on his lips. X kissed her grinding his erection against her. He couldn't wait to feel her hot wet hole gripping his cock but he wanted this to last as long as possible. He quickly picked her up by the hips sitting her on the counter behind her as he groped her breast and teased her dark nipples.
Jada's hands fussed with his trunks, pushing them down his hips. Bracing her feet on the counter beneath her X got a full view of her dark pussy with its pink inner lips. She rubbed the tip of his cock against her clit.
"X, I've daydreamed about this for years, don't make me wait, please" She said in a deep breathy voice.
"Do it," She whispered as she placed his cock near her entrance. He pushed into her stopping when his head disappeared inside her. He pulled out and plunged in again.
"Don't tease me," She moaned,
"I won't babe," He said pressing in to the hilt. He paused there as Jada cooed in his ear, holding her close. He started off slow enjoying the faces Jada made and the sweet sound of her pleasure.
When he found his groove he hiked her legs over his right shoulder as he penetrated deeper causing her to scream his name. X kept going fucking her until her screams became squeals then whimpers as her whole body shook with her orgasm. Her pussy spasmed around his cock. He slowed down when she stopped trembling and she grinned at him with labored breath.
"You tired?" He asked pulling away,
"Not even a little bit," She said watching as his cock bobbed between them.
"Good," He said before pulling her down from the counter and into his kiss.
Xavier led her into the showers closing the curtain behind them. Jada instinctively reached for his cock, still hard and wet from her juices. X turned on the water letting the, at first cool water spill over their skin. It felt refreshing and got better once it warmed.
Xavier pulled her in close and simply held her. Jada enjoyed and reveled in every second.
"I love you Jada," He whispered close to ear. "I wish I was different, I wish I was better than who I am. I wish I could have you."
"Why can't you?" Jada asked not liking this strain of conversation. "You told me not to speak to you, I understand you're in this whole lifestyle but you're a grown man. When you're ready to change you will, and I'll be there, that's if you don't end up in someone's grave before that. Now, let's not talk about this."
"So you don't care what happens in the future?" He asked holding her tighter.
"I do care but I know that you choose this life over me and that sucks to think about but I'll take it. It was enough to know that you think I deserve better than this life, I just hope you realize you deserve better too, before it's too late."
He was silent as he thought about what she said. "X, just fuck me like it's the last time, please." Jada pleaded as she pressed kisses to his neck.
"Please," She said again.
When he hesitated Jada trailed kisses down his chest her tongue playing over each nipple as she passed them. She kissed and licked her way down to his navel, nibbling at it before traveling lower. She paused when she was on her knees in front of him.
"Jada," He muttered just before his swollen purple head disappeared into her mouth. He hissed bracing himself against the wall. She took as much of him as she can into her mouth tonguing his cock before withdrawing again. She bobbed on his dick until he was moaning her name. She pulled back stroking his cock as she paid due attention to his balls, licking and drawing each into her mouth.
"C'mere," He growled pulling her to her feet, kissing her forcefully.
He picked her up and braced her against the wall as he penetrated her.
"Oh my gosh, your dick is so hard," Jada moaned clutching tight to him. Xavier found a rhythm as he grunted into her shoulder. He whispered his enjoyment in her ear as he pumped harder.
"Come for me," Jada said softly before nibbling his ear. With a new encouragement he stroked harder sending his cock deeper insider her. He pumped into her relentlessly. His breath becoming labored.
"Oh shit, X, come inside me," She screamed. X came pumping deep inside her and grunting with the force of his orgasm. Xavier laid his head on her shoulder catching his breath.
"I love you," He muttered.
Jada stroked his shaggy hair away from his face. " I know, I love you too,"
They stood there and holding each other and enjoying the glow of what they've just done. Before long Jada had to get dressed and go. Xavier sat on the bench and simply watched her. He felt like she was slowly slipping away. Once she was all dressed Xavier pulled her into one last embrace, one last kiss.
"Do great in Med school, you owe it to yourself.: He said against her lips.
"When you're ready?" Jada said, "I'll be in New York, find me anytime and I'll be there but that's only when you leave this behind."
She kissed him one last time and slowly left.
It was a small thing but hope bloomed in his heart as she walked out. He could imagine a life with her in New York. They could be so happy. It will be the hardest thing that he'd ever have to do but it would be worth it.