
A repost


Carmella was a second-grade elementary school teacher and there was nothing she loved more than summer vacation and the improved weather after a long winter. This year, like most, Carmella planned to spend a couple of weeks at her parent's house. It was a three day drive from where she lived on the east coast to their house in the Midwest. This year, however, she spent some of her tax refund and bought a plane ticket. Carmella's ex husband used to make the drive with her and she didn't miss his company a bit. This year was more exciting because at the last minute Darryl, her only son, decided he would come with her. Fortunately, they were able to secure another plane ticket at the last minute. Darryl had been living with his father for more than a year so it was nice for Carmella to be able to spend this time with him.

Carmella's parents were in their 70's. They were still independent, they had their own house, and they could still drive; but, their age was catching up with them. Carmella called them when the plane landed and they were already at the airport waiting. Carmella walked off the plane in front of Darryl, who was carrying both of their carry-ons. Carmella scanned the room and let out a squeal. 

"Mom, Dad! It's so good to see you guys!" She ran towards them as soon as she spotted them in the crowd and they exchanged hugs.

"Carmella, you look fabulous!" Her mother cooed reaching to feel her bobbed blond cut. "Your hair is shorter...have you lost weight?" she asked and her father stood beaming.

Carmella was wearing jeans that hugged her figure tight and flared out at the bottom with a small red blouse that flattered her full bust. She had lost almost ten pounds and wanted to lose a few more. She had always been curvaceous but a year ago she was bordering on plump. "Thanks, mom," Carmella flashed the girlish dimpled smile she still had. At 44, she still had attractiveness to her. Her red hair and green eyes still looked appealing; one of her friend had even called her eyes "captivating" before, a description she really appreciated. 

"And what have we here?" Carmella's mother looked at her grandson. "My, what a handsome young boy, you must be six feet tall. How old are you now Darryl?"

"He's nineteen," Carmella cut in with a wink at her son.

Darryl smiled at them, happy to see them but not too crazy about the attention, "Hi Grandma, Grandpa, it's great to see you guys. 

They found their checked bags while grandpa brought the car to the pickup area. They loaded their suitcases in the trunk of the big Buick. Carmella and Darryl piled into the backseat and no one stopped talking for the next twenty minutes it took to arrive at the little old farm house. 

"You each have your own room upstairs and your bathroom is down the hall," grandma led them inside and beckoned up the stairs. "We don't go up the stairs very often anymore, I would hate to break a hip, so things might be a little dusty," she warned.

"Don't worry mom, we'll be just fine." Carmella led the way up the stairs with Darryl right behind her carrying two of their suitcases." 

They had a fabulous home-cooked ham dinner and were very tired so Carmella and her son didn't waste much time getting ready for bed. It didn't take long for Carmella to fall into a deep sleep.

The next thing Carmella was aware of was that she had to pee, very bad! She opened her eyes and heard a gushing sound. She wasn't sure what the sound was until there was a flash of lighting in the window and crack of thunder shook the house rattling the old single-paned glass windows. Carmella had forgotten what a good mid-western rain storm sounded like. She got up and tip-toed to the bathroom, her thin creamy silk nightgown that went to mid thigh swished against her legs with each step.

Inside the bathroom she purposely spread her legs as she had gone to squat over the toilet seat. Her legs were spread wide and her semi-shaved pussy was on clear display as she got ready to piss. A strong hissing sound announced the start of her piss. Looking down between her thighs Janet marveled to the sight of her strongly shooting pee stream leaving her pussy lips. A minute later she forced shut her pee hole and quickly stood up. After drying her muff she reluctantly came out.

On the way back to her room Carmella stopped in front of Darryl's door that was ajar. ~I wonder if Darryl can sleep through all this~ she thought and pushed the door open. "Darryl?" Carmella whispered in a course low voice.

"Mom, you can't sleep either?" Darryl lifted his head. 

Carmella stepped in the room and lighting flashed through the window illuminating her for an instant like a photograph. The image burned into Darryl's mind. Her blond hair looked silvery in the light, her pouty lips looked ashen. The lighting penetrated his mother's thin gown rendering it virtually transparent. Her braless bare breasts under it were full and hanged a little lower than he guessed they might have twenty years ago. Her areolas were high and both nipples silhouetted by the flash. Her figure narrowed at the waist and widened generously at her hips. Darryl could see her little pooch of belly with navel. He couldn't tell if she was wearing anything lower.

"I used to be scared of the thunder," Carmella sat down on the side of the bed stared out the window. "Mind if I stay in here for a little bit?"

"Uh...sure mom that's ok." 

Carmella threw back the thin blanket that was over Darryl and lay down beside him. Darryl was on his back wearing just a dark pair of boxer shorts. Carmella kicked the blanket to the foot of the bed. The air was thick with the heavy smell of summer rain and they lay there silently on their backs a few inches apart. Each flash of lighting spotlighted Carmella's breasts through her gown that covered them like a second skin. 

Darryl turned on his side toward his mother, soaking in the display. He reached his hand and set it on her stomach. The silk was no barrier and he could feel her electric warmth. Darryl's finger gently ran circles around and inside her navel. Carmella squirmed and Darryl knew she was wearing nothing under the gown. He felt his penis stiffen inches from his mother. Her eyes were closed and he slid his hand upward until it rested against the lower edge of her far breast. When his mother did nothing to stop him, Darryl grew a little braver and gave her thigh a soft, intimate squeeze. Slowly, his mother reached down over his head and placed her hand on top of his. She seemed to be telling him to stop as she gave his hand a firm squeeze. Sensing her disapproval, he stopped and he lifted his hand from her breasts. Then He lifted his knee across her waist and rested it on her. He could feel her pelvic bone press his leg. His erect penis rested against her hip and they both slept. 

The next day was beautiful and sunny. Grandma made a big breakfast for everyone and Carmella and Darryl decided they would do some work around the property. It was difficult for Grandpa to do a lot of things considering his age and health and the house was starting to show it. They began with stripping and painting the front fence. They had hoped to get more done, but it took them longer than they thought and didn't finish the fence until about five p.m. It was as if nothing had happened the night before.

"Why don't you go get showered while I clean up these brushes," Carmella told Darryl while tapping the lid shut on a 5 gallon paint can and splattering her shorts in the process. 

"Ok, are you sure Mom? I can help."

"Go ahead Darryl."

Darryl went upstairs and stripped off his clothes. He turned the shower on and picked white paint off the backs of his fingers while he waited for the water to get warm. The steam started to roll out and he jumped in. He was soaping up and enjoying the hot water when he heard, BANG, BANG, BANG on the door. Startled, Darryl jumped. "What is it?" he shouted. BANG, BANG, BANG. "What!? Come in!" he yelled again. There wasn't a lock on the old door to keep anyone out. 

The door flew open and Carmella ran in. "I spilled paint thinner on me; let me wash it quick, it's burning my skin!" Carmella shrieked and opened the shower door.

"Mom! I'm in here!" Darryl shot back.

"I have to wash this off, it's burning me," Carmella tore off her blouse and bra with a quick motion and wiggled her hips unzipping her shorts and letting them fall to the floor. She jumped in the shower stall behind Darryl and closed the door.

"Gimme me some water, gimme me some water, gimme me some water, MOVE!" she leaned under the stream pushing Darryl forward with her arm on his shoulder. 

Darryl cupped his hand over his penis and turned around to face her. "Mom, your chest is all red," Darryl looked at her delicate skin trying not to stare down at her exposed breasts and body.

"Oh, the water feels good, my god that burns," Carmella relaxed and a flood of embarrassment washed over her. "I'm sorry Darryl, this is embarrassing. I'm sorry you had to see me like this, I didn't mean it. I'll get out now," she looked flustered.

"It's ok mom. Don't feel bad."

"Thanks Darryl," Carmella folded her arms over her bare dripping breasts and turned to step out.

"Mom...you're already here... you might as well finish your shower."

Carmella looked at her son puzzled, "No, I can't...well...I guess...I am here already. You can't see much more than this," she chuckled nervously and spread her arms out. The water rolled down the irritated skin on her chest to her breasts and off her projecting large nipples. "Darryl," Carmella said in a scolding voice, "only this one time and if anyone ever finds out about this you are dead, understand? This never happened."

"Ok mom."

Carmella leaned into her son to reach for the soap on the wall behind him. Her warm wet breasts pressed against his chest and the water streamed down between them. Darryl was suddenly aware he had an erection and it was poking his mother's leg. Carmella felt something against her leg and reached down with her soapy hand.

"OH! I thought I felt something," she giggled like a school girl. "That might need some extra washing."

Darryl couldn't believe what was happening and that his mother was acting like this. This was all completely out of her character. He felt dizzy and a wave of pleasure ran up his body when her soapy hand brushed him. "Sorry Mom." 

"Sorry for what, Darryl?" Carmella cupped his testicles and rubbed them delicately, "this really never happened, remember?"

"Ok...ok," Darryl stuttered and stared down at his mother. Her head only came to his shoulder. Her soaked blond hair formed around her face and her breasts smashed into him. She had one leg around the side of his and he could feel her pubic hair scratch his hip. Her wide feminine hips and figure contrasted his skinny boyish body. She soapily massaged his scrotum and slid her hand a little higher up his shaft with each stroke. Darryl's eyes rolled back in his head at the enjoyment. 

"Don't be embarrassed, I used to wipe this butt," Carmella reached around with the bar of soap in her other hand and slid it up and down lathering his rear crack. She set the soap in its holder and with her left hand still working his testicles she put her sudsy right indexed finger on his puckered back hole and softly penetrated.

"OOH! Mom, we...we... can't," Darryl grabbed her hand.

"Honey, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to..." a wave of guilt washed over her.

"Let's get out," Darryl opened the shower door and stepped out. He reached his arm around his mother's waist and pulled her soapy dripping naked body up. With a yelp she slipped and caught herself with her heel hitting the tile hard and Darryl turned her, shifting his grip. She was bent over with arms and legs dangling to the floor and his hands around her waist.

"Darryl, what are you..." Carmella shrieked.

"Mom...." Darryl carried her out and down the hall. They entered her room and Darryl threw his mother onto her bed and she bounced like a rag doll.

"Darryl!" Carmella screamed.

Darryl looked down at her glistening, satiny skin. She stared up at him with panicky eyes. Gravity made her breasts look smaller and drew them back slightly to the sides. Darryl's eyes traced downward past her navel to her tiny blond ruff of pubic hair, and lower yet to the grand lips of her labia that were splayed open asymmetrically like a forbidden fruit. Darryl's cock was throbbing desperate for relief and he climbed over his mother straddling her stomach. He held her arms above her head but she writhed like a slippery eel under him. His smooth cock pressed against her belly below her breasts.

"Darryl!" Carmella bucked under him and his stiff rod and loose scrotum slapped her cleavage.

Darryl put one knee then the other down between her legs forcing them wider, "its ok, this never happened, remember mother? I won't tell. No one will ever know."

Darryl hiked her legs up in the air and positioned his steady cock. He thrust his hips forward forcing himself into her opening and he felt his swollen tip at the entrance.

"Oh my GOOOOD!! Darryl, NO that HURTS!" Carmella screamed at the top of her lungs. "That's the wrong hole honey, wrong hole, please no...please no...please no..."

The head of Darryl's soapy penis had penetrated her tight asshole just an inch. He pulled out and looked down to guide himself. He slid himself with ease into her wet tunnel burying him to the hilt and drove his body down onto her roughly. 

"That's the hole, Oh god, oh god, oh god!" Carmella's eyes rolled back and her mouth hung open wide.

"No one will ever know," Darryl whispered driving her up and down into the bed until she whimpered with each motion. Darryl filled his mouth with her right breast and sucked while pumping his skinny hips between her spread legs.

After Carmella's screams of protest her body gave away and melted into his. Their soapy naked bodies smeared together. Carmella grabbed Darryl's waist and spun him over with his cock still filling her. She was on top now and she rode him up and down, up and down, throwing herself on his shaft again and again. Her breasts hung over him swinging like twin pendulums. She leaned forward smashing herself softness against his fine chest hair and held his arms above his head while she gave him an open mouth kiss with tongue. 

Darryl reached and grabbed his mother's bubbly ass cheeks on top of him with both hands when he felt himself about to cum. He made a wailing sound and his thick juices shot deep into the belly of his mother.

Carmella felt Darryl cum inside her and her body convulsed. She was in the middle of her second long orgasm. Tears streamed down her face and she laid her wet head on his chest. Her ass was still bobbing up and down with a fucking motion.

A smile came to Carmella's tear streaked face and she whispered, "This was entirely my fault, Darryl. I'm so sorry, no one will ever know - I promise. No one has ever fucked me like that....thank you...." She kissed him.

"I am sorry too mom"

"It was a mistake............nothing bad happened......................and it will never happen again in any case," she said.

\/\/
/\/\

The next couple of days were very awkward for both mom and son. His mom was the only one Darryl thought about when he became hard and stroked his cock in the lonely darkness of night. Her voluptuous full breasts, the delicate swell of her belly, the sensual curve of her hip, and the memories of the wet, welcoming embrace of her pussy fueled his imagination, never failing to induce a wave of longing pleasure as he jacked out each nightly load of cum onto himself.

He knew that she was just on the other side of wall. Was she naked? Was she touching her body, or maybe caressing a nipple? Were her legs spread wide, and was she masturbating thinking about him inside her? These were the thoughts that occupied his erotic fantasies. In reality he could see how she forced herself to hold back from touching him, or even standing too close to him.

Then on third day his mom asked him to accompany her on shopping. They took their time and just hung out together, going from one place to the next. They talked and got each other's opinion on things, and Carmella felt herself really enjoying a closeness with Darryl, as he stayed near her and was genuinely interested in what she was saying and doing.

For her part, Carmella paid attention to Darryl as well. She appreciated him more as a young man as he would open a door for her or stands close by making her more aware of his physical presence and attractiveness. Women in the stores noticed Darryl and Carmella could detect their interest in her son.

Near the end of the day, they stopped at a clothing store. A young sales girl was trying to interest Darryl in a pair of trousers. Carmella stood aside and stayed quiet, as the sales girl was trying to coax Darryl into buying the pants. The girl looked to Carmella, smiled, and looked back to Darryl.

"Hey, just ask your girlfriend. I'd bet she'd like to see you in these." The sales girl teased.

Both Carmella and Darryl laughed, but neither of them corrected her.

"You know," Carmella replied, "you're right. I would like to see him in these." Carmella grinned at Darryl.

"Okay, you got it." Darryl took the pants from the girl and turned toward the dressing room.

"Good, you can model them for us," Carmella teased, but he stopped and took her by the arm.

"Oh no you don't," he said as he pulled her along with him. "Since I don't know what these are gonna look like, we're gonna just show them in here."

Carmella inhaled deeply as she was led into the fitting area by Darryl, and he pulled the door shut. Carmella stood awkwardly close to Darryl, speechless in the closely confined room as Darryl undid his jeans and unzipped them.

"Here, could you take these off the hanger for me," he asked her as she took the trousers from him and slid them from the hanger, unable to turn away from what he was doing. Darryl didn't hesitate as pulled the jeans down his long legs, also sliding his sandals off. In one smooth wisk, the jeans were off his legs and in his right hand to exchange with Carmella as she passed him the new trousers.

Carmella was openly staring at where Darryl's t-shirt covered only the top of his boxer-briefs. The white cotton contrasted with Darryl's tanned legs. The white cotton also was stretched containing a bulge that protruded out and down the left, with the round crowned head easily outlined at the lower side. Darryl took the trousers from Carmella and as he did Carmella watched the throb in the underwear and her mouth opened slightly.

Darryl took his time pulling the trousers on and Carmella immediately blushed and looked downward, seemingly mortified at how she had stared at him.

"So, tell me what do you think?" Darryl teased at her when he had the new trousers fastened and zipped.

Still embarrassed and speechless Carmella just grinned back,

"I think you should get them." She finally said back.

"Is everything okay in there?" The sales girl called from outside.

Carmella just looked into Darryl's eyes as he took the trousers back off.

"Just fine," Darryl answered aloud, "I think she's gonna want to get them."

Darryl laughed and Carmella shook her head as she handed him back his jeans. When he went to put them back on, Carmella let herself look again, her eyes fixing again on the bulge that moved as he pulled his jeans back up. When he had zipped back up his jeans, he took her by the hand and walked her back to the girl.

"She is so sweet," Darryl motioned to Carmella as he said to the sales girl, "She wants to get these for me."

Carmella just shook her head and grinned more as she got out her charge card. Darryl rubbed her back, as the girl rang up the purchase and Carmella tried to make a face at him as if he was in trouble with her.

Later at home, they were laughing about it again, but Carmella seemed to try to get more serious about it. She stood in front of him as he sat at the kitchen table. She put her hands on her hips and shook her head as if she couldn't believe what had happened. Though she tried not to, a smile stayed on her face as she tried to chastise him.

"Young man, I still can't believe you did that."

"Oh c'mon," he cooed back to her. "You really don't mind that. Tell the truth." He looked right at her with a wicked smile that stopped her.

"Darryl, listen. I've probably been a little too relaxed or casual with you. We have to behave. We need to do as we should." She looked at him almost pleadingly.

Darryl kept smiling at her. A moment passed and she couldn't help herself. She grinned back at him. He stood up so that they were facing each other, and she seemed to flinch at his standing up to her and now being close to her. She looked up into his eyes as things were quiet for a moment.

Carmella softly spoke as they looked into each others eyes.

"I'm going upstairs."

Darryl waited and let what she had said sink in, wondering what she felt.

<><>

She was feeling crazy! How can I be in love with my own son? Is there a pill to cure something like this? Then again, how can I not be in love with him? Jesus! My life just turned into a Greek drama. 

She felt like a stranger to herself. Maybe if she hadn't let things get out of hand she could still feel like a normal woman. But what was normal anymore? Didn't any normal woman deserve love, lust and everything in between? Who was she? A mother or a woman! 

Carmella was standing in front of the mirror when Darryl entered quietly into her room. He waited at the side watching. Carmella untucked her blouse from her pants. Her fingers slowly plucked at the buttons down the front releasing the sides of the blouse to hang loosely by her sides. Darryl took this as the cue he needed, and he walked behind Carmella so that he was directly behind her but actually at the side of her bed, facing her direction but seeming as though he was about to sit on the bed.

Carmella turned to him, and he could tell her breathing was heavy. Darryl reached to the bottom of his shirt and pulled it over his head and tossed it aside. Darryl watched her eyes survey his chest and then she watched as he brought his hands to his jeans to watch him undo them for a second time today.

He kicked off his sandals and looked at her as he slid the jeans down his legs, stepping out of them. He took his time to stand straight up, facing her. He felt himself throb as he hooked his thumbs into the waistband of the boxer-briefs. They inched down his hips and she could see his black pubic hair and the base of his shaft.

"No!" She urged him. "We can't do this."

He paused looking back at her eyes as she continued to breathe heavily. He looked at her as if to reconsider.

As he paused, her eyes looked down to his crotch. Immediately, he knew---she didn't keep looking at his eyes, she didn't look away, and she didn't walk out. And, she still looked, Stared at him almost naked before her.

His hands worked on down and his cock sprung up as stepped out of the underwear. He let his hands go to his sides. She stared at his manhood fully erect and admired him. She stepped to him and looked up at him almost as if for help.

"Darryl, are you sure you want to do this?" 

"Yes mom I am sure." Darryl replied in a sexually aroused tone.

"Think again, I am not nearly as young or even as beautiful as all those other girls you have dated in the past. To me I am just your mother." She said feebly,

"I have dated a few girls in the past but every one of them I dated was missing something. I didn't however know just what it was. But I know now that you are the woman for me. You are the woman I have been searching for all this time."

Darryl pulled her blouse off her shoulders to where her now ample breasts were confined only by her bra and exposed to him. The bra couldn't hide the outlines of hard large nipples that waited underneath. Unlike last time, she now trembled and seemed frightened at what was taking place. Darryl sat on the bed and pulled her pants down as she steadied herself at his broad shoulders.

Carmella looked down between them and noticed Darryl's cock twitch when her thin beige panties were exposed to his gaze. Darryl paused looking at her right in front of him and she continued to noticeably tremble at the realization of what was happening. Darryl looked at her, beautiful and very sexual as her nipples protruded at the bra cups and her hips slightly swayed as she stood for him, in front of him. Small curls of the blondish brown pubic hair poked out from the sides of the panties. Darryl took her hands in his in almost a reassuring kind of way. She squeezed at his hands. 

Then, Darryl did something that took her off guard. Darryl's hands left her hands and he eased backward, scooting himself up the bed until he was fully laid out on his back in front of where she stood. His long legs were closest to her and his erect cock jutted out over his stomach. He let his arms rest up beside his head so that the effect was that he was laying there exposed for her.

She looked at him there and looked to his eyes. He said nothing. She looked back to his cock. Her arms went behind her back to the clasp of her bra. The cups fell from her, and her full breasts bounced free. Hard brown nipples pointed out level toward Darryl and he felt a surge rush through him. He looked down and she was pulling off the thin panties he had held his face close to just moments before. Now, the strip of hair seemed more blatant as otherwise smooth skin was all that was at her mound.

It was Darryl that was now breathing out loud as he watched her move toward him. He finally realized she was crawling onto the bed. She got to where her hands and knees were on the bed and to his sides. She moved to where her knees were just past his hips and her hands were extended just above his shoulders. Darryl couldn't believe she had moved herself atop of him.

Carmella lingered above him until he brought his eyes back to her's. When she was sure she had his attention, she rested her weight on her left arm and moved her right arm to where it was crossing down between them. She kept looking at him, and he kept her gaze, her eyes looking as deliberate and unwavering as ever.

Darryl gasped out loud when he felt her hand wrap around his shaft. She pulled up a little so that he was more accessible to her. She kept him in her hand a moment, her body perched above him.

"Darryl, I want you to look in my eyes, okay baby?" 

"Yeah," his voice ragged.

Her body shifted back gently and he immediately felt wetness at his head there. Her lips splayed over his head and enveloped him, but he seemed to lodge there at first. 

"UNNHHH," he exclaimed as he realized he was just inside her and she was wet for him. Her eyes widened back at him. She rotated her hips just so slightly.

"Yeah. ..." She was panting.

"Is this what you want?" She was arching her eyes, lovingly and as if checking one last time.

"Yyeessss," he moaned to her, and before he could finish she was pushing down on him, taking more of him inside her.

"OOOOOoooooo," Darryl moaned louder and Carmella grunted from her throat. They held each other's look, but Carmella's eyes were narrower as she tried to be still and adjust to him.

Carmella waited to get a little used to his thickness, as she remembered she had not had a man in some time. Her lips clenched at his shaft as he was about halfway inside. She removed her arm from between them and balanced herself over him. He had his hands at her hips, holding her.

They were both panting, and she started rocking on him. The short strokes she made against him did seem to loosen her, but her lips still clung to him when she moved up. For a brief moment she worried about him hurting her if she went too hard, but as she took more of him she relaxed and let herself slide on down, feeling him penetrate deeper. 

She tilted her head to one side and her mouth formed a large oval, as Darryl realized she was about to orgasm on him. She shook and a cry came from her throat, as she pushed all the way back against him and sat impaled on him. He felt her spasm and he ground his hips to hers, causing her head to go back. He lifted her at her hips, and then moved her down completely on him again fully filling her.

"AAAAAaaaaaaaa," she screamed. "AAAAaaaaaaa."

They pounded away at each other, her moans and the slapping sound of flesh against flesh filled the room. After some time, they both built up to a climax. When they came, she cried out, and he couldn't stop him from letting out a loud release as well.


Just waking up next morning, Carmella peeked up at Darryl from under covers; trying to decide if she was ready to be awake. Seeing that he was awake, she smiled at him and yawned. "Mmm... M-Morning love" She said, stifling another massive yawn. 

His response is automatic, "Morning Mom." 

"Just one thing, though," she added. "You might want to stop calling me 'Mom'."

He laughed and she moved over to him, displacing the covers in the process. He could see that she was completely naked and feel his cock stir slightly. She started slithering her small left hand up and down over his chest, making his heart hammer harder.

He pulled her close to him and slid his hands down her back, to her soft, pliable ass cheeks. "I love you so much Mom. You know that, don't you?"

She purred softly, while running the nail of her index finger down his chest. "I think I'm going to need a little time after what you just did to me. I'm not used to getting it like that.... Not that I'm complaining!" She adds with a laugh.

"I NEED TO FUCK YOU, AND I NEED TO FUCK YOU NOW!!" he said,

Carmella moved her body around to straddle him. Taking his rock hard shaft into her hand slowly she slides her pussy down the length of him. Her muscles of her pussy suck him deeper inside her. Taking a hold of her hips Darryl stoped her.

"I told you I wanted to fuck you, but not in that ever so wonderfully hot wet area. I want to fuck something that's just a little bit tighter. I WANT YOUR ASS NOW!!" Carmella looks back at Darryl in disbelief.

"Do you really want to fuck your mother's ass?"

"OH FUCK YES I DO. YOU HAVE A GORGEOUS ASS, AND I WANT IT WRAPPED AROUND MY STICK SHIFT." Lifting his mother off his cock, Darryl gets his mom onto her hands and knees moving in behind her, slowly Darryl places the head of his love stick at his mother's tight little puckered Carmella bud. 

"Darryl please just don't hurt me. As much as I loved your father I really hate to admit this, but your shaft is much thicker than his was, and even the couple time that he did this with me he hurt me. So what prey tell are you going to do to me?"

"Relax mom I, like my father wouldn't ever do anything to hurt you." Getting this reassurance from her son, Carmella is able to allow her body to relax, and accept the beginning penetration of her son's mass into the depths of her ass. Carmella lets out with one horrendous scream as the head of Darryl's cock enters into her. He stops still with the head inside and allows her canal time to accept the girth of his manhood. Once Carmella is comfortable Darryl takes her by her hips, slowly pulling his mother's tight ass back onto his cock inch by inch. Carmella screeches in pain as Darryl begins his mild attack on her ass. With each stroke Carmella becomes more and more wanting of her sons massive cock, as she starts to scream out in pleasure.

"FUCK ME DARRYL, FUCK ME HARDER, OH GOD FUCK ME HARDER!!" Hearing this Darryl does just as his mother asks, his pace picks up to a rather rapid speed, driving his shaft as deep, fast, hard, and as far inside her as he possibly can. Carmella begins to push back against him, as he takes a hold of the back of her hair pulling on it firmly yet not enough to hurt her. Darryl begins to once again ramble uncontrollably, and the next thing Carmella knew she was totally stunned by the next thing that came out of her little boys mouth.

"WHO'S LITTLE SLUT ARE YOU NOW MOM??" Carmella wasn't quite sure just how to answer that.

"Well I..."

"DON'T THINK ABOUT IT ANSWER ME DAMN IT...whose LITTLE SLUT ARE YOU NOW??" Darryl asks again in a more commanding voice as he slaps his mother's ass over and over again. All of this was such a turn on for Carmella she couldn't help but let out just what he wanted to hear.

"I AM MY SONS LITTLE SLUT!!"

"THAT'S RIGHT YOU ARE AND FROM HERE ON OUT YOU WILL ALWAYS BE MINE!! NOW CUMMMM FOR ME!!" Carmella pushed back onto her son like a rabid animal in heat, reaching down between her legs Darryl began to finger his mothers dripping wet snatch. Just when he could feel her body tensing, her muscles inside her pussy grabbing onto his fingers, he pushed them as far inside her as possible and just held them there as he felt his mother explode into one orgasm after another over and over again. Darryl drilled her ass one last time as his head threw back, his back arched, and he shot one hell of a hot, and I do mean hot load of thick cum deep into his mothers ass. Carmella's body began to tremble, looking back at Darryl, Darryl could see the tears in his mothers eyes. Gently he wraps his arms around her, lifts her up so her back is laying against his chest, with her head resting on his shoulder, Darryl holds onto his mother as tight as he possibly can without hurting her until her body settles.

It takes a few minutes for them to recompose themselves but Darryl rightly doesn't care. He knows his mom is happy, and so is he. He has finally found the woman that he has been looking for all this time. And his mother doesn't have to be lonely anymore. 
