"You are being very brave."
I sat staring down at my lap, gripping the armrests of my chair to keep my hands from shaking, but I looked up when I heard the soft, comforting voice come from beside me. An olive skinned young women stood beside me, her black hair tied behind her head in a neat bun and her slim body covered with a spotless white lab coat.
"I don't feel too brave right now," I replied. I may have been able to keep my hands from shaking, barely, but nothing could keep the fearful tremors out of my voice.
Her lips rose a little in a smile. "The fact that you're here all the same means more than you think. Michael, is it?"
I nodded as another doctor rolled a cart into the room. I leaned forward to see around her, and I spotted a massive syringe sitting on it. No, not one syringe, I realized. Several of them. My palms started to sweat again, and my heart began to race. I tried to count them, but only made it to five before the female doctor stepped in front of me, blocking my view.
"Take a deep breath," she advised me, and put a comforting hand on my shoulder.
I fought against the urge to look back at the cart again, and settled instead for looking at the woman in front of me. To be fair, though, that wasn't much of a sacrifice. The doctor was very pretty. Beautiful, even. She couldn't be more than a couple years older than my own twenty five, either. The lab coat she wore was professional and modest, but even that couldn't hide her perfect figure, or the way her ample breasts pushed out the front. She was in terrific shape, like an Olympic athlete, or...
I looked up at her face, and got my answer when I saw her bright green eyes, slitted from top to bottom like a cat's.
"You're one of them," I breathed, my fear momentarily forgotten.
She looked down at me and gave me an amused smirk. "Did you think someone else would be doing this?"
I looked away, blushing. "I don't know," I admitted. "It makes sense when you say it like that, but..."
"You've had other things on your mind," she chuckled.
"It's not just that," I clarified, looking back at her. "You're all so enigmatic. Like, I didn't think I'd see any of you until after the..." I glanced back at the table, and gulped. "The procedure."
"Well, don't worry," she said giving my shoulder one more squeeze while her assistants fiddled with things on the cart. "You're in far better hands with me doing it than any human."
"I'm not worried, not really." I gave a weak chuckle that sounded every bit as insincere at it was. "I just don't like needles."
The doctor smiled at me again, and turned to say something to one of her assistants. In an effort to keep myself from thinking about the table covered in sharp, pointy things, I began to rack my brain for everything my brother had ever told me. Dark skin... black hair... There weren't many of them to get confused in the first place, which meant that this one was...
"Nina Stukson?" I asked out loud.
The doctor turned back to look at me, one of her eyebrows raised. "Do we know each other?"
I shook my head. "No, we've never met. My brother..."
A wave of emotion washed over me before I could finish, and I looked back down at my lap again.
"Oh, I see," Nina murmured under her breath. "So you're the one."
"Yeah," I managed to croak out. "I'm Travis Arghen's little brother."
The other doctors fell silent when they heard that, and I immediately regretted bringing it up.
"I'm sorry," Nina whispered a minute later.
I waved my hand. "Don't worry about it. I'm fine."
I heard her coat rustle, and when I looked up she had knelt down to be at eye level with me.
"Is that why you're here?" she asked in a soft voice. The other doctor's stood with their hands behind their backs, waiting patiently. "Is that why you volunteered to join C.A.T.?"
My eyes started to tear up. Why did I have to bring it up? Why here, why now? I managed to give her a weak nod. "Y- yeah. I'm not here for revenge, though. I just..."
Nina drew a little bit closer to me, so close I could smell her perfume. "You're just proud of him, and want to be like him, right?"
That was all I could take. I squeezed my eyes shut, letting tears roll down my cheeks as I tried to keep the hiccups of grief from getting out of my mouth. I nodded again. I couldn't see it, but I felt Nina's hand brush my face, wiping the tears away.
"I understand," she whispered into my ear. "That's the same reason I joined."
I opened my eyes and looked at her again. She gave me an encouraging smile. "You loved your brother, didn't you?" I nodded. "And you miss him. Never be ashamed to cry about something like that, no matter where you are."
And then, just like that, she stood up again and was back to business as usual. Regarding the table again, she inspected the assortment of syringes and gave a satisfied nod.
"Very good," she said. "I'll handle it from here. Go prepare for the next recruit."
"Yes, ma'am," they said in near perfect unison, and filed out of the room.
Nina closed the door, and drew a curtain across the room, blocking the view of anyone who might wander in. "Disrobe, please," she said without even looking at me.
I blinked in surprise, and a second later my face was burning bright red. "I- I'm sorry, what?"
"Going through the procedure clothed is dangerous," she answered, picking up one of the needles. This one was filled with a clear liquid. She gave it a short pump, sending a little bit of it spraying into the air. "There are some shelves over there. Fold your clothes and leave them there. They probably won't fit after the procedure anyway."
I couldn't move. A beautiful woman was asking, no, _commanding_ that I take off all my clothes right in front of her. I knew it wasn't anything sexual. She was here to induct me into C.A.T., after all. Still...
Nina turned around to see me still sitting in the chair, fully clothed. "Come on," she said with just a hint of impatience in her voice. "We're professionals here, aren't we?"
I swallowed. Yeah. Yeah, professionals. Tentatively, I stood up and pulled my shirt over my head. I tried not to look at Nina as I folded it and placed it on the shelf. My pants came next, leaving me in my boxer shorts. I wasn't in bad shape, far from it. Seven months of intense physical training had finally made me eligible to apply for the C.A.T. Academy. I wasn't at Nina's level, but... well, I don't think any human alive could say they were.
That didn't make stripping in front of a gorgeous woman I barely knew any easier, though.
I heard Nina's foot tapping impatiently on the floor behind me, and I hastened to take my boxers off, throwing them on top of my more neatly folded clothes and turned around. Trying not to think how naked, naked, _NAKED_ I was, I made my way back towards her. She motioned for me to sit back down, and I did. I gasped a little when the cold faux leather touched my skin, and Nina walked back to the cart.
"Thank you," she said absently as she picked up the syringe she tested earlier.
I felt my stomach clench up with dread when I saw the needle on that thing. Five inches long, and more than thick enough to hurt like hell. I started to sweat again.
"F- for what?" I asked, desperately trying to take my mind off the weapon of mass destruction she had in her hand.
"For being civil," she answered. "A lot of the men who join up try to hit on me when I ask them to take off their clothes."
I managed to give her a weak smile. "Well, we're professionals here, right?"
She smiled at me. "Yes, indeed we are."
She went to stand behind the chair, and a moment later she laid a thick strap of leather across my chest. With one hand, she buckled it in and tightened it, securely fastening my top half to the chair. A few more straps followed, and when she was done I was completely immobile. There was a whir, and the chair tilted backwards like I was at the dentist, though why a dentist would want to tie me to a chair, I had no idea.
"Tying me down is starting to make me reconsider what I said about seducing you," I said. I tried to laugh, but my insides were twisting themselves into knots too tight for genuine laughter.
"Quiet, before you ruin the good first impression you made."
Nina came to stand by my side.
"Are you familiar with how the procedure works?" she asked. I shook my head. "Then let me explain. There are thirteen injections you have to receive in order to undergo the procedure. Each one will bring the process closer to completion. They have to be administered in exactly the right order, one at a time but still back to back. If done out of order, or if the procedure is interrupted, the results will be lethal."
I took a deep breath. Not _could_ be lethal, _would_ be lethal. She put her hand on my chest.
"You don't have to be afraid. This is what I'm trained to do."
I closed my eyes for a few seconds, trying to calm my frantically racing heart. When I opened them again, I looked directly into Nina's. So bright, so clear. In just a few minutes, mine would be slitted just like hers, wouldn't they?
"Now," she went on, "how the procedure actually works is another thing entirely. The injections you will be receiving will alternate. I'll give you a shot that will make your body more receptive to the procedure, followed by the injection that will actually change you."
She stepped aside for a second to let me look at the cart, and the rainbow assortment of chemicals on it. I wish he hadn't done that...
"Each of those injections have, amongst other chemicals, traces of every type of feline DNA in the world. When combined with the receptive injections, your body will absorb that DNA and merge it with your own."
"And I'll become a cat person," I finished for her. "Like you."
Nina smiled. "I figured you'd be familiar with that part, at least. Yes, your body will undergo the transformation, and when it's over you'll be a felinthro, like me and the rest of the C.A.T. agents."
I nodded slowly. "And like Travis was."
The smile faded from Nina's face, but she quickly perked herself up again. "You'll undoubtedly end up absorbing more than one kind of DNA, which means that your final form will be a mixture of several types of felines. This, more often than not, works in our agents' favor, as they're able to utilize different catlike abilities for each part of their body. For instance, an agent with cheetah legs..."
"Would inherit a cheetah's speed," I finished for her.
Her smile widened. "Exactly."
I thought for a minute. "What about you?"
Nina raised her eyebrows. "What _about_ me?"
"What kind of felinthro did you become?" I blushed as soon as the words came out of my mouth. "Sorry, too personal?"
A thoughtful look came over Nina's face, and she idly tapped a finger against the side of her chin.
"No, it's not personal at all," she finally answered. "If you're joining C.A.T., then I suppose you'll see it sooner or later."
I nodded, but then paused when she set the syringe down and took a step back. With quick, practiced movements, she unbuttoned the lab coat she wore, revealing the black skirt and blouse she had on underneath.
"Um..." I started to say, but my words caught in my throat when she pulled the blouse over her head, dropping it on the floor with her lab coat. The skirt soon followed, leaving her wearing nothing but her bra, panties, and shoes.
Good thing I was sitting down, because otherwise I probably would have broken my jaw on the floor.
Nina giggled a little bit at my reaction, and then closed her eyes. I admit, I wasn't paying much attention anymore, being too busy taking in her perfect body, so I was surprised when her entire body _pulsed_. It wasn't very noticeable at first, but then her skin seemed to turn gray. No, I realized with widening eyes, her skin wasn't changing— she was growing fur! It sprouted from every inch of her that I could see, starting as a light dusting of gray fuzz, but quickly extending into snow white hair that hid her skin completely. It wasn't completely white, though. There were stripes as black as midnight winding around her arms, legs, and torso.
She wasn't done yet, though. Rolling her shoulders, as if in pleasure, I saw her muscles thicken. It wasn't enough to take away her feminine figure, but I still heard the straps of her bra groaning a little as her already ample bust swelled even bigger. I wondered briefly if maybe they would snap, but to my disappointment they held fast.
And then the biggest changes of all began. Her feet lengthened until she was practically standing on her toes, and her ears grew longer as well and moved a little bit further up her head. I caught sight of something peeking out from behind her back, and she turned to let me see a tail growing just above her firm ass, becoming longer and thicker by the second. She thrashed it behind her, and I marveled at how flexible it was. Then she turned back around just in time for me to see her face widen just a little bit, and push outwards to form a feline muzzle.
Her transformation complete, Nina struck a flirtatious pose and winked at me.
"Wow," was all I could say.
"I figured it'd be easier to show you than to just tell you," she said, sauntering back over to the chair I was sitting in. I was a little surprised to find her voice hadn't changed at all. "I've got a little house cat in me, nothing special there. Almost everything else, though, is tiger. And not just any kind of tiger, white tiger." Her catlike face grinned at me, showing off her razor sharp teeth. "That's a gene that's exceedingly rare. I'm proud of it."
"I'll bet you are," I replied, breathless in wonder of the majestic feral beauty in front of me.
Nina chuckled a little. "I'm not really supposed to do this," she whispered, even though there was nobody else nearby to hear us, "but I figured, what the hell? You're cute, and seem like a nice guy."
My mouth suddenly felt dry, and I had to swallow.
"Plus, you're Travis' little brother," she added, her ears drooping a slight bit. "I liked him. We went on a few assignments together. He was a great man. C.A.T. is worse for his absence."
There she was, tugging at my heartstrings again. "Thank you," I whispered.
The playful smile tugged at her feline lips again. "I think your little friend is already showing his appreciation.
Before I could gather what she meant, she reached one of her pawlike hands up and gently took my erect cock in it. I gasped, and my body went rigid. I had been so entranced looking at her that I hadn't even noticed myself getting hard.
"Mmm," she said, stroking it. The black pads that covered her palms and fingers felt tough, yet silky smooth, making waves of pleasure run through my body. "Don't be embarrassed. You're a healthy young man, and I'm, well..." she chuckled again. "It's only natural."
Up and down, her hand went. Up and down, up and down, her thumb rising at one point to draw its claw along the head of my penis, making me squirm in my restraints. My breathing started to get heavier as a familiar feeling began to build up in the base of my...
"I think that's enough," Nina said, suddenly letting go of my cock. My mind instantly went blank, and I looked up at her in confusion.
"Why..." I gasped, already short of breath. "Why did you..."
"Because you said it yourself," Nina replied with a smug smirk. "We're professionals. It wouldn't do to let our primal urges distract us from our work."
Without another word, she shifted back to her human form and got dressed again, hiding her beautiful body from my eyes. Turns out, she could go from one form to another in almost a second. She'd changed slowly before just to give me a show. Once the last button on her lab coat had been replaced, she went back to her spot in front of the cart. She hesitated before picking up the syringe, though.
"You really are a nice guy, though," she said, as if reaching some kind of decision. "Maybe we'll work together on the field someday. Until then, I'd appreciate it if you didn't tell anybody about what just happened."
She spun around, gave me a quick peck on the lips, and then smiled when she traced her finger up the length of my cock one more time. Then she returned to work, her face betraying none of the teasing or lust she had displayed mere seconds ago. I sat in the chair for a minute, my head reeling, hardly able to believe what had just happened. Had I really just gotten a hand job by from Nina Stukson, one of the youngest and most accomplished C.A.T. agents in the world— and in her felinthro form no less? I had to be dreaming...
Unfortunately, all the seduction was suddenly sucked out of the air when she turned around, displaying the giant syringe again.
"Are you ready?" she asked, her face as serious as the grave. "I won't tell you it won't hurt, because it will. This is going to hurt like hell."
She wasn't the only one back to business. As soon as I saw that needle, I was reminded why I was here in the first place. The process. C.A.T. Academy. Travis... I steeled my nerves as best I could and gave Nina a nod.
"Do it," was all I was able to say.
It felt like the world was moving in slow motion as I watched Nina bring the needle closer to my bare flesh.
 _This is it_ , I thought. _As soon as that thing enters my body, my humanity is going away._
Then, in a quick and confident motion, she stabbed the needle into my chest and pushed down the plunger down. I cried out, and my body spasmed. It was a good thing I was tied down, otherwise I would have jumped up with the needle still inside me, probably causing myself serious harm. As it was, though, all I could do was lie there and moan while Nina pulled the needle out and produced another one.
"Get ready," she said, putting her hand on my chest to steady me. "Things are going to start feeling weird after this one."
She drove that one into my chest as well. At first, I didn't feel anything except the same pain as last time, but the second she pushed down on the plunger a warm, soft feeling spread out through my chest, like warm milk seeping through my veins, powerful enough to make me forget about the pain for a few seconds. I stopped gasping and lay still, staring blankly up at the ceiling. Is this all I was going to feel, then this wasn't that bad after...
Nina loomed over me again, but my brain was so foggy that I was barely able to register her raising another needle over me, until...
 _PAIN! MORE PAIN!_
This time, it wasn't just the stabbing that hurt. Another pain erupted within me, like bomb exploding inside my chest. I cried out at this one, my mind going completely blank, and I fought against my restraints. Through some slim sliver of sanity I still held onto, I vaguely noticed that my arms were growing thicker. Muscles... bigger...
Lost as I was in my torment, I barely feel the next needle going into my chest, but I did feel the second firestorm that it brought. I screamed again, desperately trying to break free of the leather straps that held me down, that forced me to stay still and endure the pain. Was that another injection burning me up from the inside out? I couldn't tell, all the pain, all the fire, everything was mixing together into one terrible hurricane of agony. At that moment, even before I'd really started becoming a felinthro, I wasn't human. I was an animal acting purely on instinct, and those instincts told me to get the fuck out of this place before I died!  
"... three more," a voice seemed to speak out of the lights that were flashing in front of my eyes. "You're... great! Hold on... longer."
My panic stricken mind latched onto those words, even though I couldn't make sense of them. Three more? Three more what? Did I even speak that language? I couldn't have told you even if you'd been there to ask. I cried out again, but instead of my own voice I heard a deafening roar that shook me to my very bones.
"You're... beautiful fur," I could hear the voice saying. It sounded like it was trying to comfort me. Didn't it know there was no comfort in the hell? "I think... getting a lot... lion."
There was another tingle in my chest, and the pain renewed itself yet again. That was it, I couldn't take anymore. Roaring again, I sat up. Something was stopping me. No, I couldn't stop. Couldn't stay. I rose again, and this time I fought against whatever it was that was holding me down.
"Michael!" the voice called to me, sounding frantic now. "You can't... up! ... down!"
I wouldn't, though. I wasn't going to stay here for one more minute. I continued to fight, and somewhere I heard a series of snaps and then—
 _FREE!_
My sudden freedom sent me flying forward, and I landed face down on the floor. I scrabbled back to my feet. Why was it so hard to stand? I felt... different. Didn't matter, though. I was free, and they wouldn't hurt me anymore. I forced my legs to move, even though I had no idea where I was going. My vision was still blurry for the torture. Free, free, _free, FR—_
Something struck me from behind, and the next thing I knew I was back on the floor again. Through blurry eyes I saw something white lying on top of me. I took a swing at it, but it ducked underneath my arm. It was trying to stop me, to keep me here. I wouldn't let it. I'd kill it!
"Sedate..." I heard it yell. Was that the voice that had just been comforting me? Traitor! Kill it! "Sedate him!"
I managed to get my hands on it. It was smaller than me. I could wrap my hands around its shoulders and pick it up. I could bite it, scratch it, throw it, kill it. I opened my mouth, somehow knowing my teeth were sharp enough to pierce straight through flesh and bone now, and—
Another prick. This one in my neck. No! Not more pain! I dropped the small white thing and grabbed at my neck, but there was nothing there. What had I... my hand was heavy. So was my head. I fell over, all my energy suddenly gone. Tired now. Didn't hurt anymore, though. That was good. No hurt... in... sleep...
I closed my eyes and passed out.