A tiny, dark, dusty, suffocating room.

No fresh air. Almost impossible to breathe.

An unidentifiable, stomach-churning stench.

The creaking of a heavy door opening slowly.

Him again. "You're such a pretty, pretty boy, aren't you, Malfoy? But you know what we do with pretty boys around here, don't you?"

A hard slap across the face, followed by chilling laughter.

A shiver down Draco spine; the dread, the knowledge of unspeakable horrors bound to come.

Suddenly, a voice, far, far away.

"Malfoy?"

Getting closer...

"Malfoy?"

... and closer...

"MALFOY?!"

Draco awoke with a start, bolting upright in bed. He felt a hand on his shoulder. His eyes shot open and he saw a face mere inches from his own.

"Malfoy? Are you all right?"

"Yeah. I..." His voice was hoarse and shaky. "I think so."

Tom Riddle muttered some kind of incantation and handed Draco the glass of water he'd just conjured. "Here. This might help."

"Thanks." He took a careful sip and when he didn't notice anything odd about the taste, he took another.

"Nightmare?"

"Yeah," he said almost inaudibly, now tightly clutching the glass with both hands.

"Do you want to talk about it?" His concern seemed genuine.

Draco shook his head and almost laughed at the irony, except... this was hardly funny, was it, the way fate kept playing these cruel jokes on him?

"All right," Tom said. "It's up to you. Just so you know..." He waited a beat, before he added, "I get them, too. Not as many as I did a few years ago, but nonetheless... It happens."

"Oh?" Draco raised a puzzled eyebrow. "What do you…” he began, but soon fell silent. This was none of his business, he decided, and besides, being on amicable terms with Riddle was one thing, but he really shouldn't be discussing personal matters with a past version of the Dark Lord. That would be foolish, potentially dangerous, even.

"Well..." Tom sneered. "Let's just say there are friendlier places to grow up in than an orphanage." He carefully took the glass out of Draco's now trembling hands and placed it on the bedside table. "I'll be over there, should you change your mind," he said and then returned to his own four-poster, the one that used to be a sofa.

Draco lay back down, rolled on his side and closed his eyes. He didn't bother to shut the curtains and it suddenly struck him that Riddle's bed drapes were still open as well.

"They've put him in with Malfoy!" Harry announced, striding into the Common Room. "Can you bloody well believe it? Just what that conceited git needs, Voldemort's Second Coming for a roommate!"

"He has nowhere else to go, Harry," Hermione pointed out reasonably, “and certainly nowhere safer.”
"THAT IS NOT MY FUCKING PROBLEM!" Harry bellowed in response.

"Come on," Ron interjected in what he hoped was a pacifying manner. “Let's get to class, yeah? You know what a nag Sprout can be when you show up late..."

"Can you believe they're even letting him take classes? Supposedly for his own safety, so he can blend in better... Like anyone gives a ruddy toss whether he lives or dies," Harry ranted on. "He'll probably stick to Malfoy like glue. THAT SCUM BELONGS IN AZKABAN! Lock them both up and throw away the key!"

"Well, Harry," Hermione said calmly, "at least Double Herbology is with Ravenclaw, so we won't have to see either Malfoy or Riddle this morning. Come on, boys. We can still get there in time if we hurry..."

She linked arms with Ron. Together, they left the Tower. Harry trailed behind them with a murderous expression on his face.

"This way, Riddle. You can have the empty seat next to mine, if you like."

Draco had been in good spirits for the past few hours. He was actually starting to enjoy Tom's company, a most unexpected but definitely not unwelcome turn of events.

"Empty seat? Someone's ill?" Tom asked conversationally.

Draco shook his head slowly, as his mood sank again. "No," he said quietly. “Theodore, my… closest friend, used to sit there. But he..." Draco swallowed the lump in his throat. "He died last summer."

"In the war?" Tom asked.

"In the war," Draco confirmed sadly.

Tom didn't ask anything further and they both sat down.

"Draco, finally," the girl across from them said with a wide smile. "We missed you in Transfiguration. Lupin told me you'd been called to McGonagall's office?"

"Yes. She wanted a word, and Riddle here was officially sorted into Slytherin for the remainder of his stay, too."

"Ah. Good for him. So..." She turned her attention to Tom. "We haven't been properly introduced yet, have we? My name's Pansy Parkinson." She held out her hand. Then she gestured towards the chubby, dark haired boy sitting next to her. "And that's Neville Longbottom, my boyfriend. He's a Gryffindor, as you can see, but most other members of that House are total wankers, so he sits with us instead."

"Hello. It's a pleasure to make both your acquaintances."

The second hand Tom shook felt surprisingly clammy and he had to wonder why his mere presence seemed to make so many people around here uncomfortable. Was this related to that war in some way? Had it turned most of the students into paranoid wrecks?

At least Draco Malfoy wasn't nervous, he thought and briefly smiled at the realisation.

Tom had been a loner for most of his life. Not by choice, initially, but solitude was something he'd fast grown accustomed to, until it had finally got to the point where he preferred his own company and tended to consider others a burden.

Something about Malfoy was different, though. Tom didn't mind having him around...

"So, Pansy," Draco said, still surprised that she'd decided to speak to him today. He wondered if it was because of Riddle. Draco wasn't naïve enough to assume things had changed or would ever go back to the way they were before. "Did we miss anything interesting while we were gone?"

"Well..." She started to chat animatedly about Professor Lupin (who was so much more fun in Transfiguration than he'd been in Defence Against the Dark Arts) and about a rather regrettable but most entertaining incident with a clumsy Hufflepuff. "She's still in the infirmary, as we speak, and they're working very hard to separate her quill from her nose."

Tom shook his head and laughed. Apparently, wherever you went, Hufflepuffs would always be Hufflepuffs.

All of a sudden, he felt something prickle at the back of his neck. Was he being watched? He turned his head to see a raven haired, bespectacled boy with a large, oddly shaped scar glare at him challengingly.

"Well, well, well, what have we here?" Tom thought and he glared right back.