Derek knew from the moment he woke up wrapped up in strong arms that he'd made the biggest fucking mistake of his life.

The person pressed against him snored in his ear again and Derek had to fight not to tense up. God, what had he been thinking last night? He'd let Rossi fuck him! He hadn't let anyone fuck him in twenty years. There had come a night that Carl Buford touched his neck in that familiar possessive, intimidating gesture...and Derek had pushed him away so violently Carl limped for a week. And from that moment forward, Derek had never approached another man. The few times other men had approached him, he had responded with rudeness at best and violence at worst.

And now Derek was lying naked, limbs tangled, with the pushiest, brashest alpha male he'd ever met.

Derek worked one arm free and rubbed his face, trying to summon a little presence of mind. Instead he just felt his heart pounding and his stomach churning. This had been so fucking stupid. It was so damn good, whispered a voice in his mind. Giving up control. Letting Dave take what he wanted...what you both wanted... Derek took a breath that was suddenly shaky. It had felt good to give up control to someone he knew he could trust. And that was exactly why this had been a mistake.

"What are you worked up about?" murmured a sleepy voice. Dave's goatee tickled his neck as lips found his skin and kissed lazily.

"Nothin', man," Derek said. He pulled out of Dave's arms. "We need to get outta bed and get our asses on the street."

Dave made a noise of regret, but he sat up, rubbing his face. Derek got out of bed and pulled his shorts on, already scanning the room for his jeans. Dave had an unforgivable draw to him when he was sleepy and not quite as sharp as usual. Derek squelched the thought hard. Don't go there again, he told himself.

God, his ass was sore. He'd always had a hard and fast rule not to sleep around on a case. And now they were facing the most important case of their lives, and he'd not only fucked around, but he'd fucked around with the lead agent on the case. "God damn it," he breathed, and pulled his shirt over his head. "Come on, Rossi," he barked. "We need to get back to work."

"Excuse me?" Dave's voice had bite to it, and it took Derek a moment to realize he'd called him by his last name.

"Excuse you what?" Derek countered. "Come on. Get your ass in gear."

"Do we have a problem here?" Dave asked.

Derek turned to face him, pulling on his game face as he did. "I got no problems," he said, glancing at Dave and then looking away. "Do you?"

Dave sat up all the way, the sheets pooling around his waist. "Actually, I think I do," he said, his eyes narrowing as he looked at Derek. "It's kind of a problem for me when I spend the night with someone who can't look me in the face or call me by my name the next morning."

Derek rolled his eyes. "My God, Rossi, we haven't got time for that. So we blew off a little steam last night. That's all it was. Big fucking deal. We've gotta find Hotch before the trail goes cold. Will you get out of bed?"

Dave shook his head. "The trail isn't going to go cold and you know it," he said. "Foyet's going to continue baiting us until this ends. One way or another."

"Yeah, and I'd just as soon it not end with my unit chief dead and tortured!" Derek snapped back. "So I'll say it again, do you think you can get your head in the game and your ass out of bed, or are we gonna solve the case for you?"

It was a hit below the belt, and he knew it even as he delivered it. Dave had always, always, pulled his weight on this team. And when he fucked up, he did his best to fix it. He'd bought into the team idea and run with it. He did better with it, in point of fact, than Derek did.

Dave straightened slightly, his eyes narrowing further. Then his expression smoothed out and he nodded. "Fine," he said quietly. "I'll get my ass out of bed, Agent Morgan. And while you're checking in with the team, I'm going to take a shower."

He got up with more dignity than Derek had expected. He didn't bother putting on any clothes or reaching for the complimentary robe. He just walked naked to the bathroom, giving Derek plenty of time to fight not to ogle the body that had touched him just right last night. The door shut quietly, the shower went on, and Derek was left feeling like the biggest asshole in the world.

The ride to the BAU was chilly. The silence between them was broken only once, when Dave took a call on his cell phone. He listened for several moments, said, "Yes," and, "Keep me posted," and hung up. He didn't explain what the call was about.

When they got into the conference room, JJ and Emily were already there.

Derek looked around. "Where's Reid?"

"He's back at Hotch's apartment," Emily said. "With that detective from last night, Markham."

"What's up?" Derek asked.

Emily gave him a puzzled look. "Didn't you ride in with Dave?"

Dave sipped his coffee and looked at Derek, who did his best not to squirm under the scrutiny.

"Yeah, well, pretend I don't know," he said finally. He knew it was a lame comeback. Dave snorted.

Emily glanced at Dave, then back at Derek, her brow furrowed. "Reid's still bothered by the eyes. He said there must be something we missed at Hotch's apartment. He wanted to look at it in the light of day."

"Do we know what happened?" Derek asked.

"It's looking like Foyet was lying in wait when Hotch got home." Emily spread out some eight-by-ten glossies and Derek tried to pretend they weren't crime scene photos of his boss' home. "Hotch came in the door, dropped his keys on the table, set his briefcase aside. We didn't find either of his guns, by the way, so we should assume he was armed when Foyet attacked him."

"What about his credentials?" Derek asked, thinking of it suddenly.

Emily shook her head. "From putting his briefcase down, it looks like Hotch went straight for the wet bar." She pursed her lips. It didn't sit right with her, Derek could plainly see. It didn't sit right with him, either, but it wasn't exactly a surprise. They'd all taken the Turner case hard. Hotch worked longer hours than any of them and didn't have any personal outlets any more. So he'd started drinking when he got home.

"It was whiskey?" Derek asked, turning one of the pictures to study it.

"Yeah," Emily said. "It was--"

"Maker's Mark," Dave broke in. "Bourbon. Aaron doesn't exactly have cheap taste." There was an undercurrent to his voice that made Derek look sharply at him, but Dave just met his gaze blandly.

The fast click of heels made them all turn towards the door just before Penelope came in, her face glowing. "I just got a hit off Hotch's cell phone!" she said. "It's been turned off since last night, but it was just turned on for three minutes. Not quite long enough for me to pinpoint it, but long enough for me to know it's in DC."

Derek frowned and glanced at Emily. "DC?" Why would it be in the capital? It had to be some kind of plant. Foyet wouldn't have taken Hotch to DC, and he certainly wouldn't have allowed Hotch to keep his cell phone. He shook his head. "Were any calls made?"

"Nope, just turned on." Penelope's expression was dimming as she realized none of them were excited by her news.

"It has to be a diversionary tactic," Emily said. "Foyet's not in DC, but he wants us to think he is."

"Or maybe he's in DC and wants us to think he isn't, because we think he's smarter than that," Derek said.

"Or maybe," Dave pointed out, "he isn't in DC because he knows we think we're smarter than him, so we'll think he's in DC because he's trying to outsmart us."

Derek glared at him.

"Well, I'm confused," JJ said, her tone light.

"We have to check it out," Derek said.

"We don't have to," Dave said. "He dropped us a breadcrumb and if we jump on it like hungry sparrows, we'll be going exactly the direction he wants us to go."

"Look, Rossi, we need to check it out," Derek said again, his voice getting louder as he fought his temper. "We can't just ignore it."

"We can and we should." Dave smirked at him. "He's trying to see if he can call the shots with us. And he can't."

"Damn right he can," Derek snarled. "He's got Hotch, or have you forgotten because you're so impressed with your own damn brilliance?"

"Hey, guys--" Emily tried, but Dave talked over her.

"Listen, Derek, I'm sorry that you're not following the logic here, but some of us--"

"Don't even start in on that superiority kick with me, Rossi!" Derek burst out.

"Oh my God!" Penelope said, her voice shaking. It cut across the white heat of Derek's fury. "Will you two listen to yourselves?" she whispered. Derek turned slowly to look at her. From the corner of his eye he saw Dave doing the same. "I don't know what's going on with you two, or why you feel like you need to have your stupid ego contest right now, but have you forgotten that Hotch is in the clutches of the villain here?" Tears were slipping down her cheeks as she stared at them, but from the tense way she held herself, Derek could tell they were tears of rage more than anything else. "Why don't both of you just grow up already and start learning to work together?"

For a moment after her outburst she stared from one to the other of them, then she threw her pen down against the conference table and stomped out.

The room was silent for a long time, then JJ stood, her eyebrows up in that expression that said she thought they'd gotten what was coming to them. After a moment Emily said, "I'm going to go check in with Washington Field."

Derek jumped into motion before she got out the door. "I'll go with you," he said, and followed her out of the room.

***

Dave hated apologizing. It wasn't in his nature to admit he'd been wrong. He avoided it whenever possible, but he had a feeling that this time, it wasn't possible. He made his way to Penelope's office and tapped on the door, then stepped inside.

"I'm sorry," she blurted before he'd even gotten anything out. Dave raised his eyebrows, then shook his head and held up a hand.

"No," he said. "You were right. I came to apologize to you. Derek and I had words earlier this morning, and we were still sniping at each other when we should have been working together."

Her brows crinkled. "I don't know if I've ever heard you admit you were wrong before," she said.

"Yeah, it doesn't happen all that often. I hope you have something recording everything that happens in this office."

She snorted. "Rossi, whatever's going on with you and Derek, that's your business. But this isn't exactly the best time for you two to finally deal with your tension thing."

He sighed. "It just sort of happened," he said. It certainly hadn't been part of his plan for last night. It hadn't been part of his plan ever. He'd thought Derek would just continue to live in denial of the stuff going on between them.

When he looked back at Penelope, she was staring at him. "Are you telling me what I think you're telling me?" she whispered.

He scowled at her. "I'm not telling you anything," he said. "I just wanted to apologize."

"Oh, no, you are not getting away with that," she said. "Tell Auntie Penelope everything."

"We are in the middle of trying to find Hotch," Dave reminded her. "And the other thing I was going to ask you is what's going on with Hotch's cell phone. Derek's right. We ought to find a way to subtly check it out."

She pursed her lips, but turned back to her computer. "It's still on," she said. "It's moving now. The signal isn't good, but it's still there."

Dave nodded. "I'm going to have DCPD check it out. It may be a dead end, but we can't ignore it."

"You really shouldn't make digs about his intelligence," she said. "He's smart, but sometimes he feels like he's just the run-and-tackle-things guy."

Dave raised his eyebrows. "I'll keep that in mind."

The cell phone was on the Metro. Red line. They discovered it only after DCPD spent a couple of hours chasing the phantom signal across the city and back.

Dead end.

"How much time did we waste chasing that damn phone?" Derek muttered, staring down at the red line map.

Dave shrugged. "It doesn't matter," he said. "You were right. We needed to check it out. And maybe it tells us something. Foyet either took the phone there himself or had help. No other options. So which is it?"

"Did JJ ever get in touch with that reporter from Boston?"

"Yeah, but it took some doing. He's vacationing down at the Grand Canyon. She's verified it with park authorities. So the reporter isn't helping Foyet." Dave paused. "Not that I thought he would. He and Hotch seemed almost friendly with each other."

Derek nodded. "If Foyet has any help, my guess is it's going to be a young woman, maybe still in high school. Remember Reid profiled him as a hebophile."

"Yeah." Dave sighed. "And if that's who he has helping him, he's not going to tell her any details of what he's doing. He would have just given her the phone and told her to leave it on the red line."

"Dead end."

"Yeah."

Derek swore and pounded a fist against the conference room table. "We're losing time."

Dave rested a hand on Derek's shoulder, squeezing gently. "We'll get him."

He pretended not to notice the way Derek tensed up.