Keywords: FF, cons, interr
Part: Chapter 90
Author: Miranda Mars
Title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance



Chapter 90

 

          Only about an hour after Yvette's departure, Sholandra phoned.  
    She wanted to come over.

          "You must be finished by now," she said, referring to Laura's 
    period.  "Even if you aren't, we could be careful.  I just want to 
    see you.  I miss you."

          "I miss you too," Laura said, meaning it.  

          Even though she had just had seventeen or eighteen orgasms, a 
    couple of them wrenching, stupendous ones (Yvette had had even more 
    because of her g-spot explosion), and even though her pussy, and 
    especially her ass, were sore and ached, she could feel a deep, 
    familiar pulsing begin at the mere sound of Sholandra's voice.

          But she was also dead tired.  I couldn't come again if she 
    were licking me and Karen were flogging it out of me at the same 
    time, she thought.  And Brandi was thigh-fucking me, and Barbara was 
    . . .

          These thoughts aroused her nearly enough to invite Sholandra 
    over.  "But girl I'm so tired . . ." she sighed.  "Can't we make it 
    tomorrow?"

          "After work?"

          "Yes . . . after work."

          "Have you stopped?"

          "Why, do you have plans that don't include blood?"

          "I have plans, let's just say that," Sholandra said in a smoky 
    voice.  "Know what I'm doing right now?"

          "What."

          "I took off my bra while we were talking.  I've got one of my 
    boobs in my hand, and I'm licking the nipple."

          "God . . . really?" Laura asked in a hushed voice, imagining 
    the whole thing.

          "Yes.  You know how big it is.  You like that, don't you."

          "God, yes."

          "I'm going to suck it now . . . because you aren't here to 
    suck it.  You can listen, though."

          Laura squirmed in her chair as she listened to the wet sucking 
    sounds Sholandra made while sucking her own nipple.  

          "It's all wet and shiny," Sholandra purred into the phone.  
    "And hard.  The center is pointing.  Don't you wish you could suck 
    it?"

          "Yes!" Laura breathed.

          "Ohhh!" Sholandra sighed.  "God, that feels good.  I'm going 
    to do it to the other one.  Did you ever suck your own breasts, 
    Laura?"

          "No."

          "Why not?  You should try it."

          "Maybe I will."

          "Now both of my nipples are wet.  I can feel them throbbing.  
    I'm going to suck them harder.  Wait.  I'll be right back."

          Laura was riveted to the phone.  She realized that her 
    sexually exhausted body was coming to life again as she listened.  
    Sholandra was moaning softly.  Every few seconds Laura could hear 
    the wet pop of her lips.  She had feasted on those delicious young 
    breasts, those plump, soft black nipples, and she could see 
    everything in her mind's eye, even the ecstatic expression on 
    Sholandra's beautiful face.

          "Ohhh . . . Laura," Sholandra finally panted back into the 
    phone.  "Listen.  I'm going to put the phone down between my legs.  
    I'm going to rub it against my panties, over my pussy."

          Laura could hear the rasping of the cloth against the phone 
    mouthpiece.  She bit her lower lip.  Oh god, maybe I should invite 
    her over! she thought, desperately.  Her own body was alive again 
    with sexual need, her cunt moist and achy, her breasts throbbing.

          "Did you hear that, Laura?"

          "Yes."

          "I'm going to take my panties off.  Can you wait while I take 
    my panties off?"

          "Yes," Laura swallowed.  She realized she was panting softly 
    herself, and her heart was racing.

          "Oh . . . there.  They're off.  I took my skirt off too.  My 
    pussy is wet and open.  Ohhnnnnn!" she moaned sharply.  "Oh Jesus . 
    . . that feels good!"

          "What did you do?"

          "I just touched my clit with the tip of my finger.  It's so 
    excited."

          Laura only belatedly realized that she had slipped one hand 
    down under her bathrobe.  She was naked underneath, never having 
    dressed after Yvette's departure.  Her finger ran up and down the 
    wet, puckered cleft of her own pussy.

          "Laura . . ."

          "Yes."

          "I wish you were here to lick it," Sholandra whispered.

          "Ohhh!" Laura moaned softly, uncontrollably.

          "I'm holding the lips open so I can see the pink insides.  I 
    wish your tongue were sliding into it."

          "Oh god.  Yes . . . yes!" Laura panted, rubbing her own wet 
    pussy more rapidly.

          "Are you touching yourself?" Sholandra asked, slyly.

          "Yes."

          "I thought so.  I'm pinching one of my nipples now, and . . . 
    tickling my clit.  Unhhhh!  Oh!  God . . . I'm going to suck it, my 
    nipple, god . . . it feels so good." 

          Laura was frantic.  She untied the sash of her bathrobe and 
    held the phone receiver between her head and shoulder, rubbing her 
    pulsing cunt with both hands.

          "Now  . . . I'm going to put the phone down in my pussy, 
    Laura," Sholandra panted, obviously very aroused.  "Oh god . . . 
    ungghh!  Oh!  I'm going to come, Laura!  I'm rubbing it with the 
    phone.  You're . . . you're right in my pussy."

          "Oh honey . . . I . . . I'm fucking you," Laura panted, 
    churning her own hips, realizing she was close to yet another orgasm 
    herself.  "I wish I were fucking you."

          "You are fucking me," Sholandra panted.  "Unh . . . unh!  I'm 
    going . . . to come.  Right . . . now!  Unnghh!  Oh!  Ungghhiieeee!  
    Oh Laura I . . . I'm coming unnghhhnnnn!  Auunnggghh!  Oh!"

          Laura's own orgasm, at the end of the long string she had just 
    experienced with Yvette, was a tight, stabbing, almost painful 
    clutch of sharp spasms.  She bit down on her own helpless squeals, 
    unable to keep them from escaping.

          "Mnnggeee!  Ohnngmnnggeee!" she squealed, almost mauling her 
    clit with her fingers.  "Oh shit!"

          The phone dropped from her shoulder to the floor.  Bleary-eyed 
    and panting, she picked it back up.

          "Laura . . . ?  Did you come too?" Sholandra asked.

          "Yes . . . oh yes."

          "God . . . we came together, even over the phone," Sholandra 
    said, delighted.

          "I can't believe it," Laura gasped.  "I feel like a pervert."

          "I could still come over," Sholandra begged.

          "Honey, I'm dead tired."

          "At least I know you haven't been screwing anyone else," 
    Sholandra said, sounding relieved.  "Not with your period and all."

          "Right," Laura said, marveling and how jealous both Yvette and 
    Sholandra were.

          Then she recalled her own feelings about Rhonda and Yvette.  
    And she knew Rhonda wanted to fuck Sholandra.  God, I'm just as bad, 
    she realized.  I'd die if Rhonda got her.  Thinking of Yvette in her 
    bed made my physically ill.

          "Okay," Sholandra said, resigned.  "Until tomorrow, then."  
    She giggled.  "Put your panties back on."

          "You put yours on," Laura said.  "I'm going to sit here and 
    dream about taking them off."

          "Oooohhhh, I can't wait."

          After work the next day she and Sholandra met at her apartment 
    and fucked so hard Laura thought they would hurt each other.  This 
    was only a day after her marathon with Yvette, and she couldn't 
    believe her own body.  I really am oversexed, she thought, as she 
    and Sholandra reached eight orgasms, then nine.  

          Then she turned to making Sholandra climax, instead of sharing 
    the climaxes with her.  She spent about an hour at it, and during 
    that time Sholandra came seven more times, until she was quivering 
    with exhaustion, and pleading with Laura to ease up for a while. 

          "I never knew I could come this much," she said, hoarse from 
    moaning.  "Even with you.  I must have come twelve times."

          "Sixteen," Laura said.

          "God, it's incredible.  I can't even sit up."

          "You don't have to.  Just lie back and let me rape you."

          "You really are a rapist, aren't you.  A female rapist.  Oh, 
    Laura, I'll never be the same after you."

          "Are your nipples sore?" Laura asked, kissing them gently.

          "Yes.  You tried to swallow them."

          "I know.  Maybe we better . . . you know, stop for a while."

          "They stop hurting when you suck them," Sholandra whispered.

          "Mmmmmm, can't get enough, can you, you little tramp," Laura 
    grinned, sucking one of the girl's fat, pulpy black nipples deep 
    into her mouth.

          They didn't stop until Sholandra had come again, then pushed 
    Laura onto her back and brought her to a climax too.  Then, 
    mercifully, they slept, awakening only in time for work the next 
    morning.

          And after this Laura got three days of deserved rest, since 
    even Sholandra was tired, Arthur had returned from Japan, she eluded 
    Barbara at work, and Karen, as usual, was giving her an interval to 
    heal from their last conflagration.  When who should she run into 
    but Camille, at the Safeway where she had met Tracy long ago.

          She looked stunning, of course, with her unusual eyes, and her 
    voluptuous body, which she seemed to dress in order to make men (and 
    women like me, Laura thought) want to die with longing and lust.

          "Hi, Laura," she said in a deep, smoky voice, looking at Laura 
    from beneath her long lashes.  "Long time no see."

          "God, I forgot how stunning you are," Laura said, frankly.

          Camille leaned close and whispered in Laura's ear.  "Does that 
    mean you want to screw me and wish my husband wouldn't come between 
    us?"

          "Actually, I kind of enjoyed the three of us," Laura whispered 
    back.  "But you and I did light some fires."

          "Mine isn't out yet," Camille flirted.

          It was a busy Saturday afternoon, and Laura was afraid other 
    shoppers might start looking at them.

          "Where's Rob?" she said, trying to act cheerful and friendly.

          "Playing golf," Camille said, her dark eyes now dancing with 
    sparks.  "I've got hours."

          Laura smiled.  "Me too."

          "You know, Rob and I only live about five minutes from here."

          "I know."

          Camille pushed her shopping cart down an empy aisle.  "I think 
    I can do this later."

          "Me too," Laura said, doing the same with hers.

          "Do you remember how to get there?" Camille asked.

          "Yes."

          By now Laura's pulse was hammering in her throat.  She 
    couldn't help looking at Camille's spectacular legs as the girl 
    turned to leave the store.  She was driving a red Porsche.  

          She could have any man, Laura thought.  Why does she want me?

          Camille waved, and Laura followed.  They arrived in only 
    minutes, and walked up to Camille's and Rob's apartment together.  
    Inside, Camille very carefully locked and double-bolted the door.  
    Then she turned to Laura.

          "I've got a cold bottle of wine in the refrigerator. I'll get 
    it and join you in the . . . bedroom."

          She nodded significantly down the hallway.  God, we're going 
    to tear each other to pieces, Laura realized.  She remembered how 
    Camille had scratched her the last time, and Sholandra had 
    discovered the marks.  I'll have to ask her to control herself, she 
    thought.

        She was in the bedroom only seconds before Camille appeared with two 
    wine glasses and a bottle of Pouilly Fuisse. 

        "Expensive tastes," Laura smiled as Camille poured her a glass.

        "Nothing's too good for the only woman I've ever been to bed with," 
   Camille said, her dark brown eyes now glowing with sex.

        They linked arms and drank a very romantic toast, eyes locked, 
   smouldering.  Without unlocking their arms, they shared a very slow, 
   sensual kiss, their tongues coiling together in a patient, simmering dance 
   of passion.

        "I dreamed of you fucking me," Camille whispered into Laura's teeth.  
   "It was like Stephanie Seymour fucking me, only better.  I know she 
   wouldn't be as good as you."

        "How do you know?"

        "Nobody's as good as you."

        "Mmmmm, you flatter me."

        Camille set her wine glass on the dresser, then took Laura's and set 
   it beside hers.  Here we go, thought Laura, excited by the fire in the 
   girl's eyes.  No one had ever scratched her like Camille had.  The others 
   all loved to fuck, but Camille was definitely a little wilder than they 
   were.

        Staring deep into Laura's eyes, Camille began slowly to unbutton 
   Laura's shirt. 

        "Can I ask you one favor?" Laura said, half-embarrassed, not wanting 
   to mitigate Camille's wildness one iota, but afraid of more scratches.

        "I would do anything for you," Camille breathed.

        "Could you try not to . . . scratch me?  I mean, I don't mind, but . . 
   ."

        "Somebody got jealous?"  Camille's throbbing dark eyes sparkled 
   momentarily with mischief.

        "Yes."

        "I'm jealous of her.  Maybe I'll give you a hickey so she'll never 
   come back."

        "Please don't."

        By now Camille had Laura's shirt completely open.  She pulled it off, 
   admiring Laura's lacy yellow bra.  One long brown finger dipped between 
   Laura's breasts, and caressed them, one at a time.

        "You know I wouldn't," Camille said, softly.  "I'm just teasing."  She 
   removed the finger and began taking off her own blouse.  "Lucky girl.  She 
   gets to fuck with you all the time.  I have to wait until my husband is out 
   of town or playing golf."

        "You know my phone number," Laura smiled, helping her off with 
   her blouse.  "I don't know if I can stand all this slow build-up."

        She looked at Camille's spectacularly beautiful upper body.  Her 
   full, jutting breasts pushed against the cups of her champagne-
   colored bra.

        "You want to get right to it, huh?" Camille winked.

        She reached behind herself and undid the bra.  Laura did the 
   same to hers.  They took them off together, let them drop, then 
   pushed their naked breasts into each other, kissing ravenously this 
   time.  

        "I dreamed of this," Camille breathed against Laura's cheek, 
   dragging her down onto the bed.  "Dreamed of these, of sucking and 
   sucking them, and doing this to them."

        She sucked one of Laura's nipples hard, then held it gently with 
   her teeth, wagging her head to and fro, looking up at Laura from 
   beneath her long lashes.  Laura was wildly aroused.  She recalled 
   that last time Camille had insisted on fucking her first, reversing 
   Laura's usual sequence, and this time was no different.

        "Does it hurt?" Camille teased her, letting her nipple go.

        "No," Laura shook her head.

        "Does it make you wet?"

        "I'm already wet."

        "Mmmmm," Camille smiled, letting one hand drift down Laura's 
   midriff while her mouth found Laura's other nipple.

        This time she was a little more insistent.  Her hand quickly 
   found Laura's very wet pussy and stroked it aggressively, while her 
   lips sucked and pinched Laura's sensitive nipple sharply.

        "Ohhnnn!" Laura gasped, panting now.

        "You like that?"

        "Yes . . . ohhh yes!  Oh Camille . . ."

        "I want to fuck you, Laura.  I've dreamed of fucking you since 
   our last time.  I want to fuck you . . . hard."

        "Honey," Laura panted, eyes glazed, "you can fuck me as hard as 
   you want."

        "Mmmmm, you like it that way too, don't you."

        "Ohhhhnnnn!"

        Laura nearly swooned as Camille poured on the heat.  Her mouth 
   devoured Laura's breasts, trying to swallow Laura's nipples, while 
   her long, sinuous fingers scissored Laura's clit as they slipped 
   inside her pussy.  She fucked Laura hard, plunging her hand into 
   Laura's pussy, sinking her teeth into Laura's nipples.  In only ten 
   or so seconds, Laura came in shocking, rapid convulsions, whimpering 
   hysterically.

        "Oh!  Unghh!  Onnggmnnnggeeee!  Oh!  Oh god mmnnggeee!" she 
   wailed, her body twisting and flexing under Camille's swarming body, 
   coming hotly, sharply, groaning with each fresh spasm.

        It was a very quick, very explosive orgasm, and as it subsided, 
   she found herself giggling uncontrollably in relief.

        "Oh god . . . it was so fast, I'm sorry," she laughed, pushing 
   her face into Camille's neck.  "I came so fast."

        "Mmmmm, I love it that way.  I wanted you to come that way," 
   Camille purred.  "So quick . . . so, I don't know, out of control."

        "I was out of control," Laura confessed.  She kissed Camille 
   heatedly, pushing Camille onto her back now.  "You are a wild 
   rapist," she teased.  "Raping me.  Driving me out of control.  I 
   think I have to give you back what you gave me."

        "Mmmmm . . . I hope so," Camille purred, sighing and watching as 
   Laura's lips and hands dropped to her large, jutting, firm breasts.

        Among Laura's lovers, only Karen (and poor Rina) had large 
   breasts.  She didn't count Shawn, whose breasts were artificial, 
   though fun to play with.  And so she really enjoyed Camille's large, 
   beautifully-shaped breasts, especially since Camille didn't 
   particularly want her to be gentle.

        She squeezed them sharply, and ran her tongue all over Camille's 
   wide brown areolas, nipping at the protruding centers with her teeth, 
   making Camille gasp and quiver with excitement.  Then she held one 
   large breast in both hands and slowly sucked the wet, excited nipple 
   in deep, sucking hard and pinching it between her tongue and the roof 
   of her mouth.  She had done this to others, to Sholandra and Yvette 
   only recently, and it drove them all wild.  It had the same effect on 
   Camille.

        "Ohhhnnn . . . Jesus!" she panted.

        "Honey, you have such gorgeous boobs," Laura murmured.

        "Oh . . . oh!" Camille gasped, increasingly out of control 
   herself as Laura's mouth mauled her beautiful big nipples.  "Oh god . 
   . . I think I'm going to come!  I don't believe it."

        Laura realized that Camille might be like Karen.  A little rough 
   treatment of her breasts, and she spilled over.  She sucked and 
   squeezed the luscious brown balls of flesh even harder, more 
   passionately.

        "Oh god . . . Laura!" Camille moaned.  "Do it just a little 
   harder.  Please!"

        "Yes!"

        Laura did it a lot harder.  While sucking one large nipple, and 
   teasing it with her teeth, she pinched the other one, twisting it, 
   feeling Camille's writhing body arch up off the bed as the sensations 
   grew even more intense.  God, she is going to come! Laura realized.

        "Oh baby . . . yes, yes," she cooed to her, now sucking and 
   squeezing and pinching Camille's luscious breasts frantically.

        "Oh!"

        "Yes!"

        "Oh!  Oh!  Oh god!"

        "Yes!  Do it, honey!  Come . . . oh, come!  Now now!"

        "Unhh!  Oh!" Camille panted, her face torn with an agony of 
   sexual tension.

        Now Laura let it all go.  She sank her teeth into one of 
   Camille's big, round, wet nipples, more roughly than she ever had 
   before.  And Camille froze, keening deep in her throat, then came in 
   a loud burst of groaning.

        "Awwwoonngggg!  Oh . . . oh!  Awwwuunnggggg!  Oh god!  
   Mmmnnggeee!" she cried out, thrashing wildly about under Laura, 
   coming fiercely.

        Laura scarcely gave her a minute to recover from this wrenching 
   orgasm.  She slid down between Camille's shapely, golden thighs and 
   slipped her tongue into the girl's long, sinuous wet pussy, slurping 
   and sucking it passionately, until Camille was quickly coming again, 
   her luscious, voluptuous body surging and shuddering through fresh 
   hot spasms, her voice clotted with ecstatic moans and strangled cries 
   of rapture.

        After this, far from being satiated, the two nearly devoured one 
   another, fucking each other exuberantly and aggressively for the next 
   hour.  Laura, who had experienced some pretty wild sexual encounters, 
   had never had one wilder than this when no toys or fiendish 
   instruments were involved, only two naked girls and their hands and 
   mouths.  She and Camille fucked and fucked, and in the throes of 
   another deep and shocking orgasm, Camille again raked Laura's back 
   with her fingernails, so that trails of Laura's blood stained the 
   sheets.

        "Oh god . . . I'm sorry!" she said, as they both noticed it.

        Laura looked at her back in the mirror.  "Clawed by a hellcat 
   sex maniac," she giggled.  "Lady, you can fuck me but you don't have 
   to try and kill me."

        Camille embraced her.  "I never wanted anyone to stay alive as 
   much as you," she murmured, slipping her tongue deep into Laura's 
   mouth.

        Both girls had come at least ten times, and yet the heat still 
   wasn't gone.  Laura could still feel it pulsing in her own pussy, and 
   knew Camille felt it too.  But they had to stop.

        "It's almost time for his game to be over," Camille said.  "And 
   I'd better change the sheets before he gets back."

        "How would he feel if he knew you were fucking me?" Laura asked.

        "I think he'd be jealous," Camille winked.

        "Oh . . . don't be silly," Laura blushed. "He knows I could 
   never steal you from him."

        "I think he'd love to fuck you again," Camille murmured darkly.  
   "Especially in the ass, like he did that time."

        "Have you let him do it to you again?" Laura asked, curious.

        "Yes.  Twice.  But his dick is so big.  I have to get a little 
   drunk first, then I don't mind.  God, I really come hard.  Almost as 
   hard as when you fuck me," she winked.

        Laura knew they hadn't got enough of each other.  Camille was an 
   incredibly torrid lover, and had phenomenal stamina.  Laura knew she 
   had better get out of there before they plunged into another round of 
   frenetic fucking, regardless of Rob.

        "Call me," she whispered as she left.

        "I hope your girlfriend doesn't get jealous," Camille winked.  
   "Again."

        And Laura knew she was only half-joking.  



