As a general rule, Severus Snape considered teenagers to be wholly uninteresting masses of hormones, whose only redeeming quality was that teaching them provided him with a job, a roof, and regular food. They held very little interest to him as sexual beings. Occasionally, though, he found himself attracted to one, but never acted on it; he valued his job too much. He kept in touch with the rare students that went on to study Potions, but they tended to be spotty-faced, awkward, asocial teens, and Snape wasn't particularly eager to get involved with a younger version of himself. As a result, he had never had sex with a student, even a former one, until the night before the Second Task of the Tri-Wizard Tournament.

As usual, Snape was patrolling the corridors after curfew, sending his Slytherins to bed with an admonition and the promise of a detention if they were caught again, and taking points from the members of the other three Houses. Children out after curfew usually stuck to the shadows and corners, so Snape was a little surprised when he saw a boy walking quite calmly in the middle of the corridor.

Snape soon identified the red hair as a Weasley’s and called out, “Mr Weasley!” He wasn’t quite sure which Weasley it would turn out to be — there were differences between them, but identifying a single Weasley specimen from behind was difficult.

The Weasley stopped and turned. “Professor Snape, sir,” he said respectfully.

Now that was unexpected. It was Percy Weasley, clutching a thick wad of parchments in his arms. The only bearable Weasley, as far as Snape was concerned, and the only one Snape had ever fantasized about; red locks plastered to his forehead with sweat, glasses askew and red lips swollen with kisses and light bites.

Snape smiled his best predatory smile and had the satisfaction of seeing Percy’s Adam’s apple bob up and down in obvious apprehension. No doubt the boy had forgotten he had already left Hogwarts and was even now wondering how many points he would cost Gryffindor.

Snape stalked towards his prey, a silent spell sending his cloak floating behind his shoulders, accentuating the bat impression. Percy shrunk against a wall.

“Mr Weasley! Shouldn’t you set an example to the children still attending this institution and be in your rooms by curfew?” Snape’s voice was low and husky. Percy’s eyes glazed a little, but he seemed to snap out of his daze immediately.

“I was taking advantage of Hogwarts Library for Ministry work. I assure you, Professor, that I don’t stay up so late for my own pleasure.”

Snape took a step forward, trapping Percy against the wall.

“Really?” His voice was now a low purr. “What a shame.”

“A-A shame, sir?”

Snape saw Percy’s eyes drop to his lips. He deliberately ran his tongue over them, and was rewarded with an audible swallow.

“That you don’t stay up late for your own pleasure. You know what they say, don’t you, Mr Weasley?”

Percy shook his head in bewilderment. Snape leaned over, his breath ghosting over a freckled ear.

“All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.”

Snape shifted a little, so that his mouth was less than an inch away from Percy’s.

“We wouldn’t want that, now would we, Mr Weasley?”

For a few seconds, Percy looked torn between fleeing and fainting, then he raised his head and captured Snape’s mouth in a scorching kiss. His tongue ran over Snape’s lips, demanding entrance, then invaded Snape’s mouth, licking the roof, along the teeth, sliding against Snape’s tongue with a skill that Snape wouldn’t have suspected the former Head Boy possessed.

Suddenly, Weasley wrenched his mouth away and stammered, his eyes wide with horror, “I-I’m so sorry. I d-don’t know—”

With one hand, Snape pulled Percy flush against his body, pressing his arousal against Percy’s thigh. With the other hand, Snape locked Percy’s head in place and began to devour his mouth, only interrupting for oxygen.

They were standing so close that the parchments were trapped between them. Percy freed his hands and placed one behind Snape’s neck and the other on the top of one arsecheek. The parchments remained in place, creased between their two bodies.

When the two men parted, the parchments fell to the ground, unheeded by either. Snape grabbed Weasley and ushered him into an empty classroom. He turned a moment to lock the door and ward the classroom, including an anti-poltergeist ward — he’d never forget the incident with Peeves in his sixth year, or the weeks of humiliation that had followed.

When Snape turned back, Percy was looking around at the classroom pensively. His eyes finally fell on Snape, and he blushed deeply. Snape’s eyebrows rose up in question.

Percy shrugged and said, “This is the décor of many of my student fantasies.”

Snape smiled. “Really? Would you care to enact one now, Mr Weasley?”

The young man’s breath hitched and Snape took it as agreement. With a flick of his wand, he added a Gryffindor badge to the Ministry robes, then, stuffing his wand back in its pocket, he advanced on Percy, whose expression closely resembled that of an owl in the path of a stray Bludger.

“Well, well, Mr Weasley. Out after hours, I see. And you a prefect. Tsk. I’m sorry to say that such a violation of the school rules will leave enough of a stain on your record that you’ll never become Head Boy.”

Weasley painted a suitably chastened expression on his features.

“Please, sir, I’m sorry. I was studying in the library and I forgot the time. Isn’t there something I can do, so that you’d, er, forget the incident? I’d do anything!”

“Anything?” Snape asked.

Percy nodded frantically. “Anything!”

“Very well. On your knees, then.”

Percy fell to his knees eagerly, but could not prevent a groan from escaping when they connected to the hard floor.

“I don’t have anything to cushion your knees. You’ll have to use your robe.”

Percy opened his mouth to object, then closed it with a snap. He quickly took off his robes. He was only wearing a long shirt, socks and shoes under them. Role-playing, no underwear; the young man was turning out to be quite kinky. Weasley folded his robes neatly, then glancing at the ground, he said coyly, “This floor is very dusty, Professor. I think I should protect my robe with my shirt; it’s easier to wash.”

Snape snorted. “By all means.”

Percy put his folded shirt on the floor, arranged his robe over it in a comfortable cushion, and settled. Thighs slightly apart, erect cock pointing away from a nest of dark red curls, hands reposing lightly on his thighs, he looked up expectantly.

Snape took off his cloak and let it pool on the floor. Next, he unlaced his collar and took off his robe and shirt in one go, leaving only his boxers. He quickly let them fall and stepped out of them. Percy’s eyes widened comically and his mouth fell open.

“You certainly give credit to the common sayings.”

Snape smiled smugly and gave a few strokes to his cock. He walked until he was just in front of Percy.

“You know what to do, Mr Weasley.”

Percy took the cock in his hands. He peeled the foreskin down and took the head in his mouth, sucking as he would on a lollipop. Drawing away, he licked it all over with small flicks of the tongue first, then in broad sweeps. Snape put a hand on Weasley’s head to keep his balance, taking care to leave him in control.

Pushing Snape’s cock up against his stomach, Percy placed small kisses over the balls, gently nipping the skin here and there, before taking one of the balls in his mouth. He bathed it with his tongue, then released it, scraping his teeth against it just hard enough to skate the limit between pleasure and pain. Snape’s hand tightened in Percy’s hair and he had to consciously think about relaxing it.

Percy took Snape’s cock in his hand again and drew it into his mouth, sucking it for all he was worth. His other hand found the balls below and rolled them. It slipped further, stroking the perineum lightly, then the sensitive skin inside the crease of Snape’s arse. Snape tensed a little when he realised what Percy was doing. They had no access to anything resembling lubrication, and Snape didn’t fancy dry fingers in his arse.

At that moment, the hand left his arse and the mouth his cock, just long enough for a few whispered spells. The muscles in his arse relaxed and Snape felt slickness inside him. The finger that went back to his arse slipped in easily, and Snape used his hold on Percy’s hair to tug his head up.

“Where did a nice boy like you learn to perform prostitutes’ spells?”

Weasley smiled widely.

“Believe it or not, Professor, I learnt them from one of your colleagues.”

Snape wondered whether that was true, or part of the role-playing. He took a step backward, releasing Percy’s hair and hands.

“Perform it on yourself then.”

Percy took his wand again.

“Wait! Do it while I watch. Bend over this desk, yes, just like that. You like this, don’t you, Perfect Prefect Percy? To be exposed to the eyes of one of your professors? I bet you would like me to fuck you, wouldn’t you? So hard that you’d have difficulties walking straight tomorrow.”

“Yesss...” There was just a hint of desperation in Percy’s voice and Snape smiled.

“Well, prepare yourself, Mr Weasley.”

Percy’s position wasn’t the easiest for that kind of spell, but he managed with an ease that made Snape wonder. Percy laid his wand parallel to his spine, resting in the crease of his buttocks, the end against his hole. He murmured, “Laxo musculi unguoque canalem.”

Snape filed the spell away for future reference. He gently took the wand away from Weasley and set it aside. He gripped Percy’s hips and positioned himself. Slowly, tantalisingly, he let his cock slide against Percy’s hole, ignoring his gasps and whimpers.

Bending over Percy’s body, Snape said, “Tell me how much you want me, Mr Weasley.”

It seemed to release some sort of restraint in Weasley. Words of begging streamed from his lips in a half-understandable gibber including such things as Yesfuckmehard, Pleasedontmakemewait or Ineedyourightnow.

Snape obliged.

He slid two or three inches deep inside Percy. The spell had relaxed the muscles enough that manual stretching wasn’t necessary, but he was still very tight, too tight to enter in one thrust. Besides, it would probably create enough friction that Snape would come on the spot, ruining his determination to make it last. Slowly, he pushed inside Percy, sometimes pulling out a little, only to push back with more force, until he felt his balls brushing against Percy’s skin.

He paused for a few seconds, blanking his mind to stave off his orgasm. When that failed, Snape swept a hand between their bodies and tugged harshly at his balls, which did the trick.

He pulled his cock out until only the head was left inside. He paused for a few seconds, long enough for Weasley to beg again, then slammed hard back in. Percy let out an ear-splitting scream.

Snape was worried he had hurt him, but the cries of “Yes, more, harder” put his fears to rest. It seemed that Percy Weasley was a screamer, decidedly not something he’d imagined. He pulled out again; it had been too long since his last affair, though, and Snape came with the next thrust.

When Snape had recovered enough, he slipped his now soft cock from Percy and turned him on his back. He took hold of the hips and swallowed Percy’s cock as far as he could — which was far indeed. Snape was, and deservedly so, proud of his deep-throating skills. Weasley didn’t need much more stimulation and he came with another high-pitched scream. Snape swallowed his come with a grimace; if this turned out to be more than a one-night stand, he’d have to put Percy on a fruit diet.

Percy was sprawled bonelessly on the desk and Snape settled more or less comfortably beside him. Snape brushed the locks that were plastered on Percy’s forehead and let his finger trail down, upsetting the glasses and stroking along full red lips. He sighed and Percy turned towards him.

“When are you leaving?” Snape asked.

Percy sat up abruptly. He took his glasses off, fumbling for a sleeve to clean them. When he realised he was naked, he slipped them back on.

“Tomorrow, after the task.”

Snape fell back down on the desk.

“Too bad that didn’t happen when you were still a full-time student at Hogwarts.”

He heard Percy take a deep breath.

“My week days are the Ministry’s, but my weekends are mine.” He sounded a little unsure.

Carefully, Snape said, “I am a head of House, and I must be available to my Slytherins at all times during the school year. But you could always floo in.”

Percy nodded. “I’d like that.”