Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Xander/Angel, Spike/Angel, Spike/Xander, Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 2/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
scot25 prompt : Tempted
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

Of course it went without saying that he spent the next 12 hours trapped in his crypt, desperately trying to calm his demon down. All the bugger wanted to do was hare off to Los Angeles and meet the newest member of the family. It had been flippin' years since anything like this had happened – Penn was the last instance that he could recall – and the desire, no the need for family clawed at him. He hadn't felt a pull like this before though – Angel definitely hadn't made a minion, he'd made a full Childe, something a vampire only did when they truly wanted to keep someone beside them for eternity. And a small part of Spike was jealous – that was his position, whether he and Peaches were on the outs with each other or not - HE was Angelus's Childe and he didn't intend to let some whipper-snapper take his place.

At the first sign of darkness, he dragged on his duster, grabbed a carton of cigarettes and a bottle of JD and raced off to his car. He had to go see this usurper, ensure s/he knew their place in the Aurelius Order. And maybe remind Angel why he had changed Spike in the first place....

“I don't understand – I don't feel any different”. It was a surreal experience for Angel. He had half expected Xander to wake up as a demanding, blood lust driven fledge, despite the sheer amount of Angel's blood he had consumed. Instead, the Scooby seemed pretty much the same – in fact, if it wasn't for the beautiful game-face that Xander hadn't managed to shake off yet, he was the same.
“There was an accident – we were attacked as you were leaving. Do you remember any of that?” Xander nodded. He had a vague recollection of leaving the hotel, a man coming out of nowhere about to attack them. He remembered shouting a warning, then a sharp pain and then – nothing. Blank.

“Why did you change me?”

“I couldn't let you die like that Xander. It seemed – I don't know, wrong somehow that you fight on the Hellmouth for years and then die because of some gangbanger. And I'll admit I felt guilty – the man was after me, and you saved me at your own expense. If this is something that you don't think you can bear, then tell me and I'll make it as painless as I can …..”

Xander recoiled in horror.

“You mean you'd kill me?!! Not feeling the love here Angel!”. Pressed up against the head of the bed, Xander was aware of a new presence in his head, whining, writhing, almost in physical pain at the thought that Sire wanted to kill them. Unconsciously he tilted his head, offering his neck to Angel and looking up at him through his lashes. “You don't want me – even a little?”

Angel was stunned. The scents pouring off Xander were intoxicating – blood, chocolate, sex, family – all mishmashed together into an erotic cloud that was suffusing his entire being. Not want him? He was fighting the urge to throw himself on top of Xander and rut like an animal. God knew what was holding him back. Another whine brought him out of his reverie, and he realised Xander was crawling down the bed towards him – graceful, long, lean, tanned and muscular. There was something animalistic in his movements, and his body moved in a way that no human body could or should, like his bones had melted and he was sliding and slithering his way over to Angel. Without thought he moved closer, kneeling on the bed and meeting the boy halfway.

Tilting his head once more, Xander whined as Angel pressed his face against the smooth skin, his tongue darting out to lap at the bite-marks that clearly showed his claim. A moan escaped as a bolt of sensation shot from his neck directly to his groin. Holy shit, that felt good.

“Xander....” He shouldn't be doing this – he needed to step back, give Xander some breathing space. They needed to find out how Xander was so himself, why he hadn't changed. But God, the boy smelled good, felt good – called to his demon in a way no-one other than Spike ever had before.

“Want me Sire – please..” Nuzzling the boy's jaw, he nipped at it, pinpricks of blood hitting his tastebuds and making him gasp. Taste of family – bliss. He pulled back, meeting the golden gaze, staring at this new Xander who was looking back at him almost adoringly. No, that wasn't right – Xander didn't even like him, this was wrong – so so wrong. He tried to pull away and Xander whined again. “Please....”

“Xander – I don't want to make the same mistakes again. You're only feeling like this because - “

“No – felt like this before”.

“Whu -?” A smile spread across the young vampire's face, the sunnyness of Xander's smile enhanced by the beautiful new fangs. God, he made a gorgeous vampire.

“Felt like this before. It's not – well it is, but it's not just the whole Sire thing – I swear”. He lowered his head, waves of shame flowing from him.

“Xander – but you're not gay. And – and you always hated....” Xander shook his head.

“Never hated – well not because – ok, hated but that was because I was jealous. Jealous and you with Buffy, jealous of Buffy with you”. He withdrew, pulling himself back up the bed away from Angel, ashamed at having his feelings revealed. Revealed and rejected. God, even as a vampire and Childe, Angel didn't want him – what kind of lame was he that -

“No – no, do want you. Do – want you as Childe, wanted you as Xander – do”. He hadn't realised he was muttering out loud until Angel flew onto to the bed on top of him, pushing him down and cupping his face, forcing him to meet his gaze. “Do want you”. Leaning down, slowly, giving Xander time to pull away, withdraw. A smile crossing his face as the lids lowered over golden eyes, the head tilted back and Xander accepted his kiss, moaning at the taste of his beautiful Childe as he opened for him. Caressing his cheeks, tilting his head, he deepened the kiss, letting his body drop down to rest on top of the man.

Xander moaned, tongue darting between Angel's lips daringly, slicing against fangs and gasping at his first taste of blood since he awoke. Oh my God, like chocolate/twinkies/sex/love all rolled into one and wanted, no needed more of that taste – almost as much as he needed what Angel was doing to him now. Strong hands pulling him tight, made him aware that he was naked for the first time, legs parting to welcome Angel into the cradle of his hips as his suddenly rigid dick was pressed between their bellies. Panting for breath, in the back of his mind aware that he no longer needed to do that but unable to stop – gratified when he realised that Angel was breathing too.

Pulling back, Angel dropped kisses all over Xander's face – his brow ridges, which he knew were so sensitive in his newborn state, fingers lightly tracing his brow before tunnelling into his hair and pulling Xander into another kiss. He wasn't going to mess this up, make the mistakes he'd made with Spike. He wanted Xander out of his head with passion – ready and willing and sure this was what he wanted. They rolled on the bed, Xander pressing his hips into Angel's, grinding his erection against the hardness he could feel, the cotton softness of Angel's jeans a delightful tease against his newly sensitive flesh.

“Fuck – please, Sire – please....” His mind was whirling as he felt Angel's hands on his ass, pulling him closer, squeezing them as he thrust up to meet Xander's movements. Pushing himself up so that he was straddling him, he reached for the hem of Angel's tank, looking up into the other's face for permission. Angel smiled and nodded, sitting up to tug the shirt over his head, hissing as Xander immediately took advantage of the removal to stroke his hands down Angel's chest, flicking over taut nipples teasingly. He wrapped his arms around his boy, strong hands tracing the muscles in the broad back, tugging Xander closer. Kissing deeply, he deliberately sliced his tongue on Xander's fangs, letting him taste Sire's blood for the first time. “Ooooh fuck!!” Diving in once more, he pushed Angel backwards, gasping as Angel shoved him over and mounted him, tugging at the waistband of his jeans as he did so. 

The hotel was quiet, no one in the lobby to greet him as he slid through the front door. Taking a quick swig from the half empty bottle of JD, Spike walked further in, stopping as he realised he was tracking through blood.
“Fuckin 'ell, Peaches, looks like a blood bath”. The scent of the blood teased at him, familiar but out of context. Something wasn't right – didn't feel right, and tossing the bottle of JD onto a chair Spike moved towards the rear of the lobby to the stairs. Light on his feet, he took the stairs downwards, remembering from his previous visits that Angel lived downstairs.

He could hear sounds, but they were muffled becoming clearer as he moved further. Crossing the living space he reached the bedroom door, finally identifying the sounds as moans of pleasure. Pushing the door inwards, he took in the sight of Angel sprawled possessively over a body, hips thrusting powerfully beneath loosened jeans, the muscles of his back rippling as he caged the person below him.

Finally alert, Angel reared up and turned towards him in full game-face, his companion following his movements, reluctant to let him go, not realising someone else was in the room until he turned to face him. For a second it didn't register, the beauty of the true vampiric face delaying the moment when he realised it was -

“Xander!?!”