The Manor
by Xinthon

Part 1

Amy receives an offer and escape from her life.

Amy hated her apartment it was small and dirty but what could you expect from a minimum wage salary, and no savings to speed of having had to pay rent from 18 when she was no longer a child and the foster system dumped her In the world. Uni was out of the window no way she could afford that she instead she drifted free life. She unlocked the door of her apartment complex walking over to check her mailbox not that their would be anything inside apart from advertisements for things she could to afford but it offered her a few more seconds before she had to open the door to the home she hated.

She grew the envelops down on her table knowing that she would just grow them in the bin later anyway but it would giver her something to do later on. She sat down and turned on the tv flicking through the channels she had before setting on some mindless reality TV. Her eyes glanced down and saw a white envelope on with a red stamp across the front reading confidential, fearing the worst of some message from her bank explaining her financial doom she oped the letter up relief flooding through her when she released it was not her bank or apartment complex but something mix weirder.

The letter went onto explain a job opportunity that she met the criteria for. It explained how she would give up her old life and live in a manner on a large private estate in return she would complete scenarios that her employer wished which did seem a bit concerning to her but then the idea of a manner seemed evenly compared to her one bedroom apartment which had a mattress sat on the floor. She knew the risks of course this could quite easy be a human trafficking ploy to the stupid and gullible but she had to be honest to herself knowing that she couldn't continue for much longer with her current life and that was after 2 years since she tuned 18 so she might as well try and let go if it went to shit she would just work out what to do from there. So she read on reading the end of the first page detailing the next steps if she wanted to continue, explaining how she would have to read free the terms and conditions enclosed and then take a clear picture of each page with her initials on the bottom and then the final page with her signature. She did so not reading the fine print after all it was page after page of black slabs of ink that if she had read she would know some of the more detailed aspects of what she would be required to do.

She sent of the pictures and sat her hart pounding on the sofa expecting it to take w while before a reply would come but instead she received a text back few seconds later reading " You have been excepted into the role, you will be picked up at 11:00 tomorrow, do not pack any bags you belonging will be bagged and placed into storage for you". With that Amy was even more scitimsh showering letting the hot water flow over her to calm her muscles not working about the hot water cost for once and once she left the shower she raided her cabinets drinking the last of her alcohol stash to take her nerves away and help her drift into sleep.

She found herself the next day dressed and waiting on the road outside her flat only with the clothes on her back to take with her when the black SUV arrived and she climbed in the driver not looking back at her as he drove off and her being to awkward to speak to ask where they were going or how long ti would take. Amy sat in silence for the journey loosing track of time and blacking out multiple times so that when they finally arrived at a set of thick iron gates the last dregs of sunlight were leaving the sky. The gates opened automatically leading them to a gravel road that they continued up revealing a large house that the surrounding forest and trees had hidden from view of the outside world. The walls a pale stone covered in ivory climbing the walls with large windows overlooking the grounds and a lake in the distance.

Climbing out of the car she was greeted by a bald man dressed in a plain black suit who without a word walked into the house not looking back, she follow nervously into a grant entrance hall with epencivke rugs and ornaments surrounding her. The man lead them deep into the house and then down a flight of stairs into a much more modern and clinical space apposed to the old and cosy area above. He opened a door and motioned for her to walk inside which she did at tis point her nerves reaching a hole new level as she saw the examination bed inferno of her. She expected him to follow her into the room but instead he left closing the door behind him leaving her alone.

Luckily not for to long not giving her mind to much time to regret her decision as a door the other side of the room opened and beautiful woman walked though the door in a white coat and she took a seat on an office chair next to the bed. "Please take a seat" she asked not looking up from the clip board that she had in her hand.

Amy sat on the bed her feet dangling of the bed waiting for the woman to say something. Finally she stood up putting the clip board down onto a table. " Lay down for examination " she said pulling on a set of gloves as Amy laid down feeling toady exposed as the woman loomed over her. " I will now, start the transformation process, this is your lat chance to back down" taking Amy by surprise who even through her fear didn't think about leaving as an option she contemplated it for a second especially with the word transformation involved but she new what she would be going back to and if she didn't go though with this she would always regret it.

She nodded to the woman "sorry, but I need verbal consent" she said looking at her calmly, " I consent" Amy croaked not having spoken in hours. " Good he will be pleased" the Wiman said leaving Amy to wonder when she would meet the man this was all for.". " I will restrain you now for the next stage but do not fear it will all be safe I am well trained" she said bringing out thick leather straps out from under the bed over Amy's stomach ankles and wrists and then a final strap over her mouth with a ball "please open your mouth, its to stop you biting your tongue" she asked as Amy oped her mouth letting her place the rubber ball between her lips. She then wanted in horror as the woman retuned with a knife in hand and stated removing her clothes, Amy had hated her body all her life her pale skin not being clear or housing anything substantial her breast never developing only becoming small rises on her chest matching her flat rear. She was just small at 5'3 but unfortunately her body not developing in a way to male that attractive instead she looked like a child most of the time.

Because of this, she had not shared her body with anyone in her life this woman being the first person to see her naked since she was a child. She was unable to cover herself from the eyes of the woman as she combed her body from her black hair to her chest and then bushy pubes to her feet. She walked away and for a moment Amy feared she would unstrap her rejecting her because of her body so she was relived when she retuned with a needle " this has been specially derived for your DNA and will cause your body to change over the course of a few minutes but after you will look completely different. As the forms said you will become a permanent blond your hair becoming thicker and longer down to your mid back this will be the only hair that you can grow the rest of your body will be hairless next your breasts will grow into a d cup and will be maid to stay perky along with your ass which Will also grow and stay perky and jiggly, also making you temporality infertile It will hurt for a few minutes but after that your new body will be ready quite amazing really" she finished stabbing the needly into Amy's arm not giving her time to process.

A burning erupted all over Amy's body straight away snd she felt herself stretching as her boobs grew on her chest a whole new weight on their, as her hips grew along with her new ass becoming fuller and curvy. The woman was truthful to her word as the pain while great only lasted a few minutes with her passing out as the pain faded.

She woke up feeling the best she ever felt in a comfortable bed in a large room that was clearly in the upper house. She could see daylight outside through the large window the other side of the room so she had slept all night after the transformation. She climbed out of the bed walking to a cane it next to the door where a silver serving tray sat with a glass of water and a folded sheet of paper. She downed to water before opening the letter, even though the nature of the transformation had hinted as to what the task she would have would be she was still shocked to read it.

" As you know you will be an in bourse porn star of sorts for the owner of this house, this will be your room your own space free from cameras. Outside this room you will be recorded for his pleasure. You will receive a breath of the tasks for the day in a latter like this each morning with breakfast and will be expected to turn up on time to the relevant place. You will now be escorted to a separate room once their you will explore your new body bringing yourself to orgasm."

Amy finished the letter both scared and slightly turned on, she had hated her body all her life but finally she had the me she could be proud off. She could feel the new weight of her chest beneath her gown as she walked and couldn't wait to see how they felt so with only slight apprehension left the room the same bald man weighting outside for her. She followed him down the hall past several closed doors until he opened one which she walked inside finding a bed in the centre of the room with multiple wall and ceiling mounted cameras.

Gulping she asserted her fate shrugging the gown off her shoulders showing her now clear skin to the room. She climbed onto the bed the weird new weight in her chest throwing her off slightly and she layer down in the middle of the bed. She brought her hands up her body to her chest for the first time living the feeling of her full chest between her fingers as she groped the flesh pressing them together pulling them down even pushing one up to her mouth and sucking in her own nipple.

Leaving one hand on her chest squeezing and pulling in her nipple sending sparks of pleasure though her she loved the other down her now toned stomach spreading her legs slightly to reach her pussy feeling the smooth skin she placed her finger between her folds pushing it in and arching her back gasping has she brushed against her g spot. She held her finger inside her self for a moment moving it against the sensitive spot covering it in her juices before pulling it out slowly and moving to her clit using two fingers to slowly rub in slow circles, moaning loudly to the room as she did so. She slowly spread up furiously rubbing her clit the idea that someone was watching her new sexy body and getting off to it filling her with excitement.

A new desire to please this person filled her making her spread her legs wider and push two fingers back into her pussy now fucking herself hard. She sat up onto her knees her hand still inside her as she fuck herself bouncing slightly on her hand. " do you like this" she asked trying her best at a sultry tone " am I a good little slut for you " she asked not expecting a response. She laid back down bending her knees so her feet were flat in the bed. She tried to add a 3rd finger into her pussy pushing a little harder she stretched herself enough to get it in feeling fuller then she ever had before and continue her assault.

She didn't last much longer before she came her body spasming as she moaned out loudly her hips thrusting into the air trying to get her fingers as deep as possible until she fell limp on the bed her body exhausted after waves of pleasure had rocked though her. She stumbled to her feet putting the gown back on holding it across her chest as she opened the door the man waiting outside still not saying anything about the sounds she is sure he must of heard as he led her back to her room.


Part 2

She dropped her robe again when she was back in her room, enjoying the freedom of being naked.Looking though the draws In the room she found sets of underwear and bras all of the lacier and sexy fashion she grabbed a white set pulling them on before opening up the wardrobe seeing a row of expensive dresses and a few skirts and tops. She picked out a yellow and white sun dress. Walking over to the door she tried to open it happily finding it unlocked and began to explore the large expanse of halls of her new home. She was lost within a few minutes somehow ending up at a back door leading out to the manors gardens.

She walked through the well maintained gardens passing a few men who were tending to the flowers but like everyone else they said nothing to her. Most barely acknowledging her existence making her wonder how many times they had experienced this before. She wandered the gardens for a while finding herself following narrow gravel track that lead away from the planted gardens and towards the lake enjoying the long walk in solitude looking out across the beautiful landscape.

Before making her way back to the house, walking back through the door she left from and attempting to retrace her steps. Eventually finding her room and falling back to sleep after skimming though Netflix for something to watch.

When she woke she could tell it was the next day by the smell of coffee In the room. Climbing out of bed to claim the breakfast waiting for her as they said it would be taking it back to her bed and filling herself on the cooked breakfast and fruit available. She then read the letter that was also folded on the tray.

" Todays task will be the taking of your virginity. When you enter the room you will find a man waiting. You will strip and proceed to service him getting his dick hard for penetration. You will then engage in intercourse in a position that he will put you in, do not speak to him only moans or dirty talk are allowed.

Ps, Your enthusiasm was appreciated "

She finished the letter with butterflies in her stomach, this would be her first time having sex as the letter stated. It being something she had put off for years fearing how a boyfriend would react to her but now it exited her. She felt a tingling between her legs at the last line, her desire to please her employer becoming even stronger as she dressed pulling on a black lace thong and bra as well as a skirt and tube top.

She left the room this time no one waiting outside for her so she made her way as she had done yesterday to the previous room assuming it would be the right one and walked inside. A man stood inside naked, his dick hanging between his legs soft. His face didn't change when he saw her. She wondered for a second if he was her employer but new he couldn't be and that he was likely in the same position as her or at least an employee of her employer. Not that his body seemed remarkable enough to have been transformed.

Not that he was ugly, to say the least he was handsome with a lean figure with small signs of abs showing. She stood in front of him faltering for a moment looking directly at one of the cameras the though of the person the other side giving her the courage to carry on. She reached down pulling her top over her head revealing her bra to the man's eyes as he looked down his dick twitching slightly but not growing, so she continued wiggling out of her skirt flicking it to the side when it hit the floor.

Still he remained still even as she dropped her bra the straps gliding off her shoulders and to the ground. She made her final move, dropping her panties to the floor slowly sliding them down her legs bending over but keeping eye contact with him the entire time. She stood back up and walked over to him not stopping until their bodies were pressed together as one, placing her hands lightly over his sides she began to lower down onto her knees to be face to face with his dick.

With no previous experience to speak of she had to go fully off of what she had seen online. She wrapped one hand around the now hardening cock, feeling it slowly growing in her hand. Lifting his rod up to expos the two balls hanging below. Leaning forward slightly she took one in her mouth and sucking on it lightly letting it pop out of her mouth before she liked her way up the underside of his now hard dick. Lightly kissing the tip as she reached it before pulling back slightly to look up at him in the eye as she opened her mouth taking the tip inside gliding her tongue over his head. Keeping eye contact she slid her lips down his cock taking as much of it in as she could finding her gag reflex to be nearly non existent now but still struggling with the last couple inches as it hit the back of her throat.

Slowly she drew back leaving his cock shiny with her saliva before pushing back down taking health the rod into her mouth and using her other hand on the exposed section trying to recreate what she had seen online twisting her hand as well as pumping it back and forth. She continued this for a few minutes until is breathing got heavy giving her the queue to pull back her instructions saying to prepare him for sex not to finish him off.

She sat down her bum resting on the back of her legs as she looked up at him, expectantly waiting for him to now take lead with what position she would be taken in first. With only a few passing moments he had turned around and laid down on the bed his shiny dick pointing up into the air waiting for her to impale herself on. She stood up her new wide hips swinging naturally as she walked towards him climbing onto the bed and crawling towards him waving her ass as she did trying to appear sexy.

She straddled his waste and placed a leg each side of him siting up to look down at him as he looked up at her his eyes darting between her face, chest and her clean lower lips. That were hovering above the tip of his dick feeling it rub between her folds reaching round behind her to keep it in place as she slowly lowered herself gasping as she left herself being spread apart.

Wincing as she continued to lower herself onto the cock, moaning as inch after inch disappeared into her folds stretching her previously unused pussy as she slid down his length taking deep breaths. Feeling herself slowly being filled, taking her time compared to the women she had seen online so easily take dicks much bigger than this one but for her slowly easing down was all she could manage.

That was until the mans hands planted themselves onto her hips and began pulling her down sinking the last few inches of his dick painfully into her pussy. Gasping Amy felt his whole length stretch her out as she sat on him with the cock fully inside of her.

She grabbed one of his hands placing it on her chest. Focusing on his hand as he groped and squeezed the flesh to keep her distracted, she began to rise up pulling his dick out of her before sliding back down with just the tip left inside. With his other hand still guiding her hips up and down slowly as the burning sensation faded and she was left with just pleasure.

With each movement she found herself moaning louder and louder fighting against the sound of their slapping skin that fill the room. Remembering the note about her enthusiasm and now feeling more confident, Amy decided she had to start playing the role more.

"Fuck your dick is so fucking big, do you like how my virgin pussy feels around your cock. Do you want to fill my little pussy up with your cum" trying to keep her voice from trembling as his dick continued to be pushed into her by gravity.

The groping of her boobs became more violent his hand squeezing and pulling on the flesh pinching her new sensitive nipples making her cry out even more. His other hand left her hip moving round and grabbing a handful of her ass before roughly slapping her making her lurch forward grinding on his dick loving the surge of pleasure as his dick was pressed even harder against her g-spot.

Switching her movements, she slid his dick all the way inside of her pussy and began to grind back and forward on his cock.

"God your dick feels so good inside me, slap my ass leave hand prints on me! " she begged her movements becoming more needy and primal as he slapped her ass repeatedly. Driving her on as she grinned on his dick, feeling herself building closer to her orgasm until she came. Her legs shaking heavily as her pussy clamped round his dick making him moan out for the first time.

She collapsed onto him her new tits pressed between them while Amy caught her breath but she was soon moving again keeping her body low she began to twerk on his dick. Her ass shaking wildly as she did, until his hands grabbed each side spreading them apart making her shiver as her asshole was exposed to the room.

The slapping of flesh grew louder as he helped her fuck him, using his hands to guide her faster and faster while simultaneously pushing up into her with his hips off of the bed. The new speed and ferocity driving her wild as her pussy still hyper sensitive from her last orgasm drew closer to another.

Yet her release was denied when the man threw her off grabbing his cock and finished him self off. Amy staid still as ropes of cum hit her face opening her mouth she caught some strands swallowing the thick liquid and rubbing the rest into her large tits or scooping more into her mouth depending where it landed.

He then left while she was still distracted. She walked back to her room soon after, not bothering to put her clothes back on. After all they have just watched her loose her virginity on camera, what would a bit of nudity matter. Especially with how happy her new body made her she wanted people to see though unfortunately she made It back to her room without coming across anyone.

Her skin still covered in cum she ran into the shower, turning on the water to full and letting the heat wash over her. Without bothering to scrub herself clean she pushed her fingers between her legs already so close to her second orgasm she got to work swapping between rubbing her clit and using her fingers to stimulate her g-spot inside her now used pussy. She dropped to the floor her legs already tired from being on top were to wobbly to stay standing. so she sat under the water, playing with her pussy like their was no tomorrow, only caring about this orgasm.

She came soon after, three fingers deep inside her when her legs clapped together, loosing control once again. Splashing around like a fish she lay panting, allowing the water to soak her skin cleaning it of the strangers cum.


