The Official Rules of Strip Twister
by Bethany Boh 

"The game that ties you up in knots, gets you drunk, and makes you take your clothes off!"


An excerpt from Little Debbie Plays Doctor - part 1

To see this in a larger font, use your browser's Zoom function.

Play STRIP TWISTER when you feel like getting totally crazy with your friends. We recommend you play it in warm weather, or at least turn up the heat or put on a fire. And you'll need to stock up on alcoholic refreshments. Also, we recommend you do not drink and drive, as it's way more fun to have a sleep-over with your Strip Twister friends.

WHAT YOU'LL NEED:

You'll need an original TWISTER DIAL with the spinning arrow, and the PLASTIC MAT with the colored dots. Everything else about this version of Twister is, well, twisted! If you don't happen to have a game of Twister sitting around, you can still buy it cheap in toy stores. Print these rules and keep them with the game. You will also have to write out some cards with "tasks" on them (see rule #10).

THE RULES OF STRIP TWISTER:

 1. The players ANTE UP an agreed amount to play (say $5 each). The last person to remain in the game wins the pot.

 2. One person has to be the "REFEREE". The referee spins the dial for each player. The referee enforces the rules, and can disqualify any player if she/he deems it's warranted by the rules. The ref will also help the players perform "tasks" (see rule #10). The person the ref is spinning for is called the "ACTIVE PLAYER".

 3. UP TO 4 PLAYERS CAN PLAY (not counting the referee). To start, each player puts one foot on a corner dot. It doesn't matter which foot, and it doesn't matter which color. The ref spins the arrow to see which player starts, then the order is clockwise. The ref spins for each player, and the active player has to put a hand or foot on the color the arrow stops on. For your first 3 turns, you can place any hand or foot that is not already on the mat on any available dot of the selected color. After all the player's hands and feet are placed on dots, the player chooses which hand or foot to move to an unoccupied dot of the selected color.

When the active player chooses an unoccupied dot, they may pick a dot because it is more convenient to reach, or they may pick a dot which is more interesting! (Whatever that means to you.)

 4. DRESS CODE: You have to take your shoes off before the game starts. Things that DO NOT COUNT as items of clothing to be stripped off: purses, wallets, fanny packs, glasses, watches, jewelry and pierced items, an eye patch or glass eye, hearing aids, cell phones and electronics. Otherwise someone might wear two rings on every finger and toe. Nipple pasties are like jewelry, and do not count.

Ultimately, it's up to the referee to say what counts as an item of clothing. Players should dress normally, wearing approximately an equal number of items of clothing. At any time, the referee can ask players to take some clothing off if he/she thinks they are overly dressed. Socks count as two items, but if you wear two or more of anything else, they count as one item. (For instance, if you wear booster cups under your bra, the bra and the cups come off as one item.)

 5. A player's HANDS AND FEET MUST NOT LEAVE THE DOTS. If a player leaves any dots that they are occupying, or falls, the player may be disqualified at the discretion of the ref (same as regular Twister). Valid exceptions for temporarily leaving dots are listed in rules #6, 7, 8, 9.

 6. ANY SORT OF UNNECESSARY ROUGHNESS, PUSHING, OR UNAUTHORIZED TICKLING IS NOT ALLOWED (except tickling as allowed by rule #8). If the ref calls a player for unnecessary roughness, he can order that player to DRAW A CARD (and do as it says). As for any player who has been pushed, they just resume their position.

 7. If the ARROW LANDS ON GREEN, the currently active player must STRIP OFF 1 ITEM of CLOTHING. The active player is allowed to leave their position temporarily to do this. After the item of clothing has been removed, the active player must resume the same position on the dots, and then the active player moves any hand or foot to an unoccupied GREEN dot.

 8. If the ARROW LANDS ON RED, the other players have to KISS THE ACTIVE PLAYER ON THE MOUTH. Each kisser can temporarily leave up to 3 of their dots to do this, but at least 1 foot or hand must remain on it's dot. After the kiss, each kisser must resume their current position. If a kisser can't reach the active player to kiss her/him on the mouth, the ref must ask them to draw a card (and do what it says).

The ACTIVE PLAYER must make her/his mouth as AVAILABLE as possible to receive each kiss from the other players, without leaving any dots. After receiving all kisses, the active player then takes one hand or foot off a dot, and places it on an unoccupied RED dot.

Optional substitutions for #8: If a player is squeamish about kissing on the mouth, they may opt for "no tongue", or even a Hollywood kiss (not directly on the mouth) - BORING! Players of the same sex can just shake hands. In any case, at least 1 foot or hand must remain on it's dot for the kisser, and all feet and hands stay in position for the active player who receives the kisses etc.

 9. If the ARROW LANDS ON BLUE, the active player must TICKLE EACH OF THE OTHER PLAYERS, for 10 seconds each (the ref counts), using one hand or both hands, and it can be anywhere or everywhere on their body - in hope that they might lose their balance and fall off their dots, for which the ref MUST DISQUALIFY them. The active player/tickler must keep at least 1 FOOT on the dot it was on, while tickling the others. After tickling the other players, the active player resumes her/his previous position, then moves any hand or foot to an unoccupied BLUE dot.

Optional substitution for #9: If everyone is agreeable, tickling is only permitted above the belt line - in case they can't handle that much excitement. BORING!!

 10. If the ARROW LANDS ON YELLOW, the active player must DRAW A CARD and do what it says. The cards must be created before starting the game (you can just write on napkins, or scraps of paper, etc). Keep them in order, and take the top card, replacing it on the bottom (or you could shuffle them).

Each card tells you to perform a specific task. You can use our suggestions for tasks (see below), or you can make up your own tasks - (a task should be challenging, or embarrassing, or it gets you more drunk, or all three!) The active player may temporarily leave her/his position on the dots to fulfill the task, and the ref will assist as necessary. After the task is fulfilled, the active player resumes her/his same position, then moves any hand or foot to an unoccupied YELLOW dot.

ANY TIME YOU ARE REQUIRED TO DRAW A CARD: If, in the ref's wise opinion, you have FAILED to perform your task, you must STRIP OFF 1 ITEM OF CLOTHING, then draw another card and do as it says... repeating as necessary until you succeed at a task.

There must be at least 2 task cards, but it's more fun if there are several. Let your imagination run wild! Here are a few suggestions for tasks you might put on the cards:

 a) Down a shot of tequila (or other liquor).

 b) Stand on your head for 15 seconds while holding an ice cube between your legs, without dropping it. The ref will assist in placing the ice cube in a secure location.

 c) Crawl on your hands and knees around everyone in the room with an ice cube placed on your back, without it falling off.

 d) Chug a glass of beer with your head upside down without spilling any (the glass would be placed against your upper lip, instead of your lower lip).

 e) Describe, in graphic detail to everyone in the room, an embarrassing sexual experience you had. If the ref thinks your story is too boring, or if you don't have a story, you fail. Strip off 1 item of clothing, then take another card and do as it says.


 f) Pour a round of shots for everyone, including yourself.

 11. If the ARROW LANDS ON A COLOR the active player is ALREADY OCCUPYING, the active player cannot move a hand or foot that's on that color. They must move a hand or foot which is on a different color, to an unoccupied dot of the selected color, after fulfilling other requirements for that color. (So for example, if RED is selected and your LEFT FOOT is already on red, it stays there. The player must fulfill all kissing requirements for RED rule #7, then she/he moves any hand or their RIGHT foot to an unoccupied RED dot.)

 12. ONLY 1 HAND OR FOOT IS ALLOWED ON EACH DOT AT A TIME. You cannot move to a dot which is already occupied, you can only move to a dot which is unoccupied - no matter how far, or how awkward the position. If you can't possibly reach an unoccupied dot for the selected color, you must fulfill the requirements for that color, then STRIP OFF 1 item of clothing, then resume the same position (without moving to an unoccupied dot).

 13. IF ALL 6 DOTS of the SELECTED COLOR ARE ALREADY OCCUPIED (by any players, including the active player), the active player DOES NOT MOVE TO A NEW DOT. She/he must fulfill the requirements for the selected color, then STRIP OFF 1 item of clothing, then resume the same position. (So for example, if GREEN is selected, and all 6 green dots are occupied, the active player must strip off 1 item of clothing (as required by rule #6 for green), then she/he must strip off ANOTHER item of clothing (this rule #13)... then she/he resumes the same position.

 14. Although pushing is not allowed, it's OKAY TO INTERTWINE WITH OTHER PLAYERS in order to reach an unoccupied dot. You can reach over, under, or around a player, or between their legs. Just don't knock them over, or the ref may ask you to draw a card.

 15. Once a PLAYER IS TOTALLY NAKED, they continue playing as usual, and they simply IGNORE any requirements to strip off clothing. All other requirements must be fulfilled, and all other rules apply.

 16. Optional rule (if it's agreeable): PLAYERS CAN NOT BE DISQUALIFIED UNTIL THEY ARE COMPLETELY NAKED. If a player is eligible to be disqualified, but is still wearing clothing, the ref can not kick them out of the game. In stead, the ref must ask them to STRIP OFF 1 item of clothing for their infraction. Keep them playing till they are gloriously in the nude. This rule is handy if you have some hot looking players, and you always wanted to check out their junk!

(c) 2012 by Bethany Boh <b.boh@hushmail.com>