"Not bad," Snape continued, "but not entirely satisfactory either. It's a pity Draco Malfoy embraced the Dark Lord. He could have set you a marvelous example."

"How do you know… never mind, I don't want to know." Harry scowled and chewed his lip. "Wait, yes I do."

"Draco Malfoy…"

"OK, I was right the first time, I don't want to know."

Snape languidly stroked Harry's thigh. "Jealous?"

"Of Malfoy? Are you having me on?"

Snape raised an eyebrow.

"Fine. Yes. I'm jealous of Malfoy. He got to you first."

Snape leant over and kissed Harry's sternum. "As a matter of fact, he didn't."

"Then?"

"Good lord, Potter, even you couldn't have missed how obsequious the little rodent could be when he put his mind to it. Now, imagine him in a room full of powerful wizards it behoved him to placate."

"Lovely image that."

"Yes, isn't it."

"So, if we're done talking about ferret-boy…" Harry whimpered as Snape lovingly licked him at the juncture of thigh and groin. "When are we going to get to the main event?"

"I beg your pardon?"

"The real thing, you know."

"Are you implying that the events that have thus far transpired this evening can be categorized as a mere chimera?"

Snape watched with an amused expression as Harry tracked that statement.

"Would it have killed you to have said, ‘wasn't it good for you?'"

"No, boy, it would not have killed me, but it's not what I was asking either."

"OK. I apologize. I certainly didn't mean to imply that what we've done so far hasn't been real."

"Do I detect a ‘but' at the end of that statement?"

"But, you know, Little Harry, Junior… Spelunking… Just nod if any of this sounds familiar."

"You wish to penetrate me anally?"

Harry rolled his eyes. "Certainly not how I would have phrased it, but yes, I wish to penetrate you anally."

"No."

"No?"

"No."

"Well, we could do this indefinitely, but I'll just go ahead and blink first, shall I? Why not?"

"You had your opportunity, Mr Potter. I was in a state in which I would have submitted to virtually your every whim. If you chose to squander you hearts desire, or Little Harry's – well named by the way – "

"Oi!"

"- on depilating my genitalia, why then, you have no one to blame but yourself."

"So you're not going to let me fuck you?"

"Certainly not."

"I ask again, why not?"

"One, I'm hardly the one to voluntarily indulge your pathetic attempts at control and domination. Two, the storm you landed us in seems to be abating. I think it's time to start attempting to discern our location and how we are going to get back."

A flash of lightning momentarily illuminated the room. Harry grinned and Snape managed to invest a simple exhalation of breath with an amazing amount of pique.

"Three, since the storm is apparently not abating after all, I suggest we get some sleep."

"Sleep? I can't sleep with all that going on." Harry gestured vaguely toward the window. "Nor with you doing that." Snape was nibbling at Harry's hipbone.

With an exaggerated sigh, Snape said, "Very well. Allow me the use of your wand, if you would."

Harry felt around on the bed and located his wand. "You're not just going to Somnus me, are you?"

"Not at all." Before Harry even had a chance to sigh with relief, Snape waved the wand and muttered something inaudible.

Suddenly, Harry found himself floating on his back in mid-air. Although there were no ropes, no chains, no sling, he felt wonderfully supported, cradled by air somehow made solid, but the only thing he could move was his head – and that just barely. His hands were locked behind his head and his feet touched the back of his thighs.

"Nice trick, Snape. Now what?"

Snape's reply was another flick of the wand and now Harry was upright but still suspended. Another flick and Harry was floating face down, his cock dangling.

"Uh, you're making me a little dizzy." He instantly regretted saying it as Snape flicked the wand again and Harry started spinning slowly in the air.

"You're going to make me ill. Surely that's not what you want?"

"I'm merely making sure I can do this correctly. It's odd, to say the least, to use someone else's wand for something so… intimate." Snape chuckled. He dipped the wand in the air and Harry felt himself lowered until he was about level with Snape's waist, still face down.

"Oh! You're not… you are!"

He felt Snape's hands part his cheeks and felt something very hard and surprisingly warm penetrate him. Harry's face flamed red.

"I wonder if there's a Ministry for the Misuse of Wizarding Artifacts."

"Don't tell me you consider this misuse. What boy hasn't used his wand in this manner?"

"This boy, for one. It's never even occurred to me."

"And you think yourself a wizard. Pity. You've missed out on a lot, seemingly.

Snape touched his fingers to the end of the wand protruding from Harry's arse. "Engorgio!"

Harry almost screamed as the magic, instead of enveloping him as it usually seemed to, shot out of the wand's tip and through him. As he opened his mouth he realized it didn't hurt at all and then almost scream turned to definite gasp as he felt his wand expanding, stretching him almost to the point of discomfort.

"Lubricus!" Snape murmured and Harry groaned with pleasure as the magic shot through him again. Groan turned to whimper as Snape began to ease the wand slowly in and out.

"It's a bit different with the wand in you, isn't it?"

"You might say that," Harry said hoarsely.

"Unpleasant?"

"I'm not sure yet."

"Accio flannel!" Snape said as he thrust the wand deeper into Harry's arse.

Harry hissed as once again the magic zapped through his insides, seeming to draw his testicles up into his body and along the spell's path. "Merlin's hairy balls, that's, that's…" His words were cut-off by the wet flannel that slapped against his head.

"Hmm," said Snape, "clearly I need to work on my aim."

"You think?" Harry muttered.

"I had thought, when you left Hogwarts, that my days of teaching you were over but it's clear that there are still some rather large gaps in your education. One of the things you have failed to learn is patience. Let's see if we can't teach you some, shall we?"

Harry watched, wide-eyed, as Snape held the flannel over his groin at the same time as he pressed down on the end of the wand. Snape had transfigured the cloth into what looked like two pairs of tweezers with teeth, connected by a long strip of what appeared to be leather.

"Holy smegging shit! What's that for?"

"Really, Harry. You must do something to extend your vocabulary." Again Snape thrust the wand deeper as he said, "Accio shaving mug!"

Harry tried to duck his head and then sighed in relief as the mug whistled past his ear and landed with a thunk in Snape's hand.

"It's tempting to wash your mouth out with soap, or in this case shaving cream, however, I'm sure the results would be of short duration." Pivoting the wand, Snape transfigured the shaving bowl into a ball-gag.

"I'm guessing you got an O on your transfiguration NEWT."

"Indeed. And now, because you clearly are incapable of keeping your mouth shut, I'm going to shut it for you." With that, Snape forced the ball between Harry's teeth and quickly fastened the straps behind his head.

"I should have thought of this years ago."

Harry grunted.

Snape touched his hand to the wand again and Harry found himself staring at the ceiling once more.

"You, Mr Potter, are all about the quick and profane. Everything is now, now, now. You are all about cock," Snape stroked once up Harry's shaft, "and balls," he gathered Harry's balls in one hand and squeezed lightly, "and arse," stroking lightly across the puckered opening. "But there's so much more."

Snape ghosted his lips over Harry's neck and smiled wickedly as the younger man tried to arch his neck into the touch.

"As I was saying, Mr Potter, patience is something of which you seem to have a short supply. One way to teach patience is to show you how pleasurable it can be to go slow." Snape held the tweezers on their leather cord in front of Harry's eyes. "Relax, Harry. You're going to enjoy this."

Something like a hiss escaped from around the gag in Harry's mouth as Snape pinched a nipple between thumb and forefinger and attached one of the tweezers. Snape tugged lightly on the leather and Harry exhaled sharply through his nose. Before he had a chance to adjust to the sensation, his other nipple was given the same treatment. Sharp pain settled into a dull ache and his nipples flared with heat.

"It's a shame you can't control your mouth, Harry. I would love to hear you scream."

For the first time, Harry began to feel a little afraid, realizing how very helpless he was, suspended in mid-air, unable to move anything but his head. Well, and apparently his cock still had freedom of movement. It climbed out of it's nest of pubic hair and pointed straight at the ceiling.

Touching the wand lightly, Snape murmured, "Agito" and took his hand away. The wand began to slowly move in and out on its own. Harry groaned again.

"Are you enjoying that, Mr Potter? Just nod your head. Good."

Snape moved between Harry's spread knees and put his hands on the protruding hip bones. Slowly and firmly he slid them across the flat belly. "There's so much more to sex than cock and balls and lips and tongue and arse, Mr Potter." His fingers pressed lightly into the indents between ribs. "There is no place on the body that isn't an erogenous zone if treated correctly." He brushed his thumbs across the clamped nipples and something very like a squeak escaped from around the ball-gag.

Gooseflesh pimpled Harry's skin and he shivered slightly at the delicate movement of Snape's hands. As the older man leant forward his stomach brushed against Harry's straining cock and Harry tried to pump his hips, desperate for a firmer touch.

"Tsk, tsk, Mr Potter. I will teach you patience, even if I drive you mad in the process." Snape straightened up so that he was no longer brushing against Harry's erection. "Well, I realize that boys, almost by definition, are impatient."

Harry glared at the Potions master, irate at being called a boy after everything they'd been through together.

Snape laughed. "Yes, you're still a boy, Mr Potter." He pressed his lips lightly against the weeping tip of Harry's cock. Harry shivered again. "But I intend to turn you into a man before this night is over."

Wide-eyed, Harry watched as Snape took the leather thong attached to the nipple clamps in hand. Straining with all his might, he lifted his head slightly, trying to keep Snape's hands in view as they moved with the thong down his body.

"So, let us see if I can assist you with your impatience."

Harry grunted as he felt the thong brush over his cockhead. His stopped trying to hold his head up and his eyes rolled back in his head as Snape wrapped the thong around the end of the wand, which continued to thrust in and out of Harry's arse. Each backward movement of the wand caused the thong to tug on the nipple clamps. Every forward movement brought an instant of blessed relief. Harry had never been so hard in his life.

"Patience, Mr Potter, is a virtue. You will need to learn this virtue as the next part of this exercise will take some time. I don't want you to spend too quickly. To that end, as I'm sure you're able to feel, I will bind your genitals."

How long is that damn thing, anyway? Harry wondered as Snape now twisted the leather around his balls, separating them in their sack, and finally looped it several times around the base of his shaft.

"You look absolutely delicious, Mr Potter." Snape pressed his mouth to Harry's and kissed him thoroughly. "So delicious that I'm tempted to just stand here and watch as your own wand fucks you. As your nipples are teased. As your cock strains for release. However…" Snape began to trail his fingers lightly over Harry's chest. "… I'm not sure that would be the most effective way to teach you this lesson."

Harry exhaled sharply with relief. He liked Snape's hot hands and hot eyes roaming his body. It helped take away the ache in his nipples, his balls, and his arse.

"There are two types of erogenous zones which exist in the skin. The specific, which are found in the mucocutaneous regions…"

Harry groaned again, unsure whether he was more annoyed or aroused by Snape's lecture.

"…and include the penis, the perianal region, the nipples, and the lips. You are familiar with these, and rely on them for pleasure, almost to the exclusion of all else. I have engaged each of these regions on your body and I am quite confident you find the sensations pleasurable. The other type of erogenous zone, to which you generally pay too little attention, is the non-specific. Non-specific zones include the sides and back of the neck…"

Snape paused his lecture for a practical demonstration. With an abrupt hand gesture he raised Harry's body in the air. Wrapping one hand in the messy black hair, he pulled Harry toward him, and tugged his head to the side, exposing the long arc of neck. Snape touched the tip of his fingernail to the slightly sweaty skin of Harry's throat and dragged it gently from collarbone to chin. He smiled when Harry whimpered and leaned forward to follow the path of the white scratch mark with his tongue.

Harry whined as the short hairs on his neck stood up.

"Do you find the gag frustrating, Harry?"

Harry nodded as emphatically as he could.

"If I remove it do you promise to be silent?"

Harry nodded again, eyes pleading.

"I'm not sure I believe you. If I remove the gag, Harry, I'll allow you to vocalize as much as you like as long as you don't speak. Is that agreeable? Yes, well, I suspect you'd agree to just about anything at this point. Very well, I'll remove it, but…" he continued in a threatening whisper, "if you speak before I give you permission, I'll put the gag back in and won't remove it until we return to Hogwarts. Do not make the mistake of thinking I'll relent."

Snape snapped his fingers and the straps of the gag dangled beneath Harry's neck. Long, thin fingers plucked the gag from between the dry lips and dropped it on the floor. "Shhh. Don't even try to make a sound. You need water. I'll return shortly."

Without a backward glance, Snape left the room. Harry waited, suspended in mid-air, wand continuing to fuck slowly in and out of his arse. A tear of frustration dribbled down his temple and settled irritatingly in his ear. At that moment he felt he'd give up every orgasm for the rest of his life just to have the annoying drip wiped away.

It seemed ages before Snape returned although Harry knew it was probably just minutes. He watched out the corner of his eye as Snape re-entered the room carrying a glass of water and something else Harry couldn't identify. Snape put the mystery object down on the bedside table before approaching Harry again.

"All this instruction is thirsty work." Snape took a long drink of water and Harry watched in desperation. "I imagine it must be for you as well." He took another gulp of water and then, pressing his lips against Harry's, dribbled water over the younger man's parched lips.

Nothing had ever tasted as sweet as that water lovingly passed from Snape's lips to his own. Harry swallowed gratefully and then pushed his tongue into Snape's mouth, not knowing whether he was searching for more water or desperate for a kiss. Sip by sip Snape fed Harry water from his mouth until Harry finally could swallow with ease.

"Better?"

Harry, mindful of Snape's warning about returning the gag, nodded his head.

"You may speak when I ask you a question." Snape smiled. "You may make as much noise as you want, and I'll allow you to use words as long as they are the type of obscenities one usually associates with mindless sex, or with gratitude. I will not tolerate mindless prattle nor impudence. Are we clear?"

"Yes, thank you." The gag had only been in for fifteen minutes but Harry felt as if he hadn't spoken for hours.

"Good boy. You can learn after all, it would seem. So, where was I?"

"Non-specific erogenous zones."

Snape rolled his eyes. "It was a rhetorical question, and your response borders on impudence, however, since I did ask a question I will let you slide. Don't push me, Mr Potter."

Harry lowered his eyelashes in mute apology.

"Oh, very pretty. You do have the makings of an excellent bottom."

Snape kissed Harry's throat again. When a particular spot caused Harry to gasp, he paused there, lapping lightly over the skin before pressing his teeth against it and sucking hard. "Your neck is quite responsive," he murmured approvingly. "Let's see if other areas are equally sensitive."

Without waiting for any response from Harry, Snape licked and sucked his way down the neck and across the muscular shoulder. His hands were not idle. As his lips sought out particularly sensitive areas of skin, so too did his fingers, tracing up and down Harry's chest, trailing lightly over his sides, and then gently massaging the boy's rhomboids and trapezoid. Harry almost purred with pleasure.

Snape kissed Harry's collarbone, sucking lightly at the raised point next to the hollow of the throat, and then licking along it until he came to the armpit. He bit down on a lock of black, wiry hair and pulled. When Harry yelped, Snape laughed. "Payback for plucking my pubic hairs."

Harry grinned. Snape pinched the soft flesh under his arm and smiled when Harry yelped again. "You'd best mind your manners, boy. I've already said I'm not fond of most types of rough play, but I caution you that I do know how to play rough." Belying his words he gently kissed away the burn from the pinch.

"The armpit is another highly sensitive though non-specific zone. The pleasurable sensations in non-specific zones are caused by an exaggeration of the tickle response. Many people who are susceptible to tickling are particularly so in the underarm region because there are a multiplicity of nerve endings there."

Snape stroked lightly across Harry's underarm provoking a giggle. "You, apparently are quite ticklish. However, it's my intent to teach you, not torture you."

Harry wasn't quite convinced as Snape began to wetly lave his tongue all around his armpit, thoroughly wetting both skin and hair. He relaxed as he realized it didn't tickle at all but rather felt surprisingly sexy.

With a wave of Snape's hand, Harry was brought upright in the air, although his knees were still locked in a bent position. Another wave and Harry's hands were now clasped at the small of his back rather than behind his head. He groaned with pleasure at the release of tension in his arms.

For the first time since Snape had suspended him, he became aware of Snape's cock. Hot and hard it pressed against his arm. He would have laughed when it pushed its way between his side and his arm, nestling against his underarm hair, if it hadn't felt so incredible. Harry was now hyper-focussed on every sensation afforded him by stimulation of his skin and he groaned as Snape clasped one hand to his shoulder while the other stroked the back of his neck.

He didn't know if Snape had used another lubricous spell on his own cock or if he had found some other method of oiling it, but it slid smoothly, sensuously, back and forth in his armpit.

"Fuck me," Harry whispered hoarsely. "Who knew?"

Snape bent his head at an awkward angle and captured Harry's mouth with his own. His tongue stroked in an out in the same rhythm as the cock under Harry's arm.

Harry flexed his muscles as best he could, tightening his arm against his side, increasing the friction against Snape's cock. "Oh God. Snape. Severus. Yeah, fuck it. Fuck me. That feels good." Harry groaned against Snape's lips.

"You're such a slut, Potter. A toy for my pleasure."

"Yessss," Harry hissed, lost in all the sensations Snape was giving his body, shaven cock sliding back and forth in his armpit, cock and balls bound tight, nipples numb yet aching in the clamps, and enlarged wand continuing to slowly fuck in and out of his now well loosened arsehole.

Snape's hand wrapped tightly into the short hair at the back of Harry's neck, yanking his head back viciously. Harry felt himself disappear into the fierce black eyes that stared down at him. He spiralled into pure feeling as Snape's hip pounded against his chest, Snape's fingernails dug into his shoulder, Snape's eyes devoured him. He found if he concentrated on nothing but sensation he could actually move his torso and he pushed forward, meeting each thrust of Snape's hips with a thrust of his own.

A high pitched whine came from Snape's throat and he bucked forward sharply, somehow smashing his hipbone painfully against Harry's clavicle. It should have hurt massively but it didn't and it was Harry who screamed out in pleasure as Snape came.

Snape collapsed over Harry's shoulder, his hands scrabbling weakly against the boy's muscular back. Harry groaned at the feeling of Snape's breath hot and harsh against neck, of thick, sticky come oozing down his side. He could almost hear Snape's heart pounding in his chest.

"Fuck."

"Fuck indeed, Mr Potter," Snape said.

"What was that?"

"A little Scottish treat Minerva taught me."

"You're joking." Harry's eyes couldn't possibly have got any wider.

Snape laughed. "Yes, Harry. I'm joking. I consider Minerva McGonagall to be one of my closest friends, but we are not so close that I would have learned that from her."

Snape pressed a finger against Harry's lips. "And you, Mr Potter, are not supposed to be speaking. Shall I put the gag back in?"

Harry pressed his lips tightly against each other and shook his head.

"Very well. I shall grant you yet another reprieve. I suspect you'd like to come?"

Harry nodded fervently.

"Well, you are exhibiting more patience than I would have credited you with but I am not done with your instruction yet.

"Virga desino!"

Harry groaned with mingled relief and regret as the wand in his arse stopped moving. The muscles in his arse clamped down, seeming to fight Snape's slow withdrawal of the length of wood.

"Oh God, you're killing me!"

"With pleasure, I hope?" Snape raised an eyebrow and gave a firm tug on the end of the wand.

"Fuuuuck," Harry sighed as his arse finally gave way and released its invader.

Harry wanted to scream as Snape stepped away from him, but he was back in an instant, carrying the small can he had previously left on the bedside table. He heard the pop of a lid coming off and then Snape stood between his spread knees again and pressed a kiss against his navel. Harry's eyes rolled back in his head as he felt Snape's fingers circle his wide-open hole before pressing in, pushing something thick and greasy into him.

"I'm going to fuck you, my little slut."

Harry bit his lip to keep from screaming out, ‘Finally!'

"But not the way you're expecting. The wand has loosened you up nicely. I have three fingers in you already."

Harry's body rebelled at the shocking message and he clamped down tight, muscles straining to repel the invading fingers.

"Shhhh. It's OK, Harry. You're fine. Just breathe. Breathe. It's just three tiny little fingers. Narrow, skinny, insignificant little fingers. It's nothing. You can handle this."

Harry inhaled deeply and released the breath through pursed lips. As he exhaled, he could feel Snape push forward. He took another deep breath and blew it out again.

"Good boy. Very good boy. Keep breathing, just like that." Snape's free hand rubbed in soothing circles below his navel. Every time Harry let go a breath, Snape pushed in a little further. Soon Harry could tell the fingers were in as far as they could go.

As Harry relaxed, Snape began to move the fingers in and out, all the while planting kisses on Harry's chest and stomach.

"Please?"

"What is it, boy?" Snape's tone was gentle, soothing.

"I need to move. Just a little. Please?"

Snape murmured something against Harry's belly, and Harry could feel something give slightly. Experimentally he pushed against Snape's hand and sighed with relief as his hips moved.

"God! Thank you."

"Not God," Snape said with a chuckle, "but Lord and Master before we're through."

"Do you like my fingers in you, Harry?"

"Yes. S'much better than the wand."

"There's nothing like flesh on flesh, or flesh in flesh, as the case may be."

On Harry's next intake of breath, Snape pulled the three fingers out of his arse.

"No! Don't. Please."

"Shhh, boy. You're fine. Breath in."

Harry took a shuddering breath.

"Exhale."

Open mouthed, Harry let go the breath and then gasped as Snape re-entered him, stretching him as he had never been stretched before. Experimentally, he pushed against Snape's hand and then gasped, withdrawing quickly.

"What have I been telling you, boy? Patience."

"How many?"

"Four. Just four. Keep breathing. You can do this, boy. We can do this."

"You're not going to fuck me, are you?"

Snape pushed forward sharply – a punishment - and Harry cried out in pain.

"I am fucking you, boy. You wanted the real thing," Snape pushed four fingers in to the third knuckle, "this is the real thing."

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Please don't. You're hurting me."

"You will learn patience, Mr Potter. You will learn to think before you speak."

"I'm sorry."

Snape seemed to take pity. "Yes, I know. It's OK. You're actually being a very good boy. You haven't done this before?"

"No. Not this. Never this many."

"Just keep breathing."

Snape resumed the slow feeding of his fingers into Harry's arse. He began to flex them slightly, always backing off when Harry whimpered, pushing in a little further with every exhale. Harry concentrated on breathing, just breathing. He was no longer aware of the numb ache of his nipples. He'd forgotten he had a cock and balls. There was nothing but the slow burn of Snape's fingers stretching his arse. Nothing but the individual breaths in and breaths out. If Snape touched him anywhere but his arse, Harry wasn't aware of it.

"Harry!" Snape snapped his name out as if wasn't the first time he'd called.

Harry opened his eyes and looked at Snape. He didn't have his glasses on but somehow he could see just fine. Snape's face looked different, heavier, the creases from his nose to his lips looked sharper. His lips were pulled back, revealing uneven teeth. Harry moaned at the sight of such unadulterated lust directed at him.

"Stay with me, Harry. Keep breathing."

Harry nodded and closed his eyes again. Breath in. Breath out. Breath in. Breath out.

"No, Harry. Open your eyes. Look at me. Stay with me. That's right. Look at me and keep breathing."

"Talk to me."

Snape raised an inquisitive eyebrow but said nothing.

Harry sighed and pushed down hard around Snape's fingers. He took a huge lung full of air and as he exhaled pushed down again as hard as he could. The pain helped clear his head. Suddenly he became aware of everything. He could feel sweat trickling down his face, his chest, his ribcage. Snape's free hand was pressing down just above his groin. His balls felt swollen and shockingly cold. He wondered if his cock had turned blue with lack of blood. Everything hurt. Everything burned. Everything felt wonderful, amazing, alive.

"Oh fuck!" Harry closed his eyes and panted. "Talk to me," he repeated through clenched teeth.

"What would you have me say, boy? That you're a slut?"

"Yesss," Harry hissed.

"That you're just a nasty little boy who'd do anything, anyone, just to get fucked?"

"Yes."

"I wish you could see yourself. My whore. Pushing against me. Trying to take my whole hand. I'd like to see you laid out like this in front of the Order. Panting and sweating. Prick rock hard."

"Yes."

"You'd like that, wouldn't you, whore? All those men watching you. Bound and helpless. Offered up to anybody who wanted you. They'd line up to fuck you, whore. They'd line up to take your filthy arse. One after the other until you're full of come, drenched with it. Come spilling out of your mouth, dripping off your face."

"YES! FUCK YES!"

"Are you ready, whore? Can you take my whole hand?"

"Please." Harry's voice cracked. "Please."

Harry's world exploded as Snape did several things simultaneously. Heat. Fire. Pain. Agony seared his nipples as Snape tugged on the leather thong and viciously yanked the clamps off. He screamed as his cock was suddenly freed and Snape's mouth descended on it. Snape was not gentle, his teeth scraped the glans and dragged down the shaft and then back up. Harry screamed himself hoarse as he came and came and came. He collapsed in on himself in an agony of pleasure and still Snape was not done.

Harry's arse became his entire world again as Snape, with agonizing slowness, folded his thumb into his palm and pushed his whole hand through the weakened ring of muscle. He could feel the incredible stretch of his sphincter and then suddenly, it was as if his arse just swallowed Snape's hand, sucking it in to the wrist.

"Fuck yes," Harry whispered. He smiled weakly at Snape, whose head was thrown back and whose breath was coming in short, ragged gasps.

Snape's head snapped forward and his eyes were glittering and dark as they bored into Harry's. "Are you ready?"

Harry was past speech. He barely had what it took to nod his head, but he was smiling. He gasped as Snape's hand moved inside him, fingers folding down into a fist before slowly starting to rock forward and backward.

"It's good, so good. You're beautiful, Harry. My beautiful boy."

Harry lifted his head tiredly and watched as Snape stood with his hips lined up behind his elbow and slowly thrust forward, driving his hand deeper into Harry. As he pulled his hips back, he pulled his hand back and then slowly pressed forward again, fucking Harry with his whole hand and part of his arm.

"I could touch your heart if I pushed hard enough."

"You already have," Harry thought, but he couldn't speak. He just watched Snape's face as the man fucked into him. Watched Snape bite his own lip until it bled. Watched Snape's eyes close as he continued to slowly, inexorably fuck into Harry's welcoming arse.

Harry's cock twitched as he came again and again without shooting. Idly he wondered if Snape was hard. If Snape had come. If it mattered to him whether he did or not.

Harry's eyes closed again as the hand inside him stilled. He stroked sweat matted hair away from his lover's pale face and pulled Snape's head down onto his chest, content to stay like this forever.