The Holiday
by Dionysos
Copyright© 2023 by Dionysos

Chapter 5: Tuesday

We went to the beach again and after a swim, Jenny and I grabbed our towels, water bottles and some sun lotion and took a walk up the beach again. After half an hour, we found a secluded spot in a hollow in the dunes, with tall grasses around three sides. It was open to the sea but only the occasional couple were walking along the beach, mostly along the shoreline some distance away at low tide, so we put our towels down on the sand. I was applying sun lotion to her back when I suggested. “Why don’t you slip your cossie down to your bum so that you get an even tan with no tan lines?”

She hesitated a bit then said “OK”

She took her arms out of the straps and I helped her pull the costume down to her hips, then I pulled it a little further so that quite a lot of her pretty bum cheeks were exposed.

“It’s so nice without my soggy cossie around my tits. The sun and breeze on my back feels lovely!” Jenny said. I put sun lotion all over her neck, shoulders and back, loving the feeling of her soft skin under my hands. Judging by the purring noises she was making, she was enjoying it too. I put some sun lotion on myself too and lay down next to her.

After a half hour or so I said “Perhaps you should turn over so you don’t burn.”

“But I would have to pull my top up and I like it much better like this” she replied.

“I don’t want you to burn and no-one will notice if you just turn over, besides, you don’t want a silly white bit showing if you have a low top on or have your blouse a bit open” I said. “If someone is getting closer, you can just turn over.”

“You just want an excuse to massage sun lotion on my tits!” she giggled, turning over on her back.

“Of course!” I replied, sucking one nipple, then the other. I got the sun lotion and had a most erotic time massaging it into her wonderful tits.

“With the amount of lotion you’ve put on I think there’s no chance of my tits burning. Could you do the rest please?” Jenny asked with a smile.

I did the rest of her front, pulling her cossie down until I could just see the start of her pubic hairs, so that I could do her tummy and leave it exposed to tan. I could not resist sliding my hand over her pubic hairs to cup her labia. She swatted me “Naughty!”

When we started to get hungry, Jenny made herself decent and we walked back to the others to get some lunch.

“Where have you two been all morning?” Sue asked.

“Just half an hour up the beach” I said. “It’s almost deserted and we found a secluded spot in the dunes to sunbathe in private.”

“What! naked!” Dave exclaimed.

“Not quite!” Jenny replied with a cheeky grin.

We had our usual lunch, but we were all getting bored with hot dogs, so we resolved to find something different the next day.

In the afternoon, Jenny and I again walked up the beach to find our cosy love-nest. As usual, we talked, swam, sunbathed half-naked and snogged.

When it was time to go back to the guest house, we wandered down the beach, holding hands and swapping kisses.

“Can life get better than this?” I asked no-one in particular.

“Maybe!” Jenny replied with a very sexy grin, just before we reached the other two.

We went back to the guest house, showered and changed. As it was Bill and Maggie’s night off, we walked up to the town and found a little Chinese restaurant which we all liked the look of. When the waiter asked if we would like something to drink, we just asked for a large bottle of water. After we had agreed on a fixed menu for 4 people, the waiter took our order and asked it we would like any wine with our meal. I looked at the wine menu and pointed to a white wine. “Very good choice sir!” the waiter remarked with a smile and walked away.

“I didn’t know you were a wine buff, Jeff!” Dave remarked.

“I’m not! The name sounded French and it was the most expensive one on the list, so I thought it should be good” I explained.

The girls laughed.

Lots of little dishes soon arrived and we enjoyed sampling everything that we had ordered. The wine tasted good to me but what did I know? More food kept arriving but with the sea air and the exercise, we managed to eat most of it. We paid the bill and left a tip. On the way back Jenny said “That was my first ever Chinese meal, I really enjoyed it!”

“Mine too” said Sue.

“And mine, it was really good, pity we don’t have one near home” Dave added.

“Of course, I’ve had Chinese before!” I bragged, and then after a pause “but only once when my Aunt Jean took me out for my 14th birthday.”

“So you’re not the expert then” Sue laughed.

We soon arrived back at the guest house and went upstairs to brush our teeth and get ready for bed. It was interesting that now we had got used to living together, we were all much more relaxed, often wandering about between the bedrooms and bathroom in our underwear.

Jenny came into the boy’s bedroom in her little nightie. “Your turn for the double bed tonight Dave” she said.

Dave grinned and went off to the girl’s room. “Have a fun night!” he said.

“You too!” we both replied.

Jenny skipped over to me, grinning, and gave me a big kiss. “I can’t believe I’m going to sleep with my boyfriend! My Mum would have kittens!”

“Spending the whole night in bed with you will be awesome! I’m so lucky!” I replied.

We got onto my single bed and soon had our tops off, my chest rubbing against her nipples as we kissed passionately. She then surprised me. “Can I see your thing?” she asked with a shy smile.

It was already rock-hard and my cock was poking out through the fly of my pyjamas. Having my cock examined was going to be a bit embarrassing, but as I was hoping to get her naked, I could hardly refuse. I leaned onto my back and slid my pyjama bottoms off so that I was completely naked.

“Wow! It’s huge!” Jenny said, staring at it. “It’s a good job we’re not going to have sex, ‘cos it definitely wouldn’t fit!”

“I would have to get you really excited with foreplay first, then your pussy would get engorged and your vagina would dilate. Your juices would flow to lubricate it, so I could enter you without it hurting too much” I explained.

“Don’t talk like that!” Jenny gasped. “It makes me feel all hot and bothered! Anyway, where did you learn all that stuff?”

“I’ve been reading up on sex from books in the library” I admitted. “Do you know that in the last three days before your period, you can’t get pregnant?”

“No, but we’re not about to find out” Jenny replied. “Now, back to your thing, can I touch it?”

“Yes, but if you play with it, I won’t be able to stop myself from shooting off” I explained.

“I’d like to see that!” she said, grinning as she grabbed the sun lotion from the top of my bedside drawers. She poured a large quantity into the palm of her hand and grasped my cock, then started pumping her hand up and down. She watched excitedly and I was groaning continuously.

“I’m going to come Jenny!” I warned her, but too late. The first spurt shot up in the air and landed on my chest. She leaned over to take a better look at my spunk and before I could warn her, the second spurt hit her on the side of her face. Surprised, she turned back to look at my cock again, just as the third spurt hit her mouth. She was licking it off her lips when the final spurt landed in her hair. She was laughing the whole time. “That was amazing!” Jenny exclaimed, “and it doesn’t taste too bad either!”

I reached for some tissues and passed her the box to wipe herself. She also cleaned me up, which saved me from getting any on my hands. She lay back down next to me and I kissed her. “That was awesome! Thank you, but how did you know to use lotion?”

She blushed. “I may have done it a couple of times before” she admitted, but not with a naked boy!”

“I thought you were a good girl” I teased.

“I am. That was good, wasn’t it?”

“It was!” I agreed. “Now it’s my turn!”

“As you’re naked, I’d like to keep my knickers on, OK?”

“No!” I replied. “You got to examine my cock, so it’s only fair I get to look at your pussy. How about I put my underpants back on?”

She was obviously embarrassed at the idea of having her pussy on display and my rampant cock being too near it. She eventually agreed. “OK, but remember, I don’t want to go all the way.”

She lifted her bottom off the bed as I pulled her knickers off.

“Wow! You’re even more beautiful naked!” I enthused, admiring her shapely hips and slightly rounded tummy with her dark pubic hairs guarding the entrance to her pussy.

“You’re the first boy to see me totally naked” Jenny replied, whimpering.

I pulled her into a cuddle and just held her for a while. “I feel so privileged to be the first boy to see your beautiful body. I’ll cherish the image forever.”

After she had relaxed, I kissed down her tits and tummy until I reached her bushy pubic hairs. I grabbed a few hairs between my lips and pulled as she squealed. I positioned myself between her legs with my face just above her pussy and kissed it before using both thumbs to part her swollen labia. I had never seen inside a girl’s pussy before, so I was amazed at seeing her bright pink inner lips and the entrance to her forbidden depths. Further up, I could make out her little pee hole and then her clit hood, just as the books had indicated. I licked it, parting her lips further with my thumbs and continued licking until the little nubbin peaked out of it’s hood. She squealed. “Wow! That feels so sexy!”

I had found the key to the gates of heaven! I kissed it and licked some more as she moaned. Then, I sucked the whole of her clit and it’s hood into my mouth while still licking her clit with my tongue. She squealed again. “What are you doing to me!?”.

“Just making love to you, Jenny” I replied as I slowly pushed first one, then two fingers into her hot, wet tunnel and started thrusting them in and out. She opened her legs wider and held my head as I continued sucking her clit. It was not long before I could feel her first orgasm approaching. He whole body shook then she pushed her hips up into my face as her vagina spasmed and she screamed. I did not let her come down, but kept sucking and thrusting my fingers into her to prolong her orgasm. It seemed to be slowing down but then she took off again into the next one. This continued until she had another two orgasms and I decided not to overdo it this time.

I cuddled her but she was weeping softly. “Are you upset Jenny?”

“No! It was so wonderful! I’m just a bit emotional. I’ve never lost control of my whole body so completely before. You had total control over me and I wouldn’t have been able to stop you doing anything you wanted. It was almost frightening!” Jenny explained.

I held her tighter and she fell asleep in my arms. We woke up in the early hours, both needing to pee. Without thinking, we went to the bathroom together, still naked but no longer having any inhibitions. Jenny sat down and peed while I was waiting and we exchanged a mischievous grin. I then peed while she was looking and washing her hands.

We got back into bed, her curled up with her back to me, and me spooned around her, holding her protectively. “That’s so nice” she whispered dreamily, “I love you” as she dozed off back to sleep. I kissed her neck “I love you too” and fell asleep as well.


Chapter 6: Wednesday

I woke up first the next morning. We were still in the same position, spooned together with my hand on her left tit. Unfortunately, her head was still on my right arm, which had lost all feeling. When I wiggled it a bit she stirred and moaned softly as she slowly woke up.

“I wish I could wake up naked in your arms every morning” she said.

“When we get back, I’ll ask your Mum if I can move in with you” I replied.

She laughed. “That would be a good way to get you banned from ever entering our house again!”

“We’ll just have to enjoy waking up together for the next few mornings” I said.

We got out of bed and went to the bathroom, still naked, just as Dave and Sue were coming out in their nightwear.

“Not shy then?” Sue laughed.

Jenny blushed as Dave stood transfixed, ogling her with his mouth open.

“You’re catching flies again Dave!” Sue said, dragging him into their bedroom.

Jenny and I both used the toilet then enjoyed washing each other in the shower. We joined the others for breakfast.

Afterwards, as we walked down to the beach, Sue said “Do you mind having the double bed for the rest of the holiday, you two? Only Dave flails his arms around in his sleep and keeps waking me up, so after we’ve cuddled goodnight, I would prefer to sleep in one of the single beds.”

Jenny and I grinned at each other. “Jeff can move in with me as soon as we get back” Jenny said.

As soon as we got to the beach, we swam together and threw the ball around for a while.

“Can we walk along the beach with you and see what you find so interesting up there?” Dave asked.

“Of course” I replied, hoping this would not mean Jenny wanted to cover up more when she was sunbathing. We walked up the beach with our stuff and found our regular spot. Dave and Sue found another secluded spot a little way further.

Jenny was getting more adventurous, trying to get an all-over tan. Lying on her front she often had the whole of her bum exposed and when she lay on her back, she bunched her cossie so that it was even exposing a lot of her pubic hairs. Of course, I very much enjoyed making sure she had plenty of lotion, especially on her bum and tummy. I only had to cover her up with her blouse a couple of times, when other people got too close and might see.

We had fish and chips for lunch and fooled around on the beach all afternoon until it was time to return for showers and dinner. Sue moved all her stuff into the boy’s room and I moved mine in with Jenny. Afterwards, the girls changed into their minidresses and put a little bit of makeup on. We walked into town and went to the dancehall for teen night. They had a live band playing a lot of the current hits and we had a great night, except when a couple of older boys tried to get off with our girls. We walked back holding hands and were soon in our rooms.

As Jenny and I got into bed, she lay facing me and smiled, with a sort of quizzical look. “I’ve been thinking...”

“Dangerous!” I replied and got a thump for my sarcasm.

“As I was saying, before I got so rudely interrupted” Jenny continued, “the way things are going between us, I think it’s likely that we’ll be going all the way sometime soon.”

“We are getting pretty close, but don’t feel you have to if you’re not ready” I replied.

“Well, I really want to and I want you to be my first. It would be fantastic if you were my last too, but that’s too far in the future to worry about right now. Anyway, I was thinking that if we decided to go all the way in a couple of months time, we probably wouldn’t get long in private and it’s unlikely we would be able to spend the night together. So this week would be perfect!”

“Wow! Really!” I exclaimed.

“Yes. Really!” she beamed.

I grabbed her and pulled her into a deep kiss, breaking it to say. “I love you!”

“I know you do, otherwise I wouldn’t dream of suggesting it and you know I love you too!” Jenny replied.

We were both naked in seconds and she quickly scooted down to grab my already erect cock. She looked up to me with a wicked grin and then surprised me by tentatively licking the head of my cock. I gasped and my cock twitched, causing her to laugh. She licked all around the head and the rim before sliding the whole head into her mouth. She held the rim between her lips while still licking the head. When she started simultaneously sucking up and down and thrusting the shaft in time, I gasped again, thinking that maybe I did believe in heaven. Her movements became faster and faster until I could hold out no longer and shot my first load into the back of her mouth, shouting “Jenny!”

She swallowed all the first and second spurts, but then coughed, causing the next two loads to ooze out of her mouth. She giggled and wiped her mouth on the back of her hand, before licking the spunk from around my cock.

“How was my first blowjob, apart from being a bit messy?” she laughed.

“Amazing! How did you know what to do if it was your first time?”

“I guess I’m just a natural cock-sucker. I loved it!” Jenny enthused. “Now it’s your turn. Suck my clit and make me come!”

And I did. After her third orgasm, my cock was again fully erect. I grabbed a condom, took it out of the packaging and rolled it on. I slid up her glistening body, fondling her tits and sucking her nipples on the way. When my cock touched her pussy, between her swollen labia, her eyes went wide and a big smile spread across her pretty face.

“Are you sure?” I asked, suddenly aware of my lack of experience and the responsibility I had to make her first time amazing.

“Absolutely! Please make love to me!” Jenny begged.

Trying to remember all the things I had read in the books, I reached down and held my cock, then rubbed it up and down her wet slit to increase the lubrication with her copious juices which were flowing freely from her vagina. I found her little hole with my cock and pushed the head into her tight little tunnel. She squealed and I hesitated for a moment, concerned that I might have hurt her.

“Are you OK Jenny?” I asked.

“Yep! It just stung for a second, but having you inside me is starting to feel nice now.”

“That’s only the head, can I push the rest in?” I asked.

“Wow! Yes please!” Jenny replied enthusiastically. “Just take it slowly.”

So I slid my cock slowly into her tight, hot little tunnel until my pubis was squashing her clit. She gasped and I held it there, enjoying the feeling of my cock inside a girl for the first time.

“OK?” I asked.

“Yep! Just getting used to my body being invaded” she replied.”It feels really good now.”

She squeezed her vagina muscles around my cock and giggled. Taking this as a hint to carry on, I withdrew it until just the head was inside her. She whimpered but moaned when I thrust it back in slowly. I withdrew again and thrust it back in a little faster and more firmly, rubbing my pubis against her clit as I pushed deep inside her. We kissed, looked into each other’s smiling eyes and both said “I love you”. The next time I thrust into her, she raised her hips to meet me and we were soon fucking wildly.

Her first orgasm arrived with little warning. She gasped loudly as her body shook. She thrust her hips hard up to meet me and her vagina spasmed around my cock. I thrust hard into her and came a second after her, three spurts shooting up from my cock. As we came down from our high, I collapsed onto my side, pulling her with me and kissed her. I held onto the condom as I withdrew my cock and wrapped it in some toilet paper I had left conveniently on the bedside drawers.

She leaned over and kissed me. “That was the most amazing thing that happened to me in my whole life. Thank you so much. I’m so lucky to have such an incredible lover for my first time. Virginity is definitely overrated!”

“Sounds like you enjoyed your first time as much as I did mine! You were so sexy.”

We lay there for ten minutes or so and then I felt her hand reaching for my cock and grasping it. It soon sprang to life again.

“Wow!” Jenny said. “Can we do it again?”

“It looks like we can” I replied, laughing, pinching her nipple and then reaching for another condom.

The second time was even better than the first and I managed to give her two more orgasms before I came. The third time was better still and she had three wild orgasms before I came. Exhausted, we both fell asleep, cuddled in our favourite spooning position.

We woke up during the night to go to the toilet, which we did together. Afterwards, Jenny patiently brought me to a full erection again with her mouth and then put a condom on. She then lay on her back, pulled me between her open legs and guided my cock into her waiting vagina. It took a long time for me to come and her orgasms seemed almost continuous.


Chapter 7: Thursday

The next morning, we were woken by a knock on the door.

“You’ll miss breakfast if you don’t hurry!” Sue shouted.

We thanked her and went straight to the bathroom together, had a quick shower and just made it to breakfast in time which was fortunate as we were both ravenous. While we were waiting for the cooked part of the breakfast to arrive, Sue look hard, first at Jenny and then at me.

“Jenny, why are you bright-eyed and even bubblier than normal, while Jeff is looking totally exhausted?” Sue asked with a big grin.

“And now you’re blushing a really bright shade of red, Jenny!” Dave added.

“Leave Jenny alone! Can’t she just be happy?” I asked.

Sue persisted “Jenny, was he good to you?”

Jenny just blurted out “If you must know, he was wonderful. As I told him, it was the most amazing thing that has happened to me in my whole life! Virginity is so overrated!”

“That’s what I keep trying to convince Sue!” Dave said.

“I know that Jenny will give Sue a blow-by-blow account, but please don’t tell anyone else, either of you” I asked.

“Of course we won’t, but I might wink at Jenny occasionally to get her to blush like that again!” Dave promised.

“You’re horrible!” Jenny replied, laughing.

After breakfast, we went down to the beach as usual and walked up to our usual secluded spots in the dunes. When we were alone, I asked Jenny “why don’t you just take off your cossie when you’re sunbathing?”

“Wow!” Jenny replied. “Promise to cover me up if anyone comes close enough to see?”

“I promise” I said. “I don’t want anyone looking at your sexy body but me!”

She grinned and took off her bathing costume, so that she was sunbathing, completely nude.

“You’re so beautiful!” I exclaimed.

“I’m not! You just like to ogle me naked!” Jenny replied.

“You are! But I do!” I said, laughing.

I was enjoying rubbing sun lotion on her back and firm bottom, so I was not going to argue. After half an hour or so she turned over and I rubbed sun lotion on her tits, tummy and legs. After another half hour, I shouted “Time!” To stop her getting sunburnt and Jenny reluctantly got up, put on her cossie and we went for a swim. Sue saw us and they both joined us in the sea. Afterwards we walked back down the beach and got fish and chips for lunch.

As we went back to the beach, a photographer came up to us. “Can I take your photo?” he asked. When he promised to have the prints ready for the next day, we agreed and he took a photo of us all walking down the beach, holding hands together and laughing. We asked him to print four copies of the photo.

We swam and sunbathed some more in the afternoon until it was time to go back for dinner. After dinner I wandered into town with Jenny, the other two agreed to meet us outside the cinema when the film started at 8. We walked through the funfair as it was on the way and Jenny noticed a ‘Lucky Dip’ where you put in a coin and had a minute to use the remote arms to pick up a prize.

“Get me the ring!” she laughed.

I manoeuvred the arms and managed to pick up a small plastic bag containing the ring she wanted. It was a good imitation of an engagement ring, the tinted glass ‘diamond’ looking almost real.

“I’ll wear it when we get back home to wind our parents up!” she laughed.

“I would like to buy you a ring though” I said. “It’s a bit early for an engagement ring but is there such a thing as a lover’s ring?”

“I’d really like that!” Jenny exclaimed, “but whatever you do, don’t call it a lover’s ring when my parents are around!”

We found a jeweller just along the road and walked in. We explained to the young assistant what we wanted and she found the perfect little ring which fitted Jenny’s ring finger. It looked just like a wedding ring at first sight, but it was made of pewter rather than gold. We grinned at each other and I bought it, leaving me with little spare cash for the next couple of days.

We found a chemist, just along the main road as Jenny said she needed some girl stuff. I stood back while she explained to the young male assistant what she wanted. “So, your vagina is a bit sore?” he asked.

“Yes” Jenny replied, blushing bright red.

“I have just the thing and your boyfriend can also use it if his penis is sore too” the assistant said, rather too loudly.

Jenny quickly bought the ointment and we rushed out of the shop, laughing.

We met up with Dave and Sue outside the cinema and went in to watch Cliff Richard in the musical ‘Summer Holiday’, about a group of teenagers driving a red London bus to Greece. Dave and I wanted to sit on the back row so that we could snog the girls but they wanted to sit halfway back in the middle to get the best view. I surprised myself by enjoying it. OK, it was a bit corny, but his backing band, the Shadows were good and Cliff’s love interest, Lauri Peters was really cute. When the film finished, we walked back to the guest house.

“Can we go to Greece next year?” Jenny asked.

“Better start saving up” Dave replied.

Jenny and I went into the bathroom to brush our teeth, then went into ‘our’ bedroom, hardly believing that we were going to spend another night sleeping together. I took my clothes off ready for bed, but Jenny just stripped down to her knickers and put her nightie on, before getting into bed with me.

We kissed and I said “Why did you put your nightie and knickers on?”

“Because it feels so sexy when you take them off!” Jenny replied, grinning.

I kissed her and teased her by fondling her tits through her nightie and playing with her pussy through her wet knickers, getting her really aroused. She reached for my cock and moved down to suck it. As she had said the night before, she was a natural cock-sucker and it was not long before I shot my first load of the night into the back of her mouth. She had no trouble swallowing it and the next three spurts.

I knew she was expecting me to take her nightie and knickers off and suck her pussy, but I left them on. I pushed her nightie up to just below her tits and started making love to her tummy with my mouth. I kissed and licked all around it and she giggled as I pushed my tongue into her tummy button. I moved up to kiss her then got hold of either side of her knickers and she lifted her hips for me to take them off. I didn’t! Instead, I slipped the back off to reveal her bum and pulled the front down to her pussy, so that her bush of curly pubic hair was exposed. I traced my fingers down the crease between her thighs and her mons, then combed my fingers through her bush. I slid my fingers down, inside her knickers to grasp her labia. She gasped and pushed me over on my back to straddle me.

“I’m going to fuck you!” she shouted.

“Young ladies don’t fuck, they make love!” I replied, laughing.

“Well I’m going to fuck!” Jenny replied. “Just take my fucking knickers off and stop teasing!”

I did and she was immediately straddling me again. She checked my cock, presumably to see if it was hard enough. It definitely was, so she rolled a condom on and positioned herself with my cock at the entrance to her vagina. She impaled herself in one smooth push with a little squeal and then started fucking me as she had promised, slowly at first then faster as she rolled her clit against my pubis on every thrust.

I reached up to grab her tits under her nightie and as her first orgasm approached, I pinched her nipples to push her over the top into a screaming orgasm. I continued thrusting up into her and she soon resumed bouncing up and down on my cock. After a couple more orgasms, I could hang on no longer, so I shot my load with a satisfied cry.

She collapsed on top of me with my deflating cock still inside her.

“Thank you for fucking me, sexy girl” I said. “I love you!”

“You’d better!” Jenny replied. “I don’t fuck just anyone!”

As my cock slid out, I pushed Jenny gently onto her back.

“Oh shit!” I exclaimed.

“Whats up?” Jenny asked, concerned.

“I didn’t have a condom on!” I panicked.

Jenny giggled, reached down to her pussy and pulled the condom out of her vagina. She held it up, dangling it in front of my face, laughing.

For me, the thought that I could have got her pregnant was a major show-stopper. Jenny had to work hard with her mouth and hand to get me hard enough for her to put another condom on me. She impaled herself on my cock again and was soon fucking me wildly. After three more orgasms, I came with her. When I slipped out of her, I disposed of the condom and we cuddled up into our favourite spooning position.

“Can I take your nightie off, Jenny?” I asked.

“No! You teased me earlier, so it’s staying on!” she replied, laughing. However, we were both tired and were soon asleep


Chapter 8: Friday

Sue had to wake us up again in the morning so that we did not miss breakfast. We showered, dressed and went down to join them. After breakfast, we again walked up the beach to our favourite spot in the dunes. Without hesitation, Jenny stripped off completely and lay down on her towel on her front, wiggling her bum suggestively to get comfortable. I never tired of staring at her lovely bottom and she knew it, but after a while she got impatient. “Stop staring at my bum, you pervert and put some sun lotion on before I burn!”

“It’s not my fault you have such a sexy bum!” I replied.

“And while I really like you massaging it into my bum cheeks, don’t forget the rest!” she added.

When I had finished her back, I put lotion on myself. Since my ‘accident’, I had always put my own lotion on. I then lay down on my back to keep a lookout for my naked girlfriend. After an hour or so, Dave suddenly appeared through the high grass behind us, followed by Sue. Jenny was lying on her back and I immediately threw my t-shirt over her to cover her sexy bits.

“You might have come over via the beach!” Jenny shouted, “so we can see you before you get too close!”

“I don’t get to see your sexy naked body that way!” Dave replied with a big smile.

“Look the other way while I put my cossie on” Jenny instructed.

Dave reluctantly did and then we raced down to the sea for a swim. After another half-hour drying off in the sun, we walked back down the beach to get some lunch, returning afterwards to our favourite spot for a game of soccer, a swim and more sunbathing.

At the end of our last full day at the beach, we wandered back to the guest house and headed upstairs to shower and change. Jenny and I got into the bathroom first, stripped and were soon in the shower together, soaping each other’s sweaty bodied.

“I think I now have the cleanest tits, pussy and bum in the whole of Skegness!” Jenny laughed. “Can you do the other bits, please?”

I had to kneel down to wash her feet, but the shower cubicle was quite small, so I found my face almost next to her pussy. Of course, I did not waste the opportunity to lick between her labia, while washing between her toes. I had forgotten that she was so ticklish and she fell on top of me giggling, causing the door to fly open with foam and water splashing out and onto the bathroom floor. Jenny could not stop laughing, so I had to lift her up and close the door. We spent a while mopping up the bathroom floor with our swim towels, hoping they would be dry by morning. Sue and Dave were getting impatient knocking on the bathroom door, so we walked out, totally naked to finish off drying in our bedroom.

Jenny put on her sexiest fitted minidress, which showed a lot of cleavage and bare back. She also put on some makeup so that she could easily pass for 18. I put on slacks and a dress shirt, still looking like a 17-year-old. After dinner, we all walked into town, quite early to catch the photographer’s before they closed. We were all pleased with the photo. I still treasure my copy 50 years later.

We wandered down to the jazz club and the doorman recognised us. True to his word, he let us in for free and we soon found a table. Dave and I went up to the bar and ordered pints of bitter for ourselves and halves of cider for the girls. By the time we got back to the table, the band had started and both girls had been whisked away by a couple of older boys to dance. Dave and I sat down to enjoy our pints, but two girls started flirting with us and we were soon dancing with them.

“Don’t worry” the pretty blond girl I was dancing with grinned. “Your girl is dancing with my boyfriend. She’s so sexy and he’s trying to make me jealous!”

She seemed to think this was all good fun, so I joined in when the next slow dance started and grabbed her bum as she put her arms around my neck and we kissed. She pushed her hips into me, then laughed as the number ended and she pulled away. “Thanks for the dance” she said. “Ask me later if you want to wind up your girlfriend!”

I returned to our table where the girls were already sitting. Jenny looked a bit worried. “Did you enjoy snogging the sexy blond?” she asked.

“She’s super sexy but she can’t compete with you!” I replied.

“Right answer!” Jenny said, laughing.

We had a fun evening, swapping partners and dancing with our lovers. Towards the end of the evening, Jenny went up to the band and asked, apologetically, knowing it was not their usual style, if they could play the Drifters ‘Don’t forget who’s taking you home’ as the last tune. They laughed and agreed on condition that we sang with them. They played even better than the original and after the few drinks we had had, we thought our singing was at least as good, but probably because it was drowned out by everone else in the club joining in.

We left, saying goodnight to lots of the fun people we had met and wandered back towards the guest house.

“It was really hot in there and I was hoping for some cooling fresh air outside, but it’s not cooled down much this evening” Sue said.

“I’m really hot and sweaty” Dave said. “Should we go for a moonlight swim to cool off?”

“You’re on your own!” Sue replied.

Jenny and I looked at each other and grinned. When we got back, we went into our bedrooms and I put a couple of towels into a bag and slipped in a packet of condoms, just in case. When the others were quiet and we could hear Dave snoring, we sneaked downstairs and out of the front door, being very careful to close it quietly. We were soon on the beach and walking up to our favourite spot, holding hands. As we got further from the town, the beach was deserted with the moonlight sparkling on the water.

“It’s so romantic, Jeff” Jenny said dreamily.

“It’s such a pity it’s our last night” I replied.

“You said I couldn’t get pregnant during the three days before my period” Jenny said, tentatively. “Well, my period is due on Sunday, so, if you’re sure, we don’t need condoms tonight. I want your naked cock to shoot it’s stuff right up into my body.”

I dropped the bag of towels in the sand and we kissed and snogged for a few minutes. I then grabbed the hem of her minidress and she raised her hands as I slid it up and off. She took my shirt and slacks off and then, without any hesitation, pulled my underpants down to my ankles for me to step out of. I slid her knickers off too and both totally naked, we ran holding hands, across the sand and into the sea.

We dived into the small waves, swam around for a while, then surfaced, holding both of each other’s hands and grinning at each other. We kissed and soon had our arms around each other, enjoying the feeling of our wet naked bodied sliding together. Jenny put her arms around my neck and jumped up to put her legs around my waist. My throbbing, erect cock was just above her pussy, so when she slipped down a little, my cock slid straight up into her cunt. It felt amazing, even hotter than usual.

She gasped and started bouncing up and down on my cock. It was not long before a larger than usual wave knocked us over. I slid out of her and we swam to the shore, laughing. We resumed our kissing with the small waves lapping around our ankles. My cock was rubbing against her tummy, so I grabbed both bum cheeks, lifted her and lowered her onto my hard cock as she gasped. She put her legs back around me and we were soon fucking wildly.

“Can we make love lying on the sand?” she asked.

I walked her awkwardly up the beach to the soft, dry sand and lay her down, my cock still embedded in her cunt. I was soon ramming my cock into her as she moaned and squealed. I knew I was about to lose it, but fortunately Jenny’s orgasm was building too. She screamed as I thrust in hard, my spunk shooting up my cock and right into her spasming cunt. She shouted louder as the second, third and fourth spurts hit her cervix. We were both panting hard and it took some time to recover.

Eventually, Jenny said “That was amazing! I could feel your stuff shooting right up inside me.”

“I could feel your cunt rippling around my cock, it was truly amazing!” I agreed.

Soon we were both getting cold, so we quickly ran back into the sea to rinse off the sand, before running back up the beach. I grabbed a towel to put around her, then one for myself. We were both now shivering, so rubbed each other down and quickly put our clothes back on. We ran back along the beach to warm up, laughing all the way.

When we arrived back at the guest house, we very quietly crept inside only for Sue to startle us as she came out of the bathroom.

“Where have you two been?” she asked, surprised.

“Just for a little romantic stroll along the beach in the moonlight” Jenny replied, grinning.

“Your swimmers are still hanging up in the bathroom and your hair is wet!” Sue exclaimed. “Have you been midnight swimming, naked?”

We both blushed a bright shade of red and Sue just said “Wow!” before going back into her bedroom. We went into our room, draped our wet towels over a couple of chairs, stripped and got into bed.

“Make love to me all night, Jeff” Jenny asked sexily, “and shoot as much of your hot spunk into my cunt as you can.”

I certainly tried my best, giving her numerous orgasms and shooting inside her until my balls were totally drained. We both fell asleep some time in the early hours, wrapped in each other’s arms and totally exhausted.


Chapter 9: Saturday

When Sue woke us for breakfast the next morning, Jenny noticed my morning woody and insisted on riding it, before we got up to shower, not that I complained.

After breakfast, we all went down to the beach for our last swim and some sunbathing. We grabbed a bite to eat, then returned to the guest house to pack. As we were leaving, Bill and Maggie were there to see them off. We all thanked them for an unforgettable week and promised to return the next summer.

“It’s been a pleasure to have you four well-behaved teen staying” Maggie said.

“Say hello to your parents for us” Bill added.

We walked to the coach station and arrived in plenty of time. Our coach was already there, so we got on board and took over the seat along the back of the coach. Jenny and I slept most of the way home, sprawled around each other.

When we arrived, just after 8 o’clock, our parents were there to meet us.

“You’ve all got nice tans, did you enjoy your week?” Jenny’s Mum asked.

“It was the best week of my life!” Jenny exclaimed, showing her Mum the fake engagement ring on her finger.

Her Mum gasped but mine look at me with a disapproving glare. I couldn’t help laughing as Jenny explained it wasn’t real. Jenny’s Mum looked disappointed but mine looked relieved. My Dad thought it was hilarious.

When it came to saying goodbye, Jenny was in tears and we held each other, kissing passionately.

“Thank you for the most amazing holiday” I whispered.

“Thank you for making my first time so wonderful!” Jenny whispered back.

The End

