They've only got half a day to film with the Stratos, so once they get through the boring routine stuff Jeremy suggests they dive right into their usual game of trying to find the most ridiculous thing to say about the car.

Jeremy says, "It's tiny! A gynecologist would get in here and just go, 'god, I'm at work!'"

Richard snickers. "It's like climbing into a giant..." He sputters, groping for a suitably outrageous metaphor, and then says the first thing that pops into his head. "...somebody else's giant red posing pouch."

The moment he says it, he curses himself. Shit, why did I say that?! Thinking about James too bloody much again. He's always thinking too much about James, and a lot of the time it's about that stupid pouch.

When he'd seen James in it, on that stupid wine show, he hadn't been able to keep himself from gasping. Because just the thought of it, of nothing but thin paper between cold air and the hot bulge of James' cock, well, just the thought had been more than enough to get Richard hard, instantly.

He'd thought about it for days, and then weeks, and then months. And then finally one night he'd been drunk, sprawled in a chair at James' kitchen table, and he'd brought it up.

"What was it like?" he'd asked.

"Surprisingly comfortable," James had said, and then with a dark look in his eye he'd taken Richard's trembling hand, and unzipped his jeans, and showed him.

They hadn't made it to the bedroom.

It had been the start of two years of glorious shagging, and stroking, and sucking, and knowing that sometimes under his jeans James was wearing nothing but the pouch (a cloth one, rather than the flimsy paper thing he'd worn for the wine show), and then shagging again, anywhere they could get their hands on each other, so long as Jeremy wasn't around.

They'd kept it secret at first in mutual understanding, and then later, when Richard had suggested they might say something, James had gone quiet, and said, "I'd rather not, if you don't mind." Richard hadn't understood, not really, but he hadn't wanted to push it, and he'd managed to keep the secret without any problems so far.

Right up until I opened my fat mouth, Richard thinks. 'Like being inside a giant red posing pouch'?! Could I have been any more obvious?

All of this goes through his head in a fraction of a second, and he cringes, anticipating the massive load of harassment he's about to get hit with.

Except Jeremy doesn't seem to have noticed that he's said anything strange at all. Instead he just shoots back, "James May's!" like they're on the exact same wavelength, sharing a great joke. Which, once he's stopped panicking, Richard supposes they are.

Then he thinks, Hang on a minute!

Jeremy stops laughing abruptly. They lurch into a weird awkward silence for a second, and then Jeremy starts up again, blithering about something completely unrelated. Richard makes little humming noises of agreement, but his mind is somewhere else entirely.

Does that mean he's thought about it as much as I have? He wonders. No, can't be. I mean, it was the perfect setup line. He had to go there. But there's something about the way Jeremy's eyes are flicking over to him every few seconds that makes all the hair on the back of Richard's neck stand on end.

"Are you even listening to me, or are you doing your fascinating impression of a mime riding in a car?" Jeremy says, and Richard drags his attention back to the Stratos with some difficulty.

The thought stays in the back of his mind all the rest of the afternoon. It doesn't help that Jeremy keeps touching Richard's leg every time he changes gear – Richard makes a big joke of it for the camera, mainly to hide how much it's affecting him.

When he was stroking James' leg in the Panda, was this what James felt like? he wonders. The idea of Jeremy stroking James' leg is pleasure-pain, all tangled up together in his head.

Then the Stratos breaks down, which Richard thinks is just bloody typical. They film a bit sitting by the side of the road, waiting for the mechanic to arrive, and then the crew get bored of that and go off to sit in the chase van and play cards. Jeremy and Richard sit on the stone wall, enjoying the sun and the cool afternoon breeze.

"What do you think James would say if he knew we were driving around in his giant red posing pouch all day?" Richard asks abruptly. He doesn't know what makes him say it, except that he's antsy, and tired of thinking. He wants something to happen, anything, even if it's a fight, even if it ends with Jeremy knowing too much.

Jeremy laughs. "He'd probably want to know if it was 'surprisingly comfortable,'" he says.

All the blood drains from Richard's face and he turns, pointing an accusing finger at Jeremy, who looks at him with wide eyes.

"You've been up close and personal with his posing pouch, haven't you?!" Richard asks. Jeremy makes a strangled, squeaking noise.

"No!" he says, not at all convincingly. "No. What, er. What makes you think something weird like that, Hammond?"

Richard gives a bitter laugh, dropping his hand. "Because I have. And he used that line on me, too."

They stare at each other for a long moment.

"Bloody hell," says Jeremy.

"Yeah," Richard says, kicking a rock.

They sit in silence for a long moment. "How long?" Jeremy asks finally. He looks perturbed.

"Almost two years," Richard says quietly. "You?" He crosses his arms over his chest.

"The same. After that wine show..."

"Yeah." He sighs. "Fuck it. Why didn't he say? I mean we weren't, you know. We didn't make each other any promises." He can't decide if he's upset or angry – maybe some of both. Maybe a lot of both.

Jeremy nods. "Same."

"So why be a cock about it?" Richard growls. "I would have understood."

"Maybe he had his reasons," Jeremy offers, and Richard is surprised – he'd thought Jeremy would be as upset as he is, would be just as quick to anger and slow to forgive.

"Probably stupid ones," he says, and Jeremy laughs, but doesn't argue. "So what are we going to do, then?" Richard asks.

"I know what we ought to do," Jeremy says.

"And what's that?" Richard snaps, still seething. Jeremy looks at him shiftily.

"Er. You... and him... and me?" He leans down and draws a triangular shape in the dirt. It takes Richard a long moment of staring at it to figure out what Jeremy's trying to say.

"Oh," he says. "Oh. Erm."

"Unless you're completely repulsed by the idea," Jeremy says quickly, now looking very firmly at his feet. "In which case we can pretend this conversation never happened."

Richard feels hot all over. "Actually, no. Not at all." He knows his face must be bright red. "I've kind've, erm... thought about it a lot." Thought about it, and didn't dare suggest it. He flicks his eyes over, and catches Jeremy's hopeful glance. "A lot."

"Yes, well, me too, obviously," Jeremy says, and then Richard has to laugh. Something in him lightens, and he realizes just how worried he'd been that this would tear them apart. It's part of why he'd been ambivalent about telling Jeremy in the first place – part of him hadn't wanted to keep secrets, because he'd been afraid that it would ruin their friendship, but part of him hadn't wanted to tell, because he'd been afraid that that would ruin their friendship. So maybe he can see why James had done what he'd done. Maybe.

"He'll have to make it up to us first, of course," Jeremy says. Richard stops kicking his feet in the grass and looks over, and when he catches Jeremy's eye they both grin.

"Oh, yeah," Richard says.

About then the mechanic shows up, and spends no more than ten minutes poking at the Stratos before it's running again. Jeremy does a little dance of happiness, and Richard allows himself the luxury of ogling his arse briefly before they climb back in.

They only have about another half-hour's worth to shoot, and it goes smoothly now. Jeremy's gear changes involve more and more voluminous knee-stroking, but this time as he protests, Richard has a hard time hiding his grin.

"Stop touching my knee!"

"You try changing gear," Jeremy says.

"You grabbed hold of my knee!"

"You've got to! I'm going to change gear now; this will involve man-touching," Jeremy says. This time he drags the back of his fingers all the way up the outside of Richard's thigh, prompting him to stifle a shiver.

By the time they get back to the hotel he's worked up, in a good way, but then thinking about seeing James just makes him angry all over again. Jeremy spends the elevator ride up to the fourth floor murmuring his plans into Richard's ear, making his blood pump thick in his veins. They go down the hall and knock.

Richard doesn't know what James is expecting when he opens the door, but it's obviously not both of them, standing shoulder to shoulder and giving him level, slightly-menacing looks.

"Ah," James says, and holds open the door to let them both in. His mouth twists up at one side, amused, and though normally Richard would find himself wanting to reach up and kiss it, right now he kind of wants to punch James right in his smug fucking face.

He doesn't trust himself to speak, and Jeremy waits until the door shuts behind him before he opens his mouth.

"Hammond and I had an enlightening little chat this afternoon." He leans against the wall, looking casual and unruffled and, now that Richard can allow himself to think it, quite sexy. "About your very predictable pick-up lines. Imagine how disappointing to find we'd both got the same one."

"Ah," James says again, and the smirk falls from his face. He lifts his hand up, and rubs it over the bridge of his nose. "Fuck," he says. "I-- I'm sorry. Both of you."

"Why, James?" Richard says, knowing he sounds plaintive and hating himself for it, but not able to keep the emotion out of his voice. "I knew this wasn't... wasn't exclusive, so why didn't you just say?"

James lets out a puff of breath, and drags his hair back from his face, eyes flicking from Richard to Jeremy and back. "At first it was because I thought you'd break it off, tell me I was a greedy bastard for wanting the both of you. And I didn't know if things would be... weird. And then eventually it was too late, and I knew if I said something it'd come out like this, so I just didn't."

"Hmm," Jeremy says, his tone completely neutral, and Richard's eyes go to him. He can see James' body tense, waiting for the bollocking he must know he richly deserves. "Hmm," Jeremy says again, but this time it's different, and suddenly Richard isn't angry anymore, all of it flowing out of him like water, giving way easily beneath the weight of anticipation and arousal.

Fuck, yes. 

"We've decided you have to make it up to us," Jeremy says. He takes off his coat with one quick motion, and drapes it over the back of a chair.

"How?" says James simply.

Jeremy regards him for another moment. "Take off your clothes."

James' hands go to the buttons of his shirt, quickly slipping them through their holes so he can spread the shirt open. Richard wonders if this is a game James and Jeremy have played before, then makes himself stop wondering. It's not about competition, not tonight. Or if it is, James is the only one competing. James pulls the shirt off over his shoulders and gives the two of them a quick glance before he obviously decides he has enough lee-way to be allowed to fold it and set it carefully on a chair. Then his hands go to his belt, to the zipper of his jeans, and then he's stepping out of them, the long lean line of his legs and the lush curve of his arse emphasized as he bends just slightly to pick them up. Richard can see everything, because James isn't wearing boxers, just that damned pouch, cupped snugly around the mound of his cock.

Richard's hands clench into fists. Before James can take off the pouch Jeremy says, "Leave that," his voice low but commanding, and James straightens up, drops his arms to his sides and just waits, letting both of them look him over. His face is hard and blank, and it breaks Richard's heart to see him like that. It's almost enough to break his resolve, too, to make him forget all about Jeremy's plans and go to James, take James in his arms and kiss him, and tell him he's forgiven.

Then Jeremy says, "On your knees," and James goes down onto his haunches on the floor at the end of the bed. Jeremy turns to Richard, beckons, and Richard goes, lets Jeremy draw him onto the covers and bring their mouths together.

They haven't kissed before, not until now, and Richard finds his mouth opening up beneath Jeremy's, desperate, grasping, like a plant aching for the sun. Jeremy's kiss isn't like James' – it's demanding, and hard. James persuades, and Jeremy takes, and Richard wants to be taken, wants to give himself up to the touch. Jeremy's tongue is hot and forceful as it fucks into his mouth. He can hear James gasp when they come together, and it's pleasure-pain again, not knowing what James is thinking, if he's horrified or jealous or turned-on. Jeremy bites at his jaw, his ear, and murmurs, "Don't think about him right now. Think about me."

"Jez," Richard says, almost a moan. Jeremy's hand is on the back of his neck, and his other hand shoves Richard's jacket off his shoulders, pulls at the buttons of Richard's shirt. Richard helps him, shrugs the shirt off and then goes for Jeremy's buttons, letting his fingers stroke across the skin as he reveals it. Jeremy is big, and hairy, and fuck that's a turn-on for Richard, and he rubs the palms of his hands over Jeremy's chest eagerly. Jeremy's free hand goes to Richard's cock, cups it through his jeans, pressing the zipper against the length of him. "Jesus," Richard says, and Jeremy laughs, his chuckle sending a hot puff of air against Richard's neck.

They get up off the bed long enough to get their trousers and pants off, and then Richard stops, mesmerized by the thick, hard length of Jeremy's cock standing out from the dark curls at his groin. Jeremy seems equally entranced by what he sees, and they just stare at each other for a long moment before Richard says, "Oh, god," and reaches for Jeremy. They topple back onto the bed, Richard straddling Jeremy's thighs and Jeremy's big hands on his hips, helping him find the rhythm to rub their cocks together until they're both panting and shuddering with sensation. Jeremy kisses him again, no less demanding for being achingly sweet, and Richard can't think what he wants most, whether it's his mouth on Jeremy's cock or Jeremy's mouth on his or Jeremy fucking him or--

On second thought, that last idea seems to be the best one.

"Fuck me," he says, and Jeremy shudders beneath him.

"Yeah?"

"Yes," Richard hisses, grinding down, and then Jeremy rolls, reversing their position until Richard is trapped beneath him against the sweaty sheets. Jeremy bites at his neck, vicious and so fucking good, and then he rolls away off the bed, reaching for James' bag and unzipping the pocket where the condoms and the lube are always kept.

It's enough to remind Richard that James is there, and he twists his head to look down at the bottom of the bed, then sucks in a breath. James is hard, so hard it must be painful, his cock straining against the cloth of the pouch, a little wet spot where the tip is dripping precome into the fabric. But he hasn't moved, he's kept his hands on his thighs, and he doesn't seem to notice or care that his fingers are digging into the skin so hard they've gone white. All that makes Richard flick his eyes up, past the soft belly he knows so well and the brown nipples standing out from flushed skin, all the way up to James' face, and he sucks in a breath at what he sees there – desire, need, so intense that he doesn't understand how James doesn't break with the force of it.

"James," he says, low and shocked, and he starts to get up, but James shakes his head, hard.

"No," he says hoarsely. "I deserve this. And so do you. Rich-- Jez--" Richard looks over, and sees that Jeremy has turned from the bag, lube and condoms in hand, and is looking at James with an expression that in anyone else Richard would call indifference. Except this is Jeremy, and he knows better. "You deserve each other," James chokes out.

The mask of Jeremy's face breaks and he starts to laugh, and then Richard's laughing, too, because it's so like James to say exactly the wrong thing, when he's trying to say something important.

"Yeah, we do," Jeremy says, when he can stop laughing enough to speak. He steps over to James and sets one hand on his hair, gently, and then strokes down his cheek before pulling away and turning back to the bed. "Still want me?" He asks Richard.

"Hurry up and fuck me," Richard says, grinning. Jeremy crawls across the bed, manhandles Richard up onto his knees and turns him to one side.

"Giving him a good view," Jeremy murmurs into his ear, and then his hand spreads Richard's legs apart, and his fingers press slickly into Richard's hole. Richard groans and presses back against them, feeling the burn and stretch that are always somehow unexpected and yet always so good.

"Please," he says, "more, please, Jeremy," and Jeremy pushes his fingers deeper, finding Richard's prostate and rubbing across it, making him twitch at the sudden shock of pleasure. "Ah, Jesus, please," Richard says, and Jeremy works a third finger in, hitting that spot again, and then again, and Richard's cock drips precome onto the sheets as he dips his head.

"Ready?" Jeremy asks, and Richard nods furiously. Jeremy pulls his fingers out, and there's a moment where Richard feels so fucking empty. He turns his head to look at James, who's still hard and still a bit broken looking and still so fucking beautiful as he holds himself there on the floor. There's the crinkle sound of the condom packet, and then Jeremy's cock is pressing at Richard's entrance.

"Wait," Richard says suddenly, and he turns, shoving at Jeremy until they're facing the end of the bed, so that Richard can look in James' eyes as Jeremy fucks him. Jeremy hums in approval.

"Do it," Richard says over his shoulder, and Jeremy's arm comes around his chest to brace them both as he slides inside. His cock is definitely in proportion to the rest of him, and even with preparation it's a stretch, but as much as Richard wants to close his eyes and just feel he doesn't, keeps them locked on James' face as Jeremy rocks his hips forward.

"Fuck, Richard," Jeremy says, "you're so-- so fucking gorgeous. I've wanted..."

"Yes," Richard says, moaning. "Yes, I've wanted you, too. Wanted you wrapped around me like this, wanted you splitting me open. Jeremy, god..."

Jeremy slides back and then slams into him, and it shakes Richard all the way down to his bones. "Yeah," he says, "fuck, harder, c'mon," Jeremy fucks him hard, fast, until there's adrenalin pumping into Richard's veins with every inward thrust, until his cock is throbbing and slapping against his belly. James stares at them both like he's a starving man and they're a feast, and Richard thinks he'll never be able to get enough of this, not of Jeremy's big, hot hands, and mouth nipping at his neck, and cock inside him, not of James' burning gaze, and the sweat beading on his chest, and the corded muscles in his neck as he strains to stay where he is.

Then Jeremy's hand slides down Richard's chest to wrap around his cock, and after two strokes it's too much, and Richard comes, biting down on his lip to stifle a scream as he shudders and clenches down on Jeremy's cock. A moment later Jeremy collapses against his back, equally spent, breathing hard, and Richard tips them to the side before he collapses.

They lie together, Jeremy's face in Richard's hair, Richard's hand stroking idly over the curve of Jeremy's knee, until finally Jeremy sighs and pulls back, letting his softening cock slip free. Richard looks up and meets James' eyes.

"Come here," he says. James gets to his feet, unsteady, and staggers to the edge of the bed. Richard pulls him down between them, runs his hands over James' shoulders and the shivering muscles of his arms. He can feel Jeremy doing the same to James' legs, soothing him with touch, getting him excited again but in the right ways, the ways they've each found these past few years. They're the perfect tag team now, working together to get James where they need him to be, and Richard hadn't dared hope it would be like this. There are so many things he can teach Jeremy, so many things Jeremy can teach him in return, but right now they don't need that, just need James, and each other.

James moans, low in his throat like he can't control it. His eyes are closed, lashes sweeping dark across his cheeks, and a flush burns all across his neck and down over his chest and belly. Jeremy's hands go to James' waist and pull the pouch away down his legs, exposing the long, thick curve of James' cock. Richard licks his lips, and then nuzzles into James' neck, biting at the spot under his jaw that drives him absolutely wild.

When he looks down again, Jeremy is smirking. He raises an eyebrow, and Richard can read it easily – 'D'you mind if I...?'

He tips his head in return – 'Go right ahead.' Jeremy scoots down the bed and sinks his mouth down on James' cock. Richard kisses James at the same moment, times it so that James' sweet gasp of pleasure echoes into his mouth. He sucks on James' tongue, not yet able to match whatever Jeremy's doing but knowing that James is so worked up it won't matter. Certainly it doesn't take long before James is whimpering and shaking and coming, hard, Richard and Jeremy together driving him over the edge.

They hold him afterwards, soothing again, reassuring, and touching each other, too. Richard curls a hand over the nape of Jeremy's neck, and Jeremy presses a line of kisses down one of Richard's shins. James lies dazedly between them, watching them with tired eyes, still looking a little bewildered as if he can't quite believe his luck.

"Be greedy," Richard hears Jeremy murmur into James' ear. "I sure as hell am."

Richard snorts a little, grinning. "Me, too."

Between the two of them they pull the covers free, dragging the blankets up over each other and James, who has nearly stopped trembling. Jeremy shoves pillows around, and then arranges three sets of limbs together like some sort of interlocking jigsaw puzzle, so they can all sleep touching each other.

"Comfortable?" he asks.

"Surprisingly," Richard says, and Jeremy smacks him on the back of the head, but gently.