
On Thursday, December 05, 2013 at 9:35 PM, distantmemories@hushmail.com wrote:

    WARNING!
    This text file contains sexually explicit material.
    If you do not wish to read this type of literature,
    or you are under age,PLEASE CLOSE THIS FILE NOW!!!!



    Author: Obedientboy
    Title:

    Keywords: ( submission,humiliationn ,interracial , forced drugs, ).

    This story may NOT be published on sites other than ASSTR without the
    author's explicit permission; payment will be required for commercial
    use.

    Comments appreciated; send all feedback to dreamweaver57@hushmail.com


    -----------------------------------
    Do not read or download this material if it violates any laws pertaining to you
    or you location

     Proper negotiation and safewords
    are essential for safely acting out fantasies. Fantasies are
    fantasies, after all, because they omit the inconvenient or dangerous
    realities that exist in real situations.



Angel Submits to Star

Author obedientboy


Chapter 3




I moved in with Star and we were doing real good together . And after about six months we cut a deal with Al. He was getting a new crop of young girls and we wanted to do our own gig. He told us he would help us make the transition. Al was the best.

" Star do you mind if I fuck Al once in a while "

" You are such a slut Angel"

" I know but he is damn good "

" I bet Al would love it if we got him over here with both of us"

" You think he would "

" Hell yeah we could do something special and he always has a good stash "

" Surprise me Star. Don't tell me what's gonna happen "

" OK baby come give me a kiss"

" I love you mistress "

" What you need is a good training session so you learn to worship me. Tell me what you need "




*The Last Episode Revisited*

These sessions were so intense and I came really close to using the safe word. It happened about two week ago when I came home after stopping for a drink . Star was really high and as soon as I walked in the door she slapped me around. It took me by surprise because we usually set it up first

" God damn stupid fucking whore . Where have you been ? "

" I just stopped for a drink. Why are you so mad"

" Shut your fucking mouth and get undressed and when you do talk to me you address me properly"

" I'm sorry Mistress I -- "

She stopped me in mid sentence and slapped me hard
 
" Didn't I just tell you to shut the fuck up and get undressed "

" Yes mistress bu ---t "

" Another slap before I could finish "

I quickly undressed and knelt in front of her

" Don't move from that spot whore"

This isn't how things usually went and I was confused and a little nervous. I didn't know if she was really pissed off. I knelt there for about fifteen minutes before she returned . She still had her shorts and heels on but had taken off her top and as usual had no bra on. She knew how I worshiped her breast and always went topless when we were together even when she didn't want to play

She was carrying a piece of rope and a multi-stranded whip that was about a foot long and each strand was about an inch wide. She tied my hands behind my back a little too tight to be comfortable and pulled me up by the hair.

"You're going to get what you deserve you fucking bitch"
 
She walked around me dragging the whip across my body. My breathing became more rapid and I was beginning to get a little worried . She was behind when the whip came down across my ass, I cried out

" Shut your fucking mouth. If I hear another sound out of you I'll gag your dumb ass"

Another swat across my ass ass I squirmed in pain. She walked around in front of me and glared at me with the most evil look

She whipped me across the breasts and I screamed. She walked out of the room and returned with a ball gag . I started to say something and she shoved it into my mouth and strapped it on me too tight . Another swat across my breasts and I screamed a muffled scream

" Keep it up you stupid bitch and it's only going to get worse "

She left and came back with a dildo and a strapon . She laid the strapon on the table and started running the dildo between my legs . She watched me squirm and felt me getting wet

" The slut whore is always wet. Aren't you "

She started pushing the dildo in me and not gently. I could tell by her evil look that she was enjoying hurting me and it was making me hot

" You are little whore getting wet and squirming around and your eyes begging for a hard fuck"

She shoved the dildo deep in me and picked up the whip

" Lets just see if you dare disobey me again "

She whipped me across the breasts and I didn't make a sound but tears started rolling down my cheeks

" Don't try to pull that phony crying shit me with me whore "

It wasn't phony they were real tears and I was scared. I could tell she was working herself up. Getting more excited as she hurt me

She took her shorts off and took the cloth belt that was on them and wrapped it around my neck pulled it tight cutting off most of my air and whipped my breasts again then again and I let out muffled scream and began to really panic when I realized I couldn't stop her with a safe word because of the ball gag

"  Still disobeying me . Are you really that much of a stupid bitch that you can't follow the simplest orders for your mistress "

She left the room again and returned with a pack of cigarettes and a plastic bag and laid them on the table and stood real close to me with our nipples touching

"Is this what my slut needs "

She started slowly fucking me with the dildo and squeezing my nipples until cum started running down my legs .

" The filthy slut can't stop herself from cumming all down her legs without permission.We'll just see what we can do about that ".

She lit a cigarette and stood away from me and started playing with own nipples making them hard and erect

" Does my little slut want to suck these . Should I untie you and take you to bed and let you suck them, Huh. No I don't think so. Because your behaving like a spoiled bitch"

She walked close to me holding the cigarette close to her lips and took a drag and then held the cigarette very close to the underside of my breast. She started whispering in my ear and started fucking me with the dildo again

" Is my slut going to disobey me and cum again '
 
She kept working the dildo and I started cumming . She touched the underside of my breast with the cigarette as I came and I moaned , Then the other breast and I was crying harder and almost fell to my knees. I was shaking my head frantically trying to signal her that I had enough

" Oh my the little slut disobeyed me again and has more cum running down her leg. You must really be enjoying disobeying me the way it makes you cum so much. Let's see what we can do to make you obey"

she pulled her panties off and fastened the strap-on to herself. She bent me over the back of the sofa and whipped me across the ass then burnt me I was thrashing about furiously trying to stop her and she started fucking my ass pushing hard trying to hurt me. She reached around and twisted my nipples until the pain was unbearable. And even with the ball gag on I managed to scream pretty loud .
 
"Still being a brat after I told you not to cum and not to make a sound "

. I didn't see her grab the plastic bag but the next thing I knew she pulled the plastic bag over my head and started really fucking mt hard .The open side of the bag wasn't tight and I got just a little air The dildo was against the couch and she was driving it deep in me every time she pushed the strap-on deeper into my ass. I was dizzy and about to pass out when she pulled the plastic bag tight around my neck I was almost faint and. I came really hard . Then she took the plastic bag off. I could feel her cum running down her legs and mine as we both trembled and let our juices flow. I was completely disoriented and went completely limp breathing hard. she stayed in me and released the ball gag and I gasped the air into my lings in gulps . My heart was pumping hard and I soaked in sweat . She pulled her strapon out off me and helped me stand up and took the dildo out of me then untied me and helped into bed. I was still disoriented and trembling.
I could hear her filling the tub and she helped me into the bathroom and into the tub. She started washing me with a big soft sponge as she kissed my face

" You'll be alright baby try to relax". I started breathing normally and my heart rate slowed.

"Are you OK baby Is my slut gonna be OK"

She kept soothing me and comforting me and got in the tub with me hugging me and kissing me gently. I still hadn't said a word. It was like I wasn't' conscious She stood me up and dried me and guided to the bed. She put some aloe salve on the little red burn marks on the underside of my breasts . Se got me a drink of water and I drank some and passed out . When I woke I was in her arms with my face buried in her breasts with her nipple touching my lips. I instinctively started sucking her nipple and crying

" Oh baby, do you need to suck"

" Yes mommy"

" Oh my. Does my little girl need a mommy "

I hadn't realized I called her mommy and was embarrassed

" It's OK baby you just cry and suck mommy's nipples "

I sucked her nipples until I fell back asleep and didn't wake until morning when I smelled breakfast cooking.

She brought me breakfast in bed and I realized I was starving and ate like a pig . I took a shower and realized what had happened and began remembering how I had cum and cum and had the the most extreme orgasm . I checked my breast and they were just slightly red where the whip had struck me and there were two little red marks on the underside of my breasts. My ass was the worse, but not really that bad.

" Star, what the fuck happened last night "

" I went crazy Angel . I just wanted to do those things to you and I needed it so bad . Did I go too far"

" Well I thought so last night but I just love the way you control me , I'm just afraid that I'm such a pain slut that I'll let you snuff me. I thought I'd be scarred for life "
 
 " Oh baby I would never do that I swear "

"After I bathed you and you fell asleep I rubbed aloe all over you like a good mommy"

"It flashed into my mind and I turned red"
 
" Don't be embarrassed I loved you calling me mommy"










 















Sent using Hushmail


  







I