They corner Ruby in New York.

It’s her mistake to think they won’t come into the city, that the brief time she had Dean was enough to break him. Her mistake to think Sam wouldn’t have come on his own anyway, even if Dean wasn't strong enough to face her.

She’s wearing a child, and that’s another mistake.

Sam holds her down while Dean says the words—growls them, really, and Sam can hear Geri in his mate’s voice as well, two as one for this. He feels nothing but relief, and hope that this will undo what damage Ruby did in that warehouse.

Dean may not be broken, but there are guilty bruises in his eyes sometimes, when he thinks Sam isn’t looking. He’s worn raw and low. He needs this, and Sam needs this, and the cougar and Geri need it as well.

Sam can’t wait to sink his teeth into the bitch once she’s out in the open where he can get at her. Where he and Dean can end this.

Sam’s mistake is thinking that’s his mate’s plan as well.

The moment Ruby’s true form howls forth from the little girl’s lips, Dean bounds forward and gets a hand around what would be insubstantial smoke to anyone else. He glances at Sam as a demonic howl of rage and fear fills the empty storefront where they cornered her, and that glance is enough to communicate the magnitude of Sam’s error.

Sam drops the coughing, moaning child immediately, shooting to his feet and reaching for his mate, but his hands close on air. He blinks and the door to the shop is broken off its hinges and hanging ajar. The storefront—what used to be a newsstand or a local market at one point, Sam thinks—is empty except for Sam and a confused, frightened child.

Dean doesn’t normally tap into the full extent of his powers, but he’s clearly doing it now and Sam already knows that he won’t be able to catch his mate. Heartsore and sick to his stomach, Sam comforts the child enough to get a name—Emma—and a home—18 Chestnut St in Brooklyn—and then lifts her in his arms and moves out into the night to bring her home. It’s thirty minutes to find the place, then ten minutes back along his own trail to the storefront, where he lets the cougar to the front and scents the ground.

City smell is thick everywhere, but the cougar would be able to track his mate through any scent, and anyway there’s demon reek, thick and unmistakable, to follow. But of course Dean wasn’t taking any chances, and they waste more time on their mate’s meandering, wandering path through the city. The cougar hesitates uneasily when the scent takes him to Bellevue Hospital—an imposing structure on the other side of an old fashioned iron-wrought gate—and makes a distressed panting noise with Sam’s throat and mouth when it discovers another trail leading back out of the building.

The scent has changed. There’s blood now, and the demon reek has been covered with the smell of recent death.

He can’t, Sam thinks desperately, even though he knows otherwise. Even though he considered otherwise himself, until he realized Dean would never forgive him if he came after Ruby on his own, if he kept Dean out of this hunt the way he was tempted to.

The cougar doesn’t waste time arguing or consoling, but instead speeds them off down this new trail—not far, though, only to a warehouse by a series of docks across from Governors Island. There are no security guards to dodge because they’re all unconscious—Dean’s doing—and now that Sam and the cougar are closer they don’t have to follow their nose any longer. They don’t have to follow that wretched, strange scent of demon and blood and death.

They can hear Ruby’s cries, echoing off the warehouse walls.

Sam is in charge for the slip into the building, but as soon as Dean is in sight—covered in blood already, fuck—the cougar leaps forward and drives them across the intervening space silently and swiftly enough that Dean doesn’t have time to realize they’re there. Sam moves forward again for the death blow, not pushing the cougar aside but mingling with it, and together they drive their fist into the chest (through a convenient hole left by Dean, or maybe that was already there when he found this body) and catch hold of the demon within.

It won’t come out.

Sam hisses with frustration, pulling harder, and then finds himself knocked back across the room. When he lifts himself up into a crouch, Dean is standing between him and the screaming, laughing mess chained to a handy table. His lips are drawn back from his teeth, his eyes feral and hard.

“Walk away,” he growls.

“No. Jesus Christ, Dean, think about what you’re do—”

“I have. Bitch is mine. She’s in a dead body, Sam. I’m not fucking hurting any innocents.”

“You’re hurting yourself,” Sam insists, hoping that Dean has recovered enough to care about that.

But he only gets more of that hostile, flat stare as Dean replies, “I’ve done worse. Nothing here that ain’t already broken or dirtied up, so just walk the fuck away already.”

It’s the second time he’s demanded that, even though Sam can’t see a way to stop him. Not when Dean has somehow managed to lock Ruby in that meatsuit. Not when they both know that Sam can’t hope to win in a fight—he doesn’t have Dean’s experience in that department. Dean could be back to torturing Ruby the way he clearly wants to be, but for some reason he’s staring at Sam instead.

Staring and demanding Sam leave.

“I’m not going anywhere,” Sam says on a flash of understanding. “So if you want to do this, you’re going to have to do it in front of me.”

There’s a flicker of something over Dean’s face—indefinable and fleeting—and then Dean bites out, “Fine,” and turns around. Sam watches his mate pick up a jagged chunk of metal he seems to have been using as a knife, and is filled with the nauseating dread that he guessed wrong. He’s going to have to watch this.

But he can’t—he can’t see Dean do this, can’t be a witness to what his mate’s pain has twisted him into. He can’t watch Dean degrade and defile himself like this, goddamn it. Fighting back tears, he starts to turn his head away only to be frozen in place as the cougar surges forward.

::Wait,:: the cougar insists.

Dean has the sharp edge of the metal against Ruby’s heaving stomach now, ready to cut, and Sam prepares himself for the fresh scream and the flow of blood—partially congealed, Sam sees now, which means the body was dead for a least a little while before Dean put Ruby into it.

Dean doesn’t move. His hand trembles where it’s gripping the metal, tension reverberating through his body.

“Get out,” he says, forcing the words through clenched teeth.

Relief expands through Sam’s chest like a cool breeze and he straightens. “No.”

“Get the fuck out or I’ll fucking make you.”

“Go ahead then, because I’m not leaving.”

He’s worried for a moment that Dean will—the scent his mate is giving off is confusing, and difficult to read even without the added distraction of Ruby’s murky smell—but instead Dean drops the metal and presses a bloodied hand to his face.

“Goddamn it, Sam,” he whispers.

“What’s … wrong … Dean?” Ruby manages, forcing her dead lips into a rictus of a grin. “Can’t … get it up … with … Sammy … watching?”

Dean moves suddenly then, reclaiming the metal and driving it through Ruby’s throat in a single, smooth motion. The metal pins her throat to the table, silences her, and Dean immediately staggers away to lean against a supporting pillar while he throws up. Sensing that he can safely approach now, Sam is by his mate’s side instantly, resting one hand on Dean’s waist and rubbing his back with the other.

“Shh,” he breathes. “Shh, baby. We’re here. We’re here now.”

Even in the middle of Dean’s heaves, Sam can feel him trying to pull away, though, and as soon as he can manage it, Dean gasps, “Don’t touch me.”

It isn’t fear Dean is radiating, though—not like he did in the early days after the Arena, when he let Sam smell anything at all. It’s self-loathing, and disgust, and while that scent makes Sam want to throw up himself, he ignores it and puts his arms more fully around his mate.

Dean resists for a moment, tense and unwilling in Sam’s arms, and then sags and turns into him with a voiceless sob. One of his hands finds Sam’s shirt and fists a bunch of the fabric. His forehead rests against Sam’s shoulder.

Ruby is a gurgling distraction in the background, but this moment is for Dean—reassuring him that he’s loved still despite what he’s done, calming him from the wild, frenzied edge he was standing at when Sam arrived. One minute stretches into three, then to five, and in the end it’s close to ten minutes before Sam feels safe enough to whisper, “How do I end it?”

Dean’s hand spasms where it’s wrapped in Sam’s shirt—tightening clench on a surge of some strong emotion—and then relaxes again as he mutters, “Symbol on her arm.”

“Don’t move,” Sam tells him, giving his brother’s temple a quick kiss and Dean’s arms an affectionate rub before disengaging and moving toward the table.

Ruby’s eyes are laughing, despite the mess. Despite the pain she must be in. It galls Sam and makes the cougar hiss, tail lashing through Sam’s mind, and he spares a moment to lean in close and whisper, “You think you’ve broken him? You haven’t. All you’ve done is shown me what else needs to be fixed.”

It’s true. Because Sam gets the feeling that this isn’t Dean’s first time wielding a sharp implement like this, and that means that there are hurts there Sam didn’t even know about. Wounds he couldn’t tend to because he couldn’t see them. He’s damn well tending them now, though, and fuck whatever Dean has to say on the subject.

Some of the vicious joy has gone out of Ruby’s eyes when he straightens, which makes him feel a little better, and he doesn’t suffer more than a momentary clench of revulsion when he finds the symbol Dean was talking about burned into the body’s flesh. It’s familiar, circle with a bar through one side, and he places it from his memories of the Arena—the same sigil Vincent used to lock demons into their bodies for their fights with the Fenrir. Bile burns in his throat at the thought of Dean using Vincent’s tricks to do this, and it’s a relief to tear the design with one hand.

He catches Ruby on her way out of the body, shreds her into fine, drifting bits of ash that vanish even as they fall toward the floor. When he’s sure she’s gone and won’t ever be returning—in this world or the next—he turns back to his mate.

Dean is watching him, arms wrapped around his stomach in a protective gesture that seems unconscious. He has his eyes fixed somewhere around Sam’s chest, his face set into a distant mask like Sam can’t smell the seething, hurtful emotions inside him.

Sam gives him almost a minute to speak first, and when it becomes clear Dean is willing to stand there until the sun rises or the guards rouse, Sam says, “This wasn’t your first rodeo.”

It’s Dean’s turn of phrase—one Sam hasn’t used before: feels strange in his mouth—but it’s designed to slide past Dean’s barriers and, from the slight shudder of Dean’s body and the sharpening of his gaze, it does. Still, Dean doesn’t speak. He doesn’t have to: his scent is telling the story for him.

“Talk to us,” Sam urges. “Whatever happened, however bad it was, we’re not leaving.”

“It’s none of your business.”

It’s a response at least, and Sam takes a careful step closer, noting the way Dean’s nostrils flare anxiously, like a nervous horse’s.

“Tell me anyway,” Sam offers, instead of arguing that it damn well is his business—anything that harms Dean like this is his to be hunted down and killed, even something as intangible as a memory. Inside of Sam, the cougar is radiating a mixture of fear and confidence—if they can get Dean to open up, it has no doubt about their ability to heal the damage. Neither does Sam, for that matter.

If they can pry Dean’s stubborn, lock-jawed mouth open.

“Please,” Sam tries, which gets him a quick flick of his mate’s intense golden eyes—shadows there, and wariness, and longing. Sam takes a chance, adding, “If you don’t want to talk, can I at least hold you? Just for a couple minutes?”

Dean’s scent fluctuates erratically as his head jerks in something that isn’t quite a yes or no. When Sam tries moving closer, testing, Dean jerks back against the pillar with a sharp breath.

“Don’t!” he barks. “I’m—I’ve got blood all over.”

Sam already smeared a good amount of that on himself when he drew Dean into his arms the first time, but he’s canny enough to see beneath his brother’s words to the meaning beneath. It isn’t the blood Dean is worried about Sam picking up, but the more noxious, darker stain on his soul.

As if any of that is his fault. As if Sam would hesitate even if it were.

“I don’t care,” Sam tells him, and this time, when he moves and Dean flinches back, Sam doesn’t stop. Instead, he crosses the space between them too quickly for Dean to formulate an escape plan and gets his arms around his mate. He holds Dean until the stiffness bleeds from him, until Dean is loose and pliant again in his arms.

“I’ll always love you,” Sam whispers then, and the cougar borrows his voice to add, “And I.”

There’s a moment of stillness—painful, filled with Dean’s desperate, wounded scent—and then, falteringly, Dean says, “His name was Billington. It was—almost a year now.”

Sam doesn’t say anything, but the gentle hand he rests on the back of Dean’s head—like a benediction—must be all that Dean needs to hear because the words keep coming. Another rotten nugget of Dean’s time in the Arena, another client, spotting the man again in Chicago, going after him.

How long it took the man to die.

Tears form in Sam’s eyes. Sorrow lodges in his chest. Not for that son of a bitch whose last hours Dean is painting in too vivid words, but for his mate. His mate, who had to live those hours as well, and has emerged with bloodied gashes of his own.

But they’re gashes that won’t go untended any longer.

As Dean’s words finally dissolve into harsh, reluctant tears, Sam kisses his mate’s bloodied forehead, and strokes his hair, and knows that this too will pass. The puss-filled wounds have been lanced, and they’ll heal properly now.

Dean’s coming back to him, little by little, and stronger for the scars. More beautiful for having endured the pain and come out on the other side.

::He will run again,:: the cougar agrees in Sam’s head. ::He will run and he will shine like the moon.::

No, Sam thinks, resting his forehead against his mate's. He’ll shine like the sun.