The Marathon
by RichardKimble

The Marathon Ch. 03

Things spiral out of control.

Later that afternoon Tori felt serious pangs of guilt building. Even though she had experienced the incredibly lustful display with Paul, she knew that it happened because she was turned on by her voyeurism of a man not her husband. Nonetheless, she tried to rationalize that she did absolutely nothing wrong, and in fact she reasoned that her reaction was healthy and sex-positive. Most women in the same situation would not have shown her composure, she thought. As evidenced by her dream, if she had simply stood in the room for a fraction longer and not willed herself to leave, something quite different than just voyeurism might have occurred.

By Wednesday, Tori was out of pills again. She became quick tempered, feeling listless and dejected. By Thursday night, her sleep went south again. She spent hours lying in bed trying to sleep. By two in the morning, she had slept less than an hour. Her mind was spinning out of control. She tried every technique she knew, but the insomnia was back.

She finally conceded the fight and quietly went downstairs to the kitchen to fix a snack in the dead of night.

As she looked through the fridge for a healthy snack, she pulled out a few carrots, an english cucumber, and hummus. As she spread the ingredients on the counter, she picked up the cucumber and held it. The image of Sean stepping out of the shower filled her mind reflexively. She blushed as she then thought about the dream that she had the night before and the morning with Paul. She couldn't fight away the image of Sean's cock while holding the large cucumber. It felt a touch on the slim side, but she imagined the length matching Sean's full, erect size.

Without thinking, she stroked it. It was cold, and without thought she turned on the hot water. After a brief moment, she placed the cucumber under the warm water and began stroking it again. She did this for a minute or so, then had an idea.

Tori turned off the water and quietly slipped down to their basement 'in-law' suite. She turned on the shower, took off her top, and stepped out of her panties. She had brought the cucumber with her and as the water warmed up, she placed it under the hot shower spray and started to stroke the long, phallic vegetable. She imagined it was Sean's cock and felt herself getting instantly aroused. Stepping into the shower, Tori positioned the nozzle to spray towards herself as she sat down on the seat in the corner of the shower.

With the cucumber wet, warm, and becoming slightly more supple she imagined that she had returned to Sean's office and happened upon him in the shower. She fantasized that she had stepped into the shower with him and now he was standing in front of her with his erect cock in her hand. She licked the head, then started to swirl her tongue around in sensuous circles. She pretended to look up and into his eyes as she took it deep into her mouth, touching the back of her throat. She slowly removed the length of the phallus and started again at the head. When she pushed it back into her mouth again, she relaxed her throat and attempted to slide it deep. She swallowed a few more inches as she felt increasing pressure in her throat.

She had expected to feel pain or a gagging sensation, but like with Paul previously, she felt only slight discomfort. This gave her a momentary pause for thought, then she repeated the cycle. She did this several more times, lubricating and advancing deeper with each pass. After several more attempts, she tried sticking her tongue out again as the phallus moved deep into her throat. She was able to lick her hand on the end of the cucumber with the shaft buried the rest of the way in. She figured that she had swallowed close to seven inches. She was becoming incredibly turned on, realizing that she could swallow something this large. She began fingering herself as she continued the mock fellatio.

After a few minutes of stimulating her clitoris, Tori wanted desperately to experience what a huge cock might feel like inside of her. She angled the water against the wall and then slid onto the wide floor of the steaming shower. She began by inserting two fingers into her moist channel, rubbing her clit with the tip of the make-shift dildo. After she felt sure that she was well lubricated, she spit several times into her hand, generously lubricated the upper shaft and then slowly inserted it. In her mind, Sean had just penetrated her and with her imagination and hormones firing on all cylinders, the fantasy was surprisingly effective. She stroked in slowly, holding onto the long phallus with one hand as she spread herself with the other. Her feet were up on the wall of the shower and her hips spread wide.

She explored different angles as she inserted more into herself with each stroke and realized that with a slightly downward, smooth stroke she could move the tip over her cervix with only mild pressure. She had limited experience with deep penetration, as Paul was not this long. On his deepest strokes, his head just reached her cervix, which she was did not find comfortable nor enjoyable. But the discomfort might have been about the angle, she realized. She had expected a big cock to feel uncomfortable, but this wasn't. With the proper angle she was finding it to be surprisingly stimulating, more pressure than pain.

Tori increased the pace of strokes slightly and the pleasure continued to build. She instinctively pushed in further and realized that she could feel what must be her back wall, which seemed to be an inch or so across and beyond the cervix. For a brief moment, she wondered if this was normal in women, and then she realized that she had inserted close to the full length of the long cucumber, at least eight inches. An erotic thrill shot through her as she imagined that Sean might be about this length fully hard.

As she thought about Sean, the analytical thoughts faded away as she started to increase the intensity of the thrusts. After a dozen or so short strokes at the depth of her channel pressing gently but firmly into her back wall, a wholly new feeling spread. It felt like a switch had just engaged in her torso and a warm, vibration spread all the way up through her chest with each stroke. She tested this out further by backing off in intervals, trying shallow strokes around her G-spot. Those felt nice as well, but when she pushed all the way in and bottomed out the sensation was so intense her eyes would roll back and she would deeply grunt and moan with every thrust.

Momentarily overwhelmed by the sensations, Tori slowly pulled the cucumber all the way out, watching it erotically stretch her lips. She couldn't believe her eyes as the final inch left and her vaginal walls contracted and softly pulsed in its absence. She lay there for a blissful moment just savoring the newfound eroticism.

She reinserted it to the hilt on her first stroke, shocking herself again. Her moan was so loud, she worried she might wake the house two floors up. But there was no slowing down now, the feelings were too great and too intense. With reckless abandon, she pulled out again, then thrust deep and hard. Her eyes rolled back and she moaned loudly with pleasure. She wanted to feel this over and over until she couldn't take any more.

So, she did. She gave herself the hardest fucking of her life as she pounded herself repeatedly, as deep and hard as possible until she exploded with an intense and wholly different orgasm than anything she had ever experienced. If there was a Richter scale for her orgasms, this would have been at least a seven, with all others before having been no higher than sixes. The aftershocks, which lasted minutes, were stronger than her typical orgasms.

After the final tremors subsided, Tori lay on the floor of the shower in a stupefied state for long minutes. The water had started to cool, and she forced herself to get up and turn up the heat. As she sat up, she realized the cucumber was still buried deep inside her and she slowly pulled it out, again marveling at the length that she took in. She naturally thought about Sean and a very real part of her realized that she wanted to find out if having sex with him would feel the same. The other part of her, the mother and wife, felt immediate and intense guilt. She realized that when people speak of identity crises, she was on the verge of one.

*****

Tori dressed, then guiltily hid the cucumber in a plastic bag in the basement trash bin. She headed up a level to lie down on the living room couch, hoping to catch some sleep. She finally dozed off close to four in the morning and was startled awake by Paul a few hours later. She was groggy and disoriented. When she remembered her experience in the shower, a warm sensation filled her, but then guilt crashed the party as her girls stumbled downstairs looking for breakfast. Paul, ever the doting father and husband, had it under control as Tori popped upstairs to get ready for work. It was going to be a very difficult day, she thought.

By lunchtime that Friday, Tori's shins were in pain and she was overtired. She drank too much coffee and took too many Ibuprofen. Her stomach was in knots. She tried to imagine a path through the weekend that was pain free and well rested, but couldn't. So, at two that afternoon, she called Sean to ask about more pills. He said that he would be heading in early the next day, and then going running; she should stop by before ten.

Paul again was more than happy to shuttle the girls around that Saturday, especially if Tori could cover Sunday morning while he went to play golf with some friends. He was even apologetic about abandoning the family for a Sunday morning. Tori reassured him that he more than deserved the time to himself.

Tori was in the house by herself Saturday morning, with nothing but her thoughts after another fitful night of sleep. She had taken nighttime ibuprofen (extra doses) and that helped her get four hours, but the final three were more of her mind racing and her shins aching. Of course, there were the thoughts of Sean and flashbacks to him naked stepping out of the shower.

Tori was incredibly horny in the morning and had tried to initiate with Paul again, but he was up and off for a jog very early, and then the work of organizing the girl's day intervened. So, after she had the house to herself again, Tori sat down with a cup of coffee in the living room and began thumbing through her phone with some time to kill.

She started on Facebook, saw a post from a militia-crazed cousin and closed the app quickly. She then tried Instagram, but only made it a few posts in before realizing that she had no interest in what people ate for dinner last night. Her mind drifted back to the dick pics and video from the check-out guy. She shamefully had not deleted the files, but she did block his number. On impulse, she touched the pics icon then scrolled down to the highly recognizable photos and video. She opened the first photo from him and recalled that she had purchased a few Red Bulls recently to get through a long day.

Tori went to the recycling and dug out a Red Bull can. She then went downstairs and pulled the cucumber out of the trash in the basement and cleaned it. She held the can against the cucumber and compared it to the pic from the clerk. She surmised that the clerk was significantly thicker than the cucumber. The length she had felt inside her was comparable to what she saw in the photo of the clerk's considerable appendage. She then had the idea to look through the fridge for another phallic item. Paul had picked up their local farm vegetable share the previous afternoon, so she wondered if other items might match the clerk's thick girth and long cock.

Sorting through the drawer, she found a zucchini that appeared to be as thick as the clerk and about as long, it even had the slight curve to match. However, she couldn't imagine how to hold onto it and use the full length. Plus, the skin was not quite as smooth as the cucumber. She decided to wash it well with soap and the vegetable brush. After a few passes under warm water, the skin was smooth and it felt supple (more so than the cucumber).

She then disrobed, and settled on a towel on her bed with a bottle of lubricant. She placed her phone in a holder on the night stand and arranged the pillows so she could see it. She began massaging her clit and fingering herself while browsing the pics. She slowly scrolled among the dick pics several times until she felt like she was eager to feel the long phallus again. She placed the phone in the holder and pressed play on the video with auto repeat. Even though she was thoroughly and naturally lubricated already, she slathered the lube over the cucumber then placed it at her entrance. The first insertion burned slightly. She had just a few inches into her and she needed to pause and breathe deeply in order to steady herself.

After the initial discomfort subsided, she started with slow, increasingly deep strokes. She was totally aroused and could feel pleasure along her walls as she inserted the thick dildo against slight resistance. After repeated long strokes, she pushed the full length into her, pressing firmly up against her back wall. She had to just use her finger tips at the end of the shaft, but slid them in with the dildo at its full point, stimulating her clit slightly with the backside of her thumb. She let out a grunt of painful pleasure with each of the first few thrusts as she bottomed out. She was laying on her back with her knees pulled up as high into her armpits as possible. She imagined Sean's hands on her knees pushing her legs up towards her ears as he plunged fully into her deepest recesses.

Tori said the word "Cock" out loud and felt even more stimulation. She exhaled and subconsciously said, "Big Fucking Cock." She didn't know where this was coming from, but an impulse to suddenly talk vulgar and make noise took her over. With everyone out of the house, Tori felt free to let loose with noise and soon she was moaning and grunting and swearing in exhilaration as she forcefully pounded as deep into herself as she could. "Give me all of that Big Fucking Cock! Fuck me deep! Oh God Yes!" she exclaimed.

She was able to stroke with about a dozen hard, deep strokes at a time but then the feelings would overwhelm her and she would need to take a break. She was certain that she wanted more, but she couldn't physically maintain the depth and force she wanted for a sustained pace. Nevertheless, with stops and starts, a few lasting close to two minutes of rest just to get herself together, she felt an orgasm approach.

When it arrived, it felt even stronger and lasted longer than the first from two nights previous. Tori arched her back and rolled in convulsive bliss as her whole body shook with intense pleasure. It felt like an electrical spasm of pure warmth coursed through her from head to toe and back and forth for minutes. The aftershocks came for another few minutes until she slowly nodded off to sleep.

Her phone woke her, ringing on the nightstand. It was Sean calling and she didn't pick up in time to answer. She didn't think she could talk, as she was so out of it anyway. The time was 10:22 am, and she cursed in frustration.

She decided to text instead of call: "Sean, so sorry that I didn't show on time. I fell asleep! Your call just woke me up. Can I still come by or did I just blow it?"

His response came just moments later: "No worries! I'm heading out for my run now. Please stop by around 11:30. You did not blow it..."

Tori paused. She was relieved and thankful that she could still pick up the pills, but more so she wanted to see Sean. Then there was the innuendo. It was there, she wasn't imagining it.

Without much thought or hesitation, she texted back: "Thank you, Sean! You are so kind! I'll be there at 11:30 with bells on. So glad I didn't blow it...yet ;)"

Sean replied back with a wide-eyed, panting emoji.

Tori felt the thrill, the guilt, and the confusion all at once. She had just told this incredibly handsome man that she wanted to blow him and he understood. This was beyond innuendo.

Tori then realized the vegetable dildo was still inserted in her. She started to stroke in and out of herself again. She was panting just shortly after she starting again. Because she was still stretched and supple, she was able to keep up the pace and depth of the strokes better than before. She was riding the adrenaline of the sexting and feeling wicked and dirty. She pounded herself with deep, long strokes, grunting like a woman possessed.

She kept up a furious pace of strokes for a long time. She wasn't sure how many minutes passed, but she relentlessly pounded herself until another climax began to build. As it approached, she started to writhe and scream in ecstasy. For the final dozen or so strokes she found it nearly impossible to hold onto the phallus, but managed somehow and then felt the deepest and most overwhelming of sensations.

Her vision blurred as she heard a whoosh in her ears. She was panting helplessly and could only make a muffled grunt. The shaking lasted what seemed to be minutes, so long that she worried it might be a mini stroke. Then it subsided and Tori felt euphoria. She was warm and happy and calm, feeling like she could close her eyes and sleep for a week.

Tori almost nodded off, but bolted up in a panic at missing another appointment to see Sean and get the pills. She had twenty-five minutes to shower, get dressed, and make the five-minute drive. She would not be late this time, and she needed to pick out something appropriate to wear. "What is appropriate to wear when you have just fucked yourself into oblivion twice in one morning while fantasizing about the cock of someone that you just told you wanted to blow? Also, you're a devoted wife and mother..." she wondered.

*****

"What do you wear after sexting with a hot physical therapist?" -- was a conundrum for Tori. Her identity crisis was in full swing as she wrestled with the fact that she more-or-less told Sean that she wanted to blow him via text, and at the same time her devoted, caring, and handsome husband was cheering on their girls at their games. Picking up the Endodan was easy to rationalize, as she felt she truly needed the pills for her shin pain and to sleep a full night. She decided something simple and conservative would be best: t-shirt and jeans. She had to distance herself from the overt sexting innuendo and simply obtain this batch of pills.

It had to be her last set. She had googled Endodan the day before and wasn't surprised that it was an opioid cousin of Vicodin, a combination of oxycodon hydrocloride and acetaminophen. The old adage: too good to be true rang in her head as soon as the results confirmed her suspicions. Despite this glaring brain fart, she kew that she was an intelligent, driven woman. She listened to her doctor's warnings about the addictive dangers of the drugs. This had to be the absolute last time, she was certain.

When she arrived at the building, the front door was open again with a new little note for her. Sean had drawn a hand wave emoji next to her name, then had written, "come in the back." Tori guffawed loudly and pulled the note off the door, stuffing it in her small handbag. She shook her head but had to admit that she was really enjoying this explicit sexting. She said to herself that it would be fun to pick it up with Paul in order to spice things up.

She walked back toward the office, passing the same treatment room where she had been standing when she secretively watched Sean stepping out the shower. She slowed her pace and had to take several deep breaths to calm her nerves as she vividly recalled the images she had been fantasizing about since last week. She felt heat between her legs and an involuntary contraction thinking about the royal pounding she had given herself that morning.

Tori looked toward the office and the shower, startled as Sean was looking at her, holding a Cheshire grin.

"Did you see something you like in there?" he asked.

Tori was speechless, registering the past tense in his question. "I was, uh, just looking around," she stumbled to reply.

"I see. I like to look sometimes too," he retorted eyeing her body up and down appreciatively.

Tori couldn't hold in her surprised grunt, becoming suddenly very self-conscious and more than a little convinced that Sean knew that she was watching him last week.

"How are you feeling, Tori?" he asked, letting off the pedal of flirtation. "Are your shins painful today? How is your sleep?"

Tori was thankful for relief from his change in focus, as she wasn't sure she could stand much more flirting without exploding from her internal conflict. She needed to stick to all business so she could get the pills and go. She had to put this surreal encounter behind her.

"I'm still in some pain and my sleep is sadly very fitful," she said, trying to focus on her shins and condition. "So, overall, I'm hopeful I can get through this week or so, then be fully on the mend. However, without regular sleep, it seems that my recovery is unending."

"Oh, I totally understand," he said. "Let's head back into the treatment room, get you on the table and I'll work your legs today. I'm not as good as Erin, but I'll do it with enthusiasm!"

She tried to think of a reason to say no, but she was in pain. The massages were by far the most effective part of the physical therapy sessions for pain relief, so she would be crazy to pass it up today, she thought.

As Tori moved to get up onto the table, Sean stopped her short with a quick gesture and pointed at her jeans. Tori practically cursed herself for having warn them instead of shorts.

"Sorry, but you should lose the jeans, Tori," he said with a sly smirk. "It'd be hard to do it properly with them on."

Tori exhaled involuntarily again at the innuendo as she hesitated what to do.

Sensing her discomfort, Sean said, "Tell you what, let's start with the meds, some water and a towel. You can take it, get comfortable on the table, while I slip into the back for the gear."

He handed her the water and two Endodan, then left the towel on the table and closed the door. She simply decided that with all she had been through in the past few months, she deserved to truly enjoy this moment. She'd never taken two pills before, but it'd been a very long week, she rationalized.

A few minutes later Tori had shed her jeans and was laying on her stomach with the beach-sized towel covering her from waist to knee. The pills hadn't fully kicked in yet, but she did notice feeling less pain and much more relaxed. She was a bit restless, but content. She had to stifle the thoughts about how exciting it will be to have Sean massaging her calves as she lay in her thong under the towel. She reminded herself that this was all normal routine for physical therapy and nothing she hadn't done in this office dozens of times before.

Sean was taking his time, as it was nearly fifteen minutes later when Sean knocked on the door. Tori beckoned him in, and she involuntarily reached out her hand to him as he approached. Sean smiled and gently touched her forearm.

"Sorry about the wait," he said. "I had a few messages come in that I had to respond to. How are you feeling?" he asked.

"I'm better. I can already tell this is going to be just what the doctor ordered," she replied in a raspy voice. She was feeling a connection to him as he started to touch her calves.

His hands were warm and strong as he bent her leg up, then gently rolled her foot in an arc, pausing with calf stretches. He massaged the calf gently for one rotation, then alternated with a massage of the arch and base of her foot. With a small amount of warm oil, Tori felt the sensation all the way up her leg as she heard herself moan in appreciation.

She started to feel very at ease on the table. Her legs felt great in Sean's experienced hands. She could feel stress and tension leaving her body, almost like his hands were pulling it out of her with every touch. "He's magic," she thought to herself, in more ways than one.

Tori noticed there was music playing, a steady rhythmic beat that was relaxing but catchy. It might have been an up-tempo reggae, but there were no lyrics. She started to tap her fingers and move around in small movements to the music. If she was honest, she felt this quickly becoming a sensuous experience.

Sean applied warm compresses to her calves and shins, then walked to the side of the table.

"How are you feeling now, Tori?" he asked bending down slightly toward her.

"I'm so relaxed," she sighed. "You have incredible hands, Sean. You are very gifted. In more than one department," she added reflexively and without thought.

"Oh really, and what are some of my other gifts, Tori?" he asked, leaning down towards her.

"I have a confession," Tori blurted out, and before she had processed what she was saying, she finished the thought, "I saw you drying off after your shower last week. I saw everything."

"And what did you think?"

"You are extremely gifted."

"I have to admit, this has me very excited, Tori," he said in a raspy voice as he leaned down near her ear.

"Uh-hmm," she responded as Sean placed a hand on the back of her thigh. He gently stroked from just above her knee, under the towel up to the base of her left cheek, pausing to circle around her upper thigh. She continued to moan and provided no resistance. Sean took it as a green light, and started again just above her knees with both hands. He gently stroked upward under the towel, over her firm round ass cheeks up to near her waist. The towel went with his motion and stayed folded loosely above her waist.

She was feeling incredibly turned on, a raging fire had ignited in her groin. With every stroke he made up her legs, she felt a glowing, warm sensation travel up her body then circle back deep into her belly.

He continued the massage of her legs, pausing longer each time around her upper thighs, beginning to massage closer and closer toward her crotch with his fingertips. With the towel out of the way, he could see moisture in the thin fabric covering her pussy as she spread her legs open slightly more with each pass. By the fifth pass along her upper legs, Tori lifted her pelvis upward and arched her back slightly, moaning deeply as his hands approached near her pussy.

If Sean had guessed right, his next move would likely send Tori into a heightened state of arousal, possibly pass the point of no return.

He placed his hands again just above her knees, but then massaged down to her feet.

Tori let out a muffled cry of disappointment, and Sean knew it was working. He walked casually down the table towards her feet as he gently massaged her calves, lifting her feet up as he did so. Just as it seemed to Tori that the massage was about done, Sean took Tori's foot and gently placed her toes into his mouth, caressing them with his tongue, sucking gently.

"Oooh!" Tori let out a moaning cry. Sean was right, she was over the edge.

After a few minutes of attention to the toes on each foot and appreciative moaning from Tori, Sean sensuously, but deliberately made his way back up along her legs to her round ass, again, approaching very close but only just grazing near her folds. Tori barely held in a scream of frustrated excitement.

Sean's hands then made their way around her ass firmly massaging her to an even more heightened state. On each pass, he spread her cheeks open, getting progressively closer to touching her most private areas. She wasn't aware that he had positioned himself so that his face was now inches away from her groin as well.

On the next pass of appreciation around her firm, tight ass, Sean paused with her cheeks spread fully open. Her cute little rosebud was partially exposed and the fluids from her pussy were seeping through and around the thin covering. Sean leaned in close, and blew a warm breath across Tori's anus.

She exploded with an ecstatic moan, crying, "OHHH!"

He needed no more encouragement and felt she was well and truly ripe. He slid the g-string aside, wet his mouth, and then plunged his tongue and lips onto her rosebud.

A small tremor of climax surged through her. It wasn't an earth shattering one like she had experienced earlier in the day, but its quickness and the source shocked her. He took it in stride, lifting her pelvis up so she was on her knees. He deftly pulled down her thong and dove in seeking out her clitoris.

She climaxed again almost immediately. This time it was deeper and more forceful, but he didn't slow. He expertly traced the outline of her folds up and down and around her clit with his warm, soft, wet mouth. She was losing total control of her sounds as he brought her again towards a climax. After a concentrated effort on her clitoris, he inserted his long middle finger fully into her pussy and she knew her fate was sealed. He started with long strokes, then mixed in gentle motion along her g-spot, all the while expertly using his tongue and mouth on her clit. Shortly, a third orgasm rocked her as she began to quiver and convulsively shake down into the table.

Sean let her writhe for a moment as he slipped out of his shorts and briefs. He began taking his shirt off when he felt her warm hand encircle his cock. It was as hard as he could ever remember as she began stroking him gently with a determined pace. Tori alternated staring at his cock and looking into his eyes with enthusiastic lust.

Soon she slipped off the table and was kneeling down in front of him, looking up at him as her mouth encircled the bulbous head of his cock. She moaned deeply at the same time and the sensation was almost too much. He was so turned on and excited that he had to fully concentrate to let out tension in his groin, narrowly avoiding a premature climax.

Tori paused to spit into her hand again, then began pumping and swirling with both her hand and mouth in a vigorous motion. With the fingertips of her off hand, she gently caressed his balls, just enough pressure to avoid tickling, but very light and sensual. Sean responded with guttural moans and long pleasurable breaths.

She sensed that he was possibly nearing a climax, so she backed off, eager to test her new skills but wanting to prolong the experience. She licked downward toward his engorged sack and gave each side gentle, teasing attention. Pausing to look up into his eyes, then resuming her feast. She alternated finger-tip strokes on the outside of his sack with playful tonguing. Sean's eyes were burning with desire each time they made contact.

Tori decided now was the time to test her new skill of deepthroating an actual big cock. She licked around the head of his cock several times, looked up into his eyes then slowly slid him into her mouth, past the opening to her throat, and as deep into her as she could manage. Sean's cock was thick, but she managed to get very respectable length down her throat. It was too thick to try sticking her tongue out as she swallowed, so she focused on long, slow strokes taking as much length as she could on each effort. She wanted Sean to look down and see his cock disappear down her throat as she stared into his eyes. With her fingers still massaging his ball sack, he wasn't going to last long, so she prepared for the climax.

She couldn't be prepared for the explosion he would give her, though. He warned her with a deep guttural cry and the first burst shot down deep into her throat. She could feel his balls convulse, then she felt another building. She almost panicked as she hadn't swallowed it all yet when the second shot pumped into her. He grabbed her head reflexively and buried his cock deeper. She could feel hair for the first time tickle the end of her nose as she felt a sense of pride, but also panic at being impaled on his huge, exploding cock.

The third shot, just as strong as the previous two, took her by surprise. He maintained a hold on her head with his cock fully down her throat. The volume overwhelmed her and most of this volley made its way up and out of her nose. Sean finally let loose of her head and Tori dropped back onto her haunches, gasping for air.

She looked up at Sean feeling, much to her own shock, like a total slut, inexplicably proud. And then the fourth rope shot across her face; she barely had time to close her eyes as a long string of cum traced from her mouth across her forehead. Tori had never had a facial before, so chalk up another first experience on the day. The salty taste and scent of Sean's cum began to overtake her senses.

"Holy Shit! Tori!" Sean said. "That was incredibly hot. You're a fucking goddess."

With one eye closed she said, "well, not fucking, technically."

She wiped the fluid from her eye with two fingers, feeding it into her mouth. She then did this slowly with the cum residue on her face. After she had cleaned her face, she swirled her tongue around her lips, staring at Sean with a look of lustful satisfaction. He groaned in appreciation, as he moved the head of his large cock toward her mouth. She opened greedily for him, lightly sucking the traces of cum from his head as he moaned, his knees nearly buckling. She felt emboldened about how she had taken the gorgeous cock in her mouth fully down her throat and brought him to such intense pleasure.

Sean backed away and her mouth made a light popping sound as he pulled out.

"That was the best blowjob I've ever had!" he exclaimed and moved toward his clothes, beginning to dress.

Tori sat back on her feet and took stock of her surroundings and situation. The lust quickly receded in her mind and the reality of what she had just done began to set in. This crossed every line she could imagine. If the shoes were reversed and Paul had done even some of the things she just experienced, she would absolutely freak out. She gave another man a lascivious, slutty blowjob after he made her orgasm (three times) with his mouth. There was no sugar coating this: although technically she didn't fuck another man, she had just cheated.

She quickly got to her feet, found her clothes and raced for the bathroom nearby. Staring in the mirror, the picture could not be harsher. The face staring back at her told no lies: running mascara, fussed hair, and Sean's cum drying on her cheeks and forehead. It was the face of adultery, plain and simple. She crossed a line, and in the moment it felt like her entire view of herself had broken open. She was addicted to opioids, possibly a sex addict as well. She was so far from the person she wanted to be that it felt surreal and incongruous.

After she washed her face and did her best to quickly clean up, her exit was just a manner of seconds. Sean barely had a chance to say goodbye as she quickly walked out straight to her car, jumped in, and took off in a flash. She was on the road and heading home before she realized that she left the packet of pills at the office.

She briefly became angry, but then decided that it was her penance. They were tainted pills that she couldn't take any way. Every time she did, it would have been a reminder of what she did to get them, even though it was totally consensual, the sex acts were about the acquisition of the pills. She had become a cock-sucking whore.
