Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues
(Texts from Last Night)

Cue: "you woke up and yelled …."
Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta
Warning: Did you know that Vincent talks in his sleep?
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 Fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Vincent and Cid
POV: Cid

ODD 1

Cid sighed heavily as he looked at the man sleeping on the floor; this odd sight occurred every couple of nights. It would be laughable if it wasn't so disturbing to see the man that was usually so stiff and proper curled up on the floor using his cape as a blanket. Sometimes he was hugging a pillow and other times he was sprawled out and snoring loudly. Vincent rarely actually slept in the bed. The ex-Turk seemed to be most comfortable sleeping in the oddest positions.

It was one of the reasons that he was the only one that shared a room with the man. The others couldn't handle the caped man's sleep talking.

~even that pesky Yuffie stays away from him at night~

He shook his head at the sight. He was a little disappointed the last couple of nights, when he didn't have anything to write down in his log what Vincent said before he would fall to the floor and sleep.

He had a journal of things that Vincent said before he would lay still and finally sleep, all of which were odd and amusing.

The day after they had defeated a difficult nest of monsters, the announcement was, "I am one red-hot leather-clad monster basher. Bashing is my business."

When they stayed the night at the Haunted Hotel at the Golden Saucer, Vincent had been rather upset at the ghosts. "Ghosts going bump in the night. Clumsy fucker."

That was the day that he started to keep the journal. It was too funny not to document.

The first time that they witnessed Vincent turn into Chaos, he said, "Need room. Spread my wings."

He particularly liked, "Pleased to meet you? Huh, gotta be a fucking joke," which occurred the day after they had encountered Yuffie. He was pretty sure the one the next night had to do with the ninja as well. "Shhhhhhhhh. shhhhhhhhh. I'm telling you: your voice, my ears. A bad combination."

He had already added what Vincent had said last night to the list before he had done his predictable roll to the floor and passed out.

"Wake up call, Vinny."

Vincent's red eyes opened abruptly. There was a moment of confusion on his face before he gave a slow blink and slowly rose to the bed. He surrounded himself with his cloak before he asked the inevitable question.

"I can tell by that stupid smirk on your face that I must have said something odd. What did I say this time?" His voice was low and his red eyes were directed at the place where he had been sleeping.

Cid thought he had been keeping a pretty straight face. "Well, it wasn't as bad as some of the other ones."

Vincent looked at him and waited for his question to be answered.

Cid couldn't help the smile that emerged on his face. "It was, 'the TV is moving,' this time."

Vincent looked around the room before rubbing his face with the embarrassment that he tried to hide from him. "There isn't even a television in the room."

Cid made a valiant effort to stifle the laugh, but failed.

"you woke up and yelled "the tv is moving" and fell on the floor and passed back out." From Deviant Arts' Ten first for Kitsuchi-chan. She wanted a Vincent and Cid with this text. I think I made it fit in my TFLN world…. Vinny is known to have nightmares, I am sure that he has the odd one from time to time! Do ya like it Kitsuchi?

{http:/ sleeptalkinman . blogspot .com/} I pulled the other statements from The Sleeping man Blog, because they are damn funny and thought it fit perfectly with this.

…