For a man, Michael had the daintiest feet.

Brian quietly admired his most treasured possession, the person who was dearest to his heart… fulfilling his very soul. Upon entering their bedroom, he had made the choice to begin from the bottom and end up toward the top. Michael was laying in his favorite position. Half on his side, half on his stomach, with a leg drawn up. The dark raven head was buried under piles of decorative pillows. The soft puffs of breathes could be heard in deep sleep.

Always… it was the gorgeously pale skin that drew Brian closer. Delicate and succulent, he enjoyed tasting every piece of naked flesh on his teeth and tongue when he found courage enough to make his presence known. Brian had made sure he was naked, as well. No sense in pursuing a nude, slumbering lover unless you were similarly attired. He wished he could have showered to wash off any trace of club smells, but he wasn't in the mood. He simply wanted who was laying before him.

He caught a scent of vanilla… and a strong whiff of cinnamon.

Michael washed the linens in consumer flowery detergents, but those reminded him too much of home. He knew a man's bed… certainly a gay man's bed… needed to represent two sides. A place of individuality and a safety from harm, like a sanctuary. Designing a signature scent then allowed the bed to become a sacred entity where lovers worshiped one anothers' bodies and said a quiet thankfulness for the time spent. Even if it was for only a few moments of intense pleasure. The fewest of lucky ones experienced this feeling daily once they found someone to spend years living with.

Brian's bed used to need darkness and expensive sheets, just enough coldness to dis-invite any visitor to stay. He used to find his King-sized monstrosity a sanctuary, and a clear extension of his inner persona. Could be why Brian never felt comfortable in the bed, because he didn't feel quite comfortable in his own skin.

With Michael, his bed had one simple trait fulfillment. Is it comfortable? Didn't matter the size, what it looked like… he simply wanted to sleep. Sleep to dream. Dream to live out his fantasies.

Early on, Brian discovered his cure for sleepless nights was curling into Michael's arms. That had become his new sanctuary. Didn't matter the linens bought to adorn the mattress. What mattered was how tightly those small arms held him. Those nimble fingers combing through his tangled hair, as if sweeping away nightmares of his mind.

Now… Brian's bed tastes were Michael's and he could care less what was put on the mattress and what always made the bed smell so inviting. As long as he found Michael somewhere within the sheets. Buried under those sweet intoxicating linens… always waiting. Waiting for Brian to come home to him.

Brian contemplated the thin calf, hazel eyes trailing up the tapered muscles. The dark spatters of fine hairs covered the skin leading him toward more expanses of white flesh. A kneecap… then a thigh… flattened by sleeping pressure on the mattress under him.

Brian noticed what interested him most, right now. Between the spread legs, up around the thighs… there was a hint of shadow. Coarse dark pubic hair, a limp lumpy sac and the promise of something more hidden underneath. Possibly hardening as Brian watched. Because even in Michael's dreams, he could feel Brian's presence and it was enthralling enough to make his body quiver and shook him to the core. He didn't know Brian was there, but in a bit… he will know for certain.

Brian hadn't touched the body laying down. He was only seated on the bed, leg drawn up and simply soaking up the sight of Michael… in dreamland.

The radiant warmth hit Brian as he pulled closer and closer to the powerful draw the body before him unleashed. He could no longer just look, he has to touch… caress… fondle. This is what made him breathe again.

Brian slinked along the mattress, barely an inch away from Michael's curled frame. He pulled himself upward, hovering over Michael, placing one palm flat on the empty bedside next to Michael's head. He stretched out, letting his own body align with Michael's, rising and suddenly becoming powerless to the weight he needed to lay flush with the man under him.

Reaching a hand back, Michael smoothed a palm down the rough cheek coming toward his face. "Hmm… you're home early."

Brian released his body's stiffness, softly placing it on top of Michael's. "I heard this rumor -- something urgent to come home to. Needed my attention." He kissed the spot on the neck that sends Michael overboard, and licked a trail over the shoulder joint. He kissed a freckle. "Closed early. Patrons didn't know the time. Everyone was drunk or high. Bouncers come in handy on those occasions."

For some reason, Brian was able to push his lust back, something else moved to the forefront. Not that he no longer wanted Michael – it was that he knew with Michael tonight he would show him everything he has. Michael would have no doubt that Brian loves him. He would treasure every curve and bend of Michael's body. He would try to pleasure his soul, if he could manage it. Michael was the most precious thing he had in his keeping and Brian knew that soon he would be settling old debts thought buried to make sure his future by Michael's side was secure. Brian already knew Michael wouldn't budge. Michael wouldn't leave him any day. Michael was Brian's safest bet. The problem came from… all the rest.

Brian couldn't take any chances at losing. Not this time.

Michael rolled over, opening his legs and letting Brian settle between his thighs. They were both hard… growing harder… but they were hesitant. "I thought about what you said." He tucked some hair behind Brian's ear.

"… 'bout your dirty mouth?" Brian teased again.

"Give it a rest, will you! No… that question you had about us. You know… the lust… the sexual fevers… why now?"

"Yeah?"

Hard to be curious when someone was suckling on your earlobe.

"Think I found your answer."

Brian felt the desire override his listening skills. "Later… right now, I've got more important things to finish."

Michael took the dry hump of Brian's pelvis against his as a sign of what was to happen next. "Okay… later then."

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

He was sure once he opened his eyes it would be over. His fantasy lover would disappear and he would be left alone, solitary. How he used to like to be. How he could no longer be… or his heart would shatter to pieces. He knew, in that minute, he would cry and possibly die from the heartache.

These days he had become familiar with having someone close, feeling someone near, knowing someone was thinking about him the way he was thinking about them.

He could hear his name being called. He felt the gentlest of touches to his cheek, his jaw and then a finger drawn along his mouth.

He knew his fantasy lover wanted him to look into his eyes, but he couldn't. Not now. It couldn't be over yet.

He smelled the scent. His scent. His fantasy lover's scent. It's there when he wakes up… when his fantasy lover's not in the bed… when he's in a room his fantasy lover's been in. It surrounded him like air. It fed him when he was lonely, screaming for affection.

He couldn't do this. He couldn't keep his eyes closed for too long or his fantasy lover would become frustrated and grow angry. Wanting the attention. Needing the fascination. Chained to the adoration.

So he allowed one lid to lift, checking. Still there. Eyes shut. He opened eyes half-mast. Still there… under him… undulating… wanting more. Eyes shut. He knew now that if he fully opened his eyes this time and the fantasy lover left… he won't be able to breathe. He will die without…

"Brian…" Michael was up on his elbows, watching Brian intensely, making sure his head wasn't in the clouds. He wanted… needed him right here. Right there with him. He soothed a palm down Brian's heaving chest.

"Huh?" Brian opened his eyes. Instant relief. Michael… his fantasy lover… is still there and caressing his heated skin. "Sorry." He buried his head in shame, nudging Michael's body in apologies he can't claim, so he used the silence. He wasn't able to admit what was rambling in his mind. Always did when they began to have sex. Especially sex like this, where it's considered making love. "I, uh… let my mind wander too far."

"Anything interesting?"

"Nope." Brian moved back a bit, knowing what Michael intended for their first position.

It wasn't needed… truly. They could go through the whole 101 Gay Sexual Positions and Brian would still be content with one. But he knew Michael liked the informal ones even less, so they are completed from the start.

So… from behind… was always first. It could be the most savage or the most sensual. This time, Brian would work for both. He wanted to be inside Michael, almost hungry enough for the taste. But he liked the way Michael became once he was there, penetrating his core and riding him until he was assured of Michael's satisfaction, ejaculating once or twice on the sheets.

They've perfected this position. They don't even consider this one their favorite, but they fulfill their animalistic emotions to prepare for the more pleasurable, loving ones. They could turn it into a game or they could make it subtly romantic.

Brian has the rubbers, Michael's holding the tube of lubrication. When the time was right, Michael would pour out the liquid into Brian's hand.

Brian chuckled lightly as Michael shook his ass as if he was backing into a garage. He knew Michael wanted him to grab his hips, holding them still as a guide. But… no… not now. Now was the time for foreplay. Of getting Michael as high as he could be without entering him. Brian wanted to know his edge of control. He wanted to be sure the barriers he broke down are secure enough to emerge again for another round. He requested a good dollop of lube.

Michael knew he was in for a treat. He was ready, prepared for rear entry, but Brian had other ideas… and he was willing. So beyond willing at this moment. The pressure Brian placed on Michael's back was minimal, but he sunk as fast as he had gotten up oon his knees.

Brian slid his body over Michael's leg, kisses going up the backs of his thighs and spine. There was licking, which was followed by a puff of air, making the moisture tickle. When Brian was lined up, body part for body part, he tucked a knee between Michael's legs and spread them. His rigid organ found the niche and settled comfortably, but not for Michael.

It was a terrible tease. A play on what was to come for Michael that he couldn't bear for much longer because he could feel the pulse, its heat. He felt the thickness on his skin and he knews… in a few more minutes the elongated flesh would be forced inside him, stretching until it was painful then pleasurable… and he almost couldn't wait.

But… Brian was here. He had come home to their bed and he was here. Michael would do anything… he would wait another thousand years for moments like these.

Brian never used foreplay for much longer than necessary. He could tell when Michael was ready. He had been nudged by the quivering ass cheeks calling out for him to seek his gratification. He needed a few more minutes to secure Michael under him. He knew his organ's length could hurt and he refused to do that to Michael. He widened the legs more, his palms pressed down on the mattress, underneath Michael's arms. There could be no movement from the man under him, Brian has imprisoned Michael simply by using his own body frame.

The coolness of the lubed fingers sweetly tickled. They surrounded the anus and teased. First one entered, Michael fell back. Once the first had enough, he let the second and third one join in. Each new finger caused Michael to jerk with intensity. He knew Brian was attempting to prepare him for his thickness, knowing how sore he could get afterwards.

With the lubing finished, Brian started his teasing of Michael's pliant body. Brian bit, nipped… he tasted the sweat at Michael's nape and hairline. He placed his cheek on the raven hair, lost in the softness. Better than his favorite pillow. He had been moving slowly, up and down, raising and lowering his cock along the inside of Michael's thighs. He wished he could touch Michael's cock, knowing it was as hard and leaking of precum as his was.

At hearing his name sweetly called out on a whisper of breath, Brian slid through the tight anal cavity, causing Michael to suck in air. They both wanted this since before he left for Babylon and it's beyond either of their imaginations of how the sexual action would feel. The shock of the sensation… of skin on skin… of cock drawn up… the mesh of sweaty bodies… it's almost too much.

Brian filled Michael as fully as he could, without cumming unexpectedly in the tip of the rubber. He could insert less of an inch more, but he had to stop. God… he had always been able to withstand multiple orgasms, multiple times, with multiple partners. Why was it that with Michael--why does he feel like cumming the second he was inside? Why does he feel satisfied with one fuck? Why?… why?… why…? No answer would enter his head because he was too involved in the moment, and he doesn't ever want to miss a thing.

Michael felt like sobbing from the pleasure. It was like nothing he had ever felt before. He hated it from behind because he loved Brian's eyes and treasured his features delicate nuances. Without being able to look at Brian's face, Michael's almost able to disbelieve this was actually Brian. So many lovers, wishing they were Brian. But as he took the thick cock up his ass, felt the strong chest over his back and heard the whisper of his name on Brian's lips in his ears. He knew it was a dream come true and he wanted to sob… but this time not for pleasure, but for pain. A good pain. A nice, warm, good pain. Bittersweet pain. Too long of a time to have waited for a heaven like this. He ached… as he tried to regulate his breathing.

Brian felt the hand reach behind him, catching his head, fingers tangling in his hair. He knew now… Michael wanted to change this position. He waited and they rose together. As they lifted, they move closer. Brian could penetrate harder, faster and Michael leaned backward to reach out for the headboard. His palms were flat on the wood. He pushed, checking for durability.

"Do it." Michael begged, his lips dry… his mouth watering.

"Michael… no…" Brian wasn't willing to do this because he knew right now that Michael was so tight. He won't be able to take much more.

"You know you want to. I want you to. Do. It." Michael bears down, expecting the powerful rush of flesh.

Brian didn't know if he could, but for Michael… he would attempt anything once. But if Michael showed any sign of unbearable pain, he promised himself he would stop and pull out. He had to assure Michael of something before he began. Let him know he was safe and they can end this now, if he wanted. He wasn't loved for his sexual prowess. He was loved because he was… Michael. Dipping his head near Michael's ear, Brian tucked his face to Michael's cheek. "I love you."

"I know." Michael smiled sweetly, showing Brian every inch of his trust with his body. He opened wider to take in everything Brian had to give him. As Brian slipped away, he managed to snag his jaw. "I.Love.You."

This was the declaration Brian needed to know that everything was all right. That anything was possible. Even someone unconditionally loving a selfish bastard like him.

Brian began slowly, pounding in one stroke… two strokes… three. Each time going deeper. He figured out a smooth rhythm, which Michael's learned quickly and their bodies moved in tandem. Their conduction was flawless… Brian modeled his frame to Michael's. His hands on Michael's, his arms along Michael's, his chest to Michael's back. Who knew who came first, but neither of them knew they were finished.

They fell back. Brian took Michael safely in his arms, holding him to his chest… his erratically beating heart nearly exploding out of his skin. He lay on his back, soaked in the pleasure of after-sex. Of still being inside Michael… pulsating and spent…

Michael doesn't move, because it had been too perfect. It was where he had wanted to be all his life. Where he knew he had belonged. If he moved, Brian would… and he didn't want to let go of Brian just yet.

Brian didn't want to close his eyes, because he feared if he did Michael will just disappear. And if that happened, Brian knew his life was over.

Brian held Michael tightly to his shivering body, Michael closed his eyes and lay content against Brian's strong, enveloping arms.

Michael didn't move a muscle, but he knew he couldn't because Brian had him – captive, in more ways than one.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

"So tell me. What was it about? What I said? Uh… earlier. Pertaining to that… wait, I liked how you said it… 'lust feve-h'… that overcomes us. One or the other, or both. You know, at the oddest of times."

They were both still naked, post third or fourth orgasm. They weren't keeping track or watching the time. They had catnapped during the in between minutes. This was the precious time they knew they had for conversations, once they had been fully satisfied, ready to allow sleep to overcome them or just simple peace and quiet. Their bed was always their place for solving problems and figuring out how to make their lives better. Plus… it was really the only safe place for them to be connected and close, skin on skin, locked in their embraces. Kissing, touching, loving in plain sight.

Michael was laying on his back, light bed sheet drawn up to his waist. Brian was beside him, on his stomach, his right leg was tucked between Michael's. The skin on their biceps were touching, merely skimming. Brian was resting his cheek on a pillow. If he was hopeful enough, Michael knew pretty soon Brian would shift over to his pillows. Usually didn't matter how they started, always in the end they shared pillows, blankets, bed space. "Simple really." He shrugged as if it had been staring him directly in the eyes. "I don't know why neither of us could figure it out."

Brian leant over, near Michael's ear. "Is it kinky?" He was back on his pillow, grin stuck on his face.

Michael scrunched up his face. "No. Rather boring." Brian reached out a lazy hand to press his index finger on Michael's crinkly nose tip. He almost didn't seem bothered by the touch. "You see… I'm pretty sure when we met…"

"… it was love at first sight." Brian filled in the blank spot, trailing the finger down the slope of flesh under Michael's nose, tracing the full lips.

Michael laughed, grabbing Brian's hand and spreading the fingers on his bare chest. "So… it was the same for you?" His brain even amazed himself at times. "Wow. I actually guessed on that one." He petted Brian's hand.

Brian scooted over, knowing Michael might keep his hand for awhile. "You know, you have this thing about you. I'd call it a 'glow', but that sounds really gay. So, I'm gonna go with… 'essence'. You have a strong essence."

"Why… thank you. Compliments aren't required, but I'll take them nonetheless." Michael rubbed his hand up and down Brian's arm, shaping the soft muscles.

"Sorry…" Brian shook his head, tucking his face to Michael's shoulder, finally taking pillow space. Michael simply moved a bit more to his left. "… I distracted you. Go on."

Michael was patient. "Don't ask me why we waited so long to try to be together-together. Like a couple. It's almost like we felt the 'urge'… the want… the primal need for the other person. Before, when we tried to pursue the feelings, something prevented us from going beyond a certain point. Now that we're exclusive to one another--"

Brian lifted his head, drawing up his right arm to lay his head on top of his hand. "… when the 'urges' strike, we go for it. No holds barred." One finger began to drum on Michael's rib, caressing the soft skin.

"Yeah, but I had a better way of putting it.'

"Oh?" Brian raised an eyebrow curiously.

"We are making up for lost time."

"You think either of us has come to this bed with guilt?" Brian bent to Michael's ear. "Because… I'm not." He ended the point with a kiss to the drying skin.

Michael shook his head, letting his head tilt left, looking across the room. "I'm not either." Why did he feel so free with his honesty? When he hadn't been in a relationship like this with Brian, he had hid this kind of stuff for years. Hmm… very peculiar.

"Good. I'm assuming I got tired of nearly driving myself bat-shit crazy, stopping from feeling the way I do about you, about us. What we have now. I thought for sure it would scare me. The unknown… the surface mundane…"

"… the freedom of safely placing your trust in another's hands." Michael supplied his own reasoning.

"Yeah, if anything, you are more aware of me these days than you ever were." Brian was fascinated by how well Michael "fit" him, in more than one way. "It's like you can almost sense what I'm about to say or do before I even think about doing it."

"… like an orchestrated symphony." Michael added.

"… or a well choreographed dance." Brian followed Michael's addition.

"In those first few days of you staying here, I thought the sex -- not just the nights you and I made love…" Michael turned on his side, sidling closer to Brian's chest. Michael's legs now sneaking for the space in between Brian's thighs. "… but sex, in general… I figured we were squeezing in nearly twenty years of unrequited sexual tension. Like we were afraid it wouldn't last. If we both wanted this relationship bad enough… it would disappear before we got to experience all that we wanted, had hoped for."

“And now?” Brian wrapped his arm secure about Michael's waist, pulling him flush with his pelvis. "What changed your mind in this new theory?"

Michael felt chilled for only a second, before he bowed his head, snuggling his entire body into Brian's blanket of flesh. He kissed the inside slope of Brian's shoulder, moving his nose along the neckline. "You." He licked, and blew on the moistness.

"Me?! What did I do?!" Brian liked to sound shocked. He probably already knew, but hearing the words from Michael always assuaged the frightened emotions.

"What you keep on doing. For me. For Jenny. You're there for us. Not just in the ways most dutiful parents are, but even more. You come into this house, even after a tough day at work and it's like you've left every worry at the door. You come to me in this bed and you finally see… me." Michael never lifted his head once to look at Brian's face. "Most importantly… my daughter, Jenny… you've given her an incredible outlet for her feelings. You've given her validation for emotions she's supposed to not have. And you've allowed her into your life, handing her one of the most selfless, precious gifts you gave to me… your friendship."

Brian pressed a palm to the back of Michael's head, fingers caught in the tangles. "Michael, don't…"

“No, let me speak.” Michael pushed away, looking over at Brian whose eyes had dropped. "Because I think too many times we've tried to respect one our spaces and be more sensitive than we ought to be. The worst thing you or I could ever do now is leave something unsaid. Or think the other person doesn't need the words to be spoken. It's important for each of us to know what we've done and what we mean to one another." He reached out to pet Brian's cheek, his thumb moving over the rough stubble.

Brian nudged into Michael's palm. "You're so much better at this stuff than I am."

Michael went back to sinking into Brian's chest, but kept his head higher on the pillow. His eyes connected with hazel depths, heads laying on the same plushness. "I had a better childhood environment than you did. My feelings weren't labeled as 'useless shit'. I had a life that cultivated being true to your feelings and becoming honest to a fault, no matter the consequences.'

Brian shut his lids, shifting slightly to mesh his forehead with Michael's, seeking solace. "Even looking back on my childhood… I envied you, immensely. I didn't really need the father bits, but what I mostly resented was losing Mom." He shook his head as if he was still trying to figure out what he did wrong, even at thirty-nine. The kisses Michael was giving him, on his skin, made it a little tolerable. "That's why I clung to Debbie more than I should have. I thought you had a great mother, until I could see for myself what the word… 'smothering' meant. But I would have given everything for Mom to treat me like Debbie treated me." Brian heaved a sigh of lost regrets he couldn't fulfill. "Took me the longest to warm up to Vic." He smiled, his heart growing soft at the mere thought of Michael's sweetheart of an uncle. "Maybe because I was what he used to be, before he got sick. Cock of the Walk… struttin' like it was nobody's business what he had cooked up. And we idolized him like a freakin' rockstar." Brian felt tears pooling, opening his eyes to see Michael was similarly moved. "God… do you remember how he looked back then?" At Michael's smile and nod, he went on. "He was sa-mo-hokin' hot!" He knew Vic was an emotional heartbreaking subject for them both to approach. So he always did… cautiously.

Michael rolled over, onto his back, loving when Brian situated his body to fit around him on his shuffle. "Yeah! I'd seen him in normal clothes, every day. But then he'd go out at night and… whoa! Never failed to knock me for a loop to see him dressed up in his 'party clothes'."

"Travolta in 'Saturday Night Fever'… had nothing on Vic. In fact, he would have worshiped the ground Vic strutted on." Brian found himself admiring the older man more and more as he, himself, became older.

"Poor Vic." Michael chuckled, thinking back to that sad, pathetic time in their lives. "Instead, he had us two… Vic's Boys, he used to call us. The Irish Mick and The Italian--"

Brian shook Michael lightly, teasing him shamelessly. "Pony… oh gawd… The Italian Pony. That's right… he'd wink, nudge you with his hip and say, 'One day, son, you'll grow up to be a stallion'. It took everything in me to not crack up laughing at your face as he said it."

Michael was lost in his own embarrassment. "Oh, yeah… you can laugh. Like my nickname didn't cause me enough shame. Sheesh. Do you remember those stories he told us? Those straight clubs in New York and Los Angeles… orgy VIP sections that would make your toes curl, your body shiver with chills. Somewhat like Studio 54... gone abstractly wild."

"… every one of them chock full of romper-room gay sex and an abundancy of rooms pouring with illegal drug use. Well, for those times. Jesus…" Brian looked off into the distance, still marveling Vic had survived those times to tell some pretty dark secrets. "… we think Babylon was crazy."

"I know…" Michael was amazed Vic had made it out alive, sick but surviving.

Brian let his head fall to Michael's, softly pushing. "I miss him… you know." He searched for one of Michael's hands, needing to grasp his fingers, play with the digits.

"I do. More and more as I get older." Michael frowned, not sure if he felt like crying or if his heart just expanded more from feeling the intense love for his beloved uncle, who had been more of a father to him than his own. "Especially for Jenny. He would have adored her."

Brian reached over and wrapped he and Michael's own arm about Michael's waist. "Yeah, he found ways to make me proud of being my own father to Gus. He liked the kid. Sometimes I--if I'm quiet enough, and I close my eyes tight, concentrating--" He sighed, trying that exact maneuver, but failing.

"He's with us. Always."

"You really believe he loved us that much?" Brian wasn't trying to sound doubtful, he was simply amazed the emotion had been there. Vic didn't speak it, you almost felt it or he said it in his words to you. And they didn't have to be a lot of wordy-words -- just enough to make you turn your head and think, even when you thought you had thought through it all.

Michael chuckled, because this very idea had always helped him cope with the great loss upon Vic's death. "Who do you think is watching over us now? Helping us… guiding us… getting us through our tough times?"

Brian dipped his head, finding a spot to rest his cheek on Michael's shoulder, squeezing the small body to his warmth. "I like that. It's a comforting thought."

"It's kept me strong. Knowing Vic would support us together, no matter what."

Brian smiled sweetly, feeling his agreement spread through his body. "Hey… do you think he had a 'might have been'?"

Michael tilted his head, his cheek landing on top of Brian's head. "Do I think Vic had a 'Michael'… to his `Brian'?" His arm came up and encircled Brian's body to his side.

"Uh, okay… sure. Don't know that I like sounding as if I were a 'textbook scenario'. But yeah, I do." Brian was actually more sure as he continued to think on the facts they already had.

"Think we may have already met him?"

“I don't know.” Brian had to recall too many faces to begin to make choices. "Before he got really sick, Vic had a lot of random boyfriends."

For a minute, Michael responded with an idea in his head. "Wouldn't it be cool if we tried to look for him?"

“He could be dead.” Brian shrugged, sighing heavily. "He could have been The One who infected Vic."

Michael forgot about his freaky idea and moved on to something else. "Do you know I don't really know how Vic became infected. One day Ma just crumbled to the floor, right before me. Like she'd known the day would come."

Brian wasn't really ignoring Michael, he simply remained back with Michael's original idea. "Or he could be very much alive. He's been wondering, all this time, where Vic went. If so, did he know Vic was sick? Was he worried about him? Or did Vic break his heart too and never shared his secret? Better still… did Vic tell him and his 'Michael' rejected him, without a breadth of understanding thus breaking his hear--" He knew he had gone off on a tangent, so he lifted his head to stare down at Michael. "I heard what you said."

"I know, but… whoa… can of worms, here!" Michael wanted to laugh out loud. He had actually heard passion behind Brian's voice as he had spoken those scenarios. “Are you writing a novel or something?”

"No." Brian let his eyes drop to Michael's pale skin, attention to a gathering of freckles. "I leave that drivel to writers. Like you and your ex-Benjamin." He hoped that covered his slip.

"Ben is 'mine' no more." Michael made a face with minimal grief, more like… bewilderment.

"Oh? Benny found a new disciple to worship at the Altar of Pecks?”

Michael cracked up laughing, his belly wiggling. He shoved at Brian's shoulder. "Stop!" He wasn't bothered by the news of Ben having a "boyfriend". It was just how fast he had found a new replacement for Michael at his side. Had Ben already been scoping out prospects? "I was a little stunned when Hunter told me. Mind you, I tried to play it like I had known already."

"I think you do. Or… we do. Betcha it's that prissy professor friend Ben had over when we brought Jenny home a month ago. You remember?"

"HIM?" Michael didn't doubt it, but… that guy? "Really? You think?"

"Sometimes, Michael, like minds attract." Which wasn't a very good example for them. "Hey, they probably find special time to stroke one anothers'… uh, egos." Brian winked in a very special tease to show Michael he knew Ben's taste in men seemed to be getting worse.

Michael rolled his eyes and tried to figure something out. "He was so-so--"

"Puffy? Poofy? Stuffy?" Brian thought about more adjectives.

Michael looked into Brian's face, searching for something. "He did wear a lot of wool."

"He owned a Lexus SUV. He might own his own herd of sheep."

Michael shoved Brian, trying to sit up against his pillows. "Have you ever been with someone long enough that after you leave them, you attempt to compare yourself to their new… interest?"

Michael was never one to assume Brian considered Justin anything close to a serious relationship. He knew Brian used it in these circumstances as his best, most recent example of what resembled a relationship in his eyes. And Michael wasn't offended. He figured he owed Justin a few “thank you-s”, just--he wished Justin hadn't been there. Been there and stolen so many special moments he wished he could have been there for Brian. If anything, Michael had tried to instill in the boy that if he wanted Brian as his "boyfriend" so badly… he had to act like one and respect Brian's heart. Unfortunately, Justin couldn't grasp that Brian had a special sticker on how to handle him with care, and patience hadn't been one of the boy's strongest virtues. He prepared himself for a few minutes of hearing Justin's name.

"Justin… with The Fiddler. That was enough to confuse me." Brian knew Justin was a sore subject between them. He had grown to wanting to talk about his years with the young man more with Michael. Only so he could tell Michael how he wanted to do things differently and not fuck up so badly. But… Justin was a no-no word he treaded on lightly.

Michael slunk out of Brian's reach, drawing his knees up to his chest. The sheet still covering his lower limbs. "I heard through the grapevine that David actually went back to his wife. He tried to work it out with her, for Hank's sake."

Brian was a tad thankful, yet… stunned. "You made a misguided straight man, who tried to be gay for more than seven years… go 'straight' again? Whoa… you win this round."

Michael simply stared at Brian, until he lowered his silly grin. "Think Justin found someone new?"

"Don't know, don't care. I hope so, though." Brian shifted, knowing for the few minutes of Justin's name being uttered, he couldn't touch Michael. So he sat up against his own pillows, a few inches from Michael's side. He kept his hand on the mattress between them, hoping Michael would subtly scoot over to touch him. He could wait… maybe… "The last thing I want…" He shut his eyes, letting his head rest on the headboard, looking up at the canopy portion of the bed frame. "… is him coming back and thinking he can simply begin again with me."

Michael was taken aback by the conviction behind Brian's voice. He could almost believe Brian was fully over Justin. He followed Brian's move of leaning back on the headboard, then turned his head to stare over at Brian, who could feel his eyes burning into him.

Brian put out a hand. “I know very well that I wouldn't. I'm with somebody else."

Michael realized he was too quiet, too serious. Possibly scaring Brian. He couldn't do this, in their bed. "Oh… who?"

"oh, har-har... you are so… not funny." Brian tried not to laugh, even at his own fallacies.

"But you laughed." Michael sent Brian a sweet smile of reassurance. “I heard you.”

Brian slid over, on his knees. He seated himself in front of Michael. "Michael… look at me." He caught the tip of Michael's chin, forcing him to look in his eyes. "I.Wouldn't."

Michael didn't move to hold Brian, he felt how he always felt hearing about Justin and the life that Brian could have had without him. "I know. I heard you before."

Brian wasn't going to move his eyes from Michael's gaze. It was the only way for Michael to know he was telling a truth. Eyes… he knew how much Michael loved his eyes. "I need to know that you believe me. I'm not straying. Ever. You've got me trained too well." He tried to tease, but it wasn't making Michael become any happier.

"Man!" Michael let his arms fall to the bed in mild frustration. "Not you, too! I wish I didn't have to hear all these dog scenario words and analogies… tamed, trained, on a tight leash, straying… in accordance with you!"

Brian heard the way Michael attempted to stick up for his reputation, loving the way his anger could work. Being pissed at Brian, yet still protective with everything in him. Even in simple word placement. "Well… it figures. They already think you've followed me for years like a puppy dog."

Michael's unbent his knees, his legs pushing at Brian's body. "You are here…" He pounded a fist on the mattress. "… by your own free will."

"Free will? What's that?" Brian taunted, a side of his mouth lifting in a tease. He pulled the sheet over his body, moving his legs to lay along Michael's and on top of them. He was hovering over the small frame. He was being allowed back in Michael's realm. He liked these moments, the push-n-pull of Michael's emotions… frustrations and desires. He swung his body down, fully on top of Michael, palms on either side of Michael's arms. He felt the hands clench his hips, keeping him close and closer.

"Okay… I don't doubt you won't stray from me, but can you, at least, stop referring to yourself like a dog?"

"Yes, Michael." Brian dipped low to press a tender kiss to Michael's hairline, beginning a trail along the side of his face, coming up around his jaw, ending at the chin… desperately wanting the lips again…

Michael was keen to Brian deepest needs… and kept his mouth out of reach.

Oooo , clever... Brian thought to himself, two could play at this game . He took his left index finger, starting from the dip in Michael's throat, tracing an imaginary curvy line. It sloped down the upper torso, around a pert nipple, up and down the middle of his ribcage, settling around his abdomen, then curling and twisting the light hairs leading down into the crest of dark pubic hair.

"I'll agree…" Brian knew if he glanced into Michael's face the dark brown eyes would look almost black. Pleasure was awesome on Michael's handsome features. Licking a circumference of the exposed nipple and teasing the tip, he lightly blew. "… if you accept my promise…"

Michael lifted up, face hidden in Brian's tousled hair. He discovered the curve of an ear lobe and took a taste, whispering low with want. "… Brian… yes…" He begged for pleasure, knowing he could get what he wanted if he just succumbed to the acceptance of an easy promise. "… do I have to do anything?"

Brian shook his head. He shifted, deft at grabbing both their hardening shafts, rubbing and sending friction up their bodies in sync. "Just stand around and look pretty…" He stole a kiss on Michael's open mouth. His wet lips slipping down Michael's neck, nipping and suckling the pale beauty of white skin and blue veins. "I promise…" He stuttered, his own eyes fluttering between opening and closing. His breath wafting over Michael's naked flesh. "… that if anyone… namely the unnameable one… re-enters my life…" He didn't know what he had begun, but he could sense his growing want to be inside of Michael once again. "… our world… I will be the one to reveal our relationship…" He let go of Michael's cock, unable to want to speak another word. He grabbed Michael's hands, trapping the wrists on the pillow. "Oh… gawd… I want you… again… need you…" He pushed once against Michael's groin, using a leg to spread Michael's thighs. "Sorry…"

"Don't be." Michael moaned, arching his neck. "I want you, too. I need you… again…" He could almost melt at the desire stewing around in him to be let out. He pretended to fight under Brian's weak trap.

"If you want… I know some cheap advertising rent space…" Brian nudged Michael's cheek, murmuring in his ear.

"Do you know?"

"What?"

Michael was lifting his legs, up and around Brian's waist, allowing him access. "He's not in their wedding, but he's on the guest list."

Brian was momentarily confused. Who was he again? "He's invited to Ted and Blake's nuptials?" Justin wasn't really on his mind right now. He wanted to forget that life and concentrate on the present and the future with the gorgeous man under him.

"Yes!" Michael groaned out on a rise of pleasure.

"Oh…" Brian faltered against Michael's undulation against his body.

"Yeah…" Michael let out a quick breath, awkwardly reaching for a condom.

Brian took the rubber to sheath himself as quickly as he could. "Any RSVP, yet?" He really wished they would both shut up.

"Ted hasn't said. I haven't asked. Not on my mind."

"Mine either. Ted would love to rub it in my face. No doubt."

"Yeah… so… you might have to keep that promise…" Michael begged this time with his eyes, reaching up to bite at Brian's skin above him, licking the sweat.

"Oh… I will." Swiftly, Brian entered Michael. "… I will." He rolled once on a slide into Michael's center, allowing the small man control. Once releasing Michael's wrists he reached back, fingertips on the wooden headboard. He was relieved when Michael didn't rise above him, riding out the euphoria and plunging down savagely on his hardening cock. He moved one hand, palm down to place gentle pressure on Michael's gyrating hips, fingers scraping down and fondling their tight connection.

Michael squeaked against his lips, their tongues battled for dominance. He shuddered at the feel of Brian caressing him where he was penetrating. Michael never moved from his adherence to Brian's naked chest. As if sweat had power to turn to glue.

Michael lay his right cheek over Brian's heart, content with listening to the erratic pulses churning through Brian's body under his control of their position. Michael's own organ lay hard and crooked between their perspiring stomachs. "Your other hand…"

"Yeah…" Brian removed his hand from Michael's ass and did his lover's bidding. "… I'm already there."

~~TBC...