Entry tags:

fandom: cw rps, fic: miss(ter) congeniality, genre: au, genre: crack, genre: humor, genre: prompt/challenge response, genre: romance, pairing: jared/jensen, rating: nc-17

When Jared finally managed to track Jensen down, he found him in the hotel gym. The place was deserted this late in the night—or early in the morning—and Jensen enjoyed the solitude. He was able to focus on his breathing, on the steady beat of his footfalls, until all his other frustrations faded into the background. It was a good place for Jensen to think, and he had a lot on his mind.

He had been running on the treadmill for quite some time. Sweat was dripping from his flushed face and hair, and his shirt was soaked and clinging to his chest and back. Jensen heard the soft click of the door as Jared entered the gym, but he gave no indication of it, just kept pounding away at the treadmill.

Jared stood there for a while, and Jensen watched him from the corner of his eye. Jared looked nervous, his hands tucked in his pockets and his eyes glued to the side of Jensen's head. When he finally spoke, it wasn't quite what Jensen had been expecting.

"I'm broke."

Jensen didn't bother to check the quizzical look he shot Jared's way. Jared's mouth worked itself into an uncomfortable-looking grimace, then he answered Jensen's silent question. "I lost my company. My partner sold it behind my back. He just—I guess there was some clause in my contract or something. I didn't get any of the money. If I hadn't taken this job—" he trailed off abruptly when he realized Jensen had stopped the treadmill and was just watching him. "Look, I'm…I'm not normally like this, but I just didn't want to screw this up. It seems like that's all I can do lately. So, I'm sorry I screwed this up, too."

Jensen waited, and when it didn't seem like Jared had anything more to say, Jensen grabbed a towel and scrubbed the sweat from his face. It would be a lot easier to stay mad, to brush off Jared's apology and call it quits. But Jensen had a job to do, and after what Jensen had said about Jared not taking risks, he knew it had to have taken guts to seek Jensen out and open up like this. Plus, Jensen liked to think he was a big enough person to admit when he made mistakes, too.

"Naw, Jared. You didn't screw this up," he said, wiping down the back of his neck. "You were right. I just…I guess I'm not really good with the whole…" he waved his hand in a vague motion that could have meant anything from 'the whole male beauty pageant thing' to the Macarena. "Apparently, I need to come out of my shell." He concluded, offering Jared a self deprecating smile.

The corners of Jared's mouth quirked up in response, and Jensen could actually see the tension leave his body. "Yeah?" At Jensen's nod, Jared's smile grew and he took a few steps forward. "Good. Because I gotta tell you man, I don't think you should try so hard to cover this up." He accompanied the statement with a small sweeping motion over Jensen, head to toe, and Jensen felt a faint blush stain his cheeks. "Look, I know I've been pushing you these last couple of days, but it's because I believe in you. I think you can do this."

"Uh, did you miss the memo?" Jensen half smiled. "I'm already in the top five. There's not much reason for me to push myself in the competition."

"Maybe," Jared agreed. "But while you're here, don't you think you owe it to yourself to at least try?"

Jensen twisted the gym towel in his hands. The truth was, he'd been wondering if he had it in him to really pull this off. It would be the ultimate one up on all the guys who'd ever given him the brush off. Still, there was that lingering doubt in the back of his head that he'd just wind up making a fool of himself.

As if sensing his thoughts, Jared said, "Don't think of it as being judged on your looks, okay? I mean, you're hot enough to blow all those other guys out of the water, but that's not what this is about."

Jensen bent his head to hide his blush, and damn, he really hated that Jared could get to him like that with such a casually offered compliment. Covering his embarrassment, he offered up a sarcastic, "Are you sure? Because last time I checked, this was actually a beauty pageant."

"I'm not gonna lie, Jensen, looks are a huge part of this, but there's other stuff too. Why do you think they have you jump through all those hoops in the first place? They want to make sure that you're more than just some pretty face." He took a step closer and put his hands on Jensen's arms, and it felt oddly reassuring. "This is the kind of stuff you do everyday, man. The interview is all about intelligence and keeping cool under pressure. Talent is about being well rounded, and the black tie is about style and sophistication, which you have now thanks to me," he finished brightly.

Jensen raised a skeptical eyebrow. "Oh yeah? And what's the swimsuit competition supposed to be?"

Jared grinned, then maneuvered Jensen in front of the full length mirror. He stood behind Jensen, hands on his shoulders, framing Jensen's body with his. Jensen looked at himself, then he met Jared's eyes in the mirror. Gaze practically drilling into Jensen, Jared leaned over and whispered against the shell of Jensen's ear, "Confidence. It's about confidence, Jen." Jared's breath ghosting over his skin and the easy use of his nickname made Jensen's pulse quicken. "And if you ask me, you don't have anything to worry about." With that, Jared slipped out the way he came, leaving Jensen standing in front of the mirror, trying to see what Jared saw.

Jensen let his gaze travel over his own body, taking in the way his skin still glowed with sweat and the way his t-shirt clung to his chest, defining his athletic build. He might have even flexed a muscle or two, but then quickly looked around to make sure no one was watching. By the time he headed back to his room for a shower and some sleep, he was feeling better, almost calm.

Yeah, he could definitely do this.

***

"Oh my god, I can't do this!" Jensen clenched the towel tight around his waist. "I feel like a Chippendale's dancer! All I need is the little bow tie and breakaway spandex pants!"

Jared just shoved another handful of gummy bears—Jensen's gummy bears—in his mouth. Jensen scowled at Jared's reflection in the mirror, trying in vain to light Jared's perfectly coifed hair on fire with just the heat of his gaze. "You look fine, Jensen," Jared said for the fifteenth time. "Whatever happened to coming out of your shell?"

"Yeah, well, there's a reason some things have shells in the first place," Jensen grumbled. "So they can cover up!" A guy walked by wearing a pair of green swim trunks, and Jensen pointed at him with the hand not frantically clutching his towel. "See! Why does Georgia get to wear trunks and I have to wear this?"

"Because you're sexier than Georgia," Jared said around a mouthful of colorful candy.

That made Jensen pause in his tirade. "Really?" When Jared just shrugged and nodded, Jensen opened his towel just enough to look at himself in the mirror. The suit Jared had picked out was a black, box cut speedo that left very little to the imagination. Jensen frowned. "I feel like a reject from a fifties beach party movie."

"You look like Cary Grant," Jared said, then unceremoniously whisked away Jensen's towel. "Now quit your bitching or I'll make you wear the red thong I have stashed away in my bag of tricks."

Jensen saw his own eyes get as wide as saucers in the mirror. "You're bluffing."

Jared just smiled and munched on Jensen's gummy bears. "It's from my personal collection," he said, smile growing to evil proportions. "Red was the closest I could find to pink."

While Jensen's mind stuttered to a halt over that particular mental picture, Jared stepped up behind him and looked critically at Jensen's reflection. "Hmm, it needs something…" After a moment's consideration, Jared rolled up the now almost empty bag of gummy bears, then reached around and shoved it down the front of Jensen's suit.

Jensen felt his rather high pitched yelp was completely justified.

"Don't take it personal," Jared said, already leading Jensen to the stage. "Your equipment seems fine, more than fine, but with the dark suit and the stage lights, I figured you could use a little extra definition."

"Yeah, well, warn me the next time you feel like shoving your hand down my pants!"

Jared smirked. "Where's the fun in that?" Jensen opened his mouth to reply, but by now they'd reached the stage and Jensen took an instinctive step back, suddenly finding his shoulders coming up against Jared's chest like a wall. "Now remember, you're coming out of your shell. Think of, um…think of oysters, and snails, and hermit crabs."

Jensen automatically struggled against the insistent hand pushing him towards the stage. "Wouldn't thinking of something like butterflies be more appropriate?"

Jared snorted. "Sure, Jen. Go be a pretty butterfly." Then he shoved Jensen bodily onto the stage.

Jensen flailed a little as he stumbled onstage, but he quickly collected himself and tried very hard not to fidget or think about the fact that he was pretty much naked in public. He watched the guy in front of him hit his mark and pause while the announcer called out, "Georgia!" to raucous applause. As Georgia exited the stage, Jensen started his approach, dreading the crowd's reaction. He held his shoulders back and tried not to look as terrified as he felt, muttering under his breath, "Hermit crabs, oysters, butterflies." The bright stage lights were in his eyes as he walked towards his spot on the stage, feeling panic bubble up in his chest. He just had to get through this. It would all be over soon and Jensen could just chalk it up as one of the most mortifying experiences of his life and move on. He fought back the urge to flee as he stepped into the light and the announcer's voice boomed, "Texas!" over the speakers.

The immediate wolf whistles and catcalls made Jensen gasp a little in surprise. He noticed a woman down front holding up a handmade sign that said, "Don't mess with Texas, because he's all mine!" As the reality of the situation hit him, Jensen felt a tomato red blush bloom over his entire body, and he immediately felt ridiculous, but also a little pleased. He ducked his head to hide his smile and rubbed the back of his neck self consciously. Somehow that just made the crowd go wilder.

Jensen exited the stage to find Jared waiting for him, a funny little half smirk on his face. "What?" Jensen demanded, no real heat behind it.

Jared shrugged. "Nothing. Just thinking either you really are a pretty, pretty butterfly, or you make one hell of a showy hermit crab."

"Fuck you," Jensen said, unable to mask his grin. "Just for that, I'm keeping the gummy bears."

***

The next day, Jensen was still thinking about butterflies, but these were the kind that fluttered around in his gut and really just made him want to throw up. He groaned and clutched at his stomach. Jared and Sandy hovered close by.

"If you're gonna puke, make sure you do it before you go onstage," Jared advised helpfully. Jensen decided if he felt the bile rising, he was aiming for Jared's fancy new shoes.

Jensen took another look at the stage and grimaced. Tom was out there, finishing up his fire-eating baton routine. This wasn't the official talent competition, since that would be held the night of the final competition. This was just a preliminary showcase for a little added publicity, and, Jensen imagined, a chance for the judges to get an idea for who the real contenders would be.

Sandy petted Jensen's shoulder lightly. "You'll be fine, Jensen. I've heard you sing before. You've got nothing to worry about!"

Jensen fought down another wave of nausea and gaped at her. "You have? When?"

Sandy bit her lip guiltily. "Uh, remember that night we finally cracked the Donahue case? And Chris took the team out to celebrate?"

Jensen groaned. He didn't remember that night, actually. At least not much past the ninth or tenth drink Chris shoved at him. When he'd asked Chris about it the next morning, the man had just given him a cryptic smile that made Jensen certain he didn't actually want to know what had happened that night. Ever.

"Well, you sort of got up on a table with Chris and sang REO Speedwagon," Sandy continued. "And then you puked on Chad," she added, smiling at the memory.

"Oh, god." Jensen buried his face in his hands as his stomach gave a particularly violent twist. Sandy squeezed his elbow in reassurance, but the effect was fleeting since the next thing Jensen knew, she was slinging a guitar over his shoulder. Jensen felt a wave of panic solidify in his throat and he weakly attempted to bat her away, but she ignored him. Sometimes, dealing with Sandy left Jensen feeling like he'd just been run over by a really perky bus.

"C'mon, you went out onstage in that sexy little speedo, and you did great! You can do this. Tell him, Jared!"

Giant hands come up to grip Jensen's shoulders, kneading at the rock hard knots of tension at the base of Jensen's neck. "Hey, it's gonna be okay, Jen. Just remember to breathe."

At Jared's reminder, Jensen let out the breath he didn't even realize he'd been holding. He suddenly felt like he was gasping for air, hyperventilating while Jared continued to try to soothe him with his hands and voice. "Remember what we talked about? I believe in you. I know you can do this, alright?" Onstage, Shannon and Fabio were announcing Jensen's act. Any second now, Jensen would be expected to take the stage and sing the Texas state song in front of hundreds of people. "You'll be great, Jensen. Now go out there and show them what you're made of."

Taking one final deep breath, Jensen stepped out onto the stage, and froze.

***

Afterwards, Jensen sat on the backstage steps, the splintered remains of his guitar cradled in his lap, and contemplated his career possibilities after AD Morgan fired his ass for being the biggest screw up in the history of the department.

Although, in his defense, Jensen was already a little on edge—okay, he'd been freaking out—and security was supposed to check the audience for anything that might be a concealed weapon. Jensen was a well trained agent on high alert, so when he saw a guy in the audience reach inside his jacket pocket and withdraw what looked like a gun, he'd thought fast, and acted on behalf of the contestants he had sworn to protect. At the time, he'd felt completely justified in bringing his guitar crashing down on top of the guy's white Stetson.

Then it turned out the 'gun' was actually a lighter, and well, that was just embarrassing.

Sandy was off talking to the press, doing PR and damage control. Jared was…somewhere. And Jensen was huddled on the steps, head between his hands, seriously considering the idea of running off to Canada and becoming a yak herder. Did they even have yaks in Canada?

A blur of movement caught Jensen's eye, and he looked up to find Shannon stomping towards him, wide eyed and furious. Great, Jensen thought, because clearly, my day hasn't sucked enough.

"What the hell were you thinking?" Shannon hissed as soon as she got within spitting distance.

Jensen was immediately on the defensive. "He had a gun!" Okay, technically it was a gun-shaped lighter, but that should still count.

"This is Texas!" Shannon countered, using a tone that implied she thought Jensen had been the one who'd had a guitar busted over his head. "Everyone has a gun! My florist has a gun!"

"Why the hell do you have a florist?" Jensen asked, only half-faking the shocked confusion in his voice.

Clearly not amused, Shannon leaned close into Jensen's space, dropping her voice to a threatening sneer that Jensen found secretly unsettling. "Listen, you moronic little prettyboy, this is my last chance for a comeback that doesn't involve Dancing With the Stars." Poking Jensen hard in the chest to drive home that she was deathly serious, she continued, "And if you screw this up for me, I will kill you. Do you understand me?"

Jensen swallowed thickly and nodded, keeping his eyes locked on Shannon's. When she made no motion to back off, it left Jensen feeling vaguely like a deer staring into the headlights of an oncoming semi. Then someone else apparently took pity on Jensen and said from just a few feet away, "Shannon."

"What?" She whirled on the intruder, then abruptly lost the acid in her tone. "Oh, it's…um, yes?"

Tom smirked. "Can you give us a minute?"

She looked at Tom, then at Jensen, then back at Tom. "What, with him?" When Tom just raised an impatient eyebrow, she cleared her throat. "Uh, sure." With one final glare in Jensen's direction, she stomped off to terrorize her next victim.

Tom was already sinking down onto the step next to Jensen like he belonged there. Jensen just stared at him, then at Shannon's retreating back. "Dude, how did you do that?"

Tom smiled in a way that made Jensen a little nervous. "Let's just say I took one for the team."

Jensen blinked a few times while he tried to decipher that, then felt his eyes go wide. "Oh my god. You didn't seriously have sex with her?"

"Scariest night of my life, man. But she's been freakishly nice to me ever since, so I consider it mission accomplished."

Jensen just continued to stare. "I don't know whether to be revolted or impressed."

Tom grinned at Jensen's horrified tone. "If it makes you feel any better, I only use my superpowers for good, not evil. I may be from Kansas, but I promise not to drop a house on the witch. Even if I really want to." That brought a small smile to the corner of Jensen's mouth, but it didn't quite reach his eyes. Noticing his mood, Tom turned serious. "So, I'm guessing whiskey isn't gonna cut it this time." He took out a pack of cigarettes and a silver zippo, lighting one up before he held the pack out to Jensen. "I know, they cause cancer. But at this point you look like you'd prefer death."

Jensen hesitated a split second. He hadn't smoked in years, but Tom was right. Jensen would gladly crawl into a dark, scary hole if it meant he wouldn't have to deal with A.D. Morgan's inevitable call tomorrow. Jensen plucked a cigarette from the pack and put it to his lips. Tom expertly flicked open his silver lighter and brought the flame to the tip of Jensen's cigarette, making him feel a little like the chick in some corny old movie. Jensen took a deep breath, inhaling the smoke into his lungs. It felt good, for a split second, before Jensen's lungs suddenly seized and he launched into a coughing fit. Tom patted him on the back while Jensen worked through it. Jensen wiped at his stinging eyes, noticing that Tom's hand lingered a little on his shoulder.

"So, you gonna tell me what that was all about?" Tom asked.

"It's, uh, been a while since I smoked," Jensen wheezed.

Tom laughed good naturedly. "No, not that. I meant what happened onstage earlier."

"Oh." Jensen felt a minor blush creep up the back of his neck at the memory of how his guitar had cracked over that guy's head. "I, uh…I really hate guns," he answered, cringing at his own lameness.

Jensen expected to get an eyeroll and a comment about the strangeness of a pro-gun-control Texan, but instead Tom just smiled and blew out a smoky breath. "That's cool. You fight for what you believe in. I can respect that." Tom took another drag of his cigarette, apparently deep in thought. He idly flicked his lighter open several times, what Jensen assumed to be a nervous habit. When Tom spoke again, it was in a concerned tone. "Why are you even here?" Jensen frowned, confused. "I mean, it just seems like you could be doing something better."

Jensen stared at the glowing tip of his cigarette. Even after his monstrous screw up, Jensen still felt like he was where he was supposed to be. It was his job to protect these guys, but he couldn't say that to Tom, so he changed the subject. "How about you? Why are you here?"

Tom shrugged. "The whole thing's a scholarship program, right? Gotta earn the money somehow. Even if this is all just a superficial dog and pony show."

Jensen quirked a surprised half smile in Tom's direction. Tom broke just about every preconceived notion Jensen had about the kind of guy who would willingly participate in a male beauty pageant. He smoked, he snuck booze into orientation, and he wasn't acting like becoming Mr. United States was his lifelong dream. In fact, most of the guys Jensen had met over the week had taken him by surprise. Jensen had been expecting an army of Ken dolls with empty heads and cookie-cutter smiles, but almost every guy Jensen had met backstage seemed like down to earth, normal guys Jensen might meet back home. Even Jared had amazed him. He hated the thought of anything happening to any of them. He needed to find out who was writing those letters.

Another coughing fit took Jensen by surprise, and this time Tom did roll his eyes. He patted Jensen on the back just like before, and Jensen glared at the glowing cigarette like it had betrayed him. He dropped it and ground it under his heel, muttering, "Now I remember why I gave those up in the first place."

Tom smirked. "Yeah, but sometimes it's okay to indulge a little," he said, voice low, and this time his hand stayed where it was on Jensen's back. If Jensen didn't know any better, he'd think Tom was making a subtle pass at him, but things like that just didn't happen to Jensen. At least, they'd never happened to him before his miraculous make over…

"Jensen," a sharp voice cut into Jensen's thoughts, and when he looked up he was caught off guard by the wave of comfort that washed over him just from the sight of Jared standing there, arms crossed over his chest. "Aren't you going to introduce me?" Jared asked, and Jensen wondered why Jared's voice sounded a little strained.

"Huh? Oh, yeah, sure," Jensen said, standing. "Jared, this is Tom. Tom, this is—"

"Jared Padalecki," Tom finished, holding out his hand. "I'm a big fan."

Jared eyed Tom's hand for a split second before shaking it brusquely. Jensen noticed Tom wince, then shake his fingers out a little when Jared released him. "Always a pleasure to meet a fan," Jared said with a tight smile that quickly vanished. "But I'm afraid I have steal Jensen away now." As soon as the words left Jared's mouth, he had one giant hand wrapped around Jensen's wrist, pulling him along. "Nice meeting you," Jared called, not bothering to look back over his shoulder.

When they were safely out of earshot, Jensen turned to Jared and whispered, "Everything alright?"

"Sure," Jared replied casually, not meeting Jensen's eyes. "Why wouldn't it be?"

Jensen blinked. "Oh, I dunno, maybe because you were acting like a freak back there?" he bit out. "Seriously, Jay, what's going on?"

At that, Jared smiled, flashing his bright white teeth and those dimples that made Jensen a little weak in the knees. "I have a surprise for you."

***

Jensen took in the funky colored lights, the stage, and the badly out of tune melody that was currently assaulting his ears. He stared at Jared with wide eyes. "You brought me to a karaoke bar."

Jared grinned broadly. "Yep."

Jensen took another look at the stage to find a drag queen singing some ABBA song, a brightly lit disco ball rotating above her/his head. "You brought me to a gay karaoke bar."

Jared looked like he was about to explode with barely restrained laughter. "Yep."

"I so want to hurt you right now."

Jared finally threw his head back and burst out laughing, slapping his arm over Jensen's shoulders and holding on for balance. "I knew you'd love it," he announced victoriously. "You go grab us a table. First round's on me." And with that he headed straight for the bar, leaving Jensen to fend for himself.

Jensen found a table in a darker corner and sat down. He eyed the songbook on the table dubiously for several minutes before curiosity got the better of him. The first song on the list was "Barbie Girl" by Aqua. Jensen slammed the binder closed and shoved it to the opposite side of the table.

"You picked out a song yet?" Jared asked when he reappeared, holding two shots in each hand. They were a sickly greenish yellow color, and as Jared set them on the table Jensen eyed them with the exact same look he'd given the songbook.

"Dude, what the hell is that?"

"Liquid courage," Jared said, picking up a shot and offering it to Jensen. "We're gonna cure you of your stage fright one way or another, Jen. Now drink up."

Jensen took the shot from Jared's hand, trying to ignore the spark he felt when their fingers touched. Jared smirked and threw the shot back in one smooth motion, exposing the long line of his throat. He licked his lips clean, then raised one eyebrow when he caught Jensen staring, frozen. "Anytime you're ready, Jennybean."

Jensen narrowed his eyes in a look that clearly said, I hate you. So much. Then he threw his own shot back, barely tasting it except for the tangy, sweet aftertaste it left on his tongue. He licked his lips, trying to catch more of the taste. "Huh. That's actually pretty good. What's in this?"

Jared's eyes belatedly flicked up from Jensen's mouth. "Raspberry vodka and Gatorade," he said, then smiled in a way that was completely evil. "It's called a Gummy Bear Shot."

There was no way Jensen could hold back his answering grin. "You're shittin' me," he said, laughing.

"I shit you not," Jared replied and grabbed the songbook. "Now let's get you drunk and onstage. What do you want to sing first?" He flipped open the binder and his face lit up in childlike glee. "Oh, look! They have Aqua!"

Jensen groaned, but he downed his second shot with a smile.

***

Two hours and many, many shots later, Jared was steadily working through every bubblegum pop song ever recorded, and Jensen had yet to take the stage.

Still, it was hard to feel guilty when he was busy watching Jared shake his gangly, drunken ass to "Oops, I Did It Again." The guy didn't even have to look at the teleprompter once.

Jared exited the stage to a roar of applause Jensen attributed more to Jared's enthusiasm than his talent, then watched as Jared weaved his way back to the table. At least, Jensen thought he was weaving. Jensen was pretty drunk, so Jared could have been walking in a straight line and it was the room that was wobbling.

When he reached the table, Jared waved down the bartender and yelled, "More shots!" before plopping himself down right next to Jensen, a sloppy smile on his face. Jensen couldn't have stopped his answering smile if he'd tried.

"Dude, I am seriously disturbed by the number of Britney Spears songs you know by heart."

"Britney is a greatly misunderstood individual," Jared slurred. It came out sounding like, "mish'nstood invijyual." It was possible Jared was even more drunk than Jensen.

"She's nutty as a fruitcake," Jensen slurred right back.

"That too," Jared agreed brightly. "So, you got a song picked out yet? I'm thinking you should sing 'I'm Too Sexy.' Or 'Bringin' Sexy Back.' Or 'Sexbomb.'"

"I'm thinking you're even crazier than Britney," Jensen replied, blushing a little at the trend of Jared's suggestions. Jensen had flipped through the book a little, and there was one song that had caught his eye, but it would take a hell of a lot more liquid courage before he could get up and sing it.

"And now I'm thinking you're obviously not drunk enough," Jared said, pushing another shot towards Jensen. "C'mon, Jen, we're here for you! And we're not leaving until you get up on that stage."

"Or until one of us passes out," Jensen added, downing the shot. When he looked back at Jared, he was giving Jensen a hangdog, pleading expression that made Jensen squirm in his seat. "Look, I'll get up and sing later," he lied, and Jared's puppy eyes took on a note of skepticism. "I will! I promise." Jared didn't need to know that Jensen was hoping one of them would be passed out under the table before he had to make good on his promise. "Why don't you find another song and keep the crowd warmed up for me, okay Britney?" Jensen suggested, pushing the book at Jared and hoping it wasn't too obviously an attempt at distraction.

Jared continued to look skeptical and suspicious, but then he glanced down at the page of old pop songs that Jensen had marked, and Jensen muttered a secret prayer of thanks for Jared's short attention span and bad eighties pop. Jared was clearly taking his decision between "Like a Virgin" and "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" very seriously. He was deep in thought, the tip of his tongue peeking out between his teeth, and Jensen just had to stop and stare. Jared was gorgeous, but it was more than that. It was something about the way he carried himself with such open honesty, always offering up a genuine smile, as if he was totally at ease in his own skin. He approached life like a kid in a candy store, trusting and maybe a little naïve, even after all that had happened to him. It should have grated on Jensen's own skeptical, slightly jaded personality—and at first it had—but now Jensen found himself drawn to it. Jensen wondered how anyone could have taken advantage of that, like that asshole "partner" Jared had mentioned. If Jensen was ever lucky enough to have someone like Jared…God, Jensen didn't dare complete that thought. Thoughts like that were too dangerous.

Jared looked up, tongue still caught between his teeth, and Jensen knew he'd been caught staring. "What?" Jared asked, nothing but innocent curiosity in his expression. "Do I have something on my face?"

He wiped a hand over his mouth, nearly jabbing a finger up his nose in his drunken state, and Jensen was so focused on not finding it adorable that the question escaped his mouth with a complete bypass of Jensen's brain. "Did you love him?"

Jensen decided the confused frown Jared wore at the question couldn't entirely be blamed on the alcohol. "Huh? Who?"

And here was Jensen's chance to brush it aside, to dismiss the question with a simple "Nevermind" and go on about their business. But Jensen's brain was too busy sloshing around in a pool of vodka to get with the program, so once again his mouth took over. "I mean that guy, your partner. The one who screwed you over." Ouch, Jensen thought. Okay, brain, anytime you want to join the party is okay by me. "I just…I meant…Did you love him?"

Jared was quiet for so long, Jensen almost decided to move on and pretend he'd never asked. Except, well, now that he had asked, he was curious. Jared twirled an empty shot glass on the table with his fingers. "I used to think so, sometimes," he said, badly faking casual. "But now…I'm not sure. I mean, he thought I was just some pretty face, y'know? He never bothered to look deeper." Jared quirked a rueful smile at Jensen, finally meeting his eyes. "It's hard to love someone when they never really see you in the first place."

Apparently, Jensen's brain had descended into unconsciousness without bothering to inform his body, because the next words out of his mouth were, "I think you're more than just a pretty face."

Jared blinked at Jensen's earnest tone. Jensen swallowed hard, suddenly very aware of how close they were sitting. They were pressed up against each other, shoulder to hip to thigh, and Jensen was able to smell the lingering sweetness on Jared's breath as he whispered, "Yeah?" Not trusting his mouth this time, Jensen clamped down on his bottom lip and slowly nodded. Jared's eyes flicked down to Jensen's lip trapped between his teeth. Something dark and almost hungry flashed in Jared's eyes, and it made Jensen's breath catch in his chest. Slowly, Jared began to lean closer. Jensen's lips parted slightly, half in shock and half in anticipation.

It was at that very moment that Jensen's brain chose to come back online, though not in the way Jensen had hoped. "Shannon," he whispered, his revelation coming out as a puff of breath against Jared's lips.

Jared froze, then slowly pulled back to give Jensen a baffled look. "Wow. Way to kill the moment," he muttered.

"No, it's—It's Shannon! It has to be!" Jensen said, so caught up in his own excitement of discovery that he leapt to his feet…and then nearly came crashing back down when the room spun in one magnificently dizzying swirl. Oh, god, he was so drunk.

Jared steadied Jensen as best he could while the world took its own sweet time righting itself. "Okay, you're not making any sense."

"The person writing the letters!" Jensen explained in a rush. "It's Shannon!"

Jared frowned. "I dunno, Jen. I mean, I know she's kind of a bitch and all—"

"Just think about it, Jay," Jensen interrupted restlessly. "The pageant never would have gotten picked up by a major network without all the publicity from the threats, and now this show is almost single-handedly paving the way for Shannon's big comeback. It has to be her! She even threatened me when I almost screwed it up for her!"

Instantly, the steadying hands on Jensen's shoulders where holding him in a vice-like grip. "She what?"

"Yeah, she threatened to kill me right after I made an idiot of myself at the talent competition," Jensen explained, wondering why Jared suddenly looked like he wanted to punch something. Jensen was half tempted to take a few steps out of arms' reach, just in case he started swinging.

"Look, I'll explain on the way," Jensen said, practically dragging a very confused and pissed off Jared in his wake.

"Wait, on the way to where? Jensen, where are we going? Jensen!"

***

"Jen, is this even legal?"

Jensen fumbled with the lock on Shannon's dressing room door, cursing when he slipped up again. Damn gummy bear shots were making it impossible for Jensen to pick the lock. "Not exactly," he answered Jared's question.

"Shit, Jensen! Then why are we even here?"

"Look, we just gotta make sure we don't touch anything. If we find something, then we just cover our tracks and call in an anonymous tip. No big deal." The lock finally turned, and Jensen had to resist the urge to shout his victory into the empty dark. Jensen stepped inside the room, Jared close behind. "Okay, let's get to work."

Jensen immediately went to the small desk in the corner and started rummaging through the drawers. "Do you even know what you're looking for?" Jared whispered, his drunken voice coming out much louder than he obviously intended.

"Something suspicious."

"Very descriptive, thank you," Jared drawled.

"I'll know it when I see it, okay? It'll be something out of place, or hidden, or—" Jensen abruptly stopped when he spied the trashcan. Reaching in, he pulled out a half-burned sheaf of papers resting on top. "Something like this," he announced triumphantly. Jensen squinted at the papers, trying to read the writing, but he couldn't see much in the dark. "I can't make it out."

Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Jared grab a silver lighter off the desk. "Here," he said, flicking on the lighter and holding it close to the papers.

Jensen grabbed the lighter out of Jared's hands and cursed. "Dammit, Jay! What did I say about not touching anything?"

"You were already touching everything! What difference does it make if I—"

But Jared didn't get a chance to finish, because at that moment the cold tip of a gun pressed to the back of Jensen's neck and a woman's voice said, "Don't move."

Jensen froze. That voice didn't belong to Shannon, but it was definitely…familiar. His alcohol addled brain struggled to put the pieces together. "Sandy?" Jensen ventured.

There was a heavy pause, and then, "Jensen?" The light flicked on, and both Jared and Jensen blinked harshly at the sudden brightness. Sandy whirled Jensen to face her, and he nearly fell in his inebriated clumsiness. "What the hell are you doing here?"

"Uh." Quick thinking had never really been his forte, and Sandy had this annoying habit of seeing right through him, anyway. "What are you doing here?"

"We got an anonymous tip, so I was coming to check it out. Are you drunk?" Sandy asked, wrinkling her cute little button nose when she got a whiff of his breath.

"Yes?" Jensen cringed, swaying a little. "But I found something. I think Shannon might be our man…Woman. Suspect."

Sandy took the papers and scanned them quickly, her face lighting up. "Jensen, do you what these are? They're rough drafts of the threatening letters the pageant company received! She must have been trying to destroy them when somebody caught her and called in the tip!" Glancing between the two of them, she said, "Look, you guys go back to the hotel and sleep this off. Morgan's gonna be here early tomorrow."

"Right," Jensen deadpanned. "Because I would hate to be hungover when I get fired. That would really ruin it."

Sandy shooed them away, promising to take care of everything. Jensen didn't remember much else, aside from the fact that Jared somehow managed to get them back to the hotel in one piece. He had a vague recollection of being dropped onto the bed and his shoes awkwardly tugged from his feet. There may have been a hand in his hair, but Jensen passed out pretty quickly, so he couldn't be sure he wasn't already dreaming.

***

A.D. Morgan clapped Jensen on the back hard enough to make the younger man wince. "I gotta tell ya, Ackles, I'm surprised. I was giving serious thought to pulling you off the case, and then as soon as I arrived Sandy told me you'd managed to arrest the suspect!"

Shannon had been escorted out of the building in handcuffs early that morning, bitching loudly at the cops who manhandled her into the waiting squad car. Jensen had watched the whole spectacle from red-rimmed eyes hidden behind a pair of sunglasses, drinking coffee strong enough to peel paint, and willing the pounding in his head to subside. It was entirely possible he was still a little hungover.

"Thank you, sir," Jensen replied. "But really it was Sandy who—"

"It was all Jensen's idea, sir. He was the one who found the letters in Ms. Doherty's dressing room," Sandy interrupted.

"Look, I don't care who broke the case, so long as it's done. I just received another case in Houston, so I want you both there by seven tonight. You'll be briefed en route."

"Wait, tonight?" Jensen asked. "We can't be there by tonight. It's the final competition."

Morgan gave him a bemused glance. "Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't you just arrest the suspect? The case is closed. You don't need to stick around."

"With all do respect, sir, we don't know with any certainty that Shannon was acting alone, or even if she really is the person responsible for the letters. What if we leave and something happens?"

Morgan's confusion intensified, and now Sandy was looking baffled as well. "Are you listening to yourself? A week ago I had to threaten to tie your ass to a desk in order to get you to take this assignment. Now the suspect's been arrested, at your recommendation, and you still don't want to leave. What's going on with you, Ackles?"

"I just…I have this feeling. Like the job's not finished, yet." Or maybe I'm just not ready for it to be finished, Jensen added silently.

Morgan gave him a long, piercing look, then said quietly, "Ackles, can I speak to you alone for a minute?" Once everyone had filed out, he laid a heavy palm on Jensen's shoulder. "Listen, Jensen, you know how some of the boys back in the department are gonna take this. Now I try to stay out of this kind of thing, let you fight your own damn battles. But you staying out here, off duty, to compete in a male beauty pageant? Well…there'll be talk."

Jensen tilted his chin up defiantly. "So? I'll have to deal with a little extra ribbing when I get back. I've dealt with it before, I can do it again. I think it's more important that someone stays here, just in case."

Morgan held his gaze a beat, then nodded. "Okay, it's your choice. But I have to warn you, the case is officially closed, so I can't give you mission approval. You stay out here, you do it as a civilian. You'll need to turn over your badge and gun." Jensen had known it was coming, but it didn't make it any easier. Reluctantly, he withdrew his handgun and his leather badge, then handed them over to Morgan. The loss of their comforting weight made him feel strangely bereft. Morgan flashed a small, understanding smile. "I'll hold them for you until you get back to Dallas," he said.

***

"Jay!" Jensen shouted, bursting into Jared's hotel room and buzzing past him straight to the bathroom mirror. "Jay, I need help. The competition is in two hours and I look like hungover roadkill. I need you to work your magic, man!" Glancing back to where Jared still stood frozen by the door, Jensen waved an impatient hand. "Hey, I'm serious, Jared. Get your bag of tricks, get over here and make me look awesome. C'mon, why are you still standing there?"

Jared grimaced like he'd just swallowed a very large, very unsavory bug. "My plane leaves in an hour."

For the first time since entering the room, Jensen noticed the luggage stacked neatly by the door. It all matched, navy blue with pink ribbons tied to the zippers. "I don't understand."

Jared shot him a pained look, his lips pressed together in a thin line. "I'm heading back to LA tonight. It wasn't my idea. I have to go, or I don't get paid."

"Wait, you're…you're leaving?" Jensen took a few steps closer, gaping at Jared like he'd lost his mind. "You can't leave. The competition isn't fixed anymore. I have to do this on my own. I don't—" Jensen stopped abruptly, swallowing back the rush of words running through his head. "Jared, I need you," he said, his voice sounding too small in the suddenly too large room.

Something broke a little in Jared's expression, and he closed the distance between them. Jared swallowed thickly, making his Adam's apple bob in the slender column of his throat. Looking down at Jensen, he asked, "Did I ever tell you that San Antonio is my hometown?" He continued, a hint of regret in his tone, "I was kinda hoping after this was all over, if you had some time off, I could've shown you around, given you the grand tour."

Jensen felt like someone was slowly chipping away at his heart. "That would've been nice," he said, his voice a quiet rasp. They shared a heavy pause, and then Jensen nearly whispered, "I don't think I can do this without you here."

The muscles in Jared's jaw twitched for a half second as he grit his teeth. Then, as if suddenly remembering, he reached into his shoulder bag and pulled out a flat, square box. "I…I got you something. I was saving it for tonight, but…"

Jensen unclenched the fists he'd unconsciously formed and took the box gingerly from Jared's palm. He opened the lid to find a pink silk handkerchief inside. Embroidered on one corner, Jensen could just make out his initials, JRA. He ran the tips of his fingers over the raised letters. When he looked back up at Jared, he could hardly speak past the lump in his throat. "Jay…"

A knock at the open door interrupted them. The bellhop stuck her head in the room and glanced at the bags leaning against the wall. "Mr. Padalecki? Would you like me to take your luggage, sir?"

Jared glanced over his shoulder and gave the girl a small nod. When he looked back, his eyes looked a little glassy. "I need to go."

Jensen thought, No, you need to stay. He said, "Yeah. Okay."

Jared didn't move for several more seconds, but eventually he managed to force himself to go. He paused in the open doorway, and his expression was like a shot right to Jensen's heart. Jared opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something, but then he belatedly thought better of it and turned to leave, shutting the door with a quiet but final-sounding click.

Jensen hesitated before crossing to the door. He pressed his palm flat to the cool wood, then closed his eyes and leaned against it with his forehead. There were no sounds on the other side, but Jensen somehow knew that Jared hadn't left yet, that he was still standing outside the door. Jensen willed him to come back, kept waiting for the knob to turn, but after a while, Jensen heard soft footfalls moving down the hallway and out of his life forever.

Part 3

Miss(ter) Congeniality, (2/3)