The fire is still burning when Dean finally drags himself out of bed around one o’clock in the afternoon. He stands there for a few minutes, one hand on the runneled surface of the wall, and looks at the wreckage of the suite. An odd, ruddied glow lies over everything, making both the room and his own existence in it seem unreal.

The dreamlike haze that clings to his skin like smoke is due, in part, to the fact that he’s too exhausted to make sense of what he’s seeing. His thoughts drag, muddled and ponderous from the weight of yesterday’s ordeals. Although he refuses to let himself think about (inside me) what happened after Sam left to put out the flames, the effort of keeping his mind on other things is even more exhausting than the lack of sleep.

Sam has been gone for hours now, but Dean can still feel his brother pressed up against him. Sam slept deep and still at first, but in the early watches of the morning he woke and his hands began to wander. As though storing up memories to last him through the day, he left butterfly-light touches across Dean’s bare chest and stomach and side. He spent almost an hour laying lingering, open-mouthed kisses along the curve of Dean’s neck and shoulder, with just the barest scrape of teeth when he finally pulled away and got out of the bed.

Standing here now, Dean is having trouble distinguishing between the memory of those touches and the anticipation tingling through his nerve endings.

After all, it’s morning—or as close to morning as Dean comes lately—and morning means Sam stepping up behind him and slinging an arm around his stomach as he pulls him close and whispers a low, caramel-thick greeting in his ear. It means Sam turning him around and spending what feels like hours licking and biting at his lips: begging for entry in a ravenous, worshipful way that always makes Dean’s groin pull tight and his stomach tremble.

Every morning, Dean thinks to himself that he should be running, or fighting, or doing anything but standing there and taking it, but he never does. That first morning after his disastrous escape attempt, he did try to run. Sam didn’t even blink: he just wrapped Dean tight in a humming cocoon of power and held him still, which set the tattoo on his back tingling and made everything even worse.

Dean hasn’t tried running since.

Inevitably, of course, Sam will get tired of asking and part Dean’s lips for him with the slow press of his tongue. What comes next isn’t so much kissing as it is fucking: the friction of Sam’s lips on his and the thrusting of Sam’s tongue in his mouth and the vibrations of Sam’s moans down his throat. The insinuating pressure of it all builds until Dean’s head is reeling and his morning wood isn’t just annoying but agonizing. Then, finally, Sam will release him and Dean will be able to escape to the bathroom for a few minutes of clean, un-Sam-scented air.

But although Dean’s skin tingles with the expected brush of his brother’s fingertips, none of that is going to happen today. It isn’t going to happen because for the first time in months Sam is gone.

With that fact firmly centered in his mind, Dean tries to tell his body to stand down. He can’t figure out how to make himself settle, though.

It makes him think of the year he turned nine, which also happened to be the same year Dad decided to ramp up his training. Those first few mornings, Dean complained bitterly about the pre-dawn sprints and the countless push-ups and sit-ups before breakfast. On the third day, Dad gave him a stern look and told him to suck it up for just one month and it wouldn’t bother him any more. After one month of PT, the exhausting, aching torment that he was putting his body through would become routine.

Dad was right then, and his words aren’t any less true now: as sternly as Dean tells himself that Sam isn’t here, the anticipation of his brother’s touch still lingers on his skin like condensation on the side of a glass. Sam’s morning greeting has had more than just a month to become routine, and now it’s habit: a pattern of breath and fingers and lips that has worn grooves into Dean’s mind and body.

Looking for something to distract himself from the distressed signals his body is sending, Dean moves his eyes over the twisted remnants of the suite. He needs some small measure of relief from the pressure of yesterday’s memories against the inside of his skull, and he finds it in the form of the gaping hole in the outer wall. Drawn by the reddened maw, he wanders over to stand in front of the blown-out picture window and looks down on a smoke-clogged world.

Parts of the inferno have already burned out, although Central Park is still impossibly aflame. Dean has no idea what’s feeding the blaze at this point, although he suspects that it might be using the air itself as fuel. Low-hanging, black clouds make it impossible to see very far, but before the sun sets tonight, he thinks that it might have cleared up enough for him to see whether anything is left of the MET.

Not that he gives a fuck anymore.

Toying absently with the cuff on his right wrist, Dean edges up to the rim and looks down. The street below is no longer asphalt, but glass: first melted and then baked to a high shine by the continuous lick of flames. As the fire shifts, the bones of the cars that were parked along the curbs in neat rows flicker in and out of view like ghosts. This close to the open air, whatever ward Sam uses to control the suite’s temperature isn’t working as well, and sweat beads on Dean’s bare skin, making him shiver.

Fire is pretty high up there on Dean’s list of Ways Not to Die, but the suite is on the top floor and there’s plenty of space between him and the lingering flames below. No matter what kind of protections Sam has woven into his body, a fall from this height is bound to kill him instantly. Dean won’t have time to feel his flesh begin to burn before the blissful darkness folds around him. Before everything is silenced.

Oh God, please, he thinks, yearning, and leans forward.

He isn’t terribly surprised by the wall of power that holds him safely back—Sam isn’t that stupid: of course he isn’t—but the ache in his chest sharpens anyway, cutting fresh wounds. Dean’s breath punches out in a strange, sobbing laugh and he digs his fingers into the barrier that isn’t there: digs in hard, as though he can claw his way to freedom. His fingers slick-slide off a wall of air as solid and as smooth as the glass it replaced, and after a moment he drops his forehead and shuts his eyes, stilling himself.

The pads of his fingers feel hot—partially from the fire outside, but partially from friction—and when Dean is calm enough to open his eyes again, he finds his fingertips red and raw. A few more moments of thoughtless, pointless scrabbling and he would have scraped them bloody.

A memory bubbles up to the surface of his mind: not one of yesterday’s forbidden events, but bad enough nonetheless. In it, Sam is holding Dean like he weighs no more than a pile of blankets. Sam’s power caresses Dean’s insides. Sam’s nose nudges against the corner of Dean’s jaw.

‘If you hurt yourself again,’ Sam threatens, ‘for any reason …’

Dean regards his fingers as his thoughts limp around the memory. He wonders dully if that would have counted: if Sam would have come home and looked at Dean’s bloodied fingertips and followed through with his promise. As his mind wakes a little, he blinks and his heart gives a belated kick of panic.

It isn’t difficult to imagine what would have happened if the answer to that question is ‘yes’. Dean has seen more than enough terrified kids in his time and he can picture them easily now: children too young to understand what’s happening but frightened nonetheless, tears streaking their faces as they’re herded into the suite by Sam.

No, he corrects himself, pressing his fingers more firmly against the invisible, unyielding wall before him. Not by Sam.

Sam would delegate that task to a member of his demonic fan club. He’d be too preoccupied with Dean to do it himself: too busy ensuring that Dean understood what was about to happen, and why.

Dean senses another thought, moist and pale and horrible, worming its way to the surface. Biting his lower lip, he fights against it. His head pulses painfully with the effort, and he realizes almost immediately that it’s too much: he can hold back his memories of yesterday or he can burn the terrible, squirming thought out at the root, but he can’t do both.

Gritting his teeth, he relents and the thought bursts free. Dean's eyes open painfully wide as he shoves himself back from the ruined window. His heart flutters against his ribcage like a panicked bird.

Even if injuring his fingers wouldn’t have been enough to provoke Sam, then jumping out the window the way he wanted to—the way he tried to—definitely would.

Oh Jesus, oh fucking Christ, is that attempt going to count?

Dean has no way of knowing the answer to that question, of course. Sam’s behavior has been unpredictable at best lately, and after yesterday (fuck you, I’m not thinking about that), he can’t even begin to imagine how his brother would react to that bit of information. ‘Not well’ probably wouldn’t even begin to cover it, though.

He isn’t here, Dean tells himself. He doesn’t know.

As though more distance will erase the slip, he backs further away from the gap.

Dean doesn’t believe himself, is the thing, because Sam seems to know everything these days. Even if he missed the moment of disobedience itself, Sam is going to take one look at Dean when he gets back and read the guilt in his expression. And if Dean somehow manages to cling to his poker face, Sam can just pluck the memory out of his head anytime he wants. If he misses it today, then there’s always tomorrow, or the next day, or the next, and this isn’t the type of offense that comes with a statute of limitations.

Fuck, Dean wasn’t thinking. He was just … he was letting himself drift—letting himself want—and that one, selfish moment is going to buy some little kid (more, Sam isn’t gonna stop at just one, not for something like this) a slow, agonizing death.

“No,” he breathes. A pulse of dizziness washes over him and when he can see again, he’s on his knees. He doesn’t know how he got there, but his legs are trembling with hot, weak floods and his heart is racing. Running his hands over his face, he grips his hair harshly and bows forward.

The suite constricts, closing in on him from all sides and pushing the air out. Dean gasps and gets a lungfull of nothing for his trouble. He bends further, forehead on the carpet, and it smells burnt, it smells like sulfur and decay, and he can’t breathe, God, he’s going to die here and it isn’t going to be his fault but Sam’s going to take it out on everyone else anyway, just little kids and he’s going to tear (help) through them like tissue paper, he’s going to dig deep (Sammy please) furrows in their bodies like a tractor’s blades in soft, yielding earth, (Sam) and oh God, Dean can’t.

Darkness.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
When Dean opens his eyes again, his head aches. His skin feels chilled, but he’s sweating: hair damp at the nape of his neck. The warped, partially melted walls have receded back where they belong, thank God, and Dean is breathing easily. After several minutes of staring at his own outstretched fingers, he struggles up onto his hands and knees.

It isn’t too difficult to figure out what happened.

“I fainted,” he tells the carpet. His voice sounds strange in the silent room—too loud, too rough—and he frowns. “I blacked out,” he corrects himself. As broken as he might be these days, he’s still a Winchester and Winchesters don’t fucking faint.

“Panic attack,” he adds, and then rubs at his back of his neck. “Fuck.”

He’s had them before, of course, but Sam has always been there to stop them before they progressed too far. Every time things have gotten just a shade too hellish, Sam’s power has washed through him: soothing the fear and the unbearable agony of this wolf trap of a suite away. With an unpleasant shock, Dean remembers that he tried to call for Sam just before the world went dark. He tried to call for his brother because he wanted Sam to come and replace the panic with numbing pleasure: wanted it the same way that a junky wants his next fix.

Anger threads through him—not at Sam, but at himself. He’s supposed to be stronger than this, damn it. He was stronger than this just yesterday, was stronger until Sam—

Dean shuts down on that thought before it can go anywhere.

As he kneels there, doing his best not to think about anything, it eventually dawns on him that he’s still waiting for Sam. He’s waiting for his little brother to show up and rescue him from his own, lurching thoughts. Dean spent the last few months praying for Sam to give him just a few minutes to himself, and now that he finally has what he prayed for, Sam is all he can think about. All he wants.

“Make up your fucking mind,” Dean growls. The irony of his conflicted, shifting desires curls his lips into a bitter smile. Moments later, the smile fades into a grim, determined expression.

Dean got off to a bad start today—who wouldn’t, after what (don’t fucking think) happened yesterday (about it, moron)—but that doesn’t mean he can’t come back from it. He has an opportunity here—he has a chance to think without Sam twisting everything round on itself: maybe to find a way out of this goddamn prison—and he isn’t going to waste it.

It takes a ludicrous amount of effort to get to his feet, and when Dean finally manages it, he sways perilously. He’s still dizzy from hyperventilating himself unconscious and his legs tremble as he makes his first shuffling step. When he doesn’t fall, confidence gives him the strength to lengthen his stride, and a moment later he’s resting a hand on the back of the couch, which is back in its normal position and oddly undamaged by (sam) whatever hit the rest of the suite.

Breakfast is laid out on what looks like a new coffee table (the other one pretty much disintegrated yesterday when—when nothing. nothing fucking happened) and Dean finds himself mesmerized by the covered dishes. Even though it’s now early afternoon, he knows that the eggs and bacon beneath those silver lids will still be warm, and the fruit slices and juice will be chilled. There will be a piece of pie: cherry or apple or peach. Because Sam wants him comfortable. Sam wants him happy.

Dean stares at those fancy silver covers and his stomach turns over.

Focusing all of his attention on making his legs work properly, he moves around the couch and heads into the bathroom. It’s better in here; the tiles are shattered in places and there’s a crack running through the mirror (is that new? dean can’t remember and doesn’t want to), but the destruction is at least rational. There are no half-melted walls to hurt his mind: no warped, bubbled bits of floor that should never exist outside of an acid trip. In the bathroom’s relative calm, the horrible sluggishness of his thoughts lifts slightly.

For the first time, Dean is aware that he feels like crap. His muscles are sore from holding so still all night in an attempt to keep Sam first asleep and then happy, and his skin itches with old layers of sweat. But the feeling goes deeper than that. For some reason (open up baby), Dean feels dirty inside—he feels fucking filthy—and although he doesn’t actually think that a little hot water and some soap is going to do any good, he has to try.

He pushes his underwear down around his ankles and then steps forward. Leaving the discarded fabric to lie on the tiles like a shed snakeskin, he heads over to the shower and turns on the water. Within moments, the flow is hot enough that steam rises from the floor in pitiful parody of the inferno outside.

Wary after his earlier mistake, Dean sticks his right arm beneath the spray and makes sure that he isn’t going to scald himself. The water temperature verges on painful and turns his forearm an alarming shade of red, and it still isn’t hot enough: skinny-dipping in a volcano wouldn’t be enough to burn the taint (this is happening dean) from his skin. If he turns the water up any higher, though, he’s going to burn himself, and he’s already killed enough kids today.

Dean hisses when steps under the spray: breath shoved from his lungs by the sudden shock of heat. His muscles twitch and he instinctively flinches away from the water. Then he remembers what he’s doing and holds himself still while his body gets used to the temperature.

He watches the water pound down on his chest and belly and then run from his legs onto the ceramic floor of the shower, where it swirls down the drain just as clear as it came out of the showerhead. After a moment, he frowns. The water should be soiled. There should be (yellow) some visible sign of dirt there, but there’s nothing.

You didn’t think this was actually going to work, remember? Dean reminds himself, and that’s true, but it doesn’t mean that he wasn’t hoping. He’s getting used to the sting of disappointment, though, and it passes mostly unnoticed.

When the water finally feels comfortable, Dean takes the bar of soap from the alcove in the shower wall and lathers up his hands. He tries not to think of his brother as he washes himself—of Sam’s hands on his chest, on his stomach: Sam’s hands always threatening to go lower, threatening (come for me baby) to slip inside of him and begin the business of opening him up—but he can still feel Sam’s touch in the wake of his own fingers.

Desperate to replace the phantom press of Sam’s hands with Sammy’s, Dean hunts through his mind for better memories. The water is too distracting; he keeps on winding up back in the tub with Sam’s body pressed close behind him and Sam’s hand grasping his cock. Those fragmented images summon up the even worse memory of Sam’s power shining a searchlight on Dean’s battered soul: of Sam forcing him to face up to his own, pathetic weakness.

“Goddamn it!” Dean yells abruptly, hurling the soap across the room. It hits the cracked wall and leaves behind a filmy, uneven mark at the site of impact. Dean stares at the splotch, not sure whether he’s angry or frightened or just really fucking bitter, and then climbs out and retrieves the bar. Careful of the slick puddles he’s leaving on the floor, he returns to the shower and goes back to work.

This time, he tries scrubbing at his skin with just a shade more force than is actually comfortable. The roughness does the trick, chasing away Sam’s presence, and Dean relaxes a little. He cleans his front as thoroughly as he can and then hesitates, eyeing the curls of black edging his hips.

Even on normal days, he doesn’t like touching the tattoo. Although that branded skin doesn’t feel any different from the rest of him, there’s too much of Sam there: it’s too strong a reminder that he doesn’t really belong to himself anymore. Too strong a reminder that his brother—his Sammy—is dead.

Today, there’s a nagging prickle of unease running down his spine. Sam isn’t here to funnel power through the black lines, but Dean is still afraid. Those outlying, black curves seem to leer at him: untrustworthy.

He considers leaving his back alone, but that soiled, crawling sensation is strong within him (God it is, it’s inside me), and as frightened as Dean is by the prospect of touching Sam’s mark, he’s also driven by an almost pathological need to try. After all, there’s always the chance that this time he’ll be able to wash it off. It’s a slim chance, sure, but hope springs eternal, or whatever.

Tentatively, he brushes one hand over the black line on his right hip and then jerks it away again. Shivering and resisting the urge to put his fist through the tiles, he leans against the side of the shower. When he’s steady enough to straighten, he moves back beneath the full force of the spray. Then, before he can chicken out, he offers up a fervent prayer that he was just hallucinating and trails his fingertips back over the outer edge of the tattoo.

This time, the spike of sensation is strong enough that it buckles his knees. Dean catches himself before he actually falls, bracing himself against the wall with one hand while echoes of his brother’s power stretch languidly through him. Squeezing his eyes shut, he rests his forehead on his outstretched arm and waits for the feeling to fade.

This—whatever it is—is new, and he knows instinctively that it has something to do with yesterday. He wants to be angry. He wants to be furious that Sam is doing this to him: that Sam is claiming him one piece at a time whether Dean wants him to or not. But he’s tired, and there’s this untouchable core of cold inside of him, and all he can work himself up to is a healthy dose of despair.

He’s deep behind enemy lines, wounded and delirious, and night is coming. Night is coming for him, and it isn’t bringing anything as kind as death, and it sure as fuck isn’t bringing rescue. Why would it? He walked himself here, didn’t he? Hell, he’s the one who handed the enemy the tanks and the AK-47s and the fucking nuclear warhead, and somewhere beneath all the horror and the denial and the last, dragging remnants of his anger, Dean knows that he deserves what’s happening to him.

Slowly, he clambers out of his own mind and bits and pieces of the shower come back in. Flash of chipped tile. Bead of water on one of the hairs on his forearm. Bar of soap resting against the instep of his right foot. He focuses in on the bar, considering.

No, a tiny, terrified voice whispers in his mind. No, don’t. You don’t have to: no one’s making you.

For a long moment, Dean doesn’t respond. Then his lip curls. Fuck you, he thinks back and bends to retrieve the bar. His hands are trembling badly enough that it takes him four tries to get hold of the soap, but once he has it he doesn’t waste any more time.

Lathering up, he shoves the bar back into its alcove and then reaches behind him and drags his hands across his back. The bloom of Sam’s power unfolds within him like desert heat, and Dean isn’t sure whether it’s causing him pleasure or pain. It doesn’t matter. He’s not letting Sam dictate what parts of his own body he can and can’t touch.

Clenching his jaw, Dean washes himself with brisk but thorough movements. It takes him less than a minute, but by the time he’s finished Sam’s power is sliding around inside of him: wide awake and purring. Dean can hear his heartbeat in his own head, and his cock is hanging heavy and full between his legs, which seems to answer the ‘pain or pleasure’ question, except for how it doesn’t. If this is pleasure, then it’s a punishing sort: unbearably strong and too intimate.

He can smell Sam. He can feel the phantom warmth of his brother’s touch underneath his skin.

Dean snaps his shoulders back as though he can shrug the illusion away and the power redoubles in intensity, lapping up against his insides in a flood. Suddenly, it feels like his brother is here with him—not the twisted, golden-eyed mockery that Dean has to live with now, but Sammy. Power thrums inside of him and Sammy’s ghost wraps strong arms around Dean’s chest. It whispers reassurances in his ear: just a little longer, baby, you’re doing so good, gotta be strong for me.

It’s the cruelest kind of lie, and Dean slaps both hands sharply against the wall. That warmth and those words carve out his insides, leaving him horribly hollow. Hanging his head, he weeps silently and prays for the feeling to fade.

After several wretched minutes, the insubstantial arms finally drift away from him and his brother’s voice silences. Sam’s power is still moving through Dean, though: unsated. Thick coils of heat settle in his groin, forcing his breath out in a hurt moan. He desperately needs to wrap a hand around his cock and get a little release, but damned if he’s going to touch himself with Sam’s claim awake and strong within him. For all he knows, this is some kind of psychic trap his brother laid for him: some way to trick Dean into handing over even more of himself to Sam than he already has.

The power pulses, insistent, and Dean widens his stance. The sound that spills out of him this time isn’t so much a moan but a whimper.

Hearing his own voice making such a desperate noise ignites a small, flickering flame of anger in Dean’s chest. He squares his shoulders, resolute, and pushes away from the wall. Glaring at the showerhead, he fumbles to his left until his hand closes on the bottle of shampoo.

Dean takes his time washing his hair: concentrating on the comforting push and pull of his own fingers against his scalp and on the strong, honey-sweet scent of the shampoo. He turns, presenting his back to the scalding water, and the tattoo gradually settles. It takes almost five power-empty minutes for his libido to get the message that he isn’t going to do anything about the painful erection he’s sporting, and then his desire fades to a dull, disappointed ache.

By now, Dean has been in the water long enough that his fingertips are white and pruned. He doesn’t feel any cleaner than when he started—feels maybe a little worse—but if the water and the soap haven’t done anything yet then they aren’t going to. Turning off the shower, he steps out onto the tiled floor and retrieves one of the oversized towels hanging on the far wall.

Dean's arms and legs are stone heavy as he dries himself off: he feels like he just went through three back-to-back sessions of Dad’s PT. His thoughts are once more limping and exhaustion encroaches on him like a low, rolling bank of fog. He’s seriously considering going back to bed.

Yeah, he just got up, but it isn’t like he actually got any sleep last night. It might be a good idea to take a nap now so that he isn’t among the walking dead when his brother comes back. Dealing with Sam is difficult enough when Dean’s mind is working at full capacity: right now he’d probably get someone else’s throat slit in under a minute.

But if Dean sleeps, then he’s going to dream. He knows from experience that he can’t control his thoughts in his dreams: he can’t keep his memories chained and gagged. If he goes to sleep now, then he won’t be able to stop himself from remembering (i want to see you taste him) all of those things that didn’t (i don’t share dean) happen yesterday.

No, better to stay awake. Maybe he can watch a movie … except that he seems to remember noticing earlier that the TV is little more than a pile of glass shards and melted plastic. He knows how it got that way, of course, or he would if he let himself. He can feel the knowledge whispering around the edges of his thoughts.

Exercise, he tells himself quickly.

For a distraction, it’s a pretty decent idea. After all, just because Dean doesn’t need to work out in order to stay in shape anymore, there’s no reason he has to fall off his game. He hasn’t done anything in a couple of months—mostly because he could feel Sam’s eyes on him every time he tried to do more than a couple of sit-ups—but now he has a chance to lose himself in the push and pull of muscle and flesh and bone without feeling like he’s on display.

Dropping the towel on the floor, Dean starts for the main room and then stops as he catches a flash of his reflection in the mirror. His mind continues to scramble for the door, but for some reason Dean is turning toward the mirror instead. As his thoughts work through a series of self-defense drills, he watches himself step up to its cracked surface. He feels himself curl his fingers around the edge of the sink.

He did this yesterday. Twice. Once after Sam left to deal with the fire and then again later, when he searched his eyes for a hint of gold.

Later, when he saw what Sam had done to him briefly reflected in his irises.

The wall of willful denial, already stretched bubble thin, finally bursts and everything floods out at once: Sam’s hand around his cock, Sam laying the yellow-eyed demon’s (and Dean’s) cheek open to the bone with a thought, Sam ripping that noxious cloud of power from the son of a bitch and forcing it inside Dean’s mouth—inside his soul.

That last memory hits Dean with an actual physical force and he jerks. His legs give out for the second time in less than two hours, dropping him to the floor. He’s too stunned and horrified to consider resisting the fall and his knees make a cringe-worthy crack when they hit. No way he’s coming out of that without bruises at the very least, which means that he has damaged (Sam’s property) himself for sure this time, but Dean is too absorbed in a wash of revulsion and horror to panic about that.

It’s inside me, he thinks, staring at the faucets that are suddenly at eye-level. Fucker’s inside me. 

His stomach clenches and then tries to crawl up his throat and out of his mouth. Dean hasn’t eaten recently enough to throw up, but he can dry heave, and he does so again and again until it hurts—until he’s positive that he’s bleeding internally—and still he can’t get anything to come up but a thin, burning string of bile.

It’s funny, really, because he wanted to throw up yesterday and couldn’t get his body to remember how. Now, as useless as the action is, he can’t seem to stop. His eyes water with the force of the retching, but he isn’t crying, although there’s an unbearable pressure building behind his eye sockets. This latest violation is just too big—too overwhelming—to be expressed in any sane way. Dean keeps looking for a way to let the swelling, sickened betrayal out and bumping up against smooth, solid walls.

Finally, it slips out sideways in a laugh. The noise sounds like a malformed cross between a sob and scream, horrifying, and that only makes him laugh harder. Dean laughs in between his pathetic attempts to puke and his gasps for breath until he confuses his body into hiccupping, and when he tries to hiccup and hurl at the same moment, the cramping of his throat muscles is painful enough that he’s shocked into silence.

Shaking, he lets his mouth hang open and watches his breath fog the polished edge of the counter. He waits for the panic and the nausea and the shame and the guilt and the rage to surge back into place, but there’s nothing more alarming than an intense, relentless ache throbbing in his chest and stomach.

From some distant part of the hotel, Dean hears a faint scream that is almost instantly cut off. He isn’t a fool—knows that there are demons here, and people, and that there are bad things happening on the floors below—but this is the first time that he has ever had any clear evidence of that sort of thing. He has the hole in the outer wall to thank, probably: it must be weakening Sam’s soundproofing.

Letting out a ragged exhale, Dean drags one hand across his mouth and then rests his forehead against the lip of the counter. Goddamn it, Sam, he thinks, but the words are more weary than angry.

After a few minutes of silence, he hauls himself up to his feet: wincing as his knees unbend. He glances down long enough to note that he hasn’t cut himself, at least, and then looks back at the mirror. His reflection looks back, glassy-eyed and vacant.

Dean’s taint isn’t visible, not really, but now that he remembers it’s there, he thinks that he can feel it inside of him: waiting. He fumbles against the wall of power that Sam erected in his mind, searching for cracks and praying that he won’t find any. For now, at least, his prayer is answered. He can feel Sam, but not the demon: not that noxious cloud.

As Dean eyes his reflection, the cold, martial part of him—Dad’s good soldier—assesses his condition with brutal honesty. His stomach aches from his violent attempts to puke. His limbs tremble like a newborn colt’s. And yeah, he’s sickened. He’s been violated in the worst way imaginable, and Sam—his brother, whom he loves more than he should: way more than is healthy or sane—did this to him. Of course he’s fucking sickened.

He just isn’t sickened enough.

Dean should be curled up in a fetal position right now. He should be smashing his fist into the mirror and grabbing a shard of glass and slitting his throat and to hell with the kids who will suffer for his escape. He should be hyperventilating himself into another blackout at the very least.

Maybe a violation of this magnitude is just too much for Dean to process at once. Maybe this is his mind working without his knowledge to space his meltdowns out over a period of time so that he doesn’t come apart at the seams. Hell, maybe he’s somehow preventing himself from really feeling because he knows that he won’t be able to come back from complete and utter understanding, and he knows what Sam will do if he returns to find Dean catatonic, or with his hands slashed and bloodied from repeatedly punching the mirror.

But even if those things are true (and they are, at least in part), they aren’t the entire story.

The ugly, sorry core of the matter is that he’s adjusting. His body is already well-trained enough that he missed Sam’s touch when he got up, and now he’s moderating his emotional and mental responses for his brother as well. He’s cutting his own gut reactions off at the pass in order to keep Sam happy.

All this time, he’s been under the delusion that Sam has been dragging him closer and closer to the rabbit hole, when really he’s already deep inside and halfway to Wonderland.

It’s this thing inside me, Dean tells himself as he turns on the water. It’s changing me. Tainting me. That’s all.

But he knows that it’s a lie. After all, Sam locked that glowing, golden heat away where Dean can’t touch it and can’t be touched in return. Dean hasn’t changed. Only his self-awareness has altered: sharpened. Without the numbing brush of Sam’s power, Dean is thinking more clearly than he has in months and he doesn’t like what he sees.

I’m slipping, he thinks, splashing his face with water. He’s too burnt out to feel anything more than a faint, dulled pulse of regret. Ironically enough, his lack of fear at that prospect is what finally shocks him into a cold sweat.

Oh God, Dean can’t do this by himself anymore. He isn’t smart enough or strong enough to stand firm in the face of Sam’s relentless pushing. He needs help. He needs … he needs Bobby. Bobby will know what to do. He’ll know how to stop Dean’s descent: how to tear the demon’s power out of him, and clean Sam’s mark from his skin.

But in order to get to Bobby, Dean needs to submit to his brother.

He shuts his eyes and stares into the darkness for a long time. When he has his breathing under control again and his knees are starting to go stiff, he nods. His forehead brushes the mirror with the motion.

“Fine,” he rasps. “Fucking fine.”

Anything to see another human being again. Anything for a chance to be reminded of what things are supposed to look like in his head, instead of what Sam wants things to look like. Anything for a friendly smile, or a clap on the shoulder.

Anything.

He’s still naked from his shower, and as ready as he’s ever going to get, so he doesn’t have to do anything but walk back out into the main room, where he kneels in front of the main door.

Dean waits.