They thought they were being sneaky, the two of them, plotting at the bar while Travis kept Pete distracted, but every once in a while he'd steal a glance up and see their heads tilted together over Patrick's drink, Ashlee's fingers darting out to smooth down the fabric of his tie, to curl into the hair peeking out of his hat. They'd look over at him every time they touched, every time Patrick's hand curled over her thigh where it pressed against him, and Pete would shift in his seat, peering around Nick on one side, Travis on the other, trying to find an easy way out.

He watched as Patrick lifted his glass for Ashlee to take a sip, as he reached out and brushed an invisible drop from the corner of her lips. Lights flashed around them, cameras capturing random moments of revelry, and Pete found himself hoping they'd get caught like that, looking at each other in a way that couldn't mean anything but sex. It'd serve them right, plotting against him like that.

More importantly, he'd be able to pull that photo out, look at it whenever he wanted.

Ashlee sat between them in the cab back to the hotel, curled up against Pete's side, her fingers twisting through the loose ends of his tie, draped forgotten around his neck. On the other side of her, Patrick hummed along with the music and held her hand in the shadows where no one but Pete could see. His thumb brushed over her knuckles in a way that seemed to be sending messages, but Pete couldn't decipher them, and forgot to try when she leaned in and kissed him, slow and sweet and distracting.

It was Patrick who tied him up when they got back to the room.

He didn't notice at first, just enjoying the feeling of Ashlee's hands insistent on his chest, pushing him back against the bedspread, peeling him out of his clothes. She took off his tie first, slowly, then draped it around her own neck, letting him pull her in by it for kisses, then starting in on his shirt. Patrick knelt beside them, his lips and teeth on Pete's fingers and wrists, so that the cool silk of the tie barely registered until he went to touch Ashlee and couldn't.

"Oh," he said against Ashlee's lips, then twisted his head to watch as Patrick got up, circled the bed, taking off his own tie as he moved. This time, Pete and Ashlee watched it going around his wrist, watched as Patrick tugged his arm up over his head, secured it to the bars above him.

Ashlee shifted upwards so Patrick could pull off Pete's pants, and then she settled back down onto his lap, hot and wet and naked under her skirt. He gasped a little, startled, because he'd watched her dress, but then he saw the smirk she and Patrick shared, noticed a scrap of delicate red fabric peeking out of the pocket of Patrick's jacket.

"He's been teasing me all night," Ashlee told Pete, leaning in close to his ear. She shifted, pressing up against him so her clit dragged along his cock, and her breathing got a little ragged. "Talking about doing this, tying you up for me and watching me get myself off with you."

Patrick had settled against the headboard, at just the wrong angle for Pete to crane his neck and see him, but one of his hands curled over Pete's shoulder, holding him still, while the other pressed against his own cock through his pants. Ashlee rocked down against Pete harder, rubbing herself against him, almost too much friction, but not enough at the same time, just making him more desperate. He tried to push himself up against her, and Patrick's fingers tightened, making him gasp.

She moved faster, bracing herself against his shoulders, one of her hands tangling up with Patrick's, both of them pressing Pete back into the bedspread as her hips snapped forward, her breath coming in quick gasps. She curled down against him as she came, burying her face into his neck, Patrick twisting his fingers into her hair.

It was only after she could breathe again that she tilted her hips and settled down onto Pete's cock. He twisted his head and sucked Patrick's fingers into his mouth, biting and licking and only letting himself drop his head back against the pillow and fall apart after he'd heard the quiet broken noise of Patrick coming into his hand beside them.