Later that night much to Sookie's dismay, Rachel and I got ready to go to Fangtasia. I had promised Rachel that I'd take her to her first vampire bar ever. I know she wouldn't be going there to hook up, so I was fine with taking her.

"Honestly I don't know why you're willingly going there," Sookie said, frustration and anger clear in her voice.

Rachel and I both rolled our eyes. Not once since she found out we were going had she shut up. She made it perfectly known that she didn't want us to go. Of course, our minds were already set. We were going to go.

"Sookie!" Rachel exclaimed with a sigh.

"You can't stop us from going," I told her. "Besides, I have a few things to get straight with Eric."

"Like what kind of things?"

"Personal things?"

"Personal?"

I nodded.

"What kind of personal things?"

"Just personal things."

"We're no longer suppose to keep secrets from each other, Selena! You agreed!" she whined like a four year old.

I rolled my eyes. "I'm not keeping a secret from you! I told you it ws personal and it is."

Realizing that she wouldn't get anything else out of me she continued, "Still! You shouldn't go there unless you have no choice. Even after I keep telling you don't trust him, you trust him. You're gonna wish you would've listened to me when he uses everything you've told him against you."

Rachel stuck her head out of the guest bathroom where she was getting ready at. "Is this all about Eric again?"

"Who else?"

"Why shouldn't she trust him?" Rachel asked, making her way out of the bathroom and into the foyer where Sookie and I were standing.

"Isn't it obvious?"

Rachel shook her head and shrugged. "Well, I've never met him, so, I honestly wouldn't know."

Sookie scoffed, "It'd be best that you keep it that way. You'll regret it as soon as you meet him. I know I did."

Rachel and I looked at each other for a moment in silence, while Sookie was in her own world.

"Anyways," Rachel said, breaking the silence. "Are you ready to go?" she asked.

"I'm ready," I answered, giving myself a quick look over in the mirror, which was hanging in the foyer, as Rachel did the same.

We were both dressed to the nines. There was no mistaking that we were going out. Surely we'd be receiving dirty looks from fangbangers all night long. But, we didn't care one bit. As our mom always told us growing up...never be ashamed to show off what you've got, because it's what I gave you! My sisters and I all held true to her words!

Rachel was wearing a black strapless dress with a belt just below her breasts and below that there was a type of layered strip design that slanted to the right at the bottom. It came down to a little bit higher than mid-thigh length. She decided to go with a spunky looking bracelet, a goldish silver necklace, and reddish, pink C styled earrings that dangled of a gold chain. Rachel always did go for her own unique look. Her outfit was finished off with a black clutch with a gold latch and black ankle boots with a belt design.

I was wearing a black dress with straps about the length of four fingers, and a back with a T design. It was mid-thigh length. As for jewelry I wore a silver cross necklace (It would keep Eric back...hopefully), pretty black shiny colored cross earrings on a chain, and a grey bracelet. My outfit was finished off with a black clutch with a silver flower designed latch, and open-toed four or five inch heels.

"Don't wait up, Sook," Rachel and I both said to her as we exited the house.

"Don't do anything I wouldn't do!" she called after us still not too happy about us going.

"Easier said than done!" Rachel called back to her, opening the passenger side door and getting inside, closing it behind her.

"You have nothing to worry about," I assured her, getting into the driver's seat. I rolled down my window. "I'll call you when we're on our way home."

"And as soon as you get there!" she ordered.

I laughed and started my car.

Rachel rolled her window down, also.

We looked at each other and smirked. "Yes, mother," we called, sarcastically, in unison.

Sookie shook her head and turned to walk back into the house. She didn't look to be in the mood for games right now. To show us that she was mad, as if we were standing right there on the porch in front of her door, she slammed the door shut. I'm going to assume that she was imagining that she was slamming the door in our faces.

With the last gesture, I put my car in reverse to back up and give me room to turn around in the driveway to leave. As I put the car in drive and turned around, descending down the driveway, Rachel suddenly laughed out of the blue.

"What's so funny?" I asked, making a left on our road headed to Shreveport.

"Could you imagine being her right now having to deal with both of us?" she asked, laughing.

Understanding exactly what she found so funny about that I laughed, too. "I'd probably jump off the roof," I laughed.

We talked and laughed about all kinds of things the whole way to Fangtasia. It felt good to once again forget about my problems. I was also happy to see one of my sisters again. Family truly does get you through bad times.

Speaking of family my mother still hasn't called me and it's almost the end of the week. Little did I know, I was in for a huge surprise tomorrow at work.

--------

Upon arriving at Fangtasia, I had already warned Rachel about both Pam and Eric's tendencies. She was fully aware of what she was walking into. I was happy that I didn't have to worry about her. Rachel always was good when it came to storing information, and handling herself.

"Selena, I'm surprised to see you walking," Pam smirked when she spotted Rachel and me walking up.

I chuckled and shook my head. "Why am I not surprised that he told you?"

"He didn't exactly tell me. He did imply it, though," she smiled. Her attention instantly moved to Rachel. "And who's this?" Pam asked, curiously.

"Rachel...Rachel Dobreva," Rachel introduced herself with a smile.

Pam looked from her to me and then back to her. "Your sister?" she questioned with an eyebrow raised.

I nodded.

"So, now there's two of you?"

"I guess there is," I said and Rachel nodded in agreement. "So, where's Eric?" I asked looking past her in search for Eric, but not seeing him on his throne like he normally was.

"He's in his office," Pam answered. She was suddenly fixated on Rachel.

Rachel does have a lot of siren like features and tendencies. Features and tendencies that work on all types of species. She seems to be proving that to be the truth right now.

"He's been expecting you," Pam told me.

Rachel nodded when I looked at her. "You go ahead. I'll be just fine."

I nodded in return before making my way into the bar. As I already knew they would Fangbangers were giving me dirty looks. Shockingly, vampires were even giving me turned on looks as I walked through the crowd of vampires and fangbangers.

I walked straight back to Eric's office. He was indeed waiting for me. I closed the behind me as soon as I walked into his office. My back was turned on him for not even five seconds while I closed the door. When I turned back around he was standing right there.

Before I could even blink, his lips were on mine. As I did the night before I lost all train of coherent thought and melted into the kiss. It wasn't until I felt him move his hand to slide it under my dress that I remembered why I had come in the first place.

With all of my strength I pushed him away. "No, Eric. Not now," I told him. "I have something to show you," I said, pulling a piece of paper out of my clutch and handing it to him.

He read it out loud, "I'll tear this town apart. Shreveport, too. You will be mine."

"It's written in Drake's hand writing."

Eric growled when I told him that it belonged to Drake. "When and where'd you get this?"

"When I woke up this morning a while after you left it was still dark. I had just gotten dressed when the doorbell rang. Of course, I didn't answer it. I didn't have a good feeling. Instead, I ran upstairs to my room and jumped into bed. I stayed there until daylight. Once it was light outside I went out on the front porch to see if someone had left something and that's when I found this," I explained, nodding my head at the note that Eric was now holding in his hand, crumpled to say the least.

Before either of us could say anything else the door to the office opened. Rachel stuck her head in. She had a terrified look on her face. "Sorry to interrupt," she apologized. "But, we've got a big problem outside."

Knowing Rachel wouldn't ever interrupt and joke around like that, i followed her out to the parking lot. Eric followed close behind me. I glanced back at him. He didn't look the least bit happy.

When we got outside there was a crowd of vampires, fangbangers, and tourists. We pushed our way through the crowd to the middle. Never in a million years would I have expected to see what I saw. My jaw dropped at the sight in front of me.