CAROL, MOM & ME

CHAPTER 139 B

THE WEDDING NIGHT



 Once again, THIS is finally the last chapter of this particular series.
It had originally started as a fun gig, but quickly turned into a rather intense "duty" to fulfill the wants of so many readers.
I thank each and every one of the thousands of you that have written to me since I began this little venture.

Billy and Lisa's journey came a long way, not to mention that of his mom, and sister.
The last couple of chapters I introduced a little MM stuff that I was urged to bring in by many. I was and still feel a bit hesitant about it though.
I've not had any derrogatory references about this....yet!
I hope that those who stayed and beared with my serious illness sabbatical, (and losing the use of my thumb in another accident,) are happy with this, the final chapter.It will be in two parts.

   I have been considering a continuation through a book 5, THE continuation of Billy and Lisa's married life  and foibles, along with their lifestyle.

     Even becoming a father of Nikki's child, not to mention that of his own down the road .....as THIS chapter will leave the reader wondering.

IF the readership demands it, I will toil and slave, drink some more beer ( for medicinal purposes)and come up with an outline for a possible Book Five.

It takes Emails. It takes decent ratings on the boards to encourage a writer to trudge ahead and use brain cells that were never known about, to hammer out sensible wordage.
Of course, I am NOT a writer by any sense of the word. Just a guy that enjoys putting words on paper occasionally, using a vivid imagination.

   All through this story, I have tried to keep the phrasology to a common person's usage. As if you and I were in a bar having a simple chat over a couple of beers arguing over how lousy the Bills were this season.
That's why there are rare uses of ten dollar words.

Where I hang out and drink occasionally, a guy gets thrown out on his ass for ten and twenty dollar words. The clientele think their being sworn at in a foreign language. (Ha ha)

   As I said, there have been literally thousands of Emails, and I have tried to answer each of them in a timely fashion to show my gratitude that at least I appreciate the time you took to read my effort.
Now, I will try to concentrate on finishing my other on going project....TWINS IN LOVE, also listed in my directory here.

Rita (my mom in the story of Carol,) is identical in my description of her, as my own mother who died several years ago, quite early in her life. She was a beauty. No exageration. She WAS a model in her earlier life also.
I STILL have a large lock of her blond hair in my dresser drawer.

    So, herewith is one of the most unusual wedding  night adventures you will ever read. Again, my imagination at work.

Please write and let me know your thoughts and whether I should consider a Book Five.

Thanks again for your allegiance to the story.
Other people have figured out how to make a buck on their stories. I haven't learned how. Mine has just been a labor of love.
Thanks again,

ZEUSMAN1


CAROL, MOM & ME

CHAPTER 139 B

THE WEDDING NIGHT

   The duty of greeting so many guests and rehashing the same overtures to each was more than I imagined.
It was about a half hour past the time we figured for the breakfast now.

   I asked Bobby of what he thought of taking a ride for a while?
Running his finger in the tight collar of his shirt, "Sure Billy, Great idea. Let's beat it for a while."
I asked him to tell the other bridal couples and told Lisa we were getting out for a little while.

    I knew by looking at Nikki, that she was tiring and needed a little rest too.

   I told mom and dad, she told Annette and Jack.
Both said they would fend off the guests for us.

   We piled back into the Limo. Nikki was more than relieved for the chance to lay down on one of the luxurious long seats.

The driver asked if there was any particular place and I said just a cruise in the countryside for a while. He understood.
"There's a liquor cabinet to the left side of the last seat Billy"
"Thanks, I think we all could use one."

Lisa was also laying on a long plush seat. It was quiet for a while as we gatherered our thoughts.

Out of the clear blue, Lisa asked me, "Billy, Did you promise to always cherish me?"
Everyone cracked up.
"I think so honey."
"Well I don't remember that. I want to make sure you promised to cherish me Billy Boy."

Still everyone laughing.
"I'm going to ask for a quick copy of the films so I can double check on our honeymoon if you promised Billy!"

I knelt over her and kissed her as the Limo got us closer to open country.
We drove around for a couple of hours and just rested for the evening to come.
Even having a couple of drinks from the Limo's built in bar.

    When we finally returned, it was time for the official reception and more meet and greet of our guests.
There must have been over 400 people there.

   The hotel workers efficiently went about serving all our guests a wonderful choice dinner.
Soon, one of two bands arrived and quickly set up.

Lisa and I were the first of kick off the night's dancing with a solo highlighted by the crystal ball playing designs around the ceiling and walls.
The band was playing "This dream's on me" by Gene Watson.
A favorite of ours, and perfect for this night's opener.

   Then the almost sacred dance with each of our parents.
Their constant words praise at how nice everything was, and the excitement of seeing long lost relatives.

I reminded mom that they had the adjoining suite to ours for the weekend, as did Lisa with Annette.

About halfway through the evening, Susan appeared at a corner of the dance floor with a huge smile and dressed to kill in a gorgeous sntiny blue evening dress. The bulges of her beautiful tits made the dress even more provacative as they showed above the scalloped bustline.

I immediately went to her and thanked her profusely for how well everything clicked and went so smoothly.
"That's what I do Billy honey."
"Well, you do it very well."
She told me that all was set in our suite and the cameras were at the ready. She told me there was one switch to turn the whole works on.
Now, she herself couldn't wait to see what Lisa and I had planned in our suite.

"The chilled champagne and roses will be upstairs within a half hour, so anytime after that...."
I asked her if she would remind mom and dad and Annette and Jack to go to their own suites first to prepare, before coming into ours?

"Sure, Billy. I'll let them know."
"You look good enough to eat Sue."
"I'll keep that on my list of things you owe me when you return from your Honeymoon Billy." "I should be working down there near you by the time you return from the Honeymoon."
"I'll be looking for that nice payment of licking me like you did the other night."
 We kissed lightly and politely. She smelled wonderful and looked so beautiful.
"You're whole Wedding Party looks absolutely wonderful Billy. Really nice dresses and tuxes." "Some of the best I've seen here."
Thanks Hon."
Soon we parted and I got to Lisa for another dance.
I told her all was set upstairs within a half hour.
Both of us smiling at our in depth plan about to kick in.

I got to dance with my cousin Sandy who now told me she had at least a part time boyfriend. He was in the city, while they were still in the country. She seemed happy and I promised her a rerun of our first lovemaking soon. That made her even happier.
I danced with her mom, Aunt Patti. She looked radiant and pressed herself discreetly into me as she whispered praises of how nice everything was.
I realized that where Lisa and I would be living was not that far from where she lived. I told her we would be able to see her more often.
That made HER real happy as well. Knowing she too, would get a rerun of some nice lovemaking in her future.

    Finally, after several hours, it was time for the corsage throwing and the garter caper.

Carol was the lucky one for the corsage, and I was surprised as hell as I tried to make a big deal of kneeling and removing Lisa's garter under her long gown.
Then, as she smiled and giggled, I realized she had no panties on. When my fingers reached the garter, she maneuvered her thighs so that my hand would slide up toward her naked pussy under her long gown.

Our eyes locked as she saw my surprise, and she giggled some more.
There was my hand touching her bared pussy with hundreds of people looking on not knowing.
It was Jimmy that finally caught it.
Soon after, both Lisa and I were on the elevator on our way up to the suite. Mom and dad, Annette and Jack would be up in theirs momentarily. It was about 10:30 PM now.

Lisa and I were amazed at the array of flowers, candles, and all around beauty that the room had taken on.
It was first class. The room smelled of the flowers.

I found the switch for the cameras and quickly discovered where they were. Only if you really looked very closely behind flowers and other things, could you even guess.

Lisa and I walked out on the balcony and kissed in the warm evening darkness.

In their suites, we had left the arrangements of gifts for our parents, and a similar note to each.

"Mom and dad, we want you to know of how very much we both love you.
These are only token gifts for each of you, and a little champagne for your own memories to share here in your own suite.
What Lisa and I would appreciate, is if you both would change into these silk embroidered bathrobes and meet us in twenty minutes in our suite through the middle door at your right/left."
The reason will be become clear, and we're sure you would like to change from the stuffy dress clothes anyway.

   Again, we want to stress how deeply we love you both and appreciate your guidance in our lives.

Love, 
Lisa and Billy

    Several minutes later, Lisa and I were nervous as we waited for each couple to enter through their respective doors into our suite.
Jack and Annette were first. Both wearing the really nice silk bathrobes with their names embroidered on them.
They were a bit in wonder as were mom and dad when they also entered a minute later.

Lisa and I were still fully dressed.

We sat in the parlor section and I opened the first  nagnum of champagne.
Dad made the first toast to us, and our good health.
Jack made the second for wealth and happiness.

then, Lisa and I asked them to stand and we eased them to switch partners on either side of our Wedding Bed,
Jack and mom on one side, with Dad and Annette on the other.
Lisa and I at the end.
They stood in the bathrobes smiling and in wonder.
We turned to them and then told them of the historical medieval custom of parents watching the initial lovemaking of their children to ensure the marriage was consummated.

"Lisa and I are about to make love for our first time as a married couple, while each of you witness."
They were now somewhat shocked but said nothing.

Lisa and I turned to each other and kissed passionately now.

Then she turned so I could unzip her dress and her mother came to help peel it off and finally lay it on a nearby chair. Lisa only had a pretty silky slip on now. Her nipples pointing straight out at me through it. No bra. No panties underneath.

Her hand went to one shoulder and slipped the strap as her eyes stayed glued to mine.
In seconds, her slip fell down her body to the floor.
My hands were busy undoing the bow tie, and then the shirt.
dad came near and took them and then my pants.

Soon, and slowly, both Lisa and I were naked facing each other.
The baby's breath and mini roses still woven in her hair.
So beautiful.
My cock was at full attenion for all to see and she looked lovingly at it.
I stared at the wetness of her pussy that told me she was more than ready for me.
 We hugged and kissed and then I turned her back to the bed and laid her down on it with her legs over the edge. I leaned over her and kissed her again and then kissed slowly down her neck and tits, and finally to her rose scented mound and kissed all over it.

 I licked her clit and spread her lips and licked her pussy like never before as both our parents watched.
I spent several minutes making her pussy wetter and excited. Her soft moans, before I rose and she came back into my arms.
Her eyes were glowing with excitement.
Then she turned me and laid me on my back and kissed me from my lips, down my body and finally to my cock.
She lovingly and slowly sucked up and down my hard cock and stroked me for a couple of minutes before pulling me up to kiss once more.
Then I helped her onto the middle of the bed where she eaglerly reached for my cock and guided me straight into her as we kissed.

Both sets of parents were softly praising and moaning at this sight.
Lisa and I felt the new shock of being coupled for life now, as I plunged into her time and time again. 

Finally, she whispered loud enough for all the hear, "Cum in me Billy, give me your seed on our Wedding night.
Seconds later, both of us were holding each other tight as we began to orgasm almost together.
Our kisses were loving and tender and even forgetting we were being witnessed like this.
Her legs wraped around my thighs as I rotated and made sure my cum was deep inside her body.
We caressed and kissed for many minutes afterward, and I finally rose from her and helped her off the bed.

Once again we sat, but both Lisa and I staying naked now.
We had another glass of champagne and more cheers.
More toasts. Mom and dad, as well as Annette and Jack seemed a bit speechless by what was happening.

I was hoping for a quick recovery, as was Lisa for our plans.
About twenty minutes later, we once again asked them to take their places at the bed,
This time, we told them that we drew names to see which couple would go first.
Mom and Jack.
Both Lisa and I stood with our backs to each other and faced our parent.
Mom facing me, and Jack facing Lisa.
"We are going to make love with each of you here on our Wedding bed.
We want to share this special evening with each of you and having a part of us in each other from this special night.
They were all dumbfounded.

I reached to remove mom's bathrobe as did Lisa for her dad.
Now all four of us were naked as dad and Annette stood on the opposite side of the bed still in their robes.

  "Mom (Dad) we want you to know how much we each love you. We are now going to make love with you here."

Lisa and I said our prepared words to each of them and then kissed them with sincere hugs in our nakedness.
They were still shocked but kissed each of us.
Then I kissed my way down mom's naked and beautiful body as did Lisa to her dad.
Ilicked mom's nipples and they were as hard as my raging cock. She moaned softly, caressing my head.

We ended on our knees, our backs to each other as Jack and mom looked at each other and to dad and Annette,

Lisa and I began to suck and lick our parents, I gently spread mom's legs and licked her sprouting clit and tasted her running juices as she stood there in shock and moaning.

We spent just enough time to make each of them hard and wet and ready for us.
Then, like a signal, we both rose and kissed them again.
Lisa turned so that she could lay back from the side of the bed and eased herself into position. She opened her wet pussy and offered herself to her father, while I laid mom on her back and leaned over to kiss her and gently suck her hard nipples.
All of them were moaning at this unexpected turn of events.

I kissed mom with all my love as did Lisa with her dad.
I whispered as she did, into her ear that I was going to make love to her and leave my Wedding Night seed inside her to share this special night.
Mom moaned loudly at this, and Jack moaned, I guess from the same message being whispered to him.

Lisa was asking her father for HIS seed on this special night.
Both of them almost gasping when they realized what the plan was.

Now, my cock was raging as I smelled the perfume of mom and kissed her passionately.
"OOOHHH Billy, " as her arms wraped tightly around me and I easily slid my cock into her in one hard thrust. She moaned loudly as she felt me plunge all the way into her as Lisa moaned with her father now filling her.

Both of us kissing our parent with full passion and love.

"I love you mom. I will always want this with you til the day I die." I whisperd in her ear. 
She was more than excited. Her hips and pussy soaked as we made nice love in front of dad and Annette.

Soon, with probably too much excitement, Lisa felt her dad cuming in her with a loud moan.
"Fill me daddy. Fill me with your precious cum on my Wedding bed."
"Enjoy me daddy. I will want you like this forever."
"Fill me daddy."
"OOOOOHH  God, Billy....I'm cumming. honey, this is so...OOOOHH."   OOOOHHH Billy I'm really cumming honey."
I felt mom's pussy tightening around my cock and it was urging it to spill my seed into her. Moments later, I shoved in as deeply into the canal of my birth and filled her with several hard spurts as we kissed with deep passion.
All of us stayed together until several minutes passed.

Finally we all rose and went once again to the lounges and couches for a rest and champagne.
Now they were all truly shocked and amazed at our plan. Both Annette and dad realizing they were next now.

There was a bit of awkward silence as Lisa and I smiled and looked at each of them
I leaned toward mom and told her this lovemaking was wonderful. She was still flushed and now realizing what had just happened herself.
She was just fucked good and proper on her son's own Wedding bed.
HIS cum was in HER on HIS Wedding Night!
She then gulped the whole goblet of champagne.

Lisa knew to look at my cock for the right time to start withdad and Annette.

Finally, when she saw it twitching and getting half hard again, she knew it was time to begin.

She rose, magnificently naked and filled with her own sexuality now, and reached for dad's hand. I reached for Annette's.
We positioned them as before and did pretty much the same to each. 
Lisa sucking dad, as I licked Annette into full excitement.
Both of them watching each other as Lisa and I knelt before them and making them fully aroused with our mouths and love.
Annette tasted wonderful as I licked in and around her clit. Her moans were louder now.
Then, once again Lisa laid back and spread her wet pussy and invited dad to take her on her Wedding bed.
Invited him to pleasure himself within her.
Her open legs and arms reaching for him.

Dad's eyes were wide as saucers as his huge cock raged out from his groin. He came forward and leaned to kiss her as she guided him straight into her wet pussy. 

I was kissing Annette, so excited as she looked up in amazement. 
I was about to fuck HER on my own Wedding Bed!
Her legs spread wide and ready as I guided myself into her and laid my face next to her ear.
I whispered how much I loved her too, and I wanted her to have my Wedding cum inside her on this bed on this night.
She moaned all the louder as she felt me fill her pussy and begin to make love with her.
Her legs also wrapped around me as we ground ourselves into a long blissful lovemaking. She came several times as she moaned into my ear. Me into hers as she loved me with her entire body.
Soon, I was finally shooting deep inside her, It caused yet another series of shaking and tremors in her and she held me tightly as she felt me fill her.
Again, many minutes until all four of us were completely spent.
This time. Lisa stayed on the bed and discreetly reached under the pillow for a plug that resembled a butt plug. She cupped it in her hand until the attention was distracted by my talking to the others and asking them to once again sit for more champagne.
Lisa had slipped the plug into her pussy to seal all the sperm from me, dad, and her father.
Then she rose and joined us. Kissing each of us as she sat down. All of us now naked as we were accustomed normally in our homes.
"This has been a very unusual night Billy and Lisa!" dad exclaimed.
Immediately, Mom and Annette along with Jack, agreed.
"Now you might understand why it is that we asked all of you not to have any sex yesterday or this morning." I said.


Lisa added as she stood, "We wanted you dad, and you daddy, to have a full set of balls to fill me with pleasure for each of you tonight."
Now, she turned smiling, as lowered her hands to her naked pussy. "Now,"  she continued,  I have the sperm of each of my most important men in our lives inside me, "
"Billy and I decided a month ago to stop taking the Birth Conrol Pills. Today, by chance, happens to be one of my most fertile."
"I am sure, there is now a baby starting to grow within me."
"We do not care who might be the father, but through the love we all have just shared, it will be OURS."
"Billy has left HIS seed in each of you, mom and mom. Just as a measure of our love, and his love for each of you to keep inside you for a while."
"The sperm planted in me will find their way to my womb tonight."
" That is why I have inserted this stopper." as she spread her pussy lips for them all to see.

Then she leaned and kissed each of them and went for their bathrobes. 
We had several more goblets of champagne. many more kisses and even dances with open bathrobes for our mutual nakedness to be shared as we each danced in the muted and sedate lighting of the beautiful ornate room.

I cupped mom's tit as I usually do and whispered again how much I loved her while we danced.
She couldn't express her deep feelings of this evening and making love so unexpectedly like this. Neither could Annette.
"Billy, I can't believe you and Lisa planned on having your father's and her father's sperm in her tonight too?"
That you wanted YOUR sperm in MR tonight too, YOUR Wedding night honey?"
"Yes and yes mom." as I held her closer.

   It was a surprise alone for just Lisa and I to make love like we had in front of all of them, but then to make love with each of them too, was more than any of them could have imagined.!
 Especially with Lisa telling them of now probably being pregnant on this special night with someone in this room's baby.

We spent a little more time kissing among us, sharing a new felt closeness and deeper love.
Then, each of them thanked us for their gifts of roses and other things in their suites.

The final telling of mom and dad of a major Wedding Gift from them to us.
That they were giving 50% of the costs of the new house being built next to them, and then Jack and Annette saying they were gifting the other 50% to us!
 In other words, the house would not cost Lisa and I anything.

This was major dollars they were ceding to each of us, and we kissed each of them with all our love and thankfulness.

Another round of almost naked hugging and kissing and we finally said good night. 

Still, even through the giddiness of the champagne, all of them were still deeply moved by all that happened on this special night as they each paired off to go to their respective suites.

Lisa and I could only imagine their private conversations later.
Then, as if by another signal, both of us took the used sheet and folded it and placed it for safekeeping and a lifelong remberance of this special night.
We pulled up and spread a new clean sheet and cuddled in the bliss of newlywed love for the night.
Both of us knowing that the sperm were busily swimming their way into her womb as I pulled her close and began to dream the dreams of newlywed lovers.

THE END

(Unless there is a demand for Book Five)

I hope you have enjoyed the series, please write and let me have your comments.

ZEUSMAN1
TSMITH3680@HOTMAIL.COM













