There’s a pleasant rhythm in the sounds of a police station, the sweep of paperwork, the quiet creak of the rookies’ new shoes, the constant, muffled noise from downstairs as criminals and their accomplices were brought in for questioning or booking. It’s a melody as familiar to Carlton as the smell of the station—floor cleaner in the mornings, stale coffee by late afternoon, sweat and—in the old days—a ton of aftershave by the evening. On a good day, Carlton would rather listen to the station than any other music.

Today is no exception. But when Carlton bobs his head to the symphony of police work, he catches O’Hara shooting him a curious look.

He frowns anyway, because it’s the third look of hers so far today, and considering that she had shown up ten minutes late this morning, her suit slightly askew, he ought to be giving her the eye.

Though a sick O’Hara wouldn’t be watching him so closely. Which leaves the idea that his partner wants to talk. About what he has no idea, or interest, but persistence is possibly the best and worst thing about Detective O’Hara, making her both a good cop and an annoying partner. When he grunts and stares back down at the files open on his desk, she lets her gaze linger for a minute or two before giving a sigh way too loud to be real and drops her head too.

Not that either of them are staring at anything that’s going to help them. They’ve had John “Sherlock” Sigerson’s files for over a week and everything in it has lead to a dead end. His known associates were still locked up, he hasn’t checked in with his P.O., and his ex-girlfriend—now a stripper—hates him so much that if she had seen him, she probably would have killed him herself.

Samantha had more that more than clear. She was out to protect herself and her son, and considering her fierce expression and those strange piercings and tattoos of hers, she would probably do it.

She’s also looked oddly familiar, but she hadn’t reacted to meeting him, so Carlton could only assume he must have seen her working during his last…visit…to that strip club downtown. That all he could remember about that was the taste of scotch in his mouth and the heated, small space of a bathroom stall was probably the reason he didn’t know her face.

The sounds of the station fade into the background again at that, and Carlton clears his throat, making sure the file occupies his attention. There’s heavy traffic around him, stomping feet of the street cops sounding a lot like the bass of that club, the beat of another heart next to his.

Carlton reaches up, automatically smoothing out his hair though he knows nothing—and no one—has disturbed it today.

He scowls and puts his hand back on the desk. He taps the papers, mug shots, rap sheet, notes from prison officials to the parole board, and the lab report on the stray hair left at the last crime scene.

He hopes Officer Denton enjoys his new job as a crossing guard.

Carlton taps the sheets of paper again, running his fingers up and down to the sound of McNab shaking the sugar packets for his coffee. Sigerson had never belonged to any known gangs, so the tattoos covering his body aren’t going to be much of a help, and he doubts any con clever enough to be known as Sherlock would get clues inked permantly on himself anyway.

There’s something missing just the same. Guys like this don’t just change the habits of a lifetime. Nobody does that.

Just look at… Carlton shuts down that train of thought right there and shifts in his seat. His phone is on the desk next to him. It’s the only silent thing in the whole damn station.

Maybe he needs more coffee. It’s probably going to be a long night, with the Chief on their asses if they don’t get any leads on this guy.

He hadn’t had time for coffee at home that morning, had forgotten to set his alarm the night before. The sun through his bedroom window had prodded him into opening his eyes, and from then until now Carlton had been rushing around, scrambling to get here on time—just on time—and still straightening his tie as he’d walked through the door.

His hand runs down the length of fabric at the thought. It’s the first one he grabbed; one of his more expensive ones, one Victoria had given him a long time ago to wear to some party, so silky to the touch that he lets it slide through his fingers.

“So you had a nice time last night too?” O’Hara’s question is polite. There’s no reason why hearing it would make Carlton jerk back in his seat and drop his hand. No reason except the vivid memory of just how he had spent his night and a certain person screaming out, “Do me, Carlton!” at the top of his lungs.

Carlton lifts his eyebrows even with the skin of his face and neck getting warm.

“What was that, O’Hara?” he manages to keep his voice smooth and meet her gaze. That isn’t as easy as it sounds; O’Hara is close to bouncing in her swivel chair. The knowing sparkle he’d been expecting to see is there in her eyes but she’s got her mouth set in a serious line.

“You were humming,” she informs him as her smile returns, then lifts her eyebrows significantly. “Again.”

Carlton opens his mouth to deny it to shuts it, licking at lips that are buzzing, as though he has been humming, or kissing someone with a wicked mouth and a serious need to shave more than once a day.

With things between them quiet for a few moments, and the day so slow, Carlton can catch up with the station’s rhythm at last. He’s startled into speaking again at the languid motions around him, the gentle glide of people in their routines, even the beep of the fax machine. He’d never really noticed or considered how much the sounds of the station are like slow-dancing, make-out music from the 1970’s.

“No I wasn’t.” His face is getting warmer, shifting from pink to red, he knows it, and actually considers cursing his Irish heritage. With his face burning, his collar feels tight, and Carlton knows he’s giving something away but has to reach up to tug at it. Of course it doesn’t go anywhere, not with his tie on, but when his fingertips find the knot to loosen it, the hint of silk makes his mouth go dry.

Instantly his mind is full of too many images. Things done, things only suggested. There’d been too much happening to focus before, but now he can, and the flash of revelation makes him open his eyes wide, spreads the heat from his face to his shoulders, then down even further.

He’s already sitting, but Carlton pushes himself further into his chair, behind his desk, trying to keep at least that much hidden while his brain spins out of control, counting each and every time hands had grabbed his ties, pulled them, twined them around wrists and slid them between fingers.

Right in front of him, and it was been like he’d already been blindfolded, another image to make him squirm in his seat. He could do that, he could have the satisfaction of finally, totally shutting that smartass mouth with one little strip of cloth, or better, he could wrap that cloth tight around the bedposts and leave him desperate and flailing, as helpless as Carlton sometimes felt whenever a certain psychic showed up to be a genius.

He’d like that, had practically been begging for it with every pat to his chest, daring Carlton to do it with each quick, all-encompassing glance at his suits. Carlton could have tried it before, could have been doing that this whole time.

“I had a good night too,” O’Hara comments, forcing Carlton to remember her presence, the fact that he’s still at work. He narrows his eyes, but sometime during his dark, inappropriate, completely hot bondage fantasy O’Hara had lowered her gaze to her desk and started fiddling with the pens in her desk caddy.

She fiddles with them again when Carlton doesn’t say anything right away, though she looks up when he clears his throat. His face is red and his suit is too tight. There’s a small patch of raw skin at his shoulder from too much contact with stubble and a definite ache in his lower back. He barely got any sleep and knows he hasn’t had enough coffee. And now O’Hara wants to talk.

More than talk, she wants to confide. For some unknown and unfathomable reason, she wants to have Girl Talk.

Carlton fixes a sneer on his face, then sees her bright eyes staring at him with all the hope of a kitten looking for a warm place to curl up.

He pushes out a long sigh and feels his shoulders slump. O’Hara, much like someone else he knows, takes that as a sign to go on.

“So…” she begins immediately, leaning forward and put her hands in her lap. “Shawn let me use his reservation for Ciao’s last night. He said he wasn’t going to need it after all…”

Carlton bolts back up into picture perfect posture, scowling as hard as he can though he knows it’s too late and no good; for whatever reason, O’Hara stopped being intimidated by him a long time ago.

She goes silent, narrowing her eyes to study him. It’s a damn good cop face, he has to admit. But he doesn’t shift, doesn’t move a goddamn muscle. He doesn’t do anything but scowl back. He doesn’t care what people say about his face being expressive, what they breathe into his neck as he’s trying to sleep, or look so damn pleased about after shoving that first piece of fruit into his mouth. Carlton keeps his expression smooth, doesn’t so much as blink until McNab burns his fingers on coffee that he knows is hot but touches anyway to check the temperature.

McNab’s shocked gasp—his steaming coffee is actually hot—makes Carlton glance away and by the time he looks back O’Hara is sitting smugly back in her seat, idly twirling a pen on the desk.

Carlton’s jaw tightens at her short, stifled giggle.

He’s fully aware that it’s laughable, Shawn Spencer wanting him. That he wants Shawn Spencer in return is immaterial; Spencer is young and charming and some kind of genius. Carlton is older and married—almost divorced hardly counts—and not exactly one of Santa Barbara’s hottest bachelors. Whatever’s between them, it can’t last. Spencer will get tired of him; Carlton had known that going in, but there’s no reason for O’Hara to stick her pert nose into it and mock him.

“You’re not going to hurt him, are you?” she wonders before Carlton can think of a threat frightening enough to make her be quiet. She lets go of the pen, and Carlton watches it fall onto her desk before he stares back at her.

She grins again at his confusion, the line he can feel forming right between his eyes. Perfect shot, he thinks vaguely, refusing to be impressed, then swallows at the new noise breaking into the pattern of his station on a not very busy Tuesday.

It’s not jarring, nothing like cymbals crashing, which it ought to be, when he thinks about it. Nothing like a Muppet gone amok on the drums. It’s a series of sounds that rise above the usual noise level of the station, just enough to attract attention before they drop back down again. They’d blend in, except for the part where Carlton knows he’s straining to hear more, pushing forward until he can hear every word, even before he lays eyes on Spencer and Guster.

They’re bickering, that’s no surprise, though they are late…later. If Carlton had been glancing at the clock all day, or at the time on his stubbornly quiet cell phone, he would have noticed that though the pair of wannabe detectives usually came in around one, when Spencer finally woke up and when Guster had finished the rounds of his day job, they were in today well after three. If he had been. Carlton coughs and shoves his cell phone to the edge of his desk.

Guster will be in a suit, so he would have gone to work. But Carlton has no idea when Spencer had woken up today. He had slipped from his rushed shower to dress in the living room, where he had been embarrassed to realize that the radio had been left on all night. Though he probably shouldn’t have bothered dressing outside the bedroom, the sound of Carlton tripping over the shoes left in his hallway should have woken the dead; Spencer hadn’t even stirred.

By the time Carlton had finally slicked his hair down and gone back into the bedroom for one finally look at Spencer, Spencer had managed to roll over onto his back and drool a little onto a pillow without showing any signs of waking.

He hadn’t been sure if he’d been supposed to wake up Spencer for some cheesy, cuddly morning after like in the movies, or leave him some kind of note. In any case, there hadn’t been time for any of that crap, and no way is Carlton leaving written documentation of any of this until he’s sure of what the hell is going on.

It isn’t like Spencer couldn’t have called him in the hours afterward. Not even one of his silly texts with some kind of clue as to what Carlton is supposed to do. Normal people did that after dates and sex, Carlton had had that point drilled into him by a few angry exes and one very pissed off wife. Things like calling. Or buying flowers.

Other than a goddamn pineapple wrapped in a big red bow, he doesn’t really see what he could buy that Spencer would even like.

Anyway, Spencer isn’t normal. Fake magic powers aside, the man had said as much himself, touching himself in the bathroom of Thai Me Up, Thai Me Down. If he had been awake, he would have indicated what he wanted, told Carlton to get lost, or said, “Fuck me” like the night before.

The new flush of heat through him isn’t something he can hide, if anyone can hide anything from Shawn Spencer. Carlton shifts again before the pair is in sight, rubbing at his neck, his skin so hot it nearly burns his fingers.

He hadn’t expected that, especially not after a night of so many stops and starts, still isn’t sure he believes in it. It’s a strange series of images, Spencer, a grinding, writhing tease pushing up into him, Spencer on his knees and unable to look up, breathing too hard just to be removing Carlton’s socks.

Carlton knows rookie hesitation when he sees it. He knows Spencer was scared the same way he knows that it wasn’t the sex that had been scaring him.

Carlton doesn’t sweep quick, intense glances around like Spencer does, he misses details no matter how much he tries not to, but he had watched Spencer last night, watched him like he’s been watching him for months now. And for someone who demands to be the center of attention, Spencer certainly ducks from the spotlight whenever he can.

At the thought, Guster and Spencer walk beneath the last arch and into view.

It’s three-thirty, Carlton looks at the clock again, exactly as obsessive as Victoria always complains he is. His gaze meets O’Hara’s as he swings around. She’s all wide-eyed alarm for a moment before she evens out her expression. Then Carlton nods his approval and she ruins it with a grin.

When he actually realizes what Spencer and his friend are discussing, Carlton flicks his eyes over, losing his breath for a moment to see Spencer in the same green shirt he’d worn yesterday. Spencer isn’t looking at him, and Carlton brings his eyes down to the work in front of him and keeps them there.

“I’m telling you, Gus, I never want to hear about paraphernalia again.” That the ridiculous remark is meant to draw his attention is all the more reason not to respond. Carlton’s silent cell phone is resting on top of a witness statement he needs and he stuffs it into his pocket without raising his head.

He can still listen anyway, can grit his teeth at the sound of Spencer and Guster stopping in front of his partner, can tap his fingers restlessly when Spencer leans across her desk to wish her a warm good afternoon.

“Lassiface,” is tossed out at him a second later, not that Carlton looks up, or says anything beyond acknowledging their presence.

“Spencer. Guster.” He has criminals to catch. There’s a slight pause at his response, the kind of pause that normally has someone jumping in to fill the void of awkwardness. Carlton flips a few papers over, reads the backs, though he knows Sigerson’s jacket practically by heart now.

“It’s diphallia, Shawn,” Guster corrects a moment later, far too loud. “The heartache of diphallia.” Spencer doesn’t miss a beat.

“Gus, please, there are ladies and a sensitive, middle-aged detective present.” Despite that obvious provocation, Carlton keeps his head down.

“What’s diphallia?” O’Hara asks anyway. Carlton can hear the vague hush of Spencer’s whisper, tries not to picture those lips against his partner’s ear, and fails. Fortunately O’Hara’s horrified gasp saves him from the temptation of looking up.

“Two penises?” And just like that, for one moment, the attention of the entire station is on their two desks and all the busy work music comes to a sudden, horrifying halt.

With everyone looking, Carlton can spread one hand out on his desk and risk a quick glance up to take in the scene. There’s Spencer sitting on the edge of O’Hara’s desk as though he’s entitled to, staring hard down at the files laid out there while O’Hara is busy directing embarrassed apologies to the rest of the cops around her.

Guster is to one side, almost at her side and glaring at everyone in a manner that would almost be intimidating if it weren’t coming from Guster. He saves an especially fierce frown for Carlton and Carlton glares right back. He doesn’t care if Guster does know. He hasn’t done anything to earn that look. Spencer is the one ignoring him, the one who has been ignoring him all day.

He ought to be grateful. Carlton huffs and drops his gaze at the thought, needlessly shuffling papers. Carlton has dated a partner before, as Spencer damn well knows. And though Spencer isn’t exactly a partner, he is employed at this station, and a man, and so Carlton ought to be happy that Spencer has even shown this much discretion.

If it is discretion, he can’t help adding just to himself, and lets out a small breath. If they were even dating. Spencer had called it dating, and even though Spencer had crawled into bed with a pizza box—and surprisingly, napkins—and true to his word, fed Carlton bits of hot pineapple in between bites of his own pizza, a part of him still isn’t sure what Spencer means by that. He’s not sure that Spencer knows what Spencer means by that.

“Don’t act like that isn’t a dream of yours, Gus, I saw that CD in your car. The Divas Collection; the Best of Diana Ross, Judy Garland, Liza Minnelli, Cher, Etta James and More Really, Gus?”

Even Carlton’s eyebrows go up at that one.

“You know that was for you, Shawn!” The flustered, panicked answer probably has Spencer grinning. Carlton feels his mouth twitch, ever so slightly.

“Gus Gus Gus.” Spencer’s shaking his head, Carlton can just see the motion. “Then why are most of those songs already on your iPod?”

“Those were for my sister…” Guster starts to argue, and then with the wisdom gained from lifetime of knowing Shawn Spencer abruptly shuts up. It’s a skill Carlton almost envies. After all, it’s pointless to argue, and anyone who knows Shawn will know that the CD is most likely his after all.

“Gus thinks he’s funny,” Spencer confides to O’Hara a moment later, confirming that idea, and Carlton glances up again before he can think better of it. Despite Spencer on her desk, O’Hara is looking at Guster, who is giving her a very wide smile.

“Shawn knows why he got that CD,” Guster asserts and even though his partner actually giggles at that and doesn’t seem upset by his attention, Carlton feels his eyebrows snap down into a frown. He’s not sure when that had happened, but he’ll have to talk to Guster later; O’Hara just doesn’t understand everything about men and needs someone to look out for her. Without her knowing about it, of course, Carlton’s not stupid.

“Cute, isn’t it?” Shawn’s voice hits him from way too close. Carlton jerks upright, his mouth falling partly open to find the other man directly in front of his desk. “Gus is like the gayest gay man to not actually be gay.” Shawn gives a little wistful sigh that has Carlton shifting again, his hands curling into fists when he knows he has no right to be upset, when Guster is over there flirting with his partner, and Shawn is right here, leaning into his desk and wearing a green shirt wrinkled from Carlton’s hands.

Just when Shawn had gone from O’Hara’s desk to his is like wondering just when Carlton started to think of him as Shawn instead of Spencer. He only knows that it’s inevitable in Shawn’s presence, and that he has to keep from saying it out loud or everyone will know the same way that Spencer—Shawn—always seems to know what it means. It ought to freak him out, but what’s the point of being scared when just hearing Carlton say ‘Shawn’ is enough to drive the other man crazy, crazy unlike anything Carlton feels when Spencer calls him any of his stupid nicknames.

In that shirt, Shawn’s eyes have gone green as well, bright even with the shadows of a sleepless night underneath them. If he’s shaved today there’s no sign, just the usual stubble. Carlton feels his gaze travelling down almost immediately, over Spencer’s mouth, to his neck and the hickey boldly displayed by the shirt’s unbuttoned collar.

His face has gone red three times in less than half an hour. People are going to notice everything at this rate. He can’t even blame that on Spencer since Spencer usually shows up in clothes that need to get ironed, unshaved, and artfully arranged to look like he’s spent the night out. There’s nothing unusual in his appearance unless you knew him, knew them, and then suddenly his choice not to change his clothes or cover up that love bite is different, some kind of statement, clear as hell, but only to those he considers important.

He’d spent the night out, and he knows his friends will know he spent it with Carlton.

Carlton directs his eyes back up, his mouth going dry at Spencer’s small, soft grin. He knows that smile, had felt it against his skin.

His gaze sharpens, his breath coming faster, and Spencer darts out his tongue to lick at his lips.

“You look tired, Shawn.” The smug note is back in O’Hara’s voice, and Carlton knows Spencer has noticed it too. He’s starting to doubt, after watching Spencer take in his house last night, that there’s anything Spencer doesn’t notice.

But this close, this open for the moment, he can see the change come over Spencer’s face.

He’s staring and knows he is, decides he couldn’t care less if they catch him, because in one moment Shawn is looking at him, smiling and relaxed, and in the next Spencer is grinning and loud, half-twisting away to strike a new pose. This one appears relaxed, one hip against Carlton’s desk, his shoulders dropped in a careless shrug, but it’s as much an act as any of Spencer’s visions. He has seen Spencer truly at ease, and this isn’t it.

Body language says more than words in most interrogations, and there’s too much control in the action for it to not be deliberate. Carlton leans back, frowning.

“I’ve been working out,” Shawn declares easily, not quite a lie though the image of Spencer actually working out is ridiculous—something he obviously knows, from his grin as he says it. There isn’t even a hint of anything else on his face. Either Carlton has gone nuts, or Shawn really does keep this much of himself hidden most of the time.

The flailing is an obvious distraction, by now Carlton expects it. This is something else entirely. This much control, to shift like that at the drop of a hat, to fake body language, that took a natural born liar…or someone with some serious personal issues.

That Henry Spencer instantly springs to mind shouldn’t be a surprise.

“Going to the playground isn’t working out, Shawn.” Guster points out, joining in the fun, or playing along, Carlton can’t tell, but Guster has to know the act for what it is. Carlton sits up, glaring harder. Guster just lifts an eyebrow and looks back to Shawn.

Now that he’s been recalled to the situation, Spencer isn’t so much as glancing at Carlton. He’s joking back and forth with total seriousness, his expression earnest even if his words aren’t.

“Then why do they call it a jungle gym?” He points out. “Honestly.”

Control, Carlton thinks again, and remembers last night, today, and the silken challenge to that he’s currently wearing around his neck. Spencer had offered it up for him, and he hadn’t been paying attention.

He is now.

And he wants to, he will be more than happy to tie Spencer up and strip every last bit of that control from him. He might even be trembling at the idea that Spencer wants to do the same to him.

Carlton’s hot again, not with embarrassment. He twitches his brows down into another frown, forces himself back into the conversation when he sees their eyes on him. He hasn’t spoken, he realizes. He hasn’t said more than two words in the past ten minutes.

Spencer is blank, waiting. O’Hara openly curious. It’s once again Guster who’s frowning, reserving judgment. Carlton clears his throat and gets to his feet.

Standing, not quite tall enough to look down at Spencer, everything seems almost like it should be.

“There a reason you’re here, Spencer? We have work to do.” The challenge sounds about right, and part of Carlton means it. He does have work to do, and it isn’t going to get done with Spencer and Company in here confusing him. But he can more than match anything Spencer can do, and arranges his face into a convincing scowl. A scowl that lasts until Shawn hops into a sitting position, claiming Carlton’s desk, saying clearly that he’s not going anywhere.

“Somebody sounds frustrated…” Shawn draws out the word, not remotely subtle or discreet; luckily, Carlton is incapable of blushing anymore. This time his glare is real, just like his quick look around for the Chief, who, thank God, isn’t there.

Shawn’s eyes are on his desk—and the open case file—when Carlton turns back and then he’s all wide-eyed innocence and jazz hands. Carlton sits abruptly back down and shoves the papers back into their folder.

“Tough case?” Spencer wonders and Carlton has only a second to get alarmed at the maniacal light in his eyes and then Spencer is flinging himself off the desk, spinning backwards and nearly falling over O’Hara’s.

“He must be having a vision!” Guster announces, practically reading from a script, and Carlton spares a moment to roll his eyes before training them back on Shawn. The idiot’s eyes are closed, but even with that he somehow manages to reach out and grab the single pen O’Hara left on her desk.

It drags him forward—or, if Carlton is being honest—Spencer acts as though the pen is dragging him forward, but ridiculous though it may be, Carlton knows he’s waiting for the pen to suddenly give him the answer he needs.

As though someone else’s hand is controlling it, the tip touches down on Spencer’s hand and then it’s a series of swirls and flourishes. Spencer’s eyes are still shut. Carlton looks up from the mad scribbles now decorating the top of his hand and part of his arm and wrist to Spencer’s face.

Instantly, Shawn shoves himself forward, his lips parting on a loud, wet gasp when he bumps back into Carlton’s desk. That he’s going to bruise is Carlton’s first thought, quickly followed by his second, much less innocent thought when Spencer rolls around to gasp again, knocking over stacks of mail and paperwork and everything else on Carlton’s desk just to bend himself backwards. Once he’s there, stretched out and vulnerable, he gasps once more, his upside-down mouth open, making a shocked, pleased sound that’s quickly followed by a contented, sated purr.

Carlton shuts his mouth—which fell open during gasp number one—and looks up to find that the eyes of the room are again on them, on Spencer’s little display.

He’d really like to think that Spencer’s visions hadn’t always been so obviously sexual, but seeing how not even McNab seems startled or surprised to see Shawn Spencer bent over Carlton’s desk and panting heavily, Carlton seriously doubts it. The Chief is by the coffee machine now, but before Carlton can jump to his feet and explain, she raises an eyebrow and goes back to sipping her coffee, already walking back down toward Booking as though nothing unusual has happened.

Carlton’s mouth falls open again. He doesn’t close it.

“Ink…” Spencer is mumbling now, babbling. He throws the pen to the side with a pointed gesture and goes on, opening his eyes and looking startled to find himself where he is. “Ink ink ink. The spirits are drilling it into me, or driving it into me.” His eyes meet Carlton’s. Carlton’s pulse is pounding in his ears. “Like…a tattoo!”

Shawn is up and holding out his arm, squinting at what he’s drawn onto his own skin.

“Of course!” He squints again and waves his handiwork at O’Hara. She, like everyone else still paying attention to them, looks to Carlton for his reaction.

Very carefully, Carlton coughs and then leans back in his chair. He can barely hear over the sound of his heartbeat. “A tattoo, Spencer?” It’s a dumb thing to be asking, especially since Spencer has seen their cases files at least twice by now. Three times if Carlton includes Spencer staring at the mugshot on his wall last night.

“Didn’t your suspect have a tattoo?” Guster asks, right on cue, snapping Carlton from the vaguely troubling thought.

“A person’s choice of tattoo artist is very personal, like the tat itself.” Spencer remarks, still breathing hard from the exertion of his vision. He slides back into a leaning position against Carlton’s desk and plops his hand down amid the mess he’s just made.

Following blue ink swirls down the forearm, down to the wrist and then back around, Carlton can clearly see the swooping, linked hearts that Spencer had managed to draw with his eyes closed, the same way he can read the ‘Lassi’ right in the middle of them.

And no, he’s not going to look back up, or in any way acknowledge any warm, stormy feelings in his gut that he wishes were indigestion. Not at his desk at least, not at the station, no matter how used to Spencer’s dramatics everyone seems to be.

Shawn clearly isn’t surprised by that. He’d waved that painted hand at O’Hara, indicating that he knew that she knew—how Carlton isn’t going to guess. Probably the same way he’d known about Carlton and Hornstock, though something about that still feels off, far too serious for any of Spencer’s usual shenanigans, as real as the way Shawn says his name just before coming. Carlton, helpless, almost angry.

“We could call local parlors, see if anyone around here does tattoos like…that…” O’Hara is musing out loud, instantly a believer. She rifles through her copies of the paperwork and pulls out that mugshot, propping it up for everyone to see.

That lizard draws attention, as always, and not for the first time, Carlton thinks it’s a reckless tattoo for a career criminal to have. So memorable that no one should miss it. But then Sherlock is usually a behind-the-scenes sort of mastermind.

“…Then we can pay them a visit, ask about repeat customers…” she’s going on.

“People with tattoos usually have more than one,” Guster volunteers, still being super helpful. “It’s addictive…or so I hear.”

Guster really is being helpful. Carlton considers the man again, then moves his gaze on to Shawn, who’s watching the other two seriously, waiting for them to catch up now that’s he’s provided a clue. From the side, the bruise on his neck seems bigger, more obvious, memorable, if not as glaring as a lizard with two dicks.

Two. Carlton freezes, mentally replaying the past few minutes, feeling some of that helpless, angry feeling of his own slipping away. Diphallia, Guster had said. Which is quite a coincidence. Good thing one of the first things cops learn is not to believe in them.

Spencer had already seen that picture in Carlton’s house last night. Carlton has a feeling, once O’Hara makes those calls, that they will find a parlor in town that does designs like that. He also has a feeling that Spencer and Guster have already been there today.

Well now he knows why they were late.

It’s overwhelming. Amazing. Maybe even astounding that Spencer—Shawn—had taken one look and made a leap like that. It’s even more astounding to think that not once last night had Shawn given even a hint that he might have the answer to finding that dirtbag.

Carlton sees his hands becoming fists but doesn’t care. He knows what would have happened if Spencer had told him last night. Sex or no sex, Shawn or no Shawn, Carlton would have run out of there at the first suggestions of a lead.

Or, sorry, a psychic vision. Carlton snorts, changes position. He arches one eyebrow when his move gets Spencer’s attention. At least, it openly gets Spencer’s attention; he’s not even going to wonder anymore just how much quick, careful observation Spencer must do to keep up his act.

Shawn actually looks worried that Carlton is laughing to himself. He blinks, even pauses his never ending twitching to look at him sideways. That’s something, getting even that much from Shawn without having to catch him off guard.

If he ever has. It could only be that he’s seen this much because Spencer has let him, that Spencer has deliberately dropped some of that control to allow Carlton in, past his defenses. But something about that phrasing has Carlton uncomfortable, makes him think of Spencer as a child, sporting that accidental black eye.

Spencer as a child just makes him think of Henry again, and Carlton has to shake away the image for now, getting to his feet again when the picture of Henry trying to teach Shawn to fight won’t leave him. Shawn isn’t a fighter, not like that anyway, and Henry should have known better.

Understanding Shawn Spencer might be too much to take right now, possibly too much to take ever, and Carlton doesn’t even have all the evidence. It’s no wonder Shawn only has the one real friend. It’s a lot to handle.

Shawn springs away when he rises, his smile flickering before winking out. Carlton stares blankly in return, sweeping a look over to Guster. Shawn is bright, fake, when he looks back. Everything he had been when he’d first come to this station with his psychic crap. Everything he wasn’t anymore.

“The spirits say this is a very bad man.” There’s an odd worried tremor in Spencer’s voice, though his arms are flying out in big, drama queen waves that no longer work on Carlton; he’s already been completely wrapped around Spencer’s finger for months now, so much so that even Spencer himself had finally noticed.

At that Carlton snorts again. Actually, that seemed to be the one thing Spencer hadn’t noticed. Not until the incidents with Hornstock, and though Carlton had thought it had only been some strange jealousy—the echo of that damn question, that better than Hornstock?—can still keep him up nights—it’s somehow beyond that now.

Maybe it’s the inked hand; it’s possibly as permanent as Spencer will ever get.

“So does his rap sheet,” Carlton comments tiredly, stepping out from behind his desk. O’Hara has her eye on them, even while she’s tearing through a phone book. Her files are still all over her desk, something Spencer would have seen while he’d done his usual thing and distracted everyone.

Just one big distraction. It’s also possible that that’s all this really is between them. A con job with some benefits.

Carlton’s chest gets so tight that he can’t move, can’t breathe.

A moment later he’s forcibly pulling in air, forcing himself to think, to look at everything without letting Spencer wave his hands or pull him into any closets.

If Spencer had wanted access to any of their information, he would have had an easier time chasing after O’Hara. She already hands over their files as though Spencer is entitled to them. And he’s still a civilian; Carlton’s not letting him see anything without direct permission from the Chief. He doesn’t care how talented Spencer’s mouth is.

Carlton looks up, focuses on Shawn who is still watching him with his head to one side, concerned and amused all at once.

A second later he’s got Shawn pinned against the glass wall of the Chief’s office. The Chief, thankfully, is still somewhere else so she can’t see Carlton making a fool of himself. That he knows he’s being an idiot doesn’t seem to be stopping him; Carlton keeps his hands firmly on Spencer’s shoulders and ignores the startled gasps from the pair next to them.

Shawn struggles for a moment, looking honestly shocked. His hair is clean, shining. It smells like Carlton’s conditioner. Spencer’s been in his shower. It takes work to keep himself still at the knowledge, to maintain eye contact with so much heat in the air. Then Shawn’s chest moves up and down, fast, not frightened at all. That had happened last night too, something shifting to make Spencer no longer so afraid.

“And why should I believe you and your spirits?” Carlton asks him in a quiet voice, painfully low, because he knows what he’s really asking even if Spencer doesn’t.

“Man, I cannot believe he shared his pineapple with you,” Guster remarks somewhere to the side. Carlton ignores that too, and the significance, if any, to Spencer slipping the occasional slice of the fruit between his lips. His fingers clutch tighter at green fabric, fighting the need to pull Spencer even closer.

They are already too close as it is, his body following Spencer’s without thought, pressing them both to the glass in a way that Carlton lives for, that’s possibly dirtier than any vision Spencer’s ever had.

“Lass.” Spencer whispers the nickname against his ear. His tone says he’s about to say something obvious. His eyes meet Carlton’s before he gives a wide grin for the benefit of their audience. “I’m helping you catch the bad guy!” The fact that Spencer can recall their audience when Carlton can barely think of them at all and then only to tell them all to go to hell only reminds him again of how in control Spencer really is. Always is.

Carlton works his jaw, narrows his eyes.

The heat that rises in Spencer’s face at that is something even he can’t fake. His hands come up, not that he’s fighting Carlton off. They just come up, rest on his chest. There they tap once at the straps of his holster, a reminder, and then Shawn’s smile lets Carlton breathe out, long and slow.

“There’s that look,” Shawn murmurs too low for anyone else to hear, then licks his lips. “…Five minutes,” he adds, almost to himself, not that Carlton even understands the first comment. Shawn’s expression is all speculation, exactly what it had been before dragging Carlton into that storage closet.

If that’s what “Five minutes” means, Spencer is wrong. It would take two minutes or less to get into Spencer’s pants. Spencer is, after all, the one jumping into bathrooms at every opportunity.

“Carlton?” O’Hara’s use of his name brings Carlton’s head up, just a fraction, gets his eyes off Spencer’s mouth. His ears are hot, which mean he’s flushed, again. He should be. He’s eyefucking Spencer against the wall of the Chief’s office. The clear glass wall of the Chief’s office.

This is…this is not the place. Carlton swallows, then yanks his hands from Shawn’s…from Spencer’s shirt. This is the station, he reminds himself. If he lets Spencer in here, he’s done, sunk for good and the lowliest purse snatcher downstairs is going to know it just by taking one look at his face.

His expressive face. The face that for whatever insane reason made Spencer lick at his jaw and laugh against his throat.

So the lowliest purse snatcher might already know. After all, Spencer is already here, practically in his arms whenever he gets the opportunity. Spencer is here, and apparently not about to go away unless Carlton screws this up. Which he probably will, Victoria had made that clear.

“I…” Carlton starts, aware that he’s still standing in Shawn’s space. He’s not speaking either. The inked hand is still on him. He wants to taste it in a way he knows that even Spencer will think is weird.

He twists the ring on his finger, knowing it’s just a matter of time before his devotion to duty and lack of romance sends Spencer running. Even a fake psychic has to see the disappointment coming. It’s a wonder he’s even still there.

He’s always been weird. A big joke. Even Spencer had thought so at first. But then Spencer had made it seem so easy, to just be weird together, as though he’s also been on the outside a few times. Carlton doesn’t think it would be easy at all, but like he’d thought before, Spencer is a rookie at all this. If he gets scared away, it’s better now than later.

Carlton takes a step back, spinning around to look at his desk, then O’Hara. He plasters a bright, fake smile on his face, and waves his hand at his partner.

“Why don’t you get on with it, O’Hara?” he snaps, turning away from the confusion on their faces, on Shawn’s face. He makes a point of flipping through Sigerson’s file again, still not looking up. “Meanwhile, if you don’t mind, Spencer, I’m going to do some actual police work.” He drops the file in his drawer and locks it before looking up.

Shawn isn’t bothering to hide his curiosity now, or his small frown. He only lowers his hands when it’s clear that Carlton really is going to walk away.

“I looked through this scum bag’s early arrest reports and found a list of known associates and aliases.” They had found those days ago, determined them all to be dead ends. Carlton smirks anyway. “If you’ll excuse me.”

“What?” Guster is a mix of annoyed and disbelieving. O’Hara’s already on the phone, frowning delicately at him. Carlton only looks at Spencer with one eyebrow up.

He knows exactly how psychic Spencer is. It’s the rest that has his heart thumping hard against his ribs. He blinks, and Shawn’s head comes up, something running through his expression before he expertly hides it.

Carlton moves. He strides off down the other hall, turning a corner before hurrying to a set of emergency stairs. He takes those three at a time, easily, and ends up one floor down. On this side the basement level is all storage rooms and passageways leading to the range or toward the M.E.’s building.

Several rooms are just the old paper files, hardcopies, in case they’re ever needed. That the doors are all locked isn’t going to matter, so when he slips inside the door marked only with an “S”, Carlton relocks the door behind him, takes a look around without turning on the light. It’s like he remembers; untouched piles of dust on cardboard boxes full of files. Row after row of metal shelves where there aren’t file cabinets, all of it visible in the dim light from the narrow windows just at the corner where the ceiling meets the wall. The glass there is also frosted, and too dirty for anyone to see in or out anyway.

It’s a room without any possible witnesses, because Carlton now knows exactly how psychic Shawn is.

All this stuff is on computer now, but Spencer doesn’t have access to that. Not even O’Hara would be that accommodating with her career on the line. But Carlton had told him there was information in the old files, and this is almost as good as fishing.

He ducks behind the door and to the side, somehow not at all surprised to hear the deliberately carrying sounds of Spencer and Guster arguing back and forth. There’s probably no one in the hall right now, but just the same, they are putting on a show. Or, at least, giving themselves the opportunity for a show, if one’s needed; Carlton has a feeling that even in private they argue like this.

“I am not a sidekick, Shawn.”

“Lookout, Gus, I said ‘lookout’ and there’s nothing wrong with being a sidekick.” It’s apparently Shawn’s turn to be patient. Carlton’s mouth twists.

“I’m not a lookout either, Shawn. In case you’ve forgotten, what you’re about to do is on the wrong side of legal.” That one makes Carlton twitch. There are some things it isn’t nice to have confirmed, and your suspe…damn psychi…new lov…sort of boyfriend admitting to criminal activities is one of them. How fortunate that Carlton can catch him before the act.

“And you knowing about it and not turning me in makes you the Boy Wonder to my Dark Knight.” Spencer goes on as their shadows appear in front of the frosted glass of the door. A moment later there’s a soft scraping noise that means that someone, either Spencer or his supposedly more responsible friend is picking the lock. Which makes this a day where Carlton’s…almost boyfriend…breaks two laws. Two that he knows of anyway.

“I am not Robin, Shawn!” The indignant cry is enough to bring attention to the empty hallway if they aren’t careful.

“Sssh!” Spencer immediately shushes his friend, and Carlton’s eyes narrow at the sudden click of the lock giving. One of them is clearly an experienced criminal. “Fine.” He gives in. “I’ll be the Green Hornet and you can be Bruce Lee.”

Carlton’s moving silently, trying not to think about that image, stepping away as the door swings in.

“Yeah,” Guster agrees after a pause, and Carlton watched Shawn slip into the room, still facing his friend in the hall. “I do have a high kick.”

“And Bruce Lee needs to keep an eye out for Lassiface,” Shawn finishes, dropping his voice, either to be convincing or simply because he’s remembering the felonies he’s working toward committing. He shuts the door just as softly and Carlton steps behind him and puts a hand on his shoulder.

The high, girlish scream—quickly muffled though it may be—is a more than a little satisfying.

Shawn shuts up the second he turns around to see who’s grabbing him, but Carlton slaps a hand over his mouth for a moment anyway. The sight is reminiscent of another moment when the two of them had been locked in a room together with others right outside. Shawn mumbles something against his palm, his name, his lips moving around one stunned breath and Carlton immediately removes his hand.

Shawn’s eyes are wide, alarmed, before he narrows them and manages to look suspiciously at Carlton. Carlton’s palm tingles.

“Shawn?” The whisper through the door doesn’t take Spencer’s eyes off him. Carlton recalls himself enough to glare pointedly, since he’s not the one breaking and entering. He does not lick his lips. Spencer licks his.

“Spiders, Gus,” is all Spencer says, not hesitating to tell his best friend a lie. Carlton shuts his mouth, then pushes against Shawn’s shoulder, shoving the little liar backward. Shawn’s eyes go wide again, his mouth opening and already going a mile a minute.

“Lassi I was just coming to see you,” he tries, and Carlton pushes him back again, enjoying Shawn’s soft gasp when he runs into a cabinet. He steps to the side, ends up between two rows of shelves, just out of sight of the door.

There’s less light here, but Carlton’s sure Spencer can see his grin anyway. He follows him to the shelves.

“Nice try, Spencer.” He must be crazy, because he actually is amused, though he can’t help saying more. “Should I list the laws you’re breaking right now?” He could, and that’s without pointing out the clear case of fraud. Proving them would be something else, but he can definitely list them.

He’s still got his hands on Shawn’s shoulders, but he’s not pushing anymore. Shawn’s head goes to one side while he catches his breath, while he thinks, because that silence means he’s plotting, or about to leap into a vision.

It’s a shame Carlton’s not in the mood. He yanks Spencer around with the ease of practice, shoving him against the shelf, putting a leg between both of his to slide his legs apart.

He doesn’t grab his hands to cuff them behind his back, doesn’t need to. Shawn expels a shocked breath, and then lifts them both, curling them around the shelf by his head. There’s a little hitch in his breathing and suddenly Carlton is also having trouble getting air.

Spencer’s not protesting. It takes him a second to recover from that realization. And by recover, he means leaning closer to press himself against Shawn’s body, inhaling the scent of his conditioner, the image of Spencer in his shower.

“How about, you were down here to snoop on the Sigerson case?” he suggests, his voice getting low. He sounds angry, even if he doesn’t feel angry, though once again, Shawn isn’t reacting with fear.

His hands give suddenly on the shelves, slide down an inch as though his palms are damp. There’s perspiration at his neck as well, a faint sheen beneath his ear, along his hairline. He turns his head and Carlton finds his lips in that carefully casual hair.

“And why…why would I need to do that?” Spencer wonders, breathing so hard Carlton can feel Shawn’s back rub against his chest. He shifts, trying to ease that, trying to remember a lot of things, like what he’d been about to say, and why he’d been about to say it.

Only the answer, that Shawn isn’t psychic, gets stuck in his throat. Carlton swallows dryly, next to Spencer’s ear, and Spencer turns again, into the sound. He’s somehow managed to put on some of the cologne he’d complained before was too strong. Carlton still disagrees.

He tries again, freezing before he can even form the words, accuse Spencer of fraud. It’s true, and they both know it. Saying it shouldn’t make a difference, but Shawn is breathing hard in his arms, practically daring Carlton to frisk him, to take everything, and just like that, Carlton knows that he’s not going to say it. Truth or Dare is a stupid game; truth is always the better option.

“Maybe,” he grunts at last, sliding around to whisper in Spencer’s other ear. “Maybe you just had to see me.” His face ought to be burning at that ridiculous sentence, but something in it must have surprised Shawn anyway. He twists to follow Carlton, dropping his hands and turning around to face him.

His voice was too rough for him to play it off as a joke, and Spencer’s observant, though not a psychic. He pauses—a bare second to notice everything and draw conclusions—and then he’s grinning without moving away from the shelf. There’s color in his cheeks.

“Lass…” He rolls his eyes, his whole attitude indicating that Carlton should have frisked him. “Check my pocket.”

Carlton’s scowling in an instant, jerking Shawn forward and sliding a hand down to his pocket, fully expecting to find missing evidence. His hand skims over Shawn’s ribs, his stomach, and while he might be struck with fever at hearing the noises Shawn makes at that, he keeps on frowning until he pulls a familiar little bottle and two—yellow this time—condoms.

That Spencer always brings two is an interesting fact to think about later, he decides, faintly.

“Christ,” he says out loud, bringing his eyes back up. “Christ,” he swears again when he gets a good look at the blatantly hungry expression on Shawn’s face. He’s only ever seen him look that way at a certain kind of fruit, and though it makes Guster’s remark make a lot more sense, it’s still almost too much to process.

He steps closer before he can think better of it, breathing hard and wondering what’s on his face that makes Spencer’s mouth fall open. He’s got his hands at Shawn’s sides in the next second, stroking up and down even though he’s shaking his head.

This isn’t why he came down here, except that he has a sinking feeling it is. And it’s not a good idea. For reasons he should list out loud, this is a bad idea. Reasons like this being the station, this being Shawn Spencer who’s probably loud in church, reasons like the fact that they did this last night, and even though he threatens, he knows he doesn’t really want to hurt Shawn, and, of course, the fact that they aren’t really alone.

But he could have Shawn in less than a minute, he argues with himself, staring hard down into the face of the man daring him to, who wants him to be the one lose control, to fuck right here in the station.

Carlton brings his head up, dragging his gaze from Shawn to look around. He can’t see the door, but Shawn reads his mind before he can mention it, sliding a hand down to his belt.

“You really have to trust in the power of Gus,” Shawn chides him, quietly, seriously for someone working a belt buckle free with one hand and taking the lubricant and condoms from Carlton and setting them behind him on a shelf with the other. There’s something else in his voice, but he’s too controlled to say it directly, his hands sure at Carlton’s zipper.

He hasn’t moved other than to turn around. His back is to one shelf, his legs spread. He gets the buckle undone and one button, then Carlton grabs his hands.

Stopped, Shawn jerks his head up. “Getting shy on me, Lass?” Carlton hates that smug tone and Shawn’s too smart not to know that. He changes his grip, adds more force though Shawn isn’t struggling, sees Shawn’s eyes widen, his breathing pick up again.

He’s often thought Spencer was driving him crazy on purpose. Now he knows.

Carlton pushes those hands back, holds them by the wrist against the dusty metal. They’re down low for now, but he could bring them up, twist Spencer around and hold him in that pose again, keep him that way.

He meets Shawn’s gaze and clenches his jaw at the speculation and heat there, as though Shawn is working out just how many more insults it would take to get Carlton to do just that. But if he looks down, he’ll see just how much Shawn wants him to, needs him to, something else he won’t admit directly.

“Don’t tell me you can’t,” Shawn adds another taunt, right on cue, and even knowing just how easily Spencer can play him, Carlton brings Shawn’s hands up next to his head. He pushes to hold them there, drawing himself even closer.

“There’s the look,” Shawn remarks softly, for the second time, looking far too pleased with himself. Deliberately pleased, Carlton reminds himself, and breathes out, taking his time.

Then he arches one eyebrow, breathes in. He lets the thought of the Shawn out there move him, pulling his head back just as Shawn angles his up, obviously expecting a kiss. Shawn’s displeased frown at that settles things. He can do it, what Spencer wants.

Carlton glances to the side, in the direction of the door, and Guster, their lookout, and the one man strong enough to put up with this for over two decades. He straightens, inhaling clean, Spencer-free air, trying to control himself. One of them has to, and this time it’s not going to be Spencer.

At that somehow unsurprising realization, he looks back to Shawn and lets his mouth curve up.

Shawn’s jaw goes slack for a moment, his expression stunned before he can hide it, and that’s enough.

Carlton pulls one of Shawn’s hands up, holds it between them, peering at the scrawling hearts in the dim light, the unmistakable slashes of his nickname, written documentation right there for the world to see on the back of Shawn’s hand.

“I thought you’d like tha-at,” Shawn starts in his smart-ass tone, his voice jumping when Carlton darts out his tongue to taste the ink. It’s not what he’d imagined upstairs, but the shocked moment of silence from Shawn makes him do it again, lick metallic ink and salty skin. He looks up, then curls his tongue around two fingers, pulling them into his mouth.

The muffled banging a moment later is the sound of Shawn falling back against the shelf.