The Trip To the Mall

This is a fairly tame story, but it is true. I have a
few others I may be able to share.
One fine August Saturday, a few years ago, my
then-girlfriend announced that she needed to buy a new
bra. I immediately thought of going to 3 or 4
different stores, waiting as she tried on different
bras in the dressing room while I waited outside- only
able to imagine what was happening on the other side
of the curtain! Thinking quickly, I said "Sure! Why
don't you take off the bra you are wearing now so it
will be easier to try on bras at the stores?" Somewhat
to my surprise she said yes and proceeded to take her
bra off without taking off her top (I love it when
women do that!). I was a little surprised because she
would occasionally go without a bra when she was
wearing a conservative top that wouldn't reveal much.
However, that day she was wearing a light blue knit
sweater style tank top that had little holes all over
that let you see through it somewhat.
When we got outside I noticed that you could
definitely see through her top enough to make out her
nipples. Her breasts were small b-cups with dark pink
nipples about the size of a quarter. We had been going
to the lake a lot that summer, and she had a good tan,
except of course where her bikini covered her. This
meant that her top, from the back or side, actually
looked like she was still wearing a bra, because her
skin was very pale where her bra should have been, and
a nice light tan everywhere else. From the front it
also looked like she was still wearing a bra, except
you could make out her nipples.
When we got to the mall we went to a few different
stores first, just doing some shopping. I observed
quite a few men, and some women, notice that they
could see through my girlfriends top. She didn't seem
to notice the extra attention she was getting. We
finally went to a store that sold bras and she picked
out 4 or 5 to try. She went into the dressing room
while I waited right outside. She came out much faster
then I was expecting. Her face was red, and she was
holding the bras she was trying on over her chest.
"This top is much more see through than I thought!"
she whispered into my ear. "You better not try to
cover up like that," I told her. "It only makes it
more obvious."
"Let's get this one bra I like and go right home." she
told me. We went to the cash register and I stood off
to the side so I could see her from the front as she
made the purchase. The cashier was a lady, but my
girlfriend kept covering up her breasts by folding her
arms over her chest. I motioned for her to act
natural, so she put her arms down and stood there. I
don't know if it was the excitement, or embarrassment,
but her nipples got very hard while she stood there.
They got pretty long when hard, and the right one was
actually poking out of one the little holes in her
top!
We didn't go anywhere else that day, and she never
would wear that top without a bra for me again. But,
it was a great afternoon!



 
