House understood that the wedding had to be a Sunday because Saturday was the Sabbath; Wilson may not have been observant but his parents were, after a fashion. "Jewish when convenient," House called it.

That afternoon, he grumblingly climbed into a tuxedo. Wilson had insisted on spending the night at his parents' house, saying 'the bride shouldn't see the groom.' He really was a girl. House smiled at the thought of Wilson in bridal drag, his face covered by a white veil. Actually, the thought made him kind of hot. But Wilson looked even hotter in a tuxedo.

The first sign that something might not be right was when he drove toward the Wilson home. There were signs tied to trees with white ribbons and gold balloons: WILSON WEDDING THIS WAY. There were cars filling the driveway and down the block.

House had to park several cars down. He was using his special occasion cane with the silver handle, but it was still painful to limp that far.

"Oh, God." The walk leading up to the front door was lined with short posts, each tied to each other with white ribbons, each one festooned with a yellow rose. There was the sound of a happy, slightly drunk crowd.

"House!" It was Foreman, looking perfect as always in a tuxedo he probably owned. He had been getting his drink on. A woozy smile was on his face. He threw a friendly arm around his boss's shoulders. "House, you will not believe what is going on back there."

"Lesbian strippers?"

"You wish. Damn, House, it's worse than that movie, Steve Martin, you know, where his daughter's getting married. They got a damn harpsichord!" Foreman paused. "I'm sorry about the bachelor party."

"Let us never talk about it again. Unless I need to mock you."

Foreman sighed deeply. "I thought cow-tipping would be fun."

Inside, it was a house of horrors. All of these people House had never met were slapping him on the back or shaking his hand, but he didn't hear a word they were saying. All he saw was the white satin everywhere, and across the living room, a huge white banner festooned with hearts:

CONGRATULATIONS GREG & JIMMY

Under each name, one of those icky wide-eyed cherubs was holding a daisy. House felt like the floor was rocking under him. There were platters of food, a full bar, and strangers—dozens of strangers.

"Greggy!" Mrs. Wilson was dressed in a pink sheath dress and matching jacket. She threw her arms around House, ignoring the fact he stiffened. "You look wonderful!"

"Thanks. Where's the patriarch?"

"He'll come down when the ceremony starts. There's an important ball game on TV." House glanced around the room, simultaneously looking for the bar and for his mother. He spotted her first, ashen-faced in the corner, in a black flowered pants suit. She was dressed for a funeral.

"Hi, Mom," he said tentatively when he reached her through the mob. "Thanks for coming."

"I had to," Blythe said. Her meaning was vague. "Greg, are you sure you want to go through with this?"

House forced a smile. He was having doubts. "Yes, Mom, Wilson's the man for me."

"Oh!" Blythe put her head down and cried quietly. House gave her his handkerchief.

"It'll be over soon, Mom, then you can speed back to Kentucky where I'd get killed on sight."

"Oh, Greg," Blythe sobbed.

Foreman, holding two glasses of bourbon, found him in the horde. "Here, House, have a drink." He lifted his glass in a toast. "To House and Wilson, may your lives be as strange as the two of you."

"Uh, thanks, Foreman."

There was the sound of a tinkling harpsichord, and all of the guests started filing out into the backyard. Foreman grinned. "We'd better take our positions, House. I'll hold you up."

"I don't need it," House snapped.

"You will."

###################################################

It was worse than House's worst nightmare. The backyard was decorated with white satin swags, tables with white satin tablecloths and gold plastic flatware, a bouquet of yellow roses on each table. The chairs on either side were packed. House had only invited Foreman and his mother, but his entire team was there. So much for House's side of the family. Cuddy hadn't been invited, at Wilson's request. Chase was smirking, Taub had obviously had yet another fight with his wife, and Thirteen was eyeing the bridesmaids.

The bridesmaids…Wilson's three ex-wives. All in cream colored eyelet long gowns. Sam was glaring at him, Bonnie looked like she wanted to fall through the earth, the third one whose name he could never remember was smiling. She gave him a wink.

"Come on, that's your cue," Foreman said, as the harpsichord started playing 'Ave Maria'. He took House's arm.

'Ave Maria?' At a wedding?"

"Don't ask me, it was Wilson's mother's idea."

Foreman walked on House's left down the aisle, when House saw the huppah. It was also white and gold, a cloth canopy on gold posts. Underneath was a grim rabbi. It was clear he did not want to be there. Neither did House.

"I can't do this," House muttered to Foreman.

"You've gone this far, House, it'll be over in a few moments." Foreman guided House to his side under the huppah.

House saw the wedding cake. Oh dear motherfucking God, it was six tiers high, with white icing and gilt cherubs frolicking around it, with two little groom figures on top. House had put a lot of stuff in his mouth, but he drew the line at that cake. There were gold cages with white doves hung around the garden.

Mr. Wilson and Peter Wilson slid into chairs in the back, glowering at House, both smoking stogies.

The harpsichord struck up 'Here Comes The Bride,' and out of the house came Wilson, on the arm of his mother. House thought he would have an aneurysm.

Wilson was wearing a tuxedo, like his. But on Wilson's head, he was wearing…

A bridal veil. 

Beneath the white tulle Wilson looked like he wanted to die. It was two layers, the top to his ears and the underlayer to his shoulders, but it was a fucking wedding veil. Muffled snickers could be heard throughout the audience.

"Jesus fuck, man, a veil?" Foreman muttered.

"Okay, that's IT!" House yelled as loudly as he could. "Stop that goddamn music!"

The harpsichord broke off. Wilson stared at House under his veil.

"I don't know whose sick fantasy this is, but Wilson, if you think I'm going to let a rabbi marry us under a goddamn God canopy, in a backyard that looks like a white satin brothel, with you wearing that—" House choked. "That thing on your head—"

In a fury, House swung his cane at Wilson's head, meaning to pull the veil off of it. Instead, it knocked into one of the fancy gilded bird cages, resulting in a flurry of white doves flying out. One white dove flew smack into Wilson's veil, getting its claws tangled. Panicked, the dove flapped its wings, slapping Wilson's head.

"Get this off of me!" Wilson yelled. Several guests sprang to his aid as House made a hasty retreat.

Mrs. Wilson looked around the crowd in dismay, then at the rabbi, then at Wilson.

"Does anyone else here want to marry my boy?" she asked. "I mean, we have the huppah and everything."

Sam started laughing.