This story was produced as adult entertainment and should not be read by minors.

Vicki and Carl get married (a Vicki story)
by Carl Zak Brown (c) 2002                                 

It had been a delicate negotiation. Even after she had admitted that she loved him, she still said that she did not want to marry him, it would tie her down too much. He said that he knew that she would always want lots of sex partners and that he would too.

But he convinced her, and they did get married. This is what happened on their wedding day.

Vicki looked radiant as she walked down the aisle to join her expectant fiance Carl. The ceremony was as short as they could make it, they needed plenty of time for the reception.

As they had arranged, it was the Best Man who helped her to change out of her wedding dress into the evening dress she was to wear for the party. Of course, it took quite a long time, as once he had her undressed, he thoroughly fucked her. Carl had looked long and hard for someone to do this service for them, he needed to have a biggish cock and be a great lover, Carl had had a great time in the months before the wedding, watching possible candidates for the job with different girls. Of course, once the prospective candidates for the Best Man had finished their work with the girls, Carl had his turn with the ladies as well, he needed plenty of practice if he was going to keep Vicki happy.

While Vicki was changing out of her wedding dress, Carl was in another room with two of the bridesmaids. Vicki had selected these, and had promised that one of them would be a virgin. Carl had never deflowered a virgin before, and he was disappointed to find that both girls had lost their hymens, however they were so lovely that he didn't mind.

While Vicki and Carl were busy, dancing had been arranged for the other guests. About an hour after the reception had started, Carl and Vicki emerged together, ready for the wedding meal. What some of the guests did not know was that while the meal was being eaten, Carl and Vicki were being eaten as well, by two people under the table, strategically hidden by the table cloth from prying eyes. Many of the family members at the top table were not in on the secret, and were slightly worried when both Vicki and Carl started hyperventilating half way through the meal. However, the bride and groom soon recovered, most of their friends decided they were just overexcited because of the wedding.

Carl was careful before the speeches to make sure his fly was done up, he had prudently decided to wear a pair of trousers with a button fly, not a zip, he did not want a "There's Something about Mary" incident.

After the meal, the dancing resumed. Some of the guests kept disappearing and then reappearing, the more staid members of the wedding party assumed they had eaten something that disagreed with them, in fact there was an orgy going on in some of the side rooms. Vicki and Carl were the principal participants in the orgy, but not together, however they were taking on all comers separately. Carl was busy fucking as many women as possible, at the same time receiving several cocks up his bottom, while Vicki was fast losing count of the number of blow jobs she had given, her jaws were starting to ache. She didn't even know who was fucking her cunt, she just felt penis after penis, large, small and medium size being pushed there.

From time to time Vicki and Carl emerged briefly to meet and greet the dancers, before returning to their respective orgy rooms for more fucking.

Eventually the time came for the happy couple to leave, they were going to an airport hotel for the night before flying off to their honeymoon in the morning. David and Wendy, two of Carl's friends, were driving them to the hotel.

At the hotel, Carl told Vicki "David and Wendy are staying for the night. I have two rooms booked, one of which has two double beds, so we can all sleep in the same room together, or you can sleep with me, or with David in separate rooms." Vicki said "Why can't I sleep with Wendy, and you share the other room with David?" So that's what they did. Vicki never did find out what David and Carl did, but she had a really good time with Wendy, she hardly slept at all that night.

On the plane in the morning, Carl fucked Vicki for the first time since their wedding. "Thank you very much, Mrs. Brown, for marrying me" he said. "Thank you for asking me to", she replied.


Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author

