My older sister - part 5

(after enjoying his gorgeous older sister (see part 4 and before), the 13-year-old brother gets to watch, then perform, before being able to play with her and her school friends.)

Through the partially open door, I could see legs and arms all over the bedroom. And naked bodies too. Four of my sister's friends and herself seemed to be engaged in playing with each other somehow. Hands were on little budding breasts, stroking along soft young thighs, even playing deep inside hot young pussies. At first, I couldn't count how many of them there were, but I soon found that I could recognise at least five different girls, even tho a couple had their faces deep between other girl's thighs. The aroma of heated young girls' bodies was awesome. My cock was throbbing with excitement.

I just watched as the orgy continued for several minutes, each girl building herself and the others into a frenzy of lust. I was so tempted to pull out my cock and stroke it while I watched, but just as the temptation became almost too great, Sarah looked up from the bed, where she was being deliciously licked by her friend Cindy.

"Hi, Little Bro!" she called.

At that moment, all activity ceased and five lovely girls looked straight at me, their eyes almost immediately dropping to gaze at the huge tent in my shorts.

"See what I mean!" crowed Sarah.

"He's gigantic!" giggled Christy, another girl I partly recognised.

"Yea!," laughed Maisy, "Immense!"

The five girls sat up as Sarah beckoned me into the room.

"Bro!" she cried. "You're going to have to show us that thing!"

"Will he stroke it for us?" laughed Simone, the fourth girl I knew.

"If he doesn't, we'll do it for him!" giggled the one girl I didn't recognise as she had emerged from between Christy's legs.

"Shut up, Alicia!" ordered Sarah. "Remember what we agreed?"

"Oh, yea!" the fifth girl mumbled. "Sorry!"

Sarah crawled off her bed and knelt in front of me as I stepped a little closer to the bed.

"Are you ready, girls?" asked Sarah, with a nervous giggle.

They all nodded and looked eagerly at me, most of them concentrating on the lower half of my body, but Alicia's eyes never left mine for a moment. She was grinning very naughtily.

"OK, Little Bro," murmured Sarah, her eyes alight with desire. "It's time for your party piece."

I looked at her in astonishment, not quite sure what she was asking me to do. But from the intense looks I was getting from the girls, I slowly came to realise that they wanted to watch me stroke my cock and cum in front of them. Well, I thought, there was no reason not to, was there? My cock was already throbbingly hard and needed relief, so I stood still just inside Sarah's bedroom and slowly unzipped my shorts.

The five girls knelt and then sat on the floor in a semi-circle at my feet. I felt like a god being worshipped. I let my shorts drop to the floor and gently eased my big cock out of my briefs. There were gasps of amazement and comments from all of the girls. I blushed with their adoration of my hard weapon. I dropped my briefs and stood still for a while as the girls looked closely at my huge shaft and purple swollen cock head.

"Come on, Bro!" urged Sarah.

"Yea, do it - but slowly!" cried Maisy.

"And cum on my tits!" giggled Cindy offering her sizeable package towards me.

I gulped and swallowed as my cock leaked yet more pre-cum, which began to drip to the floor. Sarah leaned forward and caught the drip in her hand, then licked it adoringly.

"He tastes as good as he looks!" she assured her friends, all eagerly watching, naked and open to my eyes.

I grabbed hold of my shaft and groaned deeply as a surge of pleasure shot through me. I'd cum so many times with my hand that I'd not expected this time to feel any different. But I guess that five horny girls sitting keenly observing my every move must have had some internal effect on me!

I began to slowly stroke my cock, watching as five pairs of young girls' eyes followed my every move. I kept looking at Alicia, who wasn't watching my hand - she was concentrating on my face, and grinning because her hands wer busy playing with her open pussy lips. Every so often, a moan would escape the mouths of one or other of the girls. I soon realised that they were all playing with their pussies. Some of them were also squeezing and fondling their breasts and nipples. It was a scene to cause the biggest eruption in history.

I could feel my balls cramping up, a sure sign that my orgasm would arrive quite soon. Sarah also knew what to look for.

"His balls are clamping. He's gonna cum!" she squealed excitedly.

"Oh, yea. Cum!" Called Cindy, followed by the other girls' moans and groans. 

It looked like they were all about to explode into a simultaneous orgasm at the same time as me. I quickened my hand movements slightly, feeling the initiation of my orgasm from deep in my balls.

"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" screamed Sarah as she orgasmed,

I grunted loudly then cried wildly as my own orgasm burst forth. Cum spurted out in a huge fountain, hitting Sarah in the face. The second spurt was even stronger and landed in Cindy's hair then trickled down her face. The third spurt I purposely aimed at Alicia who opened her lovely mouth and took as much as she could catch right inside, letting the remainder drip onto her breasts. The other girls gathered round to catch as much of my cum as possible as my cock continued to spurt another five times, before the flow calmed down to a dribble.

"I have to taste him!" giggled Maisy, as she pushed the other girls aside and grabbed my still-hard cock.

She opened her mouth quickly and pushed as much of my cock inside as she could, almost gagging in the process. She expertly ran he fingers up the outside of my cock to expel all the cum she could into her mouth. She swallowed hungrily and then let my cock go.

It remained sticking out obscenely. much to the amusement of the girls.

"That was a great show, Little Bro!" cooed Sarah, her eyes alight from her orgasm.

Her friends all nodded in agreement. Alicia gave me that naughty smile and then opened her mouth in a big 'O'.

"What next?" asked Cindy.

"I think Little Bro would like to join us in a changing daisy chain. What do you reckon, girls? Each of us gets five minutes with one another. Then we'll see what state we are all in?" suggested Sarah.

There was a chorus of agreement, even though I was not really sure what she meant by a changing daisy chain. I was very soon instructed what to do.

The girls all lie down with one girl's face between the next girl's legs, at least until they came to me. Sarah pushed me down in front  of her.

"You lick Cindy's pussy while I suck your cock!" she explained. "Then we all move round one. OK?"

I nodded dumbly, realising that my cock was going to get the pleasure of each girl's mouth while I tasted each of their hot young pussies. What more could a young boy like me dream of?

(being continued. OMG this story is making me so hot - I just have to keep stopping and cumming!! Cheers, Amber - you light up my day!)

[comments and suggestions to rockyhard4uc@gmail.com. I love to chat with girls on gmail or yahoo (rockhard4uc) - pls join me soon.]
