      Laura - Chapter 368
      
      
      
      
      
      
      Lunching with some clients at Scotts, a trendy seafood restaurant in the Embarcadero Center, and one so loud with the yammering of the lunch crowd that you could barely hear yourself think, Laura spotted, several tables away, Paula Cooper, also in a group, looking almost sedate, and gorgeous.  She still wore her stylish red plastic framed glasses that Laura recalled her removing before Laura had kissed her ravenously in one of the empty apartments she had been showing Laura as a stand-in for Frankie, who needed to move to the city after the sale of her and her ex-husbands house.  For several minutes Paula did not notice her, and so in the interstices of boring business conversation she could grab quick glances in her direction, feeling herself quiver inwardly with memories of having devoured the womans smooth black swans neck, as well as the rest of her thrilling long slender black body.  Paula was the real estate agent she had met while helping Frankie look for an apartment in the city.
      
      Though she and Paula, it had quickly turned out, were more interested in fucking each other than in prospective apartments for Frankie.  
      
      Paula finally looked her wayand did a mild, barely noticeable little double-take when she recognized Laura.  She looked away, almost blushing, or what would be blushing if she were not so dark.  Maybe thats one reason I like her so much, Laura reasoned; Laura, me, the world champion of blushing unexpectedly.  She gets flummoxed like me.  Paula was clearly a little flummoxed, but, like Laura, suddenly much more interested in this across-the-room flirtation than she was in the conversation of her lunch companions.  She kept looking over at Laura every few seconds, and smiled back knowingly when Laura smiled at her.
      
      Laura let a few minutes pass, then, waiting patiently for another moment when Paula glanced over at her, she made excuses and got up from the table, heading toward the back of the restaurant where the restrooms were located.  Surreptitiously, she again looked over at Paula, who nodded almost imperceptibly to acknowledge that she had got the message.
      
      They met in the small, concealed corridor leading to the Ladies Room.  God, its great to see you, Laura said to her in a hushed near-whisper.  You look great.
      
      This was code for: Id like to rip off your clothes and fuck you to the moon right here.  
      
      Paula deciphered Lauras code quickly and without effort.  You too, she grinned, flashing the same sexual semaphore at Laura with her dark, flashing eyes.  You never called me.
      
      Oh, out with the accusations already, Laura teased her.  Couldnt.  Married, you know.  She waggled her gold-ringed finger in front of Paulas face.
      
      Of course Paula already knew that Laura was married.  She herself had a live-in partner.  Or had had one at the time.  Part of the relish of their earlier encounter was derived from the guilt of cheating, and they had both enjoyed it to the fullest.
      
      Not me, Paula said in a clipped manner, as if just to be informative.  We split.  Caught her screwing a secretary.  Actually . . . three secretaries.  One more than I could stomach.  She smiled.  Rather, beamed.
      
      You dont look too broken up over it, Laura said, grinning.
      
      Forget her.  Now I can try to break up your marriage.
      
      Good luck with that, Laura sniped.  But I would . . . like to . . . see you.  She paused appropriately to let the see you sink in.  You know what I mean, you hot thing.  She let her eyes briefly sweep up and down Paulas body, a long trip, since Paula was tall.
      
      Not tonight, Josephine, Paula cracked.  You see those people at my table?  Theyre about to sign a deal for one of those two million dollar condos in that new One Rincon Hill building.  You know, the tall silvery one by the Bay Bridge.
      
      I happen to know someone who already owns one there, Laura wanted to tell her and brag a little about her rich girl paramour.  But she refrained.  She fucked my ears off last week, just like you want to do.  Running with the rich folks now? she said to Paula instead.
      
      Its all business.  Her eyes sparkled devilishly.  I aint doing bad, though, now that you mention it.  Ill get a big commission.
      
      Mmmmm.  Champagne to celebrate?  Call me?  She slipped Paula her business card.
      
      What will Ms. Bell think?
      
      This was a reference to Frankie, through whom Laura and Paula had met.  Paula then and now had seemed confused about Lauras wife and Lauras friend Frankie, which was which.  
      
      Frankie? Laura smiled.  She would wish me luck, I hope.  But she works so hard shell never even know.  She and I havent even . . . seen each other . . . in about two months.  Work and sleep, thats Frankie.
      
      Poor thing.  Maybe we should invite her to our champagne party.
      
      Are you kidding.  Laura, after looking around to make sure they were alone, leaned forward to peck her on her impossibly velvety black cheek.  Im not sharing you with anybody!  Youre mine.
      
      This made Paula almost blush again.  Ill call you.
      
      You better.
      
      I will.
      
      But she didnt.  Laura expected a call in the next few days, but when it didnt come the thought of Paula moved to the back of her mind.  The sheik from Dubai who had flirted with acquiring her company had disappeared, or turned to other playthings, but there were still interested parties, from corporate raiders to flamboyant billionaires; and neither she nor her fellow workers were given much time to sigh in relief that yet another acquisition feeler had died in a welter of anxious rumor and innuendo.  
      
      On top of that, her weekly Thursday nights at the Suicide Hotline were beginning to weigh her down, especially since Brenda, who had got her involved with it in the first place, had taken some time off to tend to her terminally ill mother.  No matter how depressing Thursday nights were, Laura had got into the habit of knowing that at the end of each one she and Brenda would drown their mild depression in an exuberant hour of hot fucking.  Now, though she was ashamed of herself for mourning its loss, not even that was available to console her.
      
      It was on such a night, while she was still fielding calls from the near-terminally depressed, that she got a call on her cell phone from Paula.  Finally.  
      
      I cant talk to you right now, she whispered.  Very busy.
      
      Oh?  With somebody important? Paula half-teased.  Somebody who wouldnt like to know who this is?
      
      Ill tell you all about it . . . later.
      
      I wouldnt dream of interrupting you, Paula said acidly.
      
      Dont hang up!  I just cant explain.  Right now.  Then she shrugged and explained anyway, briefly, since there was an abused teenaged girl on the Suicide line, who maybe was flirting with self-violence or maybe wasnt.  It was frequently hard to tell.  Im a volunteer, she told Paula.  Suicide Hotline.  Ive got to talk to this person.  She needs my ear.  And my sympathy.  Sorry.  Let me call you back in an hour.
      
      Paula seemed somewhat shocked and chastened.  Oh . . . Laura.  Sorry.  I had no idea you
      
      You dont have to apologize.  I just . . . Ive got to talk to her.  She might hurt herself.
      
      Go right ahead.  Dont mind me.  Just call me when you get the chance.  Im so . . . proud of you.  Go ahead.  Save her.  Call me later.
      
      I will.
      
      Of course, Laura reflected, you never knew if you saved her.  Or him, as the case might be.  You talked, gently, reasonably, sometimes it seemed for hours, trying to coax them away from self-harm.  Usually the conversations ended well, as well as you could expect, with, one hoped, a broader perspective on life being shared.  But Laura knew just talking them out of it once was no cheap cure.  You didnt know what they would face when they hung up the phone.
      
      These notions were certainly not compatible with scintillating sex, but she managed them as well as possible in order to get some sleep that night and to get through one more day at work.  She had not even thought to look yet toward the weekend, though Makeeda would be out of town, appearing at a jazz cabaret in Milwaukee.  Finally feeling a little better on Saturday afternoon, she phoned Paula.
      
      Did you keep her from killing herself? Paula asked immediately.
      
      How do I know? Laura snapped, then felt guilty for snapping.  Sorry.  I didnt mean to seem sharp.
      
      No problem.  I think youre a saint for voluntarily undergoing such stress.  I could never do it.
      
      You never know until you try, Laura sighed.  
      
      As they talked, she pictured Paula naked, the way she had looked the first and only time they had fucked.  Paulahandcuffed, at her request, writhing, her long, sleek, black body gleaming and straining, her pretty little breasts and large dark nipples shimmying as she climaxed, her face contorted by the excruciating spasm of a wrenching orgasm.  Oh god, I want some of that! she realized.
      
      The sound of your voice makes me horny, she said, more or less blurting it out, with no attempt to soften the issue.
      
      In that case, Paula said, amused, let me give you my new address.  This was not the apartment she had previously shared with her now-estranged or severed partner, whom Laura had never met.  But she and Paula had fucked, heatedly, and speedily, during a lunch hour, in that apartment.  How long will it take you to get here? Paula asked.
      
      Her new apartment was in the Marina, though thankfully not near the house formerly occupied by Nyomi and her daughter Alana.  That might have brought back too many memories.  I think I can get there in . . . she looked at her watch.  About five minutes.  Just kidding.  Maybe half an hour, depending on the bridge traffic.
      
      See you then.  Ive got champagne and caviar.
      
      Dont bother.  Im a working class sort of girl.  Beer and pretzels are fine.
      
      Laura packed her little valise.  In went the Double Penetrator.  In went the short-handled riding crop.  In went the velvet rope.  She didnt mean to presume, but at the start of the only time they had ever fucked, Paula had asked Laura to handcuff her.  And when Laura had demurred, objecting You dont even know me, Paula had quickly and firmly said, I know you.  She didnt seem like one of those sinister, kinky devils who would tie you to the bed and flay you with twisted passion, but you never could tell.  She definitely went in for at least a little of the rough stuff, and depending on the extent and depth of it, Laura was not inclined to turn away.
      
      In fact, it made her blood sizzle just contemplating it.  Even more so when Paula met her at the door wearing a purple velour lounging suit that for some reason seemed to invite sensuality and a veiled, elegant sexual invitation.  Laura knew what was under the suit, that silky lean black body that made her lust swell and thump with hot urgency.  And those stylish red-framed glasses, that made her look both studious and hot.  Like a prim librarian with a fire burning down below.
      
      Well, hello, Laura.  Paula smiled seductively.  Please come in.
      
      But Laura was no sooner past the doorjamb than she realized there was someone else in the house.  A ravishing Hispanic-looking woman appeared from around the corner where she had been in the living room.  She was a little shorter than Paula, who was tall; the new woman about Lauras height, with a large cloud of black hair falling to her shoulders, sharp, beautiful features, and an altogether stunning body, much more curvaceous than the thin Paula, with jutting breasts and swelling hips and tiny waist.  Laura tried to take all this in without being too apparent about it, but the woman clearly saw her looking, and clearly was used to it, and clearly enjoyed it.
      
      Paula too was amused.  This is Nora . . . Nora Marquez.  My . . . how shall we put it?  Ex.  Ex-partner.  You remember.  I told you she worked for the Chamber of Commerce?
      
      If shes your ex, what is she doing here? Laura wanted to ask but refrained.  Dont tell me, Ill bet I can guess.
      
      But this, she realized, changed the atmosphere completely.  She had come for a tryst with Paula.  True, they barely knew one another, but they had fucked once, and it had been a thrilling, though brief, encounter.  Laura had been looking forward to expanding and enriching their initial connection, and she had figured that Paula felt the same.  Yet here was the unexpected and gorgeous Nora Marquez, my ex, to completely change the tone and alter the scenario.  It wasnt that Laura shied away from a threesome; but she couldnt deny that she was made a little uncomfortable by the change in the direction of this evening.
      
      Pleased to meet you, Nora, she smiled sweetly, taking Noras extended hand gracefully.  
      
      Hi, Laura.  Paula told me about you.
      
      Oh god, really? Laura wanted to ask.  What did she tell you?  All good, I hope, she said, feigning embarrassment.
      
      She told you I handcuffed her and fucked her?  Both at her request?  Come on, now.  She didnt.  Did she?
      
      These thoughts made her look down clumsily at her valise, feeling suddenly exposed, caught, revealed as a criminal pervert, arriving for a tryst with a bag full of sex toys.  It was almost enough to make her blush except that Paula, sensing Lauras discomfort, immediately steered her by the elbow past Nora and into the living room.
      
      Wine? she asked.  Something stronger?  Vodka?  Rum?
      
      Rum? Laura grimaced.  Perish the thought.  Vodka would be great.
      
      In several more minutes they were sitting around the glass coffee table like old chums, drinking and smiling and chatting amiably.  The only thing that continued to give Laura a mild discomfort was that Nora wore a bathrobe with, apparently, nothing on beneath it.  As if she and Paula had just come from a steamy session in the bedroom, though of course Paula had pulled on a lounging outfit.  Nora had not bothered.  
      
      Come to think of it, she even had, Laura noticed, a lazy, sensual, come hither look, as if to say: I know what youre thinking.  You didnt expect this.  If you want to flee, youd better do it now.
      
      Also, the more Nora squirmed in her seat in the easy chair across from the sofa where Paula and Laura were sitting, the more the lapels of her bathrobe slipped open.  Her robe was fluffy and white and reminded Laura of the fluffy yellow one LaVonda had always worn, the one Laura had loved taking off her amazing statuesque body.  Nora was not built like LaVonda, not what one would called voluptuous, but she was very well formed, with especially hard, jutting breasts, so difficult to miss as they pushed against the fabric of her robe.  Laura found herself staring and realized that Nora was watching her stare.
      
      And yet Laura had come here to have sex with Paula, not Nora.  Paula had, compared to Nora, and even to Laura, no breasts; or at least only small, delectable swellings capped by large soft and puffy black areolas that Lauras mouth could remember with salivating relish.  But when you glanced down at her chest you saw nothing.  She might as well be flat-chested, though Laura knew different.  But the rest of her was delicious.  The purple velour of her lounging suit somehow made her dark skin glow with a rich contrasting sheen, and Laura wanted to skim her lips all over every visible portion of it, especially her long black swans neck.  She wanted to rip off those prim glasses and fuck her so hard that she winced and whimpered and groaned through a fierce climax, as she had earlier done during their lunchtime tryst.
      
      Paula must have seen Lauras eyes smoking, for she seemed to realize they were getting nowhere fast, and something had to be done to jump start the proceedings.  She took off her glasses and placed them on the coffee table next to her drink.  Laura gulped.  There could be no clearer indication that the decks were being cleared for action.  Nora smiled.  She squirmed even more, and her bathrobe lapels finally gave way to the laws of physics and gaped open completely, as her sash came loose, exposing most but not yet all of her marvelous jutting naked breasts.  Her large brown nipples were excited, and the centers pushed up about half an inch.  Laura realized she was licking her lips, and both women were watching her do it.
      
      Mmmm . . . sorry, she stammered, blushing a little.
      
      Dont be sorry, Paula said, amused.  She makes me salivate too.
      
      Nora was even more amused.  You two are so pathetic.  Youd think you never saw a womans titties before.
      
      With that, she pulled her robe completely open and shrugged it off her shoulders so that the top part of it fell in a crumpled heap around her hips on the easy chair.  This movement of course made her very firm and upswept breasts jiggle and sway, and Laura realized that she herself was becoming wildly aroused.  Nora had rich, tawny, wheat-colored skin and her upper body was smooth and beautifully formed.  Straight clavicles.  Deep cleavage.  Small waist.  Gasp.  She grinned slyly at Laura.
      
      Then she cradled her naked breasts in her palms and ran her thumbs across the stiff, thick centers of her nipples, looking down almost proudly as she did it, then glancing up at Paula and Laura.  Maybe you two would like a taste?
      
      It was at this point that Laura noticed Nora had a slight cast to her left eye, not at all dramatic, but clearly the eye was off-center and tilted slightly toward her ear, which gave her somehow a mysterious and hyper-sexual aura, as if she were beckoning you and challenging you at the same time: Come and fuck me, if you dare.
      
      She looked over at Paula, who also seemed to be pretty aroused, her dark eyes pulsing with sexual excitement.  Then she looked back at Nora, whose lips were now parted suggestively, and who was now twisting and pinching her large, swelling nipples.  Why dont you . . . come over here, she smiled, indicating the space on the sofa between her and Paula.  Theres more room over here.
      
      Slowly, letting both Paula and Laura take in the magnificence of her naked body, Nora stood up and moved around the coffee table toward them.  She paused next to Lauras knees.  I think I might be getting myself into a little trouble here.  You two look like you could . . . hurt a girl, if she wasnt careful.
      
      Laura smiled at Paula, who looked hypnotized by the sensual beauty of her ex-lover.  No wonder, she thought.  I dont know why theyre ex, but its clear they dont have any trouble ringing each others chimes.  And I cant say its a puzzle to me, either.  God, what a beautiful woman!
      
      She moved her knees to the side a little to let Nora pass and sit between them.  I think we can take care not to hurt you, Paula murmured as she and Laura both began stroking and kissing Noras naked body with barely controlled hunger.  What do you think, Laura?
      
      But Laura couldnt answer her.  She already had a mouthful of Noras breast and was eagerly trying to swallow the womans thick, bulbous, brown nipple, pinching it between her tongue the roof of her mouth, making Nora wince and emit little squeaking noises from her throat.
      
      Oh . . . shit! Nora gasped.
      
      Laura smiled up at her without releasing her nipple from her mouth.  She gave it another hard suck and watched Noras eyes roll up.  Paula, viewing all this, gave Laura a sly smile and immediately siphoned up Noras other breast with her mouth, sucking and gnawing her nipple, so that both she and Laura were quickly mouth-mauling and gorging on Noras stiff nipples until Nora was squirming and whimpering with ever-increasing excitement.  
      
      Unhhh!  Oh!  Unhhh!  Oh shit!  Unnnuunnn! she gasped, twisting and looking down at the two women devouring her breasts.
      
      In the middle of doing it, Laura and Paula stopped long enough to meet between Noras saliva-wet breasts for a hungry kiss of their own, which threatened quickly to boil over into sweet mouth-rape.  Their tongues stabbed and coiled together, and Laura realized that hot three-way fucking was going to break out momentarily right here on the couch if they didnt move to some place more comfortable.
      
      Paula, eyes afire, mouth hungrily savaging Lauras, seemed to realize the same thing.  Cmon, she panted, sitting up, pulling Nora up with both hands.  Lets take you into the bedroom and do you right.
      
      Nora, whose own dark brown eyes were pulsing and electric with sexual need, nodded and let both Laura and Paula pull her naked body up off the sofa.  Paula led the way, and several seconds later they were in her bedroom, hurriedly disrobing.  Paula ripped down the bed coverings, exposing the bottom sheet, and Nora crawled onto it to await their continuing attentions.  Knowing how aroused they both were by her body, she writhed and posed like a cat, cupping and twisting her naked breasts, tweaking her large brown nipples, running two fingers up and down in her crotch, parting her glistening wet cunt lips and sliding her fingers into the hot wet pink furrow.
      
      If you two dont hurry . . . she panted, twisting and squirming, Im going to come just from watching you undress.
      
      Laura, glancing over at Paula hastily slipping out of her lounging suit, could sympathize with this feeling.  The naked Nora, stretched out and writhing on the bed, was devastatingly sexy and alluring, but Laura had fucked the delicious Paula once already, and had in fact come here tonight to do it again.  The womans body, gradually revealed as she stripped off her clothing, made her seethe with fresh lust.  
      
      Paula was long, long, long; tall, svelte, very dark, with willowy dark legs and a midriff that had to be over two feet in length, all that delicious taut flesh and dark skin to nuzzle and kiss and lick.  Her tiny breasts, swellings really, were capped by large black chocolate macaroon nipples that made Lauras mouth water, and her ass, so substantial for a very lean woman, was high and round and amazing.  Laura had bitten it, passion-biting chunks of delicious butt cheeks while overdosing on the sweet aroma of Paulas wet, aroused pussy; and she was determined to bite it again.
      
      While she also wanted to fuck Nora, she in truth barely knew her, whereas Paula was the true magnet of her lust here.  Still, they were both naked now, on the bed, awaiting her.  She carefully stripped off her lacy underwear and neatly piled it on top of the rest of her clothes on a nearby chair, then joined them.  
      
      Finally! Nora breathed with a sexual sigh as Paula and Laura quickly pinned her naked body between them and began to kiss and caress her with renewed passion.
      
      Laura, being the stranger here, said not a word, though she realized her mouth was too busy to speak anyway.  She was, as always, hyper oral, and she hungrily kissed and sucked every part of Noras lovely wheat-colored body that her mouth would reach.  It was Paula who murmured constantly to her: how they were going to fuck her and tear her lovely body to pieces with sexual hunger, and and and . . .
      
      Ill teach you to run away from me with those little tarts . . . she murmured to Nora while squeezing and sucking her substantial breasts, then sharing them with Laura, who would not be denied.  Laura sucked one thick, erect brown nipple deep into her mouth while listening to Paula go on and on.  And were going to screw the holy hell out of you, my darling, Laura and me, arent we Laura.  Were going to curl your toes.  Im going to get the strap-on right now.  She looked up at Laura from where she was crouched between Noras spread thighs, licking and sucking the womans pretty dark brown pussy.  Laura could see the slick wet pink inner sleeve where Paula had been sticking her tongue.  Did you bring one, Laura?
      
      Im afraid I brought everything, darling, Laura smiled and nodded.  I thought we were going to be alone.  Just you and me.  But . . . hell, Im ready for anything.  And I must say your ex is a gorgeous hunk of woman.
      
      I did, she winked.  Be right back.
      
      She popped off the bed and back down the hall for a moment to grab her small valise, which she had deposited on a spare chair when she entered the house.  There were, she gathered, the undercurrents of a revenge fuck here, and she didnt exactly know how to respond, or what her role would be.  Apparently, Paula was still angry over Noras infidelities, which were clearly the reason for their split.  She was looking for payback of a sort, and had roped Laura into helping.  And yet . . . Nora was amazingly beautiful, and Laura would have wanted to fuck her under any circumstances.  So how could she back out now?
      
      Her excitement was heightened even more when, though it had only taken her thirty seconds or so to retrieve the valise from the living room, she returned to the bedroom to find Nora on her knees and Paula behind her, thrusting a strap-on dildo as deep into her pussy as it would go.
      
      Awwonnggg! Nora howled just as Laura re-entered the room, a contorted wince of fierce pleasure passing over her very beautiful face.
      
      You started without me, she half-chuckled, quickly extricating her own seven-inch dildo from the valise and slipping into the harness.
      
      Paula grinned, glancing over at her.  Youd better hurry or youll miss the fun.  Shes like you, she goes off like a rocket once you light the fire.
      
      Unmmphh!  Unggphmmff! Nora grunted again, wincing again, as Paula began to fuck her more roughly.  
      
      When Laura joined them on the bed it was clear that some rearranging of bodies had to occur.  Are we going to both do her at the same time? Laura asked, plausibly, since Paula and Nora seemed to be already in the middle of a successful merger.  
      
      There was even some mild feeling of exclusion on Lauras part, since these two were former lovers and presumably long-time partners who knew how to fuck each other well, and needed no fresh body to increase their pleasure.  And yet, though she was being fuck-pummeled by Paula, and was intermittently wincing and groaning, Nora smiled up at Laura as if to say: If you dont get it in me quick Im going to be very disappointed.
      
      Please . . . Laura . . . ungghhh!  Owwnncchh!  Her head whipped around so that she could glare at Paula.  Do you have to do it so hard?
      
      Paula was panting pretty rapidly herself by now from the exertion of roughly fucking her former lover.  She smiled slyly.  Its what you deserve.
      
      Laura was at a loss what to do, poised on her knees next to them, the obscene dildo jutting out from her groin and bobbing each time the mattress sagged due to Paulas vigorous thrusting.  Finally, she noticed Laura waiting there.  
      
      Get underneath and fuck her pussy, she panted.  Ill fuck her in the ass.  Then, to Nora: Were going to DP the holy shit out of you, honey.  Youre going to wish you never met either one of those girls.
      
      Ah, revenge fucking! Laura reflected, with a kind of morose arousal.  She had done it herself in the past.  And had it done to her.  It was certainly a mixed pleasure.  The sex could be smoking hot, but the feelings were often a complex brew of shame, cruelty, guilt, frank sadism, and regret.  But as for the present situation, she could hardly back out at this point.  
      
      Quickly, and adroitly, she slipped under Noras body and guided her own dildo into the womans pussy, which had just been vacated by Paulas.  Noras whole lovely body clenched briefly, and she gave a soft groan, as Paula forced her strap-on dildo into the womans asshole, after first widening it a little with her fingers.  
      
      Anngghh! Nora groaned, throwing her head back, her eyes tightly shut, her lips parted, her lovely full breasts dangling in Lauras face.
      
      Laura, always an oral maniac, could not refrain from grabbing the luscious dangling globes with both hands and mouth-mauling them passionately.  Noras thick brown nipples were erect with excitement and now wet and shiny with Lauras saliva as she tongue-lashed them and sucked them ravenously.
      
      Unnnn . . . unnnn . . . Nora gasped and grunted softly, each gasp punctuated again by a grunt as Paula impaled her ass again on the strap-on dildo.  Ungghh!  Anngghh!
      
      And now Laura was fucking her too, in her pussy, and the gentle, relentless rhythm she had momentarily interrupted was entirely replaced by a more urgent and athletic motion as the three of them now began hurtling toward the finish line.  Laura gyrated her hips vigorously, ramming her own strap-on dildo deep up into Noras cunt, while Paula on top began accelerating her pace until she was really ripping into Noras ass sharply with each pile-driving thrust, driving Noras body down into Laura, who was now digging her fingers into the smooth, jouncy flesh of Noras asscheeks as she lunged upward with the dildo into Noras tight pussy.
      
      Through the gaps in her awareness that briefly opened up in the midst of this sudden hurricane of rough fucking Laura found herself marveling at Paulas wicked enthusiasm.  After all, they had only fucked once, in a brief noon hour interlude that had to be hasty, though it had been very hot.  But Paula at that time had displayed no rough edges at all and instead had asked Laura to handcuff and fuck her, being quite willing, it seemed, to take the passive role.  She was anything but passive now, ass-fucking her ex-girlfriend with almost awesome vigor, and spite, impaling Nora again and again on the dildo, while underneath Noras squirming body Laura did her best just to keep up.
      
      But all this hammer-fucking quickly took its toll on Nora, who after a relentless spearing from both of them was drawing closer and closer to a climax.  It was, Laura could tell, only a few brief seconds away.  
      
      Aungghh!  Oh . . . shit!  Unngghh!  Mnnnggg!  Owwwnncchh!  Aunnggh! she groaned and gasped as her body began to seize up with fierce spasms of wrenching pleasure.  And then it was there.  AAUUNNGGHHH!  MNNGGEEEE! she suddenly shrieked, falling forward onto Laura, nearly crushing her, but also writhing and wriggling wildly as the thunderbolts of ecstasy pierced her flexing muscles.
      
      One never knew exactly how long these paroxysms lasted, but after several seconds or minutes of hot squirming, with the shuddering Nora pinned between her and Paula, Laura felt the other two moving less, and realized that the weight of two bodies now pressed down on her, since she was on the bottom.  Nora was still panting and gasping, though not as rapidly now, and Paula was only now getting her own breath back.
      
      Slowly, the peeled their bodies apart, and Laura and Paula removed the thick, wet shafts from Noras ass and pussy.  Nora gasped sharply again as she felt them sliding out.
      
      Ahhhhh!  She winced, then smiled at Laura, and pointedly did not smile at Paula.
      
      Laura, not knowing what to say, or what might come next, smiled back noncommittally.  Well, now that Paula has got her revenge, maybe we can all three of us have a little fun together, she said, slyly.
      
      That wasnt fun? Paula cracked.  Looked like you were having fun to me.
      
      Nora, however, ignored her and moved instead toward Laura.  She kissed Lauras cheek, then her neck and shoulder, raising one hand up to Lauras breasts and caressing them, tweaking Lauras aroused nipples with her thumbs and forefingers.  Maybe you and I should have some fun, since she wants to be such a bitch.
      
      Laura, only momentarily befuddled, quickly responded by embracing her and coiling together with her while Nora began to tongue and suck one of her breasts passionately.  They squirmed and writhed on the bed only inches away from Paula, who watched them as if amazed, before she too joined in.  Laura had come here to fuck with her, Paula, of course, and was delighted finally to feel Paulas long, sleek, smooth black body rubbing everywhere against her from behind, she undulating and panting as Paulas arms encircled her body and Paulas hands flittered up and down from her breasts, to her crotch and back, while Nora kept sucking her, switching from one throbbing nipple to the other and back again, until Laura was, she realized from hearing herself, mewling and gurgling softly, feeling her whole body come alive under their ardent caresses.
      
      Excuse me, ladies, Im washing this off, she suddenly heard Paula say soft.  Be right back.  Dont start without me.
      
      And Paula was off the bed, darting into the adjoining bathroom to scrub clean the dildo she had just been shoving up her former lovers ass.  In her absence Laura and Nora began kissing and groping even more seriously, savaging each others mouth with incendiary hunger and hand-fucking each others soupy wet pussy, until both were squirming wildly, and panting crazily, by the time Paula rejoined them with a clean, disinfected dildo.
      
      For a few more minutes the three of them slithered sensually together, while Laura and Nora continued kissing hungrily, sloppily, roughly, thoroughly.  Paula was still behind Laura, her long body and small breasts pressing into Lauras naked back, the large, thick bulbs of her nipples pushing into Lauras overheated flesh.  Laura still had fixed in place the strap-on she had earlier been fucking Nora with, and as though it were planned that way, she and Nora managed between them to impale Nora on it again, as Laura glanced down and saw the shaft disappearing into the womans splayed dark-lipped pussy.
      
      At nearly the same instant she realized that Paula, behind her, was slipping the strap-on dildo that she had re-armed herself with upon returning from the bathroomwhere she had cleaned itinto Lauras pussy from behind.  So that now Laura was facing Nora, fucking her again with the strap-on, while Paula, pressing against Lauras back, was fucking Laura with her own strap-on.  
      
      Oh . . . shit! Laura gasped with feverish excitement, never having been in quite this position before, and quickly feeling her sexual temperature skyrocket as the three of them began thrusting and writhing maniacally.  Oh god . . . yes!  Ungghh!
      
      Mnngg!  Oh!  Ungghh! Nora gasped, still trying to kiss Laura but not succeeding in the maelstrom of hot thrashing that their three surging bodies had suddenly become.
      
      Even though it was wildly exciting, she knew it wasnt going to last. Maybe Nora would take a while to climax again, since she had just done it minutes ago; but Laura knew it wouldnt take her, Laura, much longer.  She was already fiercely aroused, and the feel of Paulas lean, supple body rubbing against her back, and Paulas groin slamming into her ass repeatedly as Paula rammed the dildo into her pussy, was enough to make her whimper and wail in anticipation of a sharp and wrenching orgasm.
      
      She did not have very long to wait.  Paula was a more vigorous and enthusiastic aggressor than she would have imagined her to be, and soon she was jabbing the dildo deep into Lauras pussy as she too knew Laura was about to come.
      
      Unghh!  Awwoonngggg!  Ummnngghh! Laura groaned, writhing and doing her best to fuck Nora hard too at the same time that she herself was being pierced and pummeled from behind, her pussy crammed and split by the hard rubberized dildo that Paula was wielding.  Auunggghhh!  Oh . . . shit!
      
      And then it was there.  Her body just exploded with incandescent pleasure, a huge, throbbing bomb of coming.  It was so crushing that for a moment she could not even breathe, or make a sound.  Then the moans escaped from her throat.
      
      Ohhnnnn!  Aiiinngghiieee!  Oh!  Oh!  Awwonnggg!
      
      For Paula kept pumping her almost viciously throughout her wrenching climax.  And in the middle of it, Nora began to come again too.  Laura, barely conscious through the firestorm of her own orgasm, felt Noras stiffening body flipping and surging, and heard her frantic, piercing cries, as she moaned into Lauras neck.
      
      Mmnnnggeeee!   Mmmnnggeeee!
      
      It took several minutes for both Laura and Nora to stop clenching and shuddering, as the aftershocks of their thrilling orgasms continued to ripple through their bodies.  Even Paula was still panting, though her breathing returned to normal fairly quickly.  She withdrew the long, thick dildo from Lauras pussy and let the two them, still clinging together from the firestorm of fucking they had just endured, to recover without her.  In fact, as she gradually returned to her senses, Laura thought she could hear the water running again in the adjacent bathroom, indicating that Paula was again cleaning the strap-on dildo in preparation for round three.
      
      Lauras eyes blinked open and she saw Nora, whose face was still only inches from hers, staring at her, then grinning.  Thank you, she made the words with her lips in exaggerated fashion, without actually speaking.
      
      Youre welcome, Laura smiled back, also mouthing the words.  It was as if they had a hot mental connection that since Paula had just rough-fucked each of them, they were about to return the favor and could hardly wait.  Especially Laura, who had come here specifically to have sex with Paula anyway, and was certainly eager to get on with it.  Even though Nora Marquez had, strictly speaking, the most beautiful body of the three of them, it was Paulas long, lean, glossy black body Laura craved; and she now meant to have her fill of it.
      
      Paula returned to the bed, holding the now-clean strap-on dildo and harness in one hand, with a little smirk on her pretty mouth.  Well . . . I guess you two are way ahead, she purred in a soft, throaty voice.
      
      Laura reached out for her free hand, drawing her down on the sheet with them.  I guess we can take care of that, she purred back, instantly enfolding the long, luscious creature in her arms and kissing whatever part of Paulas lean body her lips came in contact with.
      
      Nora watched them.  Laura was of two minds about whether or not to worry about including her but finally decided not to let Nora interfere with her getting her fill of this womans splendid long slender divinely black body, which she meant to inhale.  This seemed, momentarily at least, to suit Nora just fine; she had climaxed twice during the recent hot little tussle, and seemed content to let Laura have her way with Paula, while she herself just watched and enjoyed.
      
      But shes not enjoying it as much as I am, Laura thought, stroking Paulas taut, silky flesh everywhere, mouth-mauling her large, gleaming  black nipples, dipping one hand between Paulas firm thighs to find her wet furrow and penetrate it with two eager fingers.  I have been so wanting to fuck you for ages, she breathed into Paulas pretty ear, squeezing her ass, rubbing her swollen clit with the palm of one hand.
      
      Paula was already panting and writhing.   She knew it was her turn and was determined to get her fill of this.  The handcuffs! she panted to Laura. 
      
      Why she wanted the handcuffs was a puzzle to Laura.  Here she was, in a perfervid state of seething sexual arousal, about to get aggressively fucked by at least one of the other people present (me! Laura thought), and possibly the other one too, and quickly brought to a cataclysmic seizure of hot coming, and she wanted to pause while Laura found the handcuffs and locked her wrists together.  And yet, when they had done this before, she and Laura, their first and only time, Paula had also insisted on the handcuffs.  When Laura had protested You barely know me, she had panted, with fiery need in her eyes, I know you!
      
      And, admittedly, after Laura handcuffed her she had climaxed rapidly and wrenchingly.  Nora, stretched out beside them, watching, observed Lauras brief puzzlement.  She smiled.  Shell come like crazy if you do it.  The handcuffs.  Her eyes drifted across the room to the dressing table, where Lauras eyes quickly saw a pair of handcuffs lying there, ready for use.  No doubt the same ones she had used on Paula the first time.
      
      She lost no time slipping off the bed, grabbing them, returning, clicking them into place on Paulas outstretched wrists.  If handcuffs make you come, honey, who am I to refuse?
      
      Paula was leaning forward, now propped on her forearms, her long beautiful back sloping up to her upraised buttocks, swelling black moons, a beautiful ass for a long, thin girl.  And Laura was all over it, unleashing the full extent of her oral mania on these beautiful gleaming black moons, nipping and sucking the silky firm flesh, and running her tongue up and down the deep crack between them, then down again and into the wet, dark pink furrow of Paulas gaping pussy.
      
      Her fingers followed her tongue, two of them, bring a hot little yelp from Paulas throat.   Unnohnngg!
      
      Her fine lean body twitched a little, and she bit her lower lip.  Laura fucked her pussy a little with her two fingers, now copiously lubricated with Paulas flowing cunt liquors, and slithered her tongue back up the secret crack to her asshole, probing with the tip of it, forcing her way inside.  
      
      Paula, apparently not expecting it, clenched, and groaned softly.  Unnnaaonngg!  Oh . . . shit!
      
      During the time, the only time, they had fucked before, during the lunch hour when Laura had been checking out apartments for Frankie, they had been in such a hurry that there had been no time for refinements.  Apart from the handcuffs, they had gone at it fast and furious, groping and stroking and sucking and quickly climaxing, before hurriedly dressing and scurrying back to work.  
      
      And so Lauras tongue wriggling into her rectum while Lauras two fingers rapidly fucked her tight, hot, flooding pussy was almost more than Paula could have believed was coming.  She made an effort to glance back over her shoulder at Laura but was too overcome by sharp sexual sensations to carry it off, grimacing and wincing with intense pleasure instead as Laura turned up the heat.
      
      She didnt think it would be quick, but she figured it was a sure bet Paula would climax this way, and a whopper it would be.  Already Nora, enticed by the sensual excitement Laura and Paula were generating, as Laura continued passionately tongue-fucking Paulas asshole while slowly, rhythmically finger-fucking her wet, slippery pussy, Nora was sliding on her back under the upper part of Paulas body to get her hands and mouth on Paulas small, dangling breasts and swollen black nipples, squeezing and sucking them happily while Laura relentlessly brought the panting, quivering woman closer and closer to a hammering orgasm.
      
      Ohhnnnn god! Paula whimpered, now rhythmically grinding her entire pelvis back in swirls into Lauras face and hand.  Oh . . . oh shit!  Unnnmmgggg!  Oh!  Annnhh!
      
      Patiently, Laura stuck to her rhythm.  She could feel little pinches on her tongue as Paulas rectum clenched instinctively in response to the sexual twinges Laura was arousing in her body.  
      
      Oh yes, baby! Laura purred to her.  Give it up for me.  Come home to Mama.  Youre going to come . . . now . . . now . . . just go with it . . .
      
      She could hear the sucking, slurping noises Nora was making as she devoured Paulas dangling breasts.  Paula was now propped on her elbows, her ass shimmying in the air, making it more and more difficult to keep tongue-fucking her the way Laura was doing.  There was, Laura realized, only one solution.  Make her come quickly, before the squirming and writhing and bucking got completely out of control.
      
      She realized this at the same moment that it became fairly academic, since Paulas body grew tenser than ever, and her moans turned into keening, whooping squeals as a thrilling, crushing orgasm overtook her clenching flesh.
      
      Unnngghhh!  Oh!  AWWWNNGGHIIEEE1 she cried out sharply, her body jerking and almost jackknifing, her elbows digging into the mattress and her ass swirling and bumping into Lauras face as each spasm ripped through her.  Anngggmmnngiiie! she wailed again, falling forward, her breasts mashing into Noras face, her whole torso shuddering in the grip of wave after wave of fierce pleasure.
      
      This, Laura thought, as she held on for dear life, was an amazing orgasm.  Certainly the only other one Laura had ever seen Paula have paled in comparison to this one.  Nora, who was busy extricating herself from being crushed under Paulas body, seemed to think so too.  She grinned at Laura.
      
      Youre good.
      
      Laura grinned back.  Does she always come that hard?
      
      Nora slowly shook her head, almost in disbelief.  The handcuffs help.  You helped.
      
      Paula, lying on her side now and still panting heavily, still semi-swooning, seemed to return to life and overhear their conversation.  She grinned wanly up at Laura.  Suppose you could . . . ? she waved her cuffed wrists in the air above her body.
      
      Oh . . . of course! Laura said.  Let me get the key.
      
      She bounced off the bed to the dresser, then back, feeling their eyes on her naked body.  In seconds she freed Paulas hands.  The handcuffs went onto the bedside table, and in what seemed like an instant Laura found herself pinned between the two of them, Paula in front, Nora in back, groping and stroking her, sucking her flesh.
      
      God . . . you guys! she protested, but weakly, feeling her body come alive again under their rough, eager caresses.  Dont we get a minute to rest?  After all that?
      
      Mmmm, Nora purred into her back, holding and squeezing Lauras small breasts in her hands for Paulas mouth as Paula began to devour one of them.  Dont think so.  What about you, Paula?
      
      Paula chuckled deep in her throat before sucking one of Lauras tingling nipples deep into her mouth.  She inhaled it hungrily.  I think Laura is about to become the creamy middle of an Oreo cookie.
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      

      
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The Laura story chapters are now available, in both text and html formats, on the ASS html archive site at http://www.asstr.org/~laura.  Text files may also be downloaded via FTP at ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/laura.  The chapters are now also available in html format at http://www.thevalkyrie.com/stories/miranda/index.html.   Copyright Miranda Mars, 1999-2013.  It is unlawful to reprint or otherwise distribute this material without the written consent of the author. 



