Kuchiki-buchou was perfectly aware that Negotiator Crawford had extended his machinations to Kyoto and that he did serve the emperor, this did not mean that he was pleased with these turn of events. He looked at the goban in front of him, Touya-dono was beating him again. This was nothing new, Touya-dono always won, but it seemed that the margin was larger than usual.

“You seem distracted, buchou.” Touya said as he laid down his black stone with a clink on the goban. “If you wish we can postpone this game.” He had no doubt that Touya would remember the exact layout of the board. “I am a simple concubine but I can offer my ears.”

Touya was one of the emperors twin concubines, he was called the Winter Flower or Fuyu-no-Hana by the poets, where the other, Shindou was Haru-no-Yanagi or the Spring Willow. They were like a sun and moon set against each other, Touya cold and pale, with a bird like elegance and soft thin features, his eyes were dark and cool, but Shindou’s skin was richer, his expressions exuberant and plumper, stronger, brighter, the gold to Touya’s pearl.

They were an unlikely matched pair, but they were very clearly that. “I am merely contemplative,” Kuchiki said quietly, “I am aware of a crime that has been committed but although it is against my emperor’s laws I know that it is at his will, and I do not know if I should pursue it to the best of my ability as is my duty, or I should abide by my emperor’s word and accept that the matter is resolved when I know it is not.”

Touya smiled, a soft pale thing on his face, “ah, the murder of Takatori," he said, “do you know my father?” He asked, Touya’s father was the court meijin but Kuchiki had never met him. He spent time with the two concubines because the emperor indulged them with some of the best opponents he could find them in Go, but Touya-Meijin was far beyond their abilities to play. Kuchiki also knew that at some point one or both of the two would take over the title. “He told me a simple truth when I was still playing with a fifteen stone advantage, he said that in Go one does not play the stone in hand, but instead tries to play the stone one will have in hand in as many turns as one is able. To do this one must be able to predict and in some cases control the places where one’s opponent will place his stone.”

Kuchiki nodded, it was a very clever strategy.

“Crawford-Onmyoji,” The boy cleverly used Crawford’s true title, because although he served as a negotiator he was a sorcerer and would be until he died, “is said to be a seer with the ability to glimpse the future, to see the board before it is played as it were. Therefore if one were to play Go against him one would have to hope either he did not use this talent, or to change the future.”

“What do you mean?” Shindou was unpredictable, wild, brilliant and daring, but Touya’s cold predictions were based upon study.

“A sword can be held in either hand, Kuchiki-buchou, so instead of watching the sword one watches the swordsman for his errors and weaknesses, do you not also play the move that the swordsman does not know he will make to defeat him?” Kuchiki nodded, “then you are like Crawford-Onmyoji, but he has a weakness, if you remove from him his ability to see the future then the ability you have learned to emulate remains with you whilst he is blinded.”

Kuchiki laid down his stone securing a small area of the grid. "I wonder if you aim for the title of Meijin or Shogun.”

Touya bristled under the question. “I belong to Heika," he said stiffly, “these are the amusements he allows me.” Shindou was erratic, beautiful but forgiving, Touya could hold a grudge and an insult, Kuchiki knew he had gone from simply losing the game to being humiliated. “I know you well, Kuchiki-buchou, you are a man who will do what is legal at the cost of what is right. Court is a nest of vipers where if a man steps carefully he will survive, however it is the position of Heika and the negotiators to corral and guide those vipers to serve Nihon. Do you know why Heika sent, of all the negotiators, Crawford-onmyoji to investigate the Taira Takatori debacle on his behalf?”

“Because he can see the future?” Kuchiki asked.

“No, because he is ruthless and to do ruthless things one must be prepared to do what one must, one must be prepared to crush one’s enemies without question or remorse. I know Crawford-onmyoji’s loyalty is exclusive to himself, it is the price of powerful men, but whilst such loyalty remains,” he placed his stone on the goban and in doing so secured the game. “He is a powerful ally, thus it suits the emperor to keep him loyal, to find at how many moves ahead Crawford plays the game and to play ahead one more.”

“What do you mean?” Kuchiki knew that the emperor trusted the advice of his concubines and that he kept them for much more than their beauty.

“Think of this like Shidou-go, is your discomfort with Crawford-onmyoji because he committed a crime in your prefecture and thereby makes you look incompetent, or because he is married to your sister?” That hit Kuchiki close to the knuckle, “now why did Crawford-onmyoji marry Rukia-hime? She has no wealth from your mutual mother, and no rights to inherit the Fuji wealth, he gained no standing in court for marrying her, yet he suggested it to the emperor himself. So, Buchou, why? Look at the board he has laid out, the moves he could not help but make, now why does he lay his stone to make such a bizarre moku, a move that would be so difficult to predict?”

Touya was born to play Go, it coloured his world in a grid with black and white stones. “By so openly allying himself with both house Fuji and house Kuchiki he gains more influence at court.”

“Influence he does not need as a powerful onmyoji and respected negotiator, both of which supply him with great wealth. Why Rukia?”

“He knew that she would be part of the expedition to Europa.” It was a quiet revelation.

“Something he could not have known having married her two years before the expedition was even discussed.”

“but he can see the future.” Kuchiki continued.

“Erratically at best, but when she returned she made him a gift that has the entire academy of of onmyoji grey with envy.”

“The trionfi.” He mangled the word but he had heard of it, he had considered extra guards upon the house to prevent open warfare as other onmyoji sent their own personal soldiers to collect them, but Crawford had openly stated that he would allow copies.

“And what are the Trionfi for, why did Rukia select them of all the treasures of Europa to give her husband.”

“They are used to predict the future.” Kuchiki said, “and in the hands of a seer they would correct the erratic nature of his visions, allow him to control them, and Rukia would innocently buy such a gift thinking that they would amuse him, or that he could use them to further her own agendas.”

Touya gave a warm and innocent smile, “now you are thinking like a go player, or a negotiator. Rukia-hime has her own agendas, she is as ruthless as he and is as happy to use her husband as he is to use her, they are in fact a match of equals, and I believe that there might even be love between them.” He cleared the goban to start another game. “Why else would she train Aya-no-bara as it said all over court that she did?”

“To murder her husband in his sleep.”

“Ah, so we can see Crawford-onmyoji’s hand knowing what we do of his intentions, we can see Rukia-hime’s, but what are the motivations of Aya-no-bara?”

Kuchiki’s head was reeling following the clever threads the boy worked out and laid out so clearly, things he had clearly worked out whilst playing Go. He had famously said before that Shoji, the game of warriors, was for those who had no idea of politics. The boy would be devastating if he ever decided to wield power. “His family were destroyed by the Takatori Taira debt.”

“Then let’s look at that, why were the Fujimiya, a small house notable only for it’s familial bonds, even involved, it can claim lineage of both houses but the amounts traded were beyond it's means, so why did it need the money from the Taira that the Takatori squandered in it's bad dealing?”

“It didn’t,” Kuchiki said calmly, “but neither did the Takatori.”

Touya nodded and held out his hands for Kuchiki to choose which position to play, black or white, each hand had one colour secreted within. “So why then did the Fujimiya borrow money from the Taira, and why were the Takatori involved? Lord Fujimiya killed himself rather than face the shame, but what was the shame? It is an open secret that the Takatori fleeced the Fujimiya and used the Taira to do it, that they extorted the money for a deal that they knew would fail and refuse to pay it back, thus bankrupting the Fujimiya but even so Takatori Reiji could have achieved a similar end in suggesting his son as a husband for the young princess.”

Kuchiki was nodding. “Unless he was refused.”

“A marriage that was later performed with such undue haste that the bride was immediately sent to court, and may not have even been present, a marriage only made legal because the boy was disinherited, thus allowing them to size their lands and wealth, neither of which was worth the effort.”

“Unless there was something hidden there.” Kuchiki added.

“But they then immediately present the land to the imperial negotiator that they knew would be sent because they had included the Taira and Heika would not tolerate even the stirrings of civil war, but the Takatori have only a fraction of their military standing and would have been slaughtered for.” Kuchiki nodded. “Why do it so an imperial negotiator would be involved at all? Therefore we can rightly assume, from the way that the game was maneuvered, that Takatori Saijou, who insisted on imperial interference, set Reiji up, to gain something from the Fujimiya.”

“but the only thing that they claimed and kept was Aya-hime.” Kuchiki said.

“Exactly, so what does Aya-hime offer that an imperial negotiator would recognise?”

Kuchiki was not the sort to grin as he realised. “She has imperial blood, her mother was an imperial princess. Thereby by marrying her to the heir apparent they gain the ability to make a claim to the throne, no matter at this point how tenuous. If Saijou made it look like Reiji was the perpetrator then he knew that the negotiator would eliminate the girl’s husband forcing her into marriage with his preferred heir, the boy Mamoru.” That too was an open secret at court, “bringing the boy to court where his own children would be considered for marrying into the family. So Aya-no-bara, being aware of this, with the added indignity of what Crawford makes him suffer, would serve Crawford in alliance to bring down the Takatori.” Suddenly the machinations seemed much clearer, he understood why Takatori Masafumi’s death had been arranged the way that it had.

“Also remember that Saijou might not be content with just a great grandchild upon the imperial throne, he might intend to place Mamoru himself upon it, because as a child the boy is clearly innocent of his uncle’s wrong-doing even if the rest of the family is murdered.”

“K’so,” Kuchiki murmured under his breath, “and of course his majesty cannot act openly against the Takatori until they act openly against him, so he sent Crawford-onmyoji to complete the task.”

“And Crawford-onmyoji requested that I ask you here that you might be witness to something.” Touya’s loyalty was exclusively to Shindou and the emperor.

“And what is that?” Kuchiki knew far better than to trust any negotiator, especially Crawford.

“He did not say.” Touya answered, “but as all that he offered in exchange with me was a game of Go I trust it isn’t something that would offend your sensibilities or position.” He had a look in his eyes that was dangerous, “and you are one of the few players in Court with whom I can openly compete.”

“I can’t beat you though.”

“Not yet,” Touya answered with a smile, “but you are learning, you already play three moves ahead, how much more fun will you be at five?”

Shindou, who shared a futon with Touya, slid open the door and entered, he was dressed in the same non descript fashion as his counterpart but his entire mien and demeanour gave him a look of flamboyance that was simple elegance in Touya. Where Touya glowed, Shindou shone. In his hands was a simple wooden box that was almost completely without adornment apart from a simple carving at the top. “Look, Touya-kun,” the boy enthused flopping down on the cushion beside them. “Look what Rukia-hime brought us. It is a miracle.”

Kuchiki had received his own gift from his sister but had not expected her to treat the emperor’s concubines so. She could not have been sure that they would still have been in favour upon her return because she had been gone a long time. Shindou opened the box and it started to play music, a sort of pleasant tinkling sound. “It is a box of music,” he continued, “it is wound here,” he showed them the key which had been hidden in his hand, “but we are to be very careful because if it breaks there is no one around to fix it.”

“Is that where you were, Shindou-dono?” Kuchiki asked.

“Yes, with the empress and Rukia-hime, it has lots of little bells inside and hammers that are on a cylinder, she tried to explain it to me but I didn’t listen, I was too interested in it, isn’t it wonderful?” To the naive observer Shindou was simple and vapid, the complete opposite was true, where Touya was quietly elegantly watching the way the game unfolded Shindou was more than capable of maneuvering the pieces into place with subtle charm and sheer force of his charisma. Touya was a thing to be admired but Shindou was adored.

“She was telling the empress all about her travels, and the things she saw there, there was this one place in the north where the snow is so deep that they build their houses on stilts and come winter they have to build tunnels between them.” Kuchiki had to admit that if it was true it was remarkable, “and they have these buildings with domes on them like.”

Outside the room was a tremendous crash and tearing sound, like something large falling through a screen. Kuchiki’s hand immediately went for the tanto secured in his obi and pushing the two boys behind him so that if there was a threat then they would not be included.

He threw open the door to the central courtyard and quickly appraised the situation in front of him. Aya-no-Bara, with his small dog yipping at his feet, was holding a knife and there was a spray of blood across his face. He looked genuinely shocked. Beside him was a tall man with white hair and he was trying to wrestle the knife from Aya-no-bara. The screen before them, that led to the empress’ private chambers, and was reinforced accordingly, was shattered, with a man in solid black lying in front of them. “you can’t kill him.” The elf whispered, “they’ll need him for questioning.”

Noticing Kuchiki Aya-no-bara withered like a rose in the snow, almost folding in on himself away from the blood as it dripped down the walkway. “I,” he said and then turned, dropping the knife.

“stop!” Kuchiki barked out and the young man did. “What the hell happened here?”

The elf spoke, calmly, and clearly, “The Aya-no-bara was taking the evening air,” Aya bent down and picked up the small dog, “Kimi needed to relieve herself and I agreed to accompany him whilst his master is with his wife.” The elf radiated an easy violence, “when he saw the intruder, I gave him one of my knives to defend himself as I made towards him, hopefully to capture him when the man attacked Aya-sama in case he might call out. Aya-sama stabbed him in the gut.”

Kuchiki almost laughed with the chagrin of it, this was why Crawford had bribed Touya to challenge him to a game of Go, so he would see this, because whatever reason that Aya-no-Bara had for being about in the palace at night with a knife he had caught an intruder that would divert attention. The terrible thing Kuchiki knew, was that it had worked.