Jim honors the terms of his bet with Spock's mom in his own way -- an invitation to Iowa for a home-cooked meal. "Well, you don't really have a kitchen," he explains as he tosses his dufflebag into the backseat of Spock's vee. "A replicator and a sink won't do the trick."

"I am sure Dr. McCoy and my mother will appreciate the trouble," Spock says.

"The hardest part'll be getting Bones into a shuttlecraft for the trip -- hey, did you know he's afraid of flying?"

"It seems curious for an aviaphobe to have chosen a career in Starfleet."

Jim laughs. "Tell me about it." He gestures for the keys as he goes to stand by the driver's side.

Spock raises an eyebrow at him and puts his own bag in the trunk. "It is my vehicle, Jim."

"And I built it for you, so hand 'em over," Jim replies. Spock does that thing where he rolls his eyes without rolling his eyes, and tries to get past him. Jim puts a hand on Spock's chest, not out of any real desire to stop him but just to get in his space and get under his skin.

It seems to work; Spock leans forward to kiss him, sliding his warm hands along Jim's waist where his shirt rides up and his jeans ride low. It's Friday, just three days since they first fell into bed together, and so far Spock's still as grabby as he was the first night. There's a running theme in people Jim's dated, how they tend to drape themselves over him and on him, like keeping an arm around his shoulder or a leg over his hip is going to keep him in place. But Spock's the first one who doesn't try to be smooth about it; he pulls Jim closer and threads their fingers together and makes it clear that Jim belongs to him, now.

Jim smiles against his mouth, his teeth catching on Spock's lower lip. "You just can't resist me, can you?" he teases, his hand smoothing down Spock's stomach to curl around Spock's belt. Spock lets himself get dragged forward half a step, crashing against Jim and pressing him up against the car as they kiss.

"No," Spock says immediately.

It's something that Jim's still getting used to, even more than the proprietary way Spock handles him, even after two years of friendship and three days of -- more than that. Spock tells the truth, every time, without hesitating for a second. It's still weird, almost scary, that Spock can hear what he's thinking and feeling whenever they touch, but Jim's learning that he can know what Spock's thinking and feeling, too. "Good," he murmurs, and steals the keys from Spock's hand. "Get in. I'll let you have shotgun, how about that?"

Sighing, Spock gets into the passenger side.

The ride home is just a half an hour, but by the time they get there it's almost sunset. He touches them down in the driveway and sees his mom's vee already there. "Oh God," he mutters. Spock looks over, his smile resigned and amused, and brushes his fingers along the back of Jim's hand.

Sure enough, Mom's opening the screen door as they climb the steps, wiping her hands on her jeans. "I see you made it," she says.

"Mom," Jim says, opening the door for her, "What are you doing here?"

"You commed and said you were coming home. Wanted to make sure the sheets were fresh and the house was aired out," she says, kissing Jim on the cheek. She turns her eye on Spock, giving him a long look. "You boys got everything fixed up?"

It's worse than when Mom cross-examined Kelly Kemblowski in eighth grade. "You going to ask him what his intentions are?" he asks her.

"Oh, I'm not worried about his intentions," Mom says. "Well, looks like I'll have to put even more pressure on Sam and Aurelan to start giving me grandchildren -- unless Vulcan men are able to carry the young?"

"Thanks for coming over, Mom," Jim says loudly, putting an arm around her shoulder and walking her down the stairs. Spock stays up on the porch while Jim basically stuffs her back into her vee and waves her off. When Jim turns around again, Spock is still standing there, smiling just a little.

"What do you want to bet she left us some pie or something?" Jim calls to him.

She left two pies -- a shepherd's and a blueberry, still warm. They eat the food on the back porch, sitting together on the couch, close enough so that Jim can steal some of the blueberry filling from Spock's plate.

"So, sleeping arrangements," Jim says after a while, "I figured we'd give your mother the guest room, make Bones sleep on the couch in the library."

Spock looks a little surprised. "You do not wish Dr. McCoy and my mother to sleep together while they are in your house?"

"Well, I don't have a problem with it, but I figured you'd maybe--" With the fork pinched between his thumb and index finger, Jim spreads his other fingers out and makes a see-sawing motion.

"I do not pass judgment on my mother's personal relationships," Spock says mildly.

"Wow, really?" Jim's impressed. "That's been, like, a main hobby of mine since I was old enough to talk back, criticizing my mom's choice in men."

"Your mother has been widowed once and divorced three times," Spock says, and that could mean anything, so instead of replying Jim steals the last bite of Spock's pie crust. Spock lets him, which is another sign Jim's starting to read.

"Speaking of sleeping arrangements, I don't think the tour I gave you of the house ever included the master bedroom. You want to check it out?" He takes Spock's plate away from him and tries his very best dirty-young-man leer, which he's found out is pretty effective on Spock.

Sure enough, Spock's eyes drift down to Jim's mouth and stay there, even while he says, "You are forgetting, I did see the master suite when I was making improvements to your home security system."

"Spock," Jim sighs, standing up, "You take all the fun out of innuendo, you know that?" He reaches a hand out and pulls Spock to his feet.

Spock has seen the master bedroom before, but there's a difference between glancing from the doorway and walking into the room itself and looking over everything, which is what Spock does now. Mom wasn't kidding when she said she changed the sheets and aired out the rooms; there's a warm breeze coming in through the open window, and one side of the bedcovers is turned down, which is horrifying in an abstract kind of way.

Jim watches Spock for a second while he turns in a slow circle, taking it all in. He's only brought a handful of people up here and he's always been nervous, worried about what they'd see in the fact that there's nothing to see here. But Spock looks at the bed and the dresser and the blank walls without comment, and without looking like he wants to comment, and when he turns back to face Jim again all he does is pull him close, holding onto his hip and his shoulder. "Jim," he says.

"Mmm," Jim replies, kissing along his jaw. Spock fumbles with Jim's belt buckle and jeans and Jim makes a high-pitched sound as Spock's fingers graze against his side. "I told you," he protests, "I'm ticklish."

"I will be sure never to use that in any way against you," Spock says solemnly.

Jim glares at him, one hand gripping Spock's bicep, the other still around his waist. "I thought you said you never lie," he huffs.

Spock backs up one step at a time toward the bed. "Perhaps occasionally I do make promises that may be unworkable," he admits.

"Uh huh," Jim says, and they fall onto the bed, struggling out of their clothing while they make out, getting distracted from a kiss by the need to pull off a shirt or getting distracted from taking off their shoes by a hand sliding into a back pocket. It's still so new, to be allowed to do whatever he wants to Spock and to know that Spock wants to do all those things right back -- but at the same time it feels like years have passed since the first time, like he knows Spock's body better than his own.

But that's not quite true -- as Jim kisses his way down Spock's body, he can feel Spock tensing underneath him. He's not telepathic but he knows when someone's not onboard. "Jim--"

"What?" Jim says. He pulls away from Spock's nipple and looks up at him. "You don't want me to return the favor from last night?" He thinks back. "And two nights ago?"

Spock shakes his head. "I am happy to engage in -- you do not need to provide fellatio if you do not wish," he says. He's not quite meeting Jim's eyes.

Which is just weird, so Jim sits up, trying really hard to ignore the fact that he's straddling Spock's legs and Spock's whole body is laid out underneath him, soft and warm and his. "I don't need to?" he asks. "Is this some kind of repressed thing? But -- you've done it to me like twice already, so that's not it."

Spock's still not looking at him. "You are not telepathic; it will not bring you the same level of enjoyment as--"

"Wait wait," Jim interrupts, "You think giving head isn't enjoyable?"

"I have been... under that impression," Spock says. He finally looks up at Jim. "Telepathy often brings with it more information than is desirable to have."

Jim doesn't really mean to laugh, but it comes out anyway. "Okay, clearly you've only slept with, I don't know, assholes who aren't me before this. But I," he assures Spock, "Like it."

"You do?"

"Sure." Jim kisses his neck. "I like the taste," he murmurs, sliding down Spock's body, "And the way it feels, stretching my mouth, pushing down my throat."

Spock lifts his head to watch Jim press a kiss to his heart, before sliding still further down. It's like he can't stop watching.

"I like the control," Jim continues as one hand palms Spock's dick, squeezing a little as his thumb swipes over the head. "The noises it forces out."

Spock actually props himself up on his elbows now, and he's breathing hard. Jim shuffles back a little until his mouth is right over Spock's dick and his lips can brush against the head. "And after--"

There's an honest-to-God whimper from Spock, and his hips twitch like he's trying to behave himself but can't quite do it. Jim grabs at Spock's hipbones and holds him down, which means he only has his mouth to use on Spock.

That's fine, though. "And after," he continues, "I love the soreness in my throat, in the corner of my mouth. The way my neck will ache, reminding me every time I turn my head that I was doing this."

"Jim, please," Spock whispers.

"Yeah," Jim whispers back, "I love that too."

It's not like this is anything fancy; Jim keeps his hands on Spock's hips and just uses his tongue and his lips and his teeth, tasting Spock and mouthing his shaft before opening wide and sucking at the head. The taste of cock is always a little surprising at first -- it's not unpleasant, exactly, but it's also not like anything else Jim usually puts in his mouth, so to speak. He gets over it pretty quickly considering the encouragement he's getting. Spock feels like he's breaking into pieces underneath him.

"Jim," Spock gasps, and Jim looks up at him and that seems to do even more to fuck up Spock's ability to function. "You are -- it feels--" and just like that Spock's coming already, his fingers curled into the sheets -- Jim makes a mental note to teach Spock how to pull hair when he's getting a blowjob -- and his mouth and eyes wide open. It's beautiful and kind of hilarious all at once.

Jim pulls off and just lies there for a second, still hard and buzzing with arousal but there's something to be said for savoring someone else's afterglow, and Spock really seems like he's glowing, just a little bit.

But Spock's all about reciprocation, and pretty soon Jim's been rolled onto his back and laid out spread-eagle while Spock works his way down Jim's chest and stomach. Every few seconds Spock looks up and makes eye contact before resuming whatever he's doing. "What?" Jim asks after a while. "Why do you keep--" Spock does something really amazing with his teeth, just below Jim's bellybutton, and Jim forgets what he's saying. But Spock picks it up anyway.

"I wish to gauge your responses," he replies.

"You know my responses."

Spock considers this for a second, and the fact that he's being contemplative while his hand is sliding down to curl around Jim's cock is sending all kinds of conflicting information to Jim's brain. "I know how you feel about certain things," Spock says. "For example you enjoy when I kiss you here," and he presses his lips to the base of Jim's cock. "But you also enjoy it when I kiss here," and this time he mouths at Jim's balls, lips gentle. Jim thrusts up into Spock's grip, and Spock smiles against his hip. "And I enjoy it when you respond with your body as well as with your mind."

"Do you," Jim manages. He's proud of the fact that of the two of them, he's the one who can hold a coherent conversation while he's getting a blowjob. "Oh, God," he adds when Spock licks a long, lewd stripe from Jim's hole to the tip of his cock. Okay, maybe not always so coherent.

"I am very selfish," Spock says after another few seconds, and Jim has to screw his eyes shut and block out the picture of Spock lying between his thighs in order to concentrate on what Spock's actually saying. "It is not only for your pleasure that I pay such attention, but for my own."

"I think I can live with that -- fuck--"

Thank God Spock stops talking right about then in favor of sucking Jim down with all the finesse of a porn star or someone who's tapped into every single thing that drives Jim up the wall. Jim lies back and focuses on the feelings; he doesn't know if it makes it better for Spock, but he likes to think so. Besides, it's not like it's a hardship or anything.

He comes with one hand tight on the back of Spock's head, trying not to push but probably not succeeding, if the discreet coughing is anything to go by, but he can't feel much beyond a blurry sense of goodwill. He tugs Spock up again and Spock goes willingly, settling half on top of him. They watch each other for a few minutes, quiet and Jim at least isn't thinking anything particular.

"I enjoyed that," Spock says, "Although I believe we may want to change the sheets before going to sleep."

Jim laughs, torn between the sleep dragging at his eyes and the unpleasant wet spots on the bed, but Spock rolls off and Jim has to get up anyway. He finds some spare sheets and they change the bed; Spock crawls in first and Jim wraps himself around him, the tangle of their legs already familiar. Jim's about ready to doze off, but he can feel Spock looking around the room again, shifting slightly in Jim's arms. "You thinking about getting me curtains?" Jim mumbles against his shoulder. "Or a painting for the wall or something?"

"It has crossed my mind," Spock says. "I would not have expected your bedroom to be so--"

"Soulless?" Jim asks.

"Lonely," Spock says. "Had I not seen your dormitory quarters at Starfleet, I would have assumed that all your personal effects were there."

"I don't really go in for personal effects," Jim says.

"No. You do not." Spock doesn't say anything else.

Jim takes a deep breath, and then another, watching his breath stir the hair on the back of Spock's head. "I -- I left. When I was sixteen, I left home. Lived off the grid for a few years, and then on my twenty-first birthday I get a call from my mom, telling me she's moved out of the house, it's mine now. I didn't want it, but... it's been in the family for almost two hundred years."

Spock settles his hand gently on Jim's, like he's giving Jim some kind of support. Jim keeps going.

"But then I moved in here -- everything I owned fit in a dufflebag -- I came here, and I just, I guess I thought there'd be some kind of epiphany, you know? Coming back to my childhood home as a man, sleeping in the same room that my father was born in. But it never really felt like there was anything here for me. I don't know what I'm talking about," he adds, pushing his forehead into Spock's shoulder. "I guess I just never thought of this place as my home. More like a repository for bad memories. Well," he amends, "Not all bad ones."

"You built the library," Spock says.

"Because you wanted it," Jim snaps, not even sure who he's pissed off at. "I never -- if Ornees had dropped a photon torpedo on this place, I wouldn't have minded."

Spock clutches at Jim's wrist, hard. "She would have been sure that you were in the house when that happened."

"I know--" but the fingers around his wrist aren't letting up, and Jim adds, "Ow, Jesus, Spock," and twists out of Spock's grip. "Remember that I'm a fragile flower, would you?"

Spock turns to face him. He looks at Jim's wrist and then up into Jim's face, a searching look. "I am sorry," he says.

"It's okay," Jim says.

"Not only about your wrist," Spock clarifies.

"It's okay," Jim repeats, and kisses him softly on the mouth.

*

Spock's mom and Bones arrive early the following evening; Bones doesn't look too good. "Leonard got a little airsick on the ride over," Amanda explains while Jim carries her suitcases up the porch stairs. "I really don't understand what he thinks he's doing, going up into space."

"Inertial dampeners are a hell of a lot more reliable in space than they are in atmosphere, thank the good Lord," Bones says, staggering over to the nearest rocking chair and collapsing with a groan. "I think I'm dying."

"You're not dying," Amanda tells him, before turning back to Jim. "Where's my son?"

"He's helping me cook," Jim says, and Amanda's reaction is pretty priceless. "I've got him on potato-peeling duty," he tells her.

"Oh, thank God," she says. "You had me worried for a moment."

Jim puts her suitcase in the hallway and says, "So, would you like a quick tour? Bones has already seen the place, so..."

"Such a good host. Honey," she says, turning to McCoy, "Will you be all right for a few minutes?"

"Don't mind me, my stomach's just trying to crawl up my esophagus."

"He's fine," Amanda decides.

Jim's got a vague idea that he'll save the library for last, but it's right there off the hallway and there's not a graceful way to get past it. Amanda goes in and looks over the whole room in silence, walking around the perimeter, examining one book or another as they catch her eye. Jim watches her from the doorway and sees her son in the way she frowns at Gibbon's Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire and the the way she smiles over a copy of Romantic poets.

"So this is where Spock stayed while he was recovering?" she asks, trailing a hand over the back of the couch.

"Yeah," Jim answers.

"When we lived on Vulcan, before Spock's father died," and her face doesn't look the way Mom's does whenever she talks about Dad; Amanda looks happy, as if the good memories never got overwritten by the bad ones, "Sarek built me a library for all my books. He thought it was an illogical waste of space and that I was overly sentimental to bring so many with me, but he built that library and gave me a fireplace that I don't think I ever used -- Vulcan's a bit hot for a roaring fireplace -- and Spock loved it." She thinks for a second and adds, "His brother did, too. It was their sanctuary from Vulcan logic and control. And mine.

"When Spock and I came back to Earth, I found a place that had a library and I think he spent our first year holed up in that room, curled up in his brother's armchair and staring out a window." She says all of this while she's looking out at the sunset through the window, and when she turns back her eyes are red. "I wonder if he had much choice at all, falling in love with you."

"He started it," Jim says, which doesn't make sense but it's true all the same, and Amanda laughs at the same time that tears fall down her cheeks.

Bones's entrance is pretty perfect timing, even though he still looks a little queasy. He takes in the scene for a minute, and he probably sees the way Amanda is dabbing at her face with the sleeves of her dress, but all he says is, "So you want to flip a coin over who gets the guest bed and who gets the couch?"

"I'm sure the boys won't be too horribly scarred by our sharing the guest room," Amanda says, going over to Bones; he wraps an arm around her shoulder.

"What, you don't think they'd get scandalized by the way you go to bed at 8:30 and spend four hours doing crossword puzzles?" he asks.

"No," Amanda says, glaring at him, "But they may be deeply offended by your snoring."

"I've heard it before," Jim says. "It's pretty memorable."

Spock finally makes his appearance from the kitchen, wiping his hands on a dishtowel. "Mother. Leonard," he greets them, and Jim bites his lip at the way Spock pronounces Bones's first name -- there's something about the obvious enjoyment Spock gets out of Bones's discomfort. "I trust you are well?"

"I'm dying of airsickness," Bones says, "But other than that we're all right."

"I was showing your mom the library," Jim says.

Spock's reaction is odd -- or maybe not so odd, considering what Amanda just said. He looks nervous as he says, "And how do you find it, Mother?"

"The books aren't in any order that I can see," Amanda tells him, "But other than that, it's lovely. Reminds me of our old library on Vulcan."

"Yes," Spock says, embarrassed now, "I have always found it pleasant."

Jim thinks nobody's ever said anything so nice to him before in his life.

*

Amanda and Bones like the spread Jim's laid out for them -- or at least, Amanda says she likes it and Bones goes back for seconds on everything. Spock eats his fill but about halfway through he stops and stares at Jim.

"What?" Jim mutters, trying to be quiet.

"I believe you have been assured of the quality of the meal," Spock replies. "Perhaps now you should try some for yourself."

Jim looks down at his plate, piled high with smashed potatoes and chicken and corn, and can feel the blush on his cheeks. But he just lifts a forkful of potatoes to his mouth and grins at Spock, who returns to his own meal.

For a few more minutes there's quiet, and when Jim looks up Bones is making a face at him -- the I Feel Awkward face, which Bones pulls whenever some cadet finds out he's a doctor and starts describing a medical condition or whenever he has to talk to his ex-wife. Jim manages not to laugh at him and instead says to Amanda, "Have you and Cadet Uhura finished that paper on the new translation matrices? I heard you wanted to get it finished before the start of the Federation session."

Amanda looks surprised at the question, but she answers quickly enough. "We cut it a bit close, but yes -- and I'm bracing myself for all the angry diplomats I'll have to face."

"Are the new matrices controversial?" Spock asks.

"Only if you're a moron," Jim says, at the same time that Amanda says, "Yes." She wrinkles her nose at Jim for a moment, then smiles and continues, "It depends on your point of view. The old system was to translate the alien language -- call it Language A -- into Standard, and vice versa. Which works fine when at least one member of the group speaks Standard. But there've been problems with third parties using the Translator, because then you get things like Language A being translated into Standard and then into Language B, or Language C, or Language Q. What the matrices will do is offer a more direct translation when neither of the parties are native Standard speakers."

Spock frowns. "And what is the source of the controversy?"

Amanda says to Jim, "I think you can answer this."

This is one of the many reasons Jim's sorry that he ever told Amanda about his interest in xenolinguistics. "The controversy is that Dr. Amanda Grayson, despite the fact that she pretty much created the Universal Translator from scratch and speaks thirty-nine languages with native fluency, isn't actually a native speaker of any language other than Standard. So there'll be a lot of accusations that she's not qualified to make any translation program that isn't Standard-related." He reaches across the table to take another scoop of smashed potatoes from the bowl. "Accusations that will be complete bullshit, by the way."

"It's a valid point to bring up," Amanda counters.

"Again I refer you to the 'only if you're a moron' argument," Jim says.

The debate continues through the rest of the meal and into dessert -- apple pie, because Jim loves the classics -- and in the end even Bones has waded into it with his opinion, digging into a third helping of pie and arguing with Jim over the most recent redrawing of the Klingon Neutral Zone. Spock stays out of it, though, and when Jim glances over his way he's just sitting there watching the rest of them while he drinks his tea, a tiny smile on his face.

"All the same, you can't deny that the prison planets have been a major source of conflict for over thirty years," Bones says, and he's about to continue when they both notice Amanda and Spock having a different conversation toward their end of the table. A conversation that involves Amanda saying, "--finished your sweater."

"Ah. Thank you, Mother," Spock says. He doesn't look that thankful.

"Sweater?" Jim asks after a moment. He can feel Bones starting to laugh, and he kicks him under the table.

"My mother knits sweaters for me," Spock explains, his face completely deadpan and probably Spock has never kicked anybody under the table in his life, but he probably wants to right now just to get the smirk off Jim's face. And God knows Jim doesn't want to be smirking right now, but he can't make himself stop. "Usually to mark some festive occasion such as Christmas."

"Now, be fair," Amanda says, "I haven't made you a sweater with a reindeer on it since you were in school."

Bones's shoulders are shaking, even though he's not technically making any noise, and Jim kicks him again. "So -- you just made him another one," Jim says to Amanda.

Amanda nods, obviously pretty pleased with herself -- for the life of him, Jim can't tell if she's honestly proud of the sweater, or if she's really as evil as Jim suspects and it enjoying watching Spock not-squirm in his seat. "Yes, it turned out pretty well, if I do say so myself. I got all of this wool when I was on Vulcan, and I had to do something with it. And Spock says they're very nice."

"That is true," Spock says. "I will be sure to come by your house when we return to San Francisco and collect it."

"Oh, I brought it with me," Amanda says. That seals it: definitely evil.

Jim asks, "Can I see it?" at the same time that Bones does.

The sweater, when Amanda takes it out of her suitcase, is impressively ugly -- it's dark blue and light blue in some indescribable pattern that looks like blatant abuse of the Mandelbrot set or something. Jim can see a couple of holes from where Amanda probably got distracted and dropped a stitch. One side hangs slightly longer than the other.

The fabric itself, though, is kind of interesting -- it looks a little like cotton, but it's shinier and fuzzier, and it catches the light in a way that no fabric Jim's ever seen does "What is this?" he asks, fingering the sleeve. "This isn't wool."

Amanda smiles and hands it to Spock, who holds it stiffly at arm's length. "It's krovill wool -- it's a Vulcan animal, a bit like sheep, or more like goats really. Very intelligent, and they'll eat anything. But they're rare, and their wool is terribly expensive. Giving someone a gift of krovill wool is a high honor." She frowns at Spock. "Well, put it on, I want to see how it looks."

Spock looks like he wants to sigh, but he obeys and pulls the sweater on over his head. He says, "It is very... comfortable."

"Oh, dear," she says, not paying attention to him, "I didn't think that hole in the torso would be noticeable. Oh, well. At least this one's not too long in the sleeves."

That's true -- in fact the sleeves stop halfway up Spock's forearm, exposing ten centimeters of his shirtsleeve. Spock tugs at the cuffs, and looks up at Jim through his eyelashes. He could be irritated or he could be embarrassed -- knowing Spock it's probably both at the same time. Jim wonders what a nice person would do in a situation like this.

"It's really great, Amanda," Jim says. "Spock's lucky to get this. I'll make sure he doesn't put in the washdry and shrink it."

"I have plenty of wool left over," Amanda tells him, wide-eyed and earnest and totally, totally evil. "I could make you one, too, if you'd like."

"Oh," Jim says. It's like he didn't even see that coming, except he totally should have. "That would be just great."

"Lovely," Amanda beams. "You'll be a matching pair. Now hold on just a moment, I think I have a recorder in my purse downstairs, I'll get your measurements."

In the ensuing silence, Spock takes off his new sweater and folds it carefully in his hands. "I am certain you will enjoy it as much as I do," he tells Jim.

"Oh, undoubtedly," Bones agrees.

"Shut the hell up, both of you," Jim says.