Later that evening, after Alice had enjoyed another cup of tea with her new friend, after she had giggled with Philomena over Sir Patrick’s latest run-in with Thackery – “La! The man should know better than to steal bread and butter from a Mad March Hare!” – and after Alice had accused Philomena of waiting for someone special out here on the concealed balcony (to which the lady had blushed and blustered most entertainingly), Alice informs Tarrant of her intent to take a bath. 

He takes a deep breath but his smile remains friendly and undimmed. “As always, take care not to slip, my dear.” 

Alice does not tell him that, in handful of days, he will be most welcome in assisting her with climbing into the bath tub. No, she does not tell him that, but oh, how she wants to! Alice rubs his shoulder as she passes by his armchair, where he is reading one of the books Alice had brought with her from Above (a compilation of Shakespeare’s best works... currently he is giggling his way through Much Ado About Nothing ), and gathers her nightdress, robe, slippers, and – resisting a guilty glance over her shoulder – her pair of ladies kid leather gloves. 

Her hands shake so she clutches the bundle to her chest as she moves toward the bathroom. She is nervous tonight, although not unaccountably so. Tarrant had noticed her grin of triumph when she had returned from her Plotting. He had congratulated her on a successful mission. She should feel optimistic. 

She feels as if this is her last chance. As if – if she fails now – the opportunity will be lost forever. She does not want to lie to Tarrant – not even a White One! – but she will... if she has to. 

Alice closes the bathing room door, but does not lock it. She has never locked a single door between herself and Tarrant (well, not intentionally – the door to their Rooms in the fourth floor hall of the West Wing’s Round Turret had locked of its own accord behind her) and she will not begin locking doors between them now. The idea that he might be thinking of her, in here, touching and exploring and thinking of him ... The idea that he might be compelled to investigate, to be near her, nuzzle her neck, lick the shell of her ear... 

Alice shivers. She does not bother to draw a bath. Not yet. First, she will... 

“Woul’ ye like some assistance, mae Alice?” the figment of her husband whispers over her shoulder and into her ear. 

She nods and lifts her hands to guide his fingers as he removes her tunic. Of course he is not really here with her – this is just another episode provided by her imagination – but she relishes the contact with him, such as it is. 

The tunic is dropped to the floor and Alice lifts her hands to her chemise... But then she pauses and reaches for the gloves she had placed on the bathroom vanity. She pulls them on, enjoying the soft, all-inclusive friction as her fingers then knuckles then palms slide into their depths. Alice closes her eyes, takes a deep breath, lifts her gloved hands to the ties of her chemise and... 

“Alice...” the Tarrant-that-is-not-there moans softly in her ear... and places his hands over her clothed breasts. She gasps as his fingers – and they must be his fingers because she cannot feel her own hands touching her breasts; there is a vague sense weight in her palms but the majority of the sensation itself blossoms in the flesh these gloved hands hold; oh, Philomena had been right! These gloves are... are... miraculous! – Tarrant’s masculine hands handle her as he had the batten at their morning tea. He cradles the rounded flesh and his thumbs brush over the pebbled tips. 

“I want ta see ye,” he sighs needily and Alice nods. The chemise ties loosen after a bit of fumbling that makes her heart race with anticipation. And then his hands – encased in leather that is slightly cool to the touch – are molding to her breasts, pinching and rolling and tugging her nipples. 

“ Yes ,” she gasps. “ Tarrant... ” 

“Sit dauwn, mae wife... Let me... Aye, just like that, mae Alice... Let me...” 

She does. She sinks down onto the vanity bench, facing away from the mirror, and simply feels as Tarrant’s hands encircle her throat and flow down, crossing over her chest, ghosting over her sensitive breasts, and then coming to rest on her thighs. 

“Ye’re still wearing tae much,” he observes. 

“ Then take them off ,” she pleads, lifting her hips to accommodate the removal of her breeches. She kicks them away and his hands return to her thighs. She marvels at how... marvelous this feels. She does not feel the texture of her own skin; she feels only his touch which has warmed with each pass over her body. She nudges her hips toward his hands as they slide up the inside of her thighs slowly... very slowly. 

“D’ye want mae, Alice?” 

“ Yes... ” 

“Tell mae,” he growls, his fingers digging in to her skin just a bit, as if that pressure will stop their mindless advance. 

“ I want you. Please , Tarrant ,” she begs – she is not above begging for this, for him, for this vague promise of fulfillment. 

“Alice...” 

The hands move higher. The tips of his fingers brush through the curls surrounding the warm entrance to her body. 

“Ah... Alice... ” 

One finger gently ventures further, finds slickness, circles the swelling folds of her femininity. 

“D’ye want this?” 

“ Yes... ” 

“But no’quite yet,” he differs, dragging that fingertip up to the bundle of nerves Alice remembers feeling pulse and throb when he had kissed her, had rolled atop of her, had fit his hips to the cradle of hers and thrust with mindless Want through layers of berry-stained cloth. 

“ Ah...! ” 

The other hand finds its way into her unbound hair before trailing with possessive assertiveness down the side of her neck to her breast, which it palms, weighs, and squeezes gently. Just then, his fingertip – smooth and slick – circles that place within her folds. 

“ Hngh! ” 

“Aye... tha’s it, mae Alice. Give in ta mae...” 

She does. Unashamed, she rocks toward him, opens her thighs a bit more, inviting – demanding – his undivided attention. He runs one hand over the inside of her thigh as the other drifts down toward her opening again, dares to enter a bit further than before and then withdraws, circles that sensitive flesh and rises once more to those delightful yet so fickle nerves and rubs left and right, to and fro... 

“ Tarrant... more ... ” 

He gives it to her. One long finger delves inside her while his thumb attends to the bundle of compact Desire above her entrance. With his other hand, he grasps her thigh, her breast, her neck... 

“Alice... mae Alice... mae wife... how does that feel?” he whispers hotly against the skin of her shoulder. He kneels between her open knees and she moans when his hand moves. He pulls out of her and then gently presses back in. His thumb draws horridly naughty circles on her pleasure point. 

She gasps as he crooks his finger within her, massaging something that makes her hips buck and her back arch. “ Tarrant! ” 

“Alice? Alice, are you all right?” 

“ Yes... ” she replies in surrender. He is inside her and his movements are... so... very...! And... she... wants... more...! “ Please... ” 

She thinks she vaguely hears the sound of brass fixtures rattling nearby but can’t be bothered to check. Tarrant is panting in her ear, murmuring to her in Outlandish, urging her thrusts with a hand on her hip and she opens even wider to him. 

“Alice...” 

“ Don ’ t stop... ” she gasps. 

“ Alice... ” 

Yes, just like that. She can do nothing less than surrender completely when he says her name just so, just so perfectly, breathlessly... 

“ Please ,” she whispers again, gasps, and groans as he presses deeper into her than he had dared before. She can feel the heat and the need and it is coalescing... building... “ Tell me how... ” she whines, her eyes still tightly shut and her lower lip caught in her teeth and her hair spilling over her shoulders, teasing her breasts. 

“ Tarrant! Tell me what to do...! ”