JD sighed and turned over in bed. The mattress was lumpy -- not so bad he felt like complaining, but he'd gotten used to sleeping on Ezra's big comfy bed, and this really wasn't cutting it. He rolled onto his front, trying for a more comfortable position. If Ezra's undercover op went on for much longer he'd probably have to start sleeping on the floor or bust out and sneak back to home. He grimaced into the pillow and flopped over again onto his back, unable to settle, sleep eluding him. Yeah. Right. He missed the mattress.

He slid his hand under his t-shirt and past the waistband of his boxers then paused, listening hard. Buck wasn't home. Seemed like the man had a date every night and never saw the same girl two night running. In his absence the little apartment was quiet; the murmur of traffic ebbing in the late evening. Under it, a low buzz of insects, distant voices -- tv, radio, people talking, he didn't know which, and didn't much care.

His dick was already hardening, anticipating his touch. He closed his eyes, soaking up the feel of his fingers trailing slowly over his skin, pushing down until they scraped through coarse hair, and then wrapped them lightly around the base of his dick, sighing contentedly. He didn't do anything for a moment, then squeezed gently, then eased off. It wasn't enough, god, it was barely anything, but he kept on, closing his grip, releasing it, winding the sensation higher, enjoying the feeling of riding the edge.

Patience, patience...

His shoulders lifted, back arching, his whole body rising to the point marked by his dark cock, tip showing above his hand, base hidden under his shorts. He shifted, got rid of the shorts with quick, frustrated movements, too eager now to wait. No patience, he thought, and the words seemed to have a southern flavor and he moaned. He moved his hand slightly, up just a little, and then down again, and the motion, once started it felt unstoppable, pulling roughly on his dry shaft.

Liquid gathered, and he spread it with his thumb over the head of his dick, sighing, moving restlessly at the new touch, wishing, dreaming. Ezra could suck him like this; had sucked him off like this, holding his thighs down, blowing him as JD stroked his root. He swallowed, and licked his lips, pressed his tongue against the roof of his mouth, remembering the weight of Ezra's dick in his mouth, the heat and salt-sweetness of his skin; the hot spurt of come. The gentle touch of Ezra's hands, and his kisses.

He moaned again, his hand moving faster, until it began to chafe, and he stopped for a second, licked his palm liberally and reached back down. Saliva wasn't the best of lubricants but it was good enough -- it wasn't going to take long. He ran his other hand down his side, touching lightly, savoring the sensation. He stroked up again, sliding his hand over his stomach, then further, onto his thigh, and inwards, taking his time on the soft skin, exploring it as though he didn't know it millimeter by millimeter. Along his crotch, cupping his balls, taking an imagined path that Ezra watched, commanded, and JD groaned, twisting on the bed, eager for it, half convinced that Ezra was there, that if he opened his eyes he'd find him there, eyes hot on him, hot for him.

He didn't open his eyes.

He slid deeper into the moment, the touches tugging him out of himself, rough pulls on his cock, strong and quick, bringing him to the edge fast, and the light fingers brushing over the skin of his ass, combing through the sparse hair, and further. He pressed a finger in, just a fraction and shook, gasping for air. He moaned again, the noise loud in the still room, losing himself deeper into the pressure and the rhythm, until it blew apart, driving him under, gasping for air, a name tumbling out of him whether he wanted it to or not, and he turned over and buried his face in his pillow, letting the illusion chase him down into sleep.

------

"These are fakes," he said flatly, and ripped the photographs in two, "You stupid bitch, they're fakes."

"But, Sky..." she whined. Skyane Lasater ignored her and dropped the pieces on the floor.

"When I tell you to come to me if *anyone** asks you about me, petal, I mean, *anyone**."

"I told you!" she protested, and then subsided at his furious look.

"Not soon enough, Sukie-sweetheart." There was no affection whatsoever in the pet name. "I knew there was a reason [Standish] was twitchy. Fucking ATF."

"Honey, I didn't--"

"Shut up." He drew a deep breath and looked away, his eyes abstracted, clearly thinking hard. "Okay, this is what you're going to do..."

------

Ezra stared at the picture, then shoved it back into the envelope. He was surprised to find his hands steady, training still stronger than emotion.

"Ezra?" He looked up at Vin, who had somehow moved to his side without him noticing. "What's wrong?"

He smiled. "A touch of indigestion."

"Yeah?" Vin reached for the envelope. Ezra tried to snatch it away and then gave up. He pushed his chair back a little and looked away, hoping to feign indifference. Vin didn't even look at him before re-opening the stiff brown envelope.

Vin leafed through the dozen or so eight by ten photos, his face grim and getting grimmer. "Shit."

Ezra winced.

"Buck!" Vin called, "c'm 'ere!"

The whole room was watching, as Buck got to his feet and stepped over to Ezra's desk. "Ezra?" he asked, but Ezra said nothing and he turned his attention to Vin, who held out one of the pictures.

"When was that?" he asked.

Buck took it and shook his head, "I don't -- wait. Day before yester-- wait, no, I'm wearing the green shirt." He narrowed his eyes, thinking. "I'm thinking it woulda been Sunday evening. We went to see a film; the kid was miserable as sin." He tapped the photograph, "Yeah, that's on the way back to the car. About quarter past, maybe twenty past eleven."

Vin slid Ezra a look, and said, "When d'you get this, Ez?"

"It was on my desk this morning."

"*Your** desk." Josiah was leaning in too, and Ezra bit back his urge to sarcastically invite the world to take a look at his foolish insecurity. "Now, is that because you work with Buck, or because you sleep with JD?" Ezra snapped his attention back to Josiah, skin crawling unpleasantly.

"What?" he said softly. He'd given up JD for the case -- for just the duration of the case. If they had known anyway ...

Josiah shrugged. "Clearly, someone is has connected one of them with you. The question is: who? Why? And what do they know?"

"The question is, how the hell did those things even get there, and what do they intend by it?" Chris said tersely. He shook his head abruptly and stood. "Ezra, your cover is compromised. I'm pulling you out."

"What? No!" Ezra protested instantly, " We don't even know if it's related to the case, and --"

"You want JD dead?" Larabee leaned in close, and picked up one of the pictures. "I'm not putting this kid -- or Buck -- in danger because of your pride."

"That's not it--" Ezra hesitated. Was that it? He hadn't lost a case yet on the team, but it was nothing to do with breaking an otherwise flawless record in Team Seven. It was about getting Lasater. "We can't let Lasater get away with it. We don't negotiate with criminals." But what if he was putting JD in danger?

"You want him to try getting away with murder?" Chris snapped. He flicked a blunt fingernail right over JD's heart, and Ezra flinched. "That could have been a scope."

He wasn't thinking about that.

"We're so close to getting him."

Josiah shook his head. "I think someone's close, but I'm not sure it's Lasater."

"What?" The discussion degenerated into a hubbub of protests until Chris yelled.

"Shut up the lot of you!" He waited, let the silence spread, and then nodded to Josiah. "Explain."

Josiah shook his head. "It's that style thing. Lasater wouldn't do this. This is too -- too woolly, too vague. A photograph, no note, no markings. Not even a threat. It would have been easy enough to mark up the picture. Add crosshairs or a threat. But it's just..." He frowned. "It reminds me of something."

Buck grinned. "Hell, it looks like one of those scandal photos. You know, celeb seen with new boyfriend." He stopped as all eyes swung to him. "Ah, now, wait. You're not serious--"

"Break Ezra's trust," Josiah nodded thoughtfully, "But in you or in the kid? What's the angle?"

"Two fer one," Vin murmured. "Why stick at either or?"

Josiah nodded curtly. "I'm guessing this was the most 'interesting' picture they could manage."

Buck grinned reluctantly. "I'm not surprised. He's a nice enough kid, but he ain't my type." He rolled his eyes, "Besides, he's so stuck on Ez it's not funny."

Ezra couldn't help a tiny, happy smile at that. More than a month since he'd last seen him, and JD was still fond... Surely he could come up with something better than this? Maybe he could arrange a meet somewhere. Go to a little hotel he knew... "Ow!" He glared at Vin, who just grinned at him.

"Get your head back here, Romeo," Vin chuckled and then sobered. "So, if not Lasater, then who?"

"Who knows enough to go after those two and then send the pictures to Ez?"

Ezra's face hardened. "It's a short list."

"Names?" Larabee snapped.

"Maude. Donna LaFay -- we met at her place." He grimaced. "Maybe Torrence. All ya'll."

"Torrence?" Larabee said slowly, thunder in his eyes. "*Jacob** Torrence."

Ezra winced. "Yes."

"Calmly. This doesn't include any of Lasater's people. His girlfriend, for example," Josiah intervened.

"Who, Sukie McPherson? Why would she..." Ezra shook his head. "Wait. *Wait*." he scrabbled for a pen, and paper. "Buck took those photos of Lasater and his new girlfriend."

"Bianca."

"Bianca, yes."

"Ezra. Jacob Torrence?"

Ezra looked up at his boss, and gritted his teeth. "There is apparently a possibility that Mr. Torrence believes that the money Maude spent on --" procuring? buying? Avoid the verbs --"on JD was originally ah, his."

There was a long silence. "Maude stole, what?"

"Half a million," Vin said helpfully, and Buck and Nathan's jaws dropped.

"I'm thinking there's a whole story I'm missing here," Nathan said with a frown, and Vin shook his head.

"Later, Nate."

"A cool half a million. From J. C. Torrence," Chris said flatly. "Maude embezzled. Half a million dollars. From the slickest operator it's been my privilege to fail to jail?"

Ezra nodded, reminding himself firmly that Maude Standish's son didn't back down from physical or psychological intimidation. Not even from Larabee. He stood up straight and squared his shoulders.

"What a woman," Josiah chortled, shaking his head in admiration and effortlessly cracking through the rising tension between Chris and Ezra. "Damn, but she's one hell of a lady." He shot a wicked look at Ezra. "One day, son." Nathan was shaking his head at Josiah, but grinning widely nonetheless.

Buck grinned, "Anyone who puts one over old Jake gets my vote."

"Over my dead body," Ezra muttered at Josiah, but it seemed that the last knot had been untied. The others apparently were now regarding Maude in the improbable light of a Robin Hood figure. He considered that notion with some amusement, picturing her face on being enlightened as to her new image. He would need to ensure a photographer was present for the occasion.

"I can arrange that," Chris growled, but the heat seemed to have gone out of his fury, much to Ezra's relief. Vin started laughing, despite Chris's glower, and soon they were all grinning.

Buck was the first to stop, taking the picture that had started all this and frowning at it. "Where's JD now?" he asked absently.

"In class, I guess." Ezra pulled out his pda and checked the calendar. "Topologies," he then added with a shrug, "if the schedule hasn't changed."

"Can you check that?" Chris asked, and Ezra frowned.

"Yes, but--"

"Do it. Vin, Nate. Round the kid up. Safe house -- talk to Malcolm or Leila, get something inconspicuous. Buck, you're staying right here. Josiah and I are going to be your new best buddies. You don't go anywhere without telling one of us. Ezra, you too."

"Aw, and I thought I was already your old best friend," Buck jibed, but nodded.

"What?" Ezra said, startled out of his usual insouciance. "You think--"

"Like he said," Chris jerked a thumb towards Vin. "Why stop at one of you?"

-------------

JD was bored. What had been so exciting a month ago, so impossible just three months ago, right now felt tedious, time consuming and pointless. He made a noise of disgust and pushed away from his desk and his dissertation.

"JD?" Casey looked up from where she'd been finishing a paper on environmental damage and cattle farming, and frowned.

"Sorry, Case," he said. He stood and peered out the window. As offices went it wasn't much of anything, looking straight into another blank wall, and down, if he was crazy enough to open the window and lean out, onto dumpsters. Mid October it smelled faintly still of rising rot. He hated to think what it was going to be like in high summer.

"Ain't all that," she said, and joined him at the window. He smiled without looking at her. Casey huffed an impatient sigh. "You could just go see him."

"It's not that."

"No?" Casey twisted a little to lean against the window frame and stared at him disbelievingly, her arms folded over her chest.

JD shrugged, picking compulsively at a non-existent hangnail. "More important they catch whoever they're after."

"Oh for--! JD! You won't break his cover or whatever the hell by *phoning** him!"

"I could. Buck said--"

"Buck said? *Buck** said? Buck Wilmington would say anything!" she snapped. "I'm amazed he hasn't tried to set you up with 'a nice young filly' or a gay friend of his, or --" Her eyes narrowed as JD looked away. "JD..."

"Nothing happened. He just wanted to cheer me up--"

"When I get a hold of that, that, *lump** --"

"He meant well, Case." JD stared at his hands, poised, motionless on his keyboard. "I hate this. I want to be *doing** something."

Casey's mouth twitched, but she said merely, "Your dissertation isn't going anywhere on its own like that."

"My dissertation's a piece of shit. I'm starting to hate the damn thing. If it wasn't for that I could --"

"What?"

"Oh, I don't know. It doesn't matter. I just have to wait it out." His jaw tightened, and Casey winced. "I'll be fine," he said, at the look on her face.

"Let's get out of here," she said suddenly.

"What?"

"Out!" She tugged him away from the window. "You're miserable, and I can't get any work done with you whining in the corner there--"

"I wasn't whin-- Casey!" Casey snapped his laptop shut and grabbed JD's backpack. "Casey! I hadn't saved that!"

"Oh, like you'd done any work. If you'd had a piece of paper you'd'a been doodling 'Ezra P Standish' all over it. Little pink hearts and all."

JD blushed, and Casey let out a crack of laughter. "You didn't!" JD shrugged a little.

I miss him, he thought, and although he hadn't said it out loud, Casey touched his shoulder lightly and said gently, "I know, J. It's okay."

She sighed then straightened up, a determined expression on her face. "Enough! How'd you feel about roller blading and a picnic? Last sunny day of the year..."

He sighed, "I wish. I've got class in ten minutes."

"Oh, like you can't cut it just this once," she wheedled, and JD smiled half heartedly.

"What, like you did?" he teased, mildly. She pouted, but it fell away into a wicked grin in moments.

"It's a higher calling."

"I guess agronomic theory wasn't high enough?"

She wrinkled her nose a little, "Oh, it was plenty high."

"You'll never make it as a agronomist if you can't take the stink of farming," he laughed at her, and she laughed right back.

"Oh, I'll do fine, as long as I take regular breaks." She stared at him pointedly, her hands on her lips.

He scratched at the back of his neck, laughing, "Well, to help a friend," he said, and twitched his eyebrows at her.

"You're so kind." She bobbed a curtsy that looked deeply peculiar with the sweater and jeans she was wearing. "Well?"

"Sure." Why not. Maybe getting out into the cool, crisp fall day would help. God knows he hadn't managed to concentrate on anything else today, so what his notes would look like after an hour of topologies while mainly thinking about a pair of green eyes, and dark auburn hair, and that pale, muscled body, and dark, slender cock... He swallowed, shook himself to drive away the uncomfortable thoughts, and said, "I haven't--"

Casey smirked. "I have!" He followed her, locking the office door behind him, down to the locker area, where she produced his own rollerblades with a flourish. "How'd you--"

"I was talking to Aunt Nettie, and she called Vin, and he talked to Ezra, and--" she gestured at the blades, "ta-da!"

JD looked down at them. "Did Ez say anything--"

She shook her head, "Vin fetched them over, just said that Ez was fine."

"Oh." Nothing new over what Buck kept saying, but it was a little comforting to get it from another source. He followed Casey out the building and perched next to her on the steps up into the Math building, pulling on the skates, putting his sneakers into his backpack. "Did he say--"

"He's fine." Casey tugged at the last of the straps, then snapped the last closure. "Doesn't Buck--?"

"He just says he's fine too. Everyone's 'fine'." He didn't mention Buck's kind attempts to cheer him up; or his forbearance when JD curled up at the end of the couch and didn't speak for hours at a time. It couldn't be much fun having a strange man in your bachelor pad, cramping your style. He'd interrupted more than one private little date, and Buck had shrugged it off as though it didn't trouble him in the least.

Buck dragged him out to see more movies in the last month than he'd seen in the last two years, had encouraged him to meet friends, had offered to take him out to Inez's place again. He meant well, and JD had even enjoyed some of it. The fight over the washing up, where they had both ended up soaked, Buck wearing a dripping dishcloth on his head and JD poking bubbles out of his ear had reduced them both to helpless laughter, and the kind of silence that was warmer than the chatter of strangers. Or Buck's attempt to discuss his project with him. Buck had taken JD's ill suppressed giggles good-naturedly, and then started on NASCAR, about which JD knew nothing, and enjoyably drubbed JD at a game based on it.

Buck said as little as he could about the investigation details; just passed on the minimum to keep JD aware that Ezra was alive and well. JD didn't dare ask for more, afraid of what they might ask in return.

"Come on!" Casey crouched then stood and twirled. "Hurry up!"

JD checked the fastenings and pushed himself to his feet. "Sheesh, where's the fire?"

Casey started down the road, then grinned over her shoulder, "Come on!"

He had to admit, it was a pretty good idea, this. His thighs ached from the unaccustomed workout, but it was a good ache, his lungs felt full of clean cold air instead of stuffed up with being inside the whole damn time, and the joy of skating, half running, half gliding, came back so quickly. He was smiling, his face aching, as they wove in and out of the foot traffic and bicycles.

"Over here?" JD called to Casey, who was inscribing little half circles as she skated. She set her feet apart a little wider and turned on the spot.

"What?"

JD pointed to an empty bench.

"Cool!" They followed the path as close as it would take them then walked clumsily the rest of the way over the soft bark.

"You should call him," she said, flopping down onto the bench and sprawling out gracelessly.

"Can't." JD stared at the cell phone in his hands like he'd never seen it before, turning its over and over.

"Why not?"

JD shrugged, keeping his eyes on the slim silver oblong. "'Cause."

Casey sighed, and even without looking at her he knew she'd just rolled her eyes.

"Men! JD, there ain't no harm--"

"Oh, don't give me that, Casey, you know why not," he said wearily. "He's ATF. I'm a liability. Gay boyfriend; undercover op. They don't mix well."

"You could -- you could meet up somewhere. If he's good as Vin says then--"

"Case -- " he closed his eyes, trying not to listen to the arguments that he'd tried himself, then sighed, looking across the quiet park. "He's got to call me. I can't call him. I don't know where he is, or who he's with, or even if the number I have for him right now goes to a phone that's in his pocket or locked up in Larabee's desk." He stopped, stared blankly at the path.

"Hey," she shifted up closer and nudged his shoulder with hers. "He'll call."

"What if he can't?"

"You mean what if he's -- if there's a problem? JD Dunne, you're a moron, ya know that?"
JD half smiled at her. "You tell me often enough."

"That's 'cause it's *true**. Idiot," she added, but fondly. "You think the boys wouldn't come get you if there was a problem? You think they wouldn't tell you if he was in hospital, or dead, or whatever awful, stupid things you're driving yourself crazy with?"

JD bit his lip and didn't look up.

"J. D." Casey swatted upside the back of his head. "Idiot's too good. You think Vin would do that? You think Buck could keep a secret for ten seconds? You think Josiah wouldn't do anything he could to make sure Ezra was happy?" She sat back and shook her head. "Sheesh."

"I don't know them like you do, Case," he said shortly, "and by the way," rubbing his head, "ow!"

"You deserved it."

"Did not."

"Did too."

"Moron."

"Tart."

"Lame brain."

"Romantic."

"That's below the belt, Dunne," she protested, but grinned at him affectionately. She leaned over a little and whispered, "And in case you were wondering, no, he hasn't forgotten about you. Betya."

He sighed, but let it slide. It was just paranoid to be afraid that with a month apart, Ezra might have reconsidered their rather unconventional relationship. A thought struck him and he brightened. He had the best part of a year to run on the contract yet. If Ezra wanted out, he'd have a fight on his hands.

"That's better," Casey smiled and nudged at him again. "You big dope."