Harry woke up feeling more rested and refreshed than he had felt in a long time. He sensed a comfortable warmth next to him and soon realised it was Malfoy.

No, it was Draco.

Harry straightened his glasses and gave the boy whose arms he’d been sleeping in a closer look; Draco’s skin was porcelain pale. There were tiny light brown freckles scattered around his nose. His blond hair was tousled, and his lips were pink and moist and parted slightly.

Harry gulped. His mind drifted to all the things he longed to do in this very moment, if only he had the nerve, and of course, provided Riddle wasn’t in the room with them.

Unable to resist, he slowly trailed an index finger along Draco’s bottom lip.

“Pretty, isn’t he?” Tom said, not bothering to keep the amusement out of his voice.

Harry blushed. “Er… sure… yeah,” he stammered, unsure how to respond. The first thing that sprang to his mind, though, was that Draco wasn’t merely pretty; the boy looked positively delicious. This wasn’t something Harry could say to Tom, however – even if Tom didn’t seem to mind his boyfriend getting cosy with another bloke, and one he, himself, wasn’t particularly fond of, besides.

Draco opened his eyes. “Hello, Potter,” he whispered and gently kissed Harry on the lips. “By the way, thanks for refusing to duel me earlier. I don’t know what gets into Snape sometimes.”

“That bastard has always hated me,” Harry muttered bitterly. “Always. From the first second he set eyes on me.”

Draco said nothing. Instead, he kissed Harry again, slowly and longingly.

“You know,” Tom interjected with a grin, “if you two would prefer me to leave, you only have to ask.”

Draco turned his head around. He looked from Tom to Harry and back again, an unreadable expression on his face, while Harry just lay there quietly, wondering what was going to happen next.

Draco held out his hand. “Tom?” he said hesitantly.

Frowning, Tom rose from his chair, walked over to the bed and took the outstretched hand. “What is it?”

Draco stood up, threw his arms around Tom’s waist and kissed him in the same tender way he had just kissed Harry.

Tom responded with fervour. He found he didn’t mind Potter watching them any more than he'd minded watching Draco and Potter go at it. On the contrary, he soon realised that this was something of a turn-on too.

“Was there a point to that, Malfoy?” he asked when Draco pulled back again.

“Perhaps,” Draco said with a smirk. “What do you think, Harry?”

Tom looked at Harry, then, and he couldn’t help but notice that the boy seemed more than a little affected by what he’d just witnessed; his cheeks were flushed, his eyes wide, and all he could manage in response was a stammered, “W-Well, er-”

“Maybe you should kiss Potter now, Tom,” Draco suggested matter-of-factly as he sat back down. “Actually, when I think about it, it seems only fair that you do. After all, I didn’t get to play the spectator game yet.”

Two pairs of green eyes widened in shock. “Are you fucking serious?” Tom and Harry blurted out simultaneously.

“Certainly,” Draco said, a small, calculating grin playing around his mouth. "Any reason I wouldn’t be?”

“Now, Draco.” Tom laughed. “Far be it from me to deny you one of your fantasies, but I’d hate to scare our little hero here. I suspect I might be rather more than he can handle.”

Harry clenched his fists. Tom Riddle was fast getting on his nerves. He didn’t care how powerful that pompous git supposedly was, this infuriating, smug, superior attitude of his had to stop.

Right. Now.

“You’d be surprised at what I can handle, Riddle,” Harry spat. He leapt up, grabbed Tom by the shoulders and kissed him full on the lips. He didn’t stop there, either. Roughly, he shoved his tongue inside Tom’s mouth.

Tom responded instantly, and Harry soon found himself caught up in something that was more fighting than kissing, a world removed from the tender moments he had just shared with Draco, but still, that didn’t make it any less pleasurable or exciting or intense.

When he finally let go of Tom, they were both panting heavily, and more than a little shocked at the passion they had inadvertently evoked in each other.

“Fuck me,” Draco said dazedly, sifting a shaking hand through his hair. “You two… that was… bloody hell!”

Neither Harry nor Tom knew why this suddenly seemed so funny, but they both chuckled.

“You’re right,” Tom said. “It was.” He sat down on the bed, pulled Draco to him and they resumed their earlier kissing.

Harry bit his lip. He stood there motionless, staring at the young men on the bed. He had no idea what to do next. Completely caught up in each other, they seemed to have entirely forgotten he was even in the room. Fair enough, he supposed (after all, they were a couple first), but he still felt rejected, cast aside, and nothing at all like how he’d felt when he’d first woken up in Malfoy’s arms earlier.

Harry sighed and turned on his heel, ready to leave; his presence clearly wasn’t required any longer.

Then, however, Draco spoke again. “Harry, would you like to join us?”

Harry gulped. He turned around, and before he fully realised what he was doing, his feet were already taking him back in the direction of the bed. He sat down, moved into Draco’s arms and kissed him heatedly. Through lidded eyes, he could see how Tom went to sit behind Draco and started kissing a trail down the boy’s neck.

Harry had no idea what he was getting himself into, but he was quite sure he didn’t want to stop. Snogging Draco was the best thing in the world.
Harry could see Tom’s hands wandering underneath Draco’s shirt, caressing the boy’s back, chest and stomach.

Draco let out a deep moan as Tom played with his nipples. Harry felt his own cock twitch in response.

“Let’s get you more comfortable,” Tom whispered. He slowly undid Draco’s trousers.

Harry paused for a moment and looked down. He inhaled sharply when Tom’s right hand wrapped itself around Draco’s erection. Were the three of them actually doing this? How far were they going to go? And shouldn't he be worried that he wasn’t the least bit scared, not at all nervous anymore? Was he finally losing his mind?

“Keep kissing him, Potter,” Tom instructed. “He loves to kiss.”

Harry gladly complied.

He could feel Draco increase his grip on his shoulders, cling to him fiercely as Tom sped up his movements and continued kissing and nipping Draco’s neck.

Harry didn’t think he’d ever seen anything more erotic than the look on Draco’s face in that very moment, or heard a more enticing sound than that little whimper Draco made whenever Tom touched him just there and almost drove him to the edge—-almost, but not quite, because clearly Tom liked to tease his lover a little. Harry wasn't really surprised.

Soon, their kisses turned more feverish, more urgent. Harry’s heart was jumping in his throat, not to mention how other parts of him were reacting. At this rate, he was going to come in his pants, untouched. The onslaught of sensations was overwhelming and amazing. He moaned against Draco’s mouth.

Draco responded with a deep moan of his own, before he started to thrust into Tom’s hand frantically, never letting go of Harry, never stopping their desperate kissing.

And then, much too soon, it was over. Draco cried out in climax. “Oh God,” he whispered, slumping down against Harry. “Oh fuck.”

Tom chuckled. “So, Draco, was this what you had in mind when you asked Potter to join us?”

“Well,” Draco admitted, still catching his breath, “maybe not initially, but… I’d be lying if I said I hadn't been hoping for something like this.”

Tom smiled. “Now, if you two don’t mind, there’s something I need to take care of as well. Unless you’d like to do it for me, Draco?”

Before Draco could reply, Harry blurted out, “I’ll do it”, surprising them all.

Draco frowned. “I thought you said you didn’t have any experience with…”

“I don’t,” Harry said quickly, “but I still want to do this.”

“Why?”

Harry bit his lip. Finally, he said, “Er... I guess I’m just curious.”

Tom laughed. “Curious and hard as hell too, I expect.” He unbuttoned his trousers. “All right, Potter, go right ahead. I’m all yours, but no funny business.”

“No, of course not,” Harry said softly. With slightly trembling hands, he took out Tom’s cock and started to stroke it in the same way he liked to touch his own.

“That’s it, Potter,” Tom said. “Just a little more pressure.”

Harry nodded. He was sure that this was very wrong in many ways, but at the same time, it also felt incredibly wonderful, and oddly enough, what he was presently doing gave him a strange sense of power too. Here he was, reducing Tom Riddle to a moaning, panting, whimpering mess who was practically begging for more. This was definitely a lot more gratifying than fighting with him.

“Yes, Potter, right there,” came another strangled whisper, “and a little harder… fuck, yes, exactly like that… you’re a fast learner… oh…”

And then Tom’s cock was pulsing in Harry’s hand, leaving Harry mesmerised by the sight, and quite desperate for release, himself.

Tom sank back into the pillows, and Draco, who’d been watching them open-mouthed, instantly snapped out of his trance. He grabbed Harry’s arm. “Come on,” he said. “Your turn, Potter.” He gently pushed Harry down onto the bed and carefully unzipped the boy’s trousers.

Harry lay back and took a deep breath. He shivered in anticipation.

Soon, he realised two things.

Firstly, Draco was using his mouth, not his hand, to pleasure him (and Sweet Merlin, did it ever feel amazing), and secondly, Draco was touching himself, too, slowly stroking his own cock that was already rock hard again.

Moaning, Harry reached his hands down and tangled his fingers in Draco’s hair. “So soft,” he whispered. “And what you’re… Oh God... yes, Draco… yes… This feels so bloody good…”

Harry closed his eyes. He threw his head back. He could feel Draco pushing his hips down with his free hand because they were bucking almost uncontrollably as Harry tried to thrust in and out of that warm, wet mouth. The thought of Malfoy wanking drove him wild. He also knew that Riddle was watching them intensely, and probably getting off on this, too.

Harry moaned. “Guh. Faster, Draco, please… faster…”

Draco increased the pressure on Harry’s dick as well as the pace of his movements, and then, without warning, Harry came, letting out a strangled cry and shooting his release down Draco’s throat.

Draco wasn’t far behind. Harry's cock slipped from his mouth as the intensity of his orgasm took him by surprise. His pleasure spent, he collapsed next to Harry, breathing hard.

“I’ll just go and freshen up,” Tom announced. He got up and headed for the bathroom, closing the door behind him.

Grinning, Draco reached for his wand and spelled the mess away. “You know, Harry,” he said, still sounding somewhat breathless, “I was planning to take things a lot slower. What we did just now wasn’t exactly… I mean, things didn’t go too far for you too quickly, did they?”

Harry smiled. “I don’t regret what we just did, if that’s what you mean.”

“Good. Me neither.” Draco ran a hand through Harry’s hair. “It was bloody amazing,” he added softly and sounded almost shy, all of a sudden.

“Yeah.” Harry snuggled closer. “Why did Tom leave?”

“I guess he wanted to give us some time alone to talk, or cuddle.”

“Not the cuddling type himself, is he?” Harry asked. He already knew the answer to that question, of course. After all, he’d seen Draco and Tom together, being surprisingly affectionate with one another. Still, he was compelled to ask.

Draco smiled. “Just give him some time. He’ll come around.”

“Um…” Harry hesitated.

“What? Don’t you want to do this again?” Draco asked, his directness surprising them both.

“Well, yeah. But…”

“But what?”

“I…”

“What, Harry?” Draco kissed him again, slowly and seductively, hoping to get him to talk. He was well aware that this was a form of manipulation in a way, but he didn’t have any qualms. He wanted Harry Potter. He’d wanted him for ages. And he wanted Tom Riddle, too. The best of both worlds. And it might just be possible, if what had just happened here—-between Tom and Harry too—was any sort of indication.

“It’s just… I was hoping I could get to know you a little better, too,” Harry said. “Not only… you know, do… er… physical stuff.”

Draco suppressed a chuckle. “Is that all? Of course you can get to know me a little better. And Tom too, while you’re at it, if you’d like?”

Harry nodded slowly.

“Anyway,” Draco went on, “maybe you should go back to Gryffindor Tower and freshen up for dinner, before rumours start circulating that Tom and I have kidnapped or killed you, or worse ”

Harry grinned. “Yeah, maybe I should.” He gave Draco another quick kiss on the lips. “See you later?”

“Yes, I’m sure you will,” Draco replied with an impossibly smug grin.

Harry got up, and on his way to the door, he almost bumped squarely into Tom, who was just coming out of the bathroom. “Running off already, Potter?” he asked, looking amused. “Without even a goodbye kiss for me? How very disappointing.”

Harry rolled his eyes. He flung his arms around Tom and kissed him softly on the lips. “There,” he said and realised that he really didn’t mind doing that; things were perfectly fine like this.

When Harry returned to the Tower that afternoon, it was with a spring in his step that hadn’t been there in a long time.

At dinnertime, the Great Hall was buzzing with excited chatter about the duel that had never happened and Harry Potter who had willingly surrendered to Draco Malfoy; worse than that, he hadn’t even put up a fight.

Once again, the students as well as certain members of staff found themselves wondering whether Harry was feeling altogether himself.

When Harry finally walked into the room, looking happy and relaxed, all eyes were immediately upon him. Feeling terribly self-conscious all of a sudden, he quickly made his way to the Gryffindor table and sat down. Ron and Hermione smiled at him reassuringly.

He hadn’t told them any details of his time spent with Tom and Draco—-doing so would have been embarrassing and extremely awkward—but he had made it clear that a truce of sorts had been called and that they needn’t worry about any more fights in future.

Harry assumed that Riddle and Draco were kind of his friends now, or at least no longer his enemies after everything they had shared.

He hoped he wasn’t mistaken.

Meanwhile, many students continued to stare. Some of the younger ones even started to point and snigger.

Harry cringed.

Suddenly, Tom rose from his chair and tapped his spoon against his soup dish. “Your attention, please,” he spoke in a loud, authoritative voice. “You may be interested to learn that Draco Malfoy and Harry Potter have decided to settle their differences. Anyone who attempts to rekindle any past hostility between them will be reported to the school authorities for stirring up trouble and potentially endangering the safety of the whole student body. That is all.”

With that, he sat down again.

A deadly silence fell over the Great Hall. Not even Snape or McGonagall uttered a word, and it took a good five minutes before everyone went back to their meal.

“Thanks,” Draco said and placed his hand over Tom’s.

Tom just nodded.

At the Gryffindor table, Harry turned around. He felt very awkward and uncertain about doing so, and hesitated for a full forty-three seconds, but then he gave Tom a grateful smile.

When Tom winked in response, Harry turned away quickly, fervently hoping that no one would notice his furious blush.