Martha looked around the room one last time, saying a wordless goodbye to her family, Jack and the Doctor. Then she was gone. Good girl. She'd used the vortex manipulator on his wrist strap. She was out of the immediate line of fire.

The rest of them stayed where they were, exchanging fearful and confused glances. The Doctor knelt, ancient and broken. The Jones family cowered together in the back of the room. Jack lay where he had fallen. None of them knew what was going to happen next, but one thing was sure. It wasn't going to be good.

And so ended Day 1.
………………………………………………………….

Day 3

Jack stood shackled between two walls, chained in the sweltering, humid cell. It had been two days since the Master had released the Toclafane on the planet below and two days since he'd had relief from the heat and the fatigue. Jack really was ready for a break. Some sort of diversion.

Someone had come twice yesterday to feed him a tasteless gruel and a bottle of warm water. Jack had to remember to complain to the management about the condition of his room and the quality of his food. This just wasn't acceptable. He'd been taken down the first night and expected to sleep on the floor, but they realized right away he didn't sleep. Last night he hadn't been taken down at all.

Martha's mother had come this morning to feed him a thin broth and a small bottle of water. He'd been alone since.

During the long hours, Jack wondered about Martha. Had she made it clear of the destruction? Was she safe down there somewhere? His team. Saxon had said he'd sent them on a wild goose chase to the Himalayas. Had that been truth or a euphemism? Were they safe?

Surely the Doctor would figure a way out of this for them all. He always figured a way out of the worst situations. This wasn't going to be any different; it was just going to take time. Jack was just going to have to keep an eye out for the signal.

Jack closed his eyes in exhaustion and boredom, poking around inside his own head for some sort of distraction. He settled on the sensations around him. When he concentrated, Jack could feel the thrum of the Valiant's engines through the soles of his boots. The feeling traveled up the length of his legs and settled pleasantly in the core of his body. The same vibrations traveled down the chains that secured him to the wall. The heat and humidity were so thick it made breathing slightly difficult. The next time someone walked by, Jack was going to ask them to please turn the thermostat down just a bit.

At least he could still feel. It was a great thing to still be in touch with his senses. As he thought of what might be to come, he doubted his appreciation would last.

………………………………………………………

Day 5

Martha's sister…what was her name? Trish? Tish! That was it, Tish. She'd brought a nasty vegetable mash for his breakfast and a small bottle of water. How Jack had come to crave the twice-a-day human contact. They were sending him pretty women, too. That was great, but it didn't make up for the poor condition of his accommodations. When he got home he was so going to write someone a letter.

Jack had been chained standing for four unbroken days. His body had stopped aching sometime on the second day. The pain had been replaced by an uncomfortable numbness. He needed a shower so badly he could hardly stand to be in his own company. Maybe it was a good thing Jack didn't have a cellmate.

The guards that oversaw his feeding by Tish had fiercely discouraged conversation, but she had managed to tell him that the Doctor was no worse off than he had been. He was still aged and the Master had him sleeping in a tent on the floor of the conference room. Jack wondered what he could do to help them all. This is what he did for people now -- he figured out how he could help them. The guards had shushed Tish before she could tell him if there was any word on his team.

Jack was alone with his own thoughts again. He rattled the chains on his wrists and wondered what his team would think of him now. He was chained and helpless with no clear idea of what to do to fix things. Tosh would stare helplessly at him with her wide and trusting eyes. Owen would scoff and throw snide comments his direction. Gwen would rail at him. Ianto would…Ianto would stand silently at his back, hold his coat out for him and assure his Captain with a silent strength that he would figure something out in time.

Okay, knowing Ianto? He'd insist Jack shower first, save the world later.

Heavy footfalls sounded over the hum of the Valiant's engines and Jack stirred from his reverie. He saw several of the Master's storm troopers stalk down the corridor and it made him curious. Behind them, looking like he was dancing down the hallway was the Master himself, decked out in a tuxedo. The sight was absurd.

The guards held open the chain link gate of his own little cell and the Master danced in to stand before him.

"Jacky-boy!" The Master cried as if Jack was a long lost friend come to visit. "Sorry I've been such a poor host. It's been a busy week." His voice became strangely conversational. "Culling the human herd, taking over the world, you know. You know how it is. Didn't want you to think I'd forgotten you, though. I've blocked out my whole entire afternoon so I could spend it with you. Just you and me, Jacky-boy!"

"No need to go to any effort on my account." Jack matched his tone to the Master's manic one. "If you're busy, I have some things I can do elsewhere. I'll just go now and come back in another couple of centuries," Jack said with a wide smile and a cheeky wink.

"Oh, I wouldn't dream of it, Captain Jack! We're going to get to know one another a little bit better," the Master said as he moved closer to Jack, standing just centimeters away.

"I'm a Taurus, I like poetry and long walks on the beach. There, you know me a little better. I'll be going now." Jack raised one eyebrow and held his hands palm up as if expecting to be unchained.

The Master grasped Jack's chin and squeezed, forcing his lips into a purse. "Oh, that's not the kind of trivial information I want to know," he said, pursing his own lips and leaning closer so that Jack had a brief moment to wonder if he was about to be kissed. "I want to know something more personal. More intimate," the Master said, looking only at Jack's mouth.

"Such as?" Jack asked with feigned casualness.

At a signal Jack didn't see, several guards moved to take hold of him. They unchained him only long enough to remove his shirts, careful never to release him completely. When they re-shackled him he was naked from the waist up. Jack held the Master's gaze steadily and used all of his composure not to show his discomfort. He ignored the streak of self-consciousness that coiled in his gut. Jack had used this tactic to start to break someone down. He could resist this, no problem.

Jack wasn't ready for a knife blade to be drawn across his ribs. He hissed sharply and pulled back reflexively from the pain before he could stop himself. Anxiety spiked through him like a lightening bolt.

"How long does it take you to bleed to death, Jack?" the Master asked, his face alight with his deranged smile.

"It doesn't take me any longer than anyone else." Jack tried to use a light tone.

"But I bet with you I can drag it out, make it last. How long do you think I can make it last, Jack?" the Master asked with quiet glee. "How many shallow cuts can I make in sensitive body parts before you finally expire?"

Jack couldn't muster a smile and that was a skill that didn't usually fail him. He tried not to flinch when he felt the second cut slice along his ribcage on the opposite side. "I'd rather not find out, if it's all the same to you."

The next cut was long but shallow and ran from his right wrist halfway to his elbow. He clenched his jaw and managed not to utter a sound but couldn't stop the flinch of his arm. He could feel the blood running down both sides of his ribcage as if it were rivulets of sweat. Jack turned his head slightly, he could see the blood beginning to run down his wrist and drip to the floor. He didn't like to watch himself bleed. It always meant pain and death.

While Jack was focused on the right wrist, the Master drew his blade sharply along the left. He flinched and hissed this time, pissed off at the sharp pain. He growled deep in his chest as the ache in his wrists grew. Jack kept his jaw clenched and his lips pressed firmly together. Damned if he was going to let his pain show.

Jack rolled his eyes toward the ceiling when the Master unfastened Jack's belt and fly. He wanted his expression to appear disinterested but Jack had a feeling he'd failed. "You're bleeding, Jack," he said, once again centimeters from Jack's face and smiling his deranged smile. "Can't let you get blood on your trousers! They're the only pair you have."

"Then why don't you let me down and stop slicing me up?" Jack felt his trousers pool around his ankles and he felt that much more vulnerable. He kept his eyes on the ceiling as he felt a sharp pain along his inner thigh, followed by warm blood trickling down toward his knee. The loud groan slipped between his lips before he could stop it.

"Are you keeping count, Jack?" the Master asked, his smile gone but the evil glint in his eyes was still present.

"No," Jack bit out. He realized the Master was escalating the game.

The Master sliced through Jack's other thigh. "Six, Jack. That makes six."

Jack held the Master's gaze and pretended he wasn't trembling.

"Say it, Jack," the Master demanded.

Jack was determined to deny the Master his submission but he gave up when the nails of one of the Master's hands grasped his wrist and dug roughly into the wound there.

Jack said grudgingly, through clenched teeth, "Six."

The Master roughly grasped Jack's jaw and placed a hard kiss on his lips. Their lips were sill pressed together when Jack felt the knife being drawn across his chest, just above his nipple. The Master drank in the groan of pain Jack couldn't stifle.

The Master pulled his mouth from Jack's and slid the knife across the other side of his chest. Jack growled. "How many, Jack?"

"Eight!" he whispered grudgingly.

"That's right!" The Master stood back to admire his handiwork and Jack watched in sick fascination as he raised a hand to smear blood along the knife blade. "So symmetrical. So beautiful in your symmetry, Jack," the Time Lord breathed admiringly.

The Master stepped forward again and circled around behind Jack. "You there!" Jack heard him say and assumed he had spoken to one of the guards. "He's about to bleed on his trousers, get all of his clothes out of there."

Jack's boots were removed along with the remainder of his clothing, and in just a few moments he stood completely naked. All the others in his cell were still fully dressed and Jack had never felt so exposed. It frustrated him that he had no control over his situation.

The Master grabbed Jack's arse cheek. "Nice!" he heard the Master breathe just over his shoulder. "Shapely and firm!"

"That describes most everything about me," Jack quipped. Humor usually masked fear and pain.

The Master's answer was to draw the blade deeply along the arse cheek. Jack rocked forward away from the sharp pain. No sooner had he resumed his original hanging position than the Master sliced through his other buttock. "Fuck!" Jack barked, frustrated to have given the Master even that much of a reaction.

"Not today I think, Jacky-boy!" The Master said as he rested his chin on Jack's shoulder. "I'm rather enjoying bleeding you slowly." He put actions to words and drew his blade across one of Jack's thick back muscles.

Jack twisted in his chains. He had to avoid the pain. "Goddamnit!" he swore loudly.

"Not quite, Jack! But close!" The blade sliced through the other thick muscle of Jack's back. "Say my name, Captain!"

"Fuck you!" Jack battled his restraints and the Master's attempt to control his emotions, his reactions.

"I said not today!" the Master shouted, slicing deeply through the muscle on the back of Jack's arm.

Jack cried in pain even though he desperately didn't want to.

"Say my name!" Pain ripped through Jack's scalp when the Master grasped his hair and yanked his head back.

Jack felt the Master slice through his other arm with one clean, searing motion. He yelled loudly again and continued to thrash in his chains. The Master could have his cries but Jack would not speak the name.

Jack sensed the Master's growing frustration at his defiance and he wondered how far he could push this. He stepped around Jack's body so they were again face–to-face. "Say my name," the Master whispered against Jack's parted lips. "And I'll kill you quickly."

Jack made no reply but continued to hold the Master's gaze with heavy lidded eyes. Relief washed through him for a brief moment. Control and an end to his torment were within his reach. Jack was tempted to give in and say it. It was such an easy thing to do, just say what the Master wanted him to say. A wave of nausea overtook him and his resolve faltered.

Jack watched warily as the Master leaned in close, until he felt the Time Lord's breath as it chased along his cheek. The point of the knife pressed into the skin of his throat just below his jaw and Jack swallowed reflexively. The Master's lips brushed along the shell of his ear, "Just think, Captain. You and I have forever to play our little games. There is no limit to the things I can do to you. No limit to the number of times we can play." Anguish rushed through Jack because the Master could do this -- over and over again.

Jack felt the blade slide through the skin of his neck. He was at war with himself, conflicted by his desire to just give the Master what he was demanding and by his need to stay strong and resist. Jack squeezed his eyes closed and clenched his teeth. He felt his breath move in and out harshly. The Master continued to slide the point of the knife toward Jack's collarbone. He felt his skin slowly parting under the blade's progress, blood trickling freely from the ever-growing wound. The pain pushed him closer to giving in.

The Master pressed his hot mouth to Jack's lips and lingered. He felt the Time Lord's tongue sweep along his lower lip and disgust rocketed through him. When the Time Lord pulled back, Jack wished he could wipe his mouth. "You are so beautiful covered in your own blood. Do you know that, Jack?" The knife continued its slow, tortuous descent toward his chest, the cut became deeper as it progressed. "I can stop the pain, Captain. All you have to do is say my name."

Jack clung desperately to his defiance. He felt the knife leave his neck, only to be placed on the other side of his throat. The slow movement started again and his skin was sliced open once again. He could handle the pain. He was sure he could. "I love the sight of your body streaked with blood, Jack. Let me hear you say my name in that low, husky voice of yours and I can make the pain stop."

Jack continued to clench his teeth tightly and waited to bleed out. He was a victim of his own pride as well as the Master's machinations. His stubborn pride kept him denying the truth of his hopeless situation.

Jack danced away from the sudden pain when The Master plunged the blade point deep into his side. He was so surprised that his eyes widened in shock.

"Who am I, Captain?" the Master spit in his face, eyes ablaze with his insanity.

"You're the crazy fucker who has to stick a knife in me cause he's too afraid to show me his tiny dick!" Jack gasped, but he knew his voice sounded too weak to be threatening. "Hurting me won't change the fact you ran from the Dalek Emperor."

Jack knew he'd gone too far when the Master's mouth twisted in fury and he plunged the knife into his other side. This time the Master gave it a twist before pulling it free with a strangled cry.

Jack regretted his insolence and gave an inarticulate yell. He nearly collapsed with blood loss and fear.

"Say my name!" the Master shouted in Jack's face as he reached around and sank the knife into his back, piercing a kidney.

Jack screamed and it sounded desperate to his own ears. This time his knees gave way completely. Calling the Master out on his cowardice at the Cruciform had unleashed a dragon.

The Master wrapped his arms around Jack's chest and gave comfort that Jack was sure was insincere. The Master patted the top of his head and placed a deceptively tender kiss on his cheek. "Say my name, Jack." He felt the Master's lips against his ear.

"Why?" Jack gasped, his vision grayed around the edges. "You're going to kill me anyway." He was disgusted by the intimacy of the Master's touch.

"We could drag this out for hours or you could say my name and I'll drive the knife right into your heart and it will all be over," the Master whispered against Jack's sweaty temple.

"It'll end the same either way, so go fuck yourself." Jack sensed movement from the Master so he was ready when the knife was plunged into the other side of his back and sliced through his second kidney. His blood flowed freely, the iron smell sharp in his nose and mouth.

Jack hung heavily between his restraints. He'd lost too much blood to remain standing. He almost couldn't feel the strain in his shoulders over the burning pain of all his knife wounds.

"How many times have I cut you?" the Master yelled into Jack's face.

"Eighteen," Jack whispered.

"Who has cut you eighteen times?" the Master asked in a singsong voice.

"Some needle dick fucker who can't meet me in a fair fight." Jack struggled to make his voice audible. He was rewarded with the searing pain of the Master's knife dragging up his groin, just beside his now-shriveled penis. There was little more the Time Lord could do to make Jack's suffering worse, so he refused to pull his punches.

"I'm offering kindness if you'll just do me one small favor and yet, you still resist."

"Bastard," Jack said, barely conscious now. He hardly felt the knife cut along his groin. He wasn't going to break, no matter how scared he felt, no matter how much pain the Master inflicted.

"No," the Master said softly, "not even close."

"Doesn't matter." Jack's speech was slurred. "Dying."

The last thing Jack heard the Master say was, "You don't get to die, Jack Harkness!" I get to kill you." He sank his blade through Jack's sternum and right into his heart, temporarily ending the torment.

………………………………………………………

Day 6

Jack awoke to Martha's mother, Francine, kneeling over him. He lay where he had fallen when he'd been unchained and his dead body had fallen to the floor, naked and bloody. Francine knelt beside him, a bowl of warm water beside her as she cleaned away the dried blood from his body. He lifted his head and saw that his clothes lay in a heap next to her. Ianto would have been disgusted at the sight. The thought brought a small smile to Jack's lips.

"Stay still, Captain." Francine continued to run the wet cloth over the streaks of dried blood that covered his still-naked body. "I only have a little time to get you cleaned up and dressed."

"Thank you, Francine," Jack said, sitting up to give her better access to the rest of his body. She had nice hands. She was firm but gentle and his heart warmed at the kind human contact.

Martha's mother kept her eyes discretely averted from his more intimate parts as she efficiently cleaned him up. Just like a mom. Jack allowed himself another small smile and was grateful he could find any good thoughts at all.

"I thought you were dead when he first sent me to you," Francine said.

"I was." Jack couldn't meet her eyes. He feared he'd see the accusation of 'freak' there.

"I was afraid you were going to say that," she replied. "I guess nothing should surprise me anymore."

Jack stood as he returned more to himself. Francine gave him her back while he dressed.

"I have to tell the guards you're awake, so they can chain you again," she said regretfully.

"I understand," he said. "You do what you have to do. Don't give him a reason to hurt you." She was such a kind woman, and Jack would feel awful if anything happened to her because of him.

Without looking back, Francine left his cage and the guards took this as their cue to enter and secure Jack to the walls.

………………………………………………………………………..

Day 8

Jack wasn't sure how long it had been since Tish had been in with his morning meal. He wished he got three meals a day just so he could have more human contact. He dozed on his feet and tried to pretend the heat and humidity weren't laying on him like a heavy blanket. Jack's joints ached.

He lifted his head and cracked an eye at the sound of his cell door opening. Jack was consumed by dread as a group of guards entered and crossed toward him.

One of the guards handed his weapon to a compatriot and began to unbutton Jack's shirt.

"All you had to do was ask," Jack quipped. "I don't usually need dinner before a shag but a drink would at least be polite, don't you think?

The guard's face remained impassive. Jack felt a cold metal band secured around his bicep just above his elbow. He was decidedly uncomfortable as he was pushed around. In Jack's experience, this type of thing always ended with him helplessly screaming and writhing in pain while someone else happily looked on.

When Jack was again naked from the waist up, a second cuff was locked around his other arm. "Bondage, gentlemen? I really should at least get a decent meal out of this."

One of the guards behind him roughly pulled Jack's elbows backward as far they would go and secured the two metal bands together. The new, extreme position strained his already protesting shoulder joints. Jack felt the first stirrings of vulnerability as his naked chest was thrust forward to accommodate the position of his arms.

The guard in front of him unfastened Jack's trousers and pushed them down over his hips. "Like what you see, boys?" Jack directed the question to everyone in the room. He got no response, but he hadn't expected one. Jack's attempts at humor were for his own benefit.

Before Jack could think of another quip, a rag was shoved into his mouth, secured by a strip of duct tape. A black hood was shoved over his head, blocking out all light and muffling sound. Jack was forced to his knees. He heard the guards move around and the sound of chains before something was secured to the cuffs and his elbows were drawn up painfully toward the ceiling. Jack groaned at the pain and recognized the classic stress position. He was relieved that his gag muffled his groan. He heard the guards depart, leaving Jack feeling exposed and vulnerable.

Time passed. Jack heard people walking by. He knew full well they had a clear view of his exposed position as they came and went. Jack usually liked being the center of attention, but this time he had no choice in the matter or the circumstances. Each time he tried to relax he would begin to tilt forward, adding to the strain on his shoulders.

Jack heard the cell door open. A chill ran down his spine when he heard the Master's voice. "Oh, aren't you just beautiful! You should see yourself, Captain. Maybe I'll take pictures to show you yourself when you come back to life this time."

Jack shuddered at the thought of what he looked like and what the Master had planned for him this go-round. He heard the demented man's steps as he moved around Jack's naked form. "You are such a lovely plaything, Jack. So delightful."

Jack heard the sizzle of skin before he felt the sharp pain on his chest just above his nipple. The rag in his mouth muffled his surprised shout. Jack tried to move away from the source of his pain but he was hindered by his restraints. His hood didn't block the scent of burning tobacco and scorched flesh and Jack's stomach turned. Regretful memories of the times he had done this very thing to others added to his own torment.

"How long does it take you to heal, Jack?" the Master asked, almost conversationally. "Oh! That's right. I ordered you gagged. Maybe that was a bad idea. I do so love the look of your mouth. Such a sweet taste, too."

Jack was grateful his position masked the shiver of revulsion that passed through his body at the intimate tone in the Master's voice.

The smell of his own flesh burning assailed his nostrils, and Jack unwillingly thrashed against his chains. There was nothing for it but to endure. His own helplessness frustrated him. He was angry with himself for letting the Master get him into this position. He was angry that he was so fucking helpless to stop him.

"Oh, Jack! You really should see how beautifully the muscles of your stomach clench and ripple with the pain," the Master crowed. "You are beautiful. Truly beautiful."

Again he felt the cigarette pressed to the sensitive flesh of his belly and he growled into his gag. Jack had no time to recover before he felt the scorch of the butt higher up on his ribs.

"No sign of healing yet, Captain! How disappointing," the Master pressed the burning butt to Jack's chest again. "If you don't heal properly, this isn't going to be nearly as fun." Jack heard the Time Lord sigh.

The sound of feet moving toward the cell door gave Jack hope that his torture was over. He couldn't believe it could be this easy, though. "I'll just give you some time to heal yourself up, Captain. I'll be back later to take up where we left off. Ta for now!"

Jack's relief was short-lived as he realized the Time Lord was going to drag this out for a long time. That's what he would have done as well. Jack relaxed into his restraints. There was no way out of this for him. He was going to suffer the Master's cruelty as often as the Time Lord wanted, and there was no one to help him. Footfalls came and went outside of his cell, but no one came to help Jack. No one was there to cut him down, to touch him, or to talk to him. He was going to suffer alone.

Jack's thoughts wandered back to those he had treated in this manner, once upon a time. Not that there was much difference, no real excuse, but at least his victims had been able to stop the torture by giving over the information he'd been after. Jack knew the Master wanted nothing from him but his suffering.

Jack had no idea how much time had passed when he heard the cell door open again. He was strangely relieved that he wasn't alone any longer.

"Look at you, Jack! No sign of any healing. I'm disappointed. You really should be careful in the future not to disappoint me like this."

The pain was sharp and immediate on Jack's inner thigh. The pain of the cigarette burn was bad enough on the other parts of his body, it was much more excruciating on the tender skin of his bare thigh. "Your thighs quiver as beautifully as your belly does. You've actually got fairly decent muscle tone, Captain. You are probably my sexiest captive ever."

Jack was ready for any touch to be painful, so he flinched when the Master's hand slid softly over his cock as it hung limply between his legs. He silently berated himself for being so easily manipulated. Jack hated the Master's intimate touch as much as he hated the pain of the burns. The touch on his cock was by no means arousing. There was no safe word to utter. The first rule had been broken long ago and blood had been drawn without his consent. No, nothing arousing about this at all.

"Time for my coffee break!" Jack heard Master move toward the door. "I'll be back in a bit for some more fun."

Jack was alone again with his thoughts. He knew he had to hang on. He knew he had to believe in the Doctor and in Martha. They hadn't even been able to make an escape attempt yet. He had to hang on.

In counterpoint to the stifling humidity of his cell, he took himself back to Cardiff in his mind. Cold and perpetually wet Cardiff, Wales.

The cold breeze blew in off the bay. The gentle mist of water droplets from the tower showered Jack as he stood on the invisible lift. Rain. Rain ran down the collar of his coat and saturated his shirt.

Soft, gentle hands adjusted his coat to inhibit the water. The shoulders of his beloved greatcoat were adjusted for him, allowing it to settle more snugly around him. The same gentle hands brushed droplets from his hair in an affectionate if useless gesture.

Ianto. Cool blue eyes. Smooth, pale skin.

The young man certainly wouldn't admire his Captain now, would he?

Jack was jolted back to reality by the sudden removal of the hood. He blinked painfully at the glare of the lights. The return of his sight weakened him with relief. He'd been so deep in his own thoughts that he hadn't heard the Master enter, but his relief was short-lived. It was immediately replaced by a sense of dread at what the Master had planned for him. The tape was ripped painfully from his mouth and the rag removed. Jack's mouth was dry as cotton and he was shocked to feel a bottle of cool water placed to his lips, an unexpected kindness. He drank greedily as the Master stared down at him. Jack wondered if the kindness had a price.

"I'd be willing to let you down, Captain. You still owe me a favor, though," the Master said smugly as he strolled lazily around Jack's suspended body.

Jack stared at a spot on the floor in front of him rather than answer. A harsh slap to his face had him glowering at the Time Lord. He saw the second blow coming but was powerless to avoid it. His head snapped to the side and the jolt shot pain through his entire body.

"Come on, Jacky-boy! Say what I want to hear and I'll take you down out of your shackles. You can even have a good meal and all the water you can drink." The Master crouched before Jack and stroked gentle fingers along his face. "Just one word, Jack. Two easy syllables."

Jack stared back at the Master but refused to speak a single word. He saw only evil in the Time Lord's eyes and Jack knew his pride was getting him in deeper.

The Master took Jack's face between both of his hands and tilted it up. The first press of lips was soft and almost pleasant. The sweep of the Master's warm tongue along his lower lip was pleasurable. Then Jack gave himself a mental kick for turning to the Master for anything that resembled pleasure or comfort. Instead, he reminded himself of several heated encounters he'd had with Ianto. His own actions had mirrored those of the Master as he'd grasped Ianto's face and raised it up to accept his own kiss. Jack's motivations had been worlds apart from the Master's, and Ianto's reactions had been a world apart from his own.

Jack forced his body to go limp as he felt the Master's tongue pass his lips and seek the taste of his mouth. He was prepared to endure pain and humiliation but he didn't know what to do about this sense of violation. In that moment, Jack learned it was possible to feel even dirtier.

"See how kind I can be to you, Jack?" the Master whispered against his lips. "Just say it and I'll be nothing but kind to you."

Jack looked the demented Time Lord in the eye, stiffened his spine, and said one word. "No."

Enraged, the Master stood and stalked around behind Jack. He had no time to react as the Time Lord placed his foot on Jack's back and pushed.

Jack screamed in agony and anger. His cries echoed off the corridor walls of the Valiant and he heard them as though they belonged to someone else. The pain in his shoulders rocketed through his entire body and he felt a rising tide of nausea. Jack sobbed once as he slipped into the blessed oblivion of unconsciousness.

……………………………………………………….

Rose's delighted girlish laughter at something the Doctor said echoed off the walls of the TARDIS. The Time Lord himself smirked. Jack laughed in delight at the happy tableau before him. He didn't need to know what it was they found so funny.

The inside of the TARDIS bled away to become the inside of the Hub. Gwen and Owen laughed hysterically at one of their own jokes that no one else was privy to. Jack watched from his desk as Tosh and Ianto exchanged a look and small smiles of their own as they indulged their more gregarious teammates. Ianto moved toward the stairs to the catwalk and only Jack saw the shuttered look the younger man threw his way before he mounted the steps. Jack watched him all the way around the upper level until he was out of sight.

……………………………………………………….

Jack was confused when he returned to consciousness. There was an unbearable pain in his shoulders, but he usually awoke fully healed. He took in his surroundings and realized his restrained position had held his shoulders out of joint and unable to heal. Jack groaned loudly and searched desperately for a way to ease his pain.

He didn't have much time to consider before the Master and a guard entered his cell. Jack was suddenly too exhausted to feel fear any longer. The only thing he felt now was resignation. He was resigned to his miserable fate.

The guard stepped around Jack as the Master stood before him smiling widely. Jack's arms were unexpectedly released from the ceiling. He was completely unprepared for the drop of his abused shoulders and he pitched forward to be caught up against the Master's chest. Jack's screams of agony were muffled in the Master's shirt as he held Jack to him like he would a frightened child. But Jack took no comfort from the touch of his tormentor.

"You are one very tough cookie, Jack Harkness," the Master cooed against his ear. "You have a choice to make." His voice took on a harder edge.

Jack's elbows were suddenly released from their shackles, the movement tearing another round of screams from his burning throat. He was oblivious to his own nudity and the Master's proximity; Jack was focused solely on enduring the pain in his shoulders.

"Pay close attention to me, Jack," the Master was saying. "Give me what I want now and I'll go easy on you from here on out."

Jack made no reply, as he lay against his torturer, cradled like a lover and unable to move away.

"If you continue to resist me, I'm going to have to continue thinking up fun games for us to play and I assure you, Captain, things will continue to get worse for you."

Jack closed his eyes against the thought. His thoughts raced back to the dream he'd had not long ago and knew what his team expected of him. Jack had to lead by example. He had to stay strong.

"So, say my name and let's be done with all this nonsense."

"Never," Jack vowed in a whisper against the Master's chest. He was pressed so closely to his tormentor's body that he caught the Time Lord's scent and the warmth of his body through his shirt. Jack struggled to not be overwhelmed by his senses and allow himself to receive comfort from the enemy.

The Master sighed heavily in disappointment. "You can't say I didn't warn you."

Jack was in so much pain already he hardly noticed the blade that was shoved deeply between his ribs and through to his heart.

………………………………………………………………

Jack was sure he was being dragged across broken glass as breath returned to his lungs with a harsh gasp. He'd been dragged across broken glass so he knew what it felt like. He flexed experimentally and found he was healed. God! How he hated those sensations. It never changed. Coming back from death always hurt like hell.

"Are you okay, Captain?" A soft feminine voice spoke above him.

Jack looked up into the pain-filled eyes of Tish Jones as she knelt beside him and wiped away the blood left from the killing blow of the knife between his ribs. "I'm fine, Tish. I'm fine," he reassured the young woman. "Thank you."

"You have to get dressed. They're going to be here any moment to chain you again," she said apologetically.

Jack looked over at the pile of filthy clothes. He really didn't want to put them back on, but the alternative held even less appeal. "It's okay, Tish. I expected as much. Thanks for your help."

"I think I'll get to come back soon with your evening meal," she said, gathering up her things to move toward the cell door.

Jack looked up and gave her a reassuring wink. "It's a date!"

……………………………………………………………..

Day 13

When Jack had dressed himself after the Master's last visit, he'd forgone his braces and hadn't bothered to fasten up his shirt again. The Master had promised return visits of increasing misery, so why bother, really?

Tish and Francine took turns bringing him meals, such as they were. They did their best to slip him information. They let him know that the Doctor's status remained unchanged. Rumors were circulating already about Martha's movements, but nothing was confirmed. No one had heard anything about his team, and Jack wasn't sure what to make of that. Mostly though, they brought him human contact and brief moments of companionship that he looked forward to.

The worst bit of intelligence they fed him was the progress of the Master's sick plan to dominate, control, and destroy the planet and all its inhabitants. The best bit of information they could pass to him was that the Master was deeply involved in the goings on with the planet, or the Toclafane, and most likely had forgotten about Jack for the time being.

In dark moments when Jack had been alone for long hours, he wondered idly who else might have forgotten about him. The lack of information about Martha and his team was matched only by lack of word from the Doctor. Jack desperately needed to know what the Doctor's plan was to stop the Master. He needed something constructive to focus on, he needed something to plan. Jack had a sinking feeling that he might have been forgotten again. He couldn't help but fear the Doctor was formulating a plan for escape and wasn't feeding word of it to Jack. He didn't fancy being left behind yet again.

Jack gave himself a mental shake and wiped those thoughts from his mind. He couldn't let himself think that way or he'd be lost.

Francine came to him this particular morning and her expression was dark. Jack feared the worst and it turned out he was right. The Master was edgy this morning. The events on the planet's surface weren't holding his attention and the Doctor was too passive to suit his fellow Time Lord's passions. Jack was most likely going to suffer a visit.

He thanked Francine and gave her a smile and a wink to try to ease the burden she must have felt at bringing him the news. There was no one to ease Jack's burden of the Master's impending visit.

…………………………………………………………..

Jack couldn't relax. He couldn't retreat into one of his semi-alert states. He couldn't find his way into the depths of his own mind like he had been for the past several days. His memories had been acting as his comfort and his refuge, but today, knowing the Master was most likely going to pay him a visit, nothing seemed to offer an escape.

Jack was fully aware when the Master bounced into his cell, accompanied by his usual contingent of guards. Under any other circumstances and perhaps a more sane look in his eyes, he could have been one of Jack's mates come to share a pint.

"Jack!" the Master cried with a wide smile, coming to stand before him. "It's been so long. Have you missed me?"

"Did you go somewhere?" Jack asked with the same vein of sarcasm.

"We're going to have a great time today, Captain. Simply a delightful time." The Master clapped his hands together with glee.

Per usual, the set of guards surrounded Jack and he felt himself unchained and undressed. "We really have to quit meeting this way, fellas! You know all about me but I know nothing at all about any of you."

Jack was shackled hand and foot this time. His feet were spread and his arms were extended and secured to the ceiling. He was stretched up tightly. Once again his naked body was at the mercy of the Master's view and whims.

A knife. It occurred to Jack that this knife was a terribly archaic weapon for a Time Lord. Then again, perhaps that was the point. It was a very old way of killing and it required a certain amount of physical strength, proximity, and intimacy. Jack had once been feared for his skill with the close-up kill.

The Master wielded the knife, and Jack's tricep burned as the Time Lord drew the point of the blade from his elbow to his shoulder. He forced back a reaction to the searing pain. He stared straight ahead and pretended not to be bothered by the pain as the Master sliced through the skin around his entire arm. A second matching one was cut just above his shoulder. Jack watched from the corner of his eye as the Master stood back to admire his handiwork. Jack's heart was in his throat as the Time Lord smiled at him and ran a finger through the blood streaming along the his skin. "You bleed beautifully," the Master said softly, staring at Jack's blood on his fingers almost reverently. The arousal he saw in the Master's eyes sickened Jack. He kept his eyes averted when the Master licked Jack's blood from his fingers, his obvious enjoyment sickening.

The skin of Jack's arm was flayed from his body. He groaned harshly once again but couldn't evade his tormentor.

"You know what they say about beauty only being skin deep, Jack?" the Master taunted him. "Time to see just how deep your beauty is."

Jack gasped when the knife was drawn down his ribcage. "Fuck!" He shouted when the blade cut through the flesh securing his skin to his body. Pain seared through the flesh of his side. Over and over the Master sliced through Jack's flesh and pulled back the skin as he went. Jack felt himself flayed along his back toward his spine. "Jesus…fuck…." He shouted again as he felt the flap of skin cut away from his body.

His back burned and blood ran down along his skin. Even Jack wouldn't do this to another person.

"Oh, well would you look at that!" The Master enthused. "It looks like even your beauty runs only skin deep, Captain."

"Oh, admit it! You still think I'm cute!" Jack bit out and struggled in his bonds. He fell back on his humor to try easing his own fear and pain.

"Have you forgotten our agreement, Jack?" the Master grasped Jack's face and forced him to meet his eyes. "It only takes one word. One specific word to make me stop."

"Yeah, yeah." Jack chided breathlessly. "Cause you're so fucking trustworthy."

"You wound me!" the Master scoffed. He reached up with the knife and drew it down Jack's uninjured tricep.

Jack sucked his breath in through his teeth. The Master was adept with the knife and in mere seconds, Jack's arm was sliced in the same manner as his first. He started to bury his forehead against his other arm but stopped himself in horror when he saw the raw and bloody flesh. This arm was already missing its skin.

Jack felt the Master deftly move the blade around until the skin of his arm came free. Both of his arms were on fire. He refused to look at himself. Surely if he didn't look, couldn't see what was being done to him that meant it really wasn't happening.

"What's my name, Jack?" the Master asked angrily as he stood in front of him licking Jack's blood from the blade.

"No!" Jack hissed and pressed his lips together tightly.

The Master dragged the knife along Jack's lower belly, just above his groin from hip to hip. He forced himself to look up at the ceiling and bite down on his lips so he didn't have to watch the Time Lord cut away the skin of his belly.

Jack was sick with pain and blood loss. His knees were weak but he refused to let the Master see that weakness. Pride fueled stubbornness ruled Jack now. The blood from the flaying of his stomach coursed down his genitals and thighs.

"Jack?" the Master asked lightly.

"No."

The Master stepped around and slit through Jack's ribs. He couldn't hold back his scream at the feeling of his back skin being pulled away from his body.

Jack gave into the wave of weakness and let his knees buckle. He found that place deep inside himself that he went to during the worst of times. He began to wonder how Owen would deal with these wounds if he'd had to.

Dr. Owen Harper, Torchwood Medical Officer. Owen, who hid behind snide comments and his biting wit in an effort to hide the frightened boy that lived at his core. Owen, who pretended to despise treating patients all the while he fought with every fiber of his being to keep those in his care alive and healthy. Owen, who lost himself in the bodies of strange men and women because he didn't think he was worthy of being loved. Owen, who always came through with a bloody brilliant idea in the eleventh hour and saved lives and often the world. Broken hearted Owen who had led the mutiny against Jack to foolishly open the rift. Contrite Owen who had cried in his arms when he heard Jack forgive him.

He dreamed of what it would be like to have Owen's hands gently treating his damaged body. The soothing compounds Owen would place on his wounds and the delightful drugs he'd pump into Jack to ease the pain and induce sleep. What he wouldn't give for Owen's gentle touch and rough demeanor.

Jack was dragged back into reality when a hand gripped his hair and yanked his head backward straining his neck.

"Where do you go, Jack?" the Master yelled against his ear. "Where do you go when you try to avoid me?"

Jack refused to answer. He closed his eyes and tried to return to that place where Owen could ease his pain.

"Captain, I asked you a question!" The Master demanded his attention back again. "Where do you go that you can escape me?"

"You wouldn't understand," Jack choked out. The Master knew about his team, knew they existed. To admit whom he dreamed of in order to survive would arm the Time Lord with dangerous knowledge. It would doom his team if ever the Master got his hands on one of them.

"I'm going to have to work a little harder to make it more difficult for you to get there," the Master sighed.

He made good on his threat and carved a large hunk of skin from one of Jack's buttocks. Jack cried out in response to let the Master know he was in the moment, that he was paying attention. The knife sliced through his other buttock and left the muscle raw and bare. Blood ran down Jack's body as pain coursed through him. He could smell his own fear and his own blood and it served to add to his torment.

Jack writhed in pain and pulled against his restraints as the Master knelt to flay first one thigh and then the other. He caught sight of his own form in between tortured, inarticulate screams and was disgusted by what he saw. Some part of him was also amazed that he could survive this level of violence.

Jack's body and soul were raw. His skin had been removed from all the parts of his body except his penis. His blood coursed down the entire length of him. Jack knew he resembled something he and his team had seen at Brecon Beacons and it horrified him. He had been disfigured, as if the pain wasn't enough of a torture.

"I was wrong, Jack," the Master said as he stood before him again. "You are beautiful beyond your skin. You are gorgeous without your skin. It turns me on to see you bleed from my handiwork. What do you think of that, Jack?" the Master asked against Jack's lips, hand fondling his shriveled cock.

"Fuck you," Jack whispered. He was weak from blood loss and his words lacked any power, but he spit them out defiantly anyway. Any strength that might have found their way to his words was negated by the niggling sense of shame at his own damn helplessness.

"I think we'll save that for next time." The Master said quietly and Jack's fear swelled. He felt the deranged Time Lord pulling on his unresponsive penis and Jack shivered in disgust. "For now, though I just want to get myself off as I watch you hang from your shackles and suffer," the Master finished.

Jack watched the Master take himself out of his trousers and begin to pull. The Time Lord was aroused by his blood and pain, and Jack was frightened beyond words at the combined implication of that fact and the Master's words. There was something about him that aroused the Master in the sickest way possible and Jack was ashamed. He had brought this down on himself.

"I'm going to come just at the sight of you bleeding all over the floor, Jack. If you say my name and make me come right away, I'll go easier on you when next we meet."

Jack closed his eyes and sank into his bonds. He wanted the pain now. He wanted the pain in his arms and his skinless body to plunge him into the relief of dark nothingness. He heard the Master's heavy breathing as he stroked himself. Jack kept his eyes shut and just tried to wait until the entire ordeal was over. In front of him, the Master moaned and whispered dirty things that turned Jack's stomach as they all had to do with how excited he was by the sight of Jack's skinless, naked form.

Relief washed through Jack so strong he nearly cried as he heard the Master come into his own fist. It would be over soon.

"Next time, Jack," The Master whispered, a hair's breadth from Jack's lips. "You won't be given an opportunity to avoid me."

Jack never thought he'd ever be so happy to feel his throat being cut.