His fangs pierced through my neck and I retaliated by doing the first thing that came to mind. I bit him back. I latched onto his shoulder and bit down as hard as I could. I felt some of his blood ooze into my mouth.

He tore away from my neck as soon as he felt my teeth sink into his skin and I took some of his blood into my mouth. "Spit it out," he ordered, freeing my hands and stepping away from me.

He didn't have to tell me twice. I spit it out and then ran past him. I ran behind the bar, grabbed a glass, filled it with water, took a sip, swooshed it around my mouth and then spit it out. I repeated the process a couple of times the taste of his blood was out of my mouth all together. I didn't want to risk swallowing even the slightest bit of his blood. I already knew what the consequences of doing that were.

"Oh my god! Selena. Are you okay?" Sookie asked, frantically running up to me.

I nodded, "I'm fine."

"You're not fine! You've got blood flowing from your neck like a waterfall," she pointed out.

Placing my hand on my neck, I felt my hand grow wet. Taking my hand away I saw that it was indeed soaked in my blood. "So it is," I said, shrugging it off.

"So?" she asked.

"Don't worry about it, Sook…I'm fine…I'll be fine." I walked back around the bar and over to a still pissed off Eric. "Now that we're on somewhat of the same page…are you going to let him go? Or not?"

"Pam, retrieve him," Eric ordered, nodding his head toward the hall that led down stairs.

"Yes, master," she said retreating to the basement.

It was my turn to use his trademark smirk, "See, now was that so hard to do?"

--------

Once we had dropped Lafayette off, much to both Sookie and I's dismay, Sookie jumped on my case. She insisted that she drive since I was still bleeding like a stuck pig. Excuse my use of similes, but it's true. Getting tired of her constant nagging I switched seats with her before leaving Lafayette's and let her drive.

Allowing her to drive turned out to not help me, but instead it only made matters worse. Now Sookie was insisting that I allow her to take me to the hospital. Since I was bleeding still and had refused to let Eric seal up my wound, she decided that maybe the doctors could.

All the way home she tried to talk me into letting her take me, but I refused to let her make me cave on this one. I told her that the doctors would be no help at all. They would have absolutely no idea how to deal with a vampire bite as bad as the one that I had on me.

By time we arrived at the house I felt myself getting weaker and weaker. Loss of blood surely wasn't working well for me. But, I still managed to hide my weakness fairly well from Sookie.

"I'm going for a walk," I informed her as we got out of my car.

"What? No, you're not! You need to get cleaned up and apply pressure to that wound and stop it from bleeding before you die from blood loss," Sookie ordered.

I let out a weak laugh. "I'll be fine, mother," I said sarcastically. "I'm fine! I'll be fine! Don't worry! I'll be back in less than an hour," I assured her, walking off, not allowing her to get another word in.

"SELENA!" she called after me.

I continued walking.

"Ugh!" she sighed, frustrated. I heard her run up the front porch steps and into the house. I figured that she was going to go call Bill. As if he could do anything. I was sure, though, that Bill, Jessica, and Sookie would all be waiting on the porch for me when I returned.

I walked through town for about 10 or so minutes before I was finally so weak that I felt faint. Luckily, for me a man walked by me just as I was about to go down. Unexpectedly, my fangs popped out and blood lust took over. I pounced on the man, clamp-ing my hand over his mouth and bit down hard, breaking his skin easily. His blood oozed into my mouth and I drank and drank until I felt that my bite wound was fully healed.

Standing up, my fangs retracted as if on queue, I looked down at the guy that I had just drank from and guilt overcame me.

"What if he has a wife? Kids? Oh, no! I can't believe I just did that!" I thought to myself, licking his blood off of my lips.

I knelt down next to him and placed my hand over the bite mark that I had left on him. Concentrating hard a bright white light protruded from my hands and slowly healed the guy's wound.

Once I knew for a fact that he was fully healed, I ran. Everything would surely go to hell in a hand basket if the guy saw my face.

Sure enough as I had expected they would when I arrived home Sookie, Bill, and Jessica were sitting on the front porch. I couldn't help, but laugh quietly to myself. Whenever the going gets rough around Sookie, expect her to call Bill.

I smiled, cheerfully, making my way up the porch steps, "Bill! Jessica! How are you two on this amazing night?"

All of them looked at me confused. I'm assuming that Sookie had at least briefed them on the events that had transpired earlier tonight. I waited for one of them to ask about my sudden cheerful mood, but the question never came.

Instead Bill and Jessica both smile back. "We're great," they answered at the same time.

Sookie jumped off of the porch swing and made her way over to me. Her eyes widened as they stopped on my neck. Dazed and confused she asked, "What happened to the fang marks?"

I played dumb, "What are you talking about? They're there."

"No, they're not. Bill, come here!" she exclaimed, waving him over.

He stood up and came over at Sookie's wish with Jessica at his side.

"I swear, Eric bit her! But, the fang marks to prove it aren't there anymore. They don't heal that fast!"

Bill shook his head. "No, they don't," he agreed.

"Maybe it has something to do with magic," a naïve Jessica suggested.

We all looked at her.

"It's the only explanation that makes sense," she said, defensively.

I shrugged, "Well, what ever it is it must be a good thing. I'm going to go and take a nice, long, warm, and relaxing bath. God and everybody knows that after what transpired earlier tonight, I deserve one."

--------

After my relaxing long bath and me getting myself settled in for the night or really early morning, depending on what you want to call it, I received a long over do call from home. I smiled as I picked up my cell from the bedside table and looked at the caller ID.

Pressing the green button I placed the phone up to my ear. Cheerfully, I said, "Hello, daddy!"

"Selena! How are you?"

"I'm good! And you?"

"Well, aside from being extremely busy, I'm good. So, have you gotten what you returned to Bon Temps for yet?"

Honestly, I answered, "No, not yet. I'm not even close to it yet. It's been a rather hectic week."

"Selbell," he began, using the nickname he gave me when I was younger, which usually meant that he was about to give me news that I didn't want to hear, "You don't have forever."

"Yeah, I know. I promise I'll get it soon!"

"I'm counting on you, Selena. Don't let me down."

"I won't daddy."

"Alright, well it's almost day here, I need to go. Goodnight!"

"Okay, I love you!"

"You, too!"

Hanging up, I placed my cell on the bedside table and turned off the light. As soon as my head hit the pillow I fell into a deep slumber. But, not before the feeling that overcame me the first night I was back overcame me again.