Adam was at the drama club's popular hangout coffee shop expecting a call from Danielle when he felt his phone vibrate. She must have found parking close by, Adam thought reaching into his pocket for the phone. It wasn't Danielle calling.

"Hi, Tommy," Adam hardened the tone of his voice.

"I...was...wondering when you'd have time for our next tutoring session," Tommy was hesitant.

"I have rehearsal today, so it won't be until tomorrow," Adam informed him.

"Tomorrow then." Tommy let out a sigh, "Look Adam, I am sorry about earlier. I just..."

"I'm busy, Tommy. Anything else?" Adam was curt.

"No. That was it. You know. History. That's all I care about." Tommy was rambling, but finally asked, "your place? What's the address?"

"No. Not my fucking place. I'll book the study room at the library for 3 PM." Adam could barely keep himself from yelling into the phone.

"Okay. Study room. Library. 3 PM," Tommy repeated. "See you..." Adam hung up before Tommy could finish his sentence.

"Who was that?" Danielle asked, sitting herself across the table from Adam. He hadn't seen her enter the store. Wriggling his phone back into his pocket, he replied, "Nobody. Let's have some dessert, shall we? I have a craving for something sweet."

***

It was ten past three, and Adam was still hanging around back-stage playing with the stage lights to pass time. He'd gone to the library right after school, made the 3 PM reservation for the study room, and then bolted. No way he was going to sit around waiting for Tommy to show. Not after Tommy put him down like that at lunch yesterday. He flung his shoulder bag over his neck, so the strap cut across his chest. He looked at his watch, fifteen minutes late was rather rude, but Tommy didn't deserve any consideration from him. He'd probably be justified to outright refuse to tutor him anymore, not that it was that simple - it never was with Tommy Joe Ratliff. Even now, hurt as he was, knowing that nothing was going to come of it, he still wanted to see Tommy - spend time with him, make him smile. It was this weakness for the blond spike-haired vixen that had Adam hating his own guts, or lack thereof. He was head over heels and Tommy couldn't care less. Worse yet, his secret was now shared with the one person he was most vulnerable to. Adam couldn't think of a more pathetic situation. It took him the allotted five minutes to get to the library. His heart almost leaped out of his chest when he saw Tommy seated on the stairs outside, but he walked past without stopping to acknowledge him.

"I've been waiting for you!" Tommy called after him.

Adam tried ignoring the shuffling behind him.

"Are you still mad at me?" Tommy asked.

Adam turned abruptly, causing Tommy to run into his larger frame. "Get over yourself, Ratliff. I had stuff to do. It isn't always about you." Except that it was. But Adam was not about to admit that, or admit that he liked feeling Tommy against him even just for a second as accidental as it was.

Being in the library was supposed to be neutral, not ramp up his desire to rumple the sheets with Tommy, and it was. Only it wasn't the room that was the problem, Tommy was his problem. And being in the library did nothing to diminish what he felt whenever Tommy was near. Even worse, now he'd placed them in a room-sized, noise-proof fishbowl. It had been a great idea yesterday. Sitting across the study table from Tommy, he was re-thinking that theory already. While trying to fish out his class notes, Adam scattered his pens across the table. They both reached for the pens. Adam knew he'd seen a spark, where their hands had touched, to match the jolt he'd felt. He was also certain that any passer-by could tell he was smitten with Tommy Joe Ratliff. Adam cursed the stars. At least in his room, there would have been no other witnesses to his ordeal.

"Adam..." Tommy started. But, Adam wasn't having it. "Don't!" he instructed.

"I was confused. Didn't mean to," Tommy tried again.

"What part of 'I don't want to talk about it' don't you get?" Adam asked, standing to emphasize his point.

"I am just trying to fucking apologize!" Tommy mirrored Adam by standing up too, his own words laced with exasperation instead.

"What exactly are you apologizing for? Kissing me back? Being true to asshole form the next day? It's vintage Ratliff, isn't it? Why was I even surprised?" Adam was furious, and grateful the fish-bowl was sound-proof. He wasn't doing a good job keeping his voice as neutral as his expression.

"I'm sorry. I really am. Do you want me to ask Mrs. Potter to assign me another tutor?"

Adam didn't really want Tommy to ask for another tutor. He couldn't say that though. He couldn't be that weak. "In the mean time, let's not waste more of my time. Sit!" He held his breath, half-expecting Tommy to leave anyway. He stared at the desk, too afraid to look up, in case his eyes did the pleading for him.

Tommy didn't leave. He sat down, pulling his chair closer to the desk in the process. "Truce?"

Adam was relieved. "Truce."

In a few minutes they were back to history. Back to Adam talking and Tommy listening, and their smiles told the story of two boys enjoying each other's company.

Hours later, when darkness had enveloped the day, Adam and Tommy made their way to the parking lot behind the library.

"I don't think I've ever been at the library this late before," Adam admitted.

"Dude, I'd never even been to the library before," Tommy chuckled.

"That doesn't count, you just got transferred," Adam pointed out.

"Adam..." Tommy called out in a strained whisper, falling a few steps behind.

Adam turned to see Tommy fade into the shadows of the bushes that surrounded the parking lot.

"Tommy?" He took a step towards him, worried Tommy had injured himself in some way.

"The other day..." Tommy spoke in a quiet voice, "when you kissed me..."

Adam's heart sank. Tommy wanted the cover of shadows to talk about this? Whatever happened to the truce that had been working out so well? Adam wasn't about to let him claim it'd been one-sided. "I kissed you and I fucking shouldn't have, but don't go lay it all on me. I was there, remember? You kissed me back." He'd been about to say something else, but he couldn't remember what that was because Tommy's lips were crushed against his. It took a moment to register fully so he just stood there for a while, not responding, while Tommy kissed him. That didn't last long though, his dick went from hard to harder in 0.3 secs, and his arms wrapped around Tommy. His tongue didn't need bidding to dance with Tommy's either. It only took one taste and, like a recovering alcoholic, he disappeared into an abyss drunk with desire.

It was Tommy who finally pulled away. "Now we're even." Tommy licked his lips and ran off to his car, leaving a bewildered Adam staring into the night after him.

Adam made it home in a daze. He touched his lips randomly all night until sleep finally claimed him, re-living the kiss, trying and failing to decipher the enigma that was Tommy Joe Ratliff.

***
Adam picked up the phone to call Tommy at least a hundred times over the weekend. They could have squeezed in another study session, but Adam decided to play it safe - no sudden moves. In truth, Adam was simply not brave enough to hit the call button.

Monday morning it was Adam who noticed Tommy from a distance, standing around like he was waiting for someone. No way he was making the same mistake twice. Adam turned around and walked in the opposite direction. He couldn't handle the cold shoulder, not again, not after that kiss. He wanted to hang onto his fantasy for just a while longer before it shattered against the reality of an indifferent Tommy. He took the long route to his locker. His morning class was math. Adam sighed. This was going to be a long day.

It was not until after third period that he saw Tommy again. What seemed like a smile started to form on Tommy's lips. Adam, though, was certain it wasn't for him. It couldn't be. He looked away, concerned he'd be caught staring, and walked away in a hurry. He actually was in a hurry; the ringing bell announced the mini-break over.

Adam was strutting to the cafeteria for lunch, as usual, with Danielle on his arm, when he spotted Tommy and the gang at the doorway. He noticed Tommy wave the guys in and just hang out by the door aimlessly. If Tommy wanted to get him alone so he could warn him off again, Adam wasn't going to give him the satisfaction. "Danielle, lets go grab lunch somewhere. I don't much feel like cafeteria food."

"I'm broke till next week. Probably shouldn't have splurged on that extra pair of boots at the mall."

"I'm buying!" Whatever it took to get him away from Tommy. "In 'n Out?" Adam knew Danielle would find it difficult to resist a free lunch of delicious burgers. "We could go to the gym later, work it off." Those were the magic words.

"Okay! Okay!" Danielle chuckled, pulling him toward the exit and away from Tommy.

He couldn't have noticed that Tommy's gaze followed them as they walked away, or known that all traces of Tommy's hesitant smile vanished with him.

School was over, most all the students had already left, and Adam was walking towards his locker. The weight of the phone in his pocket a reminder that he had a phone call to make, a tutoring appointment to schedule with Tommy, after which, the fantasy would end. He was surprised to find Tommy leaning against the edge of that row of lockers. Tommy's locker space was nowhere near there. He couldn't think of anything to say, so he said nothing. He opened his locker and put away his books, trying to ignore the fact that Tommy was standing only a few feet from him.

"Hi, Lambert," Tommy said from right behind him - so close Adam was startled. "Fuck, Ratliff. You scared the shit outta me, sneaking up on me like that." Adam turned around. Tommy was standing close. Not so close that anyone would think anything of it, but much too close for Adam to handle.

"Have you been avoiding me, Lambert?"

Adam didn't want to consider the answer to that. "I was just meaning to call you. See when you wanted to schedule our next session."

"Study session..." Tommy leaned in and lowered his voice, "or kissing session?"

Shocked at Tommy's forwardness, Adam replied honestly, "Is there a difference?" eliciting a hearty laugh from Tommy. "I guess not." Tommy said. It was official, there was no figuring out Tommy Joe Ratliff for him. Adam could only echo Tommy's laughter, and that, he did.

"So. History. Today, tomorrow?" Tommy asked.

"Today. Tomorrow is dress rehearsal. The big show's on Thursday," Adam replied.

"Bigger than the last show you were preparing for when we first met?"

Adam laughed,"Same performance, different big show. We don't have that many chances to perform for an actual audience. They're all big shows to us."

"You love an audience, don't you?" Tommy asked.

"I like the spotlight, yes," Adam replied

"I could tell," Tommy said.

"You've seen the show?" Adam asked, surprised.

Tommy nodded, "The very next week. You were majestic. I heard you sing and I haven't been able to get you out of my mind since."

"Did you just..." Adam pinched himself.

"Yes, I just admitted I'm gay." Tommy said.

"Oh. Cos that's not what I heard. I heard you admitting you are into me," Adam said with an elated smile.

"That's like the chicken and egg dilemma. Am I gay because I like you, or do I like you because I am gay?"

"Right now I am too hung up on the 'you like me' part to care," Adam grinned.

"What about you?" Tommy asked.

"What about me?" Adam was confused.

"You've avoided me all day. I'm not really sure what to think any more," Tommy said.

"I didn't want a replay of day-after our first kiss. I'm sorry," Adam said truthfully.

"So, you do like me?" Tommy asked hesitantly.

"Like you?" Adam was far beyond like, but if that was Tommy's choice of words, he wouldn't leap ahead. "Isn't it fucking obvious? I kissed you first," Adam reminded him.

"Yes, you did," Tommy nodded. "Sooo. My place?"

"For history or a kiss?" Adam liked that Tommy seemed to enjoy the teasing.

"Both!" Tommy chuckled. "Although I must warn you, if we stop after a kiss again I am likely to kill someone and claim an insanity defense. Driven insane with frustration, and it'd work too. After all, this is Hollywood."

Adam laughed at Tommy's macabre sense of humor. "How about my house this time? "What time do you want to come over?" Adam asked. Tommy's face was a mix of shock and delight as he realized what Adam had just said. "Now?" Adam suggested hopefully.

"I thought you'd never ask. Yes!" Tommy grinned one of those huge, I-am-so-fucking-happy grins that lit up his entire face. It was almost like his ears were grinning, too.

"You want to drive behind me? Or you worried about keeping up in traffic?" Adam asked.

"I actually..." Tommy paused, clearly torn about what he was about to reveal. "You're not the only one who knows his way without an address."

"You...?"

Tommy nodded. "That's why I was wound tight as the spring on a mousetrap that first day. I was excited you'd been stalking me, too, worried that you wouldn't make a move, and terrified that you would."

"Why did you..?" Adam didn't get to finish his question.

"The next day I was paralyzed. It might have been just another kiss for you. It was my first. With a guy. It was overwhelming and so intense. I couldn't process it, so I tried to ctrl-alt-delete it," Tommy said.

"And?" Adam asked, shutting the locker.

"It didn't work. I regretted it as soon as I said the words," Tommy admitted.

"The school hallway is an unusual choice for a confessional," Adam joked, motioning for Tommy to walk with him.

Tommy walked after Adam laughing, "Yeah, it is."

Adam could hardly take his mind off the not-stopping-at-kissing they had planned. His mom was not going to be home until much later. She'd left him a message which he listened to on the drive, checking for the Toyota in his rear-view mirror to make sure Tommy was on his tail.

After Tommy inspected Adam's room, he suggested they start with some history. Which was just as well because Tommy needed the help and, despite the talk, they were both inexperienced --- not really certain how to go about the not-stopping-at-kissing thing they had planned.

After they were done with the War of 1812, Tommy called a timeout. "Hey, you got some soda?" he asked Adam.

"Sure!" Adam went downstairs to grab them sodas and returned to find Tommy sprawled out on his bed.

"I think we need a break, don't you?" Tommy stretched his arms out so his back arched off the bed.

Adam walked over to Tommy, set the sodas down on the bed-side table, and dropped onto the bed next to him. Lying in the bed, next to Tommy, Adam suddenly felt very shy. His brain wasn't fully functional anymore because all the circulation had been re-routed by Tommy's proximity - not that firing synapses would have been able to figure out what to do, in what order, and how to do it properly.

"Adam," Tommy whispered.

"Yeah," Adam turned to breathe in the scent of cologne, hair gel and Tommy essence rolling off the nape of Tommy's neck, where perfect hair met perfect skin. He ran a finger along the divide, making Tommy tremble in response. "You've got beautiful skin."

"Do you want to see more of it?" Tommy asked, his voice crackling as he spoke.

"That's a good idea. You undress and I stay dressed," Adam let his fingers slide down and along Tommy's collar bone.

"Why?" Tommy asked. "I want to see you nekkid."

"I'm not nearly as pretty as you. All freckles," Adam said, not playing for sympathy as much as needing to give Tommy fair warning.

"And I want to kiss every last freckle," Tommy's coy smile said he meant it too.

"Oh! You'd be surprised the places I have freckles," Adam chuckled.

"On your cock?" Tommy asked biting down on his lower lip, cheeks staining red.

Adam nodded.

"Then I want to start with those freckles," Tommy tugged at Adam's belt buckle, "give me a hand here."

This was one request Adam was more than happy to oblige. He unbuckled his belt, opened his fly and slid his pants down his hips, while Tommy watched. "The shorts too!" These aren't called shorts, they are boxer briefs! Adam's inner fashion guru was incensed, but not enough to keep his hard cock, or Tommy, waiting. "Your cock is so huge!" Tommy's eyes nearly popped out of their sockets as he saw Adam drop his shorts.

"Freckled and small, would have been much," Adam laughed. It was nervous laughter. An attempt to hide his insecurity about his body, his skin.

Tommy didn't seem to be listening though. He stared transfixed at Adam's cock, reaching for it like it held the elixir of life. "It's perfect," Tommy murmured, touching his lips to a freckle.

Adam closed his eyes when he felt Tommy's lips on him, bit on his lips when Tommy kissed another freckle, then another, until every freckle on his cock had been adorned with feather-light kisses.

"Tommeh!" Adam called out when Tommy licked the drop of precum that had formed on the tip of his dick. "You taste so fucking good," he heard Tommy say, or rather he felt Tommy say, against his cock that twitched at every word. "I'm going to fucking come," Adam warned.

"Not before I suck you real good," Tommy replied.

Adam couldn't keep his eyes closed. He wanted, needed, to see Tommy - make sure this was no dream. Feeling Tommy's lips engulf him was enough to rock his world. Seeing Tommy's lips wrapped around his cock was like pulling on the yarn of a knitted fabric, he came undone. Adam fought the impending orgasm for as long as he could. "I'm gonna cum," he croaked out the warning, but Tommy didn't let up. Instead Tommy sucked faster and harder, demanding Adam's surrender. And surrender he did as shudders coursed through him, his every muscle clamped tight riding the wave. "Tommeh!" He screamed, spurting jet after jet of cum into lips that lapped it all up.

Still in a post-orgasmic daze Adam pulled Tommy up against him, "that was..."

"Fanfuckingtastic," Tommy supplied, licking his lips for every last drop.

"Yeah," Adam nuzzled the gelled blond locks, "not sure I'll be half as good." His hands had already started working on Tommy's shirt. He wanted to see all of Tommy. With some help from Tommy, he managed to pull the Depeche-Mode t-shirt off. "Gosh, you are beautiful," Adam ran his hands over the pale, cream-colored smoothness of Tommy's torso. He ran his thumb over a taunt nipple and noticed Tommy grab a fist-full of the bed cover, so he lingered. Adam watched Tommy dig in his heels and arch his back off the bed. "Adaaaam," Tommy cried out, biting his lip.

"Sensitive nipples?" Adam asked, taking one into his mouth.

"Yes," Tommy groaned when Adam's lips clamped down tighter.

Adam's hands went exploring. They caressed every bit of skin, discovering Tommy's body inch by inch. "I love it when you quiver under my touch," Adam said, his hot breath teasing the wet nipple it had worked up as he spoke; Tommy trembled. "It's like there's a live wire connecting nipple to ass," Tommy explained, blushing at the admission.

"Your ass, eh?" Adam smiled mischievously, "I think we should play with this wire from the other end." Tommy's blush deepened. Adam got on his knees and helped Tommy wriggle out of his pants. Tommy's underwear also ended up in the pile of clothes on the floor and Adam stopped to admire the full Monty. Adam stretched over so he could reach the drawer with his stash of gay porn and, more importantly, lube. He grabbed the lube and slid back into place beside Tommy, lips aligned with Tommy's nipple. For once, Adam was grateful for his larger frame, and Tommy's smaller build, because it meant he could reach under Tommy's hips, between his crack and to the boyflower within from that position. He lubed up a finger and pressed against Tommy's hole, sucking down on a nipple - Tommy groaned. Adam teased Tommy's hole for a while, promising without delivering, until Tommy was whimpering with need. Still twirling his tongue around a nipple, Adam lubed up his finger some more and this time he didn't tease. He felt his finger slip bit by bit into the tightness of Tommy's ass and he felt his recently spent cock twitch with want again. "Tommeh," he moaned, shifting himself so his hard cock was rubbing against Tommy's thigh. He curled his finger inside Tommy, seeking out that spot he'd read about. He knew when he found it because Tommy jerked, and twitched, and cried out his name, "Adaaam." He sucked down harder on Tommy's nipple and felt him shudder. Tommy reflexively reached for his cock to take himself over the edge, and Adam, unable to attend to that bit too, encouraged him, "that's it baby." Adam massaged that spot inside and his tongue plucked Tommy's nipple until he felt Tommy spasm with release. He looked up to watch Tommy come; head thrown back, eyes squeezed shut, teeth biting lip - Tommy was something to behold and Adam milked him from the inside by jabbing at his prostate until the last of his shudders rippled through cresting around Adam's finger. Tommy was finished but Adam wasn't, he licked the stray drops of cum that had landed on Tommy's chest, creeping down until he reached the cum that had pooled in Tommy's palm. He savored the taste, devoured every drop, licked between Tommy's fingers until there was not a trace of cum left. With a trail of kisses along his path, he climbed up to claim Tommy's lips. For the first time that day, with cum soaked mouths, they kissed.

**
Tuesday proved to be a hectic day for Adam. He'd woken up to a text from Tommy; a simple " :) "and nothing else, but it was more than enough. Somehow they weren't able to get around to meeting during school, and Adam was headed for dress rehearsal. The audience was mostly the cast and crew not involved in the current scene, a few overly-enthusiastic parents, and the janitorial staff, but Adam also noticed the signature blond spikes in the audience. And he wasn't alone. Tommy had brought a friend.

After the show, Adam's still trying to change out of his costume and tights when there was a knock on the door of the dressing room. It wasn't a real dressing room, just a make-shift one that required a lot of make-believe to pass for one.

"Come in," Adam called out. He knew it would be Tommy. He wasn't wrong.

"Danielle pointed out the dressing room. I thought I'd be the gentleman courting his lover, like in those oldie movies." Tommy held out a bag.

Adam grabbed the bag and pulled Tommy in for a kiss. It was supposed to be a quick happy-to-see-you kiss, but as always happened when their lips touched and tongues get involved - the tongues took over.

Finally, Adam pulled away and looked into the package. It was something red. He dug deeper. It was something wrapped in something red. Adam pulled it all out of the bag, gently so he wouldn't break what had been so carefully wrapped. It was the part of his costume that got broken when he'd first met Tommy. The director had convinced Adam it wasn't necessary for the role, so he never got a new piece. He looked at Tommy. "I don't even know what to say," he said.

"Then say nothing," Tommy instructed. "Kiss me."

Adam was happy to comply. He set the ceramic half-face mask on the table and pulled Tommy against him. They made out until Adam's hardness filled in the tights he still wore. "I have to change," he informed Tommy.

Adam took off the tights, and slipped into his favorite pair of jeans. He was still self conscious about his freckled body, so he turned around to change his shirt, hoping Tommy would look away while he did.

T-shirt pulled over his head, he noticed what his gift had been wrapped in and he laughed.

"What's so funny?" Tommy asked.

"You own a red boa?" Adam teased.

"Well, I needed to wrap the mask in something." Tommy protested.

Adam turned around still smiling.

"What?" Tommy asked.

"At least you didn't try to pass it off as your mom's," Adam teased.

Tommy chewed on his lips, "It's mine."

"I think you'd look gorgeous in it." Adam reached out to pull back a stray strand of Tommy's hair.

"Boys aren't supposed to be gorgeous...or purdy." Tommy said, letting Adam know, by the tone of his voice, that's just what he wanted to be.

"It's your life. You can make the rules." Adam drew Tommy closer. "Besides, I'd like purdy."

"You would?" Tommy looked at him wide eyed.

"Let's see you work that boa," Adam asked, grinding their lower bodies together, so Tommy could feel just how much he'd like him purdy.

Tommy grabbed the boa from Adam, stepped back and wrapped it around his neck, doing a pirouette to show off for Adam.

"Gorgeous. Purdy." Adam blew Tommy a kiss like one would blow a diva on a stage. "Grow out your hair, add a bit of make up, sprinkle on some glitter and it'd be a complete package." Adam grabbed a tube of glitter from the dresser.

"Much as I'd like to indulge you. Sean is outside waiting for me. I could not explain away the glitter."

Adam was going to tell him he didn't owe anyone an explanation, then he remembered that a few days ago Tommy hadn't been comfortable enough to be his friend. Baby steps, Adam, baby steps. "Thanks," Adam pointed to the costume piece.

"You're welcome," Tommy said, sliding into Adam's arms again.

Danielle and Sean, having grown tired of waiting outside, choose that moment to barge into the dressing room.

"Since when are you guys friends, much less snugly and huggy?" Sean asked surprised and obviously teasing, as he often teased Tommy.

"Who said anything about being friends?" Tommy replied before Adam could reply.

"So you two are..." Sean couldn't bring himself to say the words.

"An item?" Danielle supplied.

"You guys have a problem with that?" Adam asked, standing straighter so that his size was factored into the response.

"No problemo, bro," Sean was no fool, besides he wanted to ask Danielle out and crossing Adam would keep him off her good books.

"Of course not, Adam! Lucky stud that you are snaggin' yourself every girl's heart-throb." Danielle gave him a friendly punch to the arm.

"So you guys going to be out at school?" Sean asked.

Tommy looked at Adam, "We are not going to hide or anything."

"But," Adam interjected, "neither is it anyone's business."

"Yeah!" Tommy wrapped his arms around Adam tighter.

"I am a private kind of guy." Adam pulled aside the blond lock of hair that had collapsed under the weight of Tommy's hair gel.

"Says the man that loves to perform for as large an audience as can fit into the auditorium," Tommy chuckled.

"That's the thanks I get for tutoring a punk," Adam whined.

"No." Tommy lifted himself on tiptoes and paused before kissing Adam to say, "This is the thanks you get for tutoring a punk."