On Wednesday and Thursday, Jax found reasons to head out to Caracara and hang out for a few hours as Tim the incubus -- complete with horns and Darth Maul contacts -- and Midnight the succubus (her contacts were purple) took on several starlets. The girl on girl was hot just on general principles, but Tim?

Jax still had it in the sack, but he hadn't been able to aim, shoot, and reload like that since high school.

Poppers had always been a part of the porn industry and Viagra worked wonders, but aside from needing a little fluffing towards the end of the day, Tim didn't need any chemical help to get it up. True, there was less of a payload by the end of the day, but they had clever camera cuts and cream of wheat if the director felt it necessary.

The movie even had a moral/punchline at the end. Despite their demonic nature, the incubus and succubus practiced safe sex, insisting on condoms every time. In the end they were both banished when somebody tried to use Crisco for lube. Tim found that really funny for some reason. He shook his head and chortled "Christo!/Crisco!" several times between takes before whipping out his phone and texting Dee about it.

On Friday, Tim and "Stone" played two plumbers who ended up double-teaming the bored and horny housewife.

Jax went home and fucked Tara three times that night.

(And spent the rest of the weekend dreading her teasing him about which starlet had him all worked up.)

~oo(0)oo~

On Monday, after watching Tim play a football player who got lucky with three cheerleaders and the coach's daughter -- a scenario that Tim found pretty funny because, "Coach's daughter is about the only girl I didn't get lucky with in high school" -- Jax asked Tim if he wanted to go and grab a beer or something.

Tim smiled bigger than Jax had ever seen before. "Dee's pulling some overtime tonight, and I don't have a shoot tomorrow, so yeah, that sounds great."

Jesus God, he had dimples.

(Jax throbbed.)

~oo(0)oo~

As he reeled down the hall and flopped on the bed, Jax had a new set of realizations about Tim Riggins:

1) The guy could fucking drink when he wanted to.
2) Trying to hustle Tim at Pool was a good way to end up with an empty wallet. 
3) Women seemed to love him just because. Jax wouldn't be surprised to find out Tim could charm the pants off a bull dyke.

Case in point -- Tim had gotten Tara to go from steaming mad to smiling sweetly (at him) in under five seconds. Hell, she seemed happy that Tim was going to crash on the couch tonight and even made him drink a glass of water and take some Motrin, "So you won't be so hungover tomorrow." Meanwhile, she left Jax to his own devices and glared at him when she stormed into the room.

With a loud groan he dragged himself off the bed and forced himself to drink two glasses of water and swallow some Motrin.

~oo(0)oo~

If his head hadn't been pounding so badly, Jax might have taken more pleasure in the fact that Tim also looked like fried shit the next morning.

That he had sunglasses on to drink coffee and nibble at a piece of dry toast spoke volumes.

"Dee's going to kill me," moaned as he ran a hand underneath his sunglasses and scrubbed blearily at his eyes. "I haven't been this hungover in years." He took a sip of coffee. "You got a great kid, by the way."

"God, I hope he wasn't too much." Jax's stomach flip-flopped alarmingly the moment he thought of reaching for toast. Looked like he was having Alka-Seltzer for breakfast this morning.

Tim smiled wanly. "It's not the first time I've been woken up that way. And it's far from the worst." He snickered at some memory.

They sat in silence for several moments, Jax mostly waiting for the coffee to kick in. And, shit, did he ever want a cigarette right now, but Tara had finally gotten him to quit a year ago. "I got a message from Opie. He found an engine for your truck."

"So, I guess I'll be giving you that 500 back?"

Jax grinned evilly at Tim.

He shrugged. "Well, it was fun while it lasted."

~oo(0)oo~

Friday night, Jax slipped out the back door at Caracara to find Tim, arms crossed, slouched against his bike.

"I'd say 'your place or mine', but your place is out of the question. Hotel or my place?" Tim leered at him through his too long bangs.

"What are you talking about?" Jax couldn't quite keep the nerves out of his voice because he knew exactly what Tim was talking about it and he wanted it as much as he feared it.

Tim snorted and rolled his eyes. "I'm not entirely stupid, Jax. You've been here every day the past two weeks that I have a shoot. You only visit my sets. That night that we got drunk, you certainly took advantage of any opportunity to get close to me -- you definitely had 'Roman Hands' getting into and out of the car. Look, I know what you want." He tossed his hair out of his eyes and fixed Jax with a direct look. "Question is, are you going to ask for it?"

Jax closed his eyes and counted to ten. "This isn't easy for me."

"Like it's a cakewalk for me?"

Right.

Jax sucked in a deep breath and forced it through his nose.

(What he wouldn't give for a smoke right now.)

"Your place," he said through a mouth that felt as dry as sand.

~oo(0)oo~

Tim parked the Buick next to a classic black Chevy Impala in the drive.

"Nice car, man," Jax said, reaching out with a gloved hand and almost gingerly running a finger over the edge of the hood. Damn, that paint was glossy, the kind of finish you only got with carnauba wax and a lot of elbow grease. "Why don't I see you driving this around?"

"Because it's Dee's car." Tim said over his shoulder as he headed for the door.

Jax froze.

"What?" Tim asked as soon as he sensed Jax wasn't right behind.

"I'm not so sure --"

Tim smiled patently. "Don't worry. It's all good, I promise. Dee knows all about you."

"Ooookay." Jax didn't quite know how this was going to work, because he wanted Tim, bad, but he loved Tara, and despite all the other wildness of the biker lifestyle, once they had gotten together for good --'til death (or 500 miles) do us part -- he'd never disrespected her by shitting in the backyard.

Tim opened the door and waved him through.

The furnishings were what Jax expected. Earthtones. Worn around the edges. Lived in. Not Martha Stewart.

The guy on the couch was not.

Tim's been saying "D", not "Dee" -- ohgod. The shock of realization jolted Jax so hard that for a split second his knees turned to jello.

Before he could react, Tim footsied the door shut, slung an arm over Jax's shoulders, and said, "He followed me home, D. Can we play with him?"

D threw back his head and laughed. "Dude," he crowed, pointing at Jax, "if you could see the look on your face right now!"

He's as pretty as Tim, was all Jax could think as the guy got off the couch and headed towards him. D had green eyes, and short hair with dark blond highlights, and other than the fact that he was a few years older than Tim, everything else about him, that almost delicate face, the way he dressed, the way he moved, that wicked glint of mischief in his eyes, it was all Tim ... or perhaps Tim was all D. " -- didn't explain that 'D' is a guy?"

Jax shook his head.

"Don't worry, dude, you're not the first person this has happened to." He held out a hand. "Dean. Dean Winchester."

"Jax," Jax squeaked, pumping it. He cleared his throat. "Jax Teller."

Tim snickered, but not meanly. "I didn't do it on purpose this time, D. It just completely slipped my mind that I never explained." Then, "Look, Jax, if you're not cool with this, you can go. It's okay. Really."

"No! I-I --" Jax's mind scrambled for words as he looked between the two of them. "I think I need to sit down."

"You do that, man." Dean beamed at him. "Find your words."

Jax's legs all but buckled as he reached the couch and he hit the cushion so hard the frame squeaked. He looked up at Tim and opened his mouth to ask, but what came out was an almost hysterical giggle.

(Oh FUCK me.)

"What?" Tim shrugged. "Like I'm going to say, 'well, I fuck pussy all day, but I go home and suck cock at night'?"

Well ... he had a point. "I can see how that might cause a few problems," Jax managed to say in an even voice before the snickers overwhelmed him.

"Caracara doesn't do gay porn, and neither do I." Tim might have directed the words at Jax, but the look he and Dean shared spoke volumes.

Finally getting a handle on the laughter that kept threatening to bubble up, Jax said, "This is so not what I expected."

"We aim to baffle," Dean replied.

~oo(0)oo~

"So ... what now," Jax said after he got off the phone with Tara, letting her know that Tim had invited him over for a few beers and he might be crashing on the couch.

"Pizza," Tim said. "I'm hungry." He paused. "What? I've been working hard all day."

Yeah, working hard was one way to put it.

Dean crossed his arms and studied them for a moment. "And how 'bout you suck Jax's cock while we're waiting for it to come?"

"Sounds good." Tim smiled as he dropped to his knees.

Jax had the weird sensation that any second now he would wake up in a hospital bed and discover that he'd passed out at Caracara and hit his head really hard on the floor or something, and Tara would be there, holding his hand and telling him he was expected to make a full recovery.

He squeezed his eyes shut and counted to ten.

When he opened them again he was still not in the hospital with a knot the size of Mt. Whitney on his head. He was still on Tim and Dean's couch with a throbbing cock in his now way too tight jeans.

It wasn't the first time he'd ever had a guy suck his dick.

(There were some high school memories that he and Hale had an unspoken mutual agreement to never talk about.)

As Tim's hands unbuckled and unzipped him, Jax scooted down a bit, lolled his head back on the top of the cushions and looked at the cottage cheese on the ceiling.

Tim didn't reach in and take him out right away, he rubbed his face over the thin cotton, sniffing, mouthing, basically cock-teasing, driving Jax fucking nuts, really. His dick had spurted a nice big wet patch on the front of his boxer briefs before Tim told him to lift up. He looked over at Dean as Tim shimmied his underwear and pants down to about mid-thigh.

Dean's eyes were like points of green fire. They burned with desire ... and with something else, too. Something calculating. There were layers to this that Jax didn't begin to understand, and he knew better to ask, because he was just passing through, a nomad.

He closed his eyes and gently carded his hands into Tim's long, slightly sweat lank hair, and sucked in a long hissing breath as Tim took him in hand and licked a long, hot stripe from root to tip.

People joked that a mouth's all the same in the dark. And they were so wrong. A guy's mouth was bigger than a woman's, and a guy's stubble chafed against the tender flesh of your inner thighs as he bobbed his head up and down, and he could take you deeper more easily than most women could, even with practice.

Jax tried to say something like, "Oh yeah, just like that," but all he could get his mouth to form was the "Ohhhhh ...." part.

His head flopped forward and he opened his eyes and ohgod Tim was putting on an obscene show. Slurping, and moaning every time he took a breath, and angling his head so that Jax's cock bulged from his cheeks and after a few seconds of it, Jax wasn't sure how much of it was for his benefit, or Dean's benefit, or because Tim was a natural showman, but fuck, it was hot, and then Tim's eyes flicked up, locked with his, and the look in them was so utterly wanton that it sent Jax from about a 7 to a 27 in a heartbeat. His orgasm caught him almost completely off guard and he barely had time to shout Tim's name and pull him away.

He didn't quite make it either. His first shot clipped the edge of Tim's jaw and hung there, oozing down into a long drip, and Jax had never seen anything so dirty-hot in his life.

With a slow, deliberate movement, Tim slid his forefinger along his jaw, collecting Jax's come and then he held it out and ... the look in his cat's eyes, it didn't ask him, it didn't tell him, it dared him.

And Jax had never backed down from a dare in his life. Locking his eyes with Tim's, taking Tim's hand in his, he guided the finger to his open mouth, closed his lips around it, and slowly pulled Tim's finger away as he sucked his own come off.

It was a test, and he could see from the gleam in Tim's eyes that he had passed with flying colors.

They paused like that, frozen in the moment, until Dean's low, shuddering, "Jesus fuck" broke the spell.

~oo(0)oo~

"You're not going to believe this, but Tim's auditioning for Caracara was my idea," Dean said around a mouthful of pepperoni pizza.

Jax nearly choked on his beer. He shot a "huh?" glance at Tim, who nodded a confirmation in midslice.

Dean smiled fondly at Tim across the coffee table. "It's like he never stopped being a teenager on some level -- hell, look at the way he's eating -- I can go as much as the next guy, but Tim here was wearing me out."

Tim flipped him the bird. "You make it sound like I was humping your leg or something, D."

Jax chuckled. "So what did you do back in high school, constantly beat off between classes?"

Tim just smirked. Busted!

Jax started to laugh but was brought up short when Tim said quietly, "I also slept around. Not to brag, but it was a lot. A lot, a lot." He paused for a moment, grinned ear to ear at some memory, then continued, "But I'm not kidding when I say that Coach Taylor's daughter is about the only girl at my high school that I didn't get up on."

Jax guffawed, "What, was she dog ugly?"

"Hell no! She was just like her mother, smokin' hot." The look in Tim's eyes grew a little dreamy.

"Great legs," Dean added.

"What?!" Tim almost sounded indignant. "You've never met her. You're thinking of Tyra."

"They went on for miles," Dean shot back. "Something like that's hard not to notice. Hello, guy here."

Tim's mouth quirked in an "Okay, I'll give you that one" smile. But then: "Julie was like a little sister to me, D. It would've been gross sleeping with her." Pause. "Even though she did have a great rack."

"Tyra wasn't hurting in that department, either," Dean said, making a "curvy woman" figure in the air with his hands, and smiling happily at the memory.

"So, you're ..." Jax began.

Dean smiled and shook his head. "Not gay. So not gay."

"But you're --"

Dean arched an eyebrow. "With Tim, yes."

Right. "So, what I'm not getting here is why straight porn?"

"What D's not telling you is I'm only doing porn in the first place to help put Sam through school," Tim explained before continuing, "Look, if I'm with somebody, really with somebody, it's just them. And ... this feels the least like cheating. Also, I try to I keep Caracara out of this part of my life as much as I can."

Dean laughed. "Except when I pick up one of his movies."

Tim just snorted and shook his head. He wadded up his napkin and pitched it in the empty pizza box before flopping back on the couch.

Dean shrugged. "Hey, it's a turn on, watching you perform."

Yeah, you can say that again. Jax thought. "So, why am I here then?" he asked. "Because you obviously don't want to fuck around, in a manner of speaking, and you can't get more Caracara than bringing one of the owners home with you."

"Because, even though there's been a few times we've agreed and picked up a girl and shared her, I've had fantasies about a threeway with Tim and another guy." Dean's eyes bored into his. "And Tim said he's fine with that, so long as he picked the guy."

There was a certain note of warning in Tim's voice even though he smiled as he replied, "I told you, I'm not sharing you with just anybody, D."

Jax swallowed hard. "So, let's all be clear here --" He did not want to get caught in the middle of a relationship. His life was complicated enough.

"It's a one time thing," Dean said.

Jax sighed in relief. "Good, because, as much as a certain part of me likes the idea, another part of me of me knows it's for the best if it's a one off." He picked at the label on his beer bottle. "Any more than that and it would feel like cheating on Tara." He smiled at the both of them. "You're not the only couple with an ... understanding." 'Cept mine usually involves keeping it out of the backyard. "But I gotta ask. What if I had said hotel?"

Tim smiled knowingly at him. "I knew you weren't going to say hotel, and I just would've told D where to meet us."

Jax smiled a little tightly, "You seem awful certain I was going to say yes."

"In for a penny, in for a pound," Tim replied mildly.

Well, yes, he had a point there.

~oo(0)oo~

Jax didn't even get off the couch before the next round started. Dean picked up the empty pizza boxes and beer bottles and headed out of the room while Tim pulled off his boots, revealing a pair of somewhat grubby white socks with holes in them. He then stood and pulled off his shirt revealing his impressive set of pecs and washboard abs.

When he's not eating or working, he must be working out, Jax noted. I wonder when he finds time to fuck and sleep.

Tim cocked his head and said, "Ready for round two?"

The words tripped over themselves getting out of Jax's mouth.

Tim crouched at his feet. "How about we start with your shoes?"

Jax's shirt went next, and then his jeans and boxer briefs. As he stepped out of them, semi-hard, at the prospect of what was to come, he said to Tim, "Why aren't you naked yet?"

Tim just shrugged and stood up, dropped his pants and jockeys and then gently pushed Jax back down to the couch, straddling his lap. The feel of his dick nestling against Jax's own was all it took to get him fully hard again, and Tim's eyes locked with his as Tim made the tiniest of teasing micro-thrusts with his hips. "Are you okay with kissing?" Jax asked.

"Oh hell yes," Tim said and swooped in, wetly claiming Jax's mouth. He tasted of pizza and beer and something uniquely himself, and fuck yes, he could kiss. Had that perfect knack of sucking your bottom lip the way that went straight to a guy's cock, knew how to give and take with the tongue, and when they accidentally clanked teeth, Jax could only laugh. Fuck, he hadn't had a kiss that thrilling, that full of mystery and wonder and discovery since the day Tara walked back into his life.

"God," Jax murmured when they broke. "You make me feel like I'm 18 all over again." And, shit, your eyes are so amber right now. Warm like honey in sunlight, and there I am, reflected in them as you look at me like I'm something incredibly precious.

The light bulb clicked on and Jax laughed in realization.

"What's so funny?" Tim asked.

Jax reached out and ran his finger over Tim's kiss reddened lips, Tim, of course, sucked it in and swirled his tongue along its length, causing Jax's breath to catch in his throat as he replied, "You make me feel like I'm the only girl in the room."

Tim shook his head as he laughed. "You're not a girl. Really, really not a girl." He slid his hands up Jax's ribcage, pausing and teasing Jax's nipples with his thumbs for a few moments, before sliding his palms the rest of the way up and over Jax's shoulders.

"I knew," Jax rasped, "that you had some special knack with the ladies -- it's why they're all so in love with you -- but I've never had it done to me before. Damn you're good."

Tim smiled easy at him. "I'm not doing some sort of hokey trick. I'm not doing anything."

"I know," Jax murmured, skimming his hands up Tim's back, feeling those firm muscles flex and coil in response to his touch, "that's what makes it so potent."

"You're not so bad yourself, Jax Teller. Right now, you've got this look in your eyes ..." Tim angled his head one way and then the other as he thought about how he wanted to explain what he had to say. "When I was a kid, my best friend, Jason, and I went to a museum. And right now, you look like Jason did when he saw the T-Rex."

"And I feel like the world's luckiest kid on Christmas morning," Dean said from the door to the hallway. As he stepped closer, Jax noticed that he had a bottle of lube in one hand and a butt plug in the other. Not a particularly large one (Jax had seen some monsters used on the set at Caracara) but a butt plug nonetheless.

Startled, he flicked his eyes back to Tim's. "Don't worry, that's not for you," Tim whispered. He arched an eyebrow in thought and leaned in a moment later. "Unless you want it to be."

"N-no," Jax stammered because ... no. Just no.

Tim closed his eyes for a few heartbeats and when he opened them again the look in them dared Jax to pass judgement.

"Different strokes for different folks," Jax replied.

Tim's answer consisted of him rolling his hips, making both their breaths catch, making Jax's cock surge and spurt another few drops of precome.

Dean climbed on to the couch next to them, opened the bottle of lube, squirted a large dollop into his hand, rubbed them together to warm it, and said, "How about you two continue with that kissing and feeling each other up thing, because that was hot."

Jax closed his eyes as Tim kissed him, slid his hands up and down that strong, yet not muscle-bound, back, tangled them in Tim's hair, rocked back as Tim rocked into him, just let the goodness of it all roll over him.

He could tell the moment Dean slid it in -- didn't open his eyes, let them have it be their thing -- he just felt Tim raise up and heard him make a soft, choked-off sort of sound, and that was that. And when Jax opened his eyes, the fire in Tim's eyes had become hotter, more focused, like the flame on a cutting torch. They both gave soft, under the breath sounds as they renewed kissing, rocking against each other, and then Dean reached between them with a warm, slick hand and closed it around both of them.

"Oh, God!" Jax heard himself gasp, and then he closed his eyes again. Not because he wanted to give them a moment, not out of shame, not out of fear, but out of the knowledge that if he caught another glimpse of the open mouthed Ohhhh of ecstasy on Tim's face as Dean pumped them (all the while giving a running monologue about how hot they both were right now, and how much he loved the fact that Tim was so fearless when it came to sex) Jax was going to shoot like a high school boy on his first hot date. And when he did shoot, it was a full-blown acid trip rush of colors behind his eyes and then a long slow fade to black during which he was only dimly aware of Tim sagging against him, panting in his ear before his heat and weight were gone and then tissues wiped and the velvety black warmth pulled him under.

He wasn't out for long. He came back to the sounds and then the sight of Tim blowing Dean on the easy chair. He stretched out on his side and watched them through slitted eyes, too wrung out at the moment to do anything else except enjoy the view.

Dean had a small pentagram tattoo on his chest that matched the one that Tim had on the nape of his neck and a brand on his left shoulder that looked like a hand print ... a few scars on his torso and across his hips, too, in stark contrast to the virtually pristine expanse of Tim's skin. They had reached the point where they were both so into it that neither of them noticed Jax.

It was obscene and beautiful and hot and a thousand other words that hadn't been invented yet, the way that Dean's hands knotted into and kept clenching in time around Tim's thick brown hair as his hips rocked in slow, easy thrusts. Dean tossed his head back and shuddered and gasped from time to time, but for the most part, he kept his gaze fixed on his lap where -- from what little bit Jax could see and hear -- Tim was putting on show to top the one he'd put on for Jax.

Tim's own hips rocked and twisted in a time of their own, the cheeks clenching and relaxing as he move, clearly savoring the feel of the plug shifting inside him.

Jax felt his pelvis grow warmer with the flood of blood to parts south, at the thought of that, felt things tingle, try to rise, but it was still too soon for round three.

Round three.

Fuck he laughed to himself, who needed Viagra when there was Tim Riggins?

Something he did must have caught Dean's attention because the next time Jax's eyes flicked up from Tim's head in Dean's lap, he found that green stare fixed on him, bright, almost feral.

Soft or not, Jax's cock somehow managed to ooze a spurt of precome as Dean came about two seconds later and Tim swallowed it all down, openly savoring every last drop and letting Dean slide out of his mouth only after he had gone completely soft.

And the look that Tim flashed him after he climbed up into Dean's lap? 100% cat that got the cream.

Jax groaned inwardly.