Harry yawned, stretched, then opened his eyes abruptly as he found his movements restricted. Lifting his head, he found that he was flat on his back; his arms and legs securely tied to the bed. He pulled on his restraints – nope, no getting out of these. His head fell heavily back onto the pillow.

“Snape?” he called uncertainly. No response. He shifted as well as he could, he had an itchy spot on his shoulder blade and it was annoying as hell. “Snape!”

The man himself appeared, leaning on the doorjamb, his formerly wet trousers snug and hanging low on his hips. “You called, Sir?”

“What’s going on? Why did you tie me up?”

“I was worried you might fall out of bed. I only did it to ensure your safety.”

Harry scowled. “Don’t play games, Severus. Untie me at once.”

Snape slid into the room, seating himself carefully next to Harry’s prone body. “I would, Sir, if not for one small problem. I don’t want to.”

Harry looked up in bewilderment. “Oh shit. The potion’s worn off, hasn’t it?

Snape’s grin was positively feral. “Indeed.”

Harry’s eyes widened. “Oh fuck.”

Snape slipped onto the bed and positioned himself on Harry’s pelvis. “Eventually, my dear Mister Potter. Now, there are a few matters that need to be cleared up.”

Harry shifted slightly, both damning and praising his now fully awake cock as it sought to poke a hole through Snape’s rough trousers. “You know Snape, it wasn’t entirely my fault. You said yourself you had some control over what I asked, and it’d be really poor form to kill me when Voldemort’s still out there causing trouble. If you believe all the prophecy stuff, it’d be stupid to – “

“I have no intention of killing you, Mister Potter,” Snape said, running his fingers over Harry’s clavicle, down his sternum and circling lightly around his belly button. “I do, however, intend on teaching you.”

“Teaching me?” Harry squeaked, jerking his hips slightly in the hope that Snape would get the hint and lower his hand to the place where he needed it most.

“Oh yes, Mister Potter,” Snape whispered in Harry’s ear, his ebony hair falling over Harry’s face. “Whilst you made very good use of my…temporary incapacitation, it was obvious that you had no idea what you were doing.”

“Oi! You didn’t seem to mind it too much.”

“I enjoyed it immensely,” Snape said as he licked Harry’s ear. “Much, much more than I anticipated. But you, Mister Potter, are a bottom, and I am a top. And we shall see what progresses when we follow the natural order of things.”

“I’m not exclusively a bottom, you know,” Harry grumbled. “I have had some experience in the matter.”

Snape sat back and smirked, grinding his arse into Harry’s pelvis. “And it was very good, Mister Potter, very good indeed. I had no idea you could be so demanding, or that I would enjoy it so much. But now is not the time to discuss the relative merits of each position. Accio candle.”

A long, white candle smacked itself into Snape’s out-stretched hand.

“What do you plan on doing with that?” Harry stammered.

“Do you find that you have the ability to tolerate pain?” Snape asked, lighting the candle with a quick snap of his fingers.

“Er – “

“I myself am not fond of most types of rough play, but I do find certain elements…stimulating.”

“Ah – “

Snape tipped the lit candle over Harry’s torso, and a drop of melted wax dropped onto the centre of his sternum.

“Shit! What did you do that for, you sadistic wanker?”

Snape leaned forward, gently blowing over the hot fluid. As it hardened, he said, “Trust me, Mister Potter, my wanking days are over.” He casually flicked the spot of hard wax from Harry’s chest and lowered his mouth onto the red patch of skin, sucking on it hard.

“Ohhhh – “

“Yes,” Snape said with a gleam in his eye. His eyes scanned the length of Harry’s body, coming up to rest on his nipples. A small grin appeared on his face. “Do you know what makes a successful bottom, Mister Potter?”

“You know, I really liked it when you were calling me Sir. Could you go back to that?”

Snape continued as if he hadn’t been interrupted. “A successful bottom, a happy bottom, if you will, is someone who submits willingly. Do you submit willingly, Mister Potter?” He punctuated his question with a positively evil swivel of his hips.

Harry’s darkened in lust. “Yes.”

“Do you trust me, Mister Potter?”

“Yes. Now get on with it.”

“Get on with it, what?”

Harry groaned. “Sir. Get on with it, Sir. Please Sir, fuck me.”

“Tut tut, Mister Potter, so very forward. I can see that you’re going to be a demanding little bottom, aren’t you?” Snape tilted the candle over Harry’s chest and dropped wax on each of his nipples.

Harry writhed against his restraints. “Yes Sir. I am. I’m very pushy. Please, you need to fuck me to put me back in my place.”

Snape chuckled as he scrapped his fingernails over each nipple, removing wax and a few hairs. He laid himself on top of Harry and licked each straining nub slowly. Harry’s knees parted and he thrust against the man’s warm belly. “You may ask all you like, Mister Potter, but I am the one in charge.”

“Yeah,” Harry groaned as he fucked himself against Snape’s stomach. “Yeah, you’re the boss, you totally own me.”

Snape dropped wax on Harry’s neck and Harry hissed at the sudden burn. “I own you, Harry? You’re mine?”

Harry pressed his neck into Snape’s mouth, eager to have that rough tongue licking him. “Yeah, all yours. All yours. Please, fuck me.”

Snape rolled off Harry’s body suddenly. “All in good time.” With a quick flick of his wrist, Snape covered Harry’s body with droplets of wax, the sensation of those sudden hot bursts on his skin making Harry pull hard against his restraints. He spread his legs as far apart as he could and pushed up against the mattress, raising his arse into the air.

“Fucking take me, Snape! Please,” he begged.

“There is one part of your body that appears to be neglected,” Snape said as he wound his fingers around Harry’s straining cock and tugged it slowly. Harry moaned again and pushed up, fucking himself in Snape’s palm.

“Not so fast,” Snape said as he pulled down, exposing the leaking tip of Harry’s cock and pouring hot wax onto it. Harry screamed and thrashed against his restraints.

“Oh! That’s, that’s – “

Snape blew a warm stream of air up and down Harry’s enthusiastic hard on and, with his fingers and thumb, brutally twisted the ball of wax off and engulfed Harry’s cock with his mouth.

Harry squealed and thrust, fucking Snape’s mouth as hard as he could. Snape let him for a few moments then removed his mouth, pinching cruelly on the base of Harry’s cock. “Not yet. Open your mouth.”

Harry babbled incoherently and did so. Snape blew out the candle and pressed its base into Harry’s open mouth. “Wet it thoroughly, Mister Potter. It is for your benefit,” he instructed.

As Harry slobbered around the unusual toy, Snape removed his trousers with one hand. He pushed them off and kneeled up, displaying his hairless crotch. Harry groaned around the candle, tongue working furiously as he spied the thick cock and delicious balls exposed to his view.

“Enough,” Snape said as he removed the candle. He transferred it into his left hand and nudged it against Harry’s hole. “Lift up.”

Harry eagerly raised his hips and Snape eased the candle into Harry’s arse, one torturous centimetre at a time.

“Fuck…” he whimpered as the cool length penetrated him. He began to move his hips, fucking himself on the waxy toy. Snape dropped a hand to his own leaking cock, stroking it hard as he watched Harry’s face.

“Come here,” Harry begged. “I want to suck you.”

Snape positioned himself near Harry’s head, his hand continuing to pummel into Harry with the candle. Harry eagerly raised his head and latched onto the tip of Snape’s cock, sucking and slurping around the head.

Snape gasped and pushed, further manoeuvering his length into Harry’s willing throat. Harry suckled and hummed as he felt himself clench around the candle. He was so close, so very fucking close…

“Enough,” Snape breathed and pulled out of Harry’s mouth. He sat back on his knees and increased the tempo; pounding the candle into Harry’s arse fast and hard. Harry squirmed and his back arched impossibly off the bed. Snape’s hand dropped to his shaved cock and he wanked himself furiously, his hard eyes focussing on Harry’s pleasure.

“I’m going to come,” Harry moaned.

“Yes,” Snape hissed, biting his lip as his hand slapped hard against his hairless balls with every down stroke.

“Come for me, Severus. Come all over me,” Harry begged.

“Yesss,” Snape moaned, raising himself onto his knees.

“Come all over my face,” Harry keened and with a yell, Snape did, thick streams of come spattering all over Harry’s face. Harry opened his mouth and stuck out his tongue, hoping to catch some of it. He tossed his head back and forth, letting himself be covered in the warm droplets.

When Snape’s orgasm had been wrung out of his body, he sunk down on Harry’s cock, sucking hard and wrenching the candle in Harry’s hole. Harry came bucking and screaming as he emptied himself into Snape’s willing mouth, his arse clenching tightly around the thick candle.

He felt himself soften and Snape slithered up his body, pressing his lips to Harry’s. Harry opened his mouth willingly and he opened his eyes in shock as he felt his mouth be filled with his own come, the flavour and amount overwhelming. Harry gasped and some of it dribbled out of his mouth. Snape pressed on, his mouth a hard pressure on Harry’s, his tongue swirling and thrusting hard, so Harry had no choice but to swallow. He wrenched his mouth away from Snape’s and gasped hard, swallowing huge gulps of air as Snape’s clever tongue licked and cleaned up the come that had sprayed across his face.

“Fuck…ing…hell,” Harry said after a few minutes had passed and his heart had returned to a more sedate beat. Snape continued to nuzzle, wet licks teasing his sensitive skin.

“A new experience, I take it?” Snape said smugly, lowering his body and resting his head on Harry’s sweaty chest.

“I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again – you’re too fucking good Snape.”

“You’re not a bad little bottom yourself,” Snape replied, giving Harry’s nipple a teasing nip.