Afterward, Harry realized that it was more evidence that he lived a charmed life, because miraculously he had woken before Snape to make tea, and his soon-to-be-ex-wife hadn't found him buggering their old and theoretically dead Potions professor.

At the time, though, he was completely unsettled, hearing her key in the lock and her distinctive step on the stair. Yes, he realized, even the way she turned a key had a characteristic sound -- he knew her so well.

"Ginny!" he said, and automatically grasped her by the elbows and kissed her cheek. "I wasn't expecting you." It was, after all, the last Sunday before Hogwarts, and he thought she'd be enjoying every last moment with the children before she put them on the train.

"Harry," she said, and he could hear tension in her voice. "Have you completely lost your mind? It's -- Isn't it sick enough to Polyjuice some whore to look like -- do you have to expose our children to that --"

"What?"

"Lily told me that you introduced someone to Albus that you said was Severus Snape! Harry! How could you?"

"Do you honestly believe I would lie to Al?" Harry did not want to raise his voice to Ginny, but at the same time he wanted to be absolutely certain that Severus could hear them talking in case he planned to come downstairs. Harry wished he could guess whether Severus was likely to remain hidden upstairs or put in a glowering appearance lest Ginny should try to convince Albus that his father had deceived him. It was still impossible to guess what Snape might do or say in most situations.

Still holding Ginny by one elbow, he steered her toward the kitchen. "I was just making tea -- come have some." Fortunately, Harry had not yet removed the cups from the cupboard, so Ginny wouldn't have to know he had expected someone else to share it. "I haven't lost my mind, and I would hope you know me well enough by now to know that I wouldn't pretend anything of the sort with Albus. Snape is back."

Ginny's lips thinned. The hard look that Harry had once loved, which had made her seem so strong and determined, now seemed unyielding and somehow selfish.

"Harry," she began, sounding a bit like her mother about to launch into a lecture. "I'm sure you...Snape is dead. You're the one who told everyone, and Hermione agreed. Whatever you think you saw..."

"I'm not a complete idiot," Harry interrupted. Of course he had known that he would have to tell Ginny -- probably he should have told her before he introduced Severus to Albus -- but he had not expected her to react so strongly. He tried to keep irritation out of his voice, moving to fetch the cups and sugar so that he wouldn't have to look directly at her.

"My first thought was that he was an Inferius or something created by magic. But in this case, the simplest answer really is the correct one. Snape never died. He went into hiding. It's why they never found his body. And he's come back."

"Then it's even worse," Ginny said. "How you can possibly be having an affair with--?"

"We're getting divorced, love," Harry said, "We said it was all right to see other people." He poured the water into the teapot and stood looking at the cups. "Wait a minute. Did Albus say that I was with Severus? We didn't act like -- we didn't kiss or anything."

Ginny made an impatient noise. "Harry, you're such an innocent sometimes. Do you think children can't tell?" She stood up and began pacing the room. "You clearly don't know many gay men. They almost never kiss in public -- do you think people can't tell anyway?" She kicked the fridge door that sometimes got propped open and muttered the spell to keep the food from spoiling. "I wouldn't be surprised if it were someone under Polyjuice -- someone trying to gain your trust."

When had Ginny started to doubt him when it came to magic? Harry had to concede that he'd made many mistakes during their marriage, and he knew that he had hurt her, putting the Ministry and their children first at times when she had needed him to be there for her, but as an Auror he had been a pretty good judge of people and their motives. He hoped that she was just angry. "I don't know why I can never persuade you that I know what I'm doing," he said.

"Because you don't! You're powerful, and lucky, and very kind," her voice softened on this last, "and you never know what you're doing."

"Look, I don't know what you're on about. Albus let slip to me that you have a boyfriend already."

"Yes, I have a boyfriend, not a girlfriend, someone my own age, not twenty years older, and someone alive."

"Do your parents know, too? Was it -- this isn't why you wanted to separate, was it?"

"No, they don't, and no, it wasn't," Ginny said. She looked at him and her eyes filled with tears. "I'm sorry, Harry, I thought you were hoping we could patch things up. I didn't mean to hurt you." He handed her the box of tissues. "Now you've distracted me," she complained. "I don't want you to expose the children to this -- whoever he is."

A moment had passed, Harry realized, when it had become too late to patch things up. When he had known he wanted Severus more than he wanted Ginny, even if it wasn't what was best for the children. But that didn't give her the right to give him ultimatums.

"I don't think you have a leg to stand on here, Ginevra. Al already told me that he and Lily want to come stay with me if you marry your whoever-he-is. Whom I wouldn't have brought up to you if you weren't lecturing me. He's Snape, and he's -- well, in some ways he's the same as ever, but he isn't Albus's teacher. Talking to him isn't going to hurt them."

"They need you to be their father, Harry! To act like their father. Not to go chasing after someone who knew your mother briefly, a long time ago. You've never let go of that, have you. You had a wife and children and you still..."

Harry couldn't help it; he started to laugh. "You should talk to Severus. You both think I'm still looking for my parents."

Ginny crumpled the tissue and tossed it into the rubbish bin. As always, it was perfectly thrown. Ginny was still slim and athletic. She looked younger than her mother had at the same age.

"Then he's making more sense than you are," she said. "Did you talk to Luna?"

"Maybe we should both talk to her. We didn't discuss introducing the children to people we're dating. I'd be happy to know what she thinks."

"I meant about you." Ginny scowled as though Harry had deliberately misled her. "This...relationship. Al says..." She gritted her teeth. "Al says he makes you smile."

"By being amusing," Harry said. "He's not holding a wand to my head."

"Very funny. Draco said you--"

Harry rocked back in his chair. "Draco? You were talking with Draco Malfoy? About me? What? How did you -- did you just happen to run into him, or is he the boyfriend?"

Ginny bit the inside of her cheek, and took a breath. "He's the boyfriend."

"Bloody hell, Ginny!" Harry laughed and shook his head. "Bloody hell. Your brother is going to shit a brick."

"It's none of his business and don't be vulgar."

Harry kept shaking his head and smiling. "We are in so much trouble." Then he heard himself and his throat got tight as he corrected, "Not we. I didn't mean to say we."

"Oh, Harry, Ron isn't going to blame you."

"Of course he will, you know he will." Harry blew his nose. He was not quite crying and and not quite laughing at the same time. "My best friend is going to blame me that his sister is going out with Draco Malfoy! Except you probably told Hermione already."

"No I did not." She scowled heavily -- a very Severus-like expression, he reflected. He heard Severus' light tread on the hallway carpet a floor above them.

"Can we say 'pax' on the boyfriend question?" Harry asked quickly. "I think this is something we should discuss with Luna, really."

"You can discuss it with her. Draco says it's too much like Muggle therapy, and I agree."

"Draco? I can see where you might fancy him, but is he really a paragon of mental health and wizardly virtue?"

She stared at him. "It's true, it must be Snape. I've never heard you talk like that before."

"And I've never heard you object to anything because it was too much like something Muggles would do. What happened to Draco's wife? Their son is the same age as Albus, isn't he? I'm surprised divorce isn't something too Muggle for Draco to consider."

"He wasn't the one who asked for one. Harry, this isn't your business."

Again Harry laughed. "You came storming over here to lecture me about Snape, but it isn't my business whether the new boyfriend of the mother of my children is properly divorced? You aren't being fair, Ginny." He ran a hand through his hair, took a sip of the now-cold tea and stood up to make some toast. Quarreling always put him in the mood for sweets and there was strawberry jam in the pantry.

"What do you mean, you can see where I might fancy him?" asked Ginny guardedly.

"Draco can be quite charming when he wants to be. He's good looking and he loves Quidditch." Glancing over, Harry saw that Ginny's mouth was twisted. "It's that Severus is a man, isn't it. Not the age difference or the..."

"A spy! Who killed Dumbledore! And who disappeared for twenty years!" Ginny's voice was loud enough to carry upstairs, nearly as loud as Mrs. Black's had been when her portrait dominated the hallway. "And I'm not going to pretend that...bloody hell! All those years we were together...were you gay?"

He frowned. "I don't know what that even means."

"Did you just sleep with me to -- I don't know, to make me happy, or to have children?"

She looked so unhappy that he couldn't bear it. "No...Ginny, you know I didn't even want to separate. I was willing to make a go of it. I still -- I love you. I just--"

She shook her head. "I should have realized it had something to do with your sexuality."

"There's nothing wrong with my sexuality!"

She rolled her eyes. "He's not here now, is he?"

"Yes, as a matter of fact, he is."

"Here, in our house?"

"Ginny, for Merlin's sake, how can you say that when you left me to date the likes of Draco Malfoy?"

Her wand sparked and flamed, and she gave a little shriek of frustration, stamping her foot as she Disapparated.

He could hear that Snape was standing behind him. "I didn't handle that well, did I?"

Snape was chuckling -- a welcome sound. "Yes, I think that if you prefer a decrepit old man twenty years your senior to that beautiful, athletic young firebrand of a witch, you're probably gay."

Harry smiled. "You're better in bed," he said. "Anyway, life isn't only fucking."

"Isn't it?" Snape put his arms around Harry from behind. "The way you go on, I thought it was."

"Ha bloody ha," Harry said, turning in his arms and kissing him. "There are personality issues."

"Oh, I see," Snape said, his eyebrows raised. "You prefer me to her based on my personality."

"It's not that I prefer -- all right, listen. I don't prefer you to anyone. I am in love with you."

Severus got that look he didn't like for Harry to see, where his cheeks went pink and his nostrils flared and Harry always thought for a moment that he might say it back. "People don't choose life partners based on being in love. Malfoy certainly didn't -- there are only a handful of families whose daughters would have been acceptable to his parents."

"Ginny's family certainly isn't one of them." Harry kissed him again. "And look how Draco's marriage turned out -- you heard Ginny talking, right?"

He felt better about everything standing here with Snape in his kitchen, feeling Snape's arms creep around him almost furtively. Snape was remarkably uninhibited when there was sex on offer, but when it was just cuddling, he acted like he was just going to rest his hands on Harry's waist or let his chin drop onto Harry's shoulder, just for a moment.

There was a knock at the door.

"What the hell...!" Harry's first thought was that it must be Ginny again, but he doubted that she would have knocked. If she'd let herself in once, she'd have done it again.

Severus chuckled again. "Perhaps she told her brother and he's come to shout at you."

Harry sighed. He had really been looking forward to strawberry toast and riding Severus's cock till they both came. "I suppose I had better find out."

He left Snape drinking lukewarm tea and went to answer the door. Draco Malfoy was standing on the other side. His cloak was buttoned unevenly, as if he had left in a great hurry, and his hair was messier than Harry had ever seen it outside a Quidditch pitch.

"Potter," he said in a strained voice. "Is it true...is he really...?"

"Why did Ginny tell you where our house was? What was she thinking?" Harry did the thing with his hair that made it stick straight up and then caught himself and tried to smooth it down. "Come in, Malfoy, you might as well."

"Is it true?"

Harry nodded and ushered him up the stairs to the kitchen, where Severus stood, holding a teacup. He put it down, his eyes widening slightly.

"Draco," Severus said. Draco fell on him, weeping.

Harry watched him gingerly patting Draco's back, and mouthed, "If you kiss him, I will kill you." He mimed slitting his throat. Severus rolled his eyes. Finally he held Draco at arm's length. Draco wiped his face in his hand. Harry handed him a tissue.

"It's a bit of a shock, isn't it," he murmured.

Draco nodded. Then he turned to Harry. "It is really him, isn't it? It's not some bloke you've Polyjuiced to look like him?"

"What was the name of your stuffed rabbit that you slept with in first year?" Severus asked. "Do you recall which not-quite-illegal charm you used to stop Theodore Nott from stealing it, and the lines I made you write for casting it?" Harry smiled helplessly.

"Professor, please," Draco said.

"Oh, Malfoy, bloody hell," Harry said. "The entire wizarding world knows about my sleeping habits, and every embarrassing thing that happened to Severus. You're sleeping with my wife -- I think we can share a little something about your bunny."

"I'm not sleeping with her yet." Malfoy snapped his lips shut and he reddened, and then looked grim. "She wants to wait until your divorce is final." He looked disapprovingly at Harry's bare chest under his dressing gown, and at Severus' bare feet.

"Huh." Harry nodded. "Well, at least that's one reason fewer for my brother-in-law to kill me."

"You married her for that," Draco said accusingly. "You married a perfectly beautiful, powerful, intelligent witch in order to be able to call Ron Weasley 'my brother-in-law.' Why not just let her mother adopt you and have done with it?"

Severus laughed. Draco stared at him. It was weird how much Harry was enjoying this. He liked seeing poised Draco Malfoy unsettled, but he was also feeling again what it had been like to see Severus Snape, the dead martyr, alive and laughing. Draco hadn't insulted Harry in years, and he was enjoying that, too.

"Sit down, Malfoy, and have some toast." Harry grinned to see Draco obey so quickly, and again to see Severus crossly hand him a napkin, as Severus would have done to Harry if Harry had failed to put one in his lap. Severus wouldn't have been scowling if he hadn't been touched by Draco's greeting.

"Were you ever planning to tell me you were back?" Draco demanded, scooping jam onto his toast with a knife. "I realize I don't have Chosen One credentials..."

Severus made the face he used to make when looking in Neville's cauldron. Harry sat down at the table with him, bringing a teacup for Draco, trying to hold in his smile.

"And you, Potter -- you could have told me," added Draco.

"Because we've spoken so often in the past fifteen years. You should be thanking me -- you know I'm the reason Ginny told you. What did she say when you took off to see us?"

"Threw her arms in the air and threatened to curse me." Draco lifted his cup in a toast to Ginny. "Don't think she was really surprised, though. Snape saved my life."

"So did I," Harry reminded Draco, who had fixed Severus with an adoring look that made Harry rather grateful that Draco was dating Ginny.

"This is ridiculous," Severus muttered.

"Are you going to tell Draco that you're not a father substitute and he's silly to cry over you, like you told me?" Harry asked him.

"He was weepier than you were as a child."

Draco looked from Harry to Snape, and then grinned. Harry grinned back.

"I have mixed feelings about all this--" Draco gestured between the two of them, "but I must say, on some level it does make sense."

"Oh, I'm so pleased you approve," Snape said.

Draco bit into his toast, and chewed thoughtfully. He took a sip of tea. "Did Molly Weasley make this jam, Potter?"

"Of course."

He nodded. "I can see why my mother was jealous of her."

Harry could not close his mouth. He watched Draco eat a piece of toast and drink his tea, and generally compose himself.

"Professor, will you come to see my family? I know that my parents would love to -- and I want my son to meet you." He choked up again, and looked surprised at himself, and drank another sip of tea.

Snape, still leaning against the kitchen wall, nodded. Draco rose and embraced him again, gulping a little. Then he turned to Harry, and looked a bit at a loss. With as much savoir faire as he could muster, Harry shook Malfoy's hand.

With a nearly inaudible crack, Malfoy Disapparated.

"I don't believe it," Harry said.

"What? That Draco Malfoy was pleased to see me? That he's dating your wife? That she won't sleep with him?"

Harry put more slices of bread under the toaster. "Oh no, I believe all that. No -- that Narcissa Malfoy was jealous of Molly."

"I rather think it was her seven healthy children that Narcissa coveted than her domestic skills."

Harry buttered his toast and spread it with jam. He put a piece on his own plate and one on Severus's. "It is very good jam," he said.

"Cissy always liked children. She's going to dote on your three." Harry choked a little, and Severus patted him on the back. "Especially little Lily."

Harry took a sip of tea. "Why, because she's a girl?"

"Because she's a Slytherin."

Harry started to laugh. "She had to have tricked Al into telling her about you."

"Of course."

"Are you going to go meet Draco's son?"

Severus opened the refrigerator. Sharp cheddar and some strawberries floated over to the table. He got a knife and sat down, cutting slices of cheese and placing them in a row on his plate.

"I suspect that Draco is telling his parents right now," Severus said. "You may soon hear the entire House of Malfoy banging on your door."

"Then it's a good thing I have tea already brewed," Harry said lightly. "You can help me slice the strawberries." Severus speared a bit of cheese with his fork. "You told Al you weren't a secret."

"I must visit Minerva. If she learns that I visited with the Malfoys without letting her know that I was here..."

"Invite her over too. Anyone you want." He watched Severus continue to stab at his food. "You can't expect me to believe you were sorry to see Draco. Even I wasn't sorry to see him, exactly, though I had better not catch you snogging him."

It had the intended effect; Severus smirked. "I wouldn't dare. Who knows what Ginevra might do to me."

Harry grinned back. He licked his finger and picked up toast crumbs from his plate. "They all know you're here," he said as casually as possible, shrugging a bit. "You could bring your things. Catch up with people."

"'Dear Minister Shacklebolt, I hope that you are well. I am alive and have made Potter my catamite. If you have a moment to issue a formal pardon for crimes committed...'"

Harry hooted with laughter. "Catamite!" he repeated. "That's my life's ambition, to be your catamite."

Severus looked at his handiwork. "What was your real life's ambition?"

"What was yours?"

They were both stymied. "I asked first," Severus said after a bit.

"To have my own home -- to feel at home," Harry said slowly. "Wait, let's take the plate of strawberries and cheese upstairs to eat in bed." He held out his hand to Severus, who took it and made the plate float in front of them.

When they had settled on the bed, Harry's head in Severus' lap, he said, "Now you. What was your real ambition?"

"To be recognized -- to be seen and heard."

"How about felt?" Harry said, squeezing his thigh. Severus was ticklish and jerked away. Harry sat up. "If you wanted recognition, why have you been hiding for twenty years?"

"What kind of recognition would I get for the things I've done? Aside, of course, from legal proceedings."

"I think you are the bravest person I've ever met," Harry said.

"That means something to me," Severus said, looking away from him. "But I don't understand it. You had to be braver at seventeen than I did for most of my adult life."

"You did what Dumbledore asked -- all of it." Harry rubbed his fingers up and down Severus's arm. He twitched slightly but did not pull away again. "You watched so many people die. You might have had to watch Draco die, and his parents."

"And you."

Harry sat very still. Tears stung his eyes, but after Draco's display he was a bit embarrassed to subject Severus to more weeping. "I thought you said you didn't care. When Dumbledore asked you if you cared about me, you said that it was all for my mother. Your Patronus...everything."

"He had already planned to sacrifice you for the greater good. I don't know why that surprised me at the time -- I always knew how ruthless he could be." Severus brought his free hand over Harry's on his arm, holding his fingers there. "You had a piece of Voldemort's soul inside you."

"You didn't want to like me. You looked for ways to see my father in me."

Severus was silent for a moment. "I suppose I'm lucky that we both lived to see each other grow up a bit since then." He inhaled. "Though I suspect that if I hadn't made myself hate you then, I wouldn't be able to love you the way I do now."

Then Harry couldn't hold back the tears any more. It was like when James was born and he first held him, and thought, "Now I'll have a family." He couldn't even speak. It was only a minute or so, but it felt like all the tears in the world, finally let out.

Severus froze for a moment -- Harry felt it -- and then he moved in close and put his arms around Harry.

"Sorry," Harry said, and hiccupped a little. "I didn't even cry like that when you died." He swallowed. "I didn't cry like that when anyone died."

Severus kissed him. It was one of those kisses that had to taste of snot and tears, but Harry didn't care. He tried to put everything into it. Then he thought he'd better just say it. "I love you too," he said.

"I know, you've said," Severus replied.

"All right, good, now we're clear." Severus had moved from kissing his face to his neck, and licked his Adam's apple. He pulled Harry into his lap, where Harry could rub against him.

"It's just post-coital tristesse," Harry told him, and began to laugh.

Severus's chest quivered against his. "You can't have post-coital tristesse until you fuck me."

The plate of cheese and fruit floated off the bed and out of sight. Severus opened Harry's dressing gown and slid it off his shoulders. He shivered, and did it again when Severus licked one of his nipples then breathed over it to make it stiffen. Harry tried to thrust against Severus's belly but the angle wasn't working. "I can't fuck you unless you lie down."

They moved apart to toss what they were wearing over the side of the bed. Severus shifted away from the headboard and leaned up on his elbows as Harry crawled over him, rubbing their cocks together.

There was a loud bang at the front door, followed by several raps of the knocker. "That will be the Malfoys," Severus muttered.

"We're not at home."

"Draco will know why we aren't answering the door."

"Good -- then we won't have to explain later." Severus's cock was twitching up against his and Harry moaned, thrusting to one side of it, into the wiry pubic hair. "I'm not leaving this bed until we've consummated this...this whatever-it-is."

"I'm not consummating anything on my back," Severus announced.

Harry rolled them over so that Severus was on top of him. "What if I bottom? It's my turn. Only fair."

Severus made a resigned, long-suffering face. "Oh all right," he said, and Harry laughed, and Severus kissed him again. Harry knew how much he loved to top in this position. Severus put his fingers in Harry's mouth, and then used them to tease his arse. He used a non-verbal spell and Harry felt his arse get all wet.

"Suave," Harry gasped. There was still knocking downstairs. Severus crooked one of his fingers and found Harry's prostate. "You have to fuck me now, please. Please. I want you so badly." Harry pulled his legs up.

"You're just saying that to get me to fuck you," Severus said. He was moving his fingers in and out. He withdrew them and thrust in with his cock, bending Harry's body double.

Harry tried to keep talking in the way that seemed to get Severus more turned on. "Fuck me, yes, I love your big prick in me," but soon he couldn't speak. Fucking like this seemed to fill the space behind his cock, so that not only his arse but his cock and balls were full of Severus's cock. Every thrust made him grunt a small huff of air, made his cock bounce against his stomach, made him feel like he was going to explode.

Severus could last a long time, long enough to fuck an orgasm out of Harry without touching his cock. Harry's voice got louder as the bed creaked and Severus leaned into him. "Oh," Harry cried. He came, and came, and trembled, a long orgasm protracted by Severus's thrusts, and then Severus shouted his name and collapsed on top of him, panting.

"Have I earned my post-coital tristesse now?" asked Harry eventually, once he had let his legs down and Severus had slipped out to lie on top of him.

"Only if you insist. I have heard enough bawling for one morning." Severus had his face crushed against Harry's collarbone. It was uncomfortable, but not enough to make Harry move. "Listen. They've stopped knocking."

"Probably they heard us screaming and went home." Harry could feel himself smiling, a big grin that held his mouth open. He was thirsty -- he needed more tea, when he could be arsed to brew it.

"That was you screaming." The twitch of Severus's jaw along Harry's shoulder told him that Severus was smirking too. Severus was always unaccountably pleased with himself after making Harry come like that. "I shall need to owl them later. And Minerva -- I suppose I had better invite her out for a stiff drink."

"Invite her to come here. I haven't seen her in a long time." Harry's fingers had worked their way into Snape's lank hair and stroked through it lazily. "Does she know you're, um -- you like men?"

"Since I was sixteen. A Gryffindor and I were late returning from Hogsmeade."

Harry laughed aloud. "The Gryffindors when you were at Hogwarts were an ill-behaved lot."

"Unlike the typical Gryffindor paragon of virtue. You weren't still a virgin when you left school?"

"Of course I was. She had five older brothers. And I don't want to think about what her mother might have done to me if we'd been caught."

Severus lifted his head, dislodging Harry's fingers. "Just her and me, then?"

"Are we talking about sex, or people I was in love with?"

"Is it a different number?"

"Yes. Maybe. No."

Severus laughed. "I just can't believe a person with your good looks--"

Harry smiled and nodded enthusiastically. "I want to hear about my good looks, please."

"I'm sure you've heard before."

Harry shrugged. "Nah. Hermione once said I was 'fanciable,' though. Made Ron go all pink. I really don't think that's why people fall in love, do you?"

"How would I know? Voldemort didn't exactly encourage romance."

"Not -- not Dumbledore either," Harry admitted. "I'm sorry, Severus."

"Why are you sorry?"

"Sorry that you missed all those chances."

Severus shook his head. "I wasn't ready. I'm not sure I'm ready now, but -- a wizard has to act. One can't achieve greatness without risk."

"That sounds very Slytherin. Who said that?"

"I did," and he kissed Harry on the forehead.

Harry slid his fingers back into Severus's hair and pulled him down. "I'm only a little bit sorry...I'm also glad to have you to myself. Did I catch Slytherin from you?"

Severus snorted. "You're the expert at getting what you want."

Harry thought again of Ginny, and how careful he had been for so long not to mess things up with her and her family. He and Ginny had each married someone who had seemed just like what they should have wanted.

This morning, Harry was sure, Ginny had finally seen who he was now. He wondered whether she had ever seen Draco cry the way Draco had done in the kitchen earlier, and what she would have thought had she been there. Maybe it wasn't that she hated tears...maybe she had got the idea that Harry did, from back when they were seventeen, no, eleven, and they had both acted accordingly.

"I want to ask you if we can have a -- dinner," Harry said. "Like a party. With my children and Ron and Hermione's family, and Minerva and the Malfoys if you want." And Teddy, and maybe Neville if it was possible at this point to convince him and Snape to give it a try. Neville would do it if Harry asked, but he still didn't know what Severus would say.

"I despise gatherings," Severus announced, predictably, though his voice was muffled because his face was against Harry's shoulder.

"I just thought it might be better than having a long series of people knocking at the door. Everyone will know soon. I'd rather not get interrupted again."

Severus shook his head. "No, that doesn't make sense. One at a time. If you have to tell someone 'Sorry, I pretended to be dead for twenty years,' they aren't going to be pleased to hear it at a party."

"Why not? A party to celebrate that you are alive."

"One at a time. Or two, if they are a couple. Not all at once. Minerva first, and I want to write to her and have you speak with her, so she doesn't hex me on sight as I so richly deserve."

If Severus was considering the best way to do it, that meant it would happen.

"Are you going to come to Hogwarts during the semester to see Minerva?"

"No, I'm going to come to Hogwarts during the semester to see you. I'll take a room in Hogsmeade."

"You will?"

Harry could feel Severus tense under his hand. "I thought you would want that."

"Oh God, I would love it! I didn't think -- I was afraid to ask anything like that." He tried to lean back to look at Severus's face, but the pillow thwarted him. "Would you ever think about teaching again?"

"Don't push it. I'm willing to see your children and Malfoy's if I must."

Harry grinned. It was far more than he had expected or hoped for. "Will you get a job? Or do you have savings?" He wasn't sure any of this was his business, but he did feel quite certain that Snape would tell him if that were the case.

"I'm a bit young to retire. I've made inquiries at Dervish & Banges -- I expect you know that Dervish has passed on and young Banges doesn't have a clue how to run a shop. He's agreed to allow me to take over the repairs division. The hours are flexible. Business is slow in the summer with nearly everyone gone from Hogwarts."

Harry felt elated and choked up. He took breaths through his nose so as not to subject Severus to any more tears. "That's what you really want to do? It's not just...you won't start resenting me?"

Severus sat up. "Please. I am an adult. If I start resenting you -- no. If I decide that I still resent you, I'll do what I've always done."

"Insult me and be a complete arse?"

"Exactly."

"Jolly good," Harry said.

"You said you wanted to be with me. Don't come crying to me if I'm an impossible old bastard."

"Generally when you get too impossible, it means I owe you a blowjob."

"You don't owe me a blowjob. Nobody owes someone a blowjob." Severus sounded sleepy. Harry lay down and opened his arms.

"Come snuggle with me. School starts this week, and it's our last chance for a bit to have a post-coital nap in the middle of the day."

"Especially as now everyone knows where I am," Severus grumbled, but Harry could see how quickly he got them settled in each other's arms.