Michael had been standing in line with Ted, waiting to get seated in the Diner for five long minutes, when he realized he'd been asked a question. "Huh? What? I'm sorry?" 

Ted was eyeballing Debbie Novotny as she wandered back and forth, ignoring the very fact she could hear his mouth watering. "I, uh... asked you if you knew if Brian or Emmett were joining us..." He let his eyes catch Debbie as she walked by him, yet again. "Because if it's just gonna be us, then we could..." He tried to see above and around the cash register. "... there are some seats at the counter free."

Michael had his hands stuffed in his pockets. They were sweaty and shaking with fear. In under a short period of time, he would be seeing Brian again. He had counted down the hours, minutes and seconds all morning. All night he couldn't sleep in his bed, burrowing in the couch, numbly vegetative in front of the TV screen. He woke up achy and sniffle-ly, hoping he wasn't coming down with a cold. By the time he had showered and dressed, he was better. He even had a few nice moments in the shower, recalling the exact times he'd cum hard, and harder, with every thrust of... whoa...

Michael squeezed his eyes shut, leaning into Ted's arm. "Regular booth is fine with me, Ted. I can wait."

Debbie had three plates in her hands, passing the line of patrons waiting to be seated. One of them being her son and his best friend, Ted. "I'll be with you boys in a jiff." She delivered the plates, strolling over to caress Michael's rosy cheek. "My, my... you look lively this morning, sweetie. Someone must've fucked you right last night." She pinched his loose skin, chuckling as he blushed.

"Ma!" Michael lowered his eyes, ashamed by his Mom's loud mouth and gum chewing. "I'd like you to leave me with some semblance of dignity before I die."

Ted wasn't budging, nor cracking a smile. "You said 'five minutes'... ten minutes ago, Deb." He made it seem like it was impertinent he get seated right away before he began to turn to cannibalism.

"You know we're always busy at this time of the morning. Plus... we're short staffed today and..."

Ted put up a hand to make Debbie "shush". She blinked in shock, Michael backed up a few steps, knowing the "swat" might come out soon. "Spare me the excuses. I'm just hungry."

Debbie paced away, flying behind the counter to pick up something for Ted. "Here..." She threw Ted a big delicious Granny apple. "... chew on this! It's on the house."

Ted frowned, thinking if he closed his eyes tight enough maybe he could imagine the six stack buttermilk pancakes underneath the apples and cinnamon topping. He took the apple in hand, spinning the stem around between his thumb and index finger. He muttered under his breath as he broke off the short stick. "Damn!"

Michael was momentarily stunned to quiet. Then he smirked and began to chuckle. "What in the world did you just do?"

"Old superstition my grandmother taught me. Take the stem of any fruit... pear, apple, whatever... twist it between these two fingers..." Ted slowly demonstrated. "... recite the alphabet and whichever letter you land on, once the stem breaks... that's the name of your true love." He fogged up the skin to shine it on his jacket.

Michael shook his head, one side of his mouth quirking. "Did it work?"

"Nope." Ted shrugged as if bad luck was a normal companion to his way of life.

"What letter did it land on?" Michael was only asking to keep conversation going besides discussing how hungry Ted was.

" 'K'..."

Michael's eyes widened, he smiled shyly. "Can I have it?"

Ted squinted his eyes in perplexity. "Why? It's trash."

Michael held out his palm. "I'll throw it away for you."

"Whatever. Knock yourself out." Ted plopped the puny stick in Michael's palm.

Some grumbling began to fluctuate threw the line.

"Excuse me... pardon me... comin' through... oh, that's not nice at all!" Emmett Honeycutt was attempting to squeeze through to the front of the line where his friends stood. "Excuse me!!" He re-wrapped his scarf dramatically around his neck, glaring at the paltry seconds who followed him in his wake. He turned his back on their scorn. "We waiting to be seated?" Being taller than both Ted and Michael, Emmett liked looking down on them. Being younger sucked, but being tall and quite dazzling was often the soothing salve. Until Brian Kinney showed up.

"Yeah... in FIVE minutes..." Ted made it a point to press out "five" fingers. "... 15 minutes ago..."

Debbie was walking by, then stood behind the register to ring up a receipt. "I heard that, Ted!"

The closer and closer the minutes ticked by to getting an actual, physical table, Ted attempted to behave himself. "Scrumptious apple, Debbie." He heard her smack her gum, as long as she was still a few feet away from him, in non-swatting distance, he felt calm. He blinked up at Emmett as he chomped on his apple core. "Do you know... if Brian's joining us?"

Emmett looked at Michael. "Why would I know this?"

Ted stared with slack jaw. "I'm just... there's some vacant seats at the counter..."

Michael rolled his eyes, already having had this conversation with Ted. "Ted, if you're hungry, go sit at the counter. I'm waiting for a booth."

Ted almost found himself pouting, no solidarity for his hunger. "Well... I don't want to sit all by myself." He turned to Emmett. "Can I interest you in...?"

Emmett shook his head, hands in his pockets. "Sorry, sweetie. Some days it's like booth or... Death."

Ted faced the front of the line, disgusted. "You two are no fun."

"Look who's talking!" Brian managed to have a clear path to the front of the line, not having to push his way through like Emmett had

Michael's body went tense and in hypersensitive mode. He was almost ready to cry, not able to bear another second waiting to see Brian's face, hear his voice or... feel his body. Now that Brian was here, he couldn't even look, touch or smell. He stared at the wall in front of him, reading something he'd probably read a million times before.

"Mornin', Brian." Emmett greeted his least favorite person with some glee, only because that was who he was in the morning.

Brian sidled up behind Michael, brushing their bodies together, like usual. "Ted..." He hooked an arm down Michael's chest, tucking him close. "... how many times has Deb said 'five minutes'?" He muttered like this was an old routine.

Ted nibbled on the disappearing apple core. "Three or four."

"Ted's hungry." Emmett spoke out to reassure Brian.

"I see that." Brian cleared his throat, not knowing how he'd react to having Michael in his arms after last night. Michael felt great, certainly not the normal way he used to feel, more aware. Brian could sense the shaking in the body beside him. Was Michael as nervous as he'd been? The arm slinked to encircle around Michael's neck. Brian bent low to block his face in front of Michael's mouth. "Where's my 'g'morning' kiss, Mikey?"

Michael ended up turning in Brian's embrace, fitting himself way more under his arm. He hesitantly looked up at hazel eyes. "Good Morning, Brian." His hand was rubbing Brian's back, over his long coat. He kissed Brian soundly on the lips.

"Ahhhh... that's better. Don't know about you losers, but my day just got brighter." Brian hugged Michael to his chest, intentionally causing the dark head to tuck into his neck. He secretly inhaled the cologne and shampoo, not recognizing either scent. He lifted his head, grabbing Michael's chin. He twisted and turned the face. "Missed you last night. Where did you go off to? Late night with the Professor, Mikey?" He let one eyebrow rise, daring Michael to defy him and speak a truth.

Michael raised wide eyes to Brian's face. What was he trying to do? He decided to play along, saved them from talking about a very complex, complicated story. "Yeah... uhm... sorry. Change of plans. The perils of running your own business and having a boyfriend who cooks." He shrugged his shoulders.

Brian teeter-tottered his head. "Blah-blah-bullshit-blah." He sighed, rubbing his tie under his suit jacket. "Babylon is never the same without you. My favorite dancing partner."

"Only thing in Babylon that does stay the same is... well, you, Brian." Emmett chimed in. He was used to seeing Brian hanging on Michael's body. Same shit, different day.

"Why... thank you, Emmett..." Brian smiled with dripping sarcasm. He went back to leaning on Michael, trying to bite his ear. Where before Michael would have playfully pushed Brian away, this time he let it happen, almost sinking into the face the teeth belonged to. Brian recovered Michael's mistake by using his nose to lift Michael's head back up. No one knew the mishap. "Tell that boyfriend of yours... you're welcome... " 

Michael reached up to grab for Brian's hand, dangling over his shoulder. "You can tell him yourself."

Brian was startled a bit. Was Ben here? He hadn't expected that to occur. "Oh?"

"Yeah. Ben might stop in for some breakfast with Lukas."

Emmett perked up, clapping his hands together. "Mmmmmm... new blood. Lukas... that sounds yummy. Is he cute?"

" 'Luke..." Ted was attempting to impersonate Darth Vader and failing on every level, but sucking at it. "... I AM YOUR FATHER.' " He got no hilarity support, except Brian's lone sniffle-snicker at how unfunny he was. 

Michael blinked at Ted, missing the Star Wars reference because of the fog in his head at being near Brian. He went back to looking at Emmett. "Luke is actually very attractive." He felt Brian pinch him, somewhere hurtful. "... ow... uh, if you like, uhm... blond... curly-haired... perfectly built... surfers."

Emmett paused, somewhat stunned. "Curly hair? Oh, baby... I'm already in love. How quaint. And a surfer?" He scrunched his nose at the idea. Some of the surfers he knew of were pretty scuzzy. "Hmmm... don't get many here in The Pitts. I mostly bump into them on vacations and stuff. Where did Ben dig this charmer up?"

Michael crossed his arms over his chest. The last few days, since first meeting Lukas, they'd actually had some decent conversations. "Ben and Luke roomed together in college. He's got a degree in marine biology, surfing's only a hobby. But he made a great professional career out of it, though."

Emmett seemed to get a little gloomy. "Oh... so he's Ben's age?"

Michael didn't know why that would be a problem for Emmett. "He might be younger than Ted."

"Everyones' younger than Ted." Brian grumbled, not sure he liked hearing how comfy Michael had gotten with Ben's visiting friend. Certainly not his cup of man.

"Fuck you, Kinney."

"Nice mouth, Schmidt!"

Debbie began her re-approach, pulling out her sales tablet.

"We know... FIVE MINUTES!!"

Debbie smirked at the chorus of her old standard mode of keeping customers at bay. "NO... you're booth's ready." She waved them on through. Then repositioned the red roped-off poles. "Not a chance, sugar pie!" There was no way she'd allow one more person to walk through without a table to sit at. Unless they didn't mind the counter.

Michael climbed into one side of the booth, sliding all the way to the wall. Before Brian could take a seat, Emmett slid in next to Michael. As Brian took off his jacket, Ted was about to snag the space across from Michael, but Brian caught him by the scruff of his shirt collar.

"Eh, eh, eh... brains and beauty before boring, Teddy." Brian wanted to at least be close enough to Michael to touch him without anyone knowing, even if it was under the table. He sent a sweet smile to Michael, who was taking off his own jacket. Brian noticed that Michael's clothes looked almost new. Then his eyes darted up to Michael's hair and gone were the flipped spikes in front. Why hadn't he seen that before? The dark waves were perfectly combed back from the forehead, the side burns neatly trimmed too. Skin pale and flawless around his cheeks and mouth. The new shampoo and cologne should have been Brian's first clue. Was Michael...?

Someone kicked him under the table.

"Ooops... sorry, Brian. I thought you were the leg of the table." Michael spoke between his unflinching lips. He was attempting to convey to Brian that he'd been staring at him, like a lovesick fool.

Debbie neared them with pencil poised. "Can I start any of you off with something to drink?"

Brian : "Coffee." 

Ted : "Cranberry juice and coffee." 

Emmett : "Orange juice."

Michael : "Milk." 

Debbie jotted everything down as quickly as she could, leaving plenty of room for their food order. "Anyone know what they want now?"

Brian pretended to open his mouth, but Michael kicked him again. He winced inwardly, holding Michael's "kicking" foot down with his own two feet. "I'll have some wheat toast... and a cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese."

"Michael?"

"Side of wheat toast and melon. Bowl of Frosted Flakes."

"Em?"

Emmett sighed because no one but him seemed to want a big breakfast. "Cowboy Special on the door."

Debbie nodded her head, cracking her gum down at Ted, who seemed to be perusing the menu all too deeply. "And you... dearest Theodore?" She mocked him with her white smile.

Ted paid her no mind, hearing Brian chuckle behind his hand. Did he really have to sit with Kinney all through his meal? "Cattleman's Special, with an extra side of bacon and sausage. Oh... and extra butter on the pancakes."

Debbie took the menu from him, slapping him lightly on the arm for busting her chops through his waiting period. She wandered away to pin the ticket on the Cook's spinning tray. "Order up!" She rang the bell, sending the wheel around.

"Jesus, Teddy." Emmett reached out to soothe Ted's hand. "Eat a snack before you go to bed. Or eat something light before you come here."

"I skipped lunch yesterday. It's like I haven't been able to catch up. I have a feeling today will be another hellish nightmare and I won't get away from my desk until way past the normal lunch hour."

"Lay off the gay Internet porn sites at work, Teddy." Brian muttered, his eyes moving to seek out Michael's eyes.

"I'm actually doing some constructive work, for once, Brian."

"Happy for you." Brian had moved his feet off Michael's "kicking" foot, bring them to his side of the bench. He slid off one shoe, wiggling his bare foot in the silk blend sock. He was tall enough to stretch his foot across to Michael's lap, without looking weird. He slinked up the knee, slowly. Michael fidgeted to look down. He raised sorrowful brown eyes to beg Brian not to torment him like this, but Brian shrugged. His foot slid up Michael's trouser inseam. He had to admit, Michael cleaned up nicely when he wanted to. This was more than a turn on... he wanted to fuck Michael right here on the table. Or maybe even under it.

Michael bit his bottom lip to keep from squealing in fear. Brian was inching toward his groin... and here came Debbie. Her eyes always alert to his facial expressions and eyes. She delivered everyones' drinks, then was about to turn around when she thought something was amiss. Michael thought she'd seen the foot he couldn't get rid of in his lap. 

Hands on her hips, Debbie squinted her eyes over at her son. "Michael...?" 

"Yeah, Ma...?" Michael tried to unwrap his straw, the hard way. He leaned over to grab his jacket to use as an extra shield.

"Didja git yur hair cut?" Debbie asked in earnest, knowing there was something "different" about her son today.

Brian tried to contain laughter behind his hand, his eyes watering. He coughed, reaching over to grab some sugar packets he would never use, simply needing to do something with his hands.

"No, Ma. I brushed it differently." Michael was able to breathe again when Brian let his foot rest in between his thighs. He kept trying to slide it off, but then Brian would bring up the other foot. It was a never ending loop-de-loop of feet.

Ted looked up, nodding his head. "It looks good on you, Michael."

Emmett leaned over to grab Michael in his cheek-to-cheek hug. "My little cutie-patootie. You looked good in whatever you put on or do to yourself."

Michael feared Emmett would come close enough to feel Brian's foot in his lap. "Ah-ha... yeah... aren't I just the most adorable thing in the world?" He tried to nervously laugh off the awkward moment.

"I'll agree with you there, Mikey." Brian winked over at Michael, never giving the fact away that they had done anything remotely different than before.

"Would you...!" Michael attempted to speak under his breath, wanting Brian to give it up already. He got the point.

Emmett began to talk about the gloriously tantalizing men he'd spent the night with at Woody's. "... I swear it was like fuckin' a mirror..."

Ted frowned, rolling his napkin into some kind of paper airplane or a hat. Just to keep busy with his hands. "Twins? And you didn't think I'd be interested?"

"Teddy..." Emmett spoke in his "mother" tone to Ted. "... you wouldn't answer your phone."

"I was asleep! Exhausted. I came home after seven and passed out on my couch."

Emmett patted Ted's hand on the table. "Yeah. Bringing you with me would have been loads of fun." He shrugged one shoulder. "Besides... they both liked me. I've never had that happen before. Kind of kinky."

"Speaking of kinky..." Brian spoke up, rearranging his utensils on his napkin.

Debbie arrived with Brian and Michael's food, since it was the easiest to cook on her side of the kitchenette. Brian got his toast and bagel with cream cheese. "You want jelly or butter, Brian?" She had some available in her apron pockets. Of course she also pulled out some other interesting things... like a cock ring and some condoms.

Ted blinked in fright. "Cleaning out the Lost-and-Found, Deb?"

Brian choked on his coffee, actually finding something Ted said pretty darn funny. The table was laughing more at Brian. Michael threw him his napkin, Debbie passed her son another one. She gave Ted the cock ring and Emmett a condom.

"Hey, Ma?" Michael situated the half of the melon in between he and Brian. "Want some? There's more than enough for both of us?"

"Yeah, baby?" Debbie turned back to face her son.

"Can I have another spoon?" Michael knew Brian was using his to stir his coffee.

"Sure."

Brian suddenly realized how cruel he was being to Michael. He dropped his foot, drawing both feet back to fit in his shoes. "I can use your spoon."

"I've got cereal, Brian." Michael shook his spoon at Brian. "I need my spoon."

"Well... okay then..." Brian began eating his dry toast.

Michael watched him crunch on it. "Sure you don't want some butter? Softens it up."

"I like it hard, Mikey." Brian spoke with his mouth full, spurting crumbs.

"Prick!" Michael spoke with such hilarity at the outburst, it never phased anyone.

Brian smirked, stretching out his legs, crossed at the ankles. Michael re-situated himself on the bench seat, stretching his own legs out onto Brian's ankles and calves.

Debbie brought out Emmett and Ted's first couple of plates, handing Michael his extra spoon. "Here you go, baby."

"Thanks, Ma." Michael was trying to savor the feeling of having Brian across from him.

"Ben on his way?" Debbie wiped her hands on her apron and vest.

"Maybe." Michael averted his eyes to concentrate on his food.

Brian kept his eyes plastered to the table surface, seeing Michael's arm laying beside his bowl, extended. His fingers down on the table top. At the mention of Ben, Brian grew a little shaky. Only because... a select few knew what went on last night. He hoped Ben had the decency to keep his mouth shut.

The Diner's door jangled, acknowledging that the line of waiting customers had dwindled down to almost nil. So anyone who walked in got prime booth space. The breakfast rush would end soon.

Ted was about to dig into his stack of pancakes when he caught sight of a new face having entered the building. "Holy Mary Mother..." He wiped at his mouth in case of drool-age

Brian flicked his eyes over, noticing Ben's friend standing in the doorway. He was waiting, looking up at the menu board for the day's specials.

Michael and Emmett turned to look as well.

"That's Lukas." Michael spoke out as he took a spoonful of cereal.

"That is Lukas?" Ted was simply amazed that the "surfer" could clean up so nicely.

Michael sat to glare at Ted. "Did I suddenly speak Spanish? That's what I said."

"Nah, but... I thought... well, even though you said..." Ted tried to speak.

"Hubba-Hubba... Let Rova Come Ova. My lands, he's a dish." Emmett turned to look at Michael. "He and Ben are just... uh, 'friends', you say? Do you mean... like you and Brian... are, uhm... friends? Or how everybody else is?"

Michael smirked, rolling his eyes at Emmett. He was trying to wait for Ben's arrival before he actually made any kind of move. Plus, he knew his time with Brian was limited again. He looked down at the table, as everyone else watched Lukas. Brian's fingers were now touching his. "Wha-?" He went quiet, raising heartsick eyes to Brian. "You all right?" He spoke softly, mouthing the words.

Brian shook his head. His fingers grappled for Michael's entire hand. He covered the side of his face. "If I don't get to kiss you properly... shortly... I'm gonna die."

"No... no, you aren't." Michael bit the side of his mouth. He wanted to mastermind some secret plan to hideaway somewhere. The more he looked across the table at Brian, the more kissing was becoming a very good idea indeed. "I love you. Be patient."

Brian nodded, unable to truly look directly at Michael's face. It was time for Michael to go play "boyfriend" with Ben. He had to let him go or make a scene, he couldn't do that to Michael. He leaned forward on the table edge, aching from the inside out. Jesus. He pushed to sit straight, knowing his "game face" had to be on. In a matter of time, this would be all over.

The door jangled again, Ben entering to stand behind Lukas.

Michael made Emmett move off the bench so he could get out. He wanted to welcome Lukas, wish a "good morning" to his boyfriend. Emmett slid back in, never missing a beat in his food consumption. Michael walked over to the front doorway. He was quick to hug Lukas more eagerly than Ben. Their "meeting" was awkward. He bent low in between both men, arms around their tall torsos. Blond heads were held low to respect whatever Michael was asking of them. Lukas nodded first, then Ben... as if he had a harder time agreeing with what Michael wanted.

Brian watched it all while he munched on his dry toast, slurping coffee. He wasn't even paying attention to what type of discussion was between Ted and Emmett. Probably had something to do with guys and sex, or maybe what they'd do if either got their hands on Ben's friend. Either way, he wasn't interested in joining in or listening to them. Which was why he wasn't paying attention when the trio of men... Michael in between the two tall blond friends, shading their booth... came over to introduce Lukas to them. Lukas had his fingers tucked in the back pockets of his jeans.

Michael had an arm about Lukas' waist. "Lukas Harrison... I would like you to meet my friends." A hand on Emmett's shoulder, he began with the worst of offenders when it came to meeting new people. "Luke... Emmett Honeycutt..."

"Pleased to meet you, sugah?" Emmett turned on all firing cylinders.

"Mississippi?" Lukas was good with accents. Almost too good, he made the young man nearly cry.

Emmett was stunned, blushing. "Why... uh, yes..." He put a palm to his fluttering heart. He quickly held out his hand, not wanting to be rude.

Lukas took the hand, turning it over to kiss the top of the skin.

Ben swatted Lukas behind the head. "Quit it, Luke!"

"Jamie... do you mind? " Lukas held Emmett's hand in between his two. "I'm tryin' to be gentlemanly."

Ben shook his head, clamping a friendly hand over Emmett's shoulder. "Don't believe it... for a second. He's a charmer and a bullshitter"

"Takes one to know one, huh, Jamie?" Lukas muttered above Michael's head.

Emmett went back to shaking Lukas' hand the regular fashion. "I appreciate the sentiment, Mr. Harrison."

"Call me 'Luke'."

Emmett demurely released Lukas' hand, dabbing at his mouth. “How long you in town for?”

"Until Jamie kicks me out."

"Oh... you live with Jam-... uh, Benjam... Ben..." Emmett was looking between both blond Adonis-es, attempting to breathe properly. Such images in his head of these two men, gorgeous and sandwiching him on both sides. WOW!

Ted rolled his eyes. "Oh, Lordy." He was simply aggravated that Emmett was smitten with another man in under twenty-five seconds or less of meeting him.

Lukas stared down at Ted. "Is there a problem?" He never lost his smile.

"No. Nothing that a quick lobotomy wouldn't fix." Ted held up his hand. "Ted Schmidt. And if you try kissing my hand, I'm gonna..."

Emmett put up a hand for Ted to shut up. He wasn't making a good first impression. He turned his eyes, sparkling them up to Lukas. "You're disturbing Ted's 'feeding time'."

"Ah. Understandable." Lukas raised his eyebrows, then hid his offered hand behind his back. He blinked, shifting his green eyes to Brian. "And you are...?"

Brian immediately shot his eyes to Michael. What the hell had Michael asked them to do? "Brian Kinney. Consider the handshake meant, but invisible."

Lukas turned to Michael. "What a great group of friends you have, Michael."

"They make me prouder every day." Michael shuffled over to Emmett. "Hand me my bowl and toast."

The booth directly behind where Brian and Ted sat was opening up. Lukas slid into the farthest bench. Ben climbed in, his seat directly Brian and Ted. Ben's eyes zeroed on Brian's handsome features and the wide hazel, doubtful eyes. Like he feared Ben was going to spill their secrets. "Brian..."

"Ben..." Brian stopped at the "childish nickname calling" he usually had on cue.

Their mutual curt nods of acknowledgment never gave off anything strange or different.

Michael slipped in after Ben. Ted actually moved around to sit with Emmett, which gave Brian free reign to lounge, if he wanted. What he did was draw his body to lean back against the wall, lifting his right leg to stretch out on the seat. He had an arm up around the back of the bench.

Michael was finishing up his breakfast, not realizing Brian was secretly watching him off-n-on. He was absorbed in one of Lukas' surfing stories off the coast of Maui.

Debbie finally made her way over. She bussed Ben's cheek over Michael's head. "So... who's the new guy, Benny?" She smirked, chewing her gum. Eyes to the side of her head, she managed to smack Brian's leg on the bench. "Shoes off my pleather, Brian!"

You could hear two feet go "plop" on the floor.

"I'm Lukas Harrison, ma'am." Lukas never batted an eyelash as he introduced himself to the outrageously attired waitress.

Michael almost choked on his spoonful of cereal, hearing Lukas use of formality with his mother.

Ben patted Michael's back, suddenly realizing that there needed to be another introduction. Michael wasn't able to talk much. He opened his mouth to do the honors, but he was pushed aside, by an arm from the opposite bench.

Brian felt frisky and a bit horny. He picked up the half-eaten melon on the plate he'd left for Michael. "Here, Mikey... have some of my melon." He turned to face Lukas, hanging over the bench, between Ben and Michael.

"Uh... thanks, Brian." Michael tried to cough out the clog in his throat. He felt one of Brian's hands muss the back of his hair, lightly scratching the scalp.

"Awww... don't mention it, friend." Brian patted Michael's chest, letting his hand slide up Michael's neck to his nape, where he tickled the shaved hairline. He sat back down, the correct way. His head aligned near Michael's head. Brian leaned back as far possible, making it seem like he was stretching his neck and muscles. He found that he could brush the dark hair on his temple, if he so desired. He sat sideways a bit, turning so he could put an arm along the back of the bench, in a different direction. His biceps and elbow joint resting against Michael's hair.

Michael simply shut his eyes in agony. Brian wasn't really being a pain in his ass, but he wasn't letting Michael chose the moment when they could be together again.

Brian slid back down to lean a little on the wall when Ted brought over some sections of the newspaper, he was relaxing in the seat, reading nothing important. He was on his third cup of coffee, Ted and Emmett boring him to no end. "I gotta go take a piss." He grumbled, fixing his suit to fit correctly. "Bathroom still back there, Deb."

Debbie stopped her chewing, jaw open. "Yes, Brian, where it's always been the last twenty-some odd years."

"Cool." Brian accidentally-on-purpose brushed by Michael, dropping a napkin in his lap. He'd written a note on it. He disappeared down the corridor through the shiny-silver door. He paced, making sure the cook didn't suddenly smack him in the head with the swinging kitchen door or that anyone else would be walking through to bother them. He moved to the bathroom door, trying the nob, just in case. It gave way. He slipped inside, hopeful that Michael had gotten his napkin SOS.

Michael had the napkin bunched in his fist. He didn't need to read it to know what Brian wanted him to do. So he waited for the right moment. "Hey, Ma...?"

"Yeah?"

"Did you get that birthday card for Vic?" Michael stood up to walk toward one of the empty stools at the counter, which got him up out from behind the booth.

"Yeah... I been telling ya for weeks to go sign the damn thing. It's in the back office. In my purse." Debbie was gonna go into some weird explanation, but she flittered her hand. "Oh... you know where it is. Just don't open the Emergency Exit door. Some people get confused back there."

"Okay..." Michael had waited until Lukas and Ben were being served their food. Even Ted and Emmett had gone on with their conversation as if Brian had left for good. "I'll be back." Too much commotion around the tables left him able to vanish without a trace. He slipped down the long thin corridor, hoping he didn't get hit in the head by the swinging kitchen door. He found the men's room and knocked on the reinforced steel.

"Yes! Who... is... it?!"

~~TBC...