The Flight by Lynn McDouglas ©2005 

Maybe it was the fact that we had been on a trip by ourselves for the
first time in a long while, leaving the kids with Mom...  Maybe it was 
the romantic location we were traveling to...  Maybe it was the 
anticipation of what I wanted to do to Dave once we got to the hotel in 
Puerto Rico...  Maybe it was just an active imagination on my part... 
or maybe this really happened and I was too shocked to let it 
completely register. 

It had started out bright and early, before the sun came up over our
frozen little town in Wisconsin that late January morning.  To Dave, 
this was just another business trip, but I was finally going with him.  
And the fact that this was in mid winter made it even that much 
sweeter.  I am sure he was smiling to himself at my enthusiasm.  Heavy 
jeans, long underwear, boots, sweaters and winter coat would soon 
disappear in preference for shorts and a tee or even a swimsuit.  We 
boarded the plane at 6:12 for the short hop to Chicago.  And after a 
short layover, we were headed to Philadelphia. 

"Explain to me again why we are going to Philly?" I said, all befuddled.


"It's the cheapest fare I could get for the both of us." 

"So we go to Puerto Rico through Philly, not through Miami or Orlando?" 

"That's just the way it works... sorry Honey, I don't know why it is
that way.  It just works that way.  It happens to me most of the time." 


On the flight to Philly, I noticed that after we got in the air and our
beverage was served Dave started to drift off in a daze.  I decided to 
stop asking so much and try to cuddle with him so he could get some 
sleep. 

"...to Philadelphia International Airport.  Thank you for traveling with
us..." We were bumped out of our slumber, realizing that we both had 
slept pretty well.  And it appeared we had arrived in plenty of time 
before our scheduled flight. 

As we got off the plane, Dave and I both headed for the restrooms, both
to change into more appropriate clothing for the upcoming tropical 
weather, and in order to do something nobody else could do for us... 

I checked myself in the  bathroom mirror before joining Dave outside,
seeing how well my shorts, tank and gauze shirt looked on my 5'7 frame. 
 Just enough showing to keep a hot-blooded male's [specifically my 
Dave's] attention during the 3 hour flight.  I wouldn't catch Dave 
dozing this flight! 

As I came out of the restroom, I noticed Dave was not his usual self. 
He was on the cell phone and obviously distracted.  I wandered over to 
him to catch his attention. 

"... No, you gotta tell them, I am headed down there today.  No, I am
not in my office to look any of that up.  Can't Harold do that?"  He 
nodded at me, and indicated we should move on to the gate.  Dave 
continued his heated discussion on our way there, and it was obvious to 
me that his attention would not be on me until this "crisis" - whatever 
it was - had been taken care of.  My heart dropped some as I heard him 
finish up.  "... Fine, I'll get it done on my flight and e-mail it to 
you when I get to the hotel! Anything else?" 

He continued to grumble into his phone as I noticed a long line at our
gate.  I tapped the shoulder of the gal in line in front of us to find 
out what was the matter.  She told me that they had announced that they 
were switching to a bigger plane, and would need to see everyone to get 
re-ticketed.  While Dave and I waited in line, I noticed her snuggle up 
with the guy she was with, arms around each other, and although they 
weren't doing anything overt, it was more than I was doing at the time, 
and definitely more along the lines I had hoped for...  I watched with 
a bit of jealousy as his hand slowly made its way to her ass and cup 
it, caressing her... 
Before I knew it, we had our new seating arrangements, and started the
boarding process.  As we boarded, Dave was still on his cell, 
frantically trying to get things taken care of so he could spend time 
with me.  He gave me the "I'm sorry" look, and I gave him a shrug - 
what else could I do?  Ended up the couple I had observed earlier were 
sitting right behind us.  Not that there was much that could go on, 
just the idea that they were going to be free to enjoy each other's 
company during the 160 minute flight. 

As I feared, as soon as he was able to, Dave let go of my hand and dove
into his computer work, isolated from the rest of the cabin in his 
window seat, his work piled on the seat between us.  The in-flight 
movie was some kid's movie, so I pulled the blanket up over me, put my 
seat back, closed my eyes and settled back to try to rest some.  As I 
snuggled into my pillow, I looked back through the small opening 
between my seatback and the one next to me, and there was that young 
couple snuggling. 

She had taken the window seat.  She had the window cover down, and they
had blankets on like me.  The arm rest between them was up and he had 
his head down in her lap, eyes closed like he was snoozing.  They 
looked so cute!  I stared at them for a while, wishing that had been 
Dave and I.  I dozed off for a while. 

I wasn't sure what had woken me up.  I was groggy and a little
disoriented.  The drink cart had been by, and Dave [bless his heart] 
had ordered a diet cola for me in case I woke up.  I took a swig, 
thanked Dave, who looked up from his work to give me a quirky smile as 
a means of asking forgiveness, and then snuggled back with my pillow.  
Something was still tugging at my subconscious - something was just not 
right... 

Then it began to dawn on me that there was something strange about the
way the couple behind me were cuddling.  He had his face towards her 
abdomen  instead of what I would have expected, away from her.  It was 
like he was breathing in the smell of her womanhood. 

The other thing I began to notice about them was that just as I settled
down, he would be back up again, whispering in her ear, then settle 
himself down again.  He obviously wasn't really trying to rest... So 
what were they up to? 

Then I noticed she looked a bit more like she was uncomfortable than
resting... She had her mouth open, like it was  hard for her to 
breath... and she had wedged herself into the corner between her seat 
and the bulkhead of the plane.  Yes, it looked like she was willing 
herself off the seat with her legs, pushing upwards... but why? 

My focus returned to his head, still facing her abdomen.  But now I
could detect some movement of the blanket... My eyes grew wide with 
understanding and disbelief as I realized he was fingering her right 
there in her seat on the plane! 

Glancing back up to her face, I could see she was straining to keep it
in check... ragged breath quietly coming out of her mouth, very slight 
tremors wreaking havoc on her body... 

And then, just as it seemed she couldn't last any longer, he raised his
head, nuzzling at her neck.  Her face showed the sweet pain of having 
her release postponed, disoriented at what had happened.  He kissed her 
neck and then moved further up to whisper in her ear.  Her eyes closed, 
I watched her shiver, and nod in response to his whispers.  I could 
barely make out her words as she whispered back to him "Yes...! God I 
want to cum! Do it, Hon!" 

I barely saw a smile on his face as he kissed her cheek before moving
down to his position in her lap.  Anyone else watching would have just 
assumed he was back to try and rest in her lap.  But from my prime 
position, I could see the results of her hubby fingering her under the 
blanket.  Her mouth opened again, and she braced herself in the corner, 
one arm on the armrest, the other on her hubby's back.  Her ragged 
breath slowly worked the blanket down off her chest, revealing her 
heaving chest and pointed nipples.  If I had had any doubts before 
then, I knew now she was turned on and ready to explode. 

Unconsciously, my fingers had made their way under the leg of my shorts
and knickers, and were stroking the swollen lips of my pussy as I 
watched.  The blanket near his head moved gently back and forth as I 
imagined his fingers working her pussy to a froth, like I needed.  Her 
body finally tensed.  She struggled to keep from being too obvious, but 
her legs and hips bucked a bit more than she had wanted as I saw the 
expression of ecstasy spread over her face.  Shortly thereafter a wave 
of calm came over her as she relaxed into her seat. 

As she relaxed, he once again sat up to nuzzle at her neck and whisper. 
She kissed him full on the lips, and then a deeper opened mouth 
passionate kiss, probing deeply into his mouth.  I found myself holding 
my breath as two of my fingers probed deep within me as I watched them 
kiss... 

She broke the kiss, then kissed him gently once more.  A smile spread on
her lips as she looked into his eyes.  She reached for his hand. 

My eyes must have given me away, but she looked right at me.  We made
eye contact.  With a smirk on her face, she lifted his hand and gently 
but discreetly sucked his fingers, doing it in such a way that only the 
three of us could see.  Knowing she was sucking her cum off his 
fingers, and knowing she knew I was watching sent me over the edge as 
my eyes went hazy and I drifted off to lala land... ________ 

"... and bring your seats into an upright position.  We would like to
thank you for choosing..." Dave was gently shaking me, trying to wake 
me up.  Such a nice dream... Oh, all right.  What?  We're here already? 
Wow.  I must have been out of it... 

We landed and stood after the plane stopped at the gate, waiting for the
doors to open.  I stowed my blanket, and grabbed my backpack from the 
overhead bin, and as I was slipping it on, I made eye contact with the 
gal in the seat behind me.  She smiled and winked at me, which made me 
blush.  She pulled her husband down and whispered in his ear.  His 
eyebrows raised, and then a wide grin spread across his face as he made 
eye contact and then looked me up and down.  I flushed.  Fortunately, 
Dave was there, stepping out into the aisle, giving me a hug, bringing 
me back to reality.  Aside from one e-mail when we got to the hotel, he 
was ready to spend time with me. 

And although he didn't know why, I was horny and ready to enjoy our
holiday with him on this lusty, tropical island!
