My First Time In Public
by tamisnudeagain

Her first time as a public exhibitionist.

I was raised in Central Arkansas. You know, the heart of the Bible Belt. I guess that is why I had such a hard time with figuring out my true fetish, being exposed in public.

After graduating from a small high school in Arkansas with honors, I accomplished the dream of every one of my classmates; got married to my high school sweetheart, got a job, and bought a house just a little ways away from Mom and Dad. Life was perfect until....

Little Rock was THE place to go for dinner and music. My husband and I went there often, just for a change of pace from Smallsville, Arkansas. One particular night we had a wonderful evening then started for home. Just outside of Little Rock, my husband non-chalantly said, "Why don't you take your top off?"

"HERE? In the CAR!!", I cried hysterically. "What if somebody sees me?"

"Then they will get to see the best looking breast in the state of Arkansas!", he said.

It was dark, there was no traffic, and the windows of the pick-up were tinted; but that did not cross my mind. Somebody would SEE me! I couldn't believe that the man I married wanted somebody to see his wife naked. I was terribly hurt, wondering if he thought I was a whore or something for everybody to enjoy. How dare he think that!

There was, however, something that stirred down deep inside me, something thrilling! Somebody might actually SEE me naked. It was a horrible thought, but it did intrigue me. By this time, hubby is starting to show signs that he is excited, too.

My hands shook so badly I didn't think I could get my shirt unbuttoned. An occasional truck passing by didn't help matters any, either. I took my shirt off, then tried to undo the clasp of the bra I was wearing. As soon as the latch popped, my nipples were already hard and pointing straight ahead! I was trembling all over...

Hubby then took my bra and shirt, tossing them into the back seat. I really felt vulnerable, and terrified about a trucker passing us and looking in, or, heaven forbid, we got stopped by the police?!! I didn't want to go to jail for this!!

With an evil grin, he unbuttoned my blue jeans and started playing 'down there'. It didn't take long to cum. By the time we pulled into the driveway of the house, I had cum three times.

Talking about it afterward, he told me that he loved the way I looked, and enjoyed it when other men got to look at me. At the time, I thought this was gross, I just couldn't beleive that something like that was possible, especially from the man I thought I knew so well! I explained this the best I could, telling him how uncomfortable I was topless in the truck and let him know I was really uncomfortable about letting other men see me. Talk as I might, the thought kept coming back to me the exhileration of taking off my top and possibly letting others see me.

The longer I thought about it, the more excited I became, but I was still nervous about admitting it. This IS Arkansas, you know! After several weeks, I told him I MIGHT be willing to do that again, but away from home so that the ramifications of getting caught were not that drastic.

By a strange coincidence, we had to go to Dallas just a week later for a business trip. The time we spent there was not too bad, we had a good time, and started back home on Friday at 4:00.

Just outside of Dallas, Hubby turns to me and says, "Hey, Hon, take that top off and give these truckers a show."

Say What?? I couln't believe what I just heard!

"Sure, you said that you would do it again, letting somebody see you this time, if we were not close to the house. Well, we are still six hours from home, there are some lonely truckers out here that would appreciate seeing your breast, and I would like for you to oblige them!", he said so non-challantly!

I hadn't really expected him to do this, and things were a LITTLE different than the first night going home from Little Rock. It was daytime, there were trucks everywhere on the interstate, and we were in my Sunbird this time, the windows were not tinted and truckers could look down and SEE me! Just thinking about it got my hands shaking again and I knew I was going to try!

I pulled the T-shirt over my head and saw the grin on Hubby's face as I started taking off the bra. Again, they went in back, where I couldn't just change my mind and put them back on. As I sat there thinking about my predicament, I realized how horny I had become!

"Now what", I asked.

"Well, we will pass some trucks and you put on a show", he said.

"A show? What do you mean?", said I, totally clueless.

"You know, when you get one's attention, make eye contact and make sure he sees your breast".

Oh...

I saw that he was passing the first truck, and looking in the mirror on the side of the truck, I could see the driver. Seeing the man driving and knowing in just a second he was going to see me made me tremble so that I could not even set up straight in the car. To this day, I still feel this rush!

We passed the truck in the left lane, giving the driver full advantage of seeing my 'show'. Just as we got up even with the driver door, I noticed that we were slowing down, keeping pace with the truck.

"NO!", I screamed,"keep going at the fast pace, and let me just pass the guy and see what happens!"

Well, hubby did. There I was hands shaking, mouth dry, vagina moist, and horny as hell, we passed the truck. The driver never even glanced down at me!

I was all revved up and no place to go! I was topless and WANTED somebody to see me! I saw that hubby was passing another truck. By this time, I was going to make sure that if I were giving the truckers a show, they could at least be polite enough to watch!

I could see the driver in his mirror look back at our car, then do a double take. Oh my gosh, he saw me! I couldn't wait to get even with the cab!

As we pulled past his door, I saw him look down at my bare breast and smile! He reached up and honked the horn and gave me a big thumbs-up! I was just about to cum from all the excitement, I had been seen topless! I smiled back, gave him a wave, then told hubby to pass the next one.

Evidently, truckers tell about things like that on thier CB's, because we were not even close to the other truck yet when I saw him looking intently in his mirror. He wanted to see, too!

Husband was looking like the cat that ate the canary! "Why don't you give them a REAL show?", he said.

"I thought I was", I said.

"No, totally nude!" This was going way too fast, but I was soooo turned on by the thought of the truckers seeing me topless, then nude. With a smile at hubby, I pulled my jeans and panties off, which was no small feat in the Sunbird.

As we passed the next truck, this driver was already aware of what was happening in the car beside him. I looked up to see his eyes popped open wide at me sitting there with absolutly no clothes on. Hubby pulled me over on his shoulder, pulling me over in my seat exposing my pubic area to the driver. As I was looking at the driver, hubby started to finger me, right there in front of this man! I don't think I ever came like that in my life!! I blew the driver a kiss as we pulled in front of him to pass the next truck.

We ended up giving the truckers a show until we got to Texarkana. After cumming several times I felt like I could sleep the rest of the way home, but much to hubbby's displeasure, I did put my clothes back on.

After we got home, hubby and I screwed our brains out...I don't know which one was more excited, him or me. I knew after this trip, exposing me would be something we would be doing again in the future, and I couldn't wait.

Maybe that will be my next story!

Love ya

Tami



Farmhand Flash
by tamisnudeagain

putting on a show for the farm foreman

This is a continuation of how I became a public exhibitionist. It helps if you read my first story, at least you get a background of the progress I am making...

After several months of flashing the truckers, I had gotten used to the idea of exhibitionism. I was doing it because my husband enjoyed letting other men see me, but I have to admit, I was starting to enjoy the attention myself.

I had gone from being scared to take my top off in the car at night to being able to be totally nude in front of truck drivers, even going so far as to finger myself to climax for an occasional trucker. Just thinking about another man seeing me naked got to be such a turn-on that I would just nearly cum thinking about them looking at me.

This was a "controlled" environment. Truck drivers usually have a deadline to make, so they can't hassle you to do something you are uncomfortable with. They drive rigs that are just not as nimble as cars, you can get out of a situation if you get uncomfortable. All in all I felt very comfortable with this aspect. Hubby had other ideas, though, wanting me to go 'farther'.

It finally happened, one day. Early springtime and I was ready to sunbathe and catch some rays. I never had problems with laying out in our back yard, it being so secluded. It was nearly a mile to our nearest neighbor. So, after finding the suntan oil, a beach chair, a cold beer, and my trusty two-piece, off I went to the back yard.

I felt very comfortable with untying my top, and laying on my stomach so that I would not get tan lines. Heaven forbid I would lay on my back, though. Again, Hubby had different ideas. He came over, pulled my top off and put it in his pocket!

It didn't bother me for a little while, but then I needed to turn over. "Hey, give me my top back!".

"Nope, I want to see those beautiful breast while I work, and I think I'll keep it a while. Better yet, Why don't you take off those bottoms, so I can get a GOOD show?" Hubby gleely answered.

Looking around nervously, I decided to try it. My nipples where already hard from being free, and I did enjoy the sun on my skin. We were well off of the main drag, it wasn't like somebody could drive up the driveway into our backyard without me knowing!

I lay back down thinking all kind of thoughts. It did feel so good to be naked, feeling the sun on my nipples and pubic area. I was getting kind of aroused when hubby came up to make it worse.

He sat by me and started rubbing my nipples, which were already rock hard. It felt SOOO good! I moved his hand down a little farther and started enjoying the feel of his fingers inside me, getting me even wetter.

He looked at me and said, "Why don't you give him a little show?"

"Who?", I asked nervously.

"The neighbors new foreman, he's walking the fenceline checking the fence! He is coming up from your left side, behind you, about 75 feet away."

Oh my gosh! I nearly came right there! A live person was standing there watching me!! I couldn't cover up, I didn't have anything to get! The thought got me very excited, and I asked, "Okay, what do I do?"

Hubby said, "Relax, he doesn't see us yet. This is your yard, you can be nude here if you want to be. Pretend that you don't know he is here and give him a special show. You know, use your imagination and turn him ON!"

With that, he got up and went into the house and left me trembling to let this stranger see me!

I thought about it for a second, and started to come up with a plan. I had my eyes closed, partly to shade my eyes from the sun and partly so I couldn't see him. I could just pretend that I was asleep, and just enjoy the attention.

By now, I could hear his footsteps, and I knew he must be reaching our corner. Sure enough, the footsteps stopped. I could just imagine the sight that he was seeing. I was totally naked, glistening with sweat, nipples rock hard, and horney as hell. I lay there for a little bit, just letting him look. I knew he was watching, because the footsteps had not started again.

I reached up and rolled one of my nipples around my fingers. Believe it or not, it got harder! I did this for a little, and the sensation felt so good, I started to rub my clit with my other hand. It didn't take too long at all for me to cum, I was soo excited. A moan escaped my lips as my body trembled violently from the orgasm.

Breathing hard, I wanted to see what kind of results I was getting from my visitor, so I screwed up my courage and got up from the chair and stretched. Turning around, I saw that he was less than 30 feet away, and looked at me sheepishly when he noticed I was looking at him.

As he mumbled an apology and turned around to walk off red faced, I remembered what my husband said about putting on a "real" show, so I walked over to the fence and asked him if he enjoyed seeing me this way. Standing naked in front of this man, less than 3 feet away with nothing but a barbwire fence between the two of us really turned me on!

When he told me he did, it made me really hot. I had never dreamed that there could be this kind of rush! I invited him back over to check fences anytime, and told him I would try to make sure he had a good reason to check them often!

I went into the house to see what hubby would say, and didn't even make it in the door. Evidently, he had been watching the whole thing, and showed me how proud he was of my show with a little show of his own!

After making love for a couple of hours, he spent the rest of the week telling me how excited he was that I put on a show like that, how proud he was of me for being able to do it, and how much he hoped I would do it again. With the feelings I had that afternoon, I don't think that will be a problem!

