Ronon had taken as long as he could excuse under the warm shower, knowing his friends needed to talk, and do other things, before they could all get to this night's work. He distracted himself with thinking about the look Teyla had given him before he left Atlantis. Mostly shuttered.. but with a hint of some hidden fierceness. He knew she wasn't any happier about this than the couple in the other room; than *he* was, damn it!. But that look hinted that maybe when this was done, they'd finally enter into some negotiations of their own. As much as the thought put the right about of zip in his blood for the evening, still, the 'details' left him twitchy at the mental association of two such.. disparate acts. Making love to the woman he wanted to claim should never have been in the same thought as.. having not-quite-forced sex with a friend.

He just hoped that Sheppard really could overlook this. The man was in a complicated relationship with even more complex feelings involved; almost certainly including a heavy dose of buried possessiveness. Regardless of what he *said*, or thought he *meant*, Ronon might still find himself out of a team as a result, if not out of the city. Not that that was going to change his course of action; his comrades needed him, Teyla's people needed him. Whatever the cost, he would do what was necessary.

Though as he stood in the door and watched his friends kiss, he not only had to fight his distaste at interrupting such a private moment, but he also twitched again, this time wondering how he'd deal with having another man in the room while he had sex with a woman. A *naked* man. Definitely not *this* Satedan's way. But hardly the worst way it could happen, he thought with a snarl at the viciousness that existed in some people. He resolutely stamped out that unpleasant thought as he stepped forward silently; making himself find the humour at just how lost the couple on the bed were in each other. Why the devils had they waited so long, anyway? But then, *he*'d yet to get a certain stubborn Athosian to bend, had he?

##

"Much as I'd normally encourage this as being about damned time," Ronon's grin faded, "If I leave you to it, we could get in trouble; even if I watched..."

Without a word, John's hands were gone from Elizabeth's body and he dropped a kiss on her nape before getting up. She turned back to watch him go and he gave her a nod of... approval, she thought, or permission. Though nothing could hide the hesitant, regretful expression twisting his lips before he turned to grab his pack and close the bathroom behind him. No. Not any of their first choices.

She turned back to face Ronon, resisting, barely, the need to take a breath for courage. She liked him, admired his courage and loyalty, and she neither wanted to insult him, nor to make this harder for him. But she'd never been one to sleep with a man without some feelings involved; let along sleep with TWO men at once!

They silently watched each other for a minute; adjusting, she thought, putting the other in one's category of 'sleeping partner' instead of friend and colleague. Or leader. To open their eyes to the sexual beings they each were, could be, had to be, to each other; for tonight.

"Sheppard says this is okay with him. What about you?"

She must have succeeded at reclassifying him because his deep voice pulled a small shiver through her, distracting her for a second too long. The serious look in his eyes made Elizabeth wonder if he thought she was going to chase him out of Atlantis for this and she smiled reassuringly, bringing a hesitant hand to touch his beard, "This is okay, Ronon. Necessary. I'm-" she frowned, "Did we even ask if it was okay with *you*?"

She saw the set of his shoulders relax, becoming *aware*, physically, that he was only wearing loose pants. Bare, muscled shoulders and a mile of smooth chest weren't even partially hidden by his usual vest. Just eyecandy, and forget about tomorrow.

"Not exactly. But I would never refuse to help our people. Sheppard knows that."

Elizabeth winced at their slip, no matter how he excused them.

He just grinned, eyes lightening, "So you and Sheppard had a chance to 'talk'?"

Though they'd hardly said anything, she knew they'd communicated enough; and never mind what Ronon was implying either! "Yes, we're alright."

He nodded seriously, "Good."

Another minute of silent appraisal and she *did* take that breath, smiling self-deprecatingly as she leaned in and kissed him, hesitant and awkward at first, too aware of the beard to forget who he was. Or wasn't. When he slid a hand behind her head and gently pulled her closer, she did her part by opening her mouth and letting him in, trying to let herself relax and surrender. Casual. Fun. Sex.

She *did* like him. And he *was* a good looking man that both she and John trusted. The fact that she wasn't attracted to him... couldn't be allowed to interfere with tonight. So she concentrated on soft lips, the sensual feel of wild hair, of hands starting to caress her. Concentrated on warm skin that was rougher than hers by far, on heavy muscles that flexed with power under her touch.

##

John froze when he stepped out of the bathroom in nothing but running pants. There was no denying the sick kick of jealousy that hit him at seeing another man kissing and touching Elizabeth, the snarl that almost escaped as his hands fisted and his shoulders bunched to attack. But, luckily *before* he did anything stupid, he caught himself; took a firm grip on the green-eyed monster and locked it away, knowing it was neither deserved, nor would it appreciate what *else* was to come. This wasn't a choice and he wasn't going to be the one to be stupid and make this harder on any of them. Just for tonight, this had to be more about sex than love. Hell, he also had to try to ignore his automatic discomfort with another man in the room. That he currently wanted to *kill* that man.. was something he needed to distract himself from, and pronto.

Stepping closer to the somewhat mechanically -he reassured himself- kissing pair, he could see the tension in Elizabeth's shoulders; yeah, much healthier focus. Elizabeth. Sitting down behind her, he pressed his lips lingeringly on her nape, knowing the unhesitating move had more to do with staking claim than physical familiarity. He kissed slowly along her neck as his hands kneaded the tight muscles along her backbone. Looking at this as being about bringing Elizabeth pleasure suddenly made his chest relax; anything to bring her joy, right? He and Ronon were on the same team and needed to *cooperate*, not compete.

He felt her body melt under his hands and smiled triumphantly, lips hidden in the still-damp wave of auburn behind her ear. As though sensing his self-satisfaction, Elizabeth turned her head, lips separating from Ronon's without an argument as John's hands slid down, looking for the way under her shirt he'd found before. Her lips taking his was a distraction though; the foreign taste there was even more so until he re-stuffed the jealousy away with a stumbling grip, glad they'd kissed first so he had the comparison. He was faintly aware of her leaning back against his bare chest, her warmth very pleasant indeed. He also became aware of Ronon undoing her shirt buttons as John's hands sat unmoving at her hips, but he refused to be distracted from the arousal she was pulling from him.

Kissing.. kissing Elizabeth was important; when the shirt disappeared, sliding his hand into her slacks in front of her hips and pulling her even more tightly against him was important. When she reached her hands backward into his hair, bowing her chest out in an irresistible invitation; pulling back to look his fill at her now-bare breasts was inevitable, as was sliding his fingers back up to cup the soft white flesh, his head bending just enough for his lips to reach skin, any skin.

When his fingers encountered others on the same path, his head shot up, losing contact with the lobe of her ear, pulling his tongue back from its teasing path. Meeting Ronon's dark grin didn't have time to free the monster before he heard what sounded suspiciously like a breathless giggle from Elizabeth. He wanted her to get back to the little throaty moans she'd been making, though, and he shared a look with his erstwhile teammate -a wriggled brow enough to communicate his 'order'- and they both shifted, tackling to the bed the woman who was their enviable task for the evening.

On a different day, John had dreamt of bringing her to slow torturous pleasure, of shared laughter and tenderness; and openly expressed love. But that wasn't for tonight. Tonight they needed to be friends; *all* of them. Tonight the laughter would be more raucous, less personal. And though there were threads of affection between the three of them.. this night wasn't of cherishing, it was of sensual enjoyment and mutual respect. There had been a time he could do that, he just had to remember enough to at least walk the tightrope that caged possessiveness.

So, along with jealousy, John stuffed the often-breathless love he felt for this beautiful, strong, caring woman deep inside, hoping against hope that there would be another night; SOON! For now, he followed their tackle move by, without further ado, lowering his lips to the slope of Elizabeth's right breast, feeling Ronon's long hair brush his cheek where he mirrored the move on her left.

No. Better not to think too hard on anything tonight. Better to pretend it was *Elizabeth's* soft hair; more useful too.

Soft skin smoothing past his lips, he slipped one hand to her neck to stroke the corner of her mouth with his thumb, the other came up to cup the underside of her breast as Elizabeth moaned again, his senses delighting in the sound, even if his heart took it far too personally as her fingers tangled on the back of his head. In this at least, he could indulge himself, was honourbound even; to bring her pleasure. He tasted every inch of slowly swelling flesh, stroking and shaping it for his mouth to feast. Elizabeth's soft whimpers and the upward thrust of her chest were a tug at his own arousal and he turned his head to slide his lips onto the hard tip he'd avoided. Gently at first, careful of how sensitive she might be, he still suckled it, still brought his tongue to play; slow and careful. Until she tugged his head closer with a growl of frustration.

Sounds weren't his alone to take as command, but her hand pressing on his skull *was* just for him and he obeyed diligently; opened his mouth to take more of her, suckling insistently and rewarded with nails digging in to hold him hard against her rising torso. Listening to her cry out, he reached to pull her slacks down, slow going as he took every excuse to stroke the smooth, hot skin along the way, vaguely thinking of covering it with kisses and nibbles, if only he could tear himself away from treating her breast just as hard as she demanded. Vaguely aware that Ronon's hands were undoing her zipper and getting rid of the pants while John's meandered sensually over her ribs and belly.

It was wanton to lay there and have two men bent on her pleasure, but however much being wanton wasn't *her*, to actually think on what was happening, to return the attention, was a conflict. With John because it would leave her questioning their relationship and forever wanting more. With Ronon because she would be poaching; and cheating. And faking. Mostly.. though arousal was definitely making those reasons a lot hazier, a lot more malleable.

The awareness that her 'lovers' would be feeling the same thing was what convinced Elizabeth that she *had* to participate.

It was easier to touch John, more a natural desire let free than a movement forced, and so when she felt her slacks being pulled off her legs, she slowly wrapped one around his waist, allowing herself to *feel* the man she'd fantasized about for three years; skin, muscle, strength. And the power to make her shake with need and sensual pleasure, even with such a small contact. She knew he'd felt the change in her when he briefly lifted his head, the shift of his hair under her splayed hand pulling her gaze to meet his. Okay, so it wasn't just the one touch making her react; the tight cords between *both* her nipples and her clitoris were tight, tingling and making the blood rush over her skin in need and delight.

The understanding in his eyes turned to challenge as he held hers and pulled her wetly shining nipple back into his mouth, the responding throb deep in her body spiking when he met her jerkily raising hips by pushing his still fabric-covered, aroused penis into her thigh. She was only half aware of her other hand pulling a much more slowly caressing set of lips harder to her other breast. She took John's challenge and used her toes to lower his pants, not missing the chance to stroke his firm ass. His eyes closed and she felt a moan vibrate on her so-sensitive nipple; she wanted to grin at getting to him, except that she was outnumbered and outgunned and was choking a cry as Ronon observantly joined the party with a nibble of his own.

She didn't think she'd ever felt such a surge of wetness and need hit her and she quite suddenly wanted nothing so much as to flip John on his back and take him. Take him in her mouth and listen to him call out with pleasure, and then fill the emptiness at her core with him. Never mind that she'd never liked giving fellatio; with every inch of skin she stroked she wanted him, wanted to spend a day in bed, sweaty and undignified and *loving* each other...

She suddenly hit the end of her reach, with John's pants still at his knees. When he didn't finish the job for her, instead slowly rubbing his now-bare cock teasingly on her thigh as he suckled contentedly, Ronon was the one to chuckle at her growl and reach down himself to slide the slacks off the other man's legs, getting a baleful eye from him for the intimate touch. John retaliated by reaching over and jerking *his* pants down. Ronon grinned, letting the wet breast slip out of his mouth momentarily to rasp, "Hey! Watch the equipment, Sheppard!"

Above them, Elizabeth laughed, the interaction bridging her connection to the other man. Not waiting to think it over, letting sensual haze guide her, she reached down with a toe of her left foot and gently stroked said tool, "Seems alright..." How long had it been since she'd felt up a man's penis? Feeling two of them on her body though, was unsettling until she shut 'thinking' down, closing her eyes and resolutely sticking to *feeling* and *dreaming*.

John's concentration returned to Elizabeth when his still-travelling fingers skated over damp hairs and he felt heat radiate onto his wrist. Softly sliding his fingers over the hot mound, he moaned with primitive need as he felt the moisture that had seeped out between the swollen, aroused lips hidden within. The deep growl he heard besides him preceded those lips parting as Ronon pressed a thick finger into the seam as Elizabeth held her breath and stiffened.

John stroked a finger into the space created, hearing Elizabeth gasp a cry just as he brushed a tight bump of flesh. He pulled himself up and kissed her, abandoning the well of heat, his hands splaying on her belly instead to feel her breathe and shiver as Ronon moved down. Next time..

But the hunger in her kiss was nothing to regret -and God did he ever love kissing her. Could he convince her to spend a week just *kissing* him?-. And her two hands desperately stroking every inch of his skin made him shiver and shudder before she suddenly stiffened, nails landing on his shoulders forcefully.

John grinned through the kiss as she bucked, hard, almost throwing both him and Ronon off. He swallowed her cry of pleasure, his fingers coming up to give her nipples alternating tweaks and squeezes in time with her body's jerking; ignoring her nails desperately dug into his back, listening instead to her sounds of pleasure. He'd never had a liking for pain before, but feeling Elizabeth's passion in any form made his cock hard and painful as hell, grinding into the side of her hip as she cried out and shuddered again.

He really didn't give a damn right this second that it was another man bringing her such pleasure; he was just delighted with her response, with feeling and watching her let herself go. Was voyeur enough to be turned on by watching a woman, even *his* woman, arching in pleasure with a man's head between her legs, never mind the fact that she was single-mindedly fucking *his* mouth.

He groaned when one of her hands suddenly released his shoulder and stuttered down to wrap her palm around him. He almost bit her tongue when she squeezed jerkily before starting an unsteady pumping motion, stealing his ability to think. It wasn't until he heard her rasp a plea urgently into his ear that he realized he'd stopped kissing her, his mouth slipping sideways, lax, as he forgot everything but the fire and tension spiralling from her hand on him.

Ronon's attention on the woman under his touch fluctuated; sometimes he was lost in the sybaritic pleasure of sex and could forget the details, enjoyed knowing he brought her pleasure, feeling her shiver and jerk and hearing her strangled cries as he licked and suckled and nibbled. Noticing that the sweet sounds she made were strangled in another man's kiss were the moments when he refocused on reality.

She was tensing now and he just knew she was close, and he could see the muscles in Sheppard's thigh standing out, tight, just a few inches from his face, just as much a sign of need. Watching her jerk him made Ronon grin for some reason, briefly wondering where his prim ways had gone, but mostly allowing that the change was practical. He sucked one last time at Dr. Weir's aroused body before sitting up and pulling the other man's leg further across her body, where he'd just been laying, before letting go with a playful slap to his ass, growling "Take her, old man."

John shivered as a hand slid over his thigh, body tensed and sensitive and needing attention, any attention. A slap on the ass, on the other hand, snapped his distraction from its fascination with Elizabeth's torturing hand and he turned his head to glare at the smirking man crouching next to them while stroking himself. Nonetheless, that was a very good order. Even if he'd prefaced it with a fondling. And an accusation of age!

He got his knees on the bed and his arms around Elizabeth, pulling her up to kneel with him. As much as he wanted to lay her on her back and make long and slow love to her, having large, calloused *male* hands on him had been a good reminder that this wasn't a normal encounter.

Before he could shift onto his back with at least *some* grace, Elizabeth had taken advantage of the position and without ceremony brought her very aroused passage down on his cock, a leg wrapping around his hip, foot digging into his ass as she moaned. It was his turn to have his cry swallowed as she crashed her lips on his, kissing him possessively as he tried to keep control of himself as wet heat squeezed tight around him. He could hear incoherent moaning that had to be him and realized he wouldn't win, couldn't restrain their headlong race now. He jerked desperately, unable to control the movement, dropping backward onto the bed so that she was riding him.

She managed to stay upright, astride him with her hands on his lower ribs, flexing and sliding her open fingers through the short hairs there. Though he'd lost her kiss in the bargain, as much as he'd loved being taken and losing himself, that wasn't conducive to doing what was necessary here. This way he could clench his teeth and actually find a measure of control, grabbing her hips to slow her desperate -heavenly, God *please*! more- movements.

He watched through half-lidded eyes as she growled at him, grinning stiffly in response and shifting his grip forward to be able to spread his hands until his thumbs reached above where they were joined. He stroked jerkily as he thrust, trying to go slow but all too aware that he was close, too close, and his body wasn't really listening very well as heat rampaged through his veins and muscles.

Then Ronon was kneeling down behind her, crouching to make up for his height, pulling her into a deep over-her-shoulder kiss that John saw take her just as she had done to him. Watching dark hands cup and fondle her outthrust breasts, thumbs swiping slowly across hard nipples, made the pleasure tighten in his balls, tightened *every* muscle in his body and he gave in to the need to thrust hard and fast, 'fucking' the very sensual woman he'd fantasized about for years.

He felt pulsating tremors start around his cock, her body held in place by his jerking hands at her hips and the much calmer ones on her chest. Yes! His eyes burned in the last instances before he lost it too, watching Elizabeth as her body bowed back, barely held in check by the man behind her, her face twisted with ecstasy, inner muscles grabbing John in the most intimate way there was as he heard a howl reverberate from her throat. And *that* pushed him right over the edge, eyes rolling back as he shouted, his body convulsing as she milked him, hard, making him jerk, making his fingers jerk on her clit, making her shudder longer...

Elizabeth could hardly breathe as she shook, John's still stiffly twitching fingers keeping her too near the edge, the heated, very obviously aroused body rubbing behind her keeping her sensitive; her orgasm leaving her flooded with an utterly sexual awareness of herself and her surroundings. She opened her eyes and watched John, resting back down now, visibly shivering. She could still feel him inside her, slowly softening just as she slowly remembered how to breathe.

The sight of his body laid out before her no-longer-wild eyes kept a pulse alive deep in her belly. She'd seen his arms before, in short-sleeves, knew he was strong, and tough, but the complete lack of any material hiding the whole expanse of his skin from view now, made the curves and twists of muscle far more obvious, not just forearms and biceps, but shoulders and chest. The sheen of sweat glistening under the hair tickling his clavicles and thickening down to where she held him inside her body made her fingers itch to slide over every inch of him. Made her tongue slide over her lips; the fact that she she was leaning back on Ronon and could hardly move for being so weak were the only reasons she didn't indulge herself.

His eyes opened with a dazed look and he grinned weakly up at her; so obviously, gloriously happy with himself and his world that she again licked her lips, more consciously this time as she smiled back; knowing she looked satisfied as hell, herself. He let go of her hips with a caress as she felt him slip out of her, leaving her pleasantly sore from the unaccustomed loving, as well as feeling semen slide down her thigh, reminding her of that wishful notion of spending a day having sweaty, *dirty* sex... His hands stopped on the way past and squeezed hers, still laying on his ribs.

This private little eye-hug ended as the hands at her breasts slid down to her hips, shifting her up and back with a slight jerkiness that spoke of restless need.

Now that the moment was here, Elizabeth instinctively stiffened, even before John's eyes darkened and speared over her shoulder with momentary fury. The tableau held for a handful of heartbeats, until John suddenly blinked, breaking Elizabeth's trance. His death grip on her hands relaxed and his eyes met hers with a wince of apology before he release her fingers with a last squeeze, nodding behind her with a smile that was meant to be reassuring, "It's OK."

She didn't realize she'd been holding her breath until she found herself exhaling suddenly at the husky murmur. Her eyes closed in shame at just how close they had come to not only risking *their* lives, but those of the rest of the expedition too.

Making herself relax, Elizabeth looked over her shoulder, "I'm sorry-"

Ronon's head shake and sympathetic smile only made her wince further, but there was nothing more she could say so she simply let her head fall back on his shoulder. Allowing herself to take the time to feel her body's still present pleasure, to focus on John and bring back the daydream and the sensuality. Breathing deeply, letting her body once again come to accept that this was about *casual* pleasure. That it was alright for Ronon to be holding her, for his aroused body to rub against hers.

She finally felt calm enough and exchanged one last look with John -always her last reassurance- before closing her eyes and raising her body straight up on her knees, reflexively tightening her vagina and feeling the pull on her clit send out little waves of pleasure, helping her to relax; and between her earlier arousal and John coming inside her, she was more than lubricated enough. She reached one hand beside her to stroke Ronon's hip, just for the additional contact, reassurance for both of them, and the other down between her thighs to angle his cock up into her, gently and carefully.

He didn't move, letting her shift onto him at her own pace, and she was grateful as he slowly slid into her drenched body, bringing still throbbing nerves back to rushed life, past the last of the conflict she still strained to keep buried. He was thicker, stretching at muscles that, though softened by arousal, were still stiff with the shivers of orgasm -and tension- and were just not used to this exercising. She settled down carefully, turning her head to meet his in a hard kiss, allowing herself to get used to the unfamiliar position and feel, briefly wishing that sexuality had been able to keep its hold on her; once again forcing herself to focus purely on her senses to lose some of her thoughts in the kiss. She didn't notice when John pulled himself out from under her; under *them*. Feeling Ronon's hands shift on her hips as her body relaxed its clench around him.

He pulled back slowly, then thrust up gently and she moaned, the odd angle and stretch encouraging a very low throb of arousal to distract from the soreness. She doubted she could come again tonight, especially in this position, and instead wrapped both hands behind herself to stroke his flanks encouragingly, deliberately making the kiss evocative, copying the movement of his body. Resisting the urge to treat this as a job by focusing on the thrill of hearing him groan in pleasure, the satisfaction in knowing she could wring that from a man when she usually had to hold herself so closed off.

John wasn't sure what to do as he watched, fiercely focusing on Elizabeth's expression to keep the jealousy at bay. Luckily, once they were engaged, the ugly feeling seemed to pass, to the point that even completely sated as he was, voyeuristic pleasure peaked out again and kept him interested. After a minute, he crawled forward and laid down on his side, holding his weight on his elbow as he brought his lips down right above the action. He could interpret his teammates stubborn wish to have her come first, just as easily as see Elizabeth's unreadiness and residual tension; half *his* fault for overreacting. He wriggled his free hand between the two lovers to squeeze her ass cheek and give himself an anchor as he licked at glistening skin, remembering his earlier wish and more than satisfied with the reality.

Her clitoris was swollen and he felt every minute muscle under her skin jerk and tighten as he lapped his tongue over it, finding again that she liked a little roughness, that suckling at the mix of flavours she was coated in got more reaction than gentleness. Feeling her shudder and hearing the edge of moans still made his pulse jump, bribed him to never want to move.

He ignored the fact that their movements sometimes landed his tongue on a very differently built body part, instead, John tightened his grip on her ass, gripping the flesh firmly in his palm, fingertips just grazing the border to the next cheek, pulled her to him, or his face into her. Ignoring too, the straining abs brushing his knuckles. No, he could lay here tasting sex and feeling Elizabeth spasm with every suck, listening to her whimper as one of her hands landed in his hair now, briefly stroking but then giving up the charade and pulling him the closer. Oh yeah, right up there with kissing, even though keeping up with the speeding thrusts was going to leave him really weirdly stiff in the morning.

Elizabeth's head was thrown back, aroused and needing to come now, desperate even as her clitoris got the kind of firm treatment most men seemed hesitant to give. But there was queer tension keeping her from relaxing, all too likely her pesky thoughts refusing to be stomped; telling her that she was letting the wrong man take her, she at *least* shouldn't- "Look down," the shaky growl was a hot breath on her neck as Ronon turned his head to break the kiss, the sound shimmering through her body and making her cry out breathlessly. So very close... "*Look*." She opened her eyes feverishly at the repeated, insistent rasp, looking down as ordered, gasping for breath and shaking -so very close! Lips and soft, wet beard pressed to her ear, tongue flickering over the lobe with speech, "Look at him."

And she did; couldn't help but stare at her hands pulling John closer. His cheeks flexed as his tongue played her and he suckled, hard and sooo good and- but she knew what she was really meant to remember was the look of pleasure, of enjoying himself, enjoying *her*. "Even though you're not alone, he'll remember this *every* time he jerks off, Dr. Weir, what about *you*?"

There was no way she could speak, but the thought, the *image* of John laying in his quarters, thinking of her, of this- her grip in his hair and on Ronon's hip suddenly tightened and she cried out wordlessly, buried in touch and scent and sweat; slick, sliding, waves of furnace-heat and pleasure rising through her as every muscle tensed and started convulsing.

John held on tight, knowing he was bruising her butt and utterly unable to let go as she pulsed between his lips, wanting to make it last for her. It took him a minute to spare attention to the fact that Ronon was thrusting jerkily, grunting with need, obviously trying to find his own pleasure. Still suckling Elizabeth, more gently now, through the aftershocks, he reached between her legs with the hand that had supported him, up until now, holding himself up with his abs, and stroked his thumb firmly down the exposed section of the other man's cock, jiggling his balls the same way he'd jerk himself off. Not really thinking about what he'd done until he felt the wave pass under the pad of his finger on the upstroke and heard his friend groan and finally go still.

Elizabeth's hold on him had relaxed into a soothing caress now and he slowly, wordlessly, lifted his head to exchange a smile with her before getting up to his knees, stroking one hand up her back and the other around one of her thighs, pulling himself tight to her in a kneeling hug, forehead to forehead, Ronon's chest on his knuckles, *his* knuckles brushing John's chest where he'd gone back to palming Elizabeth's breasts.

Ronon felt the woman leaning on him sigh and lay more of her weight on him and he met Sheppard's eyes over her head. The man nodded toward the head of the bed and got up as Ronon laid down, carefully bringing Dr. Weir down to lay on her side in front of him. Sex always left him feeling more tactile than usual and he hoped she didn't mind that he continued to hold and stroke her. The danger of the moment when they'd all come face to face with the reality of the situation still beat through him, but he trusted these two people to stand by their word. They had said this was okay and they had both caught themselves quickly when reaction *had* hit. He didn't know what he would have done in Sheppard's shoes, but he had to trust that the moment had been an aberration. If it wasn't.. well, they would let him know, one way or another, but honour called to assume they would stand by their words.

So he didn't stop himself from touching, and now that the haze of the act was lifting, he was going over the evening with a peculiarly disconcerted feeling. He'd had enough exposure to porn since meeting the Atlanteans to have come to accept that it was arousing to watch two people have sex, even though he *knew* he didn't belong there, but the notion that it was a man's fingers that had provided the last strokes to get him off.. was unnerving. Or it should be. Right?

Oh well. He kissed Dr.Weir's shoulder one last time, content that he still preferred the feel of soft breasts in his palms than anything else, and turned to lay on his back, one hand behind his head as he stretched out, firmly putting aside the self-analyzing thoughts for another day and just enjoying the afterglow of a happy body.

John walked into the bathroom, rotating his shoulder and rolling his eyes at his mental whining. He'd *known* that was going to hurt; not that he regretted it, not even a bit. But he didn't like the thought that he was getting too old for sex gymnastics. He stared in the mirror at his face as he grabbed a small cloth, wet it and cleaned himself up. He still wasn't sure if the hint of grey in his hair was his imagination or the glaring honesty of full light. Looking down at the rest of his body, he stopped the introspection; hell, after that performance, who the hell cared? He still had it, and if he could talk Elizabeth into finding a way to do this again, at least the part with the two of them... Hey, as long as *she* liked it, he didn't give a damn what colour the hair was, or how many lines snuck onto his face. He grinned as he washed the cloth and grabbed another, leaving them both a little soggy, and she *had* been enjoying looking at him, *that* hadn't been his imagination!

Walking into the bedroom, he quirked a brow at his teammate's cocky position. Glad that the urge to kill him seemed to have fully vanished, he threw one of the cloths at his head, not surprised when the seemingly sleeping warrior caught it in midair. "Show off." The all-too-tall, too young and too strong tease just grinned at him as he used the cloth to start his own cleanup as John kneeled on the bed next to a half-asleep Elizabeth and gently rolled her to her back, watching her eyes open groggily. She looked like a fallen angel, adorably flushed, mussed, boneless, tired.. and pleased. Or was that pleasured? Why didn't he carry a camera in the field, again?

Giving up the wasted wishing and concentrating on collecting memories, he carefully pressed the warmly wet cloth between her legs and winked when she sighed contentedly and opened her legs to give him complete access. She smiled and closed her eyes again as he took his time gently wiping her clean before dropping a kiss on her belly and throwing the cloth on a nigh table. The lights went off and he looked up to see Ronon walking back from the switch as he lay down besides her, pulling her back onto her side to hug her close, burying his nose between her shoulder and neck and half aware that the other man had fitted himself to her back. John was almost getting used to a hairy chest on his knuckles; and large knuckles on *his* chest.

Elizabeth nuzzling her nose into his neck with a sigh made up for a great deal of damned unpleasant realities. The shiver she managed to send through his sated body; even more so. With a content sigh of his own, he reached down lazily and tugged her thigh over his hip, pulling their bodies as close as they could be.

Elizabeth drifted, pleasantly warm and feeling pampered; willing to forget everything until tomorrow. When she felt Ronon pull her other leg backward to lay between *his* though, she could almost hear them start to glare at each other over her and she grinned, opening her eyes and pulling her head back to glare at John. She shifted his jaw over so she could kiss him, long and lazy and pleasurably, feeling Ronon nuzzling her nape. Before she could fall in the daze herself, she released him, satisfied that he was out of trouble-causing commission for a while, "Enough, colonel, I am *not* a dessert to fight over. Ever." As much as she'd started that kiss as a joke, it occurred to her that maybe making a point *now* would save her more serious arguments later. Her freezing mid act aside, she couldn't afford either of these men being immature about this.

He pouted, but then nodded reluctant agreement and relaxed the edge of possessiveness that had snuck into his grip, eyes apologizing silently. With a reassuring smile for him, she then reached behind her and gripped a fistful of long hair, ignoring the grunt of complaint as she turned her head to give Ronon a hard kiss, wiping the smirk he'd been wearing right off his face, "That goes for you too, Ronon."

*He* only grinned back unrepentantly, unfazed, "Yes Ma'am."

She rolled her eyes, shaking her head before laying back to face a John smirking at the blatant disobedience to her edict. Oh well, as long as they were back on the same side; and didn't think Ronon would be a problem, anyway. Elizabeth cuddled back up to John, keeping one arm behind her on Ronon's hip for fairness -and any damned still watching cameras!-, but otherwise concentrating on her second-in-command's breath in her ear, his skin in reach of lazy kisses, his heartbeat steady under her palm. It was very nice to be so warm all over, and she was actually used to Ronon's touch now, especially now that it was and would remain only 'touch'. Drowsily enjoying being petted and kissed by both of them, Elizabeth decided this had been a far better day than anticipated. Momentary hiccough included.