It was a quarter to one when I was startled awake by the phone ringing. Sleepily, I forced myself into an upright position and reached over to grab the house phone. I clicked the talk button and pressed the receiver up to my ear.

"Hello," I said tiredly. Never in a million years would I have expected to hear the voice that came on the other end of the phone.

"Well, hello, beautiful," his creepy, cold voice smirked into the phone.

My breath caught in my throat. I literally felt that I was suffocating all of a sudden. No longer did I have the choice to pretend that my past was still my past. I was now finally forced to face my reality again.

When I didn't reply he broke the silence, "Are you there, beautiful?"

There was another silence.

When he spoke again I about jumped out of my skin. "I know you're there. I can see you sitting on the couch."

My eyes widened and I hung up. Abruptly, I got up and ran around the house, like a chicken with it's head cut off, closing all of the blinds and curtains, up and downstairs. The one thing I had forgotten to do when I locked all of the windows. Surely he couldn't see me now. On the off chance that he somehow could I'd be ready!

Frantically, I ran upstairs to fetch my phone. That baby has had more attention since I'd moved back to Bon Temps than ever before. I'm actually on the edge about seeing the next phone bill. I'm sure that it's a rather large one.

Once I had possession of my phone I flipped it open and pressed speed dial 7. I didn't know who else to call. Besides if he was really serious about me trusting him, then he'd be here for me in my time of need. Which was right now!

I didn't even give him a chance to speak when I hear him pick up. "He's here!" I blurted out.

"Who?"

"Drake! He's here! He called and he was all like "I can see you!" I closed all of the blinds and curtains. But, he's here! I didn't know who else to call!"

"I'm on my way."

I heard the click on the other end, signaling that he'd hung up. Therefore, I did the same. Now all I had to do was wait until he arrived.

--------

Oddly enough, I found myself rather excited when I heard a knock on the door. I made my way to the door and pulled back the small curtain that covered the window on the door, slightly, to see who was on the other side. I was pleasantly surprised by who it was.

Letting go of the curtain, I dropped my hand down to the door knob and unlocked it. I took a step back, twisting the knob, and pulling it open.

"Pam? What are you doing here?" I asked, rocking back on my heels.

She stood there wearing a black leather corsette dress with red cross tie laces down the middle, revealing some of her cleavage. She was wearing matching black pumps and topped her outfit with a black handbag. I assumed that she had just come from Fangtasia. If I had to guess, I'd say that Eric sent her.

"Can I come in?"

I thought for a brief moment before stepping aside. "Please, come in."

She came in and stood in the foyer.

"Can I get you a True Blood or anything?" I asked generously.

"I won't be staying long. Thanks anyways."

I shook my head, "No problem." As I closed the door, I could feel her looking me up and down. She can't honestly find me as a turn on in my pj's. Can she?

"Interesting choice in clothes. A little too revealing don't you think?" Pam asked.

"No, not really," I answered, looking down at my pj's. Okay, so, I lied. I was dressed in rather revealing clothes. I had on a baby blue matching shirt and short set. My shirt was strapless with two strings tied into a bow along the top edge of the shirt directly in the middle and my shorts were only long enough to cover less than half my thigh. "Alright, so, maybe my pj's are a little too revealing after all."

"I don't mind."

"I'm sure you don't," I said, rolling my eyes. Changing the subject, I asked, "Where's Eric?"

"He wanted to personally search the premises just in case..." she answered trailing off.

"Just in case jackass is still here," I finished for her.

Pam smiled at me obviously amused, "If that's what you like to call him, then yes."

I couldn't help, but laugh. "That's only one of the many things that I like to call him. It was just the first name to come to mind."

Pam smirked, "Now I know what Eric sees in you."

I rolled my eyes, "I'm sure you do."

"My master really likes you. It's very unlike him," she told me almost unsure of whether or not she should be telling me or not.

"I know. I kind of figured that out when he repeatedly tried to seduce me the other night."

She raised an eyebrow, "I'm surprised it didn't work."

I stood there, wondering if I was really going to have this conversation with her. It didn't take me, but a second to decide that I was.

"I'm not just some one time deal like the 'others' he's been with. I'm a lot more valuable than that. I've said it many times before and I'll say it again. I refuse to be just another fuck to him," I explained.

Once again she was almost unsure if she should say what she wanted to, but said it anyways. "As much as it's not my place to say and I'd really rather not say it...I think it's more than that to Eric when it comes to you."

I raised an eyebrow, "What are you talking about?"

"Well, for starters as corny as it sounds you're all he dreams about. When he wakes up he goes straight to Yvetta and won't share," she said, sounding a little jealous.

"Who's Yvetta?" I asked never having heard of her.

Her face lit up, "She's our new dancer..." she paused, "And sex toy."

My stomach turned instantly. Luckily, I was running on an empty stomach so I had nothing to throw up. For once that was a life saver. "Ew!" was all I could manage to say. "Let's just forget about her, please." A wave of anger came over me out of the blue. It shocked me for sure. Why was I getting angry over Yvetta. I didn't even personally know her. Could it be that I'm starting to grow fonder of Eric and am feeling a bit territorial? Oh, I couldn't imagine! "As you were saying..."

"He's never actually 'cared' so to speak about a girl like he does about you."

Upon hearing her say that, I was speechless. Could it be the truth? I mean it was coming from the childe's mouth herself. What if what she said is in fact the truth after all? Where would it leave me? I already feel something for him, but refused to be used. Now I'm stuck at an even bigger crossroads than I was before.

--------

I was now pacing back in forth in the living room alone. Everything that Pam had told me raced through my mind. She had left about five minutes ago. She said that she had to go and watch over Fangtasia for Eric. I honestly don't even know why she came by in the first place, but oh well.

Suddenlym out of the blue, there was a knock on the door. I stopped dead in my tracks. Please be Eric! Please be Eric!

"Who is it?" I asked, catiously.

"It's Eric."

I sighed a sigh of relief. Running into the foyer, I unlocked and flung the door open. As soon as he walked in, I smashed myself against him. My arms were wrapped tightly around him and my head laid against his chest.

"I searched the premises. He's been gone for at least 20 minutes now. He must have sensed us coming and left quickly," Eric told me.

So, that's why Pam came by. She came to help scare Drake away.

Looking up at him, I smiled briefly. "Thanks so much for coming."

"I'm going to stay here with you until it's close to time for me to retire for the day."

I unwrapped myself from him and took a step back. I nodded my head in agreement, knowing that him staying with me was for the best. If Drake came back I'd have Eric there to protect me.

"Is it true what Pam told me?" I asked not being able to stop myself. "I'm sure you heard everything."

He nodded confirming that he had heard Pam and I's conversation.

"Well then was it true?"

"What do you think?"

All of a sudden everything changed. Eric was sending me waves of lust through our minimal bond. No, no, no This is so not happening. It just can't happen. Not under these circumstances. I was about to find out that I was wrong, though.

I swallowed hard as he stood about seven feet away from me. The look in his eyes was a mix between lust and anger. Our eyes met in an intense stare. It went on for what seemed like forever. Neither of us were willing to break eye contact.

We both knew that in the end it was going to come down to this. This whole entire situation had finally gone to far. The games were coming to an end and they would stop for good at this very moment.

Words were the worst enemy at this current moment in time as I found myself slowly, but surely backing up. Every time I took a step back, he'd take a step forward. Our eyes were still glued together in an unbreakable stare.

As soon as I took another step back I felt my back hit the door. He took this as an opportunity to press his entire body into mine, leaving me trapped in between him and the hard wood surface of what just a few seconds had been my only chance of escaping.

A shiver ran up and down my spine as I felt his breath inches away from my face. I bit down on my bottom lip almost hard enough to draw blood. I tried to turn my head away, finally breaking eye contact, but he cupped my face with one of his hands, preventing me from moving my head even the slightest bit.

I once again felt his breath on me, but this time he was even closer. His lips were so close to mine that I could practically imagine how they'd feel if they were on me. I was beginning to get butterflies in the pit of my stomach.

Since I wasn't able to move my head, I snapped my eyes shut. I think part of me hoped that if and when I reopened my eyes he'd be gone. Part of me wished I'd open my eyes and find that this all of this had only been a dream. But, the other part…the other part prayed that it was real.

"Open your eyes," he demanded and I have absolutely no idea why, but I did.

Before my mind could even process what was happening, he moved in for the kill. Oh, boy!