Karry stared at Malachi a moment longer before she burst into laughter,not because she actually found humor in the situation but because she could not believe what he had just said to her. This man, this vampire, who ruled and headed the family that so many beings feared, was asking her a seemingly normal human woman to be his queen. There had to be something wrong with him she knew that now. When she finally caught her breath, she glanced up at Malachi,her lavender eyes watering with tears of mirth.
"I'm sorry but I think I misheard you, did you really just ask me to be your queen?" she asked
"I did yes, though I don't know why you would find that so funny." Malachi replied his voice showing his confusion
"I am human, I have a group of vagabonds that follow me. What do I possibly have that would prompt you to make an offer like this?" Karry asked
The question hung in the air between them for a few moments before Malachi turned back to his desk and lifted a file from it, one that suddenly made her blood run cold.
"Before your father and you disappeared from the world, you were once a rather wealthy family that lived on the Lorna family grounds. It says here that your father had you admitted for testing under the scientist Dr. Roland Mason, the man who is renowned for his work in DNA engineering." Malachi said as he looked down at the file he held
Karry felt her breath freeze in her lungs for a moment before it exited her body in a fast exhale. She had been certain that when Mason had went under ground he had destroyed all the files that could be used to link him to his research, apparently she had been very wrong.
"I don't see what that has to do with your offer of marriage." Karry said trying to play it off
Malachi gave a glance at the woman trying his best to hid his exasperation, surely she could see that he knew what had been done to her. She should know that he was offering her protection, or...maybe she had yet to hear the news of what was happening.
"I know that you were one of his experiments that he is trying to pretend don't exist, and right now there is a radical group that is trying to find and kill any of the people he worked on. You managed to live and thrive despite what he did to you, which means this group will be looking for you and the people you lead." Malachi said patiently
Karry nodded her head, she had not heard of this threat and even the excuse of it did not explain to her why he had offered her marriage. Apparently the look on her face made him aware of her confusion and so he continued.
"There are reports from several families that hold land and a few of the still existing human towns that many people fear you. There has been documents thats state that people have seen you shift your forms and that you are a strong leader, one who will do whatever you have to so that you can protect those people that follow you. That is why I am offering this marriage, I need more people that will defend my lands and you will need protection. The only way I can ensure that you receive that protection is if you are married to me."
Understanding hit her then and she felt a bit odd for not getting it right away. The LeSabor family was always under attack, other families wanting their lands and wanting to be the ones that were known for taking down the most powerful family known across many lands. With her abilities she would be able to find any spies that had been sent here to try and destroy them from the inside. If the group looking for her found her, then the LeSabor family would lose a valuable asset that had pretty much fallen into their laps. If the head of their family married her however, that would cause the group to back off, they wouldn't want to risk the anger that would come from attacking her.
"So this is more like a business arrangement then. I give you what you want and in turn you will provide for myself and the people that follow me."
Malachi nodded his head, his icy gaze running over her again and Karry had to stop herself from shuddering from the heat that curled through her at that look. Her mind must not be working correctly for her to consider his offer, but as much as she didn't like the idea there was merit in what he offered. She ran a hand through her black locks and looked at Malachi from the side as she thought through his words. He simply sat there,perched on the edge of his desk, the picture of masculine strength, and waited for her answer. After several more minutes of deliberation, Karry had reached her decision.
"I will except your offer." Karry said
Malachi smiled again just the tips of his fangs showing as he did so.
"In this case, I will send some of my men to collect your group and have them brought here and shown to their homes. As for you, I will have you taken to your room and clothing brought to you,we will be married within two hours."
"So quickly?" Karry questioned her face growing pale
"The group I informed you of is at the edge of my lands already, by the time they reach this castle we will be married and you will be safe."
Karry was left with no time to say anything as Malachi opened his office door and spoke to a guard outside who quickly entered and offered to show her to her room. She glanced for a last time back at Malachi who was now speaking with Lucian, about preparations while the woman Kyrin came with her.
"I am so pleased that you agreed to this marriage."Kyrin said her face wearing a large grin that confused Karry even more.
"Why are you so happy about this?"
"Let's just say I have a good feeling about you and I think that you will find something more than just protection here. Come Sera will have all your clothing ready." Kyrin said as they rounded a corner and the guard opened a set of double doors
Malachi sat in his chair listening to Dominic and Lucian as they went over everything they had been working on while Karry had been his office with him. Lucian had made a list of people that needed to be checked out by Karry, their sister Meira had helped with that. Dominic was talking about and going over the plans for the quick wedding,his assistant being his wife Sera and another of their sisters, Amber.
"Malachi...do you really think this girl will be able to help us to figure out who is selling information about us?" Lucian questioned
Malachi looked at his brother and nodded his head sharply. He was still angry at Lucian for what had happened with Kyrin and was still waiting for his brother to mess up so that he could try and steal Kyrin away. The woman was smart and funny with an inner strength he marveled at and a calm outer demeanor that he loved. This move was simply one of strategy, a way to gain what he needed while giving the appearance that he was not still longing for Kyrin.
"According to everything I have read about this woman she can do what we need her to, if she refuses we can use the people she cares for to make her act as we wish." Malachi answered
Malachi could admit to himself that the woman, Karry was her name, was very beautiful and she did appeal to the male in him with her figure and face, but he knew himself well enough to know that a woman who was also a warrior was not one he wanted.
"Brother...do you think that this is a good idea? There must be another way to find out what we need without involving ourselves in more trouble." Dominic said, for the first time showing his true opinion of the situation.
Malachi glanced at him and gave a small sigh, rubbing his temple.
"There are other ways yes, but none that will give us what we need as quickly as we need them."
Dominic nodded and returned to his plans while Lucian did the same, leaving Malachi in a relatively silent room. He wondered if he was doing the right thing as well, wondered if involving their whole family in a scandal like this would be what brought about their destruction. He knew that woman was smart, had seen her thinking over every option and plan as if she was preparing for battle. While he found it a good quality for a commander or soldier, he was unsure if he liked the idea of having the same thing in a wife. Kyrin had warned him long before that he would find his true mate soon, one that he would normally have hated but that he would be unable to resist. While he didn't put much stock in the idea of psychics, coming from Kyrin he had to wonder.
Malachi stretched his legs out before him and reached for the glass of warmed blood wine that sat on his desk and took a sip. He hoped that he was doing what was right and that this woman would not cause harm to his family otherwise he would kill her.

Karry sat still while the woman called Sera messed with her hair, Kyrin was doing her make-up and another woman, one they had called Nicolia was busy finding jewelry for her. One of the Malachi's brothers named Ashely was in the room and he was watching everything that was happening with a careful eye, all the while doing his best to make her laugh.
"You know, that dress actually suits you well." Sera said as she moved in front of Karry to admire her work, "I think when we are done you might just be one of the most beautiful brides that has ever graced this castle."
Karry opened one eyes and looked at the small woman in a strange way before she spoke, her lips barely moving as Kyrin was applying color to them.
"You do know that this is a business transaction between myself and your brother-in-law right?"
Sera waved her hand and chuckled a bit as she winked over at Kyrin who gave a secret smile back.
"I think that is what it is now, but I have a feeling you might actually come to like Malachi. He may seem cold but he is really a wonderful man." Kyrin said gently
Karry looked down at the woman and had to fight to keep from tilting her head in a move that was strangely like her cat, the one that was even now prowling around inside her.
"I do think he is very good looking and he doesn't seem bad, but he made it quite clear that this was business, his tone let me know that he was not looking for emotions in this." Karry replied as Ashley helped her to her feet so the tall Nicolia could add the jewelry.
She was looking in the mirror at the time, surprised by how she she looked, she she missed the wordless conversation that Kyrin and Sera held with their eyes. Karry would admit that Sera had been correct, the dress which was a soft purple that matched her eyes and trimmed with a cream lace overlay, hugged her curves that she had never noticed before. The skirt flared a bit at her hips giving a bell style effect, the silk material moving gently around her with each move that she made. The chocker about her through was a cream color as well, small chips of Amythest had been sewn onto it. A few ribbons had been braided into her hair which was mostly piled in a messy bun on the top of her head though several choice strands had been left to hang down. She really did look like a vision and it made her want to hug the women that had helped make her look this way.
When she turned to face the women they had finished their 'talk' and now wore smiles that matched her own as they looked over her.
"This dress was defiantly the right choice for you, it matches you so well." Kyrin said
"Thank you."
That was the only thing Karry could squeeze out passed the lump that had formed in her throat. She wasn't used to people treating her this kindly and it touched her to her heart which until this moment she would have sworn didn't exist.
"Well,its time to head downstairs then, we have a wedding to preform." Ashley said with a dashing smile.
Karry nodded her head and took the man's arm as he led her from the room, Kyrin and Sera in front of her, Nicolia behind her holding the train on her dress.