My first encounter with a guy was in a cottage near where I lived with a girlfriend. Quite small cottage, two cubicles and long, divided, urinal. I was just 18 and had left home to live in a small bed-sit. I'd been to cottages a few times, but always ducked out if any action was looming. That time I stayed.
It was after lunch, I'd had a walk in the town and was on my way back to my digs and I went in to the place, I usually did. Empty so I took up my place at the urinal and unzipped and stood playing. A couple of minutes later an older, 50ish, guy came in, stood at the end urinal near the entrance and got his cock out.
He stroked for a minute before he turned to me and said "hi", looked down at his cock then over to me. I would usually zip up and go, but something made me stay, "hi" I replied. He stroked his cock, fiddled with his trousers then half turned. I looked, and now his balls were out too. His cock, now hard, quite thick but about 6" long.
I was nervous, wondering what to do, so we both stood stroking our cocks, he motioned me to join him, so I walked down and stood next to him.
He put his hand around my shaft and gently squeezed. The feeling of another guy holding my cock was strange but good. I reached over and took his cock, and we began to slowly wank each other. He looked round at the door sometimes as we stroked each other. Suddenly he stopped, stepped away, and we separated just as another guy came in. The new guy looked at us, had a piss then left, he knew what was going on.
We got back to where we were before and resumed wanking. After a short while his hips made a small thrust, his cock pulsed in my hand and a jet of spunk shot from him. More spunk spat out and splashed into the trough, then he was done. I let go of him, and he shook a few drips of cum from his cock.
His hand was moving faster up and down my shaft now and within seconds I shot my cum, it hit the urinal and ran down, several more shots and I finished. I shook the last of my cum from my cock and pushed my still stiff cock into my trousers. He'd tidied himself too and we left.
It was quick, over in minutes, but I knew I'd be back for more. I returned there often, almost daily, at various times and met the same guy quite a few times, all we ever did was wank though. I did meet other guys, all ages, cocks of all shapes and sizes. Cum which varied from white to cream, thick and gooey to thin and watery. Some guys fired their juices hard, so it flew out with force, some not so, it just dribbled and everything in between.
Some guys I met just once, others more often. I never did more than wank though except for two occasions which were the high points at that time. Wanking was ok, but I wanted to move on and try other stuff too.
It was a few weeks later, and I was used to the anonymous wanking in the cottage but this one time a guy in a suit came in, late 20s, tidy and shorter than me. I was at my usual spot playing. He stood with his cock out looking down at me, I sidled up to him and looked over at his cock. Quite small but not quite hard yet. His hand stroked my cock and I closed my fingers around his, and I could feel it harden quickly.
We started to wank when he whispered, "Do you want to come to my place?"
"Where?" I asked.
"Cobham, not too far," he said.
Wow, I thought for a second. "OK," I said.
In his car on the way I was nervous, he told me his name was Brian. As we talked I told him this was a first for me. "It will be fun," he said.
We went into his lounge where we sat together for a while making small talk, he asked what I'd done with guys, just wank I told him. What did I want to do? Try anything that's safe I told him.
He started to fondle my cock and balls outside my trousers, then he stood up, took off his shirt and trousers to stand in front of me. I studied his naked body, slim, light brown fuzzy hair on his chest and down to his groin, smallish cock and balls, a light bush of pubes.
I got up and stripped too, and he pushed me down onto the seat again then he knelt and began to caress my cock. I was hard in seconds. He began to lick then suck my cock. I lay back as his mouth surrounded my cock, it felt amazing, and I had to control myself to stop getting too excited and cumming.
He stopped and laid back, flat, on the floor. His prick was stiff and stuck up, a small column of flesh, maybe 5" and quite slim. "Come on," he said, and I joined him and, first stroked his cock, then plucked up the nerve to surround it with my lips and take the shaft into my mouth.
His hands were on my head and directed me to move up and down on him, his hips pushed up slightly as I did. I enjoyed fellating him but wasn't ready to take his cum, so I soon stopped. He rolled me onto my face on the floor, knelt between my legs pulling them wider. His hands spread my cheeks and I could feel his breath on my arse, then the wetness of his tongue as he licked down the crack to my hole.
His tongue flicked over my hole and I tensed and jerked, round my hole then trying to push the tip in. All the while his hands were pressing and massaging my cheeks. He stopped his licking and sat up, his hands still moving over my cheeks. Then fingers stroking down my crack, against my hole then down to my balls.
He kept doing that until his fingers, moving up from my balls, stopped at my hole, and he pressed the tip of his finger against it. I clenched as I felt it enter me, he paused, then took it out and stroked up my crack. I felt him drip saliva down there and the next time his finger pressed against my hole, it slid in further.
Gradually he pushed farther in and began to probe inside me. Years before a doctor had done that at an exam, but this was better, I enjoyed this. He slid his finger up and down me and stroked my arse. All too soon he stopped, pulled out and came to lay beside me. I looked at him as he stroked his cock, pre-cum was seeping from his cock end.
Gradually he pushed farther in and began to probe inside me. Years before, a doctor had done that at an exam, but this was better, I enjoyed this. He slid his finger up and down me and stroked my arse. All too soon he stopped, pulled out and came to lie beside me. I looked at him as he stroked his cock, pre-cum was seeping from the eye.
"Want to try this?" he asked.
"I do, but I'm nervous," I replied.
"Try, I'll stop anytime if you want," he said.
He said it'd be better if I was on top, I could be more in control. He got up, went to a cupboard and came back with a bottle of lube. I watched as he walked back, his cock bouncing as he did, a small thread of clear pre-cum dangled from it. He sat down next to me on the floor and I watched him slather lube onto his cock, plenty of it as he worked it down the length.
He told me to kneel, he spread my cheeks and I felt the cold lube on my hole, then his fingers pushing more into me. That done, he lay down, I straddled him and slowly lowered myself, he steered his cock to my hole as I did. He moved it up and over my hole, then told me to hold it against me. He spread my cheeks, his cock was there, I was ready.
I eased down, he pushed up, my sphincter clenched. "Just breathe, try to relax," he whispered. I did, he pushed again, and I felt his glans pop in. "That smarts!" I thought and groaned. "OK?" he asked.
"Mmmmm," I mumbled. I waited for a second, the sting eased, I settled down, and he pushed up. Gradually I could feel his cock slip farther, deeper until I was sitting on him, his cock fully in. As I rested I could feel him making his cock pulse inside me. "This is ok," I thought.
I eased up, then down, and we began to fuck. Then I found it easier to just rest forward and let him do the fucking, shafting in and out. My cock flapped up and down with drips of pre-cum dropping from it. He stopped, held me tight and rolled over, now him on top. My legs being held up almost round his neck. He began to fuck again, slowly in and out. I felt my prostate being stimulated.
As he fucked I soon felt my orgasm begin, slowly rising. I gripped him hard, digging my fingers into him. I heard myself grunting as a fountain of spunk fired from my prick. Blast after blast shot from me and my body jerked and shook until I finished, drained.
His pounding got harder and faster, suddenly he drove in deep and stayed. I felt his cock pulsate, he was growling and making small jerks with his hips as he filled my gut with cum. Then the jerks stopped, and he relaxed, staying engaged until I could feel his cock soften, and he slowly pulled out. That feeling as he pulled out and left me empty was unpleasant for a second but soon faded.
As he left me my hole began to sting again, and I could feel his cum ooze out. He sat back then stood up and moved away returning with a box of baby wipes. He cleaned himself and gave me some, I wiped my hole, a bit tender! He stood over me, his cock wilting, and a small drop of cum seeped from the eye.
I sat up, his cock at my eye level I couldn't resist holding it and giving it a kiss. He laughed and stroked my hair.
We sat, naked, and he got a beer which we drank and chatted about sex. My arse was stinging, and I was glad he wasn't much bigger for a first time.
"Are you in a hurry to go?" he asked.
"Not specially, but I need to be back for GF," I replied. I was close to him and put my hand on his cock, I loved that feeling and made the most of it. I played with it as we talked, and he began to harden, slowly, until it was hard again. I stroked the length, and he lay back, eyes closed and smiling.
I moved, so I could lick it, it smelt perfumed from the wipes. Slowly I had the length in my mouth. I got up and knelt between his legs and resumed sucking, also playing with his balls. As I sucked his hips moved up slightly, then his hands on my head pulling me down. I carried on sucking and squeezing his balls, he wriggled and began to sigh.
Just then he pushed my head down hard, and I felt his cock pulse and a warm gobbet of spunk filled my mouth. Then a few more gobs and he relaxed. I wasn't ready for that, but it was ok, in fact good. His cum thick and creamy, even after I'd swallowed I could feel it sticky in my mouth.
He let go of my head and I released his cock and as I moved away he said, "Sorry."
"It's ok, I wasn't ready for it, if I'd had time to think I probably wouldn't do it yet. Don't get me wrong, I wanted to do it sometime," I said; "I was nervous of it, like getting my cherry taken, but I'm good about it all."
A little later he dropped me home, I told him that I hoped this wasn't just a one off, maybe we'd see each other again?
At home, I thought it could have turned out differently, going off with a stranger, and why didn't I tell him to use a condom? That worried me 'til I'd had a clear test, phew!
I stayed away from that place for a week or so then went back, the first guy was there, as usual, and we had an uninterrupted session together. Settled me down to go back to my old ways again.
I returned most days now half hoping Brian would come, I wanted to suck a cock again.
The day of the second event, I went at about 5pm, later than usual. When I went in there were three guys in, two obviously doing stuff and another guy by himself watching. I stood at the end stall and got my cock out and began to play, as I did the pair resumed their stuff and the single guy moved, so I could see his cock. It was stiff and he was stroking himself.
He came to join me, I took a good look at his cock, 6" maybe, but thick and meaty, I held it and stroked the length. He held my limp cock, and soon it got hard. We began to wank each other, slow at first. I looked down at the two guys and one had dropped to his knees and was sucking his mate's cock. I watched him and thought, "Yeah, why not?"
I moved back a little then I was down on my knees and had my guy's cock slipping into my mouth. He purred as I began to move my lips over his thick shaft. I did that for a few seconds then let go and took him to the cubicle. I sat on the bog, then, him standing in the doorway, undid his trousers, pulled them down more and held his balls as I resumed sucking.
I was aware that the pair had finished and one had gone as the other was watching me suck. It didn't bother me being watched; in fact I was excited by it. My guy let me suck him and fondle his balls for a bit until he stopped me and pulled away. He carried on stroking himself as he moved away.
I sat up, the other guy was standing, hard cock in hand, I'd been enjoying sucking a hard cock and motioned him to join me. His cock was soon in my mouth and I sucked and licked. The other one said something and turned from watching to stand at the urinal just as another guy entered.
We couldn't hide what we were up to and the new guy stared for a second before going to the urinal. I'd stopped blowing and saw him get his cock out and turn to look at us, he showed out, so I knew he was in for the same. I soon had the cock back in my mouth and my guy was moaning a bit, suddenly he pulled out and his cock exploded. A fountain of spunk squirted from it, more squirts that splashed onto the floor until he was empty.
The new guy was stroking his hard prick as he watched all this. As I sat back and my guy left he came across to me and waved his cock at me, I nodded, another cock in my mouth. As I sucked him he started to thrust with his hips, pushing his cock into my mouth. He held my head as he pushed his cock in and out. Quite quickly he began to grunt, then he whipped his cock out and began to wank really fast.
I watched as he did until his cum seemed to ooze out, quite thick, it bubbled out and dripped to the floor in white dollops. He squeezed the last from himself, wiped his cock and put it back in his trousers, then he left. The first guy was still there, he'd been wanking as he watched me. He came back, I could see his glans was now wet with pre-cum, I licked it off, surrounded it with my lips and slid it deep in my mouth.
I started to blow him, he kept looking round at the door as I worked on him. I fondled his balls as my mouth moved over his shaft. His knees sagged a little, ball sac tightened, and he gasped quietly. I felt his cock pulse, warm spunk filled my mouth, I swallowed, another pulse, more spunk until he'd drained himself into my mouth.
I could have pulled away when I knew he was cumming, but I wanted the taste of cum again. He pulled away, and I let his wet cock slip from my mouth and swallowed the last dregs of cum. He cleaned himself, dressed then left. I needed to spunk myself, no one in, I wanked a good load over the glaze of the stalls and left a puddle of cum in the trough before I left. What fun I thought.
At home with my girlfriend, I thought about what I'd done, no idea why, no more though as I'd been lucky again that I'd not been caught out.
I went back a few days later, It was late morning, earlier than usual, pretty quiet, and I waited for about 5 minutes before I heard footsteps and a guy entered, it was Brian. "Great," I thought. He looked at me as he came in. "Hi," I said. He stood next to me. "Hi, you ok?" he asked.
"Yeah, back to normal now," I said.
"You want to come back?" he asked.
"Can't, don't have time, sorry." I wanted his cock in me again though. "Fuck?" I said and looked at the cubicle.
"Right," he answered. So, into the cubicle, door locked, a bit cramped, but good enough. He dropped his trousers and began to stroke himself while I dropped mine. He was soon hard, he had a sachet of lube, so he dosed his cock, told me to turn around and lean over the bog. His fingers worked lube into me.
I felt him rub his cock up my crack, then push against my hole, constant pressing, then a sharp push and his prick popped in, stinging which eased as he pushed in further. His prick slid deeper, then he was all in. He started to fuck holding my hips to keep me steady. He fucked hard and fast, almost urgently.
As his shaft slipped in and out I stroked my cock, pre-cum seeped from the eye dropping off as a clear filament of jizz. His fucking got harder, then his cock pulsed, and I could feel cum being squirted into me. More jerks 'til he gave one last shove and finished.
He pulled out, ugh, the feeling of emptying briefly, then a dribble of his cum. Toilet tissue to wipe himself. I was close to cumming, so I finished myself off, shooting fountains of cum onto the floor. I felt good now, I loved the feeling of my arse being pierced with a hard cock, must have more! I cleaned my cock and wiped his cum from my hole, we dressed and left, outside we chatted for a few minutes before he left.
It wasn't long after that I split with my GF, so i had to move away. It was too far to visit that cottage very often now, but when I did, I was rarely disappointed.
I started running in the park most days and there was a small cottage at Ham Gate: long urinal, and a single cubicle. There was a gravel path to the door, so plenty of warning of guys coming. It was never busy, and I soon learnt that most guys visiting were after sex.
I found that rather than standing in the place at the urinal, it was better to watch for guys going in. I would sit on the grass about 100 yards away on a small hillock, and when I saw a guy come through the gates to the park, I'd size him up. If he was ok, I'd watch to see if he was going in, wait a couple of minutes, then stroll across to join him.
My first guy there was an older guy in a suit. When I went in, he was at the urinal, hard cock, and stroking. He turned to look at me as I came in and stood next to him. I didn't wait long as I knew why he was there, so as soon as I'd got my cock out, I got closer and began to stroke his prick. His fingers closed around mine and the wanking started.
I soon felt his cock pulse and cum began to bubble from the eye of his glans, running over it and then dripping off into the trough. His cum was thick as it oozed out of his cock in short squirts. He'd stopped wanking me while he was cumming, just holding me. As soon as the last drops of his cum had dripped from his cock, he let go of me, shook his cock, put it back in his trousers, then left. "Huh, thanks mate," I thought. I wanked a load into the trough, then went home.
The next time was better: I saw a young guy in a tracksuit go in. I joined him as he stood at the urinal. He'd pulled his trackie bottoms down, so his cock and balls were on show. Nice cock too: pink glans, shaft veiny and about 7", quite slim at the tip, but gradually tapered out to the root where it was quite thick. I joined him and pulled my running shorts down and began to stroke my cock and balls.
He watched for a second before holding my prick. I reached over, and we slowly stroked pricks together. This went on for a few minutes when he moved to stand behind me. He held my cock and I could feel his other hand stroking my arse, fingers up my crack. He pressed himself closer, and his cock was against my back. He moved his hips and his cock slid it up and down my arse.
Pulling me, we went to the cubicle, closed the door, and he sat on the toilet. Then my cock was in his mouth being sucked, my balls being squeezed, then fingers roaming around my arse and to my hole. As his mouth worked on my prick, his finger found my ring, and gently he eased it in. I felt him push it further in and probe inside. He worked it in and out slowly for a while 'til he pulled it out. "You want to fuck?" he whispered.
Did I want it? I heard myself say, "Ok."
He reached into his pocket and produced condoms and lube. He took one, and he rolled down his shaft, lubed it, then gave me the lube to do myself. I didn't have time to think about anything.
He got up, and we shuffled around, I bent over and held the toilet, he stood behind me. He spread my cheeks, his fingers slid up and down my crack before he began to push one into me, probing inside my hole. Then his cock was at my hole.  
He pushed, I breathed, relaxed, his glans popped in and stopped, slim tip was ok, but stinging again. As he pushed harder his cock gradually, inch by inch, slid into me. I could feel the stretch as his shaft got thicker at the root. Finally he was fully in, down to the thickest part at the root. Holding my hips he began to fuck, pausing sometimes to listen for people coming.
He didn't take long before I felt him thrust harder and deeper, and his cock pulsed as he spunked. Several thrusts emptied his cum, and he finished with a last shove, remaining inside me, his cock twitching, then he pulled out. Again, the empty feeling as his cock left me and the stinging returned. I stood up, turned around to see his cock, shiny with the condom on, and still pretty stiff.
The condom had a decent load in it, and he pulled it off and dropped it in the toilet. He opened the door a crack to look out, still empty loo, closed it again and shuffled us around, so he was sitting on the toilet. He grabbed my cock and began to lick it, then lips around the glans. He rubbed up and down the shaft while he stimulated my glans.
His tongue was flicking over the tip, I began to jerk as my cock squirted its juices into his mouth in long jets. I finished, and he squeezed the last drops out before releasing me. Once we'd dressed I opened the door, no one about still, he left first, and I followed a minute later. He was waiting at the gate and as I got nearer he said, "I hope we'll meet again, soon."
"Me too," I said, and we went our separate ways. As I jogged home, my arse was tingling, but I was getting used to it now, and it didn't last so long.