Sessions with the Director quickly became one of the most predictable and least secure parts of Sam’s life.

Every Wednesday he would walk to the Director’s office and see the man’s cold, thoughtful face. Every Wednesday, they would work to make him an obedient monster. Mistakes were always punished, and Sam was always a useless piece of shit.

But that was where any semblance of order, structure, and predictability fell apart. Sessions could be anything, from punishments for his mistakes to lessons on hunting lore and how to incapacitate other monsters, to Sam sitting—absolutely silent, absolutely still—in a corner of the office while the Director read reports or signed papers at his desk. Not even pain was constant, though whippings and beatings were common. Sometimes the Director punished him just because he was a monster and that was what he deserved.

Ultimately, the only thing that Sam could rely on was that sessions would take place on Wednesdays and that he wouldn’t be able to rely on anything. Things that had been complimented or ignored one day could have him strung up in the interrogation room on another. Some days nothing bad happened, and those left him just as shaken, just as terrified.

Only the Director was constant. He had taken a personal interest, and he took great pains to tell Sam how very grateful he should be that a busy man, the Director of ASC, a real human being, was interested in his education. He was always there, explaining why Sam had failed this week; listening, ruler in hand, while Sam fumbled his way through an unfamiliar Latin exorcism; filling out forms, silently, while Crusher shifted from boredom and Sam kept his eyes toward the carpet while really, every second, he was watching the Director’s hands.

Sam came to believe that the Director knew everything. He knew what Sam ate, he knew who he had blown during the week and how well he slept. He knew when Crusher made a face behind his back, and he knew if Sam so much as breathed wrong in his presence.

Part of that, of course, was the cameras placed everywhere in the Director’s office, hidden behind reflective surfaces and in the dark wood paneling. But part of it was just who the Director was.

After two months of training, the Director began assigning Sam as his servant at dinner whenever he stayed over at the camp on a day that wasn’t Wednesday.

“You should be grateful I am allowing you the opportunity to be instructed outside of the usual sessions,” he said. “Indeed, I can only devote time to your situation on Wednesdays because the inevitable bureaucracy of ASC requires that I spend at least one evening here, at FREACS, for paperwork and reflection. Perhaps, with the addition of these dinner hours, you will learn more quickly how to stop being a useless freak.”

Sam was grateful for the extra time with the Director. He was grateful for anything that would make the pain go away.

During the second week of dinners with the Director, Sam knelt at the side of the long conference table, face pointed toward the Director’s feet while his eyes watched for any sign or direction. The Director sat at the head of the table eating messily, a second, empty place setting beside him.

Sam had learned early on that he was not the one sitting at that second place. Not that he really would have expected to eat with the Director, but the first time he had made even tentative movements toward that second chair, Karl—standing in that day for Crusher—had knocked him to the ground and beaten him until there was barely an inch of his back that wasn’t black and blue the next day.

That first dinner had been horrible, almost as bad as a session, but after he learned what was expected, for once the perfection the Director demanded was possible. As long as he knelt silently, responded instantly to the smallest indication of an order, kept the Director’s water glass full, and brought the courses out in the right order at the right temperature, he was generally safe.

It wouldn’t have been bad at all, except for the hunger. They had put the camp on half-rations again, something about negative behavior, just when Sam had hit another one of his almost unnatural growth spurts. Two pieces of bread and one bowl of soup—more water than broth—left him feeling hollowed out and desperate, like his body was consuming everything inside him—organs, bones, muscles—so that it could shoot upward. Sometimes he thought his body hoped he could escape Freak Camp if he could just get tall enough to reach past the fence.

Worst of all, when the Director was done with his meal—for a painfully careful, precise man, he ate like a monster, scraps everywhere, bits of food scattered across the napkin he tucked fastidiously into the top of his shirt—he would calmly dump everything he didn’t eat straight in the garbage bag Sam brought him. Every time, it hurt to see delicacies like duck, potato, and vegetables that he couldn’t name—but which scented the air with flavors he could just barely imagine—dumped in a featureless plastic bag.

This time the Director glanced at him between bites. It made Sam’s mouth dry with fear, but he didn’t move.

“Hungry?” the Director asked.

Sam froze. There was no good answer to that. But that didn’t mean he could lie. The Director would know, and that would be punished, too. “Yes, sir.”

The Director smiled, and another piece of meat fell off his fork and onto the table beside his plate. “’The scraps from the children’s dinner,” he murmured. Then he deliberately brushed the meat off the table and onto the floor. He met Sam’s eyes—before Sam could wildly look away. “If you are hungry, eat.”

Cautiously, feeling the trick and not sure when or how it would appear, Sam reached forward. He shouldn’t be doing this, he knew it, but his body could not look at that scrap and walk away.

When his fingers were over the meat, the Director kicked him in the head.

Sam fell away, pretending to be hit harder than he was, even though the Director probably knew to the ounce of pressure how hard he had actually kicked him. Sam tried to curl up to protect his head and keep his eyes watching the Director at the same time, waiting for the next blow, but the Director didn’t even look angry. “Eat it properly,” he said, “for what you are.”

Sam understood what he meant almost immediately. Some piece deep inside him was terrified at how easy it was to understand. But that was not the part of him that kept him alive. It’s true, you are, he thought. Just do it.

Then he leaned forward and picked the meat off the floor with his teeth. When he looked up, the Director was smiling. He deliberately pushed another piece of food off the table.

“Good boy,” he said. “Smart boy.”

That Wednesday, the Director let Crusher use the prod because Sam had not thanked him for the meal.

~*~

Sessions were generally just under two hours, but even that wasn’t certain. They could vary wildly, from the one time that the session had lasted exactly long enough for Sam to perfectly recite a Latin exorcism from memory—he knew he had done it right because the demon chained in the Director’s interrogation room had writhed, flowed out of its host’s mouth, and vanished through the drain—to one night Sam tried to forget, when the session had gone past midnight, and Crusher had hosed him down in the interrogation room instead of Sam trying to make it to the showers.

Every Wednesday, Sam learned he had failed to live up to the Director’s expectations that week, studied how they could work together to make Sam more than a useless monster—“Almost not good enough for the bullet to put you down”—and what exactly his punishments would be. Sometimes lessons came before pain, sometimes after, sometimes during, and the lessons ranged from general knowledge of North American geography and supernatural weaknesses to developing skills like Latin recitation and knife moves.

Sam absorbed the lessons quickly, because his memory, which had always been good, became a survival skill. He couldn’t hesitate, he couldn’t be distracted. He had to correctly interpret every single cue the Director had taught him and perform whatever task he was given quickly and without error, or he would receive one of the Director’s punishments, which were unlike and subtly worse than any interrogation he’d endured before he met the Director.

If Sam were lucky, the Director would give him the instructions, step by step, and let him ask questions to clarify the point. Other times, he would rattle off a long list of instructions, often involving complex activities. Mistakes or hesitations were punished. The Director showed him a picture of a devil’s trap once for exactly ten seconds, then told him to reproduce it in chalk on the floor. He watched Sam fumble over the details, then made him repeat each piece until he got it right, this time as Crusher applied hot irons to the soles of his feet.

The next week, Sam drew it perfectly. And then he was given another task.

After three months of Wednesdays, when Sam walked in at the Director’s curt “Enter,” there was another man sitting at the table across from the Director, between Sam and Crusher. The man had a beer and the remains of a good meal in front of him—Sam felt his stomach twist a little in hunger, but breakfast had been edible, and soon enough he wouldn’t want anything in his stomach anyway—while the Director drank his carefully prepared tea.

“Sirs,” Sam said softly, then walked to his usual pre-session place at the side of the door. He didn’t know if this was a test or if their discussion was going to be delayed, but it was best to behave as though it were a test. If it wasn’t yet, the Director could make it one at any time.

Sam was sure the Director drank beer and harder alcohol when he was at home—he had mentioned it once or twice—but Sam had never seen him drink anything but tea or water. The Director believed that any kind of influence while working intimately with monsters was tantamount to blinding the entire support network and making oneself the weakest link in any given defensive or offensive unit. The one time a guard came drunk to his post—and brought a gallon of rotgut moonshine to pass around to the other guards and a couple “special” monsters—the man had been whipped publicly during an assembly.

The stranger looked Sam up and down and snorted. He was a ratty-looking man, but his suit was of very high quality and the rings on his fingers flashed gold. “So, this is the monster you were telling me about?” he asked dubiously. “So well trained you could snap and he’d do anything you wanted?”

The Director smiled calmly. Sam saw the expression out of his peripheral vision, but kept his eyes on the Director’s hands. While vocal commands were still commands, the Director was often too busy to waste time speaking to filth like Sam when a gesture could suffice. Because Sam was watching his hands, he saw the two-fingered twitch, and knelt gracefully.

The stranger had been sneering—Sam wondered distantly how he had the balls to sneer at the Director; even guards who called him a tee-totalling prude were very careful to say it behind his back and in hushed, bitter voices (so far behind his back, indeed, that they wouldn’t even say it in front of Sam anymore, afraid he might spill something during an interrogation that would get them a private session of their own)—but now his head snapped to Sam, and then turned back to the Director.

“Did you tell him to do that?” he asked.

“Yes,” the Director said. “88UI6703 is very bright, for a freak.”

“Make him…make him do something else.”

Sam saw the come here flick, but not coupled with slight raise that would mean get up first, so he crawled. He crawled slowly but steadily on his hands and knees and kept his head down until he was about two feet away from the Director and then stopped. That was as close as he deserved to come to a real without express permission.

He didn’t look at the stranger’s face, but he could hear the amazement and something more in his voice. Sam let his eyes flicker sideways to where Crusher stood, one hand holding a cutting whip, the other clenched at his side. Crusher was, predictably, hard, and he had the familiar brutal lust in his eyes.

Maybe I can get a sandwich out of him later, Sam thought idly, before returning his eyes to the floor.

“How are you doing that?” the stranger asked. “When you said you were training the freaks to be useful, I thought you were insane, Jonah, just insane, but that…that was something…my wife’s dog doesn’t obey like that, and she’s taken it to more schools than a Ph.D dropout.”

“He’s a freak, Senator,” the Director answered dryly. “Much as I hate to admit it, he’s quite a bit smarter than a dog. I use hand motions when I don’t want to bother vocalizing basic instructions. Granted, this one has taken to the training rather better than most, but just kneeling and crawling is not that impressive. He can do quite a bit more than that, can’t he, Mr. Rosenstein?”

Crusher jerked in a breath and nodded. “Yes, sir,” he said. “Pre—the freak’s…good at a lot of things, sir.”

“What—“ The senator put down his beer. “What kinds of things?”

He seemed to have trouble breathing as well. Of all the men in the room, only the Director was completely calm, completely placid. Sam couldn’t stop his heartrate from picking up. He doubted the senator cared about geological formations in the American southwest.

The Director thought for a second, eyes steady on his guest, before they flickered to Crusher, moved to Sam, and then back. "By all reports, he's quite skilled with his mouth. Would you like to see for yourself, Senator?”

“His…mouth? You mean…?” The stranger stopped and wiped his greasy fingers on the napkin on his lap.

“Quite so,” the Director said. “Mr. Rosenstein can corroborate.”

“Yeah,” Crusher said. “He’s…yeah. I…yeah. Sir.”

“Would you be interested, Senator?” the Director asked, reaching for the teapot and pouring himself a second cup.

The man stared.

“Sir,” Crusher said, moving forward slightly. “If Pr—if the freak’s sucking him off, can I—“

“No, Mr. Rosenstein.” The Director’s tone made Sam wince, grateful that it wasn’t directed toward him. “No, you may not.”

“But, sir.”

The Director turned, actually turned in his chair, to fix his steel gray eyes on the guard. “You will control yourself and do your job, Mr. Rosenstein, or you will leave this room, do you understand?” His tone was crisp and cutting.

The guard straightened. “Yes, sir.”

“Are you staying, or should you get your…relief before this continues?”

Crusher glanced at Sam. “I’m staying, sir.”

“And I want that,” said the senator, breaking in. “I want…”

The Director smiled into his tea. “Yes, I thought you might.” He jerked his head at Sam. “Blow him.”

Sam moved. He crawled to the stranger, who was watching him in horrified, aroused fascination. Sam opened the man’s fly and took the man’s mostly hard dick into his mouth without hesitation. It was fairly easy from there. The man had a death grip on the arms of his chair and couldn’t seem to do anything but make sharp, high-pitched whines while Sam worked him with his mouth and bobbed with the involuntary thrust of his hips.

When the senator came, Sam swallowed him. When he practically collapsed into his chair, for lack of further instructions, Sam lapped at his cock for another second and then slid back to the required couple of feet.

“Oh. My. God,” the senator said, shakily.

“I take it he performed well?” The Director sipped his tea while Sam tried to get the taste out of his mouth without making any movement that would call attention to what he was doing. He tried to swallow everything down so that his mouth could just taste like saliva again, but it was always hard. In Head Alley at least he could spit and hack after the guards were away.

“Fuck,” the man said.

“You can help me, then, with your opinion,” the Director said. “Did he perform well enough that I should waive the usual punishment for touching a real human being without his permission?”

Sam froze, completely unable to breathe, to expand his ribcage, to feel anything beneath the pounding in his ears. How could he have been so stupid? There was always a test, always more beneath the Director’s commands, and he should have fucking known better than to assume that it would be all right just because he was clearly not the only one the Director was training today.

Touching a real without explicit permission or orders, even when they had said yes to the blow job, even when they clearly wanted it, or were touching him, was equivalent to hitting a guard. Monsters routinely got gang-fucked or lost limbs or went to Special Research—or all three—for even implying that they were going to fight back.

It took all his self-control not to panic, not to throw himself on his stomach and crawl to the Director’s chair begging apologies, not to run right there and hope that Crusher accidentally killed him. Because this too was a test, and Crusher would never kill him, would never step that far out of line unless the Director explicitly said he could.

And begging wouldn’t help. Never had helped unless that was what the Director had told him to do. Then, sometimes, if he did it well enough, if he repeated enough of what the Director had told him about what an abomination he was, about how much he deserved the pain, if he created new ways to say that he was sorry, then the Director would have the pain stop because he understood his lessons.

But he had to really understand. He couldn’t just say the words and expect any kind of consideration.

“He…he had to ask permission?” the senator asked.

“Of course,” the Director said. “He’s just a freak. You could have made him beg to have your cock in his mouth, or told him exactly what he should do with his tongue against your head, or come onto his face, if you’d like.”

The senator took a hard breath, and Sam could see his cock twitching again, starting to rise. “Maybe…maybe next time?” he asked. “Next time I could…”

The Director smiled. “Yes, next time. I’m still waiting for your opinion on the punishment.”

“I think he was good enough that this time…this time…”

“This time only,” the Director said smoothly. “That sounds reasonable. But a bit too merciful. Would you mind terribly if I altered that a bit, disciplined him lightly?”

The senator shook his head. “I don’t know.”

“I shall then.” The Director looked at Sam. “Tonight you will stay where I put you, remain silent unless I speak to you, as though you had been bound and gagged. If you move from where I put you, if you make an undue amount of noise…you will be restrained and I will do what is necessary to educate you. Do you understand?”

“Yes, sir,” Sam said.

The Director smiled at him, his calmest, most satisfied, most pleased smile, and then turned to the senator whose cock was already half hard and who was watching Sam’s mouth with the same hunger he saw in the guards’ eyes when they watched his ass.

“Next time you come to this facility to threaten to cut ASC funding, Senator, I want you to remember two things,” he said. “One,” he gestured at Sam, “the good work we do controlling, confining and training supernaturals to useful tasks -- and two,” he gestured vaguely toward the ceiling, “that I have video of you with your cock down a monster’s throat, and clearly enjoying it.”

Every corner in Freak Camp had its own video camera. Sam knew that the ones in the Director’s offices were strictly private.

Stupid man, even if he is a real, he thought as the senator gaped at the Director, thinly disguised terror in his eyes. Fighting only gets you hurt.

~*~

Sam knelt where he had been told in the round, cement-floored interrogation room with the other monster, and gritted his teeth together while the Director worked his back with the riding crop. It didn’t really hurt that much—the Director admitted he had done very little to deserve pain that week—but he wanted to be ready to make no sound in case the Director decided to do something different without warning him.

Much as he hated the ball gag always sliding halfway down his throat—he’d had worse down his throat, but usually blowing the guards was over with quickly—he almost missed it. The ball in his mouth nicely limited the sounds he was capable of making, not just the ones he was permitted to make, and gave him something to bite down on other than his own tongue.

The Director spoke as he whipped him, trying to goad Sam into hitting him, but that was all just white noise to Sam beneath the familiar feel of the crop against his skin. He knew he was a coward, knew he would never have the suicidal bravery nor the evil vindictiveness required to strike the Director. Just the thought made Sam shiver a little harder under the next stroke; it would never fucking work. If anything, he was confused about why the Director was even suggesting it. Usually during beatings the Director calmly explained what he had done wrong, what Sam could have done differently to avoid the current pain—if he wasn’t such a fucking stupid monster that couldn’t really stop himself from doing stupid things—but most of all, how Sam must labor incessantly not to be a waste of the resources it took to keep him alive.

Mostly, Sam considered that white noise as well, even when he believed it. But he thought it made a lot more sense than what the Director was saying now.

The whip paused, and the Director used it to tilt his head up. Sam obediently looked at him but not in his eyes.

“You know your place,” he said, and Sam shivered under the mild satisfaction in his voice. “Under my whip, my voice, my control. “ He turned away, sliding the whip under Sam’s chin like a parting caress, and looked at the other monster, a shapeshifter currently wearing the body of a middle-aged man. “Now what about you?”

The shifter was bound but not gagged, and the cords around his wrists were just thin nylon and loosely tied, no real restraint for a monster of his type. Sam hated those thin cords (they held him just fine), much preferring the wide metal cuffs, even though the unpadded ones chafed, because they more widely distributed pressure. Even when his wrists were bruised and raw from the metal bands after a particularly enthusiastic interrogation, Sam preferred them to the feeling that he was cutting off his own hands every time he couldn’t stop writhing against his bonds.

The Director set the crop against the other monster’s shoulder. “I asked you a question, freak. Are you a good little dog, too? Are you going to lick my boots and Mr. Rosenstein's cock if I tell you to? Are you going to roll over and beg too?”

Sam held still even after the cock comment, let himself step mentally away from the interrogation—was it really an interrogation if no one asked questions? At least not questions they expected to be answered?—in the way he had learned since the Director had taken an interest in his life. No longer was it safe to blank out, to withdraw completely from what was being done to and with him. He had to be thinking and responding, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t think about things other than his personal terror, couldn’t analyze the blood splatters on the walls or think about the anomalies in the interrogation.

Because there was something very off about the whole night, and Sam began carefully breaking the situation down so that he could stop his heart from beating wildly in his chest, terrified of what was coming next.

For one, the Director was handling the whip himself, which he rarely did. He preferred to observe and give quiet instructions to whichever guard was assisting. But tonight he flicked the lash, and the silver-studded head left little bloody welts across the shifter’s skin. “Just going to lie there, aren’t you, freak?” the Director said calmly. “Good. Take it like the dog you are.”

The shifter looked enraged, and his hands twisted against the nylon. Just do what he says, Sam thought dully.Whatever you think you can try, it won’t work.

Whatever kind of monster Sam was, telepathy was not one of his abilities.

Probably the shifter thought that he had the upper hand, when the Director walked past him and turned slightly, as though distracted by something. Crusher was against the far wall, and the man—monster, Sam corrected himself—took his opportunity.

Sam could have told him that the Director’s attention had never left him. He knew, after five months, exactly when the Director’s eyes were finally off him, and it was very very rare.

With a roar, the shifter wrenched his hands out of the nylon and lunged for the Director’s throat.

In a move that he had been showing Sam—again and again with Sam flying against the wall until the movement was beaten into his bones—the Director caught the shifter’s charge, threw him into the wall, and punched him hard in the throat, leading with the silver rings on his right hand. In that moment, the placid, venom-voiced real became the fit, lean, deadly hunter he had been before taking over ASC and FREACS—and still was, beneath the illusion of age and deskwork.

The Director stepped back, a slight smile on his face, barely breathing hard, while the monster choked. “Mr. Rosenstein,” he said, “I think the dog just hit me. That’s a bad idea. Cut that thought into its skin, please, somewhere it will remember it.”

Crusher grinned and snapped out a sharp, silver knife. “Yes, sir.”

Sam breathed very carefully, looking down at the floor. He didn’t think the pain would be his any more, but he did not want to be there, he did not want—

“Watch,” the Director said, and Sam turned his head toward where Crusher was crouching to pin the shifter to the wall, to get a better angle for his knife. He could watch Crusher’s back, maybe, the flex of his wrists, and not actually have to see what was ripping the noises out of the shapeshifter’s mouth.

The screams began like any normal, human scream, and quickly became high-pitched and staccato. They stayed like that, more like a wounded animal than a human being, until the shapeshifter’s voice wore out and he had almost no visible skin left.

Sam was familiar with the raspy, broken whimpers the shifter was making. He had made them himself more than once, but it had never taken so little time. Then again, he supposed that Crusher had never been allowed to cut his skin off.

He felt almost nothing, because he couldn’t afford that. The shifter hadn’t been one of the worst—he’d grabbed for Kayla’s food once, but she had shoved her fist down his throat, and he hadn’t bothered her again—but he also wasn’t a friend. He was just there.

When Crusher cut the shifter’s throat—with an iron knife, just to cut the sounds—the Director got up from the chair where he had been reading a grimoire. He looked down at the shredded, weakly twitching body of the shapeshifter and then glanced at Crusher.

“Perhaps a little too thorough, Mr. Rosenstein,” he said. “Almost not worth dragging it to Special Research.”

“I could…” Crusher began, reaching for his silver knife, but the Director held up his hand.

“Not worth your time,” he said. He glanced at Sam and beckoned with a flick of his fingers.

Sam stood as quickly as he could with his knees half-locked from being in that one position on the cold floor through the beating and the torture—someone else tonight, thank God, he thought. Stumbling slightly, he walked to where the Director waited just out of the shifter’s reach.

The Director was not a particularly tall man, and Sam always hunched instinctively just to make very sure that he would not seem greater than him.

The Director took a silver blade out of his belt—he hadn’t even bothered to reach for it when the shifter attacked him, that confident about his own ability—and threw it on the floor by the half-dead monster. “Kill it,” he said.

Sam moved in, scooped up the knife, and cut the shapeshifter’s throat as deep and as fast as he could, like he had been taught, beaten more than once because the Director found the jerk of his hands through the air, cutting an imaginary throat with an imaginary knife, unsatisfactory. Then he stabbed down into the heart for good measure. When he was done, he cleaned the knife carefully on his pants before placing it exactly where the Director had thrown it and returning to his place at the Director’s side.

The gray-eyed man smiled and exchanged a glance with Crusher that Sam couldn’t interpret. Sam winced slightly when the Director’s hand came up to touch the back of his head. “Did you enjoy it? You’re a monster, so I hope you enjoyed it. At least you’ve finally learned your lessons on how to use the knife correctly.”

For the first time, Sam felt a little sick. He’d felt nothing at all when he slit the other monster’s throat, not even the adrenaline he usually felt when he had to defend himself. It had been a mercy when he pushed the knife through the already fusing, healing flesh; if he felt anything, it was dim envy like a deep, throbbing bruise. But now he wondered if it were true, if he should have liked it. What would the Director do because he had not shown his enjoyment enough?

Dean wouldn’t want you to be a monster and hurt people, a little voice inside him whispered.

He told it to shut the fuck up and hoped the Director hadn’t seen the jump in his jaw when he couldn’t shut down the thought entirely. It had been five months, five long months, since Dean had come to see him. Never before had he stayed away longer than two, and that had been when they were children, before he could drive himself to camp, and the one time that Dean had been suspended. Five months with the Director telling him every Wednesday, and often other days of the week, how little he deserved even hope, even the thought he might glimpse Dean again. A monster like him didn’t deserve Dean Winchester in his life in any capacity. He was a selfish, horrible monster for ever wanting that.

Probably Dean knows what a worthless dog you are, he told himself. Probably that’s why he’s not coming back. Knows he’s safer and better without you.

What he had to do now was survive—or not survive—what the Director would do to him for backsliding into pointless, undeserved hope.

But the Director just patted him on the head, smiling that same, pleased smile. “Good boy,” he said. “Put the body on the corpse cart, scrub the floor and yourself.”

Sam moved quickly, dragging the shifter to the side of the interrogation room where the cart waited, then getting the harsh soap and water from the wall tap. The soap stung his hands as he ground the blood out of the concrete with a stiff bristled brush, and then burned his back when he dumped the water over his head and scrubbed the welts the crop had left—such light injuries tonight—with his shirt.

When he was done, Crusher tossed him a new shirt and pants, and Sam stripped and put the old clothing, neatly folded, on the cart below the body. He tried hard while he took off his pants not to care how close Crusher stood and how his breathing picked up.

When he was done, Sam returned to the same position before the Director.

The man looked him over from head to toe and then glanced at the damp floor, as though he hadn’t been watching the entire process carefully and making occasional slight movements with his crop when he thought that Sam could improve or had been about to miss a blood splatter.

There had been very few of those little movements. Sam was thorough and careful.

“Good enough,” he said. “Now get out of my sight.”

Sam bowed slightly and went swiftly, but without hurry, from the chamber, closing the door gently on his way out. When he felt the door latch softly under his hand, he let out a shaky breath and walked as fast as he could without actually running out of Administration. He had survived another Wednesday.

~*~

Crusher ran a hand over his groin, but stopped when the Director looked at him with unconcealed revulsion.

“Sorry, sir,” he said, straightening.

“Disgusting,” the Director said. “If he weren’t a freak, he’d be younger than my niece. Control yourself, Mr. Rosenstein, or I will.”

Crusher scowled. “You don’t seem to mind during interrogations.” Then he took a good look at the Director’s face, swallowed carefully and added: “Sir.”

The Director’s face flickered with a smile. “Well, Dean Winchester seems to share your perversions, so when it is convenient—and you gentlemen are clearly so willing to instruct—I take all steps to ensure that 88UI6703 is as satisfactory as possible in every way. I may not approve of his sexual preferences, but he is Mary’s son and already a hunter worthy of the name.” The smile faded, but the sincerity still in his voice was chilling. “And that’s really all that matters.” He looked at Crusher again. “You may go now, Mr. Rosenstein.”

If the guard noticed how the Director had used the same tone on him as he had used on the freak, he gave no sign. “Yes, sir,” he said, and left.

~*~

The Director took a last bite of his steak, removed the gravy-stained napkin from his neck, and leaned back in satisfaction. “The cook at FREACS is truly excellent,” he said. “I’m surprised he’s not working for some stuff-shirted bureaucrat in Washington, the things he can do with a basic steak.”

He wasn’t talking to Sam, and thus wouldn’t expect a response. Sam, on his knees beside the conference table, kept his eyes locked on the area of the Director’s hands, his breathing perfectly even, his expression empty but alert, and did his best not to smell the food, not to look at it, not to think about it. God, he hadn’t eaten more than stale bread and water—most days not even that—in a week and a half.

And then his stomach growled.

He couldn’t stop his breath from hitching at the sudden surge of terror. Wait wait wait, he told himself, fingernails digging into his palms to give himself a focus for the panic. Moving now would just make it worse. Begging before he was given permission would just make it worse worse worse.

When the Director pushed his plate over the side of the table, crashing the cheap ceramic against the wooden floor beneath the conference table and scattering food everywhere, Sam couldn’t stop himself from jerking. But he managed to make no sound.

The Director sat back. "Clean it up...any way you want. As long as you remember what you are."

Sam crawled forward, head down, words spilling off his lips automatically, requiring disturbingly little conscious thought anymore. “Thank you, sir. Thank you for this food, sir.” And then he lowered his mouth to the steak bits and lukewarm potatoes and began to eat as quickly as he could without making any noise.

He flinched involuntarily when he felt the Director’s hand in his hair, but the Director made the little sound that meant Sam should continue doing exactly what he had been doing, so he continued eating, expecting any second for the Director to jerk his head up or kick him away. But there was no pain and no attack. Instead he ate, while the Director’s hand stroked his head the way another man might pet a dog.

~*~

Sam was exhausted. Hollowed out, hungry and exhausted from not enough sleep and not enough food. Wednesday hadn’t been bad, as far as Wednesdays went, but it was always dangerous to sleep, to let his guard down even a little bit on Thursdays, even when he knew Kayla would watch his back, at least as far as making noise if someone tried to sneak around behind him. And now it was Friday, and he was kneeling silently against the wall, eyes locked on the Director’s hands as he had his dinner.

Crusher stood in the corner, slowly smacking his club into his gloved hand while he watched Sam.

After about ten minutes of the steady slap, slap, slap, the Director put down his fork and turned to Crusher, mouth pursed in irritation.

“Would you stop doing that?” he snapped. “I’m having dinner. Water.” That last was for Sam. Quickly, silently, he rose, got the pitcher of clear, filtered ice-water from the counter-top and refilled the Director’s glass. The water glass, not the wine glass that had remained unused. He concentrated hard on not letting his exhaustion affect his hand's steadiness. He couldn’t let a single drop spill.

“I don’t like it, sir,” Crusher said.

If the Director had looked at Sam that way, he would have been shaking, but Crusher just looked uneasy. “You are under no obligation to guard me, Mr. Rosenstein,” the Director said.

“Not that, sir.” Crusher jerked his head at Sam. “It’s just…you’ve said the progress has been good, but the little freak’s still…”

“An ass-virgin?”

“Unidentified, sir.”

The sneer on the Director’s face faded until he looked thoughtful. “True.” He looked at Sam, and even though he didn’t look nearly as irritated as he had, Sam couldn’t stop the slight tremors from moving through his hands. “What did you have in mind? Bear in mind the restrictions I have put in place.”

Crusher shrugged, trying to look casual, but Sam could see how the muscles had tensed in his arms and how he was starting to get a hard-on. “Just a little rough interrogation, sir,” he said. “One more, just to be sure the freak’s not hiding something nasty behind that pretty face.”

The Director thought. Sam found himself counting every soft click of the great clock in the office, trying to bring his heartbeat down to that pace. Because if he let it race, if he they saw the way the blood pounded in his face, if they knew he knew how bad it could go….

“I think that’s reasonable,” the Director said, slowly. “But remember the restrictions.”

Crusher grinned, and Sam lost control of his breathing, control of his pulse. “Yes, sir,” he said. “I can do that, sir.”

~*~

Sam was no stranger to “rough” interrogations. He still had them once in a while when the guards, the Director, or the ASC wanted to show a new hunter some weapon they had perfected, the prods, the techniques that worked best. Granted, mostly he had Wednesdays, the inevitable progression of Wednesdays—so often worse than interrogations—but it wasn’t like he had forgotten what it was like when they would tie him to a chair and try to cut the truth out of—or into—him.

But they hadn’t asked what kind of freak he was in a hell of a long time. He guessed that when he was Winchester’s pet monster, or the guards’ whore, or the Director’s project, it didn’t really matter what kind of freak he was.

This time it was different. Terrifyingly different. There were five or seven—Sam couldn’t keep track, they seemed to change, and they kept a blindfold on him half the time—and they changed, passed him around, each took a turn doing whatever they could to him, anything that wouldn’t mark him up too bad, lose him a limb, or scar his face.

“What are you, Pretty Freak?” Crusher purred in his ear while he bent his wrist backward almost to the breaking point and slid his other hand down to Sam’s crotch. “Come on, flash me some teeth, throw me across the room, hit me with a little mojo. I can take it. You know you want it.”

If I could, if I could, if I could, Sam thought, the pain making his vision go white and snowy around the edges as Crusher’s hands went everywhere.

When the blindfold went on—and the muzzle that kept his mouth open so he couldn’t bite down, even by accident—they started pushing him to his knees and beating him while he sucked them off. They still asked the question—voices he knew, voices he didn’t—taunting him to show them he was a freak even though at that point he didn’t think they thought that he had anything special.

If he had any gift, any power, he wished it would come now. He wished he could kill them all. Or that it could be over faster. Sometimes through the hours he just wanted it to be over, all over, that they'd push him past the point of feeling anything ever again and there would be nothing left to do but put him in the incinerator.

“Maybe he’s a fuck-freak,” Mark grunted as he thrust. “Not good for anything but—God—tongue—fuck!”

“Told you,” Victor said, sliding his crowbar slowly up Sam’s chest.

“Yeah,” Mark panted. “Well, exaggeration, you know. Fuck. You made me a monster-fucker.”

“First time?” Sam didn’t know that voice.

“First time like this. Fucking Winchester. No wonder.”

Crusher. “That’s what they all say.”

And then they laughed.

By the time they got to waterboarding, Sam wasn’t sure how he was still breathing. They had tried not to hit him hard enough to break anything, just to leave bruises everywhere, deep bone-bruises that made it hurt to move even when they weren’t hitting him, but he was pretty sure he had a couple cracked ribs. And it was hard, so hard when they shoved his head into a dirty bucket, or slid the hose directly into his mouth, to wait until there was air to fill his aching lungs.

Why don’t you just fucking breathe, the little voice that wasn’t numb and far away said. It would be so easy. They would never notice. You might die anyway.

And that lit up the old associations. Dean. He had to stay alive, he had to keep gasping air through his abraded throat, raw from screaming and choking on them. Because Dean had promised, and even though Sam didn’t think he was coming back, knew he didn’t deserve Dean to come back, he couldn’t give up. That would be like saying he didn’t believe in Dean.

He knew that Dean had done his best. Sam was just too hopeless for even Dean’s best to be enough.

He was weeping, choking, breaking down, the thin numb edges in his mind dissolving and sliding toward blessed unconsciousness and even more blessed death (I’m sorry, Dean. I tried, really did, but I can’t stop them. If they don’t stop…) when Crusher pulled his head close.

“I can stop it,” he said, hand kneading the sluggishly bleeding skin of Sam’s shoulder. “I can make it all end.”

Sam looked at him. It was just a movement of his eyes—motor function seemed to have cut out a while ago, and they had just been passing him back and forth like a rag doll—but Crusher saw. He leaned so close that Sam could feel his hot breath on his ear, could smell the Tabasco sauce on his breath.

“Let me fuck you,” he breathed. “Just say yes, freak, and we’ll all stop. He can’t touch me if you say yes.”

Sam stared. Fuck. Fuckfuckfuck. He thought he was past fear. Fear had slid away hours ago into blankness, into nothing at all. But this was a rush of pure terror, of the sudden need to fight, to stop, to say No, no, no. But he couldn’t move his mouth quite right (fuck, did they break his jaw?) and all he could think was No, no, no, that’s Dean’s, only Dean fuck fuck no no no.

Somehow, he managed the word, the only word he wanted. “No.”

Crusher snarled into his face, his hand tightening around Sam’s throat before he threw him back into another guard’s arms.

“Dump him again,” he said. “He can’t even fucking answer a question right.”

And every time after that Sam still answered ‘no’. Until he couldn’t even hear the questions any more.

~*~

When Sam got his eyes open and the bright infirmary room finally came into focus, he had no idea who the gray-clothed monster sitting in the chair, staring at him, was. Then he remembered Kayla had taken on another new, uglier face recently.

"I heard them say you were as dumb as a dog," she said, monotone voice as flat as ever. "But it's not true. You're even dumber."

Sam blinked twice, wondering if this would make any sense if he hadn't been kicked in the head so many times.

She continued to stare at him, face as expressionless as the blank white wall behind her. Maybe shapeshifters had to get used to showing emotion on new faces, or maybe this was just Kayla. She went on at last. "Even dogs know when to roll over and die. Every stupid animal does. Why don't you, Sam?"

He closed his eyes, but she kept talking.

"You stupid—lucky—stupid son of a bitch. If they gave me just one chance, I'd've jumped on it. I'd've gone through the incinerator by now, whoosh, where none of them could ever touch me again. Why don't you, Sam? Is it true, then, do you like what they do to you?"

At that, Sam mustered what was left of his voice, shredded from screams. "No." It hurt, coming out.

"Then why don't you die, you stupid whore!" Kayla didn't raise her voice, but it came out in a furious, contorted hiss. That might have been emotion, he thought distantly. "Give up. Just give up already. You've been here longer than any of us, it's time for you to go."

Sam shook his head, eyes still closed.

Now Kayla's voice rose in pitch, though still kept low enough that none of the reals that worked in the infirmary would hear. "Why? Why the fuck not? What is wrong with you?" He offered no answer, and after a moment her voice dropped back down to the monotone. "It's that hunter boy, isn't it. You're waiting for him. Because he said—"

Sam didn't answer. Didn't move.

There was silence, and then Kayla made a strange sound, almost like a cough. It might have been her attempt at a laugh. Then her chair legs squeaked back as she stood up. "You really are dumb as shit. He's fucking you over like every other hunter, like every other real. He's not coming for you, Sam. He'd probably be laughing at you right now if he knew how much you believed him."

Sam rolled over, away from her, even though his ribs and head seemed about to split open. "Go away, Kayla."

After a moment, he heard soft footsteps across the floor and the window open and shut.

He promised. Dean promised. And he's always followed through on his promises. Sam had no belief that he would survive until Dean came for him - not that Dean was coming for him anymore. If he was going to be honest with himself, he hoped with more faith for his own death than for Dean.

He wouldn’t court death. He wouldn’t ask them for it. He wouldn’t be the one that broke Dean’s promise. But he could feel death coming for him anyway -- more surely, more truly, than Dean’s promise had ever been.

He didn’t even have the strength to hate himself for giving up.

~*~

When Sam limped into the Director’s office, head down, the Director was as he always was, a cool, cold-eyed presence. But there was a more careful look in his eye.

The guard was new. New to Freak Camp, not just to the Director’s sessions. Sam looked at him a little longer than he should have. It hurt to move, hurt to breathe sometimes, and that slowed his reaction times, slowed them dangerously. He knew he had to ignore the pain, get himself up to speed—they wouldn’t possibly keep him in the infirmary that much longer, he didn’t have that kind of hope—but it was so hard.

The Director saw the look. He saw everything. Sam didn’t have the energy to even be afraid. He had felt numb since the interrogation. Blank. He was torn between being terrified of this hollow feeling and hoping that it just stayed until he died. It wouldn’t be that long now, not with how damn little he could care about his own self-preservation.

“Mr. Rosenstein is on suspension, as is Mr. Todd. Though I suspect for this stunt Mr. Rosenstein will be out for a good bit longer, and he will not be rejoining us for our little conversations.” The Director smiled, but it was not a happy smile. Sam wasn’t sure what was going on, but he didn’t think that it really had that much to do with him. “He did not have proper authorization for the damage he inflicted.” 

The Director was pissed, but not at Sam. Sam wondered if it would still hurt.

But instead of telling Sam how he had fucked up that week (and the week before, when he had been in the infirmary) the Director told him to get him a glass of water and did paperwork at his huge desk.

That Wednesday, for the first Wednesday in a long time, Sam had a quiet hour without any new pain, and afterward went back to the infirmary where he didn’t have to be afraid of the monsters in the dark.

He didn’t think it would last, but while it did, he curled up, hid his eyes, and slept as deeply as he could.