Cassiel really, really hated fighting with Uriel. Everybody hated fighting with Uriel, so it was no particular surprise that Cassiel did. It was a rare event, to be fair, but not exactly a fun one.

"No, no, and also no," Uriel said. He was gesturing more broadly with each repetition, arms crossing then sweeping out to the side in denial. "You don't know what you're asking of me, Cass."

The trouble was that Uriel got completely unreasonable when he was stressed out. Most most of the time, he did everything he could to avoid facing his own problems, which meant that when someone actually called him on them he more or less freaked out. Cassiel, who had a pretty good idea of what part of Uriel's history he was coming up against with this whole problem, said, patiently, quietly, "All I'm asking is that you try, Uriel. He's your friend."

"No, he's not," Uriel said, flatly. He took his hat off, ran his fingers through ragged hair, cut to different lengths. "I don't have friends who go running to the other side. Who use me for personal gain. Frankly, the fact you took him in when he came crawling back says more about you than I ever realized."

He doesn't mean it, Cassiel reminded himself to soothe the sting. Nevertheless, he could feel his patience wearing thin. He leaned against Uriel's door as a preemptive measure to keep Uriel from escaping this conversation. "We've all been friends for a very long time," he began.

"You know who else were friends for a very long time? All of the angels before the fall. You know a large group of people who isn't on anyone's party invite list anymore?" Uriel's blue eyes had gone stormy, flecked with electricity. Not promising.

Cassiel's lips tightened. "That's not the same. I really doubt most of the prefall angels would appreciate the comparison of the original fallen, none of whom ever returned, to a friend who's been able and allowed to redeem."

Uriel, who was a frequent bedmate of one of the oldest prefall angels -- and would be the constant bedmate if the Metatron had his way -- looked uncomfortable at getting called on it. Not something he would want repeated to the missus, Cassiel thought. "It's close enough," Uriel said, stubbornly. "It's still a good comparison."

"I can't speak for the Most Holy," Cassiel said, quiet. "But I've wondered before if the reason that, back before the fall, the proclamation was made to have most angels be made from humans was due to the significance of carrying our pasts with us. The significance of the faith that comes from overcoming that. All humans have grown up with our petty human hurts and the eventual pain of death. What makes some of us candidates for angelhood? I don't know. I can't judge. You, me, Miniel, we all died in fear, and never lived lives that would be considered holy. That I'm a child of Israel didn't make me more of a chosen one than you, a warrior who barely considered his gods, or Miniel, who sold his body in devotion to his goddess. We all ended up here together. We all became angels together. And whether you can accept him as your friend, Miniel is the Angel of Lust again. That was out of your or my hands and has everything to do with his own willingness to have faith in a greater purpose and the Most Holy's willingness to accept him back. There's a reason the fallen are called the Unfaithful, you know? Miniel rediscovered trust."

It was not, in a word, going over well. "So what's your point?" Uriel demanded, pacing restlessly, energy gathered too-high.

No help for it. "To err is human," Cassiel quoted,"to forgive divine."

"Yes, great, very pithy, Cass," Uriel snapped. "If this is what your classes are like, no wonder you're such a popular teacher. Because, wow, lecture much? You don't get to speak for me. I'm the Angel of Wrath. Exactly what place does forgiveness have for me?"

"I can't tell you that," Cassiel said, locking his fingers together in front of himself to try to keep his hands from shaking. Fights were not his forte. Whenever a voice was raised at him he really had to fight the urge to go somewhere private and cry. "I know you don't, generally, need to forgive the big betrayals. But, Uriel, your comparison -- to the oldest angels, the big betrayal is the fall. That's, in a word, big. It's huge. But to us -- to you -- the big betrayal is the friend you trusted to guard your back who didn't do it."

Uriel went white; Cassiel's stomach tightened at the sight, but he had no desire to backpedal. He didn't expect Uriel to ever get over his own death any more than the rest of them, honestly, but somebody needed to say it.

"It's not fair to act like this is on the same level as the Fall. This is personal for you. It's not -- anything you can claim your role applies to. Miniel wants to apologize," Cassiel said. "Don't you at least want to find out why? Talk to him, Uriel. For your sake as well as his."

Uriel wasn't looking at Cassiel anymore. "If he wants to talk, he can come to me."

"You know his movements are restricted while he's trying to earn back other people's trust. He's not permitted on campus yet. Uriel, don't ask that of him."

"Well, that's what I'm asking," Uriel said, and stormed out of his own office.

***

Miniel's heart stuttered when the door opened again, but it was Cassiel. Not that he was a bad face to see -- Cassiel was about the only person he didn't have to worry about right now -- but it wasn't the person he'd hoped would come over. "Cass! Did you talk to--"

There was a thump. Cassiel looked up at him from where he was now sprawled in the entryway. "Hm?"

"...Oh, Cass," Miniel said, not unsympathetically. Cassiel had always had worse luck than anyone else he knew. If there was a five percent chance of rain, the Angel of Tears would step outside and it would abruptly become one hundred percent. His watch stopped every third day and he was late for more things than he was on time for. If there was something to trip over, he'd trip over it. Just as he'd just done with something in their entryway.

As he went over to give Cassiel a hand up, he added their friendship to the list of things that Cassiel was probably unlucky to have in his life.

"Thanks," Cassiel murmured to him. Neither of them bothered to look for whatever it was that tripped him up. It was just how things were. "Dinner smells good."

Miniel had never considered himself a particularly good cook, but he wasn't terrible, and if he was going to be stuck inside the house, he'd told Cassiel that now was as good a chance to practice as any, though privately he figured that if he hadn't gotten better than 'tolerable' in around three thousand years, he probably wasn't going to improve much.

But Cassiel was out there taking the flak for taking him in after he'd fucked both Uriel and Cassiel himself over, and if all he could do was chores around the home, he'd do it.

"Say that after you've tried it," he said, trying to keep his tone light. "...So, uh, how'd it go with Uriel?"

Cassiel's silence answered that question more thoroughly than he'd have liked.

"Anyway, table's set," Miniel said, trying to rush past the moment.

As Cassiel took a seat, Miniel served him slightly-too-floury stew. "He's hurt," Cassiel says, finally. "You know his trust issues."

Which I made worse. "Yeah. I know."

What else was there to say? He'd ruined this for himself and hurt others along the way, which seemed to be his modus operandi lately. He lowered his head over his own stew and became aware of Cassiel studying him a few moments later.

He wondered if he looked any different to Cassiel after all this. It was a strange thought; none of them visibly changed after they died. They dressed differently over the years, of course, styled themselves differently, but their underlying core never changed. Cassiel may have started to favor baggy jeans and sweaters with leather patches on the elbow, but under that he still was the shaggy-haired boy of sixteen that Miniel known for thousands of years now. Cassiel had died young; in a fire, was all he'd said about it, and neither he nor Uriel had pressed for more information. Every death was personal and a private source of pain to someone.

He didn't think he'd changed too much himself, though he was still carrying the half-healed bruises and cuts that were his memento of turning Unfaithful. He still had his dancer's body and muscles from life, even if life had been a thousand years BC. Even the same haircut, the outer layer in a pageboy and the lower level long, though that was hard enough to make fashionable these days. Too similar to fucking mullets; not classy at all anymore. Maybe it was his clothes that made him seem different -- nothing elegant anymore and no more relics of a long-past time. Instead he wore exercise pants because, even if he looked better in jeans, he wanted to be able to move freely; a tank top, jingling chain necklaces. Come to think of it, he'd left his dancer's outfit he died in back at the Court. He'd packed it when he left, but hadn't really got to Earth with the bag he packed, had arrived naked. No getting it back now. A weird feeling; even if it had been a while since he wore it, he always kept it close.

"How did they get to you?" Cassiel asked softly.

No need to ask who he meant. His introspection must have been showing. Miniel leaned over, plucked a potato from where it had fallen onto Cassiel's shirtfront, and sighed.

"I guess I was wearing myself down," Miniel acknowledged after a moment. "Before I headed off to Earth, I went for a night out on the town with Uriel." Cassiel nodded, clearly remembering waving them off to go have fun. "After we had a few drinks, we went off to the soldier barracks. You know Uriel, always trying to relive old glory by proxy."

He hesitated then, staring at his stew with no appetite, wondering if he even still had the right to say things like that. Cassiel waved him on.

"It's doesn't exactly take my role's abilities as Angel of Lust to pick up that what he wanted from them and vice versa weren't in balance, even if he acted like he was just in it for the fun," Miniel says with a shrug. "Especially with how unnecessary the Barracks tend to find the school and it's teachers. 'We're still at war' and all that. Even if they don't know he was branded as a traitor at death, they wouldn't respect him just for choosing to teach now rather than fight."

Cassiel was watching him with dark eyes. Miniel pushed stew around with a fork. "Anyway, he takes me, we have fun, sure. Gambling, drinking, fucking. But it's -- they don't think much of him. He can shrug off all kinds of shit they say. Like he's a whore or aiming for a fall."

Cassiel made a face. "Well, there's a reason the school's graduates are trained to deal with people and the soldiers are trained to maintain the front line in the war. Not to mention that they've all lost people to the demons -- in multiple ways. They're hard people and Uriel's got a pretty luxurious life..."

Miniel shrugged. "I'm not blaming them for my fall," he said. It came out more harshly than he'd intended. "They're just words I take to heart and Uriel doesn't. He doesn't have to. He can stop any time it stops working for him. I can't. 'If acting like this is going to lead to a fall then I'll fall someday.' That's what it felt like."

"After this long--"

"You don't know how long I've thought this," Miniel said. Cassiel fell silent. "I don't teach -- I don't do anything with angels except..." He trailed off, started again. "I don't even know what I'm supposed to do here. I've asked before. 'Your purpose' isn't exactly revealing. What's my purpose? So I hang out here until Gabriel gives me lists of locations and dates and then I hit up Earth for a few decades, inspire lust wherever I go, and come back to do it all over again."

Cassiel said, slowly, "None of us became teachers just because we were 'supposed' to, though, Miniel. It's not something we're 'supposed' to do. It's suggested to us at the beginning, of course, or soldiers, or anything else that accompanies our official duties well enough, but we don't end up there by fate. If you wanted to teach, you could ask Gabriel and he'd adjust your schedule--"

"Not now I can't," Miniel said. "Anyway, what would I even teach? Fucking 101? I've heard Uriel basically covers that in half his classes anyway."

Cassiel sighed, didn't rise to it. "It doesn't matter what we teach," he said. "Classes are ultimately to teach students what it's like to be an angel. Raphael's classes are full of whatever random idea seized his mind at the moment he woke up that morning. Mikael favors literary analysis. Azrael usually drops half his lessons and tells the class to show up at the end and tell him what they learned since he's usually too busy to actually teach even when he thinks he has the time." Cassiel wrinkled his nose; this was apparently a point of contention between them. "I teach dead civilizations. The point is that they need to understand human will, human desires, human ambitions. We exist for humanity and will only rarely understand the repercussions of our actions on the world -- only that we must make them."

"I know that," Miniel said, though he did know that was the problem; he'd grown to hate not knowing why he had to do something. He skewered a carrot. "Ours is not to reason why... I suck at obedience, Cass! You know that. You got in trouble along with Uriel and me for our pranks often enough."

"I don't think it's the same type of obedience," Cassiel pointed out dryly.

"So, what, I'm just supposed to spend eternity as a whore?" Minirl burst out. "Angel of Lust -- what the hell is that, anyway? Sin might not be the concept here that they think it is on Earth, but you know where I have to do my duty? Earth!" He puts a hand to his own chest. "It's compulsive or something -- I get upset, I want to fuck to feel better. Feeling good? Let's fuck to celebrate! And I inspire that in others! The desire between two people who haven't met, or who suddenly find themselves attracted -- but, sure, a lot of the people I inspire feel guilty about it. And me, too."

It hurt too much to continue; he shut up, staring at the table, listened to the silence between them, and finished, "I ran into some demons, several trips ago. Not bad people for demons. You know me. I slept with them. This most recent visit, I guess near the start, eight years ago maybe, they said there was someone they wanted me to meet. It was the Leviathan. We talked a lot over the years. He showed me... visions. Of you two. Talking about me." Whore. Slut.

"Your fears," Cassiel said, near tears. It was always really hard to handle it when Cassiel cried, which was unfortunate because he did it a lot.

Miniel closed his eyes. "I know. I believe you." Now. "That you never said them. It was believable at the time. I said it often enough about me."

Cassiel took his hand, held it tight. "We were given a tough lot, the three of us," he said, choked up. "Desire. Grief. Rage. Three of the greatest involuntary, unreasoned human emotions, three that can inspire great heights or destroy individuals equally... I think about it a lot. Love is reasoned lust, sorrow is reasoned sadness. Determination is reasoned anger. But we aren't those things. We're lust, tears, wrath, and those are our obstacles as well as our duty."

Cassiel was weeping openly now. Miniel watched him, helplessly.

"We're individuals too, struggling against it. My sociable loneliness, your erotic guilt, Uriel's lassaiz-faire attitude while he's so angry, you know, so angry all the time... I think all angels go through this. You've seen the Deaths after a bad day; even Azrael cries when he thinks nobody's watching, and he's one of the oldest. We have to question, or what meaning do we have as individuals with free will? But oh, Miniel, oh, we have to believe that there's a purpose, that we're doing good. That's faith, that's what faith is."

Miniel dropped Cassiel's hand, came around the table, gathered that small shaking form into his arms. Cassiel's pain echoed outward in waves, filling the room. "Shh, shh. We'll be okay," Miniel soothed, and kissed him.

***

"Wow," the Metatron said with an artfully arched eyebrow, holding his hand up to ponder his fresh nail polish with a critical eye. "Someone pissed in your cereal today."

Uriel realized the expression that must have been on his face as he looked over papers he had to grade, and gave him a pained smile instead. "Sorry, Koe. First-year essays." He was working in the Metatron's office today because his own office was a little quiet for his tastes right now and, well, the Faculty Office's door had a sock on the knob.

"Uh-huuuuuuh..." He switched eyebrows, probably for dramatic effect. "Honey, can you remember the last time you turned the page?"

He couldn't. Flicking his fedora back with a fingertip, he said, "Fine, okay. It's Miniel, and given the subject in question it's more like he came in my cereal. Satisfied?"

The Metatron wrinkled his nose. "Ew. Unnecessarily evocative. I know what I'm not having for breakfast tomorrow." Beat. "Quit that!" Beat. "Yeah, but liking the taste doesn't mean I want Spoogios for breaky." Beat. "OMFG no! Get out!"

Who said 'OMFG', let alone to the G in question? Uriel resolved to beat Raphael later for getting the Metatron a cellphone. "Not today, Koe, okay?" As if he could stop the one-sided duologue.

"Sorrrrrry." The Metatron hopped onto his own desk, scattering the papers Uriel had put there; he'd thought working at the other side of the desk might have a safety distance but apparently not; the Metatron braced six-inch platform shoes on his thighs, content to just rest his feet on Uriel's legs. "So you've been talking to Miniel."

"...Well, no."

This time both brows shot skyward. "Then?"

Strangely uncomfortable, Uriel squirmed. "Cass thinks I should. He should be on my side, here! I've got nothing to say to Miniel. He used me. People could have got hurt -- could have died. Why should I forgive him?"

"Well, He did." The Metatron jerked a thumb toward the ceiling.

"I'm not Him."

"Yeah, that'd be weird," the Metatron agreed, nose wrinkling.

"Forget it," Uriel said, pushing away from the Metateon's heels and starting to gather his papers up. "I don't want to think about Miniel, let alone talk to him."

The Metatron hugged his knees, watching Uriel from his perch. "He was your best friend for something-something thousand years, Uriel. As a person, I'm not really happy with him either, but as an angel, as the Voice? He's back, you know, and with enough intention to stay that he was allowed back. And whatever you feel right now, it's better if he's here to stay than the alternative. You're gonna have to deal with him sometime."

"You don't get it," he said, trying not to snap. "I don't want to. He and Cassiel are welcome to each other! I don't need friends who will stab me in the back!" And don't I sound petulant, he thought. He felt petulant, but didn't stop himself from stomping out of the Metatron's office; he could hear him calling after Are we fighting again?! I hate it when we fight!

He also felt a bit better, though, for getting to yell at someone about this whole damn thing.

***

After, curled close to Cassiel, Miniel had to admit he felt a little better. He could practically wrap himself around the smaller man and, lithe and twisting, tried his best to do so.

Cassiel choked out an almost-laugh. "Nnn, stop that."

"Won't," Miniel said. "Shan't. You feel good."

"I'd hope so," Cassiel said, sleepy, sated. "I love you."

"You too," Miniel murmured, pressing his face into Cassiel's tangled hair. And, awkward, "Thank you for trusting me."

Cassiel stroked Miniel's back with his fingertips, slow and light. "I don't think Uriel will come here to see you," he murmured. Miniel tensed and felt Cassiel's fingers push tighter for a moment in response. "What are you going to do?"

"I can't go to him." He made a face to forestall anything Cassiel might say. "I'm not allowed on campus."

"Without permission."

Miniel hesitated. "Do you think I'd get it?"

Cassiel considered the question. "Yes," he said, finally. "If they wanted you to just rot away you wouldn't have been welcomed back."

He struggled a few moments, trying to find words that didn't make him sound completely lame, but gave up, helpless. "I'm terrified," Miniel told him softly. "I'm not sure I could do it. Every damn angel knows I went Unfaithful. The Metatron confronted me in front of everyone."

"To be fair," Cassiel said dryly, pulling away a bit and rising, "I'm given to understand you were hard to find after you possessed Uriel. It wasn't about shaming you."

Miniel squirmed, watching Cassiel dig through a pile of papers. "I'm aware of that," he mumbled. "I brought it on myself. But-"

"Here." Cassiel handed him a form. Paperwork; permissions. "I'll take it in if you fill it out."

"Ugh," Miniel said, and held out a hand for a pen. "Why are you always so pushy? I don't know why I think you're cute."

"Because I am cute," Cassiel said, mildly.

Miniel pretended to ignore him, reading ahead on the paper. "Argh, I need to write a reason down? What do I say, crawling back to Uriel to grovel and beg for forgiveness?"

Cassiel started to dress. "If you're going to put it like that, you should also add a note that you need to apologize for being such a heinous bitch," he said, more teasing than not.

Miniel opened his mouth, then closed it. "I'm always a heinous bitch," he pointed out.

"Rephrase it," Cassiel suggested.

***

"To whom it may concern, probably Gabriel," Gabriel read aloud with no intonation whatsoever. "Although I am generally a heinous bitch by nature I outdid myself in horrific ways. Although I recognize there's a very clear reason you might be reluctant to allow me at a school full of nubile and easily-influenced angel candidates, I am long overdue to go crawling back to Uriel and beg for his forgiveness or, at least, apologize."

Cassiel waited quietly in front of his desk.

"So," Gabriel said dryly, "genuinely contrite or just flippant?"

"Contrite," Cassiel said. "And also flippant. Bravado's a better coping mechanism than denial or moping, at least" He considered this, aware that it was a pot and a kettle situation, but he supposed it took one to know one. "He's been moping quite a bit."

Gabriel considered the note a moment longer, then signed a date. "One-day pass," he said tersely. "He can have a longer one next time if he shows any progress with this one."

Taking the paper back, Cassiel ventured a small smile. "I'll pass that on."

"I won't consider dalliances with nubile students progress," Gabriel added.

"I'll pass that on too."

***

It was not, Uriel thought the day after he'd had his spat with the Metatron, that anything particular had gone wrong today to put him in such an off mood.

But today seemed to be the sort of day where little things just seemed to build up. The Metatron had texted him three times in the morning alone, and who knew how many more since he turned his phone off. It'd be easier to apologize, probably, but he didn't want to deal with it right now. On top of that, news of one of his perceived transgressions had made it back to Raphael and Mikael, who had then made themselves cheerfully (Raphael) and passive-aggressively (Mikael) impossible to be around. So he'd headed back to his office and somehow scratched the leather of his boots on the way back there. Not that he could blame that on anyone in particular, but it annoyed him; they had gone so nicely with his suit. He wasn't even into shoes -- not like someone he could name -- but it was just the icing on the cake. There was really no salvaging leather once it was scratched up.

And now, of course, the sunlight was endeavoring to hit his eyes no matter where he tried to sit. It was like, perhaps, someone was trying to send him a message. Given that he was dating the Metatron and had just been an unreasonable douchebag, he was aware that this was maybe a more likely possibility than it should be.

So when the knock came at the door, he almost -- almost -- convinced himself to pull a Gabriel and pretend to be out. Whatever it was would probably just be another nail in his coffin.

But no, he decided; sitting by himself was only making him sulkier, and he had to start facing the day at some point. Perhaps whoever was at the door would be sufficiently attractive and fun-loving to cheer him up.

"Come in," he called.

Miniel entered.

For a moment he felt nothing but a profound sense of irony.

And then he was feeling too many things to name, too many to figure out what was supposed to come first. Anger. Pain. Miniel looked like shit, thin and with bruises greening over an eye, by the corner of his lips, on his throat, chest, arms. Gone was that driven confidence in his eyes the last time they'd met; they were dull and vulnerable now.

Anger. Concern. Pain. Loss. Hope. They wound tight into a sour taste in his mouth and a frustrated, grieving rage. He opened his mouth.

"I'm sorry," Miniel said.

Uriel felt more than heard the incredulous laugh that bubbled up in his throat. "Look, Miniel, there's some things an apology won't solve."

It was weird, wrong, seeing Miniel like this, small and tired and empty of any defensive front, standing in his room with his hands twisted together and his head bowed.

"I know," Miniel said. "I don't really expect to be forgiven or anything." One corner of his mouth twisted up in a parody of his usual smile. "Don't get me wrong -- I wish, right? But I'm just here to give you that apology. I wronged you. Badly. I knew what would hurt you most and did it anyway. I did it because I didn't have the-" His voice broke and smile fixed itself tighter as he continued. "I didn't believe in you. After this many years I still didn't believe I was worth anything, so how could I believe in your feelings? Or Cass's... Or anyone's. I was a mess, Uriel, and I hurt you."

"Get the hell out," Uriel said, chest clenching again. "What the hell did I do wrong?"

"You didn't," Miniel said, smile held on as if he were afraid it would fall off as soon as he started paying attention. "That's why... well, part of why I needed to apologize."

"I don't want your apologies," Uriel said. Looking Miniel in the face was too hard to do, so he stared down at his papers instead. "I just don't want to see you."

"All right," Miniel says, more an exhalation than actual words. "I understand. Sorry." Uriel didn't look up but watched him through his eyelashes as Miniel moved to the door, paused by it. "I love you," Miniel added, apologetically, pained, and then he was gone.

***

When Cassiel stopped by his own office to check his class mail and pick up a few books, Miniel was there. Cassiel bit his lower lip at the sight of him; Miniel was curled up in his desk chair, hugging his knees.

"Oh," Cassiel breathed; the feeling rolling off Miniel was something he was far too familiar with. He came over, put a hand on Miniel's bowed head.

Miniel stirred at that, though he must have heard Cassiel come in before.

"Uriel didn't...?"

A short, thick laugh. "It's fine," Minisl said, resigned. "Things don't get fixed so easily. I wouldn't want to forgive me after something like that either."

"You haven't forgiven you," Cassiel pointed out. He stroked Miniel's hair. "Do you want to go home?"

"...Yeah."

"Come on," Cassiel said, urging him up.

When they got home, Miniel went right to bed. When Cassiel called him for dinner, he didn't respond and Cassiel, checking on him, found him either sleeping or faking it well enough to justify not waking him. Cassiel ate by himself and covered Miniel's share.

"I'm going out," he called, got no response.

He found Uriel at the third bar he checked, came upon him laughing and draped over a brother and sister pair, who seemed deeply interested in whatever story Uriel was telling them.

Cassiel slid in quietly next to them at the bar, watched Uriel pretend to not have noticed him as he finished his story. Uriel smelled of sex and alcohol, and had apparently gotten quite a head start on his night on the town.

This was how it always went when Uriel got upset, too afraid to let his rage build, too afraid of what he could do unchecked, but too desperate for release to not do anything. Not that it didn't resemble his normal behavior; of course it did. Not that he didn't like it; of course he did. Nothing but the best hedonism, his favorite pleasures, were things that could drown out everything else.

Uriel kissed the sibling on the right, the sister, and for a moment Cassiel wondered if he was to be ignored completely. But Uriel, laughing, sent them away after that, draped himself decisively on Cassiel. Did it take him that long to decide how to react to me? Cassiel wondered.

"Hey, Cass," Uriel breathed. "Not usually your scene."

"Not by myself anyway," he agreed, and made a face at Uriel's breath. "I think you've had enough. Let's stop, okay?"

"No," Uriel protested. "I'm having fun, let's have fun, Cass."

Fortunately, Uriel was pretty easy to handle like this. "All right," Cassiel said, placatingly. "A beer for both of us-" He signalled the bartender, "-then let's get going, okay?"

"It's still early," Uriel protested, but took a swig of his beer as soon as it was put down in front of him.

"You're very drunk," Cassiel pointed out; if Uriel was showing any drunkenness at all, he was basically wasted. "So it being early doesn't exactly mean much. Where are you staying these days? The Tower, I heard?"

"Take me to your place," Uriel wheedled. "I missed you when you were on Earth, let's have some fun..."

Cassiel glanced at him uncertainly. "I don't mind," he said, slowly, "but you do remember I'm living with Miniel right now, right?"

"Oh yeah, of course..." Uriel wrinkled his nose. "Why are you doing that?"

Cassiel finished his own beer. "Among other reasons, because when he was Unfaithful and staying at the Court, he was tortured via isolation," he said flatly. "I don't intend to let him be isolated now that he's come home."

"You're siding with him again," Uriel said, hurt. "Fair's fair. He can be lonely for a while."

Cassiel closed his eyes at the tone in Uriel's voice. "I love you both," he said, trying to keep his voice even, trying not to give in to his natural inclination to long for the past, to wish for the time they all lived together, played together, felt the same way about things -- or seemed to. Even if he'd been the outsider to Uriel and Miniel's dramatic duo at first, it had evolved into something he'd thought of as deeply balanced, something much better than this three-way alienation. But things were different now. They'd been drifting away slowly over hundreds of years to the point that Miniel's fall was possible. To the point that something like this could speed their deterioration along so quickly. Still, it had been good.

"Cass..."

"If I didn't, I wouldn't either be living with him or here to drag your drunk ass home and take care of you," Cassiel murmured. "Come on. The Tower?"

"No, can't," Uriel protested. "I fought with Koe, so I can't just go back. I'm fighting with everyone lately. Am I fighting with you, Cass? Can't, can I. You don't fight, you just get sad and quiet. I feel like shit."

Despite himself, he was a little taken-aback by this turn of events. "Why are you fighting with the Metatron?" Cassiel asked.

A long, considering silence.

"Do you even remember?"

Uriel said, "I'm sure it was important... Maybe Miniel? Probably Miniel. Everyone thinks I should forgive him. I don't want to forgive him. He used me. I don't want to."

Cassiel helped Uriel off the bar stool and out, started to steer him to the Tower. "Yes, well, that's not the Metatron's fault," he pointed out.

"No, it's Miniel's," Uriel agreed. "...Why am I fighting with Koe?"

"Let's go apologize," Cassiel suggested.

"I really should. He hates it when we fight but we're always fighting..."

"Always?" Cassiel asked.

"Well, sometimes," Uriel said with exaggerated patience. "He's in love with me, you know."

"Really."

Uriel nodded. "I'm pretty sure," he said gloomily. "But our personalities are, they're, what's the word? Incompatible. We are not very similar. The sex is great," he added helpfully, "but I don't think I relate to him. I keep messing up."

"By doing things like sleeping with half the town while completely soused?" Cassiel asked.

"Yes. No. Well, from his perspective, yes. I never promised monogamy. Can you imagine me monogamous? No you can't."

Despite himself, Cassiel realized he was having a little fun. Uriel was, at least, an extremely entertaining drunk, and it was nice to not have the recent tension between them for once. "No, I can't."

"Exactly! And he says that too, that he can't imagine it. But with this ...face. This awful pout." Uriel imitated a sulk for a few moments. "I give him so much, you know? But it's like, our personalities are... are..."

A few moments later, Cassiel suggested, "Incompatible?"

"Yes! But no. Because I like him. But he drives me crazy."

"I'd suggest the feeling's mutual?"

Uriel nodded gloomily. "I'd drive anyone crazy. Honestly, Cass. I really need to apologize." A beat, then his eyes widened. "I know!" He took on a distant, pained expression, like a martyr seeing the stake. "I'll take him shoe shopping."

Cassiel put a hand on Uriel's shoulder. "Brave man."

"No, I'm not," Uriel said, suddenly morose. "I'm not. Let me go, Cass, I can fly there from here."

Dubious, Cassiel glanced up. "Are you sure? The updrafts are tricky."

"You're like that too," Uriel said. "Nothing like me, but I love you. Miniel was always too much like me. Yeah, I can take it from here. Bye, Cass."

He was off before Cassiel could respond, strong wings beating the air into a fury as he rose. Running again, Cassiel thought, fond and sad and resigned.

***

Strangely, by the time morning came, Miniel found his mood improved. Not a lot improved, of course, but he felt... determined. Like he'd done what he could, and now there was nothing to do but something other than worry about Uriel. He might not get forgiveness, but he'd abused and lost faith in Uriel, after all. He'd made his choices, and though being forgiven for them might have been all he could want, it wasn't something he was entitled to. So if he didn't get it, that was fair.

And he'd been redeemed after all, had been offered that much faith. And he had Cassiel. He wasn't starting from scratch, after all.

He took a deep breath, let it out, and started to clear a space in the living room.

***

The Metatron forgave him, of course, irritated, put upon, and tender. Uriel was drunk enough that apologizing had been easier than it might have been otherwise, and not so drunk that his apology seemed insincere or as if he hadn't thought about it.

"I shouldn't have brought Miniel up, I guess," the Metatron said, finally. "I know the situation's been totally getting to you."

"I was a dick," Uriel said, draping on him, using him to keep himself upright. The flight helped clear his head, but standing properly was still proving remarkably difficult. "It isn't like I wasn't thinking about him anyway. I just didn't have an excuse to vent about it until you gave it to me."

The Metatron moved away from his hold, leaving Uriel wobbling, then took a seat on his bed. He was wearing a long ribbon-covered nightgown and had his hair up in matching ribboned pigtails. He patted the bed next to him and Uriel sat gratefully, flopping toward him, drawing him in for a kiss. "Cad," the Metatron protested, putting a hand on his face to push him back. "I'm still a little cross!"

"No you aren't," Uriel wheedled, kissing him again, knotting his hands in the Metatron's nightgown when he didn't protest this time. "Because you're too sweet."

The Metatron seemed surprised by the term, looked up at Uriel with wide eyes as Uriel pressed him into the bed.

"I just love you," the Metatron protested, then closed his eyes and kissed back.

***

Cassiel didn't usually sleep in, even on his days off. He tended to not be able to get back to sleep once he'd woken up, and had a bad tendency to wake up with the suspicion he was already late for class. Still, he drifted awake slowly that morning, body heavy and strangely sensuous.

It had been long enough that it took a few moments before he recognized the languid, sensual feeling humming through the air as something outside himself, not simply morning arousal. When he did, he gathered the blankets around himself and shuffled out of the bedroom.

Miniel had cleared himself a space in the living room, Cassiel's books piled haphazardly along the walls, table pushed to one side and tipped up to give him more room, and he was dancing.

There was no music, but Miniel had never needed music to dance. He danced the pounding of blood through veins, the roughness of strangled breath in one's throat, the soft wet pass of lips on lips, the rhythms of bodies together. He was naked; usually he danced clothed, though, Cassiel recalled with light-headed clarity, even doing so rarely made it end in anything but lovemaking. Miniel danced arousal and desire; a promise of desires fulfilled, a promise of movement and pleasure and joy and celebration, a rhythm of life. Biting his lip hard enough to draw blood in order to keep himself from approaching, Cassiel remembered the realization he always had, over and over again, whenever he'd seen Miniel dance: how much could come from passion just by itself. Desire was always a promise and a threat, whatever they made of it.

Miniel saw him, spun to draw close in front of him, cheeks flushed with arousal and exertion, eyes clear. He took hold of Cassiel abruptly and bore him to the floor. Cassiel reached up, shuddering with need, and joined him, let Cassiel dance out the rest straddling him, riding him.

After, Miniel sprawled lazily over Cassiel, a little heavy for Cassiel's comfort, but nothing he wanted to protest. He threaded his fingers through Miniel's hair and shook his head, trying to remember the last time he'd seen Miniel dance. He couldn't; wondered at himself, how he hadn't acknowledged that something had been wrong.

"Cass?" Miniel whispered.

"Mm?"

"Will you do me a favour?"

***

The end of the semester came and start of the next approached. Uriel hadn't talked to Miniel since Miniel had visited his office, though he heard from Cassiel that he was doing well, and that his restrictions on travel had been lifted.

But when he went to pick up the class schedule, he didn't expect this.

He went, immediately, to Gabriel's office, entered without knocking. "Yeah, Gabby, hi," he said before Gabriel could protest the intrusion. "Can you explain this?"

Gabriel looked over the agenda Uriel thrust in his face. "Cassiel handed Miniel's proposed course description in a few months ago. They didn't tell you?"

Oh, was that why Cassiel had that little smirk when they talked recently? Little bastard. No wonder he'd ended up fitting into their group so well back then; he had as much trouble resisting stirring things up as Uriel and Miniel ever had. "You're letting Miniel teach?"

Gabriel sat back and gave Uriel an even look. "We don't exactly have a lot of redeemed angels around," he said, "let alone those willing to share their experiences to help others -- it's not exactly a painless story. It's not one that most people are willing to tell and relive."

There wasn't much to say to that. Nevertheless, Uriel did his best to find the words to express his feelings. "Are you sure it's safe?" he tried.

Pinching the bridge of his nose, Gabriel said, "Yes. Believe me, it's hard for everyone to give him a chance. But he's here now, which means he belongs here. Giving him a chance is what we have to do, and if he's willing, there's a lot he can pass on."

"I just don't--"

"You just don't want his experiences to become something useful," Gabriel said, shortly. "You don't want the fact that he fucked you, took over your body, and used it to try to let a strike force into heaven to become something that other people can learn from. You hate the fact he nabbed you and then tried to find Cassiel. Because you know it means that he thought he could pass as you. Because you know it means he knew Cass wouldn't buy that his halo was gone for any good reason, but he could convince you he still had good intentions."

Ow. "How about pulling your punches?" Uriel asked him, hurt.

Gabriel's lips were tight. "Here's the thing," he said, shortly. "Uriel, you're likable. Everybody likes you. On top of that, you do good work. If you have elements of your duty that you question, and I'm sure you do, you don't let it shake you. You're a strong guy. But you have this huge problem that everyone knows about, even if they don't know the reason why, and that is that if anyone actually manages to drive you to that point, you hold grudges forever. Let the hell go. You're Wrath for a divine purpose, not a personal one."

"Yes, because I totally came here to get told off by yet someone else, thank you for filling out my roster, I'm planning to visit Az and Suri after this and get told off by them so I can get bingo--"

Gabriel slammed a hand down. "Do not fucking joke with me," he said. "I am being completely goddamn serious right now. I don't have a damn sense of humor. Not about this, not about anything."

At least he admitted it. A little shaken, Uriel licked his lips. "Gabriel, sorry, I just wanted to check--"

"Build a goddamn bridge and get over it," Gabriel told him. He reached into his desk, pulled out two papers, scribbled on them. "Here."

A little surprised, Uriel took them. One was what looked like a street address in the United States. Another was a time and classroom. "...Uh?"

"You're tired of fearing others are going to treat you like a coward because someone else abandoned you and left you to get the flak for the situation?" Gabriel asked. Uriel's vision went white for a moment, emotions almost seeming to fritz out, like something had gone completely wrong inside him. "Tired of going on the offensive first? Better yet -- are you tired of thinking you might actually be a coward because of that? Do something about it."

Uriel's lips moved. He couldn't seem to make words move out; the feeling in his chest was choking him.

"The address is where a human soul was reincarnated to," Gabriel said, voice still sharp, relentless. "I think you know whose it was. He ran away and left your back unguarded in battle when it looked like you two were likely to fall. He was afraid of dying and abandoned you. He saved himself and left you with wounds that had you branded a traitor and coward. He died of old age and was reincarnated. This is hundreds of lives later, and he doesn't remember a thing, but you're not over it yet. So go there if you want. Catch up with his current life. Learn who he is and what's kept him reincarnating so damn long. Or, you know, give up on that. Stop carrying that poor bastard with you all the time. Your choice."

Staring down at the address, Uriel said, "I--"

"The other is Miniel's class time and class room. It's not in the agenda yet as we're still figuring out all the time blocks and locations but we're pretty sure on this one. Go watch him teach, if you want, see what he's learned from his experience. Or don't. Your choice."

Uriel's hand dropped to his side, holding both pieces of paper. Finally, he managed to choke words out. "Am I dismissed yet?"

"Door's right behind you."

***
One week until class started: registration hell, including a lot of preparatory e-mails and messages about class conflicts and things like that, which Miniel more or less had no idea how to deal with. He usually ended up just pointing out that if someone had to go early or come late, they'd be missing part of the class and that'd have the impact one could expect from, well, missing part of the class.

"How's it going?" Cassiel asked, packing up some boxes.

"I'm completely terrified," Miniel said dryly. "What's that?"

"For your new office," Cassiel said. "Just some books."

Miniel made a face. Cassiel, seeing it, threw a book at him. "Ow!" Miniel protested. "No, I'm grateful, really Cass, please don't hurt me. Not the Anthology of English Literature!"

"You need this sort of thing for students to take you seriously," Cassiel told him, peacefully putting said anthology in the box. "They look at your office and think, 'Wow, Professor Miniel has a lot of books in his office. He must be extremely intelligent.'"

"Somehow I really doubt anyone's going to be thinking that about me," Miniel said. "It's probably going to be more like, 'Wow, Professor Miniel has a really comfy-looking couch in his office. I bet he has sex on that couch.'"

Cassiel picked up the box, surprised. "You have a couch in your office?"

"I am going to have a couch in my office," Miniel said. "I bought it from a garage sale in the city. Raphael is storing it for me at the moment." He grabbed his coat; together, they began to head for the school. "We're going to bring it in today."

"A garage sale? That doesn't sound very sanitary."

Miniel shrugged. "I have had sex in more unsanitary places than I can name," he said. "It hasn't done me any harm."

"So you are going to have sex on that couch?"

"I'm going to have sex on that couch, yeah, naturally," Miniel said. He gave Cassiel a crooked grin. "Want to break it in with me?"

"One, it's currently at Raphael's," Cassiel pointed out. "Two, you got it from a garage sale. So no."

This is nice, Miniel thought, helplessly taken by their banter. New beginnings, but old connections. He hadn't lied; he was terrified, was more or less sure he'd be probably the worst teacher the school had, but despite that, he felt productive. Like he was going somewhere. Doing something. Cass was at his side. The others were slowly taking him in as one of their own -- he'd never known them as well as, perhaps, he should have, since he'd never been part of the school's social circle. But even with his recent history dogging him, he was carving out a place there now. Raphael and Mikael had brought him over cookies when he first opened his office, once an old storage room. Shit happens, is all Raphael had said in response to Miniel pointing out that he'd fallen before and probably didn't deserve cookie welcomes, and had put an arm around Mikael for some reason.

"I bet I can convince you otherwise," he told Cassiel impishly.

"I bet you can too, but I'd rather go for the desk."

"Oh, well then," Miniel said. "In that case, I can be generous."

***

One week before classes started: Uriel was more or less ignoring registration woes completely (these things tended to work themselves out, he found) and was, instead, still trying to decide what to do about the situation Gabriel had presented him.

He knew that delaying things wasn't helping anyone, but it was hard to do otherwise; still, he couldn't run away much more. Once classes started again, he'd be too busy to go for a jaunt down to Earth.

Uriel was, he had to admit, running out of time.

It was this thought, eventually, that led him to go. He dressed -- despite his embarrassment at doing it for him -- in one of his best pinstripe suits and, for the first time in centuries, braided the hair that still fell long in front of his ears.

And then he went.

Even though he'd dressed up for the occasion, he didn't manifest; remained invisible and intangible, walked through the front door of the address he'd been given, and looked around.

There were three college boys there, all dressed a bit, well, hipster. At the time Uriel walked in, one was playing video games, and two were arguing over homework together, loud and easy-going. He watched them all, walked the room, tried to see their faces, and felt a slow, spreading shock:

He couldn't tell which of them it was.

This was the address, all right, and Gabriel wouldn't lie to him, but it was a shared dorm room. The three boys here could have been anyone. As with most reincarnated souls, physically there was no resemblance to their past forms. And any sense of familiar identity from their spirits was long gone -- it had been thousands of years, Uriel thought, slowly, shocked. He'd changed. He'd changed so much he wasn't recognizable anymore. After all this, after so many years of this weighing on him. After all that, the man he'd loved, the man he'd betrayed him, was just another normal person. Even if he died now, even if he managed --- somehow -- to become an angel candidate now so Uriel had to see him every day, Uriel probably wouldn't recognize him any more.

The video-game player scored a great headshot and the other two came over to watch a bit, laughing, sharing in some sort of conversation the gamer had been having over a headset. They were just normal people, Uriel thought, all of them. The person he'd known back then didn't exist any more. Whatever chance he'd had to do the things Gabriel had suggested -- to understand anything about what had happened between them -- it was long gone.

Slowly, shaken, he took out his key and went home.

***

And so the day came. In his office, Miniel tried to breathe easily, gave up, and went to the classroom to set up.

An hour passed -- he was too early, too ahead of himself, but he guessed that was better than being late. The class eventually started to filter in, and he watched their surprise at the fence he'd set up between his desk area -- not that his desk was in it right now, as he'd pushed it to a wall -- and the seating area. He waited until they arrived, took roll call. Three or four students absent; he thought about waiting but decided against it. Cassiel had said that was normal; there were always students who figured they could get away with skipping the first day of class.

So when he'd finished taking attendance, he walked over to his desk, put the book down, and danced.

He kept it light, brief, simple -- these were still young angel-candidates, the usual disproportional amount of them still in their teenage years or early twenties, and probably unprepared for the draw his body had over them as he danced. It was also why he had the fence up; he didn't want a repeat of experiences he'd had in life, for them or for him, of when he'd got swarmed by people too overwhelmed to hold back. He let it last barely a minute -- spinning, leg kicked out, back arching, a dance of hips and shoulders and movement like the air could support him -- and then stopped abruptly, breathing a bit hard, looking out over the flushed faces and shifting forms.

Miniel cleared his throat.

"That's my talent," he said, after he thought he could keep his voice steady; it came out remarkably professional. Good. "When I was alive, I had a form of this talent, which was used as part of my devotion to my goddess. I was a prostitute in the temple of Inanna, a qadesh. The selling of my body was viewed as a devotional act. Some of you more modern sorts may be familiar with the term qadesh as mistranslated into sodomite, and as someone deemed a sin to lay with. It's something that's got rather a bad reputation in traditional Judeo-Christian religion, but very few people seem to realize that the reason it was listed as a sin of idolatry in the bible is that to lay with a qadesh was to engage in a sacred act towards a god that wasn't their own."

He smiled a crooked smile, pleased his words were coming out as steadily as they were, and that so far he'd actually kept control of this, made it feel like a lecture. Like something that could actually be discussed, not just a source of private pain. "Of course, we're all a bit shocked, I think, when we come here and learn that all earthly religions are really just derivative of something outside religion, a drive towards the guidance of humanity through many, many ways: those that are painful, those that are pleasurable, those that are uplifting and those that bring struggles. The shock can be something that's hard to get over. For me, originally, I may have been devoted; I was, regardless, a prostitute, with all that entailed. And all the social repercussions that entailed, especially after I came here and mingled among so many other cultures, with even worse views of prostitution than my own. We are all people, unfortunately, we are all individuals who carry our own baggage with us and absorb it from each other. More and more, it seemed to me, that I should be ashamed. My talent, I kept being told, could serve other people. But how? In what way could inspiring lust be uplifting? In life, I more or less accepted that it helped my own connection to the divine, though, hell, I had my share of doubts and pains and loss and shame at the time. Here, the same feelings remained, and more and more questions."

He drew a deep breath. "But the fact is, it does serve. This talent, which I think you all had opinons of even as it washed over you, and almost certainly now, does serve. Now..." He looked out over the dubious, intent faces. "All of you have some talent that you can express, or you wouldn't be here. Maybe you don't know what it is. Maybe you do, but don't see how it can serve anybody. Maybe you know what it is and have confidence in it." He started to break the fence down, then passed a hat through to the nearest student. "I want all of you to think over your talent, the things you know how to do. When the hat gets to you, write one word a piece of paper and drop it in. Here are the words: If you feel useful for your talent, write 'useful' and put it in. If you don't, write 'useless' and put it in."

As the hat went around the room and students murmured among each other, Miniel kept breaking his fence down, then dragged his desk forward. His hands were shaking, but he thought he hid it well enough. He had originally planned on just hand-raising, but had second-guessed that -- students would certainly eye each other and try to follow up later if they saw another one as embarrassed, try to figure out what they had to be ashamed of. Not to mention, they'd be more likely to lie if the answer could be associated with them.

He took the hat back, finally, and started counting them out on his desk. "Useless. Useless. Useless. Useful. Useless..." When he finished, he had one large pile and one small one. "Twenty-seven people viewed their talent as useless," Miniel said. "Six viewed it as useful."

Slowly, he pushed the papers aside, let them fall off his desk, and sat on it. "All right," he said. "Let's talk, now, about how nothing is useless."

***

Cassiel intended to watch Miniel's first class from the doorway, but was, of course, a bit late -- though this time, it was at least partially because he wanted to give Miniel a good chance to get his lesson underway first, out of fear of distracting him.

But by the time he got there, Uriel was already there, door cracked open slightly so he could listen, watching through the window. Cassiel raised his brows at him; Uriel was dressed in a good suit and had a sealed bottle of wine in one hand.

Uriel mimed at him to be quiet -- though he looked a little embarrassed -- and Cassiel instead gestured they go down the hall a little. Uriel followed, though Cassiel hadn't been sure he would.

"How is it?" Cassiel asked, after a moment.

"He's a bit blatant and up front," Uriel said, a bit awkwardly, "but we all were when we started. He'll learn more subtlety as he goes along."

"And the message?"

"Yeah, well," Uriel said. "Those kids could probably use it."

For a moment, they looked at each other silently.

"And the wine?"

Uriel hesitated, looked away. "Just a congratulatory present. That's all."

Cassiel swallowed down the emotion swelling in him; it'd be no good to cry now, of all times. Instead he managed a wavery, heartfelt smile. "I see," he croaked.

"Ahhh," Uriel mumbled. "Quit that, Cass," and reached out, wiping Cassiel's eyes with a sleeve. "Come on. I want to catch the end of the lecture."

He didn't want to get his hopes up. Not too high; perhaps Uriel would leave the wine with him to give Miniel. Perhaps Uriel would change his mind and leave early. Perhaps not, though.

And this, even just this, was a step forward. He drew a deep breath, let it out, and gave into his needs, crying silently as he followed Uriel back to the classroom door to wait for Miniel to finish.