Alan doesn't quite understand why Rich pushes all his buttons, but he's never really had a good grip on his sexuality so it doesn't bother him too much. Perhaps it's that Rich is so bloody different – different from what Alan expected, from what he's used to. "Brash Americans," everybody says, and, "that's all you see on the telly these days, Americans doing crude things loudly and with no subtlety whatsoever."

Except Rich is none of those things. Rich mostly keeps his mouth shut and his face blank. Rich has a way with the absurd that's almost British despite the broadness of his accent. And Alan finds it utterly irresistible. He decides he wouldn't mind if Rich wanted to do a few crude things, you know, just so as to keep his hand in.

The third time Rich is on the show, Alan finds himself watching Rich instead of listening to Stephen – a terrible idea since he's supposed to be bringing his "A" game to the table (ha, ha, thinks Alan), not to mention the fact that it will probably drive Stephen absolutely mad (Stephen hates not being listened to thinks Alan, and then understatement). Still, he manages to get a few good lines in about cows or something, and the corners of Rich's mouth turn up just slightly, and Alan feels himself go disturbingly hard under the desk. He forces himself to blink slowly, and breathe, and tune in again, only by that point they've gone to break.

As soon as the little red light has gone off, Stephen puts the cards down purposefully and gives Alan one of those raised-eyebrow looks.

"Going to join us, Mister Davies?" he inquires. Alan doesn't dignify that with an answer, just sips his water and stretches, carefully. "Only," Stephen continues, sotto voce, I think you'll enjoy this next bit, so do pay attention, m'boy."

Across the table, Rich's craggy face gives nothing away.

Then the break is over and the cameras are on again. Stephen starts in with something insulting about people named Alan and for some reason that kicks Alan into gear. He can't just sit back and let his people be insulted, after all. Well, not any more than is strictly necessary for comedic purposes, at least.

"I'll give you some points," says Stephen, "for knowing that 'Alan' is a— is a— is a Breton Celtic word for— for a pebble or rock, 'cause that is generally assumed to—"

That's more than Alan can take. "Rock! Not a pebble!"

"Well…"

"Possibly a boulder!" Stephen starts to say something but Alan doesn't let him finish. "But not a pebble!"

"In my book of meanings of dull Christian names," says Stephen, "it says…" He trails off and clears his throat. "And it says 'Stephen' means 'a garland.'"

"Well, I think you'll find," Alan says indignantly, "that when they invented the name 'Alan,' it was a boulder, and over time…" He rides over Stephen's dawning understanding with a hand gesture. "It might have got worn down—"

"Worn down to a pebble."

"Perhaps, now, it's a little pebble."

Stephen is obviously stunned by this display of brilliance on Alan's part. "Or— yeah," he says.

Alan's on a roll. "But a beautiful pebble that would skim really well across a flat surface," he suggests.

"Well, I'll tell you the answer. Uh… you do get your points, though, I think, for knowing that Alan means—"

He's been dividing his glances between Stephen and the audience and the cameras, but during this last he catches another glimpse of Rich on the other side of the table, that odd half smirk on his face, and Alan gets a little carried away in whooping, ostensibly about the points he's just been awarded. Stephen's quelling glance gets him back on track, though, for which he's grateful. A bit.

Then, of course, a minute later, he gets distracted again.

"I mean, if Alans are going to be attacked, I will be there in the queue being herded onto the trains, too, because my father is an Alan," Stephen says.

"Is he?" says Alan in his politest manner, which isn't very.

"You see?" Stephen's doing that rhetorical voice that Alan isn't particularly fond of. "There. So I… There's a little bit of Alan in me." He turns to Rich. "Is there any of Alan in you?"

Alan sees the red light of his camera go off and briefly squeezes his eyes shut. He has a strange sinking feeling he knows how this is going to go.

"No. No," says Rich.

Alan can't help himself. "Do you want some?"

He rolls his eyes at himself even as the words come out. Rich doesn't seem to mind the corniness of the joke, though; he purses his lips again and gives Alan just the faintest eyelid-twitch-that-could-be-a-wink before diving right back into the "make Stephen insane" contest.

"My name means, uh… It's Rich. Richard."

"It means 'wealthy,' 'opulent,' 'with money,' 'plutocratic.'"

"No."

Alan snorts a little.

"'Rich?'" asks Stephen. "Doesn't 'rich' mean that?"

"No. No, it doesn't at all, Steve!"

"Okay!"

"It means 'aquarium gravel.'"

Stephen throws up his hands. Nice one, Alan thinks, grinning.

When the show is over, Alan in wonderful first place with twenty three whole points (hey, just because he's getting paid for this doesn't mean he's not allowed to be interesting instead of comic relief every now and again), he floats backstage and into his dressing room. Getting his makeup off takes a little time, but he's practiced at it by now.

Today needs a better ending, Alan thinks, wadding up the last of the wipes, none of the anticlimactic "ta, chaps" bullshit that usually happens after a taping.

There's a knock on the door. Still pondering the evening's activities, Alan opens the door and tries not to let his mouth hang open too much. Rich leans against the doorframe and gives Alan a raised-eyebrow look. He's washed his makeup off as well, and up close his face is even more wrinkled, especially around the eyes.

"You know, where I come from it's customary to ask people in," says Rich. Alan starts and moves out of the doorway enough for Rich to slip inside.

"Unless they're vampires," Alan counters. "Then you're not supposed to." Rich snorts and drapes himself into the only chair, one leg hanging over the padded arm.

"Lucky for you I'm not one. That would really suck." He cringes at his own words and Alan grins, resting his hip against the edge of the dressing table. "Of course," Rich continues, "if you'd like to use that as an excuse to have sex in public, I could come in again."

Alan chokes. "Pardon?" he says stupidly.

Rich smiles, a full grin spreading across his face for the first time Alan can remember. "You know," he says, "hanky panky, dancing the mattress jig, throwing a leg over, making the beast with two backs, knockin' boots—"

"All right, all right, all right!" says Alan, laughing in spite of himself. "Careful, or Stephen'll have you reciting those on camera. Series C, the 'copulation' episode." He eyes Rich warily for a moment. What the hell, he thinks, Getting shot down can't possibly be as bad as another boring evening down at the pub. "Not so much the public thing," he says, waggling a hand back and forth, "but the other part, well, I s'pose I could be persuaded."

Rich licks his lips. "Yeah?" he says, a bit hoarse.

"Yeah," says Alan.

"Excellent," says Rish with some relish, and then he's on his knees in front of Alan, unzipping Alan's trousers.

"Wha—" says Alan. He thinks he probably ought to work on that – but then the thought falls away as Rich's hand is on his cock, pulling it out into the cool air of the studio.

"Trust me," says Rich, "I'm an American. If there's one thing we know, it's blowjobs."

Rich's mouth is hot in striking contrast to the chill of the air, and wet, unbelievably wet. Alan shudders at the sensation. Looking down, his gaze is drawn to the way Rich's mouth stretches around his cock. He shudders again, and braces his hand against the vanity underneath his thrusting hips. Rich's tongue is tracing along his length in motions that are both familiar and exotic at the same time; it's been a while since Alan's had the pleasure of this type of company.

The part of Alan's mind that never quite turns off wonders what they would look like to someone watching – a study in contrasts. Rich's craggy face, each line and wrinkle indicating a wealth of life experience, versus Alan, who's been called "fresh-faced" far too often for his liking, and who now makes his living by appearing to be young and stupid. Then, too, their physical postures – Rich is bent down, almost hunched, while Alan himself is arching backwards in pleasure, trying instinctively to get his cock further down Rich's throat. Fucking brilliant, thinks Alan, that's how we'd look.

Moaning, he curls his other hand into Rich's hair, which is as coarse as it looks. Rich slides back, teasing Alan with sly licks and a fluttering of eyelashes against his tanned cheeks. Rich's hand rests on Alan's thigh, slowly working his trousers down further, and then inches up to caress the newly exposed skin.

"Fuck, yeah," Alan grunts. "God, so fucking—"

Rich's mouth twists a little around the head of Alan's cock and Alan realizes he's smiling again. He favors Alan with another few licks, then leans in and takes him all the way to the back of his throat.

Alan twists his head and tries to muffle his shout against his shoulder as he comes. He doesn't think he quite managed it.

Rich lets Alan's cock slip from his mouth and mouths a line up Alan's thigh.

"Up," says Alan hoarsely, tugging ineffectively at Rich's shirt. "If I get down there I'll be too creaky to get up again."

"You're fucking younger than I am," says Rich, but he clambers up from the floor. Alan tugs him into a kiss, not thinking until their lips meet that Rich may have wanted just sex and nothing more. But Rich kisses back messily, the scratch of his stubble grinding against Alan's lips, the wet heat of his open mouth sliding along Alan's jaw.

He holds Rich close with one hand fisted in his shirt and works the other hand down between them, scraping his fingernails over Rich's chest through the worn fabric of his shirt. Rich sucks in a breath and arches against Alan.

"Fuck," he says. "Yeah, fucking shit, yeah." He looks obscene, Alan thinks, lips swollen and eyes wide with lust, shockingly different from the blankness of his public persona.

"I think I'm limber enough that you could bend me over the chair," Alan says, and Rich has his trousers undone before Alan can even finish the sentence. Alan smirks and shucks his own, stretching ostentatiously before he leans over and shuffles through his bag for lube and a condom.

"Fucking tease," says Rich, but there's laughter in his voice. "And you carry lube?"

"Oh, but I intend to follow through," says Alan. "And—" he hisses a little as Rich works a blunt finger into him and loses his train of thought, flexing forward instinctively.

"Okay?"

"Yeah."

Rich's finger crooks inside Alan, stretching him. He groans and pushes back onto it, waiting past the familiar burn for that feeling he remembers. Rich slides his other hand up Alan's back, squeezes the back of his neck, and slides down again, holding Alan's hip in a loose hold. He adds a second finger, and after a moment Alan's there, in the zone where he can't quite catch his breath, where he can only suck in bits of air between the pounding beats of his heart.

"C'mon," he urges Rich, who promptly smacks him on the arse.

"Patience, grasshopper," he says, a little breathlessly. "I'm enjoying myself."

"Fucking christ," says Alan, but he stretches again, pushing his hips further onto Rich's fingers and throwing his head back. He's getting hard again from all the preparation. Rich growls, then coughs. Somehow Alan knows that means he's laughing a little.

"Yeah, okay," Rich says. He pulls his fingers out and Alan moans at the loss of sensation. Then Rich's cock is pushing into him slowly, starting the burn all over again. Alan can't even wait for Rich to fill him, finds himself clenching his muscles around Rich's cock erratically. The hand at his hip slides around to his chest and reels him in, holds him there while he catches his breath.

"So, okay, who's fucking who here?" says Rich.

Alan barks out a laugh. "You didn't exactly let me earn any points in the first part of this encounter."

"Fair enough. But I'm the wrong person to fuck you if you want me to just lie back and think of England."

Alan sighs melodramatically. "Fine, fine," he says, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. Rich pinches one of his nipples in retaliation and Alan feels his cock jump. There's a pause and then Rich does it again, twisting just the right side of painful until Alan's moaning and writhing and completely out of breath again.

"God," he chokes out, "fine, fuck, just fuck me already."

Rich slides back and then sinks in again, establishing a slow, easy rhythm. This time Alan lets go, loses himself in breathing and the throb of pleasure from his arse. Rich's hand is warm against Alan's chest in the faint coolness of the dressing room, and his body behind Alan is like a furnace. He moves faster, shoving Alan's cock against the rough fabric of the chair with each thrust. Alan moans loudly and then bites down on his lip. He can't forget where they are. But it doesn't seem to matter much to Rich, who's growling and panting and cursing under his breath. His thrusts get wilder and his fingers tighten on Alan's chest as he comes with a stifled grunt.

Alan's close by now, knows that if he can just rut against the chair a few more times it'll bring him over the edge. But Rich is gripping him too tightly.

"Please, c'mon, please, need—" says Alan. Rich slides his hand down and fists Alan's cock, stroking him until he comes with a sob all over the arm of the chair.

They rest there for a minute, Rich's weight on Alan's back and both of them leaning on the chair. Alan's heartbeat slows and the cool air begins to raise the hairs on his arms.

"Oof, up," he says finally. Rich sighs but stands up.

"Nice," he says with a faint smile.

"Famous British hospitality," Alan says, and they both laugh. Rich reaches for his trousers and Alan does the same, pausing to dab at the arm of the chair with a wet wipe that he snags from the tabletop. He makes a face at the mess, then gives Rich a raised eyebrow as the other man shrugs into his shirt.

"You'll be back next series, right?"

Rich smiles. "Oh, most definitely. This show just gets more interesting every time I'm on."