They try to spend as much time together as work and Lewis's family allow for, but their bliss doesn't last too long as a new case brings them back down to earth. And once again it's Morse who finds he needs to remind Lewis to be careful in public.

Investigation of the murder of Jackie Thorn 

Inside Morse's Jaguar outside their temporary incident room, Morse and DS Maitland are in the front, Lewis is in the back seat

Lewis comfortably leans on the back rest of the driver's seat, close enough to be able to smell Morse who is asking him about make of the previous car of their victim.

"I can find out," Lewis says.

"Go on then."

"Right." Lewis replies, not budging, too content where he is.

Morse waits a moment, then looks at Lewis in the rear mirror and finally turns. Lewis, catching the look on Morse's face out of his eye, snaps out of his dreamlike state. "Oh, right." He quickly gets out of the Jaguar.

But there aren't many moments like this for them and once again it's their attitude towards the job that proves how different they are. Morse tackles the case with such fervour that he is willing to ignore rules and regulations. Lewis, however, is not willing to accept his superior's transgressions, but when he cannot stop Morse, he decides to rather go home than to be part of it. But this soon proves to be only the start of their differences on this case. When he arrives back at the incident room the following morning, Lewis finds a note from Morse, asking him to look into an old case. The only positive thing about the note is the signature, "M". Lewis takes it as a safe way for Morse to sign with his new pet name, trying to tell his lover he's not angry that he baulked out the previous night. It's not very comforting, though. He's still annoyed at Morse for not only bending but actually breaking the rules. Of course Lewis doesn't mention it to anyone, but he catches himself snapping at his colleagues, though they have done nothing wrong.

A while later, Morse calls, asking Lewis to come and pick him up at the home of the young woman whose file Lewis has been studying throughout the morning. Morse's Jaguar broke down and needs to be towed away, leaving the Chief Inspector in need of a ride. Lewis, upset that Morse didn't even wait to hear what the file said, thinks it's time they talk. Alone.

Phillipa Lau's street, the tow truck leaves with Morse's car

"Fancy a drink, Sir?" Lewis asks.

Morse looks at him questioningly. "What's the matter?"

"Just asking if you want a drink."

"Well, something's the matter. How many years have I known you? You don't often ask me to go for a drink."

"Well, I'm asking now." Lewis sounds annoyed.

Morse catches the tone, understanding that it'll take Lewis a while to say what is bothering him. "All right. Strangely enough, I know quite a decent hostelry a few minutes' drive from here."

They set off for Lewis's car but Morse suddenly stops again. "Oh, no. Wait a minute. I can't, can I? I've got a driving lesson. And I've paid for it. You couldn't give me a lift? We can chat in the car." Lewis scowls but doesn't decline Morse's request.

They walk on and enter the driveway Lewis parked in.

"This is where the Lau woman lives. She wouldn't open the door," Morse explains to his junior partner.

"You probably scared the living daylight out of her." Lewis's tone is accusing and Morse turns to look at him across the roof of Lewis's Vauxhall.

"What?"

"Phillipa Lau. Did you not think about that? She'll be terrified!" He sighs. Why wait? There's no time like the present, so why not just get it over? "You just trample around, don't you? You're supposed to be so clever. Sometimes I think you're just a bloody fool."

He's got Morse's full attention now and for once Morse is the one trying to stay calm. "Lewis, calm down and tell me what's eating at you."

"Why don't you wait and read the case notes before you go stirring up the past?" He reaches into the car and produces a file from it that he throws onto the car roof, annoyed with Morse's attitude. "If you can't be bothered to read the whole lot, just look at the last page. It's a signed confession."

Morse looks at him, stunned. "It's what?" He picks up the file and opens it to the last page.

"A signed confession." With that, Lewis gets into the car.

Morse, studying the document, takes the passenger seat and Lewis starts the engine.

When he finishes reading, Morse closes the file and places it in his lap before turning to look at Lewis who is grimly clutching the steering wheel. "That's not all, is it?"

"No."

"Go on, tell me. Get it out of your system."

Lewis hesitates a moment, trying to decide on how to say what's on his mind. "I can't go on like this," he finally says.

"What do you mean?"

"It's not the first time you've broken the rules. There was that letter, now going through Boynton's papers without a warrant. I don't want to be part of that any longer. If you don't care about the rules, it's your choice, but I care. Maybe it's best if I asked for a transfer."

Morse is shocked, he hasn't expected Lewis to react so strongly. He needs to stall for time before he feels he can reply to it, so, when Lewis speeds around a corner a little too fast, he says the first thing that comes to his mind. "I could tell you a lot about your driving already, Lewis. A lot of problems."

Lewis sighs. "You're not taking this seriously, are you?"

"I am. Yes, I am. My case is falling to pieces, my car is falling to pieces, I can't have a drink and my Sergeant wants a transfer. Yes, I am taking it seriously."

"I don't want a transfer. I just think perhaps it would be..." He hesitates, no, he doesn't want a transfer. He wants Morse to stop acting so foolishly. "I don't know." He can't make himself say it.

"Anyway, you may as well know I'm not accepting any of it, except maybe the drink. I am not accepting any of it!"

They arrive at the driving school and Morse gets out of the car, still holding the Lau file in his hands. Lewis gets out, too, and, out of habit, catches up with Morse within a few paces. "Sir, there's a man in prison." Taking up the 'sir' the moment they're not in private any longer is just as much habit as following his boss around is.

"I think we pay him a visit," Morse decides.

Lewis isn't happy about that. "Oh, he's more than a hundred miles away!"

"Well, he can't come to us." Morse spots his driving instructor approaching. "Hello Derek."

"All well?" The instructor asks.

"Fine," Morse lies.

Derek turns to Lewis. "Sergeant?"

"Derek." Lewis is not in the mood for lies, not even little white lies. And he's not in the mood for being left behind just like that, so he calls after Morse when his boss starts to walk off with his driving instructor. "So, what am I doing?"

Morse turns and walks back to him and pushes the file into Lewis's hands. "I want to meet this man. And tell Maitland to call Phillipa Lau. It might be better coming from a woman. Derek, you won't mind if Sergeant Lewis uses your phone?"

"No, use the one in my office, my shed. You have to dial nine for an outside line."

"See you in an hour or two," Morse says, stating in those few words that he fully expects Lewis to be there when his lesson ends.

"Great," Lewis replies, the sarcasm so obvious that even Derek picks up on it.

"I'll wipe the smile off his face, Sergeant. We're off to the skid pan."

The thought makes Lewis grin a little. Morse deserves it, he thinks. But, as they have established that a transfer is out of the question, he decides he'd better get to work. Arranging a meeting with Gerry Firth takes him only a couple of phone calls.

The next day in Lewis's car on the way to visit Gerry Firth in prison

Morse, brought back down to earth by his time on the skid pan and a good telling off by Strange, is in need of reassurance. "So," he starts, making Lewis throw him a sideways glance. "You're not going to ask for a transfer then."

Lewis sighs. "No, you're not getting rid of me."

"I'm very glad to hear that."

"But you can't go on like this. You can't keep breaking the rules like that. They're there for a reason, you know."

Now it's Morse's turn to sigh. "Yes, Lewis, I know. I'm sorry that I tried to draw you into it. I should have known better."

"You should have known better than to do it in the first place. All you're achieving is getting yourself into trouble. And me reassigned to God knows who when the Chief Super feels he's got to suspend you for real."

Morse looks at Lewis for a long moment. "Whom, Lewis. To God knows whom."

"Don't change the subject."

"Sorry."

There's another silence before Lewis speaks up again. "Yeah, I'm sorry, too. For calling you a bloody fool and all."

"I don't know, Lewis, maybe you've got a point there."

"Well, just a fool, then, not a bloody fool."

Morse chuckles. "All right, a regular fool. If you think you can work with a fool as your superior."

"Makes me feel the more needed?" Lewis suggests, now chuckling, too.

"Oh, I do need you, Lewis, believe me, I do."

Lewis remembers those words loud and clear when the case comes to an abrupt end in the form of a car crash in which their murderer ends up dead and Morse with an arm in a sling. Lewis uses the latter as an excuse with his wife to sneak off to Morse's after dinner. "He needs help, luv, just an hour or two, I promise." It's a promise he doesn't manage to keep as he's gone for nearly four hours in the end. Four very enjoyable hours in which he helps Morse shower. Or rather, takes a shower with him, a long and very satisfying experience for both of them.