Camryn O'Connor took a sip of her strawberry daiquiri and stared across the room. There was a thin crowd at the small bar Camryn had found--called The Rusty Bucket. No surprise since it was Valentines Day. Camryn imagined that most everyone was either tucked away in a booth at a fancy restaurant or cuddled up in front of a fireplace with their lover. Everyone except for her and a few other lonely New Yorkers.
Tonight was supposed to be a fabulous night of carefree drinking and sexual activity. Just two weeks ago she and her single friend, Kayla, had planned it. They would dress up, head to a local bar, pick up some eye candy, and then head back to their apartments for a night full of fun beneath the sheets. For once Camryn hadn't been dreading Valentines and all of the romantic activity the day entailed. That is, until Kayla's most recent ex had showed up with an offer to rekindle their relationship. At first Camryn had been angry at Kayla for ditching her so quickly. But honestly, she couldn't be mad, because who _didn't_ want to be with someone they loved on Valentines?
With a heavy sigh, Camryn caught the bartender's eye and motioned for him to bring her another drink. Out of stubbornness, she had kept her end of the Valentines Day pact she and Kayla had made. Earlier that evening she'd dressed in a red skirt, knee-high black boots, and an off-the-shoulder white cardigan. She had entered The Rusty Bucket full of hope. Too bad all of the men here tonight looked as if they were just up for drowning their sorrows in vodka and scotch. One man had approached her, but had moved on when she made it clear that he wouldn't be bedding her in his wildest dreams.
Maybe she wasn't cut out for a hot affair. All of her life Camryn had been the "good girl." Always playing by the rules, and always losing to those who didn't. She told herself that all she needed for her holiday blues to dissipate was a hot guy to cling to all night long. Deep down she knew that it would take more than a one night stand. Ever since her aunt—her last known relative—had died three years earlier, her holiday spirit had been MIA. Images of a husband, children, and paper hearts flashed through her mind, only ceasing when the old bartender set a glass in front of her. "Here you go, sweetheart. Anything else I can get you?"
"No, this will do it," she tried to smile, but felt like it came out as more of a grimace.
His brows furrowed, "I've been watching you sulk all night. Whatsa matter? You end things with your boyfriend recently? Talk to old Jimmy about it."
Opening up to people had never come very easily to Camryn. Growing up in foster homes until age twelve when her aunt was able to find her, she had learned to rely on herself. A flush started to creep up her neck, "I didn't...I mean, I don't have a boyfriend. I haven't for a long time. But I don't feel like talking, really..."
A knowing look came over the aged man's face, and he patted her hand, "That's okay, sweetheart, but if you don't mind me saying so, you're awfully pretty; any man would be lucky to have you. Maybe Cupid will work a little magic."
Camryn gave an embarrassed laugh, and was about to remind the man that he knew nothing about her. For all he knew she could be the biggest bitch this side of the Mississippi. But her words got stuck in her throat when the bar door was shoved open. Cool air immediately penetrated every inch of the bar, and swirls of snowflakes made their way inside. Street lights from outside kept the stranger's face hidden, but from what Camryn _could_ see was impressive.
His long legs were encased in well-worn jeans that led up to a narrow waist and a light blue button-down. Broad shoulders were set off by his suede jacket. Being tall herself, Camryn could tell that he stood around 6'3''. He strode in and took a seat in the middle of the bar, just three seats away. Jimmy went over to talk to the new face while Camryn studied the man's profile. The dim lighting played off the sharp angles of his face, showcasing the powerful square jaw, straight nose, and kissable lips. Chocolate brown hair lay in an intentional disarray. Camryn clenched her hands into fists, her fingers longing to be buried in the silky strands.
She brought the rim of her drink to her glossed lips just as the man caught her staring at him. At the sight of those deep blue eyes—one that could be cool as ice or hot enough to melt steel—Camryn gasped, the drink slipping from her fingers. Her drink spilled onto the counter, and she frantically groped for napkins to cleanup the spreading puddle. Jimmy swore crudely, but stopped moving closer to Camryn when a deep voice reached his ears, "Don't worry about it, we'll clean this up. Just get the lady another drink."
His expression was one of pity. A pathetic emotion that Camryn really didn't want from someone so gorgeous. Especially if that someone was _him_. Luke Masterson was one of the people Camryn had counted on never seeing again. Once graduation day had come, she bolted from the small town to the city. Then, after college, she never came back. Didn't go to her five year reunion, wouldn't return calls she got from old classmates, and _never_ talked about her old peers. Still, there had always been one person she couldn't stop from entering her mind every now and then. One person she would still love to see no matter how many old memories it dredged up. And now...that man was before her.
As Luke wiped up the mess she'd made, Camryn observed the shift of lean muscles beneath his shirt—ones he hadn't lost since being All-State Quarterback. The only noticeable differences in him were that his shoulders seemed even broader, and his hair was styled in a more professional manner. Her mind drifted back to the fantasies she'd often entertained about Luke, the one person from her past that she knew she could never forget.
Luke felt the woman's heavy stare. It was something he was used to—being looked at—but for some reason it felt different now. She was looking past his exterior. He felt naked under her green-eyed gaze. The very idea of being naked in front of her gave Luke a thrill. He'd of been blind not to notice her. Dressed in that short skirt that showed long toned legs leading up to milky thighs. He wanted to settle between them. To feel those legs wrapped around his waist. Wanted to see those glossy lips part with feminine pleasure as he felt her tighten around him intimately.
A soft voice interrupted the cascade of images flooding his brain, which was probably a good thing since his pants were growing ever-less-roomy. "Y-you don't have to help clean this up." She removed the wadded up napkins from his hand. He was surprised when he felt a zing of something almost electrical shoot down to his toes when she touched him. Even more surprised at her next words. "I'm sure your date will be here any second."
Luke cleared his throat, settling down on the stool next to her, "I'm not expecting anyone. Are you?"
The eyes that had been so shamelessly observing him only seconds before now looked like a deer in the headlights. "N-no," she stammered in a way that seemed familiar.
Squinting, Luke tried to place where he'd heard the voice. Certainly he would remember a woman this sexy if they'd crossed paths before. How could he have ignored the wavy blonde hair or mysterious green eyes? Not to mention soft feminine curves that were every man's wet dream. Still, despite the nagging feeling in the back of his mind, no memories were surfacing. _Maybe she just has a common look._
"Well good," Luke smiled broadly, "Because you're the prettiest woman in the room, and it'd be a shame if you were already taken."
A blush crept up her neck, and she looked away, "I'm definitely not taken."
"I'm Luke, by the way." He smiled genuinely and extended his hand.
Maybe tonight wouldn't be too bad. Coming into the bar originally, Luke had been feeling sorry for himself. All alone wasn't exactly the way he wanted to be. Every other day he could handle it, but not on Valentines Day. If for only one night he wanted to bask in the warmth that a woman could provide.
Two hours and three daiquiris later Camryn was feeling a lot less shy around Luke. He'd been an excellent companion. They were able to talk about everything from their favorite author to their most embarrassing moment. Of course she'd had to make some things up when he would ask about things from her childhood. If there was one thing Camryn didn't want him to know, it was who she really was. The pathetic loser from high school who all of his friends had made fun of.
A couple of times he had touched her. Just a moving of a stray hair here, an elbow brush there...but each time she felt a heat in his touch that made her press her thighs together. What would it be like to be beneath a man who could make her wet by just bumping her elbow? Hell, the sound of his voice alone could probably get her off. Besides, he conducted himself in a very confident—yet not arrogant—way that was extremely sexy. Lost in thought, Camryn was pulled back to reality only when she felt Luke's warm breath on her ear, the scent of his cologne intoxicating. "Come back to my apartment with me...."
Even if her senses were a teeny bit off due to the drinks she'd consumed, there was no disguising the lust in Luke's eyes. Her stomach flip-flopped. How long had she wished to see that very look in his eyes? It would be too emotional to go back with him. She didn't need to be thinking about how much high school had sucked. Still, she found herself nodding, and on shaky legs she exited the bar, her small hand encased in Luke's bigger one. It didn't seem like the best decision, but she _had_ come to the bar for the express purpose of getting laid by a good-looking man. And that, she convinced herself, was all this was. Sex. Nothing more, nothing less.
But then Luke's hand found hers and their fingers intertwined. And just like that a seed of hope was planted deep in a part of her heart that was untouchable. There was no denying that hope. The one that said there was a chance that Luke would see more in her than a one-night stand.
She was surprised when he led her into the lobby of a high-rise. "You live here?"
"Yeah, thirty-third floor."
Stepping into the elevator Camryn's legs wobbled. What was she doing with a man who could afford to live like this? She was barely surviving with two roommates and a menial job for the local newspaper.
Luke's arm came around her waist, gently tugging her closer. Close enough that having any thought outside of how much she wanted him wasn't possible. "You went a little pale at the mention of the thirty-third floor. Not scared of heights are you?"
"A little," she admitted, her knees almost buckling when he did a sexy half- smile.
Eyes meeting hers, he inched even closer, "Don't worry, Liz. You're safe with me." The fake name she'd given him was startling at first, but then he pressed his lips over hers and all else was forgotten.
It started as a light caress. A soft, warm, pressure that slowly grew less tentative with each brush of his lips. Camryn's arms wound their way around Luke's neck as he walked her backwards until she was sandwiched between him and the side wall of the elevator. The air between them simmered with sexual energy. One hand came down to cup her breast, and Camryn moaned, mouth open, eyes closed, her head falling back.
She needed a second out from under the most skilled pair of lips she'd ever come across. If he kept it up she just might orgasm from a make-out session. No man needed that much of an ego boost.
Luke was a man of opportunity. It was how he'd made the varsity football team as a freshmen, and how he'd made his way up the corporate ladder. So, being presented with the graceful arch of Liz's neck, he knew exactly what to do. Her skin was smooth under his tongue as he made his way to the exposed shoulder that had taunted him all evening. Her small mews of pleasure seemed to have a direct effect on the state of his hard-on—which already felt harder than it'd ever been.
Never had a woman been so responsive to every move he made. Every kiss, touch, lick...she had him wanting to skip anymore foreplay and move onto the part where he got to sink into her moist heat. Speaking of which...
Luke trailed a hand down her leg, slowly coming back up, but underneath her skirt this time. He let out a groan when he felt that she wore stockings instead of nylons that would get in the way of further probing. But just when he was about to find out just how wet she was, the ding of the elevator penetrated the sexual haze he'd been lost in.
Coherent thought and logic abandoned, Luke all but dragged Camryn behind him. Unlocking his door had never proven so difficult. His keys seemed as easy to grip as a wet fish, and almost fell to the ground. Twice.
Once inside he shrugged off his coat and let it fall to the floor, waiting for his companion to do the same with hers before he all but attacked her. The wall behind her provided support. Their hips ground together in promise of what was going to come later. Much later if he wasn't careful. The way she was reacting about had him coming with his pants still on.
Her hands busied themselves with untucking his shirt from his Levi's. Then they were traveling up his back, feeling cool against his heated flesh. Pushing the sweater down her arms it bunched around her waist. Not the intended way of removal, but definitely the quickest. Practiced fingers undid her front-clasping red lace bra.
 _Oh, God._
 __For a few moments he marveled at the perfection of her breasts. They weren't overly large...just enough to fill his hands. He hefted each of them and made small circles around the nipples until they hardened into distended peaks. One look and he saw that her eyes were on his actions. Without breaking eye contact Luke lowered his head and took one rounded tip into his mouth, suckling and nipping lightly.
His other hand found the scrap of material that was covering her mound. He ran his finger lightly up and down her slit until she moaned lightly, rolling her hips. Luke lowered himself to his knees, taking her sweater and skirt with him until they were pooled at her ankles. She stepped from them, and looked down at him, biting her lip nervously.
Luke's Adams apple bobbed as he tried to control himself. Here was this beautiful woman. She stood before him in only a pair of red sheer panties that left nothing to the imagination. And she was acting as if he would suddenly decide that he didn't want her? Part of him wanted to wrap her in his arms and hold her close—ask what could've made such an amazing woman lose confidence in herself. The other half—the below the waist half—wanted to show her exactly how he felt. Do things to her so that she was left knowing exactly how much he wanted her.
And God did he. Hearing her breath catch as he slowly slid her panties down the long toned legs, and being able to smell her arousal...Luke felt like he would die if he didn't have her that instant.
He stood, and she went to remove his pants. With one hand Luke stopped both of hers. The question in her eyes left him with no choice but to kiss her. To take her mouth and sweep his tongue inside, sucking at her lower lip for one delicious second before releasing it. Staring into her brilliant green eyes he stroked her cheek, "Without my pants on I don't think I could resist taking you right now."
Those kiss-swollen lips twisted in a confused frown, "You're not going to fuck me?"
Considering the fact that he was practically drooling over her, that one word coming from her sweet lips made his mouth go amazingly dry. Not to mention that his pants grew even tighter. Luke licked his lips, "Oh, baby, I want to make love to you more than you can imagine. But not yet."
Before she could ask, he scooped her up and carried her to the bedroom.
Camryn was set down on the soft sheets. She struck a splayed out pose that she hoped was seductive. If Luke's pupils dilating and the bulge in his pants growing even more defined were any indication...then she'd hit that one on the head. Inside she gave a huge sigh of relief. Out in his large living room, when he hadn't let her take his pants off, she'd been scared that he'd changed his mind. Nothing could be worse than _almost_ getting to feel a man like Luke Masterson above her.
He knelt on the bed, kissing his way up her leg to her inner thigh. The throbbing in Camryn's head grew. She needed him inside her. Didn't want anymore foreplay or teasing. What she longed for is to feel a man slide deep inside. It had been way too long.
When Luke planted a kiss on her mound and then ran his tongue in circles around her clit, Camryn shuddered. She tried to move back out of his range. Two large hands holding her hips stopped her. "Where do you think you're going?"
She swallowed hard. Seeing his intense cobalt-blue eyes looking up from between her legs was almost too much to handle. "You don't have to do that, Luke. I don't expect you to."
His smile was so tender that it touched her heart. "I know you don't. That's why I want to." He paused, his smile turning to a grin. "Let me do this for you, Liz. Let me feel you come on my tongue."
The lust in his voice made her nipples tighten. The only part she hadn't liked was the name. When he finally came, she wanted it to be her name that he called out. Her name that his voice would caress intimately.
Then she became privy to cunnlingus by Luke. And after being given one of the most incredible orgasms of her life, she really didn't give a damn what he called her. As long as he could shuck his pants and slide home in a minute or less.
Soon enough he was poised above her, teasing them both by rubbing the head of his cock around her hole. "You're sure you want to go through with this, right? I mean...we hardly know each other."
She almost punched him when she saw his eyes dancing with humor. "Right about now I'd say I'll have to kick your ass if you don't finish what you've started, Mr. Masterson."
Their eyes met, a world of things being communicated. With a nod, Luke quit messing around and slid into her body—where they both wanted him to be. A gasp escaped Camryn's mouth, but was muffled by Luke's lips. Their first kiss being joined was tender. Too tender. It was the kind of kiss Camryn would expect from a love who had long ago memorized every inch of her body and soul. She didn't want that kind of kiss from Luke.
This was a one-night stand. A chance to finally get him out of her system after all those years. She never expected him to edge his way into her life even further. But as they began to move together, breath mingling, their bodies fitting together so perfectly...that's exactly what he did.