Chapter 1: Exploding Snap

James had done just as he'd threatened Evans he'd do: he rejoined Peter in their card game. Pete didn't seem to have moved much in the time James was gone. James took nine whole hands to mount the courage to broach the subject with Peter, who, in turn, just stared at James with wide eyes and muttered a few expletives. They went back to playing Exploding Snap. It was about five hands later that Sirius and Moony re-entered the common room and sat down at their table. James dealt them in, and they played in silence. James was far too aware that he'd never been told about this plan. He wasn't supposed to know. It would be rude to presume. However, the knowledge of what had passed last night weighed so heavily in his head that he eventually couldn't keep it inside any more.

"So what is it like to be, uh, you know?" James threw down another set of cards and Sirius held a breath, waiting for it to explode. Once it had, he returned his gaze to his hand.

"You can say it, James," Moony responded calmly.

Sirius flung down his own cards and caught the pair just before it burst. "Ha!"

"Man," Peter groaned.

"'M not afraid to say it," James mumbled. "Does it feel different, like?"

Sirius shrugged. "Feels nice. Hey, you have any more of the you-know-what in your sock drawer?"

"Nice?" James bit the inside of his lip and missed another pair.

Sirius shifted to look at Remus. He beamed up at his-- his mate, now-- "Feels brilliant. Feels like flying on the biggest, baddest broom ever. Feels like I've got a Prefect in my trousers. Oh wait... I do, don't I?" Sirius had never bandied about sexual innuendo before with such freedom, and James felt like he'd lost a brother. He felt sick.

"It feels like my best mate always knows what I'm thinking," Sirius finished.

"I can't tell what you're thinking," Remus shook his head.

"And it's a good thing too, because then you'd know that I'm thinking of the illegal pants in Prongs' sock drawer. James?"

"Huh? Yeah, but you'll have to--"

"Yeah, I know. Anyone else want a, uh, glass of pumpkin juice?" They all knew he was offering firewhisky from their private stash.

Remus rolled his eyes and answered, "I'll pass thanks." James said yes with too much enthusiasm and Sirius took the stairs two at a time to their room.

"So," James hunched forward and kept his eye on his deck of cards. "What's it like? I mean, is it like you're married?"

Remus, who had been looking for his kerchief in his pocket, paused and considered James. "Yeah, I guess. Not really. There's not... I mean," he sighed. "Our parents don't know yet. I don't think we'll ever tell Sirius' really, but we'll have to tell yours."

"And yours?" Peter asked.

Remus sighed. "Dumbledore already owled them. They might even know by now."

"Merlin," James blinked wide brown eyes up at Remus, feeling increasingly off-kilter. Frankly, off-kilter was a refreshing change of emotion from the ones he had been feeling for the past hour or so. "Should we have a party? Like a reception or something?"

Sirius took that moment to arrive and pass out Firewhisky charmed to look like pumpkin juice to anyone who didn't stare too closely. "A party? Why Prongs, how thoughtful. I would make you the best man, of course, except the main thing's already passed." Sirius flashed bright teeth at James. James tried very hard not to glower back at Sirius.

"I don't get it," Peter looked up from fingering his own cards. "You two've been buggering. How has anything changed because of some magic?"

They all stared at him.

"Are you daft?" James squawked. "Magic's important. Magic can change everything. Or aren't you a wizard?"

"But it was just a charm."

"Actually," James pushed his classes up, "It was a transfigutory spell, with no known reversal, which is why Remus' parents are being owled, dunderhead."

"But they're not transfigured!" Pete poked a finger in the direction of Remus and Sirius' side of the table.

"Not on the outside," James hitched a shoulder.

"Bloody-- Did you guys transfigure yourselves on the insides?"

Sirius stared blankly at Peter for a moment before his face contorted in disgust. "Oh, gross Pete. What in Olwen's bollocks are you talking about?"

"Sirius, Olwen didn't have bollocks. That was Culhwch," Remus laughed.

"Worse," Sirius snorted. James couldn't begin to guess what that was supposed to mean, but it was a familiar snapshot of a well-known Sirius, and comforted him a bit.

"Well what did you do then? If you didn't transfigure yourselves outside or inside, how can it be transfigutory?" Peter threw down his deck in exasperation, all the cards promptly exploding. "Jesus," Remus hissed as the four Marauders jumped in surprise.

"You transfigured some muggle god?" Peter frowned again.

"You are daft," James groaned. "Look, people have these things called souls. They're real and it's very... well, it's dangerous to do magic with souls. Most soul-magic is Dark. I don't even know if what they did is Dark--"

"It bloody well wasn't!" All good humor had left Sirius' face at that. "I wouldn't throw around such accusations if I were you."

"I didn't accuse you of anything, Pads!"

Dangerously low, Sirius answered, "Really? Because I swear it sounded like you just accused me of doing Dark magic."

"James," Remus voice was gentle, "did you think it was Dark?"

James just blinked at Remus as if trying to figure out where he had come from.

"It's not," Remus continued. "You really shouldn't... You should know Sirius would never mess with Dark magic. It's soul-magic, yes, but old. Perhaps the oldest magic of all. The whole concept of a wedding is based on a union of souls, though it's not easy to accomplish and, of course, utterly futile without the help of a wizard, if you're a muggle. I suspect that's where priests and officiants came from in the first place: muggles would need a wizard to perform the spell."

James blinked back at him. "Oh."

"You transfigured your souls?"

"Good job, Pete," Sirius answered with an acid tongue.

"Still," James turned his eyes back to Sirius, "Do you know how easy it would have been to mess up? I bet priests are involved in marrying wizards also because everyone knows they won't mess up."

"Do you have an ashwinder in your trousers, James? I'm sure you've never done any dangerous self-transfigurations, right?" Sirius rolled his eyes.

"Yes, but-- I mean, I-- Argh!" James must have been squeezing his cards too tightly, as they exploded in his hand. He yelped in pain, flung them down, and marched up the stairs to their dorm room.

He could hear Sirius shoot the rest of his firewhisky and mutter something to the other two, and could easily enough guess that Sirius was following him up. They were brothers. They had been since before Sirius had moved in with James. Somehow it felt as if they always had been. The Potters, being pure bloods, had been allowed to have Sirius on holiday with them, and they had taken advantage every year since first year, for at least several weeks. Once, the Blacks would only let Sirius go if the Potters had someplace interesting in mind, and they'd worked to find someplace "interesting" to take the boys. Mrs. Potter had a soft-spot for the morally uncorrupted child of the crazy Blacks. It was obvious to anyone with two ears that Mrs. Black verbally abused Sirius at any opportunity, and no doubt it was worse in private. Mrs. Potter felt the need to recompense that abuse with love, double fold. The night a slightly-hexed Sirius had shown up on the Potter doorstep, lost and confused as to where he was going to go in the morrow, James had not had any doubts that their conversion of his mother's music room into a third bedroom was going to be permanent.

As brothers, they were no strangers to fights. They'd had their first fist fight over a muggle bicycle the summer after first year. Mrs. Potter had taken away the bike on account of the argument, and James and Sirius made up while helping each other steal it back from the broom shed of the Brighton Bed and Breakfast. They'd taken turns coasting down the steepest hill they could find, and they'd arrived back at the B&B tired and hungry and grinning from ear to ear. Mrs. Potter didn't even punish them, as they'd shown such excellent teamwork and all that rot. So maybe a fight was in order, but it would hardly be the first, nor the last.

****

When Sirius entered the dormitory, James was nowhere to be seen. Sirius had seen him enter the room, though, so likely that meant he was under his cloak. Indeed, the blankets on his bed looked as though they were bearing weight. Sirius passed right by as though he hadn't noticed and flung himself on his own bed, facing the foot. He took out his homework and began his essay on the uses of mooncalf dung for Herbology, legs swinging in the air as he wrote about the harvesting and application procedures for magical turds. He passed over puns and jokes, keeping them out of his essay by sheer willpower alone. (Was that Remus' influence on his soul? Would one have sneaked through, normally? Not normally; this was normal now. Before?) Finally, it became too much to contain completely.

"Listen to this," he said to the seemingly empty room, "'In the fifteenth century, muggle men used mooncalf dung on their sexual organs, believing it would also increase the size of their--'" He burst out laughing. "'Size of their stamen.' Great Sphinx, who wrote this book?"

"Read the next paragraph," a muffled voice answered.

"Oh disgusting! They didn't! Women must be smarter than that."

"Well, if it increased fertility--"

"But it's poop, Prongs. I think I'm going to be ill."

James pulled off the cloak. "What? It's not as if you'll ever have to stick your wand in one."

"My 'stamen' you mean." Sirius laughed. "And cheer up, I'm sure no bird you'd pick would-- oh gross. I wish I had never seen this. I don't even think I can finish my essay now."

"How many inches do you have left?"

"Like, two."

"Just, you know, bullshit."

"Ugh."

"Hey Padfoot?"

"Yeah?" Sirius didn't look up from trying to draw out a long and content-less conclusion to his essay.

"Sorry about that out there. I'm happy you're happy, and I would be no matter what kind of magic you used, but of course I know you wouldn't use Dark magic."

Sirius looked up at James for a moment before shrugging, "'S alright."

"Yeah. Well." James shrugged back.

"I'm still the same, you know," Sirius answered the one unspoken fear they both shared. "I'm still me. It's like... well, it's like Prongs. What if I took him away from you forever? What would that feel like?"

"That's different. Prongs is a part of me already, I just didn't-- didn't know how to access that part before."

Sirius sighed and turned on his back. "That's just exactly it, James. Remus and I-- we're parts of each other, but parts we didn't know how to access before."

"But I don't get it-- what's changed? If you're you and he's him, then what does the spell do really?"

"I can-- I can feel his moods. I can tell he's confused and concerned just now. About us and what's going on up here, whether everything will be ok."

"No offense, Pads, but I knew that. It's not like I don't know him."

"Exactly." Sirius rolled over again-- always moving, Mrs. Potter liked to joke-- and dangled an arm over the side of the bed. "I guess the difference is that I would know what he was feeling even if I didn't know where he was, didn't know what was going on. And if I concentrate really hard, I can get snatches of his thoughts. Or I think I can. It's very difficult. And a sense of where he is. Just a sense-- inside-outside, warm-cold. Those sorts of things. 'Course you know me and concentrating, mate." Sirius grinned. "But I can tell you that he's just about out of patience and is thinking of heading up here. Thirty seconds to a minute." Sirius winked. "Wants to make sure I haven't killed you."

"Oh, as if," James rolled his eyes. "You know I would beat you in a duel."

"Yeah, prob'ly. Are we cool, mate?"

"Yeah. Sorry. I do sort of wish you'd told me, though, before you went and did it."

Sirius frowned. "I wasn't thinking. We should have." Sirius shifted again so that he was hanging with his head over the side of the bed, staring at James upside-down. "How will mum and dad take it, you think?"

"Ah," sighed James. "They're going to tear you in half for the transfigurations bit. Though of course you're some kind of transfigs genius, but they don't know that. 'Too young to work that kind of magic,' they'll say. They're also likely to take you across the coals for not knowing if you and Moony will last. You know how it tears people up to try and get that-- bonding-- reversed."

"Damn near impossible, even for a transfigs genius, not that I intend to find out," Sirius smiled wolfishly.

"But once they realize the damage is done and they can't do anything, they'll be happy for you. That you're happy. I think."

"Like you."

James smiled. "Like me."

Just then the door to the room swung open and Remus carefully waded in. "I'm not interrupting anything, I hope?"

"Nah," Sirius smiled at James, "just trying to get Prongs to go in on a threesome. Moony, have you read the Herbology assigned chapters yet? You have got to see this."

*****

The next day was blustery, but warm for November, with a bright sun overhead. It was a Hogsmeade weekend, but the fact had gone entirely unnoticed in the Gryffindor Fifth Years' dormitory.

"So, then, where is he?" James' father was glaring at James as if he himself had done something wrong. James tried to find a place for his hands. His mother, on the other hand, was gazing wide-eyed around downtown Hogsmeade, at the movement and color of a Saturday in autumn in the wizarding town.

"Are you going to yell at him? Because, you know, I already did. It doesn't help." James rounded his shoulders.

His mother's gaze snapped back to James. "Yell at him? What he did was dangerous, but-- are we going to stand here all day? You're blocking the door, dear." She physically pulled her husband away from the Dervish and Bangs' door next to which they had Apparated.

"You can bet Arthur's bollocks I'm going to yell at him," Mr. Potter grunted.

"Lionel, really. Language. What's done is done. Boys do silly things for love."

"Silly? Silly, Bess? Silly is trying to sneak into the ladies' dormitory."

"That's not silly! It was entirely essential." James spoke before thinking and shrunk from the glares of his parents.

Bestla Potter shrugged and continued as they drifted down the lane and towards the castle following James. "The point is, it's done, and it worked. You can neither yell at him for being in love, nor for being a brilliant wizard. So what do you plan to yell at him for?"

"For thinking he's in love and for thinking he's a brilliant wizard when either might not be true!"

"Well," James said, turning so that he was walking backwards and facing his parents, "don't know if my opinion counts, but if it does, I say he's both." The glare he received from his father made him promptly nod, turn back around, and announce, "Right, shutting it, sorry! Not my business."

"No it is," his mother insisted. "Listen to James, Lionel. No one know Sirius better than James."

"Not true," James raised a hand like he was in class, but didn't turn around or wait before announcing, "I think Remus has got that bit covered. Right, shutting it, sorry." His father had started to growl.

"And Remus is a very polite, sweet boy," Mrs. Potter continued. "Probably an excellent influence on Sirius."

Mr. Potter audibly and visibly deflated, and James resumed walking backwards to observe the end of the conversation between his parents. "Well," Lionel Potter rubbed his forehead, "I guess it's like you said, there's nothing we can do about it now."

"It's nothing to have a fit over," James' mother nodded, taking her husband's arm.

"Couldn't he at least have had a proper ceremony? With a proper officiant?"

"You know that's not legal for boys, dear," Mrs. Potter whispered. Silence fell heavily over them.

"Well, but--" James' dad started, then seemed at a loss for words. "I mean, of course they're going to try idiotic things like performing the spell themselves if it's illegal to get a professional."

"Of course. Exactly." James' mother answered.

"Oh." Mr. Potter seemed to deflate even more, if it were possible. "Yeah, I-- But he could have invited us."

"I wasn't even invited," James piped in. "You have to admit that if any of us had been invited, we would have tried to stop them, anyway."

"Yeah, guess that is true," Mr. Potter nodded, looking up in time to notice he was passing The Three Broomsticks.

"Hey wait," James called. "That wanker said he was going to be in the castle!"

"James, language."

"Sorry, mum. Just spotted Sirius in the Broomsticks. Want me to go in and drag him out?"

"Would you--"

"Don't," Mr. Potter interrupted. "Is Remus with him?"

"Well, yeah. They're practically joined at the, um..." Realizing his words were hardly figurative and on a sensitive subject, James stopped cold.

"Let's go in and raise a toast, eh? Then we can take this back to the castle for all the serious-- err, important-- talk."

James laughed at his dad's corrected diction. "Alright then, let's do!"