Zack struggled valiantly to look attentive.

"…recognize that the land we develop is valuable, unique, and irreplaceable..."

~man, Reeve can talk~

"… one piece of the larger environment, we should respect the greater structure…"

He looked over at Sephiroth. He was sitting stiffly in his chair and looking at Reeve as if he was interested in what he was saying. He highly doubted that Sephiroth cared.

"…shall support the private enterprise system, providing the widest latitude of equality for opportunity, creativity and innovation…"

Zack was pretty sure the only reason he was here was because Sephiroth didn't want to suffer this horrible speech alone.

"…change is inevitable, and we must strive to take a role in innovation in the industry and strive for enhanced practices…"

He looked over at Tseng who did seem to have a mild interest in Reeve's words, but noticed that the seat next to him was empty.

"…preventing development from approval for key building permits, putting many new projects in limbo and costing…"

Where was Reno? He heard something about him being sick as an excuse at the beginning of the meeting. He doubted the redhead was really sick – hungover, maybe, but not sick. He knew what this meeting was going to be painful and he had somehow managed to convince Tseng that he was too ill to attend.

~wish I thought of that~

"…held responsible for our results and effectiveness toward the development of sustainable, vibrant communities…"

Zack jumped slightly as his phone vibrated in his pocket. He reached for it, ignoring the glare that that Sephiroth was sending his way. He flipped it open, keeping it low under the table. It was frowned upon to use phones during meetings, but he needed something to perk him up. He saw that it was from the Turk that he was just thinking about.

Do you know how hard it is to masturbate with a runny nose?

He snorted in an attempt to suppress the laughter at the inane comment on his PHS.

~well, I know at least he wasn't faking he was sick~

"Is there a problem, Zackary?" Sephiroth said in a low tone. Everyone in the room was looking at him.

~the damn Turk get's me in trouble, even when he's not here~

Zack clicked his phone shut. "Yeah. There's a – uh- situation, Sir. One of my protégés is sick and has been place in the infirmary. Sorry, gentlemen, but I must leave to check on him."

He ignored the glare from Scarlet, the only woman in the room, and the frown from Sephiroth. He mentally patted himself on the back at how quickly he thought up the fib to cover up his laughter and to get him out of the meeting.

~two birds with one stone. Sweet~

Sephiroth grabbed his own phone, flicking it quickly open and closed. "I see," he said and smoothly stood from his seat. "I believe I will have to escort Zackary to help remedy this situation."

Hojo frowned, "Is this something that I should be concerned with?"

Zack blinked slowly and realized that Reno sexual experimentation was getting him into so much trouble.