The Adventures Of A Young Couple
by IBme1968

Outdoor sex leads to a learning experience.

Just Fishing

I hope I can do this story justice. Sometimes things happen we never expected.

I got pregnant young. We have never regretted that. We planned to marry most of our lives anyway. My mom was just glad to be rid of me. As for me I was just glad to be away from her and her boyfriend. Dan's mom was so freaked out because she was going to be a grandmother she about had a stroke. His grandparents were always the kindest people ever and were very supportive. They were surprisingly in good shape and actually an attractive couple. Dan's granddad looked like a young version of my husband. They both had those blue eyes you could nearly get lost in.

To start our adventure as a married couple we made a down payment on a new 12'x50' mobile home. By today's standards I suppose it wasn't, all that, but it had all our furniture and appliances. It was by far better than anywhere I had ever lived and it was ours. Well ok ours and the banks. The payment was $62.19 a month.

We didn't have much money. Dan dropped out of college and worked on his grandparent's farm. I graduated high school "very pregnant but hey, I graduated. We parked our trailer on the farm close to their house so we could share the water well and septic tank. We didn't have a TV or a phone so sex and the farm was our pass time. Most times exploring the farm only meant looking for another place to have sex. Life was great!

We were basically two young people who happened to be married and maybe a little naïve about life, but we were so much in love. We were adults (kinda) but omg the things we did that clearly meant there was still a kid in us. Maybe that was part of what made our life so great!

In our trailer anytime you were in the shower if someone turned the water on anywhere the water got cold for just long enough that you knew. It became a game to try and get a glass of water without the other knowing and dump it over the shower curtain to give a shocking chill".

One day when my husband finally got off work I met him at the door wearing nothing but one of his white sleeveless T shirts which had holes. Just so you know I may or may not have made some of those holes in the shirt a little bigger for effect! It looked like an old worn out short dress that was way big on me. It barely hid my small boobs. Ok so it clearly let him know I wasn't wearing a bra. You know; "my head lights were on!" He of course was impressed and soon his grubby work clothes were on the floor and I was straddling him as he sat on the couch and I had his cock buried inside me. One thing about young husbands is it didn't take long until he had filled me. I was ok with that because I knew there would be another round sooner rather than later!

He was soon in the shower. I have to tell you all that watching his firm naked butt as he walked down the hall made me want a rematch on the couch. I had this plan to finally win the battle of cold water in the shower. I had put a big glass of water in the fridge earlier. A lot earlier! Yup you guess, it was going to be shocking! He was very involved in his clean up and I hoped he was thinking about what we had just done.

Slowly quietly I moved close to the tub. Then I lifted the glass of water over the shower curtain. Just after I dumped the icy cold water over my unsuspecting husband I heard Him gasp for air, then when he could breathe said,"Gawd Dammit!"

I was pretty sure at that moment I might have gone just a little too far with the shower game. Now I was almost certain he would never hurt me. Almost! I knew I deserved whatever he did in retaliation. In a semi panic I ran down the hallway, out the door barefoot and ran the short distance to his grandparents' house.

Grandma was sitting on the couch. Grandpa was in his favorite recliner. I didn't knock just barged in and quickly jumped on the couch next to grandma. "He's going to kill me," I said laughing! I was explaining what I had just done, not the sex part, just the cold water trick when their grandson came in the door.

I was snuggled close to his grandmother when he pulled me off the couch onto the floor. I was on my back he was sitting on top of me. At that moment we were more like a brother and sister wrestling than two "mature" newlyweds. His first words were, "Where in the hell did you get that water?"

Ok so I knew I deserved anything he did to me but seriously, tickle torture was for sure cruel and unnecessary punishment. Ok so I want to remind you all, that I was in his white oversized sleeveless T-shirt, no bra and no panties. Oh and don't forget the holes! I could feel the shirt was nearly around my waist and he was sitting on me with his fingers in my ribs. "OMG please stop or I'm going to pee all over the floor." I said. His grandma was laughing hysterically. For some odd reason his grandfather was very quiet but seemed to be watching the wrestling match intently. That might have had something to do with the fact there was a nearly naked redhead being held down and tickled. I couldn't be sure!

By the time he relented in his attack the shirt was off one shoulder and my bare bottom as well as one boob was on display. Before he let me up I could feel his hard cock through his shorts and then he kissed me long and hard. Just so you know; I wasn't at all sorry about the water over the shower curtain. I had clearly won that game at that point.

Something sad happened not long after that wrestling exhibition. His grandmother passed away very suddenly. As you can imagine his grandfather as well as my husband and I were devastated. We spent several days and nights keeping Grandad company and making sure he was eating. I have to say I was not the best cook but he certainly seemed to appreciate my company. I stayed with him as much as I could while my husband took care of the farm animals.

The house wasn't large by any means but there were two bedrooms but just one bath. The bedrooms were close and that old bed creaked loudly. You can imagine what we were doing to make that noise.

Sharing a bathroom got interesting a few times. One particular time I had just stepped out of the shower when the door opened. I made a mental note to myself that day," Make sure the door is locked." It wasn't that bad. Fortunately I had a towel close enough to grab and hold it in front of my naked self. I am positive he got a good look. Just so you know I have never been the most modest girl next door! Grandpa's eyes bugged a bit as he apologized. I actually think I needed a bigger towel. He was certainly slow to turn and leave the room. I guess that was because he was older.

I smiled and told him, "It's my fault; I should have locked the door."

He smiled a crooked smile just like my husband had done many times then said," I don't mind if you don't lock the door."

That next Sunday my husband and I made love then walked to the river to fish. It was hot that day. I wore a bikini top with a t shirt over it and a pair of really short cutoff jeans. You know the kind, there was a little butt cheek exposed. Back then I was 5'5" 105#. 32b 22 34. I had long red hair, blue eyes and fair skin with a few freckles. I had the beginning of the beginning of a cute little baby bump going on.

The fish weren't biting and I was bored and like every other minute, I was horny! Dan turned to bait his hook. I already had the t shirt off but I took the swimsuit top off and hung it on a tree branch. Then I moved out of sight.

I soon heard,"Hey you lost something!" He found me standing topless by the river pretending to fish. He moved behind me wrapping his arms around me cupping my itty bitty titties. He didn't seem to mind that they were a little sweaty.

Pretty soon the shorts were unfastened and around my feet along with my bikini panties right there on the river bank. It was exciting to be naked in plain sight if anyone was around. My husband kissed my ear as he joked," Maybe you'll make some poor fisherman's day."

I had goose bumps from him toying with my ear but I managed to say, "You only wish someone would see." We both laughed but seriously I think it would have turned him on.

We moved back away from the river. I leaned over putting my hands on an old tree stump. He was behind me freeing his hard cock. He held my hips and gently slid inside. I was so wet he didn't even have to guide it just went in. He started slow but soon was like a Jack hammer. He pulled me back as he pushed deep and came inside me.

When he pulled out I felt our juices running down my legs. I turned going to my knees and cleaned both of us off his cock. I stood to get a kiss.

That's when I saw his grandpa standing 15' away watching the show. I pressed my naked front against Dan. Grandpa moved close. His hand first lifted my hair off my shoulders. Then leaning close he gently touched my face. He was telling me how beautiful I was. How sexy my body was. His hand slowly moved down my shoulder and around my side. He pressed his hand between Dan's chest cupping my breast. I could feel my stiff pink nipple between his fingers as he gently squeezed. My heart was pounding. I could feel my husband's heart pounding just as fast.

To my surprise Dan moved me away turning me around facing the older man. I leaned back against my husband. I could feel his hard cock pressed against my back. I turned my head kissing Dan as Grandpa caressed my breasts. His hands started feeling my baby bump. He seemed to almost be holding the beginning of our baby in his hands. Then down to my red bush. I have never had much hair down there and it's always trimmed. It took my breath as I felt a finger penetrate my sex. Don't get me wrong it was a very nice feeling. It certainly was not something I thought would happen that Sunday.

Dan moved to sit on the same stump. My hands were on his shoulders. Our guest was behind me. I felt his hands press my cheeks apart. I kissed my husband as grandpa explored. I was expecting his cock any minute.

Instead he was on his knees and his face was pressed against my pussy. I could feel his nose pressed against that taboo hole. OMG he was good. (This will make me sound like an idiot but at that point I had never had an orgasm.) I really thought the wonderful sex Dan and I had was all there was. I loved no craved sex with my Dan from the first time we did it.

The combination of my husband's hands playing with my breasts and him kissing me and a man other than my husband giving me oral sex was a feeling I had never experienced. Before long my legs would no longer support me. A wave went over my body. Grandpa didn't let up. Soon it was like one continuous electrical shock. It was wonderful.

When he stood he freed his cock and finished inside me. He didn't feel bigger than my husband, maybe not quite as hard! "I was somewhere between heaven and a heart attack." By the end I was more laying on Dan than standing.

Dan was hard and I turned with my front facing his grandpa leaning back into my Dan and lowered slowing as my husband guided his excited cock into my well used pussy. He had to do most of the work. I had one heck of a messy bottom and I was exhausted. When he finished we gathered my clothes. I used my T-shirt to clean off all that had escaped from my body during sex. I kissed both men. Then we all made the long walk back to the house. I was between those two wonderful men. Each man held my hands as we walked. Nobody said a word all the way back!

