Current location: 
St. Paul, MN 

Current mood: 

jubilant 

Entry tags: 

!fandom: harry potter, chaptered: how strange, character: remus lupin, character: sirius black, length: 2000+ words, pairing: remus/sirius

How Strange, The Form of Fear: Chapter 18 [Harry Potter]
Fandom: Harry Potter
Title: How Strange, The Form of Fear
Chapter: 18: The First of Secret-Keeping
Summary: In school, Remus and Sirius perform a complicated spell to marry their thoughts in a subtle but intricate union. Fluffy beginning, epic-length, angsty ending. It sticks somewhat close to canon throughout.
This Chapter: Pure summertime fluff. Its a short chapter, but shoving it with the beginning of the fall term didn't make much sense, and one tiny event (see title) does have some importance in the greater plot
Characters/Pairings: Remus/Sirius, eventual James/Lily
Rating/Warnings: NC-17
Word Count: 1388

Chapter 18: The First of Secret-Keeping

Everything changed after that full. Mr. Lupin kept his mouth shut. Mrs. Lupin indulged the boys whenever possible, bursting into the backyard with lemonade, or into the parlor with a tray of freshly-baked cookies. She sat to hear some of Sirius' stories: about his family, himself, the Potters. Sirius told many stories about Remus from school, stories that Remus would prefer his parents not know, such as the various ways they'd just barely avoided getting into trouble, prank after prank after prank. If anything, Mrs. Lupin's smiles seemed to grow with the telling of these tales. Remus guessed that the stories made him seem so normal to his mum. The Lupins might be the only parents excited to get called to school for a disciplinary conference with the headmaster.

Sirius and James exchanged owls regularly throughout the summer, and Sirius chattered on to Remus about James' summer fling with a bird named Chelsea, and how he was finally getting some without Sirius around to cramp his style. The two boys found a less muddy pond and swam naked, Remus blushing and hardening at the way Sirius' eyes seemed to return to Remus' groin whenever Remus got out of the water.

"Stop it," Remus laughed, barely half serious.

Sirius chuckled. "I can't help it! That scar pulls your bollocks out like 'look at meee, look at meee!' and I'm supposed to ignore that?'" Remus laughed and thrust into Sirius' face, mocking him by whinging, "Look at me, Sirius, look at me."

He got sucked off on the lake shore for his efforts.

Later that afternoon, tired and tanned, the two boys were slung into bean bags in the corner of Remus' room. A detritus of muggle magazines surrounded them. Sirius had bought the lot of them, with Potter money of course, at the local store. Local was a misnomer; it was eight miles off, but not out of hand for a full day's walk, especially if half of the walk was taken by broom and therefore not a walk at all. They were mostly music magazines, some pop culture, a couple with hot, lean female models that Sirius drooled over.

"I thought you were bent?" Remus laughed.

"Maybe if I had her I wouldn't be." Sirius flicked a finger at one large-eyed lass.

"That's... not a comforting thought to you boyfriend."

"Yeah? My boyfriend can go get bent."

"Um... right." Remus sighed and picked up a nearby magazine with David Bowie on the cover. This, he could drool to. "Did you know Bowie's dad is from Yorkshire?"

"Yeah? Is that this area's claim to fame? 'We've got puddings and Bowie's dad, come visit!'" Sirius laughed and turned his model on the side to hold her up and stare some more. "This bird's got no tits."

"Maybe that's why you find her hot."

"Think it might be that she's holding a muggle guitar."

"Hmm," Remus answered.

Sirius chucked the magazine down and squinted across at Remus. There was a long, tense moment. Remus kept his head down.

Sirius finally cleared his throat to break the silence. "What?"

"Nothing. Just thinking about David Bowie."

"No, no, this isn't about David Bowie or the titless wonder woman over here. You're lying to me."

"Not lying."

"Yes, You--"

"Just, concealing."

"Well, come on, out with it. That's an odd sensation, the secret-keeping."

"Yeah," Remus nodded. "A little nauseating."

Sirius didn't ask when he'd ever kept a secret from Remus. Instead he kicked Remus with his bare foot. "Come on, what is it?"

"Did you know I've got a muggle guitar?"

"You don't."

"Well, and actually, I can play it, too."

"You can't."

"I can."

Sirius' mouth dropped open. "Moony! You. Are. Brilliant! I knew there was some reason I fell in love with you."

Remus smiled shyly and walked on his knees to his closet. Under a few heaps of clothes that no longer fit his lanky frame, Remus found his old hand-me-down acoustic he'd got from his mother's father. He settled back into a beanbag and tuned. Sirius watched him, wide-eyed, and Remus was bemused at being the object of this beautiful, perfect creature's adoration and complete attention.

He strummed, ignoring the fret buzz, and took up an old tune,

There was a man, oooh,
An ocean-going man, oooh.
He left his wife alone in sunny Spain
He sailed the seas, oooh,
Sailed the leaps and lees, oooh,
But when he's lost he knows
He'll not see her again.

Remus looked up to see Sirius smiling cheekily at him. "That the best you can do?" Sirius asked.

"I don't know many songs," Remus shrugged apologetically. He expected this confession would be taken by Sirius as an invitation to caterwaul his arse off, singing or making up dirty lyrics as he could think of them. That would be the very Sirius thing to do.

Instead, Sirius flung his head back and slipped further down into the bean bag. "'S alright, love. You've got a good voice. Sing us something else."

Remus sang another muggle folk song. Then he sang another. He sang until his throat was sore before he sighed and un-slung the guitar from his shoulder. Sirius' peacefulness was contagious. He tilted his face up to Sirius as a question occurred to him. "Why do you love muggle music so much anyway, Sirius? You were raised with wizarding music."

"Maybe that's why," Sirius shrugged. "But no, it's like... wizarding music... We've got that one group, The Cavalcade of Corinne, and a couple of the younger birds like Miranda Aurorus--"

"Ugh. She cannot sing."

"I know, that's what I'm saying. Celestina Warbeck, Miranda Aurorus, Pixie Pet-- they all have the same bottled sound. The young girls may go mad for that, but I'm not stupid and just 'cause Pet can dance doesn't mean her songs are any good. The Cavalcade-- I don't know why all our mates like 'em. I mean, James thinks they're the best thing since bread and butter, but their last three albums have been basically the exact same album. Maybe their first album was good, but they can't seem to do anything new. One-trick ponies, the Cavalcade."

"Lily really likes Miranda Aurorus," Remus added, "though she agrees that they're all rubbish compared to muggle music."

"What do you think?" Sirius asked.

Remus shrugged. "You know I listen to muggle music, but mostly the older stuff, stuff my mum has."

"Stuff like you were just singing," Sirius nodded.

They both sat quietly for a moment before Remus ventured the question. "So really, though, Pads, why do you think muggle music is so much better than wizarding music?"

Sirius shrugged. "Isn't it obvious? 'Cause they don't have magic, of course."

"Why--"

"Look. We wizards sometimes have it all so easy. Muggles can't even clean up from dinner without having to break a sweat. I mean, look at your mum, and how much housework she does that your dad could do with a flick and swish."

"My mum enjoys the housework."

Sirius laughed rudely. "Sure, she says it clears her mind. But have you noticed that she sings to herself when she does it?"

"She's always done--"

"Does your dad sing to himself when he casts spells, Remus?"

"No, that would be--"

"Mental, yeah. Muggles have more need to distract themselves. They have more pain. They have worse medicines. If they break their bones they have to wait weeks for them to heal. Of course they better have damn good music. It's muggle magic. All this nonsense my family says about ruling over muggles to ease them from their burdens... They want to kill muggle magic, and I bet you anything it's because they feel threatened by it. You should see Walburga around Tchaikovsky. If she could hex him into oblivion, she would. He may have been a muggle, but the magic that he did hundreds of years ago will always outlive anything she can do with her life. Muggle magic is like that: it takes all that hard work and doesn't seem like magic at all, but then like any well-built spell, it can last forever."

Remus sat staring at Sirius.

"What?" Sirius blinked.

"Did you know that people think you're shallow and stupid?"

"Can't be true, can it? Would Remus Lupin date someone shallow and stupid?"

"He might," Remus smiled.

"Hey--"

"But not marry."

"No?"

"Most definitely not."