Tracey Exposed
By Katie Smith
John Smith was a bit nervous. Well more than a bit actually. He was waiting outside a smart looking office waiting for his name to be called. He was at the offices of ABC Insurance for an interview, his first interview since leaving college and his mind was racing with thoughts of how bad it could go. He'd always been a shy lad and even walking to the reception and telling the pretty receptionist who he was made him blush. The door suddenly opened and an even prettier girl smiled at him and invited him in. As he followed her he saw she was about 25 years old, 5'5" and beautifully proportioned, she was wearing a smart business suit with a short skirt that showed off her tanned legs above her knees by more than an inch. The suit was tailored to show off her tiny waist and although she had done it up John could see that she was a "big" girl up top! Her shoulder length blonde hair was beautifully cut and brushed and when she smiled at him and told him to take a seat opposite her desk John fell in love immediately! Unfortunately she was precisely the kind of girl John knew he had no chance of ever getting. Despite his best efforts John knew he was no Brad Pitt, 2 stone overweight and with a mop of unruly hair he knew a girl like that would never look at him that way.
He was disappointed her legs were hidden from him as she sat down behind the desk and started the interview. She told him her name was Tracey Chambers and she was head of the department he'd be working for if he got the job. To be honest the interview seemed to flash by he was so taken in with her beauty he hardly heard her questions and before he knew it she seemed to be wrapping the interview up.
"I think you'd be perfect for the job," she said as she smiled at him. "But we do have to put you through a company medical first. "If it's okay with you we'll do it now, it will only take 20 minutes and at least we can get the whole thing done today."
"Oh sure." John said standing up blushing.
He followed her out of the door and as they walked to the elevator she pointed out several doors telling him what was behind them. John was more interested in watching her walking along but he managed to disguise it well. Once in the lift she carried on chatting, "The company is pretty hot on medicals for staff actually, especially as we do health insurance," she giggled. "You won't be to bad though, they're much tougher on us girls, we have to get checked over once a month."
"Why is that?" John asked.
"Don't really know," she shrugged. "Guess they only want fit and healthy girls working for them, they're pretty tough on it though, if you don't get a clean bill of health once a month all kinds of stuff happens right up to getting fired."
John was genuinely shocked and said so.
"Oh its not so bad, you get used to it, just have to make sure you remember when your medicals due. The Doctor is more or less God in that respect, he decides what happens to the girls who miss their medicals, from losing wages, demotion or being fired. So if he doesn't like you and you miss a medical your out the door." she giggled. "Actually I'm pretty sure mine is due any day and I better not miss it. The Doctor's not very happy with me at the moment, I crashed into his car in the car-park!"
Before John could answer the lift door opened and they both got out and walked down a short corridor to a door with Doctor stenciled neatly on it. Tracey knocked on it and opened it slightly before walking in with John following her in. The Doctor was a heavyset man in his fifties and was standing beside a steel cabinet.
"Hi Doctor Jones, this is John Smith, could you do a pre employment check up on him."
The Doctor looked at John for a quick second and then back at Tracey. "No problem, however I notice your medical was due yesterday Tracey."
"Are you sure, I thought it was next week." Tracey replied and John noticed a worried look cross her face.
"No, yesterday, so your overdue young lady!" and John was sure he smiled when he said it.
Tracey was looking less self-assured now and she said, "Well I'm only a day late, can you do me after John."
"It may only be a day Tracey but your still overdue which means your continuing employment is subject to my discretion, so I suggest we do you first rather than second."
Tracey actually looked relieved as it looked like the Doctor was at least going to do her medical and she turned to John and said, "Sorry John but this won't take long, can you wait outside for awhile."
I was just about to leave when the Doctor suddenly stopped me by holding up his hand and saying, "No he can stay, he can help me do it and it will be a good experience for him to see how the company looks after its female staff."
Tracey looked shocked, "But I have to undress! Surely you don't mean he can watch everything."
"I'm sure he won't mind, will you John?"
Although I was extremely excited by the thought of watching Tracey's medical. I was also extremely embarrassed at being put on the spot like that, after all this was my interview and Tracey would be my boss!
The doctor took my embarrassed silence as agreement and he smiled at Tracey and said, "Come on then what's it to be, if I've only got to do one of you it will be John and if I don't do you that means your out the door Tracey."
"But I can't lose this job, I only just took out a company loan to get married and I'll have to pay it all back at once if I get fired." she wailed.
"Look you silly bitch, your medical clearence has expired which means you're out of contract, now either you let me examine you, with John assisting, or your one unemployed pussy!"
John was standing there not believing the way things were turning out, hearing his future boss called an unemployed pussy turned him on and he knew he was starting to get hard at poor Tracey's predicament.
Tracey stared at the floor for a few seconds and then quietly said, "Okay you can do my medical now."
"Good girl," the doctor laughed, "now get those clothes off."
He motioned for me to come over and stand by him. As I did my eyes were focused on Tracey, and to my immense excitement she started to undress. She was looking at the floor the whole time obviously acutely embarrassed but first her blouse came off followed by her skirt until she was standing in front of me and the Doc in just a tiny matching bra and knickers set. She was truly lovely and it got even better as the Doctor laughed and said, "Come on Tracey, don't be shy, show John what his new boss is made of."
I saw Tracey shoot him a dirty glance but she reached behind her back and unclipped her bra before letting it fall off her breasts onto the table. She then pulled her panties down and stepped out of them before picking them up and putting them on the table with the rest of her clothes. She was now completely naked and John was now so excited he'd completely forgotten his embarrassment. John was making no secret of the fact he was eyeing up Tracey who stood still with her head bowed, but with her arms by her sides letting them both have a perfect view of her perfect body. There wasn't an ounce of fat on her and John noticed that even though her breasts were big and heavy they did not show any sign of sagging.
"Not a bad little bitch is she?" the doctor laughed and John joined in.
"Right then Tracey lets ask you the usual questions first."
The Doctor proceeded to spend five minutes asking her questions such as had she taken any drugs in the last month, when was her period due etc. John wasn't interested in the answers but still couldn't believe his future boss was standing 4 feet in front of him stark naked, and not only that she was gorgeous!
"Right lets measure that hot little body of yours." The Doctor said and then turned to John and handed him a tape measure and laughed," You can measure her if you like, tits, waist and hips."
John took the measure with trembling hands and approached the equally trembling Tracey and ran the tape round her back and brought it together around her breasts pulling it snugly against them before reading off 36 inches.
"That can't be right, they were 38 inches last time, give her nipples a tweak, get them standing up." the doc laughed.
"Are you sure that's necessary?" Tracey asked with a pleading look on her face.
"Of course," the doc laughed, " we don't employ girls with shrinking tits."
John reached forward and gingerly took hold of Tracey's nipples rolling them between his fingers. They immediately began to perk up and gaining in confidence John carried on teasing them with his fingers until they were standing hard and proud and when he measure her breasts again he got the required 38 inches. He then measured her waist at 24 inches and finally her hips at 36 inches. While he was measuring her hips his fingers were only an inch above her blonde pussy fur and he couldn't resist running his fingers through it when he dropped the tape.
"Right then Tracey lets get a pee sample from you." The Doctor said and handed her a plastic beaker.
"Here in front of you two?" Tracey asked and when the doctor nodded she exclaimed, "this is so unfair!"
By now John had got over his own embarrassment and was actually enjoying Tracey's. To his own surprise and to Tracey's he snapped, "Just get on with it bitch."
Tracey looked shocked and looked at the doctor for support but instead the doctor laughed and said," "Do as he says, we haven't got all day."
Close to tears now Tracey squatted down and held the beaker between her legs and as John and the Doctor watched she proceeded to pee into the beaker.
"Don't spill any or you'll have to lick it up." The Doctor laughed.
John was starting to revel in Tracey's humiliation and he eagerly asked what was next when Tracey finally stopped peeing.
"Take her temperature I think, that's always fun."
He motioned to Tracey and she obliviously knew what was expected of her because she climbed up on top of the doctor's table until she was kneeling on all fours in front of them, her big heavy breasts hanging beneath her. The doctor took Johns arm and pulled him to a position standing right behind Tracey and laughing the Doctor said, "Isn't that the best sight in the world."
He was looking directly between Tracey's spread legs, her swollen pussy in full view with her gently swinging breasts behind, through her legs.
"Sure is." John laughed and then watched as the Doctor casually placed his hand directly onto Tracey's pussy and causally started rubbing his fingers along her glistening slit.
"Horny little bitch aren't you Tracey." he laughed and Tracey didn't reply as he pulled his fingers away from her sex and John saw the wetness on them and then to his surprise the doc took his hand and placed it where his had been, on top of Tracey's pussy! Tracey couldn't see who's hand was now between her legs and John didn't care if she knew it was his as he rubbed the velvet soft pussy lips, feeling her wetness as he slid his fingers along her lips. He could of stayed in that position all day but after only a few seconds the doctor pulled him away and showed him the long rectal thermometer he was about to push up Tracey's pink little hole.
"This might hurt a little Tracey," he said, staring at her bottom, and then laughed at me, "but who cares."
I watched fascinated as he pushed the tip of the thermometer against Tracey's pink hole and it started going in. She squirmed and whimpered as he pushed it deeper and deeper until six inches of glass was in her bum.
"Let's let her squirm for a while now." the doc laughed and John followed him to the front of the desk and watched as the Doctor casually reached forward and took Tracey's hanging breasts in both hands and started to squeeze them. "I've always thought this one had great tits," he laughed," here have a feel."
John bent forward and replaced the Doctors hands with his own, cupping Tracey's heavy breasts with his hands. "I see what you mean doc, they're great." He laughed as he squeezed them hard. "I'm going to enjoy working for her."
"Talking of which lets see if we can get you a better deal." The doc smiled and John stepped aside as he approached Tracey holding a pair of strong metal tweezers. He suddenly attached the tweezers grip to Tracey's left nipple and causally said to her, "how much have you offered John to work here Tracey?"
She sniffled and then for the first time in quite a few minutes spoke, "The usual starting rate of £12,000 per year."
"Oh I think you can do better than that can't you." he laughed and John saw him squeeze the tweezers tight. Tracey immediately squealed in pain and as the doc carried on increasing the pressure she squawked,
"Okay another thousand a year."
"Is that enough?" the doc looked at John and feeling hornier than he ever had John shook his head and smiled as the doc increased the pressure further on Tracey's nipple.
"Oh no please!" she whimpered and started to sag on to the table but the doc just laughed and carried on squeezing until Tracey cried out she'd give another thousand and then another and finally one more. John was sure the doc was a millimeter away from crushing her nipple completely and Tracey was sobbing loudly but he was now £4,000 a year better off!
"Good girl." the doc laughed as he released the tweezers and then to John, "that's a beer you owe me."
They went back around to Tracey's rear and he pulled the thermometer out of her bum with a popping sound, which made them both laugh. He only gave it a cursory glance and then he slapped her bottom hard and said, "Okay Tracey that's it your done for another month, get yourself dressed and make sure your not late next time."
John watched as the still sobbing Tracey got off the table and hurriedly got dressed. The Doc told John to wait for his own medical and as Tracey was about to leave he told her to make sure she included the new pay raise in John's contract and then he smiled at her and said to her, "Haven't you forgotten something."
She looked crest-fallen for a second and then with her eyes looking at the floor aid to John, "Welcome to ABC Insurance John."
 