All Tied Up

Part 1

By Cincinnatus (Leo_and_Beth@linuxmail.org)

Copyright 2008 All Rights Reserved.

Story Codes MF Oral



       It all started simply enough.  I was sitting on
my couch working on my Psych reading, trying to get it
to stick to the inside of my skull, while waiting for
Emily.  She was working late at Wendy's, and I had
taped Xena for her, since it was on during her work
hours.  When I heard her knock on the door, I glanced
at the clock as I got up to let her in.  11:16 was
more than a couple of minutes earlier than usual; she
must have been in a rush.

       She burst past me as I unlocked the door, and
started talking immediately.

       "You wouldn't believe what that tramp did!" 
Her voice sounded exasperated as she went to drop her
purse on the kitchen table.  I noticed she was still
wearing her uniform, so apparently she hadn't stopped
at home first.

       "Who?"  I usually didn't keep up with her
coworkers.  Not enough that 'tramp' meant anything.

       "Aesha!  Go ahead, guess.  Guess what she did."
 She came back toward me, kicking her shoes off on the
way over, but at least she wasn't talking as loud now.

       "I have no idea, Em.  What's got you so worked
up?"

       "Her boyfriend came over during her lunch
break.  For Sex!"  She kneeled in front of me, and
continued,  "She fucked him in the bathroom.  The one
right next to the kitchen with the thin walls."  She
began removing my shoes.  "Everyone could hear her
squealing and grunting."  I stepped out of one shoe,
as she started on the other.  "Then she came back to
work and did nothing but brag about it.  Agon has such
a nice cock!" she mimicked a sing song voice as she
pulled my other shoe off.  "It's so big," working on
my belt and jeans now, "and thick and it makes me
squeal like a little girl.  And he's so, so, sooo," 
She looked up me, trying her best to look like a
little girl talking about her favorite doll, "...good
at using it!"  She pulled my pants down to my ankles
and started to pull them off my feet.  "And he can
last forever!  But of course I can make him come like
that!"  She snapped her fingers for effect, "Whenever
I want."  Her voice changed back to normal now, "she
actually snapped her fingers like that."  She
concentrated on getting my jeans off without making me
fall down, and then continued as she reached for my
boxers.  "And she made sure to mention that he'll eat
her pussy for hours."  She looked into my eyes as she
pulled my boxers down to reveal my flaccid dick.

       She stopped complaining about Aesha then since
she had engulfed my soft dick with her mouth.  She
moaned on me as I stepped out of my shorts, and then
started to actively suck my rapidly growing erection
while starting to work on her own pants.  She wasn't
in the same rush to get out of hers as she had been to
get into mine.  As my dick grew to full mast, she had
to back some of it out of her mouth.  She got her
pants and panties down to her knees, then paused in
her disrobing to take a hold of the base of my shaft
as she licked it up and down.  Then she held just the
head in her mouth, sucking on it softly as she somehow
removed her pants completely, leaving both of us naked
from the waist down save for socks.  I didn't see how
she did it, since I had closed my eyes and tilted my
head back to enjoy her mouth better.

       I should take a moment now to describe my
relationship with Emily.  We were, to put it simply,
semi-exclusive fuck-buddies.  Fuck buddies meaning
that we were friends-not bosom buddies (no pun
intended)-but friends that enjoyed regular sex.  Not
anything that could be called 'making love', just sex
and fucking.  Semi-exclusive meant that we had an
agreement that we wouldn't sleep around without
letting the other know; we were both clean, she was on
the pill, and we liked un-protected sex.  We had
several agreements about it actually-had it all worked
out.  Either one of us could request, for lack of a
better term, service from the other at any time,
within reason.  The within reason part had never
really been tested.  She didn't have a key to my
apartment, and we had yet to find opportunity to fool
around in her dorm room.  We hung out with each other,
generally, but felt no need to become attached.  I was
a fourth year junior, and she was a sophomore, both at
the same college.  I had found early on that I didn't
have room in my life for both a full-time girlfriend
and school, and she had no desire for a boyfriend. 
But I was as horny as any guy my age generally is, and
she was something of a nymphomaniac.  I mean, she
really liked sex, sometimes almost too much.

       Don't get me wrong, I really didn't mind it at
all.  What 22 year old guy wouldn't like to have a
nice 19 year old blonde come storming into his
apartment, strip his pants off, and suck him to
erection with the intention of fucking him?  Granted,
Emily wasn't the greatest catch on the block.  She was
pretty--in a plain sort of way.  She was thin, too
thin I thought, but it wasn't my place as her
'fuck-friend' to tell her that, I thought.  She was
good in the sack, but not really adventurous.  She
liked different positions, and was flexible enough to
pull off some really good ones.  She was good at
blowjobs, and knew how to work my rod.  She generally
didn't complain (too much) if I came first and
couldn't finish her off.  She really, really liked to
fuck, but to her sex was just an action.  Nothing
really more than insertion and licking and sucking and
squirting and sweating, sticky bodies.  And she had
the things she didn't like.  No jizm on the face or in
her mouth.  No eating her out after sex, even though
she loved a tongue fuck.  Turned completely off by the
thought of anal.  But her ignition point was low, so
apparently, even though she didn't approve what of
Aesha and her Albanian boyfriend had done in the
bathroom, (or rather she didn't like hearing it, and
then hearing about it later) it had gotten her worked
up.  

       So back to the story at hand.  After several
minutes of sucking to make sure I was good and hard,
Emily stood up and started to guide me by the dick
towards the kitchen table.  She pulled a chair out,
and gripping the back of it, stepped her feet out a
little past shoulder width.  She bent over slightly
and rotated her hips down so that her fat pussy lips
peeked out from between her slim thighs.

       "Gimmie," she said softly.  But her need wasn't
soft, and I could hear that in her voice.  We knew
each other well enough sexually that I could tell what
she meant.

       I stepped up behind her, and started to guide
my cockhead between her lips.  She was about three
inches taller than me, so the geometry of the position
was no problem.  It'd been a few days since she
shaved, and her labia were stubbly, but the inside was
smooth, hot, and soaked as I slid in.  As my cock
pushed her open, she sighed and pushed back against
me, so in one smooth motion, I was buried in her
depths, her small ass pushed against my pelvis.

       I started to fuck her with long, controlled
strokes.  There had been no real foreplay, just enough
to get me hard, so I was settling in for a long, slow
screw.  Her hands creaked against the wood of the
chair as she started to grind her hips in time to my
thrusts.

       "Oh Jacob, this is really what I needed."

       I didn't speak back, just slipped my hands
under her Wendy's polo to grab her hip bones as I
quickly settled into a rhythm.  Our bodies made
slapping sounds where our bodies came together again
and again; the smell of Emily's sex filled the
apartment.

       "You make me so wet.  It's running down my
legs.  I love that."

       She was the talker; I was the grunt 'n groaner.
 I was starting to really get into it at this point. 
Who wouldn't?  I just groaned in return.  Her depths
were hot and tight and slick, all at the same time,
and clutched at my erection as I slid in and out.

       As we slowly picked up speed, she glanced back
over her shoulder; her short blonde pixie cut hair
sticking to the sides of her face.

       "Fuck me," she said, again in that soft voice
full of hard need.  "Fuck me long and hard."

       I groaned back, and started to thrust against
her butt harder, pulling her hips against me each
time.  She started to make little "Ah" sounds each
time our bodies came together.  My apartment filled
with the sounds of sex.

       We went on for several moments like that, her
cries getting louder and starting to run together as
she climbed toward climax.  I felt her pussy clamp
down on my pistoning dick as the orgasm rolled over
her body.  I kept going, never missing a beat as she
came down from her peak and started having
aftershocks.

       She spoke as she came back to her senses, "Oh
god, she doesn't know what it means to really be
fucked."  Again she looked back at me.  "You getting
close, Jay?" she asked, her voice sweat and innocent,
not really matching the position she was in.

       I gave a quick nod.  "Getting there," I
grunted.  I was probably closer than I thought; I
could feel sweat running down the inside of my t-shirt
and down the backs of my legs.  I looked down to where
we were joined.  My pubic hair was matted with
moisture, and my dick was shiny and slick as I moved
it in and out of her, making wet, sloppy sounds.

       "I wanna watch you come," she announced
quietly, and pulled her body forward and off my cock
without any other warning.  Before I could really
protest, she pushed the chair out of the way, slid her
purse off the table, and turned to face me as she sat
on the table.  She spread her legs wide, the small
patch of brown thatch glistening, her inner thighs
slick with her juice, just like she said.

       "C'mon," she said, reaching for me.  "Come in
me, I wanna feel you shoot."

       I stepped forward and slid back into her in one
motion, and immediately my hips started to thrust
again of their own accord.  Emily leaned back and
grabbed the backs of her knees, pulling her legs up
and out, so the only parts of our bodies that touched
were our pubic areas, and my cock buried in her.

       "Come, Jay," she said, watching my face
intently.  You could hear how she said the word 'come'
spelled 'cum' in her mind as she said it, her mouth
forming over the 'u'.  "Fuck me 'til you come."  She
paused for a couple of thrusts.  "Come inside me." 
Another pause, this one slightly longer.  "Don't you
want to shoot inside me?"  She continued to give me
little verbal prods as I felt myself approaching the
edge.  Her voice grew husky and urgent as her own body
grew tense.  She was anticipating my release, fueling
the climb toward her second orgasm.  "Fill my pussy." 
I could feel moisture soaking my balls.  "Come for
me."  I watched my cock sliding in and out of her
distended pussy lips.  "My pussy wants your juice." 

       I could only groan in response each time she
spoke.  Her pussy was sopping wet, and devoid of
friction.  My engorged cock slid in and out
effortlessly, my climax approaching quickly.  As it
started to take hold, I felt the familiar twinge in my
balls and the base of my cock.  My groans started to
run together into one long moan, and I grabbed hold of
her hips, pulling her against me hard with each
thrust.

       Emily shouted "Yes!" repeatedly in time with my
thrusts, until I finally came to my release and buried
my cock deep inside her.  My jerking and spurting
member sent her over the edge to her second orgasm.

       As we came down from our combined climaxes, she
wrapped her legs around my flanks, holding my hips
against her, as my erection started to soften inside
her.  She rubbed her breasts through her clothes as
she ground her hips against me, moaning.

       "Jay, I don't know what I would do without you.
 Your cock is so much better than my fingers."

       I simply moaned in return, and smiled at her. 
She smiled back, as she squeezed me with her pussy. 
After a moment, I took a deep breath, and pulled away
from her, the cold air a shock to my soft dick after
the heat inside her body.  She sat up as I walked
toward the refrigerator.  I grabbed a Dr. Pepper from
inside, as she spoke again.

       "I need a cigarette," she said as she got off
the table.

       "This'll do for me." I replied indicating the
drink, as she grabbed my boxers off the floor.  "What
am I going to wear?" I asked her as she started to
slip them on.

       She just shrugged and gave me a
'not-my-problem' look as she fished her cigarettes and
lighter from her purse.  After she had gotten them
out, she said over her shoulder: "See you in a
moment," as she walked toward the porch.

       I sighed and walked toward the couch, still
naked from the waist down.  I could see her through
the sliding glass door to my token porch, wearing her
polo and my boxers. She was sitting facing in as she
lit her cigarette, one leg out at an angle, the other
foot tucked under, so I could see where her pussy was
soaking the crotch of my boxers.  That wasn't the
first time that had happened.

       The rest of the night was uneventful, really. 
After she came back in, I took a shower, and then made
some spaghetti as she took hers.  She didn't take
long; showering at my place seemed to her too much
like a real relationship, but between smelling of fast
food and smelling of sex--or both--sometimes she made
do, if quickly.  She did keep some clothes and
supplies at my place.  It was easier that way.

       Once we sat down to watch Xena, it was close to
12:30.  I went back to reading my psych, since
watching Callisto and Xena do a freaky-Friday was well
enough the first time around.  So I read psychology,
and she watched Xena.

       -(((-

       That brings us to when it really started.  I
was sitting on one end of my couch, freshly showered
and wearing just a pair of sweat pants, once again
attempting to shoe horn my studies into my skull. 
Emily was taking up the rest of the couch, also
freshly showered, wearing just boxers (a fresh pair,
one of hers) and a belly shirt.  I was resting my text
book on her ankles, and getting about to the limit of
what I could read in one night without damaging my
psyche.

       It was just past 2 am, and since the end of
Xena, Emily had been channel surfing.  Just as I
turned my attention from my reading, she landed on
CNN.

       "If I have to hear one more time about those
two planes, I'm going to scream," she complained.

       "What?" I asked.

       "You know, this morning, a 747 and some other
plane, I-L something, crashed in India.  They haven't
talked about anything else all day."  She had already
changed channels

       "That just happened today Em.  Give it a few
days."

       She was still flipping.  I was about to tell
her to go back to MTV to see if Beavis and Butthead
was on, when she landed on some channel with a
soft-core on it.

       "Oh, Hello," was all she said.  I didn't even
notice what channel it was, but it was damned
interesting.

       Normally Emily and I weren't ones to watch
porn-alone or together.  But this one seemed to catch
her interest.  It showed a naked woman, with her hands
tied together and pulled into in the air, and a man
with his face buried between her legs.  One of those
he could be eating her out, but he might just be
shaking his head type of shots.  Another woman was
pulling on the rope that had the first tied up,
stretching her into the air.  The camera showed how
her feet were shackled to the ground, before going
back to the man's head, then the second woman, then
the first woman's face, then her oversized breasts,
and so on.

       We had surfed through quite a bit of soft-core
in our time, and usually didn't give it a second
thought.  But this one had us enthralled.  At least
Emily seemed to want to watch it, and she had the
controller.  I glanced back and forth between my
reading and the show.  There wasn't that much more to
the scene.  The second woman got fucked by the guy,
while the first watched and squirmed.  Then the second
took the first into a kneeling position, still tied,
where she performed oral on the guy.  Finally the
first woman, still tied, got bent over a bench, and
taken from behind.

       After it was over, I closed my book, and
announced to Emily that I had had enough psych for one
night, and was ready to go to bed.  She responded by
turning off the TV, and asking me, out of the blue:
"Have you ever tied anyone up?"

       I looked at her a moment, before answering. 
"No."

       "Never? Not once?"

       "Nope, never."

       "Ever been tied up?"

       I started to get up.  "Nope.  You staying the
night?"

       "I think so."

       "'kay." I paused a moment, then asked her:
"Have you ever been tied up?"

       "Uhn-Uh"

       "Tied anyone else up?"

       She shook her head.   She was sitting with her
knees pulled up against her chest.

       "Why'd you ask me?"

       "'cause of the show, dummy.  Why'd you ask me?"

       "Because you asked me first.  I'm going to
bed."

       "Okay, I'm coming too."  As she stood up, she
grabbed a hold of my soft dick through my pants.  "I
wanna spoon."

       I smiled at the thought.  "I think that can be
arranged."  Emily smiled back, and then bounced into
the bedroom ahead of me.

       I followed her in, and soon we were both naked
and in the bed.  She was lying on her side, with me
behind her.  I had reached around and was caressing
her small breasts, while she was fingering herself and
rubbing her ass against my hardening cock.  We lay
like this for a while, enjoying the feel of each
other's skin, when she spoke.

       "Have you ever thought of tying someone up?"
she asked.

       I took a while to answer.  "Well, not
specifically."

       "What do you mean?"  She reached up and moved
my hand to her other breast.

       "Well, I haven't really thought of tying anyone
up..."  I trailed off, and I moved my hips down so my
now hard cock could slip between her legs.

       "But?"  She moved her hand from her pussy to my
cock head, and pressed the shaft between her slippery
folds, so as I rocked my hips, the tip of my erection
would rock over her clit.  Doing so brought an
enormous sigh from Emily, and she mashed my hand
against her breast.

       "I've had this, kinda fantasy that involves
tying someone up."  I explained.

       "Really?" she said back.  With one motion of
her hand, she pushed my cock into her entrance, so the
next time I rocked my hips, I slipped deep into her. 
She rocked her hips against me a few times, as we
slowly fucked.  "Tell me about it."

       "But if I tell you about it," I said back
moving my hand away from her breast so I could hold
her hip.  "I can't have it with you...it kinda
involves a surprise."

       "Who says we're going to do it."

       "No one, I was just keeping my options open."

       "Fair enough."  We rocked slowly for a while. 
"Can you give me hints."

       "Um, It involves a guy and two girls.  One girl
is tied up."

       "Oh, a threesome," she giggled, reaching down
to brush my balls and cock shaft as I slipped in and
out of her.  Neither of us had had a threesome, and
never talked about it before; I didn't think she would
be open to one.

       "Not really." I said back.  We startied to pick
up a little speed, but not much.  Our spooning never
really got hot and heavy, and sometimes could go on
for a long time.  We just enjoyed each other's bodies.

       "Okay, anything else?"

       "Um, no, not without spoiling it."

       "Right."  She sighed, holding her fingers
against the spot where I entered her.

       We continued to slowly fuck, her juices
eventually flowing out to soak us and sheets below us.
 It was late-actually early in the morning, so I
didn't hold back, and allowed myself to release not
too long after that.  Emily moaned in pleasure as I
filled her with come, holding my balls against her.  I
continued to slowly fuck her after that; eventually we
started to doze off.  Soon I fell into full sleep,
still softly thrusting a half hard cock into my softly
snoring bedmate.

       -(((-

       Emily brought it up again the next morning over
eggs.

       "So this fantasy, you would do it with me?"

       I looked at her a moment.  Apparently she was
interested.  She had never really been one for trying
anything really out of the ordinary when it came to
sex.  Just caressing and fingering, sucking cock,
getting her pussy licked, and fucking-'normal' sex. 
This was new.

       "Well?"  

       Apparently I had a dumb look on my face.  "Um,
yeah.  I suppose."

       "With me being the one tied up."

       "You would also be blindfolded at the start." 
That was actually part of the fantasy, but I hadn't
mentioned it last night.

       "Huh," she sat and thought about that for a
moment, playing with her food.  "And the second woman,
would you fuck her?"

       "Maybe.  Part of the surprise"

       "Right," she gave another pause.  "Do you have
anyone in mind?"

       "No."

       "Not thinking of anyone as a possibility?  None
at all." she quipped, a smirk on her face.

       I was going to say no, but just as she said it,
my mind pulled out a list, and started to order it by
suitability.

       She saw the look on my face.  "Thought so." 
She took a bite of egg, and then continued.  "So can
you come up with the third party?  You have to make
sure she's good in bed."  She winked at me.

       "You really want to do this?"

       "Yeah."

       "You trust me to tie you up, blindfold you, and
involve another woman?"

       She had to think a moment on that one.  "Yes,
Yes I do trust you."

       "Okay, I'll see what I can do."

       "'kay"

       

