The Nudist At The Park
by Retsunn

A girl starts observing a horny nudist girl at the park.

Moving to a new town sucks. Losing contact with your closest friends, and leaving behind all the places that you'd fallen in love with over the years? Not fun. Sure, some may see the chance to start all over as a blessing, but to me, it was just depressing. Especially because the place we were moving to was a lame, nondescript little town called Pastoral.

"There's actually not a single interesting thing to do here." I said as I continued scouring the official Pastoral website on my phone. "It's like the town's tourism department didn't even try to make it look mildly cool."

My mom gave an exasperated sigh as she finished hanging our new living room's curtains. "Good Lord, Tessa. Should I have turned down that promotion, then? Is that what you wanted?" She said, probably rightfully tired of my constant complaining.

"What? No, I'm happy for you, mom. I just think the town's kind of... err, boring."

"Are you basing that opinion exclusively off of the town's website? Aren't those always outdated? You should actually explore the town before coming to a conclusion, dear."

"I really doubt I'll find anything interesting." I said, mostly sulking.

"Well, there's only one way to find out. It's not like you have anything better to do, right?" After some hesitation, I listlessly stood up and put on my shoes. She did have a point. Even if there was nothing but disappointment out there, it was still better than just sitting around at home.

I soon exited the house, not really knowing where to go. This town was completely foreign to me, so all I could do was wander around, hoping to eventually stumble into something interesting. So wander I did. I walked through town for a while, passing by various storefronts and restaurants -- none of them really catching my eye. Back at home, we had a lot of creeks, parks, and trails; those were my favorite hangout spots. Pastoral, however, seemed to be a bit allergic to nature.

But just when I was about to give up and turn back around, I miraculously found myself at the entrance to a beautiful park connecting two parts of town. I hadn't seen any mention of it on the official website, which probably meant that the site was indeed very outdated, like mom had guessed. It was a shame, because this was easily the nicest place in town by far. A true hidden gem.

Entering the park, I strolled around under the shade of the trees, enjoying the afternoon ambience. Eventually, I settled down on a nice-looking wooden bench under a White Oak tree, and watched passersby, dog walkers, and cyclists go on about their day. Slowly, my mind began to drift away, becoming one with my surroundings. But then, I saw her walk by.

A busty girl with short, shoulder-length dark hair --likely around my age, if not slightly older-- sat on the bench directly in front of me, about 20 feet away. Cross-legged, she calmly observed the passersby as she ate an ice cream cone. Some of it dripped over her chest, but this didn't seem to bother her at all. Probably because she wasn't wearing a shirt. Or pants. Or underwear. She was just sitting there, completely butt naked.

Wait, what?

I blinked twice. I couldn't believe my eyes weren't deceiving me. This gorgeous girl was casually eating ice cream in the nude at a public park! And when I say naked, I mean that she wasn't even wearing shoes or any other accessories. She was naked as the day she was born.

When she noticed the drops of ice cream on herself, the girl lifted one of her large breasts with her free hand, and just licked them off. Right in the open. Holy. Crap. And the craziest thing about it? Not a single person seemed to be bothered by any of this! A group of students and a dog walker passed by, barely paying attention to her. How was that possible? Was this some kind of practical joke the locals played on newcomers?

The girl soon finished her ice cream, and after licking some remaining drops from her fingers, just laid back and spread her legs over the bench, totally okay with this incredibly revealing pose. It felt wrong, but I couldn't help but stare at her pussy. She had a cute landing strip, and her lips were very flushed, with some signs of wetness. By now, I was very, very wet. The contrast between our demeanors couldn't have been bigger: she was calm and confident, and I was awkwardly losing my mind.

But the girl wasn't done yet. After a minute or so of sitting in this revealing position --time during which I noticed her getting visibly wetter-- she moved one of her hands towards her pussy, and started viciously rubbing her clitoris, while using the other one to massage her nipples. Yes, she was actually masturbating in front of everyone!

By that point, I'd stopped trying to hide my interest. I was too busy watching this cute girl masturbate herself silly in the middle of the park to care about anything else. Dozens of people walked by, clearly noticing her, but acting as if this was the most normal thing ever! It was the hottest thing I'd ever seen.

Her masturbation only got more frantic as time passed, moving from a simple clitoris massage to full-blown finger-fucking. After 45 minutes of edging (yes, I checked), she finally came, violently squirting all over the bench and moaning as her juices hit the wooden surface. Plenty of people saw this all happen right in front of their eyes. Yet nobody said a single word.

I didn't, either. I just shamelessly watched it all happen while squeezing my thighs together. She took a moment to catch her breath, her breasts heaving up and down in the aftermath of her intense masturbation session. Then, with her pussy still dripping, she simply stood up and walked away with a confident stride, her beautiful ass jiggling with every step. I was never going to forget that sight; not even my wet dreams were this hot.

Back at home, my mom was eager to know if my opinion of the town had changed in any way. "So, how was it, Tessa?" she asked. "Find anything cool?"

"It was okay, surprisingly. I discovered a really nice park a few miles away." I replied, still a bit dazed. "Great view."

I chose not to tell her about the naked girl I'd enthusiastically watched masturbate for almost an hour. That felt like a detail I'd rather keep to myself for now, as it probably said more about me than her.

"See? I knew it!" My mom said, pleased that she'd been right. "Are you gonna continue exploring?"

"Yeah, totally. I bet there's more cool stuff to see." I said, really hoping that I would see the girl again, but knowing that this was likely nothing more than a strange, one-time occurrence that I'd remember for a long time. An odd welcoming gift.

Still, that night, I was restless. I couldn't get the naked girl out of my mind, and no matter how many times I masturbated, as soon as the thought of her came back, my heart started racing again. Strangely enough, as much as I liked replaying the mental image of her big breasts, fat ass, and glistening pussy, the main thing on my mind was easily her demeanor. The way she made being naked in public seem like the most natural thing. How she gave herself sexual release, not caring at all about people seeing her. How cool was that?

I wondered what it'd feel like to be in her shoes (well, she didn't wear any, but you get what I mean), strolling naked through town in the middle of the day. If it were me, I'd probably run away and move to another country. But... if I had that kind of confidence, would I willingly do something like that? In all likelihood, I'd never know. Nevertheless, it was quite fascinating --and very arousing-- to know that there was someone like her out there.

The next day, I woke up in an unusually good mood. To take advantage of it, I chose to follow the same routine as before: I went out early, and walked around town for a while, getting to know it better. Looking at it with a positive mindset, I actually found Pastoral to have a lot of charm, even if it wasn't spectacular. In a way, the averageness of the town helped it feel familiar and inviting.

Just like last time, I made my way to the park at around 2:00, enjoying a stroll before sitting on the same bench as yesterday. Looking at the empty bench in front of me filled me with a strange buzz, as I vividly pictured that naked girl happily fucking herself. This kind of feeling typically only came to me in the privacy of my own bedroom, when looking at porn or fantasizing, but never in public-- until now. I got wet pretty quickly, and while I was able to stay calm and composed, it still made me feel very perverted.

As I continued replaying yesterday's events in my head, I saw a familiar figure approach. I thought I'd finally lost my mind, but there was no mistaking it: the dark-haired girl from yesterday was walking towards the bench; just as confident as before, and just as naked, too. This wasn't a hallucination-- she was actually back!

This time, she wasn't carrying any snacks with her, so after sitting down on the bench, she wasted no time in getting down to business. With her legs spread and ready, she began to massage her clitoris with one hand while fingering herself with the other. Every so often, she would play with her tits, but generally gave most attention to her wet, swollen pussy. Yet again, I couldn't take my eyes off of her, and I actually found myself getting hornier than last time. Maybe it was because I wasn't overthinking her nudity and behavior any longer, and just simply appreciating it for the beautiful act that it was.

The park was busier today, too, with even more people walking around, exercising, or hanging out. But once again, there was not a single complaint, or even a single look of disdain thrown at her. She might as well have been knitting, or playing a guitar. In fact, I bet she'd have gotten a worse reaction from doing the latter.

All in all, the naked girl edged herself for an entire hour and 10 minutes --25 more than yesterday -- before finally allowing herself to orgasm. Continuing her tradition, she completely sprayed the bench with her sex juices, gyrating her hips as if trying to cover it as much as she could. It was such an erotic sight, and it nearly made me cum as well.

After basking in the afterglow of her orgasm, she stood up and walked away, just like yesterday. And as I sat there, observing her amazing ass, I had only one question on my mind: where was she going? It wasn't like she'd dematerialize after stepping outside of the park, like a character in an old videogame. Did she always go out in the nude like that? Was this something she only did in this specific place? There was only one way to find out.

I slowly stood up, very conscious of the wetness between my thighs, and started walking in her general direction. A part of me was aware that this was a bit of a stalker move, but my curiosity had totally gotten the better of me.

So, what did I learn? What was this girl's day like? As anticlimactic as this may sound... it seemed to be the same as any other regular person's. She wandered through town, only drawing a few gazes here and there, and had a small conversation with an old lady while passing by a flower shop. She even respected the crosswalk markings in a spot where jaywalking seemed like the more popular, easier solution. So yes, it was just a normal routine, except she did it all while fully naked!

Following a surprisingly long walk, the girl entered a small street-corner coffee shop, and not wanting to look extra weird by staring at her through the window, I followed her inside. The place was sort of cramped in a homey way, and most of the seats were occupied. And as I was now starting to get used to, none of the patrons seemed to mind the girl's state of total undress. A boy even greeted her politely, as if they knew each other. I mean, maybe they did; who knows.

I stood in line behind the girl, doing my best not to stare at her bare butt too much while she ordered her coffee. I heard her chatting with the lady behind the counter-- her nudity not being brought up once. Was she a regular? A regularly naked regular?

She received her coffee shortly after, and exited out into the street. Welp, it was now my turn to order, and I couldn't leave without looking suspicious. Accepting the fact that I was going to lose track of the girl for today, I decided to stay at the cafe. A donut and iced coffee wouldn't hurt.

While awaiting my order, I began making small talk with the cashier, unable to resist addressing the elephant in the room. "Umm... so, that girl from a few minutes ago. Do you know why she was...?"

"Naked?" The lady replied, a bit amused. "I take it you're not from around here?" I nodded. "I actually just moved to Pastoral a few days ago."

"Oh, that explains it, then. Most of us are familiar with Zoe. She's the youngest daughter of the Farrows. They're a nudist family."

"Nudist family?...She's not the only one doing this?"

"Mhm. They've all chosen to live fully naked at all times. I'm pretty sure none of them has worn any clothing for the last few years."

Naked at all times?! Those words gave me goosebumps.

"So... they're always naked, no matter where they go? And everyone is fine with that?" I asked, trying to understand this correctly.

"Why wouldn't we be?" She asked.

Why wouldn't you be? The answer seemed obvious to me: because in this society, we were expected to wear clothes out in public. But then I thought... Why were we expected to wear clothes? If nobody minded, why couldn't someone choose to be naked?

"I... I don't know. You just don't see that very often." I answered, a bit stumped.

She seemed to pick up on my confusion. "The Farrows have done a lot for our town. They're kind, hard-working folks. Even if the lifestyle they've chosen is a bit unconventional, it's not our place to judge their preferred way of living."

I leaned in and whispered. "But what about things like... Zoe's public masturbation?"

"Listen, we're all about respecting each other's individual choices. If you want to be part of Pastoral, I recommend that you leave your outside prejudices behind, and approach everything with an open mind. What Zoe does harms no one. Let her be." She said firmly.

"I... I will. Thank you for clearing it up." I couldn't argue against that. And even if I could, I didn't want to. It made total sense to me.

"No problem." The lady said as she handed me my order. "I hope you adapt well."

I had a lot to think about. The lady had confirmed what I'd been suspecting: Pastoral had collectively decided that public nudity and sexual displays were acceptable, as long as nobody got harmed. When I first learned about this town, I'd assumed that it was going to be the typical, old fashioned American town, but as it turns out, it was more special than I gave it credit for. In reality, Hillmore might've just been one of the most tolerant places in this country. And since I was going to live here, I had to thoroughly internalize that.

Over the next few weeks, I kept visiting the park on a daily basis. It became part of my routine to head there immediately after school, and every single time, Zoe would show up as well, naked, happy, and horny. Without fail, she'd sit on the same bench, sometimes eat or drink something, and then begin her masturbation session. Naturally, I was always an eager observer, and actually found that watching this nudist girl pleasure herself was just as engaging the seventh time as it was the first. Her average edging time was around 50 minutes, and her longest was a whopping total of 1 hour and 22 minutes. Getting to witness someone's unabashed arousal in public like this... that was Pastoral's true wonder!

Zoe began to take notice of me, too. We never acknowledged each other verbally, but would usually exchange a quick nod as she sat down, or stood up to leave. It felt like greeting that one person you ride the bus with everyday. Well, except they are naked and you enjoy watching them masturbate.

All joking aside, she did seem to be perfectly okay with me observing her, even if we never had an actual conversation. I did want to get to know her, but couldn't figure out how to approach her, or what to even talk about. 'Hey, I like the way you finger yourself!' wasn't quite going to cut it.

But things changed on a particularly fine Saturday evening, when my own arousal reached critical mass. Zoe had come into the park visibly hornier than usual, her pussy already dripping before she'd even started to touch herself. She sat on that bench, and began furiously finger-fucking herself as if her life depended on it. This was her most passionate session yet, and it had only just begun. It kind of broke me.

A few weeks ago, I'd thought it was crazy that someone would willingly go around naked everywhere at all times, and even wilder that they would also be so openly sexual in public spaces. But Zoe had cast a spell on me. She'd made it all look so incredibly fun and sexy-- like this was the way things should be. So while I was squirming on the bench with my panties soaked, totally dying to touch myself, she was just unapologetically relieving her sexual urges in front of everyone. And why shouldn't she? Pastoral was okay with it, after all. It made me wonder why nobody else had taken that bold step and joined her. It wasn't like anybody would judge them for it.

...And that was when it hit me.

Nobody would judge you for it.

I glanced at my crotch, aching underneath my jeans, and at all the people walking by, going on about their day. Then I looked at the naked girl writhing in pleasure 20 feet away from me, and made my decision. Taking a deep breath, I grabbed the hem of my shirt and removed it in one fell swoop, leaving me in my bra. I couldn't let myself lose momentum, so I also quickly discarded my shoes and socks, and then proceeded to unzip my jeans. I lifted my butt up a little and pulled them down, stepping out of them after some awkward leg wriggling. And so, there I was, sitting on the bench in just my underwear! The sensation was driving me insane-- I couldn't believe I was actually doing this. But I was too horny to stop.

With my heart practically jumping out of my chest, I unclipped my bra, and allowed it to fall to the side, revealing my tits to everyone around me. My nipples stiffened as the gentle breeze caressed them, almost as if to let me know that I'd made the right decision. Finally, I grabbed the waistband of my damp panties and practically ripped them off, throwing them on the bench. Against all odds, I'd actually done it! I was now completely naked in the middle of the park!

It took me a moment to adapt to all the new sensations I was feeling: the breeze, the lightness, my bare feet on the ground, the cold wood against my butt-- it was all new to me... and I was loving it! Trembling with excitement, I slowly spread my legs, giving every passerby an unobstructed look at my tender vagina. Many were starting to stare at me, but nobody was stopping me. Nobody was angry at me. Yes, I was sitting there in the nude, with my dripping pussy in full view, and it was completely fine!

Unable to resist any longer, I inserted two fingers into myself and began fucking myself like there was no tomorrow. After only a few seconds, all the nervousness had left my body, allowing me to be fully consumed by raw pleasure. Doing this in public was way, way better than in my room!

Zoe, who until now had been lost in her own sex trance, finally opened her eyes and noticed me. Her jaw dropped, surprised to see that I had stripped naked and was now masturbating with her. Giving me the most seductive smile ever, she continued fingering herself, stealing glances at me every few seconds. I almost came right then and there-- this was, undoubtedly, the most erotic experience of my life.

But I was enjoying this too much to end it just yet, so I laid back and started pacing myself, watching Zoe do the same. I could tell neither of us wanted to be the first one to cum. We wanted this to last. So we just kept going and going, all while the town went on about their day, very aware of what we were doing.

To give you a clear idea of how long this lasted, at one point I used my free hand to check my phone... and saw that we'd been going for 2 entire hours, completely breaking Zoe's previous record! We were both pros at edging.

Eventually, though, I noticed the typical signs of Zoe's approaching orgasm: she started curling her toes, biting her lip, and greatly accelerating her rhythm. She wasn't going to last much longer. I was in a similar position, doing small breathing exercises to stop myself from orgasming. Soon, Zoe let out a loud moan, wildly shaking her body as she squirted all over herself and her surroundings. It was the most intense orgasm I'd ever seen from her, and it drove me over the edge immediately. I felt the contractions start hitting my body, and allowed them to wash all over me, silently grinning to myself while moaning. This was easily the best orgasm I'd ever had. Sadly, I wasn't a squirter like Zoe (I wonder if it's something you can learn to do?), but still soaked the bench with my grool.

When the contractions finally stopped, I closed my eyes, feeling dizzy from all the adrenaline and pleasure. In my renewed state of clarity, I started to feel self-conscious and hyper-aware of my surroundings. I couldn't believe what I'd done! I had just stripped naked and edged myself in public for over two hours. And countless people had seen me.

But just when I was about to melt into the bench from embarrassment, I heard a feminine voice call to me. "That was really good." She said, panting lightly.

I opened my eyes and saw Zoe standing only a few feet away from me, her face flushed, and inner thighs drenched in her juices. "You somehow beat me at my own game. Impressive!" She smiled. "The name's Zoe, by the way."

"I... I'm Tessa." I answered, blushing like a fool.

"First time doing this?" She asked, noticing my nerves.

I nodded. "...I've really enjoyed watching you, and it got to the point where it made me want to give it a try myself."

"Did you like it?"

"I loved it." I replied without any hesitation.

I could tell that Zoe really liked that answer. "It's so fun, isn't it? There's nothing better than being naked." She said, running her hands over her breasts. "Hey, are you hungry? All that physical activity left me exhausted."

"I'm lightheaded and starving. This day has been way too intense." I said, looking at my trembling legs.

"Well, there's this great ice cream shop a few blocks away. Wanna go?" She asked, staring intently at me.

...No way. Was she asking me out? "I... I could totally go for some ice cream, yes." I said, smiling.

"Great!" Zoe grinned.

I stood up and looked at my clothes on the bench, thinking that it was probably time to get dressed again. But why go back to normal now? Being naked was fun, and it wasn't like anybody would try to stop me. Sure, explaining this to mom was going to be a bit awkward, but this was how I wanted it to be from now on. I was ready to leave behind my old way of life, and start afresh in this little town.

I grabbed my phone and wallet, leaving my clothes and underwear on the bench. I took a deep breath, and looked at Zoe. "Okay, I'm ready now."

"Let's go, then!" she said, visibly pleased that I'd chosen to stay naked.

And so, we walked away, two happily naked girls in a town full of clothed people.

Maybe Pastoral wasn't so bad after all.

