From one way of life to another...Welcome to the club. Part 3 of 5 parts (MM)

The author will be pleased to receive constructive feedback regarding this story. He can be emailed at mr_blue_skies@hotmail.co.uk

Part three

Matthew was right, the next day I felt fine. I had a free day and we'd agreed to meet at the close of the exhibition on the following day to go for a drink at the club. I was waiting for him in the foyer.

We walked to the club and went through the ritual of him signing me in before I was allowed up into the bar. We ascended the stairs and entered the welcome cool of the bar. We hardly paused as Matt ordered two beers from one of the barmen. He headed for the seating area with me following. As he sat down, he made eye contact with a couple of the men sat opposite, the same ones I'd seen on my previous visit. The nodded to him and he nodded back as if in some sort of understood code. Then the realisation dawned on me.

They knew.

I felt somewhat under scrutiny as we started to make polite conversation. I was a little nervous of my new (and quasi public) status; I felt much the same as a new girlfriend being introduced to the family. The men however were good conversationalists and put me at my ease. We talked of nothing in particular although I felt a little like I was being weighed up which made me cautious of not speaking out of turn or saying anything stupid to embarrass myself or Matthew in front of his friends. Then, Matt said something which probably answered their unspoken questions and, at the same time, confirmed my new status.

`We're heading back to the hotel now', he said to our group and stood up ready to leave.

The men watched me with slight amusement as I stood up too, clearly taken by surprise.

`See you again soon', he said and turned to walk away. I dumbly followed.

I went to head for the stairs but Matt had another idea.

`'We'll use the lift' as he turned towards the closed doors and then pressed to call button. It must have been already at the floor as the doors opened immediately. He indicated me to enter and then followed me in. As we turned to face the doors, I saw another guy heading for the doors. Matt surprised me because he had clearly seen him but quickly jabbed the button to close the doors and then the button for the entrance lobby. I looked at him quizzically; his response was to grab me and roughly, and briefly, kiss me hard on the lips.

`Just wanted you on my own', he said by way of explanation, and then, `I'm going to fuck your brains out when we get back'.

I shivered both at the thought and at the way he'd taken charge of me. His demeanour had changed slightly too; there was an authoritarian hint which I hadn't seen before. I was both excited and nervous at the same time.

We exited the lift and walked into the street. Matt turned left and I meekly followed. He set a cracking pace, even in the heat of the evening, as we headed for the hotel. Entering the lobby, we went to the desk to collect our key cards. Once we had them he went for the lifts with me in tow; he reached them before me and pressed the call button just as a couple arrived. The life arrived and we four got in. Matt hit the button for the 29th floor without asking where the other pair were headed. The guy leaned over and pressed the button for the 31st floor; he did it deliberately slowly as if to make a point of Matt's rudeness. A look of annoyance flicked across Matt's face and I wondered what was bugging him. The lift slowed and stopped at our floor and the doors slid open. Matt stepped out first and then me; I turned to thank the other couple but the guy reached and pressed the door closing button in an obvious rebuke for our rudeness. I went to turn right to my room but Matt grabbed my arm and pulled me left.

`We'll go to my room', he said. I went to mention needing to get my washing kit but his look stilled my voice.

`You can fetch it later'.

He virtually marched in the direction of his room, passing the ice making machine and the shoe polishing machine in the corridor just outside his room. He swiped the key card through the lock; it bleeped back at him, as if in annoyance, and the little light glowed red. He paused, took a deep breath and then swiped the lock again, although slower this time; the light changed from red to green. He pushed open the door, pulled me inside and slammed it shut behind us. Once in his room, he relaxed slightly, taking a couple of deep breaths as he did so. He turned to me and looked me directly in the eyes.

`Sorry about that', he said, `I've thought of little else since the last time. I know I can come across as forceful at times but I just couldn't wait to be with you again. Do you mind me being a bit dominant like that'?

I shook my head slightly. `No', I said, `in fact, I found it quite exciting', surprising myself at my response.

Matt moved quickly to take advantage of my declaration.

`Good', he said. `Here's the deal. We're going to get out of these cloths: I'm going to get into a bathrobe, but you are not. You are going to stay naked and get us each a drink while I watch that beautiful arse of yours as you move around.

There wasn't the chance to protest (not that I wanted to, the thought excited me); he turned into the bathroom and I meekly followed. He took off his shirt as we moved and dropped it into the laundry basket in the bathroom. I was a little slower and had the secret thrill of him watching me as I pulled my pants clear of my feet. He looked me up and down and then reached for his bathrobe.

`Drink', he said, `make mine a large one'

I turned and went into the room, conscious of my nakedness and his gaze. He followed me and sat on one of the two sofas facing each other with a low table in between them. I took two glasses off the side and went to the minibar fridge for the drinks. I turned slightly towards Matt as I leant down for the door.

`Wrong', he said, `turn so that I can look at your lovely arse when you bend over'.

I did as he asked (told?), feeling a little apprehensive at what would be such an exposing position. I slowly leant over, keeping my legs straight and slightly apart so as to give him a good view. I could feel my heart pumping with the excitement of exhibiting myself to him in such an unashamed way. I didn't hurry to get the vodka bottle out; I was enjoying this now and knew he would be too. I straightened, closed the fridge door, moved to the side and poured the drinks, all the time conscious of his eyes upon me. I sliced the lemon and tossed the slices into the drinks and then reached for the ice-bucket. It was empty.

I turned to face him. He smiled and looked down at my penis which was getting hard; I hadn't noticed. I was clearly enjoying myself.

`There's no ice', I said as I moved towards him to hand him his glass. He didn't move to take it from me.

`There's plenty of ice', he said.

`Where'?

`In the ice machine in the corridor', he said.

`Ah, yes, I said and put the drinks on the side and, collecting the bucket, moved towards him, my hard penis swaying from side to side as I walked. I stopped in front of him and offered the bucket. As with the drink, he didn't offer to take it.

`You fill it', he said.

I hesitated and he laughed slightly.

`I can't like this', I said, indication my general appearance, complete with erection.

`Oh yes you can, and that is exactly what you are going to do', he said.

I looked at him, wondering quite what to say.

`Do it', he said, with a hard edge to his voice.

In retrospect, I can admit to myself now that a small ripple of thrill ran through me. I have always enjoyed being naked around the house and in the garden when alone. I find the feeling of the air moving around my body as I move quite erotic. I quickly appraised the risk of being seen; it was slight. The ice machine was just outside the door. I'd risk it.

I placed the drinks back on the side, moving slowly as I could feel his eyes upon me. I returned and took the proffered bucket from his hand and then moved towards the door. I opened it a little and peered down the corridor; in the direction I could see, it was devoid of people. Pulling the door open a little more, I quickly checked the direction I'd looked before, it was still clear, and then moved from the doorway so that I could see down the other direction of the corridor. It was mercifully empty.

I took one quick last look and then stepped out into the corridor, ice bucket in hand. The ice machine was the other side of the shoe polisher and, in my somewhat exposed position, felt a very long way away. I scampered to the machine, lifted the lid and plunged the bucket into the ice compartment drawing it back out again in one hurried movement. In my haste, some ice spilt out onto the floor. I didn't bother to try to gather it up. I turned and headed for Matt's door.

I reached it in seconds and gladly slammed it firmly shut behind me. Matthew stood directly in front of me; he'd been waiting at the door

`Two lumps for me', he said, his glass held out in front of him.

I grinned. `You cruel bastard', I said.

He smiled back at me, his eyes narrowing slightly.

`You haven't seen anything yet', he said, with a electrifying hint of menace in his voice.

I shivered, whether in fear or excitement I was unsure. Looking back, it was probably a mixture of both.

He turned and walked back into the room and I followed. I placed the ice bucket on the side and threw in a couple of lumps of ice into my drink. I took a large gulp and relished the burning of the vodka as it coursed down my throat. Matthew raised his glass in a silent toast and took a measured sip. He looked me up and down, pausing at my erection, which I carried without noticing so familiar had the feel of it hanging heavy become. When his gaze came up to look at my face, I looked him fully in the eye. We held the gaze for a few seconds and then he turned away and walked over to the television set and picked up the remote. I must have looked puzzled when he turned around as he grinned at me and then pointed it towards the ceiling. Slowly, the lights in the room dimmed as he held onto the button; he let them get to a point where the lights of Hong Kong appeared brighter and then stopped.

`Let's enjoy the view', he said, moving towards the windows.

I stood a little apart from him, totally unconcerned about my nakedness; my erection had reduced to a full and heavy penis and felt good. I faced the windows, leaning onto the stainless steel safety bar which ran across the windows above the three feet wide strip of black granite floor; the bar felt cold on my bare skin as did the granite floor to my feet. We stood in silence for some time. I was feeling calmer now and confident in my ability to handle this new area of my life. Matthew broke the silence.

`Another drink'?

I hadn't noticed that I'd emptied my glass. I moved to take his from him in my new subservient role.

`I'll get them', he said. I held out my glass.

I studied in turn the view outside and the dim reflection of Matt in the window as he mixed the drinks. I watched his reflection as he walked up behind me and then out of sight as my reflection blotted out his. His left arm entered my peripheral vision as he reached around to give me my glass. I took it in my right hand, thanking him as I did so. After I had taken it, he didn't move away but stood close behind me, standing quite still and silent. I waited for him to say something, or move to get his drink as he'd only brought mine. I sensed more than felt him move a little nearer to me; I stood stock still, tensing slightly. I first felt the warmth of his breath on me and then the slightest sensation as he lightly placed his lips on my right shoulder. He paused for a second and then I felt his tongue playing lightly on my skin. As my heart started to race he flicked his tongue slowly across my shoulder, the back of my neck and on to my left shoulder. He stopped there and then pulled away; I heard the sound of his bathrobe tie being pulled. Then, nothing; no sound, no movement.

With a slightly shaky hand, I lifted my glass and took a good mouthful of ice-cold vodka. As I did so, Matt put his left arm around me and onto my left nipple, taking it between his fingers. He gently squeezed it and a thrill ran through me, but especially to my cock which, almost instantly, sprang erect. He moved closer to me until I felt his cock against the cleft of my arse. Instinctively I pressed back against him and he started to give light kisses across my shoulders as I felt his cock hardening against me. I was startled both by how good it felt and how quickly I reacted. I moved forward slightly to break contact and then turned around to face him. I went to take a step across the slight gap between us but he stopped me by placing his hand firmly in the centre of my chest. I stood looking at him, I was breathing heavily and clearly aroused.

`Wait', was all he said.

He paused and, looking hard into my eyes, said `Are you really sure you want this to continue David'? he asked firmly.

I went to answer but he stalled me by placing his fingers on my lips.

`It's not just right now I'm talking about', he said, `it's the times after this when things move on. It is a different way of life which may not go on forever and something you will have to either live with or keep to yourself. Things will move on quite rapidly, even in the short time you have left here; things which I cannot predict but things which will evolve as you enter the world I inhabit. The club we've visited is the start of things, not the end. Much more can happen.

I listened intently, trying to take in all he'd said and the implication of more to come and of things I knew nothing about. How could I agree to the future when I was so ignorant and yet so desperately wanted to know?

Matthew saw the turmoil I was in and gave me another hint of what could be and therefore, another reason to stop.

`If you say no now, we can just stop, we can get dressed and we'll go out for dinner. We'll speak no more on what has passed between us and we won't go to the club together again.
However, if you want to carry on, we'll stay in and continue where we left off; you'll continue to spend the rest of the night naked and being tutored by me.'

The silence when he finished speaking was palpable.

`Tutored'? I asked

`Tutored', he repeated. `When you arrived I was quickly interested in you, even though I knew you were married' He paused, `I checked you out before you came over', he explained, responding to my quizzical look.

`How did you know that I would respond to you'? I asked.

`Instinct', he said.

I said nothing. My thoughts were in some sort of disorder. I'd been shocked how easily I'd fallen into this. A week ago, I would have thought the whole thing improbable. Now, the unknown lay ahead of me. I admitted to myself that I wanted to know what was yet to be.

`Yes', I said softly, and then raised my head to look directly at him. `Yes', I repeated, and then, `I want it to go on'.

`Whatever happens?' he asked.

I took a deep, slightly shuddering breath. `Yes'.

His only response was to hold my gaze for a couple of seconds and then turn away, walk across the room, pick up his drink and return to stand in front of me. He raised his glass.

`To whatever happens', he said, by way of a toast.

We touched glasses and then sipped our drinks.

`Now you can fetch your stuff from your room', he said.

I nodded and moved away from the window and put my glass on the side. He watched me in silence as I went to the bathroom and said nothing when I came out again with my trousers and shirt. I looked at him and stopped. He was looking intently at me, his eyes slightly narrowed. He gently shook his head from side to side.

`No', he said, very quietly.

I immediately understood.

I can't go to my room like this', I said, somewhat incredulously.

`Oh yes you can', he replied with a slight grin.

I went to reply but couldn't find the words. My heart was racing (yet again) both at the thought of doing it and, I have to admit, at the thought of actually doing it. Could I do this?

I dropped my clothes to the floor and stood there looking at him. After a couple of seconds I broke our gaze, reached down for my trousers and lifted them up in front of me. I looked back at him, then, after a slight pause, reached into the pocket and then let them fall to the floor again. I showed him the key card in my hand.

`I'll need this', I said.

He let out a long breath. `I thought you were going to refuse', he said.

`Why, did I have a choice'? I asked.

He just shook his head. 

I turned towards the door.

`Wait', he said.

I stopped and turned around.

`The key card spoils the naked effect', he said, and held out his hand.

I simply handed it to him, wondering what was to come next.

`Turn around', he said.

I did as he asked. Matt moved closer to me and placed his hand on one cheek of my arse and pulled it slightly to one side. I felt a slight coldness and then he let go of me. I stood there with my key card held between the cheeks of my arse.

`That looks better', he said, `now that you have both hands free, you can go to your room'.

I turned to look at him.

`Off you go', was all he said.

I turned, slightly clamping my arse and walked to the door. I opened it very slightly and peered left down the corridor in the direction of my room. It appeared to me miles away. The corridor was clear; I opened the door a little wider so that I could put my head out to see down the corridor in the other direction, it was also clear. I quickly checked left again and then the other way. I glanced back at Matt.

`It's clear', I said.

`That's good', he said, and gently, but firmly, pushed me into the corridor, closing the door behind me.

I stood there for the briefest of moments. There was certainly no way back. I headed for my room at a brisk walk, whilst keeping my arse clamped to hold the key card. Then, behind me, I heard a door open. I stopped (why?) horrified and quickly glanced over my shoulder. Matt stepped into the corridor, grinning at me. I turned and continued my walk. As I did so, Matt emitted a low wolf-whistle. I hurried on. As I approached the bank of lifts I was conscious of the hum as they operated. As I drew level with them, one slowed and then stopped; I panicked slightly and rushed to get to my room. The key card slipped from my arse. I stooped to grab it just as the lift doors opened directly in front of me. I looked up - straight into the brightly lit and mirrored lift. It was empty. As I stood up, breathing a great sigh of relief, the doors closed and it continued on its way. I stood there for a second and then, hardly thinking, placed the key card between the cheeks of my arse, turned, and continued towards my room.

Walking carefully, I made it without dropping the key card again. Just as I got there, I heard the distant sound of the lift changing as it slowed down. I retrieved the key card and swiped it quickly through the slot in the lock. The light in the lock glowed red as the lift stopped. I swiped again, with the same result. Again the light glowed red; at the same moment, the lift doors slid open and I heard a man's voice. Telling myself to stay calm I swiped the card again with a deliberate slowness; the light glowed green as the lock clicked open. As I pushed the door open I briefly saw in my peripheral vision somebody exit the lift. I almost fell into the room as I heard another voice, this time a woman's, and the sound of footsteps. I closed the door, my heart thumping as I did so. I turned and looked through the spyglass in the door, just in time to see a man walk by closely followed by a woman; as she passed, she paused, looked briefly at my door and then carried on out of my vision. Had she seen me in the corridor?

After a minute or so, I'd calmed down. I went into the bathroom and picked up my wash bag and pulled on a bathrobe. I quickly checked to see if I needed anything else; deciding not, I turned for the door. As I reached it, the `phone rang. I hesitated; I let it ring for a short while and decided to pick it up.

`Hello', I answered hesitantly.

`Don't even think about dressing to return, echoed Matt's voice down the wire. `I'll send you back if you do'.

With a click, the line went dead. I shrugged off the bathrobe and went to the door. I opened it slightly to check the corridor, first one way and then pulling open the door a little more so that I could look down the other way. It was all clear. As I went to step out, I remembered my key card. I went to return into the room; then, the defiant side of my nature took over. I stepped out into the corridor and pulled the door firmly shut behind me. There was no way back now. It was my turn to wind-up Matthew.

I stood in the corridor now more conscious of my nakedness then before. The only sounds were the distant ones of the hotel going through its normal life. Faraway voices, the hum of the air-conditioners, the purr of the lifts. The air around my body felt good and I became aware of the thick carpet on the soles of my feet. I as I relaxed I felt my penis begin to swell. Then, as I stood there, I heard the click of a door lock. I went to move closer to the wall (I don't know why) as I looked in the direction of the sound. Matt stepped out into the corridor.

`Come on', he hissed impatiently.

I moved into the middle of the corridor and stood facing him, my legs slightly apart so that he could see my swollen penis. In the silence I became even more aroused at the awareness of being naked in a semi-public place. My penis rapidly became erect into a rigid cock; I turned slightly sideways to give Matt a better view. Standing like this, I looped the handle of my wash bag over it and slid it down to the root where it hung.

`Look', I called softly, `no hands'.

`Don't be a fool', hissed Matt, `quickly now'.

I started walking slowly towards him. As I reached one of the anonymous pictures on the wall that all hotels have, I stopped to look at it, standing away as if studying it thoughtfully.

`David!' Matt called as load as he dared.

I turned and continued on my way not hurrying and enjoying Matt's evident discomfort. Opposite the lifts was a huge arrangement of flowers; I paused to look at them and then moved to take in the scent of the tall lilies. As I did so, I became aware of the sound of an approaching lift. It started to slow and then sighed to a stop; as it did so Matt dived for the cover of his room and half closed the door leaving just enough gap for him to peer out. The doors slid open. I stayed still; in the distorted reflection of the polished brass wall plate behind the flower arrangement I saw a member of the hotel staff step out of the lift. With typical tact and diplomacy, he briefly looked but without any hesitation turned, and turned again into the adjacent stairwell and disappeared silently down the stairs. Behind me the doors slid shut and the lift continued on its ceaseless vertical journey.

Leaving the flowers I continued my slow walk, pausing to look at the occasional picture and, at the same time, give Matt a view of my rigid cock. As I approached his room and reached for the handle he pulled open the door, grabbed my outstretched arm and pulled me roughly into the room. As I cleared the door, he slammed it shut and then forcefully pushed be back against it.

`You stupid bastard', he said. `You'll get us thrown out of here'.

`Doubtful', I replied, `I don't think for a moment he would recognise me unless he studies guests' arses. Anyway, he's probably seen much worse'.

Matt looked at me still clearly cross. Then, without any warning, came towards me and slammed his lips to mine. It was such a rough kiss that our teeth ground together. He held it for a few seconds and then, just as suddenly stepped back. In the silence, I watched his anger subside. He grinned slightly.

`You need a shave you bristly bastard', he said.

I shaved as he showered as he said he wanted to watch me at the basin. I was turned on by watching his reflection in the mirror as his eyes roved over me, frequently returning to gaze steadily on my arse. I finished shaving and turned around to face him. His gaze dropped to my swollen cock; as he did so, I tightened the muscle in the root, expressing a large amount of precum which hung in a great teardrop before elongating and falling in a thread to the floor. Matt watched silently and then moved aside in the shower by way of a silent invitation to join him. The water was cool and felt good on my skin. I expected him to want to soap me but he just watched as I reached for the soap dispenser and started to soap my chest and arms. I lingered over it as I knew he was waiting for me to soap my cock. I kept him waiting before taking another handful of soap and then slowly soaping my hard cock and then my balls; after a short while I turned away and slid my soapy hands over and then between the cheeks of my arse.

`You'll need this', he said.

I turned to see him holding a flexible shower hose with a white plastic cylinder with a rounded end. Down the length of it, around 5 inches or so, ran shallow flutes with a series of small holes along the bottom of them. I looked quizzically at him and back at it. He moved his thumb to the base of it and pressed a small valve. Out of the holes flowed jets of warm and very soapy water. I realised then what it was for. As if he read my mind, Matt turned around and then reached behind him and deftly inserted the appliance into his arse. He pressed the valve and, following a slight pause, water gushed from his arse by way of the flutes. He stopped the water and pulled it out of his arse.

`Turn around', he said.

I did as I was asked and leaned on the wall of the shower with my arse pushed towards him. I heard the soap dispenser go and then felt his slippery hand between the cheeks of my arse as he soaped my opening. He moved his hand and I felt the head of the cylinder against my opening. He first pressed the valve and then pushed the cylinder into my entrance. A combination of the hot soapy water and my willingness to take it in made it easy to take the cylinder fully inside me. The sensation was most pleasant; the water gushing into me and then finding its way back out via the flutes. Matt made it more pleasurable by slowly working it in and out of me a few times. He held it in for a few seconds longer and then pulled it clear of me.

`All clean now', he said as I turned around to face him. You'll notice I haven't washed my cock yet'.

I hadn't noticed but was glad of the opportunity to touch him as I was now highly charged and looking for some contact. I took a double handful of soap and then knelt down in front of him. I soaped his stomach and thighs before taking hold of his swollen penis at its root and then pulling my hand along its length and then back again to take in his balls in one movement. He became hard very quickly and I heard his sharp intake of breath through his teeth as I slid my hands along his length. I teased him a little by soaping his thighs again, letting his cock stand out towards me untouched.

From my kneeling position I reached up and placed my hand in the centre of his chest and pushed him slightly away. This succeeded in diverting the cascade from the shower over his chest and washing away the soap from his body. I held him there for a few seconds and then removed my hand. His body swayed back towards me and I simply opened my mouth as his cock came nearer. His hands held either side of my head as his cock slid easily into my mouth. I'm not sure at this point who was the most turned on of the two of us.

I gripped his shaft to restrict the length I could take into my mouth. I twice milked it of precum, savouring the slipperiness of it and the taste of salt in my mouth. Then I did the same to him as my wife does to me; following my hand up and down his cock with my mouth. I only managed this for a short while as he quickly pulled free from me.

`It's too much', he gasped. Then, `I don't want to cum yet; I'm saving it for later'.

He reached up and turned off the shower. He got out and then handed me a towel; I stepped out and we both dried off.

`I'd like another drink, would you'? he asked. I nodded agreement.

`Great', he said. `I'll have the same as before'.

I realised I'd been slipped back into the role of naked servant. I didn't mind in the least as I got a turn-on from it and somehow felt in some sort of control; much the same feeling as I'd had in the corridor earlier. I walked into the room and retrieved the glasses we'd used previously. They didn't look too clean so I stooped down to take clean ones from the cupboard, then, remembering his instructions earlier, I stood straight legged and bent over with my arse and balls in full view of the room. When I stood and turned around to head for the fridge, he was stood in the room wearing his bathrobe which he'd left untied revealing tantalising glimpses of his body.

I went to the fridge, retrieved the bottle, scooped some ice into both glasses and covered them with a generous splash of vodka. I walked over to Matt and handed him a glass. He took it from me and then held it up in an invitation to touch glasses.

`To a great evening', he said.

`To a great evening', I replied.

`Let's go to the window David'.

I put my drink on the low table and walked over to the window. I stood leaning on the safely bar looking out. I felt the cold of the bar and the granite floor acutely in my heightened state of awareness and excited expectation. I watched his reflection in the window as he moved out of my sight and then back into it again. He had exchanged his glass for the bottle of lube which he'd placed in the left hand pocket of his open bathrobe. His reflection disappeared as he moved directly behind me.

As before, now seemingly and age away, I first felt the warmth of his breath on my shoulder and then sensation as he lightly placed his lips on my right shoulder in the gentlest of a kiss. He put his left arm around me and onto my left nipple, taking it between his fingers and gently squeezed it. As he did so, I felt his cock against the cleft of my arse and I pressed back against him. Reaching behind me, I spread the cheeks of my arse. His hardening cock sprang into the gap; I let go of them, softly clamping it. He squeezed my nipple slightly harder and I reacted by tightening the grip of my arse around his cock. Matt very gently, nipped the skin of my shoulder with his teeth. My cock rapidly hardened, as did his.

He ceased squeezing my nipple and placed his hands on either side of my hips. Still clamped in my arse, he pulled slightly backwards. I moved with him so as not to lose contact. He moved again and I followed. I knew where this was leading. I gripped the safety bar and pressed my arse against him, moving him back now so that I was leaning forward on the bar with my back at an angle, my legs apart and my willing arse prominent. Looking down between my extended arms, I could see my refection mirrored in the polished granite floor, my swollen cock and hanging, heavy, balls. I marvelled at my shameless desire.

Matt separated the cheeks of my arse, releasing his cock. Moving slightly to his left, his refection in the window moved into my vision. His left hand reached into the pocket of his bathrobe and re-emerged holding the lube bottle. His hand moved out of my vision behind be; seconds later, I felt the warmth of lube running across the top of my protruding arse. His left hand came back into view as I felt his right hand on my back and then slide down onto the lube. Gently, he began to massage the lube over the top of my arse. As he massaged, he slowly moved lower and then onto each cheek. He stopped and reached into his pocket for the lube.

He poured it over the top of my arse again. Then, he pulled a cheek aside and poured the lube into the cleft. I felt the warmth of it flow across my arse opening and then over my balls, dripping from there onto the floor; some ran down the insides of my legs. He pocketed the bottle and starting massaging me again. I gave a slight shudder of anticipation. He ran his hand over my lubricated arse and then between the cheeks from top to bottom, over my balls, pausing to roll them around in his hand, and then along my hard cock. I was now roused with excitement and eagerness. He moved his hand back over my arse cheeks, between them and over my balls and cock for a short while, then, with the slightest of a pause, pressed a fingertip against the opening of my arse. I tensed.

`Relax', he whispered.

Willing myself to do so must have had some noticeable effect as he was able to enter me a little more. He waited until I had accepted the end of his finger and then pushed it further inside me until I felt his knuckles against my arse. He pulled his finger half out and squirted lube over it and me. He slid it back in with little effort, held it there and then started slow movements in and out. It felt so good; I relaxed and his movements became easier as I willingly accepted his finger and found myself pleasurably waiting for it to penetrate me again. After a little while, Matt stopped with his finger fully inside me and then slowly withdrew it. In the reflection, I saw him reach for the bottle again.

I felt the nozzle against the opening and then the rounded end of it pushed inside. I sensed the rush of warm liquid flood into me as he squeezed the bottle. He pulled it out of me and moved to the side of me where I could see him. He poured some lube over his hard cock; from my lowered vantage point it looked huge. He pocketed the lube and then shrugged of his open bathrobe, letting it fall to the floor. As I watched, he slowly spread the lube over his cock. He did this for a short while until it stood out from him in a glistening pole. Then he moved to stand behind me. After a few seconds, I felt the head of his cock pressed against my opening.

It was much the same sensation as the first time when we were in the bath. He entered me and stopped at the first hint of my arse involuntarily clamping shut. He waited as I acclimatised to the intrusion. Then, as before, he pushed slightly harder and waited for me to relax. With a force of will, egged on by lust, I relaxed and his cock slid into me past the temporary obstruction. I gasped slightly as it did so but this time more out of pleasurable surprise than discomfort; his stomach against my arse exacerbating the feeling of depth inside me. He stayed there not moving allowing me to relax further.

I did so by looking beyond the reflection in the darkened window; looking down on the distant movement far below me. My sensations were acute and I could make out the distant hum of traffic and see the lights of the Star ferries crossing to the mainland. I was conscious of looking down on all of this whilst a man filled my arse and how I, never in a million years, would have thought the situation possible.

`Penny for your thoughts', he said, breaking into my reverie.

I went to say something, I know not what, when I realised that I was now completely relaxed. Matt must have felt the same as he withdrew his cock and then slid it back into me. He paused, withdrew it again and then pressed it back inside me. The movement served to spread the lube and indicate to us both that I was totally relaxed. Matt withdrew again and then back into me: he didn't pause this time however. Slowly and gently, he started to fuck me.

All manner of senses overwhelmed me. The incredulity of what was actually taking place, after a lifetime of thinking this was a bad thing, the pleasurable feeling of his cock sliding over the root of mine where it was buried in my arse (my prostate?), his hands gripping my hips as he pulled himself into me and, I have to now admit to myself, my own rhythm as I eagerly pushed back against his incoming cock. I was hooked.

He stopped twice to retrieve the lube, both time inserting into my arse. It felt warm and I enjoyed the feeling as it rushed in and then leaked out of my opening, stopped only by Matt as he penetrated me. After the second time we were in a mutual rhythm and there was no further need for more lube. As he drove into me I pushed back against him; my half-hard but swollen cock swung around leaking a stream of precum which hung in crystal clear thread from the end of it to where it had stuck to my legs. I looked down into the dark reflection in the granite floor where I could just make out the sight of Matt's cock moving in and out of me. The area was covered in drops of lube and smaller drops of my precum. I found it most erotic, the sight of his cock sliding into me at the same time as I could feel it.

I don't know how long we were joined; probably not for so long as we were both wound up in the newness of each other. Matt's strokes began to speed up and also became shorter. I clamped my arse to keep him in contact with me; as I did so, his strokes became faster and I was conscious of his breathing coming in short gasps. Then, with one massive thrust, he buried himself deeply inside me, seeming far deeper that so far. I clamped my arse around him as he let out a shuddering gasp and I felt a seemingly huge wave of warmth fill my arse, and then another, and another. His hands gripped my hips with great strength as he let out a huge and prolonged groan pressing so hard against me that it took all the strength in my arms to stop him pushing me against the widow the other side of the safety bar.

`Fucking hell', he muttered again and again as the spasms subsided and then ceased.

We both stayed still and silent as his breathing quietened. After a few minutes, the combination of his softening cock and my arse clamped around it served to gently squeeze him out of me. I felt a short flood of warmth as his cum leaked from me before my arse clamped shut, stemming the flow. I slowly stood upright and turned to face him. Neither of us said anything, we didn't need to. We moved to hold each other and kissed. I must admit here that it was a loving kiss; it was gentle and full of warmth, our tongues met, exploring each other's mouth. His penis was wet against my now stiffening one. We kissed like this for a little while. When we mutually broke it, Matt spoke.

`I need to sit down before I fall down', he said. He reached past me and stooped to retrieve his bathrobe from the floor. He draped it over his shoulders and then reached forward, took my hand and led me towards the two sofas.

I shuddered slightly as the heat of our lust cooled.

`Get your bathrobe David', Matt said. `Don't be cold'.

I went to the bathroom, grabbed the bathrobe, put it on and loosely tied it, wondering when my time to cum would be; I was in no hurry. When I returned to the room, Matt was sat on one of the sofas with our drinks on the small square table between them. I sat on the opposite sofa and picked up my drink. I raised it towards him and he responded by reaching forward to touch glasses.

`That was something else Dave', he said.

`It certainly was', I answered inadequately.

We drank in silence for a while and I decided to change direction.

`How do I get to become a member of the club?' I asked.

`With some difficulty', he said, `It's by recommendation and then solely the chairman's casting decision. It's only after one is accepted that one understands what his criteria are for selection. Discretion is paramount, not through any sense of shame, more a case of other people's perceptions'.

`Have I seen the chairman?' I asked.

`He was there once when you were but you didn't see him and we didn't tell you'

`Oh well,' I said, `It's not as if I have much longer here and anyway, I probably won't be returning'.

`You never know', he replied, `It may happen'

We talked on and off for nearly an hour about all manner of things. Eventually, whilst getting us another drink, dimming the room lights as he did so, Matt skilfully brought the conversation around to us. As we sat there sipping our drinks he asked me how I felt about what had happened. I tried to explain about my surprise at feelings and the sweeping aside of all my prejudices. As I talked and he listened, I became aware of becoming aroused at the thought of what had gone before. I found myself glancing at the opening of his bathrobe which had parted to lay either side of his legs, but short of exposing his penis. He told me it had been a very long time since he had any relationship but had noticed me when we'd met in the UK office some time ago and he'd planned to get me out to Hong Kong. He rested his head on the back of the sofa as he spoke, not looking at me. I took the opportunity to steal a look at his parted bathrobe; it had moved aside enough to see his penis. It was half-hard, glistening slightly from the lube. He looked bloody good as he leaned back.

`What made you think I'd come and be here like this with you?' I asked, my voice lifting an octave with my rising excitement.

`I didn't', he said, `I just knew I wanted you'.

To this day I don't know why I did what I did. It was a spontaneous act borne out of a myriad of feelings. I undid my bathrobe and slid forward so that my arse was on the edge of the sofa and to one side of the table separating us. In this half laying position, I pulled both knees up to my chest, exposing my arse directly to him.

`Like this?' I asked.

He looked and me for a second or so in surprise and then sat up straight.

`You fucking tart', he said as he tipped forward to the floor and onto his knees, landing directly in front of me.

I reached for his hardened cock and pulled him towards me. Whether is was the lube remaining on him or on me or his cum still inside me or a combination of it all I didn't know. All I can say is that as Matt put his hands on my knees to hold them up, I guided his cock to my opening and he entered me fully in one movement. It felt as if his cock would go into me for ever as I expanded to take him. The excitement was intense and I gasped out aloud. He grinned at me.

`Scream you fucking whore' he said and proceeded to roughly fuck me.

It was consensual rape by any another name. He ploughed into me and I grabbed his head, pulled it down to mine and kissed him fiercely. He reacted like a man possessed, roughly banging into me - and I loved it.

It didn't last long. His strokes got shorter and his breathing laboured as he struggled not to cum. I clamped my arse tightly and all vestiges of his control vanished. He came with a roar and one last thrust into me. I felt the spurt of his cum hit me inside; it felt powerful and hot. He clamped his lips to mine as the contractions subsided, getting gentler as they did so. By the time he had finished we were kissing the lightest of kisses, our lips barely touching. He let go of my legs and placed his hands either side of my shoulders. I put my legs down, the action of which served to eject his soft penis from me.

`Now it's your turn', he said, `don't go away'.

He rose and retrieved the bottle of lube. He came back and looked down at me.

`Lie on your back', he said softly.

I stretched myself along the length of the sofa, my head on a cushion, my bathrobe spread out beneath me, my cock hard and standing at an angle to my stomach. I could feel its hardness straining the skin. I don't think I'd ever had such an erection. Matt upturned the bottle and ran a stream of lube along the exposed underside of my cock. He put down the bottle, retuned to sit beside me and took my cock into his hand. He slowly massaged it, spreading the lube as he did so. Wiping his hand on his bathrobe, he rose and then knelt astride me. He paused and then reached behind, grasping my cock. Gently, he lowered himself until I felt the cheeks of his arse brushing the head of my cock. They parted as he guided my cock to its destination. As I felt the opening of his arse on the end of my cock, Matt stopped lowering himself and removed his hand. Keeping me in contact with him, he leaned forward and placed his hands lightly on my shoulders. He looked down at me and smiled.

`Enjoy', he said, and let his full weight down upon me.

His arse tore down the length of my lubricated cock. In an instant I was fully inside him with my balls hard up against his arse. I couldn't comprehend how easily and quickly he'd taken me in. He paused for a short while as his weight allowed my cock to penetrate him fully. I closed my eyes and tried to think of anything but how we were, anything to stop me cumming. Gradually I brought my sensations under some sort of control and relaxed, the feelings of prematurely cumming subsiding. I opened my eyes; Matt was looking down at me. He smiled and gently lifted his weight, his arse sliding up my cock until just the tip of it remained inside him. Then, very slowly, he slid down the length of my cock again, paused and then rose. Slowly, he began to build to a gentle rhythm.

He was a skilful and attentive lover, watching me closely, stopping every time he felt I was going to cum. Over the next twenty minutes or so, stopping twice to lubricate me, he took me to the point of cumming, only to deny me the pleasure I so wanted. He stopped a third time and lubricated me once more. Expertly he bestrode me and effortlessly took me inside him without using his hand to guide me into him. He paused when he had me fully inside him, smiled at me again and continued his rhythm. I knew then that he wasn't going to stop. Without taking his eyes from my face, he continued to gently ride me.

It didn't last for long. I felt the tremors heralding by lack of control, and so did Matt. He picked up his pace slightly, not much, just enough to signal that he was going to let me cum. And I did. Firstly, just the initial weak spasm and then, accompanied by my strangled voice, a rush so intense it bordered on the painful. I felt cum leap from my cock, followed by another, equally intense as the first. I involuntarily sat up and made a grab for Matt's shoulders. He pulled me to him and I buried by face in his neck, letting out muffled gasps as each jet of cum left me.

`Let it go, fill me. Let it go, fill me' he repeated softly over and over again each time a spasm hit me.

Gradually, the intensity of feelings subsided and my racing heart slowed. We clung to each other until I was at last still, and then for a little while after. I let go of Matt and he relaxed his hold on me. I pulled back to look at him; he just looked back at me with the merest hint of a smile playing on his lips. Then, for the first time, I kissed him lovingly. This time it had feeling; this time is was the kiss between two lovers. I felt both elated and slightly strange. I felt as if I had crossed an invisible divide. I had admitted to Matt and myself that this had moved from a physical liaison onto another plane.

`Stay here tonight?' he asked.

I nodded assent.

`Good', he said softly.

He shifted slightly and my softened cock slid from him. Standing, he held his hand out to me. I reached for it and pulled myself up. Still holding my hand, he turned. Together we headed for the bathroom.

