“Oh!” She blinks, coming back to herself and back to him. Understanding now why he had asked, she feels angry with herself all over again. Although now she is not only irritated at having failed herself, but she regrets very much that her rather unspectacular efforts have also failed him. 

“I... I’m so sorry, Tarrant. I tried, but I... I couldn’t... I didn’t enjoy it, not without y—” Alice clamps her lips closed at his sharp inhalation. She does not look at him; some instinct informs her that if she does, the look on his face will make her toss aside all her good intentions, rise from her chair, clamor into his, lean over the back of it and— 

She forces a cleansing breath into her lungs and then out again. “I wish I could tell you my preferences.” And she truly does. She would do anything to ease the stress of the coming intimacies from his mind. “But I think I... need you. To help me discover them. Together.” She does not look at him as she says this. Not because she is ashamed or embarrassed – although she is blushing hotly; still that has never stopped her from speaking her mind before, not to him – but because she is afraid that, in denying him what privacy she can give him (privacy she gives him by averting her gaze), he will be drawn to her and he will break his own promise. She has a promise of her own to keep: she had promised not to assist him in breaking his. And she is trying ... 

“Alice, I... I...” Out of the corner of her eye, she sees his fingers tighten impossibly further on the back of the chair. “I need a moment. Please excuse me.” 

She nods and doesn’t look up until the door to the unmentionable room closes. She listens to the sound of water running and stares at his abandoned clothing still draped over the chair. Alice stands and crosses the rug, navigates around the small table, and, kneeling a single knee on the cushion of the chair, she collects his ascot in her hand, brings the fabric to her nose and inhales. 

Yes... The scent of him makes her pulse flutter like a sky that has been darkened with thousands of wind-skipping butterflies. Yes, she wants him. Yes, he makes her Want... 

Only now she realizes that the unknown she seeks is as equally unknown to him. It had never occurred to her that he would be unaware... No, no: untried ... She had assumed he would be able to show her, teach her, instruct her in the ways of intimacy between a man and a woman. 

Instead, it appears, they will have to instruct each other. 

Alice is glad Tarrant had deigned to take a moment, for she needs one as well. 

She closes her eyes and breathes in his scent once more, and then she relocates herself to the balcony. It’s not until the water has stopped running in the bathing room and Tarrant has found her outside and she has noticed the wet spots on his shirt and the damp strands of his hair – the water he had liberally splashed on his face had darkened them to nearly blood red against his pale temples and cheeks and neck – that she realizes she’s still holding his ascot. His green eyes focus on it where it is crushed in her tight grasp. He takes a shuddering breath. 

“I know almost naught of the... relations between a man and a woman,” she admits. “And certainly no... specifics regarding a woman’s... enjoyment of it. But I will. I won’t fail you this time, I—” 

“Alice, stop. The failure is not yours.” He pauses, considers his hands where they rest on the balcony railing and admits, “Although I am aware of the... practice, I am unclear as to... specifics.” He glances at her, his brows scrunched apologetically despite their damp disarray. “I have been remiss in my duties on the matter,” he lisps softly. “You are correct, Alice. I shall also...” 

The moment of silence stretches until she wonders if the next labored beat of her heart will shatter it. She reaches for his hand and grasps it tightly in hers despite his start of surprise. “Everything will be all right,” she promises him. 

He takes a deep breath and nods. “Thank you, Alice.” 

And then a soft knock on the door interjects. Alice smiles and shifts her grip from his hand to his arm. “I’ll get the door. Shall we eat out here tonight?” 

Tarrant nods, his expression relaxing. As Alice crosses the room, answers the door, and asks the very nervous-looking fish butler to take the silver tray out to the balcony, she makes a concentrated effort to set aside their conversation and the very intimate nature of it. She focuses on what is important here: Tarrant does not want to disappoint her; she does not want to disappoint him. 

Dinner is pleasant and the view of the sunset makes it very romantic. Tarrant tells her the rules for a Witzend card game he’d played as a child and before dessert is finished, he has fetched a deck and they are slapping away at cards on the tabletop, making a wonderful mess. They shed their awkwardness and tension with each bout of laughter until Alice yawns, which in turn elicits a yawn from Tarrant, and then they giggle at each other. 

“Time for bed!” Tarrant announces, then pauses as the usual implications of that phrase occur to him. 

“And time for sofa!” Alice contributes before he can work himself up over the phrase. 

“The sofa?” 

“Yes. Last night I had the bed, so tonight I will sleep on the sofa.” 

“Alice, I don’t recommend...” 

“Perhaps we should ask the sofa’s opinion?” 

“I don’t doubt it would prefer you as an inhabitant for the night, but, Alice, a sofa is not skilled in providing a good night’s sleep. An afternoon doze, perhaps, but not—” 

“I’ll be fine. If you like, you can change for bed.” 

“Change?” 

“Into your nightshirt.” 

“Oh, yes. Well, actually the shirt I’m currently wearing is very versatile.” 

“I see. Well, at the very least you’ll permit your suspenders to unwind?” 

“I suppose I shall.” 

Alice gives him a moment alone inside the suite. She collects the scattered cards and replaces all of the dishes on the tray for collection in the morning. When she enters the room, she sees Tarrant – sans suspenders – hovering uncertainly between the bed and the sofa. 

“I thought we already agreed you could have the bed if the sofa was agreeable to accommodating me?” 

“Ah! We did!” he very nearly exclaims. “I was simply wondering if I ought to confirm with the sofa...” 

Alice strides over to it and takes a seat. She lays her hands, palms down, on the cushions and rubs the taut fabric along its weave and feels the cushions at her back fluff invitingly. “I don’t sense any objections.” 

Tarrant fidgets. “It is not very gentlemanly of me to permit you to—” 

“ Permit me?” 

“Er, that is...” He huffs out a frustrated breath. “I’m only... my intentions...” 

“Are very noble and I appreciate your efforts, truly,” she finishes for him, standing. “But I would appreciate it more so if you would loan me a pillow and a blanket.” 

He does more than that. He bustles between the bed and the sofa, making up a very comfortable pocket for her to tuck herself into. He remembers her preference for a single pillow and an extra quilt and when he is done, Alice thanks him with a hand on his shoulder and kiss on his cheek. 

“And now, I believe it’s my turn to tuck you in.” 

“Alice... it’s not necessary—” 

Smirking, she turns back to his bed and holds up the bed covers. She tests the temperature of the sheets with the palm of her hand and, shaking the blankets clutched in her fist significantly, nods for him to make himself comfortable. With a self-conscious tilt to his brows, he does. 

“Alice...” he begins hesitantly as she tucks the sheets and blankets around him, “as I’m still wearing my shirtsleeves, might I ask one more question?” 

“Of course.” 

“ Do you mind sleeping on the sofa?” 

She sighs out a laugh. “At the moment, no, I honestly don’t. Ask me again in the morning.” 

“The morning, yes,” he agrees, frowning up at the canopy hanging over the bed. 

“Are you comfortable?” she checks. 

He sighs. “Very.” 

“But...?” 

“But I fear sleep will be a long time in coming.” 

He seems resigned and Alice hurries to offer a possible solution. She gently brushes her fingertips through his frizzy hair, enjoying the fact that it is not a tangled mass at all but very soft and springy. “Hm. Well, I suppose we could count sheep.” 

He tilts his head, leaning into her touch even as he argues, “That would require recruiting sheep to come up to our room so that we might count them, which would be quite inconsiderate and – should sleep evade us for a considerable length of time – cruel to the sheep.” 

Well, when viewed from that perspective... “It would be very unfair to deprive them of their own sleep, wouldn’t it? Perhaps we shall count our blessings instead?” 

“Yes. Perhaps.” 

“In that case, may you discover a great many.” Alice leans forward and presses a brief kiss to his lips. “Sleep well and sweet dreams, Tarrant.” 

“To you as well,” he replies with a luminous smile that both fills Alice with joy at the sight of it and makes her ache to taste him. “Good night, Alice.” 

Alice tucks away her sudden inclination to reintroduce her tongue to his and, with one more smile and a soft “Good night” she heads for the changing screen and pulls on her nightgown and robe. As she ties the sash and douses the light, she imagines a night – some night more than thirteen days in the future – when she will not require a robe, a sofa, or – perhaps – even a nightgown. She imagines being welcomed into bed by her husband’s long, strong, bare arms against her skin, his kiss against her temple, and a sigh that is both her name and a bedtime prayer all in one. 

Perhaps one night... their good-nights will be thus. 

But not tonight.