TWO WOMEN FF MFF

[fantasy about 2 women.]

It excites me to think of you probably sleeping now and maybe even dreaming about me - I would like to imagine you waking up next to your still sleeping hubby with a vision of my hard cock before your face. Carefully, you sit up and slowly slide your mouth over the throbbing tip, sucking and licking to taste all my juices. I try to mask my soft groan of pleasure as you slowly enclose my hard shaft deeper and deeper inside your hot mouth. Your hands reach up and wrap around my achingly hard cock, squeezing and stroking as you purr quietly with delight. 

Your hubby snores softly beside you as you begin to suck and stroke my cock eagerly, gazing into my eyes with that lusty horny look you know I love. I lean towards you and you let me push my cock inside your mouth so deep that it almost makes you gag, but underneath, you are smiling with the thrill of it. I start to thrust slowly in and out of your mouth through the tight rings you make with your fingers and your lips, your tongue alternately caressing and assaulting the tip of my super-aroused cock. You groan inwardly as you feel my cock swelling in preparation for a huge orgasm. 

Your eyes look up at me with so much love as you watch me preparing to flood your soft warm mouth with my cum. I grunt with pleasure as the bolt of orgasm shoots up from my balls and my cock pulsates wildly in your mouth. You take me extra deep as you feel the first spurt hit the back of your throat, then you relax and enjoy the rest of my hot cum spurting onto your tongue. You look at me and smile with intense pleasure as you swallow my cum greedily. As you feel my orgasm reaching its end, you slowly squeeze my cock from the base to the tip, pushing out the final drops of my cum, which you lick off with a big grin. 

The head of my cock is so sensitive now that it almost makes me squeak with lust, but somehow I hold back. You release your tight grip on my cock and I slowly slide it out of your mouth. You smile at me, wanting a kiss, but at that moment, your hubby turns over, still in his sleep and his arm reaches out for you. You allow him to hold you as I quietly slip out of the room and return to the room you've allowed Karen and me to stay in while we are visiting your country.

Sometime later, with hubby still asleep, you slip out of your bed, completely naked, and creep along the corridor, where you are not surprised to hear the rhythmic squeaking of the spare double bed. You slowly and carefully open the door and see myself and my wife Cindy deep into a delicious lovemaking session. She is lying on her back with her legs held high and wide. You watch fascinated as my hard cock buries over and over again, but slowly, deep inside her dripping pussy. You adore the sounds she makes as we make love, grunting and moaning her pleasure. 

Your pussy is wildly dribbling your juices and you stand almost motionless, listening to us and slowly starting to play with your pussy and clit. You can imagine my hard cock inside you, taking you to those places you've always dreamed of. It soon makes you play in earnest with yourself, driving you close to a big orgasm. From the noises we are making, you can imagine that Cindy and I are almost ready to cum too. At this point, you completely lose control and your body erupts into a huge orgasm, your juices squirting everywhere on the carpet. You cum noisily as you hear us both explode into a simultaneous orgasm, my cum shooting deep inside her pussy as she makes crazy wild noises, her pussy going into ecstatic and very wet spasms.

We all three calm down and we slowly become aware of your presence. Cindy holds her arms out to you and you go to her as we slowly disengage. Her arms go round you and the two of you kiss, at first hesitantly, but then more deeply, holding each other tight. This is your first experience with a woman and you find it surprisingly satisfying, especially after such a delicious orgasm yourself.

The writhing of your beautiful naked body alongside Cindy's arouses me instantly and my cock erects firmly once more. She looks up at me as she breaks from your passionate kiss and she smiles her approval. I move behind your gorgeous butt which is facing me, on top of her. I push my hard cock towards your butt and press it against your pussy. As you realise what is about to happen, you allow your face to fall again towards Cindy's and continue the kiss. Your pussy opens as I slowly push against you and I feel your body tensing to receive my hard cock. I slowly push it into you and you groan within your kiss. Karen breaks away and grins at me, pulling you immediately back down again to enjoy your sexy kiss. 

My cock slides right inside your pussy, deep and full. It feels like a magic glove as your muscles massage along my length. You are close to orgasm anyway and suddenly you're cumming, drowning both myself and Cindy with your gorgeous juices. You break away from your kiss to cry out with extreme pleasure as you feel my cock still rock hard and deep inside your pussy, enjoying the spasms of your muscles as you orgasm hard and long.

As you calm down, I slowly slide my cock out from your pussy and spread your legs apart. There beneath you is my wife's lovely pussy just aching to feel my cock again. She grins at me over your shoulder, knowing that she will soon feel my pleasure. I thrust my cock into her pussy, crashing my body against your butt and driving you hard against her. You enjoy feeling our rhythm and groan with her. Then you gasp with more than pleasant surprise as I pull out of her pussy and push straight into yours. You actually squeal with delight and push back urgently against me, forcing my cock harder and deeper inside you. 

With two ladies totally wild for me and both close to enjoying big orgasms, I keep switching between your two delicious pussies and driving you both towards your pleasure. You cry loudly as you cum on my cock and I quickly push into Cindy so she can explode as well. Your combined juices make such a delightful mess between us all, but my cock is still ragingly hard.

Between the two of you, you come to an agreement, and without a word, you both kneel beside me, reaching for my cock with all your hands. I groan as first your lips, then Cindy's, enclose my hard cock and many fingers stroke along my hard shaft. You kiss each other in between sucking my cock, and your tongues play exquisitely on my cock head. I am beside myself with pleasure, wanting to orgasm and spray you both with my cum.

(This could be continued if anyone is interested)

[Anyone with any comments, or ladies/girls who would like to chat with me, please contact me on rockyhard4uc@gmail.com - I would love to hear what you think about my stories. Thank you.]

