Now boys will be boys and I was persistent in my attempts to grope her breasts through her clothing as often as circumstances would allow, but she resisted my attempts and pointedly told me she was not that type of girl. A hot Summer helped my cause and evening rides into the country, finding out of the way spots in the forest, made for a more relaxed atmosphere and after heated kissing I was at last allowed to unbutton her blouse and bare her breasts, fondling and sucking them until she gasped and wriggled with excited pleasure. I thought that was to be the start of further sexual progress but she would have non of it when the next time we were in the country she stopped me from trying to get my hand into her panties, saying we should not go too far until we had known each other for a lot longer.

I was constantly frustrated as she only let me bare her breasts and feast on them once a week but at least she enjoyed showing them off to me so I satisfied myself with masturbating regularly while trying to visualise her naked. Ann suddenly disappeared from the local scene and although I risked riding past her house a few time she was nowhere in sight so I just hung around the places where we usually met up. It was her younger cousin that came up to me one evening and told me that her mother had seen Ann and I together a couple of times and had told her sister, thus Ann had been grounded and threatened with more of the same if she were to mix with boys of my type again.

I was to say the least taken aback by the news and cursed a couple of times, startling the girl into saying it was not her fault and I was not to blame her for telling me. I had to laugh as she looked on the point of tears and she perked up at that and asked if I would give her a ride on the bike as a reward for letting me know. Now ordinarily I would have had nothing to do with what after all was still a fourteen year old schoolgirl even though she was in her last term but she had the biggest tits I had ever seen on one so young and as non of the gang were around to see me and I was still miffed at being without Ann so I told her to get on.

I took the back streets to near her home and dropped her off when she told me to go no further, she was flushed and excited and pecked me on the cheek when she was saying thanks. This was too much and I had to retaliate in some way so I just blurted out that I had only done it because she had such big tits. It was my turn to be surprised as she did not complain and, although blushing, just said as a matter of fact everyone said that and did that mean if she passed messages on to Ann for me she could have another and longer ride the next time. I immediately clutched at straws and pushed the thought of being seen with a schoolgirl out of my mind, thankful that she was happy to meet me in an out of the way spot the next evening so that I kept my street-cred with my pears while getting a message. 

She was full of beans when we met and told me that Ann was working on her mother and would probably risk seeing me in a week or so. I was still conscious of her young age and so quickly drove out of the area and went as far as the nearest swathe of forest, finding a path into the trees that was wide enough to get the bike just off the road. We sat at the side of it and she undid her coat as she told me she must be home within the hour or she too would be grounded. I was taking little notice as I had another chance to ogle her big breasts, exited as she wore a dress that was invitingly buttoned right down the front and as she noticed my interest she blushed and that was enough to excite me to the start of an erection.

She went crimson as she looked at the growing bulge and I took my chance, leaned forward and even as she complained had five buttons undone so that even her bellybutton was exposed before she squealed and clutched at the fabric to stop me going further, crying out that I was being too naughty. For a second time I did not really listen to her as I drank in the sight of the two mounds of soft flesh straining at a bra that did little to contain them as she breathed heavily, making them undulate very sexily. She was crimson and tears welled up in her eyes, still confused enough though so as to not pull her dress to cover them so I went further and lifted both lace cups upwards and off of them and although she squealed loudly and sobbed softly the dimples and ridges of the dark skin of her areolas flattened out under my close scrutiny and they spread across the front of the mounds until they were topped by hard proud nipples.

Now for all my assumed bravado, but through lack of experience, I just did not know how sexually advanced a girl her age would be especially as she was genuinely weeping but it seemed to me that she was slightly aroused so I mentally took a deep breath and risked sucking on both nipples as I gently caressed the surrounding flesh. She stopped wriggling and protesting at last and let out a sigh so my confidence grew and I nibbled on a now very hard nipple and this time her sigh was longer and deeper, her body quivering in a telltale sign of rising pleasure. I went to the other nipple and clamped my teeth onto it and bit a little harder, her body tensed and this time it was a very long moan that escaped her and she really shuddered as I then sucked hard on it.

I was my turn for a surprise as suddenly her hand was rubbing at my crotch, causing me to gasp this time as I sat back on my haunches to see a still flushed with embarrassment girl smiling at me. She giggled and said she wanted to see and touch my manhood now, giving me no time to say anything as she undid my trousers and pulled them and my underpants down round my knees. I was instantly rampant and my swollen purple bell-end pointed at her as she let out a long squeal saying she had not expected it to be so long and thick, tentatively gripping the meat and slowly masturbating the whole length. I was once more surprised, but thought it was probably natural instinct plus knowledge gleaned from older girls. It took her under a minute to get me to an excited peak and she squealed loudly once more as it swelled even more in her hand, pulsing and jerking as I ejaculated and shot semen onto the grass in front of us, she shouting with glee as she said she knew that she was watching baby making stuff squirt from me.

Things were brought to a sudden halt when a car pulled up on the road next to the path and we hurriedly dressed and sat as though we were just enjoying the woods. Car doors slammed and seconds later a large old dog excitedly ran by followed seconds later by an elderly man who hesitated as he passed not a yard away smiling broadly as he obviously saw the patch of thick semen on the grass and we could hear him chuckling to himself as he walked on. We quickly made ourselves scarce and when I dropped her off she was laughing, giving me a nice surprise when she said she wanted to do that to me again although she was scared of being that naughty and was mortified when the man nearly caught us.

I could hardly believe my luck but risked telling her that I would let her if she in turn would be naked for me as she did it. Not for the first time that day she was crimson and embarrassed, telling me she would have to think about that and I would have to wait and see then quickly running off when we had agreed to met the next evening. She was not there when I arrived and I gave her ten minutes before going to my normal haunts, the same the day after and I knew she had got cold feet so I had to be satisfied with retiring early and slowly masturbating as I visualised her tits. I really took my time and for the first time felt a little guilty that I had cheated on Ann, my hand did not falter though and as the sensation of my climax overtook me knew that I would have done so again if I had been given the chance.

I was with another couple of bikers when the girl found me, thankfully she told me she had a message from Ann and I was able to get away with it, taking her to one side while she told me Ann would be able to meet up with me the following Monday. I needed to get rid of her fast but before I could dismiss her she coyly said if I took her out to the woods she would let me undress her and she would make my juice shoot again. This was too good an opportunity to miss and she nodded enthusiastically as I arranged to pick her up in ten minutes and away from the crowd and we were out in the woods in no time and I went further along the road and found a new narrow path that looked little used locked the bike up and this time we went deeper into the trees until we came across a nice grassy hollow.

She blushed deeply and by the time I had her down to bra and panties her body was quivering and she was ready for my mouth as I bared her lovely tits. She moaned and panted as I sucked and nibbled her nipples, easing her last garment down her legs and off as she weakly said she wanted me to catch up, starting to strip me slowly not stopping until I too was standing naked. She giggled as she took me to hand and soon had me swollen to maximum then very slowly wanked my full length telling me she loved the purple knob on the end and was she doing it right. I was praising her and caressing her big boobs while alternating between hard nipples with my mouth when I caught a movement just over her shoulder, freezing where I was as I recognised the man that had seen us before, this time the dog could not have given us advanced warning as it was on a lead.

Erica sensed something was wrong and turned, squealing as the man stared at her breasts and she was soon crimson and crying as he advanced on us and angrily said that she was far too young to be doing things like this. The dog growled when he heard his masters raised voice and that did not help her as she was desperately trying to cover her nakedness, crying out that this was only the second time ever we had done anything. We had to stand and listen to his tirade as he told us he had been looking for us all week after he had seen the semen on the grass last time and didn't know if he believed her, he had also taken down my bike number in case he caught us again so that a policeman friend of his would be able to find out who we were and he could then tell our parents.

Now I was getting worried and the agitated still growling dog did not help matters, my erection had disappeared and I was very glad that a distressed Erica offered to get dressed and we would go and never do anything like this again, knowing that she was scared and definitely meant it. The man was definitely in the driving seat and I waited for his reaction, disappointed when he said that would take some believing after what he had seen so far but he could be tempted to let us go on our way if he could have a proper look at her "pussy". She was crimson again and begged not to do it, looking at me for support as tears ran down her cheeks but I was already thinking that this was the easiest way to escape and just nodded slightly to encourage her.

She took an age to think about it but then, still crimson, slowly so that I he could plainly see her vulva. He gasped and stared at the wispy blond curly hair that topped slightly parting vulva lips that too had a covering of down, her magnificent breasts made it a sight worth looking at. A quick glance at the man told me he was drinking the sight in and then he proved he wanted more by telling her to lay down and part the lips so that we could see her clitoris. She protested loudly and covered her genitals but he just laughed and told her to look at my cock and she would know I wanted it too. To my shame I was swelling as I looked at her nakedness and weakly said yes please and went to her side to encourage her for the first time since it had all begun. 

I tried to get her relaxed by sucking her nipples and she held my shaft then wanked it to full erection gasping with pleasure at last as she looked at it in all its glory. This time the man spoke quietly, telling her it was her turn and after slight hesitation she went down on the grass pulling her heels close to her bottom while spreading her knees wide. The dog was tied to a tree and both of us went in close as she spread her vulva and exposed pink inner lips that were glistening with the juice of female arousal, I was glued to the sight of a swelling love button that held the secret of a woman's ultimate pleasure and excited by the small dark hole that was the entrance for a mans cock.

The man was literally drooling at the sight as he told her it was time for her to bring me off and she should make it last as long as possible. I knelt at her side as she slowly masturbated my rampant pole, keeping herself fully exposed for the watching man and I think the three of us knew I would not last long as I was so excited and turned on by all that had happened. I soon twitched and jumped and she stretched me to my limit as she felt my climax arrive and she had no choice but to let the semen shoot all over her tits and belly as spear after spear shot from me. She leaned on her elbow and watched my meat shrivel then looked at the thick white sticky semen that covered her body, not noticing that the man had produced a packet of tissues but squealing in anguish when it was he who slowly started to clean her tits then her belly.

He smiled and told her not to worry and finished off with a second one before screwing them up and throwing them away. She looked relieved when he had finished and lay back down, relaxing but still exposed and I had the chance to have another good look at her sex parts. He saw my interest and smiled, reaching forward he opened her up even more with two of his fingers and I was soon marvelling how every fold of skin joined another making an exciting and inviting whole with a hole that was topped by her clitoris at the heart of it all. With a finger of his other hand he flicked at the swollen button and her plea for him not to touch her there was drowned as she moaned and gasped as her body shuddered and I was knowledgeable enough to know she was feeling pleasure and it was confirmed by a long gurgle together with an uncontrollable quiver of her legs as he carried on.

He stopped exciting her for a second or two before parting her vulva again using both hands as he manoeuvred himself so that he was between her spread legs, dipping down and fixing his mouth onto her open sex and there was no protest from her as he tongued her button. I listened to her new moans of pleasure, thinking back to the pictures I had seen of men doing this in the porn books of my friend (chapter one) knowing that she was now more aroused than she had ever been before in her young life. She suddenly lifted her bottom off the grass, shouting at the top of her voice as her body tensed and then contorted as she gasped for air, eventually dropping back onto the grass still writhing and moaning as he turned to me with a grin, saying she had just had her first orgasm. She was still moaning softly and breathing deeply as her body still twitched and I heard the man say she still needed more and told me it was my turn to make her cum again in the same way.

I was very excited and needed no second bidding and my two fingers were easily buried into her wet silky tunnel, knowing that this sticky substance was a woman's sex juice. I used a finger on her surprising hard swollen gristly clitoris and she was soon making funny noises as she wriggled and moaned between gasps, suddenly shouting out at me to do it with my tongue. The man was sucking on her nipples and tickling her tummy when she exploded and screamed as every muscle in her body rippled with the sensation of her second climax and sticky juice went into my mouth as I sucked on her gristly love button. Both of us men then watched her as she continued to shudder and make funny noises as a beaming man was saying she was definitely a young lady that was now ready for cock. 

He left us and as we lay naked she admitted that she had been very frightened at first but had then enjoyed herself as she had her first real sexual adventure, adamant though that as she had started having periods there was no way she would dare to have a mans penis inside her so it was a good job it was our last visit as her cousin would be back on the scene. I spent all of Sunday reliving the experience, amazed by what I had learned about a woman's body and  sexual behaviour over the last two days, definitely wanting more.  

Ann bounded up on the Monday, cuddled me and kissed me hotly much to the delight and dirision from the assembled friends but was not put off even when I blushed and kissed me again. We met every evening for the rest of the week and then she dropped a bombshell by informing me that her mother wanted to meet me and panic set it but the saving grace was that she said we could arrive on the bike. It was surprising easy to get on with her and her dad and we had a great evening once the ice had been broken and the added bonus was that they had a covered entry to the back door with a sturdy gate thus giving us untold privacy when we said goodnight.

The passageway turned out to be a bit of a washout as Ann was worried that we would be disturbed, only letting me slip my hand inside her clothes to have a quick feel of her tits. Trips to the woods became my priority, not for the first time during our relationship, making sure I found new places every visit so as not to attract attention and happily once more she let me bare her upper half once a week to suck and nibble her breasts. I was frustrated most of the time, wanting to put my new found knowledge to the test but was thwarted every time by a very unadventurous girlfriend who I loved dearly but definitely wanted to have more sexual fun with.

Obviously Erica was a regular visitor to her cousins and apart from a few surreptitious looks and sly smiles as she pushed her tits forwards when no one was looking did not let on that we were anything more than casual acquaintances and my nervousness eventually disappeared when she was around. 

I arrived one evening and the two girls were giggling and talking in the backroom and my heart sank until I found out that it was only talk about a Saturday job that Erica had taken to get some work experience for when she left school in a few months time. It was with a couple that had a second hand goods shop and there was an offer of full time if she chose to and she was quite enthusiastic about it. It was Ann that suggested that I give her cousin a lift home and it took all Erica's naive expertise not to look overjoyed with the offer.

I had not gone a hundred yards before she was crushing her big tits against me and she reached round to rub my crotch, even trying to undo the zip to get at me. She directed me to a side road and it took us to a row of garages and I parked at the side of the end one next to a hedge and she was off the bike and had my cock out in a flash, telling me she wanted to look and play with it. I had been without this kind of sex for a while now and was not going to refuse her and she giggled at my instant erection, slowly masturbating it with long strokes and I could just see her smiling in the growing gloom as it jumped in her hand. 

She looked at it and then back to me and asked how often her cousin was taking it inside her, laughing wickedly when I told her she would not even handle it, then going down and sucking it until I gasped in pleasure, coming up once more, saying she had obviously not done that to me then. It was darker now and suddenly it was a new and confident Erica that said she wanted to make me squirt before she went and took my cock in her mouth again, bobbing her head as she sucked strongly this time. I was making noises of pleasure and started to pulse then jerk as I pushed at her mouth and let out a long grown as she went faster, bringing me to my climax and continuing to suck the ejaculating semen until I was spent. She left me with a limp dangling cock shouting over her shoulder that she would bet that she had surprised me, laughing as she said it was something that she had learned at her part time job.

I will skip a year or two of more frustration with Ann and to be honest I wondered if I had made a mistake by falling for her in the first place but we became engaged on her twentieth birthday, planning to marry when she was twentyone and "whoopee" she relented at last by letting me get inside her panties, fingering her and exciting her clitoris to a near orgasm, stopping me only as she said she was scared of making too much noise in the passageway if I went all the way. I thought my birthday had come early when for the first time since I had known her she instigated a sexy situation by telling me she wanted to go to the woods so that she could experience her first orgasm. I pushed the disappointment to one side as she flatly refused to let me strip her, satisfying myself with having her topless so that I had an unhindered feast on her tits. For a couple of minutes during the ride out my wicked side took over as I pondered going to the spot that the man frequented, dismissing it as there was no way after all I would let him get his eyes, hands, or anything else near this prize. I pushed the dissapointment to one side as she flatly refused to let me strip her, satisfying myself with having her topless so that I had an unhindered feast on her tits. 

She demurely let me slip her panties off and I lifted her skirt up for my first look at a woman's sex, blushing as I let out a long "Mmmmmmmm" as I looked at the dark and quite thick curly triangle of her beaver and a tight lipped vulva that hid the inner delights which up to now I had only explored with a finger. She let out a quiet moan as I parted the flesh to reveal deeper coloured inner lips topped by a swelling clitoris and the dark hole that was her vagina entrance at the lower end. She was already juicy with arousal and easily accepted my two intruding fingers, writhing from the moment I worked them in and out, gasping as I spread them inside her and wriggled them against her vagina walls. She let out a long low moan and shuddered as I thumbed the gristly button, lifted her bottom of the grass and begged me to make her cum. It was a very noisy affair with squeales and moans interspersed by gasps for breath as she thrashed about in the grass and for a moment I thought she was going to feint with the intensity of it. I left her alone to come down from her high, already anticipating getting her there for a second time but she squealed and moaned before telling me she could not stand another one so soon when my hand strayed back to her vulva. 

She happily let me suck and nibble on her still hard nipples as the last of her orgasm receded and then we both laughed at her performance as we made our way back to the bike. She was eager to tell me how wonderful it had felt as her body was taken over by such intense sensations and I was in my elements as she said she wanted to return to the woods soon for more of the same. Thankfully she was not satisfied for long with the near orgasms in the passageway and more visits to the forest ended with her firmly hooked on intense orgasms but my advancement from that was thwarted as she stopped me every time from going down on her to use my tongue and flatly refused to look at or handle my cock, saying it was safer if stayed in my trousers.

Six weeks before the wedding we took possession of a small rented semi-detached house in a quiet cul-de-sac and put the first of our furniture and belongings in, Ann flatly refusing to have any form of sex there until we were married. We had registered with a local doctor and received the best wedding present possible when the doc said she was now able to offer all newlyweds the new birth control pill on prescription so Ann would be protected by the time we were wed.   
