The last of the fallen dice had rolled to a stop, and Near continued to fix Gevanni with his unnerving stare. Then Near rolled over onto his back and grabbed the waistband of his white pajama pants, pushing them down nearly to his knees. He was wearing no underwear, and his extremely pale partial erection flopped free, rising in an arch above his stomach. He was almost hairless.

In a quiet, menacing monotone, Near said, "Mr. Gevanni, have you decided whether you want forgiveness? I assure you I am eighteen years old, even though I look thirteen."

Gevanni did not say a word, but got down on his hands and knees and crawled toward Near. There was an incredibly surreal feeling about everything that was happening, as if it were a dream or a nightmare or something occurring in an alternate universe, a mirror-universe where everything looked the same but was backwards, wrong, inverted, with the left and right sides flipped. When Gevanni reached the teenager, he dipped his head downward and latched onto Near's erection with a slurping sound. Near had almost no taste at all, not the usual salt-taste of skin but just blandness with perhaps a slight milkiness, like the milky smell of newborn infants. Near was hardening rapidly in his mouth, but it was easy to suck his length; he was perhaps a bit smaller than medium-sized.

Near was eerily silent during the procedure. There were no pants or moans, not even tiny ones, just Near staring at him with a strange, unreadable expression, something almost completely blank and serene, yet oddly intense at the same time, with perhaps a hint of amusement. Near placed a finger on his bottom lip in a gesture exactly like what Gevanni had seen L do in the video. And those eyes, those round, very black eyes, they felt like they were almost ready to devour Gevanni, to suck out his soul, but... not yet. They were merely stalking, getting into position, considering the worth of their prey. Those eyes were sated on L, full of L, they didn't need to devour another person, not yet, so they merely observed, satisfied to wait, to gather information and process it. Gevanni looked back at those eyes, feeling hypnotized and trapped, and continued to slurp and suck hungrily at the bland fleshy treat presented before him.

Then, Gevanni received a shock big enough that he faltered in his rhythm for a moment. Near had used his feet to pull his pajama bottoms completely off, and then he lifted both of his feet to his mouth at once, turning his head to one side and then the other, licking each foot in turn until both of them were glistening all over with a thick coat of saliva.

Then those feet reached down, under Gevanni's stomach, and as deftly as if they were hands, they unfastened his buckle and removed his belt, then unbuttoned his trousers, unzipped the zipper and yanked both trousers and underwear down. Then those clammy, slippery feet grabbed Gevanni's erection and began pumping, as skillful as any hand job. Gevanni groaned from the attention, the sure, firm strokes, and he continued to mouth Near's penis as Near's toes did devilish things, curling and grasping and prodding in complex patterns, teasing Gevanni to greater arousal and then answering that arousal with slippery squeezes.

Near could squeeze his feet together hard, so the slit between them felt very much like a vagina as he thrust over and over, or he could let the toes trail along the sides of Gevanni's erection lazily, stirring fire with each touch, only to grab the head of Gevanni's penis hard between his abnormally long big toes and give it a weird kind of pinch that created an explosion of pleasure, not quite painful, almost too much stimulation at once. Gevanni was wildly aroused, certainly faltering in his rhythm, getting erratic. It was hard to concentrate. Gevanni's mind was filled with Near's talented feet, like monkey feet. Every bit of him was so strange and unsettling.

Gevanni had a mindless, burning need then, a need to insert himself into Near and fuck him senseless, to keep slamming into him and pleasuring him until he actually broke his eerie silence and made a sound. But, instead, he reached out to one of Near's robot toys and very deliberately broke a leg off. As Gevanni drew his hand back, watching a look of insane rage come into Near's face, he had no idea why he'd done that. Near let out a little choked cry, and his feet stopped massaging Gevanni's penis.

In a voice that sounded more child-like than ever, Near said, "Next time you want me to fuck you up the ass, just ask."

Then, in a quick monkey-like movement that was both graceful and somehow wrong, horror-movie wrong, Near slipped out from under Gevanni and was suddenly behind him. Gevanni felt wet, clammy fingers, tiny child fingers, probing his entrance. For some reason they made him think of spiders; pale, bleached spiders startled from some dark hiding place and scurrying across the floor.

Near said, "I am not very large, so I think I can enter now."

And, suddenly, Gevanni felt it being pressed to his entrance, that wet, tasteless thing he'd been sucking for so long. A kind of adrenaline-charged revulsion started in his gut and spread outward to his entire body, but, fuck, it was turning him on, and he was harder than ever. Gevanni... liked being scared by Near. He liked feeling that he'd somehow underestimated the teenager, that Near was dangerous.

And then, Near was pressing inside, inserting himself completely, and it was only a bit painful. Gevanni rocked back and forth on his knees, pushing backwards into Near's thrusts, intensifying them. In each movement, there was pain, then a sharp, pleasant jolt of pleasure, and then the backstroke was a kind of delicious friction with mere hints of pain, but gradually the pain was getting less as Gevanni relaxed. He had a kind of languid, limp feeling inside now, but in front, his erection was anything but limp. Gevanni began moaning in pleasure. He could feel knots of fire coiling in his groin. Near reached around with those hands like pale spiders and began stroking Gevanni. The touch made him shudder. Near's hands were as talented as his feet, and they worked relentlessly in complex patterns, slowly but surely increasing the level of stimulation.

Near said, "This is better, when I can't see your face."

Gevanni could feel Near's stomach against his lower back, and then Near lay down more fully as he continued to thrust himself inside over and over and fondle Gevanni's erection. Near's hot breath was leaking through the fabric of Gevanni's shirt on his upper back. Somehow, it seemed odd that his breath should have heat. Gevanni almost expected Near to have no temperature at all.

And then Near said, in that ultra-calm tone of his, "I will make you come, Mr. Gevanni, at the same time as myself."

Gevanni gasped in shock at how tight, how very tight, he was now being held in Near's pale clammy fingers as they slid fiercely, almost angrily, up and down his shaft. At the same time, Near's penis began thrusting harder and deeper inside and some of the pain returned, but accompanied with twice as much pleasure. Gevanni instinctively bore down on Near's hardness.

The boy was manipulating him so precisely, so intelligently, as if he knew exactly how to provoke each response, each feeling, and it had all been planned out in advance. Every slightest thing Near did brought Gevanni closer and closer to that white-hot edge of pleasure. He felt like he was going insane, and was dimly aware he was shouting things such as "harder" and "fuck me" but the only thing his mind could contain was the intense rising pleasure, building and building, until suddenly it all spewed out, and Gevanni was releasing into those little spider hands, his seed dripping down onto the floor. True to his word, Near came at exactly the same moment, a sudden flood of warm liquid inside Gevanni. Through the entire procedure, Near only made one quiet gasp at his very peak.

Then, it was all over very quickly. Near didn't want to cuddle. Instead, he ordered Gevanni around like a servant, making him get tissues and clean everything up and pick up the dice and to absolutely make sure a duplicate toy robot would be obtained by morning to replace the broken one. Still, even among the mundane chores, the surreal feeling lingered. Those eyes, those soul-sucking eyes, followed Gevanni everywhere, and he felt those eyes had developed some sort of attachment to him. They weren't devouring him. No, they would wait. But, now, Gevanni was on a leash, on a chain. Those eyes would always have the option of pulling him in and consuming him, whenever they wished.