I lay on the bed naked. My cock was hard and my hand was down at my ass and my fingers were teasing with my asshole.
"I want you in here" I purred
And I slid my first finger into my lubricated ass. I gasped and savored the sensation as it slid all the way into me smoothly. My cock twitched and with a sigh I pulled my finger out and re-entered with two. I was hot and horny. I had been waiting all day for my lover to return and now she was standing in the doorway of our room and I wanted her - I had enough of stroking my cock and fantasizing about her fucking me.
I spread my legs so she could see me finger fucking myself and went for it, imaging it was her cock instead. My moaning reached her and she bit her lower lip very slowly and I saw her stroke her crotch.
She reached under her skirt and adjusted her panties so her cock was freed of its constraints, but still I could see, before her skirt fell down to be ridiculously tented, caged within her black lace panties. She was always best when caught like this - faced by a heaving mass of sexual need needing some hard passionate fucking she always met my need with equal ferocity and lust.
I had lived with Carla for a year now, and met her 6 months before. We lived on the same floor in a block of flats in London, and she had caught my eye, and I had evidently caught hers. She was short and very cute - perfect short black bobbed hair that framed her classically beautiful face with large round bambi eyes and full lips. Her body was curvaceous, and promised much.
It was only after two dates that I ended up at her flat and she gave me the first of many blowjobs - after much foreplay. She had set the now understandable ground rules that she led the pace and I, young and Impressionable, had honored that. I left elated and could barely wait to see her again
The next date her attention began to include my ass, initially subtle touches and licks that could just be mistakes, but I was excited and intrigued and if I had found someone who had no issues with my ass I wasn't going to stop them - and so I moved my body and moaned when she touched down there and soon I was getting fully rimmed and then as she sucked me off she was finger fucking me. She was good, and I was obviously wired for it, because I disappeared off this planet and became someone else, someone whose only goal was to have their ass filled with her fingers. I orgasmed like I never had before - a full body orgasm - a little death and by that time I didn't care that she wasn't sucking my cock any more - I came without it.
As I lay shuddering on the bed she came alongside me and held me, stroking my head. Eventually when I had returned to earth I looked imploring at her and begged "this doesn't make me weird does it"
She laughed and said "not at all. I can see we are going to have a lot of fun together my sweet. I am going to make you very happy"
Emboldened by what she said I offered to give her pleasure and she demurred and said next time baby whilst she slid her hand down to my ass and gently toyed with it
The following night we met for a date. I was buzzing with the promise of another blowjob - well really anal orgasm - and to get to do things to her. We met in a bar and she looked radiant. She was wearing a short summer dress, modest heels and a loose t-shirt that plunged at the neck exposing the top of her breasts. Her lips were deep red and her hair glossy and smooth. All the men?s eyes followed her. We only had one drink - our sexual chemistry lured us back to her home quickly with no pretext. We got back, touching each other, my hand running up her skirt and being pushed down and we drank a deep kiss at her door. She was an aggressive kisser and her tongue pushed deep into my mouth as if she wanted to consume me. I was not used to this - normally I would lead - but hey it turned me on. I wanted this women and I wanted her to control me.
Inside we tore off each other?s t-shirts and her breasts fell free. Wow I thought, I've going to get all access. I began stroking and kissing her breasts and her hands stroked my back occasionally caressing my buttocks - gently but firmly reminding me of where they had been the night before. I pushed back against her hand indicating I wanted that.
Our mouths connect and we kissed deeply and moved to the couch. She pushed me down, and lay next to me and we continued kissing her tongue pushing deep into me. I was hard and pressing against my jeans as her hand found my bulge and squeezed it tightly. I began to smooth my hands over her legs, moving higher towards my target. She paused, and then leant back and spread her legs. My hand glided upwards and I stroked her inner thighs, gently circling until I reached her panties - a delicious satin feeling. She was moaning with anticipation and then I pushed up. It was strange and I hesitated. She stopped, looked me in the eyes and said, "yes it is. try it. I think you will like it"
I began to trace her cock through her panties. I was horny caught up and I got a thrill from this. I couldn't tell how hard it was at first - but it felt good, some powerful creature contained in satin. It seemed to be growing and she reached down and lifted her skirt and reaching for her panties said - do you want to see? I nodded my assent.
She stood up and dropped her skirt. Her black satin panties were tented by her semi erect cock and one of her balls hung outside. she looked magnificent. She turned around, showing me her smooth rounded arse, with her g-string dividing it cutely. She wiggled her ass and her hand was clearly stroking her cock in front, then after a minute or so of this she turned around with her cock swinging, panties hooked to one side and her balls hanging low. It was an awesome sight - her cock was large and proud and her balls thick and creamy. I gasped.
She smiled - you like what you see? she said, and then she approached me and sat down on the side of the couch. She took one of my hands and guided it to her cock, and wrapping my fingers around it, she began to stroke herself, pulling my hand up and down with it. She really got into it, leaning back and letting her hips thrust with the strokes. Then she gradually loosened her grip and I, momentarily lost, tighten my grip and carried on the stroking. It was a lovely feeling as my hand slid up and down her hard cock.
I was captivated, and even stopped stroking her to feel her balls. It was lovely to feel them - so big and heavy in my hands. Breaking the rhythm caused her to recollect herself and she leaned forward and gave me a deep passionate kiss, whilst reattaching my hand to her cock. As her kiss continued, I found myself more keen to please her and increased my speed on her cock.
She leant away from me and smiled. Hello she said as her hand caressed my face and head. Then she stood up and moved me so she could take off my jeans - thank god my cock was as hard as its ever been and it needed the room. She stroked it a couple of times then got me to lie down and lay next to me. Quickly she had both our cocks in her hand rubbing against each other. Our pre-cum mixed and we pushed our hard cocks together. Looking me in the eye she began to slide her hand up and down. It was incredible - although a bit disconcerting to realize her cock was wider and longer than mine. I leaned in hungry for her, and we began to kiss, her free arm encircling my head and neck, pulling me into her embrace.
We kissed and rubbed like this for ages, her soft sighs mixing with my moans of enjoyment. After a while, I noticed her hand leave our cocks - it didn?t matter we were sandwiched between each other - and she began to explore my ass. "Trust me" she whispered in my ear, and then grasped my leg and pulled it over her body, exposing my ass more. Her hand quickly shifted back and began to lightly brush my hole.
I picked up my thrusting against her cock in my anticipation and I think I heard her chuckle kindly. Her finger pressed against me and I pushed back and felt the pressure increase on my hole. This continued for a while, her fingers pressure ebbing and flowing, pushing in different directions, all divine and then on one push back she pushed her finger out straight and she entered me. Kissing me still, she took control and stopped me moving and her finger explored me, curling inside me and then moving up and down. I was almost rigid with the intensity of the experience, and was only shaken back into organic life as her finger left then two entered.
This was too much, and with her tongue deep inside me passionately dominating my mouth, her fingers pushing into my ass and my cock rubbing against her hard cock, I exploded in one juddering climax, calling out a guttural sound.
My body relaxed and she kissed me softly on the lips, slowing her fingers to a gentle throb inside me. God you are hot she said, and kissed me again. I moaned and gently rotated me ass, doubling the sensations.
I think I dozed off for a while following such an intense orgasm, and came too lying on the sofa, covered in a blanket, and I could hear the shower running. I felt dislocated, aroused and disappointed that she wasn't there. My ass was buzzing, I could feel it had been used and it still felt good, if wrong.
All I could do was lie there, enjoying the feeling - slightly otherworldly- of what I had just experienced, and listen to the water coursing from the shower change as her body shifted under its strong flow. I imagined her full breasts sparkling as the water droplets slid along her smooth tanned skin and her hands caressing them, shifting the weight around as she smoothed soap over them, playing with her nipples as they did, and then my mind moved to her hard proud cock and smooth bulbous balls and I shuddered with raw desire.
Trapped in this world of possibilities time barely moved as I dreamt of what she was and I was only interrupted from my absent minded lusts when the shower abruptly cut off, and I heard her drying her self. I started to try and rise and was struggling to a sitting position, the blanket covering my hard cock as she walked in and brightly announced herself "hello lover' and bent over to kiss my lips. I was horny and hungrily opened my mouth to receive her kiss. She giggled a beautiful girlish sound, and put her finger over my lips. Pressing it onto me she told me to be patient.
She stepped back and said, 'you've had your run, now it?s my turn, and I want you to suck my cock'. Her towel was draped over her waist loosely, her breasts hanging free. I murmured my assent and she thrust her hips forward so the material from the towel was rubbing against my face. I could feel her hard cock beneath it, and tried to engulf it my mouth through the material, which was hard. She ground it against my face and then let go of the towel, which swung down so it was just held by her cock. My hand hesitantly lifted and began to draw it away until her cock, freed, bounced up in all its magnificence and lay level with my mouth. I leant forward and kissed it. Then licked it, whilst my hand now reached and grasped the heavy sacks between her legs, stroking them as the weight in my hand ebbed and flowed.
She moaned, and it compelled me to open my mouth and take her glistening head into my mouth. Time stood still as my mouth accommodated her and I tentatively sucked it.
Her cock was warm in my mouth and tasted clean and fleshy. I tentatively slid it further in, and found my mouth stretching slightly to accommodate her. her hand rested gently on my head, stroking my hair slowly and kindly guiding me further onto her cock. I raised my hand from her heavy balls and grasped the base of her cock, protecting me from its full length and began to rock my head back and forth on the first 3-4 inches. My mouth began to produce saliva and I closed my eyes to concentrate
"oh no my lover. you need to look into my eyes"
and she reached under my chin and tilted my head upwards. I had to drop off the couch onto my knees so I could comfortably do this, and I began to suck again gazing into her face and eyes. Her eyes implored me to suck her deeper into my mouth, to give her pleasure and gave me instant feedback on how well I was doing. It was intense and I felt so keen to serve her, give her pleasure and I began to moan as her cock slid in and out of my mouth. She licked her lips and bent down, her cock pulling away from my mouth, and as I lent forward to keep it close, she grasped my head and tilted it up so she could kiss me. her lips opened up my mouth and her tongue delved deep inside it and I gave it up to her and let her enter me deeply, my body stretching up to let her reach deeper inside. I was hers.
The kiss carried on for a long while, and then she drew back, kissed me firmly on the lips and with a girlish giggle, pulled my head into position and with a smooth thrust straightened up and her cock pushed back into my mouth, but alarmingly deep. She stopped just as I went rigid with fear, and pulled out. Then back in again. I was out of control, and her cock thrust back and forth, right to the point where my throat began to spasm, and over a few minutes I realized I was making a strangled gulping sound each time she was inside me. It was right on the edge of what I could bear, and she took it further by halting at her deepest thrust and then releasing her grip on my head just enough that I could move back and forth on her cock. I wanted her cock, that much I knew, but I wanted it easier than the face fucking, so I tried so hard to give her great head - I didn't want it out of my mouth
After a while she pulled her cock back from me, and I think I pouted in disappointment. She laughed
" you aren't finished yet baby, but you need a lot of practice - I love being deep-throated, and I think we are going to spend a lot of time together for you to perfect that'
With that she sat on the couch, lifting one foot so it was on the couch next to her, tilting her hard cock over the opposite hip. Leaning back into the couch she beckoned to me, and I lay on the couch next to her and whilst I grasped her thick cock and stroked it I leant in and kissed her. she kissed me with the passion I could feel pulsing through her hard pole and then, as my hunger for her cock grew, fed by her passionate kissing, I moved my head on her belly so her cock slid comfortably into my mouth. her hand rested on the side of my face, holding my head in position and then as I began to move my head back and forth sucking on her hard thick cock, she began to gently rock her hips. This had a different pace to before and was much more consensual and safe, and I began to enjoy her cock properly and took her deeper and could test how far I could take her.
As I was focused on this, I felt her hand leave my head and drift down my back to my ass and begin to tease it. her fingers slipped inside me and began to gently fuck me. I rocked back and forth against her finger fucking willingly taking her cock further into my mouth, sucking it harder and more intently.
Her cock began to swell, but I hardly noticed that as I thrust back and forth like a crazed animal and then her legs began to stiffen, and her moans became louder and rawer, and then her come erupted out of her cock into my mouth, jetting deep into my throat. I was barely prepared for the assault and became to splutter and swallow the warm juices coating my throat and tongue. Her hips juddered and then calmed, and I got to slowly suck her now sensitive cock and capture the rest of her come. I began to gently suck her cock, in what later I would reflect on as a languid manner, enjoying the size and girth of her cock as it pulled in and out of my mouth. I sucked on the head tightly and felt her stiffen and then instinctively she pulled my head from her cock, scrunching her cock as far back as she could from me
"oh stop you little devil. that?s enough" she gasped, and then she stroked my face and head tenderly and pulled me up for a deep kiss.
"If only you hadn't swallowed it, we could have shared it" she mused coquettishly and patted my ass. "Now that was sweet my darling - I think you will give me a lot of pleasure. I hope you enjoyed it?"
"Aha" I murmured becoming aware that I had come too onto her couch, and I bent down and kissed the head of her cock tenderly. And then like a little slut I looked at her "its so big, your cock, so lovely" and I pouted again.
She laughed kindly. "Its not bad is it? I've seen bigger, but I like
mine. I'm sure you are wondering, so I'll spare you asking - its 9 inches long, and its thick baby. I will fuck you in the ass with it lots, but you aren't ready yet - I want your first time to be wonderful"
I could only look at her mutely as she contemplated this. She scared me not just with the physical implications of her musings, but also with the question that hadn't really troubled me until now - I guess I had been otherwise occupied. What did this mean about my sexuality? She looked at my face intently, and seemed to read my mind.
"Don't worry baby. Gender and sexuality is a journey for everyone - I should know. You are finding out a lot about yourself quickly. I promise you, you won't do anything you really don't want to do. You shouldn't worry about your ass and being turned on about that - all men have a prostrate and its wired down there for pleasure - truly! Explore it, and embrace it. I have and you won't regret it - it?s the only way to experience deep orgasms"
I murmured something - too afraid to speak really, I didn't know what I would give away about myself. She stroked my head again and kissed me on the lips, more chastely now.
"Most things in life are on a spectrum. Straight or gay, top or bottom, dominant or submissive - we all have the capacity to be both, and we all are. You are finding out a bit more about your calibration"
I muttered something vague about how I understood what she was trying to say. She kissed me again, more deeply. I felt my fear subside slightly. She leant back, holding my face in both hands
"I hope you have enjoyed what we have done, and don't have any regrets. I want to spend lots more time with you. Lots. I can show you things you have never imagined, and we can have lots of fun. But only how and when you want. You can trust me"
I paused and she looked searchingly at me. I didn't know what to say, so I leant in and kissed her strongly on the lips. We stayed like this, me in her arms, lying on the couch kissing and stroking each other for another hour, until I had to go to the bathroom. She followed me and spanked me on the ass as I went in. "ill fix us some food lover"
We ate a lot in her kitchen. I was hungry. And horny. This wasn't helped by the short silk dressing gown she wore, that kept revealing her breasts or groin, her cock swinging low and heavy. We talked, but less intimately, more about her history than what I wanted. She was frank and open. And seductive, telling me about her sexual awakening and her sexuality. And then when we retired to her longue with some wine, she sat next to me on the couch. She leaned into me and began to talk, whilst stroking my body and my crotch.
" As you may have guessed I am more inclined to be dominant, and more so than you, I think. I love fucking and giving pleasure and I like doing it a lot. If you let me have my way with you, I will fuck you alot and you will come to love my cock and it filling your mouth or your ass. I know how to fuck a man, as I have been fucked and know what feels good but I am going to make this gentle on you - it will take a while for your ass to get used to me, and so before I take your virginity, I am going to show you how good it can feel using some toys until you are ready. And I am going to let you fuck me. But here's the deal - once you have fucked me, you can only fuck me again when you can take my cock like I will take yours inside me. And believe me that will be sometime"  
She had tapped into some submissive core inside me. I was so turned on being talked to - no, told to - like that, and I felt my lips soften and fill, my mouth became moist with saliva and my lower lip jutted out slightly. She smiled and kissed me, gently then harder.
She broke off the kiss and drained her wine glass, stood up and took my hand. Her cock was semi erect and pushing out of her dressing gown. "Come on" she said " lets go next door and you can fuck me"