It’s strange, waking up to the sound of laughter. Especially this type of laughter—high and free and with the slight shrillness that always edges children’s voices. The cougar is already awake, listening with the mingled amusement and annoyance with which the very old always seem to view the very young.

How long have you been up? Sam asks as he rolls over to pull Dean in close to his side. And then, when his hand encounters only empty bed, adds, Where’s Dean?

He doesn’t ask how long Dean has been up: the lack of even the faintest remnants of warmth on the mattress tells him it’s been a while.

::The cubs woke me some time ago,:: the cougar replies, answering the questions in order. ::And I do not know where Deanmate has gone. He was not here when I woke.::

Sam sighs, rubbing his face with one hand as he sits up. “Do you know if he slept at all?”

::He was still on watch when I slept.::

‘On watch’ is a good way to put it, Sam thinks humorlessly as he gets up. Dean hasn’t relaxed since they finished the new housing complexes and everyone moved their families in. One single, unseasonably chill April weekend and their numbers swelled from a manageable twenty to an unruly sixty-five, not including all of the cats and dogs (and one cockatiel) that are suddenly leaving trace scents everywhere Sam turns.

The added pressure of so many people in close proximity is part of what’s bothering Dean—Sam knows because he feels it himself after having spent five years alone with his mate. Oh, they moved through the human world plenty—hunting, gathering supplies, brushing up against lives as they went—but it seems there’s a difference between slinking unnoticed through the world and actually living in it.

Dean in particular isn’t comfortable with so many people living with instead of around him—not yet, anyway. Sam and the cougar are both hopeful that Dean’s natural love of socializing will bring him back out of his shell once he gets used to his new living arrangements, though, and Sam saw some marked improvements in his brother over the winter.

But that was before the children came.

There are fifteen of them, ranging in age from a sweet four months (Eli and Nellie Parks’ baby girl, Eileen) to seventeen and chomping at the bit (Rachel and Zeke Brewer’s son, Max). The Bells are responsible for almost half of that count: Reggie brought his four boys and his sister, Carla, had two boys of her own from a previous marriage, plus a single girl with her current husband, John.

Dean took one look at all those young, innocent faces and went into guard dog mode. For the past month, he’s been pushing himself even harder than usual—running double perimeter checks on the property, heading further and further out from the farmhouse to do them. He’s restless even when he has just returned, constantly scenting the air and starting at any loud, sudden noises. These days, Sam has to be content with pressuring his mate into bed for a few measly hours a night, and even then he isn't sure how much sleep Dean is actually getting.

Not much, judging from the sluggish scent of exhaustion that continually hovers around him.

Even more telling, Dean has put away his gun and loaded himself down with knives (at his waist, in his boot, strapped secretly to the inside of his forearm). Dean has never liked using blades—Before because closing with their quarry was too risky, After because it was too vivid a reminder of night spent beneath the glaring Arena lights—but Dad always drilled into both their heads that guns are too risky around kids. There's too much potential for a small, fragile body to take on friendly fire in a gunfight.

If he doesn’t get some real rest soon, he’s going to collapse, Sam thinks as he hurriedly dresses. The cougar sends a throb of agreement and then, hesitantly, a suggestion of just how they can grant their mate a brief respite from his incessant worries.

Sam pauses with his jeans around his knees. You really think that will work?

The cougar’s chuffing laugh is the only response he receives and he grins wryly as he finishes getting his jeans on.

“Yeah, okay,” he murmurs under his breath, thumbing the buttons closed and moving for the door. “Stupid question.”

They find Dean right where Sam knew they would: leaning with his back against a tree while he watches the younger children playing some game that involves a lot of running and yelling and laughing in the green space between the main farmhouse and the newer living complex. Some distance away, Max Brewer is doing his best to imitate Dean’s deceptively easy lean. The kid even has a knife strapped to his waist (and when his mom sees that, she’s gonna have kittens).

Sam wonders if Dean knows just how well-liked he is around here, despite his best efforts to keep his distance.

As he reaches Dean’s side, Sam nuzzles his mate’s cheek in greeting and says, “Morning.”

Dean grunts an absent response and continues scanning the surrounding area for signs of threat.

Sam lets Dean continue to do the duty he’s taken upon himself, using the opportunity to study his mate out in the bright light of day. Neither he nor the cougar likes what they see.

There are too many stress lines around Dean’s mouth. The skin beneath his eyes is shadowed from lack of sleep. And there's that increasingly familiar smell lingering beneath the fresher scent of the shower they took last night—the faded smudge of weariness that clings to Dean like a second skin.

“I was going to do a perimeter run,” Sam says. “Want to come?”

“You can handle it,” Dean answers, stiffening as one of the kids trips and goes down. The boy is up in the next moment, though, and as Dean grudgingly relaxes again, Sam decides he isn’t taking no for an answer.

“Two noses are better than one,” he says, and when Dean starts to give him a dismissive shrug, he adds, “Anyway, I thought I smelled something funny last time I was out and I wanted you to take a look.”

That gets him Dean’s attention the way he wants it to.

“Where?” Dean demands. Just that, but Sam knows he has him hooked.

Hiding his satisfaction behind a mask of concern, Sam answers, “I’ll show you,” and lopes away without waiting for his mate to agree.

Dean is matching him stride for stride within seconds, of course, and it doesn’t take them more than a few minutes to get far enough out from the farmhouse for all but the faintest traces of people (their people) to fade. Sam keeps moving, though—wants that smell completely gone before they stop. It’ll be easier to trick Dean into relaxing if he doesn’t have a constant reminder flooding his senses.

The path Sam takes leads them away and up, into the hillier part of their property. It's beautiful territory, but more importantly there’s wolf-scent here, which Sam knows Geri finds comforting—relax one half of a bonded pair, and you're well on your way to relaxing the other.

Finally, in a wooded glen where the banks of a slow, shallow stream are carpeted with grass and dotted with pale blue wildflowers, Sam stops. Dean wasn't expecting the halt and overshoots him, leaping the stream before turning and padding back over, his golden eyes gleaming in the light and his head up as he scents the air. He has one hand on the knife at his waist, his posture wary and defensive, and Sam realizes that there’s more reason than just Dean's health to tug his mate back from Defcon 1.

It’s too easy for Dean to snap when he’s wound this tight, and if the wrong person got hurt (killed), Dean would never forgive himself.

“Here?” Dean demands as he scans the surrounding woods. “I don’t smell anything.”

Before he can figure out that this entire expedition was nothing more than a ruse, the cougar slips forward, seizes control of Sam’s body, and pounces.

They have Dean on his back in the grass in a heartbeat, and thanks to a quick warning on Sam’s part, the cougar is able to pin Dean’s hand to his side before he's cleared his knife from its sheath. They would have healed from what was bound to be a wild slash, sure, but it wouldn’t have been a pleasant way to start this intervention.

“What the fuck, man?” Dean spits when he has his breath back. “Get off me.”

Still hanging on tightly to Dean’s knife hand—it's only prudent; Dean hasn't let go of the hilt either—the cougar noses at the corner of their mate's jaw and breathes in the scent it finds there. The weariness is almost unnoticeable at present, buried under the lemon-sharp edge of adrenaline and the biting, pepper scent of anger. But there’s also, very faintly, a curl of cinnamon-lightning musk.

Arousal.

“I’m serious,” Dean growls, struggling. “We don’t have time for—”

The cougar bites down on the side of his throat and the musk-scent spikes, flooding up and over the anger and mingling with the adrenaline to form a different scent entirely. Something low and warm and pulsing that coils in Sam's groin like heat.

Dean’s legs ease open, letting Sam’s body drop down more heavily on top of him and pushing their erections together.

::Your turn,:: the cougar purrs, retreating to leave Sam in control.

Sam doesn't have to be told twice, immediately licking the flesh he finds in his mouth before biting down more firmly and sucking a bruise into his mate’s soft skin.

“We—” Dean says breathlessly. “Sam, we should—”

Sam releases his mate’s throat and then uses his nose to nudge Dean’s face to the side and up, revealing a longer, bared line of skin. As Dean swallows, Sam bites down again and drives a tiny, choked noise from his mate.

“Sammy,” Dean manages, throat jumping as Sam works over another patch of skin. It isn’t quite surrender, but Sam can smell his mate’s willpower crumbling in the force of desire. Taking a chance, he uncurls Dean’s fingers from where they’re locked around the knife handle and then draws his mate's hand up above his head.

When he lifts up to assess Dean's expression, Sam finds his mate flushed. Dean's eyes are scrunched shut—less in avoidance, Sam judges, than in an attempt to focus on the sensations running through his body. Sure enough, now that Sam has stopped sucking on his throat, Dean’s eyes flutter open. It takes him a few tries to focus on Sam’s face, but when Sam is certain he has his mate’s undivided attention, he finds Dean’s other hand and brings it up to join the first.

Dean swallows, blinking, and lets him.

“Stay there,” Sam orders, letting his own arousal color his voice.

Dean’s scent spikes in a distracting way as he struggles with his response to that command and then eases again as he relaxes beneath Sam. “You gonna do all the work, Sammy?” he asks, both tone and scent teasing. He’s still thinking about the kids at the back of his head, Sam can tell, but he’s at least on board with scratching the itch before returning to active duty. Which is a start.

“Gonna strip you,” Sam answers. “Want to see all that gorgeous skin when I blow you.”

Predictably, Dean’s face lights up at the promise of a blowjob. It’s puppyish enough of an expression that Sam isn’t sure if it’s Geri or Dean peering out at him right now (the wolf’s just as insatiable as Dean when it comes to the simpler pleasures in life), but the roll of his mate’s hips is all Dean.

“What the fuck are you waiting for?” Dean demands, and Sam takes the hint and goes to work.

He removes Dean’s boots first, careful of the knife tucked into the right one, and then peels off his socks. Dean immediately rubs both feet against the grass, curling his toes into it in a way that reminds Sam of how long it’s been since they took a barefoot run. Dean always used to like those, when they could find time, and Sam adds the activity to the list of things they’re doing before he lets Dean head back to the farmhouse.

The knife at Dean’s waist comes off next, laid aside with a careful eye for Dean’s state of mind. Dean doesn’t seem to notice or care about the loss, but then again he still has the arm-sheath, and Sam finds himself worrying about that final step while he undoes his mate’s pants and pulls them off.

“Commando, huh?” he jokes, running a hand up the inside of Dean’s thigh.

Dean grins down at him, easy and unashamed of the freed erection curling up toward the sky. It's a good day, then.

“It was this or fish something out of the laundry basket.”

“Cause god forbid you actually do laundry,” Sam can’t help answering, and then nips lightly and teasingly at the head of his mate’s cock to keep him from responding.

As always, the taste and feel of Dean in his mouth is intoxicating, and Sam is briefly distracted from his goal. Pushing both hands beneath his mate’s body, he cups Dean’s ass and tilts it up, drawing more of his mate into his mouth. Above him, Dean moans. His hips give what feels like an involuntary twitch, pushing him that much deeper, and Sam responds by sucking more firmly.

Inside of Sam, the cougar purrs and stretches, enjoying the moment, but Sam forces himself to give one final, teasing lick and then pulls off. Ignoring both the demanding thrust of his mate's hips and the cougar’s disappointment, he grips the bottom hems of Dean’s shirts (both button-down and tee) with one hand and crawls up his mate’s body.

“What’s the hold up?” Dean pants, looking down as Sam moves up to meet him.

“I told you,” Sam answers, working both shirts up the length of Dean's torso at the same time. “I want you naked.”

He gets the shirts up far enough to entangle Dean's arms where they’re stretched above his head, effectively blindfolding his mate when Dean's t-shirt collar catches on the underside of his nose, and then pauses for a kiss. By now, Sam has more than come to grips with Dean’s fascination with kissing, so he isn’t surprised when Dean not only opens for him, but leans up and tries to chase his lips as he pulls away.

“Nuh uh,” he scolds, still holding the shirt with one hand while using the other to shove his mate back down against the tall grass. “No moving, remember?”

“Anyone ever told you you’re a cocktease?” Dean mutters, sounding both cross and petulant. And then in a completely different tone, he whines, “Want more. Now. Please?”

The way Dean’s jaw clenches when he shuts his mouth tells Sam that his mate isn’t thrilled with Geri’s complete and utter lack of dignity when it comes to begging. Laughing softly, Sam leans down and gives them both a second, quicker kiss, and then finishes working the shirts off.

Dean is almost completely nude now, lying there exposed with his arms above his head. Almost. But Sam postpones finishing the job, instead taking a few minutes to make out with his mate the way he knows Dean loves. Slow, deep kisses that draw the seconds out into hours and ignite the air caught between them. Tender presses of his lips, light swipes of his tongue that slowly begin to probe deeper around Dean's moans.

Tracing Dean's lips with his tongue in an effort to encourage his mate's mouth to open wider, Sam carefully works his right hand between their bodies and strokes Dean's sensitive stomach and erect cock with teasing caresses designed to leave Dean frantic for more. It's not completely misdirection—Dean is goddamned gorgeous like this—but Sam would be lying if he claimed not to have an ulterior motive for stirring his mate into a mindless frenzy.

When he senses that both halves of his mate are completely wrapped up in what he’s doing, Sam reaches up with his left hand to unbuckle Dean's wrist sheath. He has the soft leather sheath almost completely off before his mate realizes what’s happening and stiffens. Gripping Sam’s wrist with his left hand, Dean starts to draw his right away.

“Shh,” Sam says, breaking their kiss. “It’s okay. Just you and me here. It’s okay.”

Dean hesitates at that, but it still takes a couple of minutes for him to release Sam’s wrist and relax more firmly against the ground. Sam doesn’t press his luck, quickly working the last buckle open and pulling the sheath—knife and all—away from his brother’s skin. Dean gives a slight, almost imperceptible shudder at the loss, but he doesn’t protest, and when Sam sits up and moves back so that he can take in the entire picture, Dean lies there and lets Sam look.

There are the usual scars, of course—most of them from Before, wounds Sam remembers stitching shut with his own hands. Sam isn’t interested in those right now, though, and he looks past them to enjoy the sunlight warming and highlighting Dean’s muscles—the curve of his hipbones, the dip of his belly and slightly-bowed line of his legs. He watches the way the sun catches and collects in Dean’s hair, leaving it almost golden—an illusion helped by the fact that Dean’s been spending most of his free time outside and is sporting lighter hair because of it. He takes in the gleam of his mate’s sensual mouth, the arch of his cheekbones and lazy flutter of his lashes.

And then, the same way he always does when he has the time and the leisure to look, he studies the smattering of freckles brushed across Dean’s skin. They’re more noticeable than ever before where they dot his cheeks and the bridge of his nose, with Dean so tanned from his time outside. His chest and legs are still pale, of course, but the ginko leaf is clear enough, and Sam finds his own breath speeding as he stares at that spray of freckles just above his mate’s left nipple.

Eventually, just like he always does, Dean grows uncomfortable with the scrutiny and peevishly demands, “You gonna stare all day or are you gonna get over here and suck me?”

Sam privately thinks that he’d be content to stare until the sun goes down, and then take Dean naked in the moonlight, but he knows Dean won’t wait that long. The cougar isn’t that patient either—not with Dean’s needy, aroused musk filling the air—and Sam moves in without speaking. He does steal a moment to lick and bite at the ginko pattern first, but then it’s back between his mate’s legs where he can bend close and do what they all want him to.

When it comes to blowjobs, Dean has two gears—get Sam off as quickly as possible, or get him hard as quickly as possible. Sam knows that his mate is capable of more—there’s too much skill in the way Dean's tongue moves over Sam’s cock: too much ease in the way he sometimes takes Sam all the way down into his throat—but he also knows how Dean became so capable and understands why this isn’t his favorite activity.

Sam, though—Sam’s discovered that when it comes to blowjobs, he’s an equal opportunity giver. He likes the way Dean feels in his mouth; loves how wanton and loose Dean gets when Sam works him over like this. Sometimes, fast and dirty is the right speed—with Dean grabbing at his hair (not pulling or directing, Dean wouldn’t do that) and hanging on for dear life until he comes with a shout. Other times, though—like today—Sam’s impulses call for a change of pace.

So he sucks lightly on the tip of his mate’s cock. He gives short little licks to the underside of Dean’s length before abandoning his cock altogether to nuzzle and mouth at his balls. He brings Dean deep into his mouth—not quite deep throating, since he hasn’t been able to learn the trick, but coming close—and then pulls off completely and leaves Dean’s cock twitching and wet in the sunlight.

Dean curses him, of course, but Sam’s efforts aren’t quite teasing enough for him to call a halt or take matters into his own hands. Sam is careful to keep his mate aroused without bringing him close enough to orgasm for the denial of a climax to be painful; keeps a close eye on Dean's scent for cues, as well as watching the twitch and flex of his body.

Sam's own cock is hard in his jeans, and leaking a little, and he eventually spares the hand he’s been using to massage Dean’s balls when his mouth is busy elsewhere to open his pants and pull his erection out. The breeze hits his wet slit and makes his cock jump, and Sam cups it protectively, stroking himself lightly to keep his own libido in step with his mate’s.

He keeps them both there for what feels like hours, lazy and languid with the knowledge that everyone can get on without them for a day or so. Besides, Dean’s going to need to be worn out as possible in order for the next phase of the cougar’s plan to work.

Finally, when Sam can feel his own orgasm rolling into him with irrevocable force, he swallows his mate’s cock as deep as he can and stays there. He fondles Dean’s balls harder with his left hand while jacking himself with his right.

Dean makes a strangled noise, and his left leg kicks where it’s stretched out, and then Sam’s mouth fills with the taste of almonds as his mate comes. Taking his hand off of Dean’s tight balls, he plants it on the ground instead for balance and jacks himself harder, coming with a muffled groan himself. There’s a confusing moment where Sam doesn’t know what to do with the semen still shooting into his mouth (it’s difficult to swallow with his own orgasm slamming into him, but he doesn’t want to release Dean’s cock either), and then the cougar surges forward and takes over.

Sam has enough brainpower left to send a grateful pulse and then sinks into the sensations flooding his body. When he swims back around a few moments later, he finds the cougar licking Dean’s genitals clean. His chest is rumbling with something that almost sounds like a purr and one of Dean’s hands is clumsily patting at the back of his head.

::All is well,:: the cougar announces, and then lifts their head to look up Dean’s body.

Dean is looking back, Sam sees, although it’s a close thing because his brother’s eyelids are heavy and keep slipping shut before he forces them open again.

Let me, he thinks, switching back into control, and then moves to lie down next to his mate with his forehead pressed against Dean’s cheek.

“Love you,” he whispers, resting an arm over Dean’s chest.

Dean reaches over to caress Sam’s face in reply (he may have trouble getting the words out, but he’s pretty good at showing how he feels) and then, with a deep sigh, starts to push himself up.

Sam tightens his grip. “Not yet,” he pleads. “Can we just lie here for a few minutes? Bask in the afterglow?”

“I’mma call you Samantha,” Dean threatens, but the words are slurred and run together in a yawn as he sinks back down.

Two minutes later, his body goes completely limp as he falls asleep.

Sam gives his mate a while to sink deeper before easing away. When he gets a good look at Dean sprawled out naked and unaware against the grass, something deep in his chest warms.

He’s out like a light, he thinks.

::Sleeping like a bear,:: the cougar agrees, satisfaction tinging its voice. ::We must hide his skins now, before he wakes.::

The cougar is right, Sam knows—if Dean’s clothes are still within reach when he wakes up, he’ll be back at the farmhouse within moments, and Dean has to take a day off, no matter how angry he’ll be when he realizes Sam set him up. When they get back late tonight and nothing disastrous has happened, Dean will realize that he doesn’t have to worry so much.

But Sam is still reluctant to move from his mate’s side—too entranced by how peaceful Dean looks like this.

::We can watch when we return,:: the cougar advises, and then adds, ::You should shed your skins as well.::

It makes sense—Dean will feel less defensive if he isn’t the only one naked—and it isn’t like there’s anyone out in the woods to see them, so Sam heaves himself to his feet with a sigh and strips. Then, gathering all of their clothes into a single bundle, he jogs up the sloping hill edging the west side of the glen in search of a safe place to store them for the day.

As he bounds over a fallen tree, it strikes Sam that he’s naked out in the middle of nowhere with his brother and a couple of animal spirits, and he laughs, giving his head a disbelieving shake.

“My life is so weird,” he mutters.

Inside of him, the cougar is enjoying the wind on their naked body. It stretches at his words, contented and lazy, and checks, ::Weird is good?::

Sam grins. “Yeah,” he answers. “Weird is good.”