The lights seemed to flicker as Hermione stormed down the corridor, breezing past assistants who were already scared to death of their employers, and the very employers they were scared of, both of whom pasted themselves to the walls when she strode by. It was perhaps by coincidence that she had taken up Draco’s sense of style in the past few weeks, subtly matching his tendency to wear dark shades and pinstripes with her own tailored suits - today’s weather lent itself to a short skirt in a soft violet with matching jacket. Regardless, it helped everyone from every department and every walk of life know precisely whom it was they were dealing with, assistant or otherwise.

She had learned in a very short time that Draco was one of those who took things very personally. The wrong word uttered in regards to his father or his mother or even something he himself had done, and the blond’s very short fuse was likely even closer to explosive. Rarely did he let it show - another thing she had learned - but it was certainly there, smouldering beneath the surface.

“Well, don’t you look like a bloody bucket of cheer.”

Hermione glanced up, setting her purse down at her desk, unable to keep the pursed irritation from her face. Draco smiled down at her - an expression she wasn’t quite sure of - one hand rested against the back of her chair, neatly containing her where he wanted her. She didn’t bother thinking much of it, simply putting it off as how he was.

“Nothing to say for yourself, Miss Whisp?” She shrugged lightly, making a point of finding her ID and pinning it to her jacket - Hermione Whisp it read, an alias created to keep her away from any arising suspicion. Draco continued to smile down at her, grey eyes boring into her, willing her to speak her mind. She tried to ignore him, struggled to keep her thoughts and eyes elsewhere. It was less a matter of not wanting to speak about the break-up, but simply more that she didn’t want to discuss it with him.

It wasn’t to say that she disliked her boss. She just didn’t trust him as far as she could throw him, and she knew it was a mutual feeling. Hermione was a new face in the family, someone who hadn’t been weighed as far as weaknesses and strengths went - she was a variable that had been uncalculated.

“Of course not, sir,” she tried at first, a deflection of his suspicions as she began sorting through her paperwork - orders and notes on a number of people, both alive and dead - all of which needed to be organised and put away according to some intricate method she hadn’t yet devised. Draco seemed to have some methodology as far as things went, but it left a lot to be desired, largely due to his tendency to need to be elsewhere.

“Come now,” he replied, voice dropping to a low purr, as if the answers could be seduced right out of her. Despite his voice hinting at things that were less than appropriate, either for the immediate situation or for two people of their relative unfamiliarity, Hermione made a note that he was clearly not touching her, not crossing that boundary of the physical. He was close enough for her to feel, for her to become acutely aware of his presence beside her, but not so close as to truly make her uncomfortable.

“I hardly think my personal life would interest you in the slightest,” Hermione told him then, switching abruptly to a different tactic. Her time with Harry and Ron at their boarding school - where they had met - had done well to teach her exactly how to deal with insistent boys, how to distract them and make it sound like something was their idea, despite being controlled from the outside. A thought occurred to her then - a way to get her even closer to the family’s happenings and how they were, how they came about - and she gave him a soft, coy smile, finally seeming as though his flirting was getting through. “Though I have to ask - do you have a glass of water in that office of yours?”

He gestured for her to follow him, finally pushing away from her chair and desk to open the space up again; Hermione rose to her feet, relishing in the lack of claustrophobia she was briefly granted before shadowing him into the office she hadn’t actually seen before. It was an uninviting space, with Draco’s large desk practically pasted in the centre in such a way that you were intimidated the moment you walked in. It was dark, much darker than the rest of the offices she had seen, dark in that way that blocked out residual sunlight and opted for the fake glow of LEDs to brighten the space, hidden in pot lights kept dimmed.

It was just as seductive as Draco was.

Once the door was closed, he paused, turning back towards her with that knowing smile and piercing stare that practically glowed through the darkness; he had taken up a pen from his desk, turning it between his fingers to test the balance - it swung easily between lithe digits - before he finally spoke, breaking the uneasy silence.

“So was water your actual intention, or was this merely a ploy to get me alone?” He asked, voice low, as if he were trying to keep quiet and unheard by his colleagues. “There’s a water cooler just down the hall; you and I both know that.”

Hermione felt a small smile curve her lips; she certainly had to respect someone who had caught on that quickly to her trick. Ron would have never guessed, not until she was pressed against him, her tongue in his mouth. He never had. He wasn’t an intellectual match for her, and someone as eager for knowledge as the brunette was needed someone who encouraged her.

“No, you’re right,” she replied, feeling as though her voice were detached from her body, speaking freely without permission. Heat pooled low in her abdomen, a result of his tone of voice, the setting, the residual anger at Ron for once again forcing her hand. It seemed to be one of his hobbies lately, and with the stress of work, she simply couldn’t handle it; she had left almost immediately after breaking up with him, sleeping alone for the first time in a very long time.

“You’re right,” Hermione repeated, sighing to herself as she planted both hands on her hips. She had never been a particularly amazing liar, except in the most dire of circumstances; perhaps her luck would hold out through well-placed exaggeration. “I have to admit, sir, ever since I first learned I’d be working as your assistant, I’ve felt more than a bit...torn, shall we say, in my personal feelings. It’s hardly appropriate to take an interest in someone at your workplace, particularly your boss.” Here she looked marginally offended, the expression only half-feigned; even under normal circumstances, having a relationship with one’s boss was rather low in Hermione’s eyes. A completely unnecessary step taken likely in the direction of preferential treatment.

“Unfortunately, I may have judged too quickly,” she paused, slowly bringing her eyes up to meet his. The grey seemed to darken, the mischief in his expression growing with barely noticeable fervency in the dim lighting. “I have to admit, I have stooped to the levels of those unwilling to manually climb the ladder of success.”

If it were at all possible, his voice dropped lower yet, narrowing into a purr or a growl; his descent into animalistic tendency was obvious, even to the most untrained of eyes. To Hermione, who spent her days analysing material within an inch of its life, searching for some sign everyone else had missed to find what needed to be found, it was practically suffocating. Despite Draco’s inclinations to loom and overwhelm - or perhaps because of them - she found herself being sucked in.

“Shall I show you precisely why people unlike yourself tend to fall into the beds of their superiors, then?”

The room seemed so small at that moment, both of them moving together to press their bodies tight to one another; their mouths met awkwardly at first, in a wet kiss no one would be jealous of. The rhythm quickly evened out, Draco taking control with one hand sliding into her hair to cup the nape of her neck as his tongue slid past her lips, tasting both her lipgloss and herself, the other resting at her hip. She found herself restricted, moreso than she had ever been with Ron - with Ron, it was always her taking charge - and liking the feeling of being dominated, if even in something as simple as a kiss.

His tongue flicked against hers, drawing a gasp and a moan from her throat, her body putty in his hands. Draco took his opportunity as he saw it, steering her back towards his desk until he had her pressed between it and himself - a rock and a hard place, so to speak - with their hips grinding together in a silent promise of things to come. His mouth left hers, claiming her jawline between lightly nipping teeth, pressing lines of hot kisses down her throat, fingers of his free hand tugging at her buttons and popping them free. The more skin that was bared, the happier he seemed, the more animalistic he became, nipping blossoming marks into her pale flesh as if claiming her for his own.

Two days ago, Hermione would have felt guilt in some regard; now, not a single thought of Ron passed through her mind. She wasn’t over him by any stretch of the imagination - it was simply a needed change from the monotony of her on-and-off boyfriend of so many years.

Her jacket was on the floor before she knew it, her blouse half-open to reveal the swells of her breasts above her bra - white and lacy. Within moments, Draco’s mouth was at them, tongue laving at harsh bite marks that were sure to bruise later; he drew another moan from her, her hands scrambling up his arms to clutch and cling him tighter. He seemed to have no intention of stopping, nor of slowing down, fingers now trailing down to find the hem of her skirt, dragging it upwards to reveal as much of her bare thigh as he could. Pale fingertips continued moving, slipping easily beneath the fabric to steal along gooseflesh-ridden skin, his gentle touch tantalising and bringing forth more heat to pool between them.

Her own fingers fell between them, popping buttons on his shirt to allow herself the sensation of running her hands over his pale chest. Soft sighs and groans of bated anticipation filled the room’s silence, barely audible past the soundproofed walls of the office; Draco had been thinking once upon a time, looking towards some moment where he had his way with his secretary on his desk. Just like every good boss.

His fingers found the edge of her panties, swiftly removing them and letting them fall with her jacket; her hands tremblingly tugged open the button of his trousers, baring them both to the crisp air of the room. Hermione gave a shudder, pulling Draco closer to her. His length, already hard, pressed against her thigh, sliding between her legs to press against her most intimate parts. It drew a moan from her throat, a throat that lingered beneath the blond’s lips and teeth as he bit at her flesh again, sucking another marked blossom there. He hummed against her skin, audibly noting his satisfaction with the way things were turning out.

Hermione finally cried out as her boss thrust into her with little care for precisely how rough he was being; between the bites and the sudden deep meetings of their hips against one another, it was a wonder no one had noticed what they were doing. She clung to him as he rode her, the desk bumping and shifting with each hard thrust, her gasping cries of his name amalgamating with his soft grunts of effort, muffled faintly against her throat and breasts, to create some harmony of rough sex that was nearly tangible. Draco shifted, accommodating a new position, a new depth - he bit his lip, panting against her chest - and his secretary flattened herself back against his desk, back arching as she gasped, bringing their hips flush against each other.

It was perhaps only a matter of a few more minutes past then that Hermione’s back arched almost painfully, her body squeezing around Draco’s length as she hit her climax, each supplementary thrust milking her orgasm longer and longer and effectively rendering her a twitching mess; another moment longer and he joined her in debauched exhaustion, releasing himself deep inside her with a sharp cry. His fingers dug into her hips through her skirt, bunched up indecently, and held tight as he caught his breath and his balance, cock sliding flaccidly out.

They stayed there for what felt like ages, the clock on Draco’s desk - now lying on its side - ticked its displeasure at the sight it had beheld, counting by every passing second like a chastising note. At long last, Hermione straightened, pulling down her skirt with a slightly rattled expression not unlike one she might offer after being asked a particularly offensive question; her cheeks remained flushed, her eyes averted though Draco made the attempt to catch them as he straightened as well, tucking himself back into his trousers. She cleared her throat, drawing his attention back up to her curiously, a small smirk playing at his lips.

“Well,” she began, lips pursed largely out of embarrassment, “I suppose I ought to get back to my work.” Retrieving her discarded articles of clothing from the floor and briskly redressing herself, Hermione couldn’t help but tack a final comment on, nonchalant and curious: “This place really is unlike anywhere else I’ve worked before.”

“I can’t suppose it would be,” Draco mused, drawing out his syllables as if he had all the time in the world to speak, and all would continue listening to him until he was decidedly finished. “We do work under our own sort of rules, after all.”

“And what’re those, Mr Malfoy?” The brunette asked softly, shaking her tousled curls out - she immediately seemed more comfortable.

Draco slid closer to her again, his fingertips playing along the line of her arm through her blouse; grey eyes tracked his progress until they finally snapped up to meet hers. “You’re not a stupid girl, Miss Whisp. I’m sure you know what it is we do here.”

She replied with only silence, tipping her head back slightly as a statement of acknowledgement. There was no way that - in her position of power - she could have possibly missed the records and receipts of drug and alcohol exports and imports, shipping dockets for varying ports and warehouses around the country, and even the odd weapons file, all mixed with dossiers on a number of people. Police, both local and national included - Hermione had only been slightly surprised when she found notes made on both Harry and Ron, though admittedly scant considering they were the only ones to be so fascinated by the eradication of Riddle and his lot in a very long time.

“In order to even be here, someone had to trust you,” he mused, studying her face for some deeper level of thought; she revealed nothing. “But does that mean you’re slightly more aware than the average person?”

It was a rhetorical question, and Draco stepped away from her then, circling back around his desk to settle in his chair. “The police paints us as a bunch of miscreants; delinquents who want nothing more than anarchy - or at least to be rid of the current authority. It’s only partially true, you know.

“We don’t follow their idea of justice, no. It’s too non-specific. No, we take care of our own; we protect our own honour. We don’t fight for an abstract, an unknown like a country; we’re not patriots, and we’re not soldiers to be used. Everyone in this building is here for a reason, and that’s because they believe exactly what I’m telling you - that if someone rapes your mother or murders your brother, you should more than allowed to take matters into your own hands and blow that fucker’s head away.”

Hermione’s brows raised at the imagery evoked by Draco’s words, said with such a straight face and without a hint of emotion. She had only heard through the grapevine - through the filter of Ronald Weasley - what the family was about; she had only heard that they killed without fear, that they extorted and smuggled and murdered, never with any sign of a heart.

It wasn’t to say that they weren’t passionate - Draco disproved that very theory with the cloaked passion with which he explained everything to her. It was then that he turned to a drawer of his desk, pulling out a gun that glinted even in the dim light of his office - silver plated, with a wide barrel. Certainly, she was no expert on weaponry, but she knew from just a glimpse that it was a very dangerous piece.

“That…” Hermione paused, swallowing as she tried to put her thoughts to words: “That gun is your father’s.”

He smirked, seemingly pleased she had recognised it. When his family had been published in the papers, it was one of the first things mentioned on the scene of a crime - the gun was so distinctive that it was well known as only a thing Lucius Malfoy would keep on his person. Needless to say, Draco hadn’t struck her as a sentimental person, and especially not one to use his father’s weapon. His smirk grew wry as he ran his fingers over the hard lines of the handgun, telling a story not previously established.

“That’s right, Miss Whisp. This was indeed my father’s.” The usage of past tense made Hermione listen that much closer, waiting for some hint as to what was happening that the papers weren’t reporting. But he offered nothing else. It had merely offered a small glance below Draco’s surface, a hint that he was possibly human.

That said, Draco slid the weapon back into its drawer, giving her only an arcane smile before nodding her out subtly, back to the previously-scheduled work day.

---

“Sod it all,” Harry declared as he shrugged his coat off, sloughing it onto a nearby chair immediately before dropping himself into it. Across the room, Ron raised a brow, dropping his dog-eared book to his lap as he brought down his feet from where they rested on a coffee table.

“Sod what now, Harry?” The redhead prodded, running a lazy hand through messy hair; Harry just shot him a tired stare, rolling his eyes. The two, having lived together for years during their time at boarding school, were used to having to play 20 Questions in order to get particular things out of the other. It didn’t mean that they liked it, but they eventually adapted, making a bit of a game out of it.

“The buggered taps we put on Goyle’s phone?” The younger of the pair sighed, tipping his chair back and balancing it on two legs, lacing his fingers behind his head. “Apparently he and Crabbe just got the dirt on a new plot - I overheard it today not moments before they reinforced that blackmail ploy of last week. The one on Pearce, you know it.”

“I know it,” Ron replied, suddenly sneering his disapproval. “I heard his sister’s shoppe was bombed. Bloody dynamiters and all that rot. No one was inside, though.”

“Thank God, too. It was lucky the entire building didn’t come down; they rigged the charges along all the load-bearing walls of the basement. We had to go through the entire stock down there in order to even find the damn things.”

“Shite day, then.”

Harry snorted, rolling his eyes and smiling wryly in agreement; he offered no words, merely a follow-up sigh as his chair tipped back onto all four legs with a thud. His hands found their way to his face, massaging his temples.

“Any word from Hermione?” Ron finally asked, breaking the silence with his somewhat awkward outburst. There was only a hint of hope in his tone, the one thing that - if Harry didn’t know Ron as well as he did - wouldn’t have tipped him off to the fact that the redhead actually missed the young woman. Understandable, though, as they had honestly been dating for virtually their entire lives. It probably would have blown over by then too, except that Hermione’s assignment had taken her away for the first time ever. Harry merely cast a sideways glance over to him, studying him briefly.

“No, nothing. Not unless she’s leaving us voicemails without us realising it,” he replied with a small shrug, adjusting his glasses on his nose as he leaned back. The silence that fell between them at that point was comfortable and personable, if not slightly awkward. Both minds were on the young woman around whom their lives seemed to revolve.

Even in absence, their lives seemed to revolve around her; Harry cast a small sideways glance over at Ron, questioning something that the redhead seemed to understand. Both returned to semi-awkward silence, tension hanging heavy before Ron shoved himself up from his own seat, striding pointedly across the room to crush his mouth to that of his best friend.

It wasn’t a tender sort of kiss, but more something of sheer necessity. A distraction, to ease thoughts away from anything unpleasant, and something both of them could always guarantee was there. Perhaps the result of teenage experimentation, Ron realised one of the first times he and Hermione ‘took a break’, for lack of a better turn of phrase, that he needed some kind of outlet. If his best mate happened to be that outlet, so fucking be it.

Neither had ever taken issue with it, distracting the other in any time of distress. It was simply something between them, never brought up in any situation beyond the here and now. Ron didn’t want to imagine the look on Hermione’s face if she ever realised he fooled around with their mutual friend - and had been for years - whenever she was gone; Harry just didn’t want to think about officially coming out as anything less than the completely straight-laced person everyone thought him to be.

Ron nipped at Harry’s lower lip, thrusting his tongue into the other male’s mouth to taste him. He cupped the brunet through his dark jeans, rubbing slowly to work him harder, until the seam was taut with arousal; Harry groaned into the kiss, one hand carding through thick red hair to pull him closer. It was only after a few more moments of the intense session that Ron pulled away, dropping to his knees between Harry’s legs. The younger man hadn’t noticed his jeans being undone - distracted by both the kiss and Ron’s hand on his cock even through his trousers - and groaned long and loud as the same slick, warm mouth that had been on his not moments ago claimed his length, taking its throbbing entirety all at once.

He jerked his hips upward, fucking Ron’s mouth with an earnest moan, his back already arching due to the rarity of the touches. Since school, no one had ever seen Harry with any kind of lover - Ron once entertained the idea of his best mate simply holding out for him, guaranteeing he would always be there as necessary. The brunet had never uttered a word in regards to it, however, and it would probably remain an eternal mystery.

Not that it mattered anyway. Ron hummed his own pleasure around Harry’s cock, tongue working hot lines up and around each ridge from stones to head, his mouth siphoning loudly at Harry’s member in the otherwise silent room. Nothing dared interrupt the pair, not until the redhead was sucking fervently, his hand furiously jerking his own length, and Harry arched harder, breaking the quiet with a sharp cry as he came; Ron worked to take in every drop, his own climax hitting him with a groan. A hushed tranquility fell back upon the two young men as Ron collapsed beside Harry’s seat, both of them tucking themselves into their trousers with no words besides the lingering pants of breath and racing heartbeats faintly audible in their ears. It wouldn’t be brought up again, nor would it be mentioned in any kind of conversation that made them acknowledge what they really were to one another. It was a matter of convenience, nothing more.

It felt like an hour before either spoke; it was Harry who cut in with what felt like a rather random outburst of speech, tone a bit more than curious, and a tad more demanding than questioning: “So what happened between you two?”

“Harry, don’t start on t-”

“It wasn’t a question, Ron,” Harry replied, eyes locked on the pale cream of the ceiling.

Ron merely pursed his lips, rolling his eyes, and explained.

---

Hermione sat up straight in her chair, trying not to fall into the lure of the cushions and the warmth of the room, and relax: her job was to take notes and pay the utmost attention, both for Draco and for herself. There would be no questions when she tucked the notepad into her purse at the end of the day, particularly not from Draco, who had been nothing but trusting since their liaison. It was through his word that she was there at all, acting as a pseudo-secretary for the entire operation and taking down the detailed minutes of the meeting.

“The scheduled bombings on those who haven’t paid up have gone well. They’re thoroughly distracted, convinced we’re aiming low,” Crabbe reported blandly, his words clearly practiced beforehand so that he came off rather more well-spoken than usual. Hermione made a brief note in the margin that he was one of the least intelligent of the crew she was growing intimately familiar with. Goyle grunted his agreement with Crabbe, and Hermione made a second note to include both bodyguards.

Bellatrix grinned from where her chin rested in her hands, hair a wild frame. “They’ll never see us coming,” she purred, flicking one lithe hand out in gesticulation. “We’ll have them sent on a wild goose chase somewhere over there, all the while we’re over here,” - more gestures made to solidify her point - “And the next thing they know-”

She slammed her hands down on the table at that moment, a soft, gleeful giggle gradually becoming a maniacal cackle. At the head of the table, Riddle smiled to himself. Rodolphus made an embarrassed effort to calm his wife down, muttering something under his breath that Hermione couldn’t catch.

“Or we could be utterly silent about it, sneaking in under the radar and killing them all that way,” Draco drawled, finally chiming in from where he sat beside his assistant. “After all, if they’re that distracted, they would hardly notice one or two people slipping past security. We’ve done it before.”

All attention in the room jumped to him; Hermione took a moment to admire exactly how much heed was paid when her boss opened his mouth. His aunt seemed offended that they wouldn’t be going through with her plan, but no one else seemed to take issue.

“The only difference now is that we need to pay a bit more attention to their standard schedules.”

“So we’ll get on that,” Riddle purred from the head of the table. He rose, each of his Death Eaters rising with him. “Draco, you’re in charge. I trust you won’t fail us.”

“I wouldn’t dream of it, sir,” the blond smirked, swelling with silent pride. He turned, leaving the room with an air of confidence that made Crabbe and Goyle both shiver as he passed; Hermione fell into step with him as the meeting disbanded, everyone filing out to their respective work. It wasn’t long before the pair of them were alone in the corridor, striding pointedly back to Draco’s office and her own desk respectively.

“I think I may be able to help you, Mr Malfoy.”