After the debacle at the party and the even more entertaining debacle after the party, Hermione had never been so grateful for Christmas break. And she had never, ever been so upset that she'd let Harry and Ron talk her into staying at the school with them. So, it was Christmas break which was good considering Hermione would not have to sit through class with Snape worrying about the upcoming detentions and what they meant. She would not have to sit there in the front row of his classroom, wearing that scandalously short skirt, listening to his incredibly sexy voice, wondering what he thought of her- or worse, if he was thinking of her at all. She wouldn't have to sit there, only inches away from him, trying desperately to lick her suddenly parched lips in a non-sexual-thought-induced way while considering whether or not her impending detention would be a real detention or something... more fun. She would not have to sit in that stiflingly stuffy dungeon that would make her sweat and make him sweat and make them sweat and pretty soon everything would be a big sweaty mess. No, no class with Snape, which was definitely a good thing. But since she was there at Hogwarts and not someplace skiing with her parents or even knitting something with Mrs. Weasley at the Burrow, it meant that there would be no delay to the beginning of those detentions. They would start tonight, eight o'clock sharp. Right after dinner.

And Hermione had no idea whether to be sick with anticipation or with dread, though quite honestly she was rather sick, no matter the cause. But she knew the cause. Alcohol, the cure-all for all of her problems last night, was making her life this morning a living hell. Sure, she knew how to- and could quite easily could- make a hangover potion, but in a sick way she kind of liked feeling this way. It was her punishment for a night of debauchery, dancing, and other not-very-Head-Girl-like behavior. She deserved to feel this. She deserved to be wretched. Oh, God, what had she done?

Snape.

Oh, yeah.

Once more grateful beyond words for the private bathroom awarded to the Head Girl as part of her suite of rooms, Hermione clutched the toilet bowl and emptied the contents of her stomach, though there couldn't have been much in there. She'd been throwing up ever since she'd arrived back in her rooms last night, and even then the only thing she'd injested that whole day was the quick lunch she'd grabbed before heading to the library for- guess what?- research. And the beer. The copious amounts of beer.

She didn't even LIKE the taste of beer.

"Oh, bugger this," she croaked, her throat sore and raw from the night's activities.

The vomit-y ones. Not the Snape-y ones.

Pulling herself off the bathroom floor, Hermione rummaged through her medicine cabinet. She was sure she didn't have any hangover potion brewed, but her rooms sometimes had a whole Room of Requirement-y thing going on, so she decided it was worth a try. Smiling triumphantly as she peered inside, Hermione yanked a pretty, shiny new bottle out of the cabinet. She downed the contents quickly, but as the potion took effect, she almost vomited again.

Good God! she thought, I hope my mouth didn't taste like that when Snape... Uh... Eew! Reaching into the cabinet again, Hermione's hands reached straight to the place she knew her mouthwash would be. She unscrewed the cap in record time and poured the burning liquid into her mouth. Taking a good long time to make sure she got all the yucky stuff, Hermione finally spat it out but quickly reached for her toothbrush and toothpaste. She couldn't help it. Her parents were dentists, and to the Granger household icky mouths were about as close to inconquerable evil as you could get. All in all, it was about a half an hour before Hermione decided her mouth was clear and free from any reminders of the activities of the past twenty-four hours.

But as soon as her mouth was clean, she realized how absolutely skeezy the rest of her felt. Honestly, she hadn't even toweled herself off after her little tryst with the Potions Master. Noticing for the first time since rational thought had once again become an option for her that her underwear, which Snape had merely pushed aside, were sticky and actually a little bit... well, it wasn't pretty, Hermione quickly stripped and turned on the shower.

It wasn't that she felt dirty about what she'd done with Snape.

It was just that she felt... you know, dirty. Unclean. Unkempt. Unwashed.

Not dirty in the two R's, Christina Aguilera way.

But it would probably be fun to reenact certain aspects of the video with the still-feared yet strangely lusted after Potions Master.

Smiling at the thought, Hermione stepped into the almost scalding water. All her life she'd loved bath time, whether bath or shower. There was just something about being naked. Not just being naked, but being ALLOWED to be so openly naked. The Grangers were not terribly strict or oppressive parents, but they were proper, and the state of proper dress had been stressed to Hermione at an early age. They had never instilled any kind of body shame or anything like Hermione'd heard the other girls talk about, but she'd always known it was not proper, not right to be naked.

Which sucked, because ever since she'd been old enough to know the difference, Hermione had loved being naked.

So once she was settled under the hot water, Hermione continued to smile. She took care of the basics quickly, as she always did during her bathing- washing herself, her hair, adding the ten pounds of conditioner that would allow her hair to be manageable. Well, manageable for her. Any other girl would have sued the manufacturer if they'd received the same results as Hermione did from their product. But it was after the whole cleansing part of the shower that Hermione enjoyed best. Most times, she'd just stand there, feeling the pulse and heat of the water relax every muscle in her body, but today was different.

She'd never intended for it to happen, and she'd surely never done it before, but as the water ran over her so gloriously naked body, Hermione began to think about Snape. It was unnatural, really, that she'd be attracted to him, and quite honestly, she was almost surprised that she would be thinking of him that way in a nondrunken state, but the more she thought of him, the more she began to long for detention. It was going to be a good detention, right? A fun detention with very little actual detention-like activity, right?

"Miss Granger!"

The strong voice invaded her thoughts just as she was rinsing some stray suds off her breasts.

Even in fantasy, the man had impeccable timing.

Smiling deviously, Hermione continued paying close attention to her breasts though she was quite sure all the soap was gone.

"Miss Granger, that is absolutely inappropriate behavior!"

She could see him now, standing there watching her, arms crossed over his chest, that trademark snarl on his face. Wow. That had never been a turn-on before. If it had, she was quite sure Neville would have been off the hook as far as most explosions caused in a single year. She herself would have been doing whatever it took to earn herself a bit of that Snape glare.

Envisioning Snape there standing in front of her only made Hermione giddy and well... undeniably horny. She bit her lower lip and put on the most innocent face and voice she could muster.

"Why, whatever do you mean, Professor?" she asked Daydream Action Figure Snape, all the while continuing to fondle her own breasts with her left hand and moving her right hand down her stomach lazily, though its trajectory was clear. God, having him watch her while she touched herself was making her crazy. Who'd have guessed that Hermione Granger was a freak? She was learning more and more about herself all the time, it seemed. "What am I doing wrong, sir? Can you help me?"

"Miss Granger, I will tell you once again to stop. Believe me, you do not want me to have to make you stop," he intoned menacingly, almost a growl. Slipping her hand down further, through her pubic hair, Hermione continued to stare at the dream Snape innocently.

"Stop what, Professor? I'm sorry, but if you won't tell me what I'm doing wrong I can't possibly stop." Hermione had never known her mind could take such a sexual turn, and regrettably, she'd never known her hands could be so skilled either, and she moaned loudly as her hand finally found its place, beginning to touch herself in earnest.

Note to self. Shower as often as humanly possible from now on. In between classes if possible.

"Miss Granger!" snarled Snape, but his voice was choked and strangled. Almost like something was hurting him. Probably those tight pants, Snape. Best if you take them off...

"What's wrong, sir? How can anything be wrong when I'm thinking about you?"

With an unearthly moan, Snape strode into the shower in one long step and took Hermione into his arms, crushing her to his hard (an remarkably dry) body. He kissed her passionately and quickly disrobed, claiming her once again as his own. For her part, Hermione matched his every kiss, lick, and thrust. He was amazing, like nothing Hermione had ever experienced before, even better than the night before. Although, unlike last night, Hermione felt herself speeding along toward the climax at quite an accelerated rate. Snape never spoke again during the encounter, though his low growls and moans urged Hermione on more than she could ever explain. But in the end, it was over entirely too quickly and Hermione was left alone and panting in the shower, a wide grin plastered across her face and her fingers sticky with her own juices. She stayed like that for almost a minute: bent over, two of her fingers still inside of her, her left hand still tweaking her nipple, and relishing the feeling of completion and accomplishment. But after that initial pride, she sighed in a way that was entirely too joyful to completely be a sigh and reached for the soap again.

Somehow, she didn't feel clean anymore.

Though somehow, she couldn't bring herself to care. Humming to herself, Hermione quickly soaped up again, this time all business. After all, detention was coming up, and it would be rude to be late.

And already spent, she thought with a wry smile, though as she rinsed herself off she knew that if Snape was of the same mindset as she was and her detention was going to be much more fun than copying lines, she would have absolutely no trouble giving him a repeat performance.

With a wicked grin Hermione stepped out of the shower and strolled through her suite. Completely naked.

Take that, propriety!