There are times when Lilith wishes she could just skip all this Armageddon crap and get to the good stuff. Other times when she looks at the world through a hazy sheen of red and marvels that she ever could have considered checking out before the end. Lucifer made her, which means she owes him a lot, but really, self-sacrifice just isn’t her cup of tea. She has better things to do with her life. More entertaining things.

And now that she knows there’s another pretty, pretty pet to be had, chances of her putting her head on the chopping block for the Morning Star are pretty much nil.

The world is Lilith’s, the apocalypse is her show, and she’s running it however she damn well pleases. And doing a bang up job of it, if she does say so herself.

Which means she gets to have a treat.

She makes herself wait through the rest of the war council first—they have demon cells in every major city now, not to mention alliances with most of the sentient creatures crawling across the surface of the earth—and then leaves the rest of the details up to Alistair (not her first choice for general, but if she can’t have Sam Winchester she’ll make do) and strolls down to the basement.

The apartment complex they took over has been completely reworked inside, with special attention paid to the basement. Alistair complains constantly about the lack of resources and space, but he’s done a wonderful job with the place. Lilith is looking forward to seeing him implement his plans to convert an amusement park into a suitable facility for other, pleasanter delights, but she has no problems practicing here in the meantime.

After all, she has to perfect her technique before her pretty pet gets here.

The humans in the cells by the stairs cower when she strolls in. They aren’t as frightened as they are when Alistair or one of the others comes down to play, though: they know by now that she has her own, private playpen in at the far end of the torture chamber. No reason to waste time with small fry.

Lilith’s borrowed heart races as she nears her playpen—she can hear her canine companions growing excited at her approach. They’re cute little puppies, brought here especially at her request because puppies sound so much nicer when she gets tired of asking them to “fetch” and “roll over” and begins to strip the flesh from their bones. In a second cage to the left of the puppies, her boys wait on her pleasure: three strong, young men in the prime of life. They’re nice enough specimens for now, but she’s seen footage of her pretty pet and they don’t even begin to compare.

“Here, puppy puppy puppy,” she coos as she draws to a stop by the cages.

The puppies wag their tails and yip and struggle to get closer to her—she makes it a point to never put one back into the cage once she’s played with it: she likes them trusting and frolicking when they begin. Two of the men lift their heads and regard her with wide, frightened eyes. The third continues to drool quietly in the corner, which means she’s broken another one and will have to have it disposed of. Alistair will be annoyed—this is the third one so far this week, and werewolves aren’t easy to come by.

These new hybrids are much more durable than the regular werewolves she was contenting herself with at first—she really does owe Vincent Camargo a fruit basket for figuring that one out—but it’s still like playing basketball with a glass sphere. The silly boys break so easily.

Lilith’s pretty pet won’t shatter, though. Not this time. Not now that she has Gleipnir to make him behave so she won't lose her temper and do something she shouldn't. This time, he’ll be hers to keep and caress and play with forever.

She hums to herself as she thinks of her pretty pet with Gleipnir tight around his pretty, pretty throat. He’ll sleep at the foot of her bed, so he can be close at hand if she wants him in the morning or during the night. He’ll have his own set of shiny, razor sharp toys for when they play—Alistair is making them special as a coming home present.

When she wants it, he’ll fill her up and take her nice and hard the way she likes. When she’s in the mood to watch, he’ll play the bitch for her generals. Maybe she’ll even stud him out. It might be interesting, after all, to see what a half-demon, half-meat mongrel child would look like.

Gleipnir will make all of that possible.

Opening the safe by the wall, she reaches in and strokes her fingertips over the shining collars that turn myth to reality. There are two of them—a matched pair. One smaller, meant to fit around a beast’s throat: one larger and built for a man’s. Beautiful, enchanted metal that flows together to lock into place with no seam or catch, and which only unlocks again if given the whispered command by the same hand that closed it tight in the first place.

When Lilith has her pretty pet, she won’t have reason to ever remove the collar again, but there’s no reason to leave it on her practice pets—especially not when extended wearing usually leaves them gibbering and mindless, which makes them no use to her at all. But they aren’t true meat mongrels—only some twisted, lesser perversion—and Lilith has been assured that her pretty pet will remain cognizant and healthy. Eventually, he might even adapt and come to like the things that Gleipnir can do.

For a moment, she considers the smaller collar—that she will shift from throat to throat, starting with something small and crippled until the naughty andi has been fully tamed. Then maybe some puppies, harmless and clumsy, before moving on to larger dogs.

Eventually, once she's sure of the mutt's loyalty, she'll find it a nice timber wolf for a home. It will be lovely to bring the pair of them hunting once the war has really gotten underway: to watch her pretty pets rip into angel and human alike at her whispered command.

But that’s for the future. Right now, she just needs a temporary fix: something to sate her while she waits.

Reverently, Lilith lifts the larger collar from the safe and holds it up. As she regards the gleaming metal, she wonders if her pretty pet got her message. If he’s as excited to be hers as she is to own him.

Smiling sweetly, she trails Gleipnir across the bars of the hybrid werewolves’ cell. Her two sane pets scramble back against the wall, sweating and shaken by the sight of it. Even the third, broken pet makes a despairing noise in the back of his throat—perhaps some small part of him remembers the last time he wore the collar for her pleasure.

“Who wants to go for walkies?” Lilith singsongs as she unlocks the cell and opens the door.

Inside, her pets turn their faces away and begin to weep.