CHAPTER FIVE

"Hmmm! What is happening here?" the Master declared in curiosity.

The waters of his scrying pool showed Methos hitching up Hesperus to his wagon. At the back was a plow he had repaired. Duncan stood beside him, a small bundle in his hands. When blacksmith got on board, the Highlander handed the bundle to him. There was a warm smile on his face as he leaned down and kissed Duncan on the lips.

As Methos rode off, the Master laughed. "So, you're leaving the Scot at home, all alone. Let's make things interesting for you. How about a surprise, a wonderful surprise you just can't refuse when you get back!"

Seeing Duncan wave, he muttered, "We're going to heat things up, my boy."

With a small gesture, the vision in the scrying pool changed, revealing the stall where Duncan's horse stood. Sensing the Master's presence, the mare's eyes flared a bright red.

"It's that time again, Venganza," the Master exclaimed. "Why don't you enjoy yourself for a change? And maybe you could show MacLeod exactly what he's been missing."

As the mare whinnied in assent, the Master cocked his head up and burst into raucous laughter.

Duncan was whistling as he cleaned the stables. For some strange reason, he felt very uneasy, not to mention very hot. It didn't help any that, for the last hour or so, Venganza was in Hesperus' stall, stirring up hay and just being totally disagreeable.

"Is something wrong, girl?" he asked the mare.

There was silence. Then, Venganza's eyes peeked at the top of the partition and slowly went down again. For a moment, the Scot thought he saw a red gleam in them.

"Venganza, what is it?" Duncan forced down his fear as he cautiously made his way towards the stall. "Is the weather bothering you? It is rather hot. I could get you water."

Peering in the stall, the mare was sniffing and snorting at the hay. She was restlessly kicking up some dried straw. Duncan knew Venganza was in heat. Feeling relieved, he went towards the horse, rubbing her side.

Holding her bridle, the Highlander gently pulled on it, saying "Come on, girl! The air would do you good."

But the mare would not budge.

"Venganza!" he tugged harder. "Come on!"

Suddenly, Venganza faced him, revealing the blazing hellfire in her eyes. Before Duncan could flee, the horse swung her head and pushed him into the corner of the stall. When he tried to move past her, Venganza reared up, her hooves flying. The Highlander was trapped. The mare moved closer, her eyes aflame, locking gazes with the Scot's terrified orbs.

The Master was looking at Duncan through Venganza's eyes. Seeing the fear on the Scot's face, he mumbled, "You look so beautiful when you're frightened, MacLeod." Slowly, he raised his hand to the young man's image, the mare's head moving at the same time. "How I long to touch you once more."

"NO!" Duncan closed his eyes as the mare nuzzled at his throat, sniffing his hair. A cold nose brushed his cheek.

Feeling Venganza withdraw, he opened his eyes only to see the mare nudging his shirt open with her nose. The Highlander made to pull it close, but the horse snapped at him. Hands frozen at his sides, he could only watch helplessly as the mare opened his shirt, baring his chest. Duncan shuddered all over as Venganza sniffed his skin. Her cold, moist nose settled over a nipple, blowing glowing red fumes on the hardening nub. A whimper escaped the Scot's lips as a delicious warmth filled him. Moving to the other nipple, she breathed on it as well, the red mist forming tiny fingers that pinched the tit.

Gasping, Duncan glanced down, thinking that the horse had nipped the tiny bud, but Venganza was just breathing on it. However, he could feel invisible fingers playing with him, fondling him. Worse, it was arousing him to a fever pitch.

"Sweet Jesus, help me!" the Highlander sobbed as the mare's head descended to his crotch. Feeling Venganza touch his trapped erection with her nose, he cried, "Stop it!"

The Scot tried to escape, but the mare butted him face first to the wall. At once, an invisible force pinned him in place.

"You're so beautiful," an echoing voice whispered in the wind.

"Who are you?" shouted Duncan. "Why are you doing this to me?"

The heat of Venganza's breath excited every inch of his back, causing the goose bumps to rise. The Highlander could feel the heat permeate his clothing, teasing his narrow waist before going down to the round buttocks.

"Oh, MacLeod!" the voice murmured, dripping with lust. "Have you completely forgotten what we meant to each other?"

To Duncan's horror, a velvety tongue licked his rump, poking the crack between his asscheeks.

Feeling the pressure holding him ease a bit, the Scot wrenched free and fled from the stables. Going back inside the house, he quickly closed the door. His hands trembled as he reached for his cup, filling it with water from the pitcher. Duncan drank it down, but it did not quench his thirst. He continued refilling his cup and drinking its contents, up to the point that he had drained the pitcher, but to no avail.

Duncan paced back and forth, his sweat trickling from his body, soaking his clothes. "It's so hot! Why is it so hot?"

In desperation, the Highlander tore off all his clothing. The cool air, however, did nothing to quell the fires raging inside him. Instead, it only stoked the passions engulfing him that an eerie red glow began to surround him. Worse, ghostly hands caressed his shivering flesh, fingers pinching and poking his sensitive spots.

"Whoever you are," he cried in terror, "don't do this to me! Please!"

Lascivious laughter answered his pleas.

Weeping, Duncan sank to the floor, curling up into a tight ball as the spectral hands continued to torment him.

Tears trickling down his cheeks, all he could do was cry "No, no, no!" over and over again.

"What do I have to do to make you stop?" the Highlander asked. "What do I have to do?"

Duncan winced as a hard hand slapped his rump.

"I think you know the answer to that," said the Master.

Night had already fallen and the full moon was shining overhead when Methos arrived at the farm. Just as he freed Hesperus from the harness, the stallion swiftly galloped to the stables.

"What's your hurry?" Methos called, surprised by the horse's behavior.

Rather than satisfy his curiosity, the blacksmith decided to go inside the house instead. The sight that greeted him stunned Methos.

"Duncan?" was all he could say.

Inside the stables, a sensual dance was taking place between the two horses. Like a coquette, Venganza shied away from Hesperus' advances. Later, however, it was the mare that became aggressive, nudging the stallion eagerly.

"Duncan, what..."

The Highlander stood up, his naked body glistening in the light of the fire. There was such anguish on his face and he moved with the sluggishness of the drugged.

"Methos, help me!" Duncan begged him. "I feel so hot!"

Touching his forehead, Methos exclaimed, "You're burning with fever!"

"No," the Scot shook his head. "It's more than a fever."

Taking the ancient's hand, Duncan pressed his palm over his hard member. Methos snatched his hand back like he had been burned.

Dropping to his knees, the young man gazed up at his lover, a tear falling from his right eye. His hands gripped the slender hips.

"I beg you, Methos! Please!"

As the ancient watched, the Highlander spread his knees apart and took his erection in his right hand, pumping it furiously. With his left hand, he held on to Methos' hip, using the older man as support. Moaning, Duncan stroked his cock with languid motions, moving his hips.

"Methos!" the Scot whispered the elder's name. "Oh, Methos!"

The smith just found himself going down on his knees before Duncan, gently prying the young man's fingers off his cock.

"No," Duncan shook his head as Methos removed his hand. Then, he cried out in relief and pleasure when the ancient replaced it with his own firm grip.

With such aching gracefulness, Duncan thrust into Methos' hand that was milking his cock. It didn't take long for the Scot to come, spurting his juices on the ancient's shirt and crotch.

Feeling the wetness on his clothing, Methos thought the Highlander had burnt out the fires raging inside him. But there was such agony in the Scot's eyes as he shook his head in dismay.

"It's not enough!" he cried. "It's not enough!"

Strong hands pushed Methos down on the floor.

"Duncan!" the Old Man exclaimed, as fumbling hands untied his breeches. God, he's going to rape me! But the Scot merely freed his sex.

"You're not ready yet," said Duncan, seeing that his lover's cock was in a semi-erect state. Taking the member in his hand, he squeezed it gently.

Methos writhed and groaned as the Highlander pumped his rod with strong, steady strokes, like an expert blacksmith of silken iron, until his cock was as hard and proud as his own sword.

Then, Duncan straddled Methos' hips, positioning himself over that stiff rod.

In the barn, Hesperus couldn't take the mare's teasing any longer. Trapping Venganza in her own stall, the stallion stood up on his hind legs and mounted her.

Methos gasped as Duncan impaled himself on his cock. There was such tremendous pressure as the Scot tried to squeeze the bulbous head into his tiny rosebud. There was a snap when Methos breached the ring of muscle. At the same time, Duncan screamed in agony.

"Easy, Duncan!" the ancient soothed his weeping lover. "Don't rush it! It won't hurt if you take it slow!"

As the Highlander drove Methos' organ deeper and deeper inside him, the Scot's husky reply was not what he expected.

"I can't," Duncan moaned. "I need the pain."

As the two horses began to move faster and faster, so did the Highlander's pace gradually quicken. Methos tried to slow Duncan down, seeing the agony in the young man's face, but there was no stopping the Scot. All he could do was lie back and, he hated to admit it, enjoy the ride.

Suddenly, however, the Old Man felt his vision dim. Blinking hard, he saw that the lighting had somehow changed, that the room had darkened and it was Duncan who was glowing with an unearthly light. The Highlander was moving in a graceful ballet, head thrown back, his sable hair flying. Beads of sweat sparkled in the air like diamonds. Duncan's chest was arched forward. The sight of those firm pectorals and their taut nipples mesmerized Methos, wanting so much to touch them.

Acting on his desires, the ancient raised both of his hands, and was surprised to find that his fingernails were painted black and sharpened into claws. With the pads of his fingers, he caressed the firm muscles of the Highlander's chest, cupping the mounds. Going down to the nipples, he traced the dark outline of the areola with his nails. Then, he pressed the tiny nubs between his fingers, squeezing and pulling the tips.

Duncan whimpered in pleasure, continuing to buck on the older man's rod. Gazing down at his lover, his eyes widened in shock, for lying beneath him was the man with the painted face.

"Nooo!" the Scot exclaimed in disbelief as he tried to squirm away. But the man gripped his hips tightly.

There was such an evil grin on his face. "Don't stop what you can't finish, MacLeod!"

Saying this, the man fiercely thrust upward, driving his cock deep into the tender flesh above him. Duncan screamed.

Methos himself couldn't understand what was happening to his lover. He had seen the fear in the Highlander's eyes. When Duncan pulled away, he felt a painful yank on his cock that he had to grab the young man's hips to keep him in place until he had softened enough to withdraw. But the Scot was struggling to break free.

The smith wanted to caress Duncan's face, to soothe the fears away. Instead, those horrible hands went up, the claws glistening. To his horror, he buried his claws into the Highlander's chest, creating deep bloody furrows on the skin. The Scot whimpered in pain.

Then, he saw a forked tongue snake out, licking away the blood as blue light healed the wounds.

"No!" Methos gasped as his eyes focused on those tiny nipples once more. "Lord no!"

As he looked on, the forked tongue curled up into itself, becoming thinner and thinner, until it was a long needle. Quick as lightning, the needle jabbed into the tips of Duncan's tits, that an agonized scream escaped the younger man's lips. As blood trickled from the wounded nubs, Methos found himself sitting up, pulling the Scot close to him. Eagerly, he bent down, pressing his lips to the nipples, and began to suck, at the same time, thrusting hard and fast into the Highlander.

Duncan shuddered in terror and revulsion as the man with the painted face suckled on his breast. His cock seemed too big for his channel all of a sudden. Already, he could feel his flesh tearing just to accommodate the huge rod that was ramming into him.

Unknown to the two men, the bracelets on their wrists began to glow, gradually increasing in brightness, surrounding them in a dazzling white aura.

"Help me!" the Highlander wept, lost in his agony. "Mother, please make him stop hurting me! Oh God! Please help me!"

Hearing the Scot's plea, Methos' eyes flew wide open. At the sight of his lover's pain, a part of his soul traversed the link that existed between them. The ancient just found himself looking through Duncan's doe eyes.

"Methos..." Duncan felt his lover's presence inside his mind.

But the smith didn't answer him, gazing down at the beast who held his lover in his arms. It was then that the monster looked up, a tiny bud nipped between his teeth, leering at him. The shock of seeing that face sent Methos reeling back into his own body. With a fierce shove, the Old Man flung the Highlander from him, causing both men to scream at the force of their withdrawal.

As Methos sat up, he found that he still possessed a small measure of that strange vision. Lying before the dying fire of the fireplace were alternating images of a grown man and a child. Blinking several times, the ancient saw that Duncan was curled up before him, knees drawn towards his chest.

Though there was obvious fear in his eyes towards the man he thought he was handfasted to, Duncan managed a relieved smile to form on his lips.

"Thank you," he said, shaking with sobs. "I don't know what came over me, but thank you, Methos, for saving me."

Methos found himself weeping as he gathered the terrified Highlander into his arms.

What is there for you to be grateful for, Duncan? he thought bitterly. I hurt you. Sometime in the past, I hurt you!

The ancient shivered inwardly, recalling the image he had seen through Duncan's eyes. The man with the painted face. Death. It was his own savage visage he had seen.