Draco looked down at his hands and with bated breath, waited for Tom's reaction. The two of them had already been talking for over an hour, mostly about Draco's first six years at Hogwarts and Voldemort's return and gradual rise to power.

Tom hadn't said much. He'd mostly listened in fascinated horror as he'd learned more and more about the Dark Wizard he would one day become. If he were completely honest with himself, he had to admit he didn't really know how all this made him feel; unsettled and mildly terrified would probably be an apt description.

Tom glanced over at Draco, who had gone silent and was looking an even deathlier shade of pale than usual. "Do you need to take a breather?" he asked worriedly.

"No," Draco said quickly. "The sooner we can put this behind us, the better."

Tom could only nod in agreement.

"Right then," Draco went on. "When Severus took me away, his original intention had been to keep me safe and eventually reunite me with my mother in France. But..." He inhaled sharply. "Someone told the Da- I mean, someone informed Voldemort of Severus' plans. We still don't have a clue who it was or how they even found out, but shortly thereafter Mother was captured and so was I. They held her prisoner in some château in Marseilles, and as for me: Voldemort decided I could be useful to him in other ways. He... He liked the look of me, thought I was attractive, I guess, or maybe he just wanted to break me or punish my family through me, and so... He... kept calling me pretty boy and sometimes, at least twice a week, he would come into my room... Yes, I had a room at the Riddle House, not like... Anyway, he..." Draco shook his head and choked back a sob, unable to find the right words to convey what had happened.

Tom quickly rose from his seat and hurried over to the window where Draco was sitting. "Are you trying to tell me," he asked softly, "that the vile bastard raped you?"

Draco buried his face in his hands and nodded.

Now it was Tom's turn to go pale. "I'm sorry," he said, instantly realising how foolish and pointless such a statement was. "I hope you know, I would never... Oh fuck!" When he spat out that last word, the windows of Draco's room rattled ominously, as if in response.

Draco grabbed Tom's hand. "It wasn't you," he said quietly, "and I know you would never hurt me."

"No, I wouldn't," he said and sat down next to the other boy. "Never. You mean the world to me, even after such a short time…"

Draco kissed the back of the hand he was holding. "Would you like me to go on?"

Tom nodded. "Yes, do. You were absolutely right. The sooner we get this over with, the better."

"Right." Draco took another deep, bracing breath. "After a week or so, on top of everything else, the nasty mind games began. The people in charge somehow managed to convince my mother that they were threatening me, threatening me with harming her... I don't know any of the details, Tom. I don't think Severus does either, or maybe he just doesn't want to tell me. Regardless, unbeknownst to me, Mother decided to take the decision out of their hands. About a month after we'd been captured, she committed suicide, took her own life to save me, and..." He bit back tears. "Three days later, the Riddle Mansion was raided. If only she'd waited a little longer, just three bloody days, and..." He shook his head. "Anyway, I knew where Bellatrix was, so I told the Aurors who rescued me. Coincidentally, Lucius—my father—was with Bellatrix when the intervention squad..." He gave a bitter laugh. "So indirectly, I'm responsible for both my parents' deaths."

"No, you're not," Tom said flatly, sounding very reasonable and stoic, all of a sudden. "My future self is, or was. He's to blame, not you."

Draco let out a deep sigh. "Part of me knows that, I suppose, but in my heart… It refuses to sink in."

Tom nodded. "All right," he said, "then I only have one question left. And I'm afraid you won't like it very much, so if you'd rather we continue this tomorrow..."

"No. Go on."

"Right, then." Tom took a deep breath, before asking, "How long, exactly, have you been carrying a torch for Harry Potter?"

"Hermione? Oi! Hang on a sec!" he called out, running to catch up with her.

She stopped dead in her tracks and turned around. "What is it, Harry?" she asked, trying hard to keep the irritation out of her voice.

"Malfoy and Riddle," he began. "Do you know what's going on with those two?"

"Going on?" she said carefully. "How do you mean?"

"Well, they have to be plotting something, right?"

She suppressed the urge to groan. "I honestly don't think so, Harry."

"Oh, come on, Hermione!" he all but shouted. "Have you actually seen them together, walking around like they own the place? Riddle will still be sent back, won't he? The staff haven't had a change of heart about that, right?"

"Harry," Hermione said slowly, "you really shouldn't be focusing on Tom and Draco like this. It's not healthy. You wouldn't want to get obsessed again, would you? I mean, the way you followed Draco around last year, it was hardly..."

"I was never obsessed," he cut her off. "I was just concerned, AND WITH BLOODY GOOD REASON, IT TURNED OUT!"

Hermione flinched. "Harry, please... Lower your voice. Firstly, as far as I can tell, this Tom Riddle is a perfectly nice boy. Secondly...."

Harry laughed bitterly. "Yeah. Right. Of course he is. Because if he were evil, he'd be sure to flaunt it all over the school, wouldn't he?"

Hermione ignored that. "You have to learn to let this go, Harry," she said softly. "You have to get on with your life, and let past enemies get on with theirs. The war is over."

Harry only frowned in response. He clearly wasn't going to find any empathy here, let alone the assistance he'd hoped for, so he decided he would follow Hermione to her room later, after her Head Girl patrol duties. Then he’d be able to see with his own eyes what Riddle and Malfoy were up to.

Later that night, everything went according to plan.

Sneaking into the Heads Common Room after Hermione turned out to be unexpectedly easy. Once there, Harry patiently waited until she had retired to her room and again, he found himself pleasantly surprised. Tom and Draco's door wasn't even locked.

Wrapping his Invisibility Cloak tightly around him, he carefully entered the room.

It didn't take him long before he understood why Malfoy and Riddle had been so sloppy about security tonight. After Head Boy patrol, something that was apparently a joint effort these days, their minds had clearly been on other, more pressing matters.

At least if the sight in front of him was anything to go by...

Malfoy was standing against the wall, naked from the waist down, his trousers and boxers around his ankles. Riddle was kneeling down in front of him. His hands were on Malfoy's thighs and the future Dark Lord, much to Harry's amazement, was eagerly sucking Malfoy's dick.

Harry had to stop himself from gasping.

"I'm going to..." Malfoy let out a deep moan. "Oh... Fuck... Right there..." He threw his head back in abandon. "Fuck... Tom... Yessss...."

Harry's legs suddenly felt like jelly. His heart was hammering in his chest. Surely, this wasn't turning him on? No, it was just the shock, he tried to convince himself, even while the growing bulge in his trousers suggested something entirely different.

At the other side of the room, Tom pulled back, rose to his feet, and announced with a devious grin, "Your turn to kneel, Malfoy."

"Don't I at least get a kiss first?" Draco asked with a mock pout.

"Oh, very well," Tom said. “If we must.” He helped Draco up and tenderly kissed the boy's forehead.

Harry frowned when he heard Draco chuckle. Truthfully, he wasn't sure what unsettled him the most: the fact that Tom Riddle and Draco Malfoy were lovers or that there was apparently more to it than just sex, that the two of them were caring and affectionate towards each other.

Harry shook his head in bewilderment.

Meanwhile, Malfoy had moved to the bed and was hunched down on all fours.

Harry couldn't help but notice that the boy was already hard again. He told himself to stop staring, but he couldn't. Who'd have thought that Malfoy would be so...? Harry’s own cock twitched.

Riddle undressed completely—the sight of his naked body making Harry gulp once more—and he positioned himself behind Malfoy. He bent down to kiss Malfoy's neck and mouthed some kind of spell.

Harry didn't have much sexual experience to speak of, and he'd never fooled around with another boy. Otherwise, he might have recognised the incantation as a lubrication charm.

"Ready?" Riddle asked. "Or do you need me to finger you first?"

"Fuck, no," came the almost breathless response. "I've been ready since you sucked me off. I need you inside me, Tom. Now."

"Well." Tom grinned. "Far be it from me to say no to that." Slowly, he pushed himself all the way in.

Draco moaned. “Oh, fuck.”

Harry shivered. He was beginning to think that he really shouldn't be here, that his presence was completely inappropriate, but still... He was frozen on the spot, unable to stop watching…

The boys on the bed started to move. Thrusting back and forth, Tom reached a hand underneath Draco's body and encircled the boy's erection. Then he began to pump Malfoy's cock in time with his own thrusts.

Grunts, sighs and deep moans filled the room.

Harry was also breathing heavily. A few minutes later, standing there on shaky legs, he saw with wide eyes how Malfoy came a second time.

"Fuck, Tom," Draco cried out, his face contorting in pleasure.

Riddle wasn't far behind. One final, forceful, thrust and he too, was groaning in ecstasy.

Not long after, the two separated again. Tom pulled out and with a contented sigh, plopped himself down on the bed. Draco immediately snuggled closer and rested his head against his lover's shoulder. The young men were coming down from their high, intertwining their fingers, kissing each other tenderly and again, the affection between them confused Harry to no end. Were Malfoy and Riddle in love or something? Was such a thing even possible?

For reasons he couldn't identify, the very thought sent Harry into a panicked frenzy. Instantly snapped out of his trance, he turned around, carefully sneaked out of the bedroom, the Common Room and once he'd reached the corridor, he ran as fast as he could.

His breathing was ragged, his heart was in his throat and despite his confusion, he was also painfully aware of the throbbing erection in his trousers.

He hurried into the first bathroom he came across and was glad to find it empty. Something needed dealing with urgently. He couldn't return to Gryffindor Tower in this state.

He went into one of the stalls and spelled the door locked. With trembling hands, he unbuttoned his trousers and took out his achingly hard cock.

"Finally."

Harry closed his eyes and began to stroke himself. He imagined Malfoy writhing and moaning like the boy had done a few minutes earlier.

Then images came flooding back of Tom Riddle slamming into Malfoy, hard and fast, both of them moaning in pleasure.

Harry picked up his pace, using his other hand to steady himself against the wall.

He pictured Malfoy throwing his head back, screaming out the name of his lover and begging for more... This time, however, it wasn't Tom's name that rang through the room. What Malfoy wailed instead, as he thrust into his lover's hand, losing all inhibitions, nearing completion was, "Harry, Harry. Fuck yes, Harryyyyy."

One final pull (rough and fast), and Harry came hard, the name unwittingly slipping from his lips before he even realised it.

"Draco..."

When it was over, Harry shivered. All of a sudden, he felt dirty, conflicted, empty, and above all, terribly lonely.

Harry sunk down to his knees and sobbed.