When I gained consciousness however many days or weeks later, I was in the hospital. I'd only been in the hospital a few times in my life, but I knew enough to press the nurse button on the remote attached to the bed.

Picking it up, I was about to press the button when I realized that my fingers were wrapped up in the things that you got put on them when they were broken. How could that be? I don't remember ever breaking them. Brushing it off for the time being I pressed the nurse button.

A nurse came in about a minute or so later. "Ms. Dobreva, you're awake. Welcome back!" Nurse Amy, I read it on her name tag, smiled at me.

"What happened to me? Where am I? Why am I here?" I bombarded the nurse with questions. I was confused beyond belief.

The nurse looked rather spooked. She looked as if she had just seen a ghost. "You don't remember?"

I shook my head no.

"I'm gonna go get the doctor! I'll be right back," she told me frantically.

"Wait! No! Tell me what happened! Tell where I am! Tell me why I'm here!" I exclaimed, freaking out. I was feeding off of the nurses emotions. I could feel exactly what she was feeling as clear as the sun shone during the day. It was probably empathy taking over. It didn't take me, but a minute to regain control over it.

She left without answering me and returned a minute or so later with the doctor right at her feet.

"Ms. Dobreva, it's good to see you're awake," the doctor, Dr. Danes, said, pulling out a small flashlight, and checking both of my eyes. "Can you tell me your name?" the doctor asked.

I looked at him confused, but stated my name anyways, "Selena Dobreva."

"Your age?"

What the hell was the point in this? "21."

"Date of birth?"

Confused, I went along with it. "February 14th, 1989."

"She seems fine to me," Dr. Danes told the nurse, turning his head to her.

The nurse shook her head at the doctor. "She doesn't remember anything about what happened to her."

The doctor looked back at me. "Is this true? You don't remember anything leading up to you waking up here in the hospital?"

I shook my head. No, I truly did not.

Dr. Danes looked at Nurse Amy. "Can I speak to you out in the hall, please?"

The nurse nodded instantly and she and the Dr. retreated out into the hall. Just as they left my dad entered the room. I looked over at the window to make sure that it was truly dark and that I wasn't seeing things. My dad never came to see me in public places. He had always said that it was too risky. If someone found out that he was a vampire and knew that he was my dad. Well, let's just say it wouldn't be a pretty picture.

He wore a black shirt with black pants and black shoes. What a fashion statement, right? All black. He even wore a black leather trench coat. He wore it at all times just in case he got stuck in the sun one day. The trench coat was big enough to cover him and would buy him at least two minutes or so to get to safety without burning to death. Without it my dad would be dead in less than 30 seconds if exposed to the sun.

I don't know exactly how old my dad is, but I do know that he's older than just about any vampire in the US. I'm pretty sure my dad's around I don't know...I'd like to say 3,000. I don't rightly know if he's that old or that young, but I know he's near that proximity. My dad doesn't really like getting into his past.

Apparently, when he was first turned he went on a massive killing spree and killed many. When he met my mom and was cursed he began feeling guilty about his past. Therefore; he refuses to ever talk about it with my mom, me, and my brothers and sisters. It was a don't ask, don't tell situation. We were all smart enough not to ever mention it. My dad always got really mad if we even said the slightest word about it.

"What are you doing here?" I asked him. "Shouldn't you be in Bulgaria or somewhere right now?"

He looked a bit confused. "You don't know why I'm here?"

I shook my head no. "Should I already know?" I asked, raising an eyebrow.

"You should," he answered with a nod of his head.

"Why?" I asked completely dumbfounded. "What happened?" I wondered out loud, turning my head to get a better view of my father who was now standing on the right side of my bed. I yelped as I felt something that was embedded into the skin on my neck break apart.

"Oh, careful, Selena!" my dad told me. "You have stitches in your neck."

"Stitches? What for?"

"When I pulled Drake off of you his fangs were sunken into your neck so deep that they left two long puncture wounds rather than holes in your neck," he told me.

"Drake? I haven't seen him since that night when he was in the woods when I collapsed at Fangtasia," I told my dad exactly when I saw him last.

He shook his head. "No, Selena. He kidnapped you about two weeks ago and held you hostage until last week when he attacked you."

I sat there in the hospital looking at daddy as if he was stupid and didn't know what he was talking about. I specifically remember last seeing Drake in the woods next to Fangtasia. That is where I saw him last...right?

"You don't recall?" dad asked me, curious as to what was wrong with me.

"No," I answered simply. "What about my fingers?" I wondered.

"We don't know. The Dr. said that your fingers had been broken prior to the attack, so we have no idea. You probably got angry and did it yourself. Well, that's what the detectives think happened after they searched the suite that Drake had rented out and found the whole in the bathroom wall."

I sat there quietly just taking everything my dad told me in. If I ever wanted to remember what had happened, i'd need all the information that I could get. Uncomfortable, I moved my body around, trying to find a good position that would make me feel comfortable. Pain shot through me once again and I yelped for the second time in like two minutes.

"I forgot to mention before the attack your ribs were already bruised. During the attack Drake put all of his weight on you and wound up breaking two of your ribs. The doctor's did some surgery on you to help you breathe better, so you need to take it easy for a while."

"Surgery?" I asked anger in my voice. "Why you didn't you just give me human blood?" I asked quietly, so that the Dr. and nurse outside wouldn't hear.

"You're surrounded by humans, Selena. That would've been too risky."

I was angry now. Boy was I angry. "So, now I have to fucking watch what I do and take it easy with everything because I had surgery that I didn't even want nor need?"

"Selena..."

"Whatever!" I exclaimed. "What about the scar, though? My body will be scarred now!"

"You can drink human blood when you get back to Bon Temps. It'll get rid of your scar for you. Even though you had surgery the blood will still heal you quicker."

I opened my mouth to say something else, but closed it back when I heard footsteps approaching the door to my room.

Just then the Dr. returned from outside in the hall. "You honestly don't recall anything that happened before you woke up here?" Dr. Danes asked me just to double check.

I shrugged and shook my head, "No, I honestly don't recall anything."

Dr. Danes sighed.

"What?" both my dad and I asked at the same time just as alarmed about the Dr.'s sigh as the other was.

The Dr. looked from me to my dad, and then back to me. "I'm afraid, Ms. Dobreva, that you're suffering from a very rare case of Lacunar amnesia," the Dr. informed us.

"Lacunar amnesia?" my dad questioned. In his many, many, many thousands of years of life he hadn't the slightest idea of what Lacunar amnesia is.

"I've never heard of it."

"Lacunar amnesia is what it's called when a person loses his or her memory of a certain event," Dr. Danes explained. "In your case you don't remember the events leading up to the event or the event itself. It's a more serious type of Lacunar amnesia."

I still wasn't 100% understanding what he was saying.

He caught on and said, "Basically, Ms. Dobreva, you have a rather large gap in your memory."

"Oh, now I get it!" How interesting? "So, you mean, everyone around me knows what happened to me, but for a while until the amnesia wears off I'm going to be wanting to hurt everyone around me for saying sorry and being all pitiful with me when I don't know the slightest idea what they're talking about?" I asked bluntly.

The Dr. was silent for a moment, taking in everything I had just said. Then he nodded, "If that's the way that you want to put it then yes."

"Oh, that's just great!" I muttered to myself.

--------

A little while later after my dad had left to go take here of business that he apparently had here in San Francisco, Rachel and Sookie arrived. I was just getting ready to take a shower. As much as I didn't want to shower in a hospital, I didn't really have much of a choice.

I wasn't to be released from the hospital for at least a day or two and I couldn't wait that long to take a shower. Besides, it wouldn't be, but so bad. Hospitals kept there bathrooms and hospital rooms really clean. They cleaned them every time a patient left before they let a new one in.

"Selena, you're awake!" Rachel exclaimed, walking into the room.

Sookie followed close behind. "You had us scared there for a while," she told me honestly.

"We're glad you're back in the here and now," they smiled in unison before taking turns giving me hugs. Both were extremely careful not to touch the side of my neck or press against the upper half of my body that was stitched up. Apparently, they already knew about the surgery and they could clearly see the stitches on my neck.

"So, what's the diagnosis of your injuries or whatever?" Rachel wondered.

"I have lecuna...lacuna...lacune...whatever it's called. I forgot. But, anyways, I have some type of amnesia...oh, right...I have Lecunar amnesia," I answered.

They gave me the same look that I had given the doctor earlier.

"I have a rather large gap in my memory. I don't remember any of the events leading up to me being attacked, well, that's what my dad says, he said I was attacked. Anyways, I don't remember anything that happened to land me in here. The last thing I remember is seeing Drake in the woods that night at Fangtasia when I passed out. Other than that, it's like I didn't even exist until now," I explained what I had in my way. It was a lot easier to understand than the way the doctor explained it to me.

"Really? That sucks!" Sookie exclaimed.

"Tell me about it." I crossed my arms. "I'm sure everyone in Bon Temps knows what happened by now?"

Rachel and Sookie both nodded.

I sighed a frustrated sigh and rolled my eyes. "Great! Just great! Now, I'm going to have to go around listening to people pity me. And, all the while I'm not going to have the slightest idea as to what they're pitying me for."

Rachel and Sookie looked at each other and then at me.

"We'll go call Sam and Arlene and tell them to spread it around town that they should keep the pitying on the down low," Rachel told me.

I smiled, briefly. "Thanks, sis. That'd be great."

"We'll go do that now," Sookie said, kissing me on the forehead. "You get better fast so that we can go back to Bon Temps."

"Trust me, Sook! I want to go back home just as much if not more than you do."

She smiled and took a step back. Rachel took her place next to me.

"I love you, big sis," she said, kissing me on both cheeks as if we were Europeans.

"Love you, too, little sis," I replied.

"If we're not here when you're released, since we have no idea when that'll be, you call us."

I nodded my head. "I will."

With one last goodbye and goodnight, Rachel and Sookie left. Now, I was all alone. It wasn't necessarily a good thing either. I somehow needed to get out of the hospital bed and into the bathroom where I could shower. Then it would be a matter of taking a shower without getting my stitches wet.

As if my life couldn't get any worse. I was in the hospital for a reason that I did not know. It made me angry and frustrated not knowing why I was here. I hated not knowing what the hell was going on with my own body, and my own life, and such.

Suddenly, I sensed a presence at the door. I looked towards the door to see who it was. Thank god I was sitting on the hospital bed right now. The presence in the doorway was the presence of someone I would have never thought would be caught dead in a hospital. It was Eric.