Ianto gulped his drink, a frothy pink girlish thing, in two swallows. It was cool and sweet and did nothing to distract him from the pounding need crawling under his skin.

As the door to the private room closed behind Jack and Sean, the pressure on Ianto's ears dropped to a dull roar. He could still feel the pulse of the music pounding against the walls, calling to him. He let the rhythm take him, rocking him from hip to hip. He crossed his arms around his waist, clutching at the warm rubber. He tilted his head forward a little, just enough to shift the angle of the crystals at his ears so that they swayed against the collar. They swept out and back as he moved, the smooth beads cooling his flesh even as the feeling of tiny fingers dancing along his skin heated him in a completely different way. Sweat slicked his thighs and ran into the tops of his stockings, tracing the ridge down the back of his legs like the lightest brush of Jack's tongue. He wanted to scream at the sweetness of it all.

Ianto clawed at the skin of his arms, desperate for something sharp to distract himself with, some friction to ease the mounting tension in his body.

Hands locked around his wrists and pulled them away. He opened his eyes, surprised, and reached for Jack.

"Please…"

Jack just smiled, shook his head, and turned him toward Sean. "That's what you need Isolde, my beautiful girl. Go on, take him, he's all yours. Aren't you Sean?"

"Anything Isolde wants, Isolde can have," Sean answered, his voice deep and dark.

Sean opened his arms wide and let Ianto take his face in his hands. He licked at Sean's lips feeling their fullness, tasting the burn of whisky on them. Sean sighed and his lips parted under Ianto's tongue. Ianto dove in and let himself dissolve into the flavors and textures of this new mouth.

Sean stroked Ianto's back, pressing them closer together. His tongue teased Ianto, parry for parry, licking and stroking Ianto's with equal fervor until each of them was oxygen deprived. They came up for air only to move on to other parts of each other's anatomy. Jaw lines, ear lobes, exposed throats. Ianto bit at Sean's flesh, wanting to taste blood. He worried at the join between neck and collar until Sean was crying out and pulling back on his head; pleading with hands and groans to give him a moment.

Ianto did, but only with his mouth. He slid one leg up between Sean's thighs and pressed at the hardness there, laughing in delight as Sean moaned and bucked his hips forward.

Sean growled and bit into Ianto's outstretched neck.

"Yes!" Ianto cried, rutting against Sean's leg, loving the pain and the intensity of it all.

"Oh no you don't," Jack said, tugging Ianto out of Sean's arms.

Ianto turned on Jack, grabbing at his neck, trying to pull him towards his lips, pressing his aching cock into Jack's groin.

"So hot and wanton," he chuckled against Ianto's lips. "You'll get what you're looking for, I promise, but not yet. Not just yet."

"Jack, please…"

Jack ran a soothing hand along Ianto's back, like a trainer stroking the flanks of a shaking racehorse. Ianto choked back a sob and dropped his head on Jack's shoulder.

"Soon, I promise." Jack kissed the top of Ianto's head. "What else do you want right now? Tell me what you want to see."

Ianto took a breath and squeezed Jack's biceps. He could do this. He trusted Jack to make it good. But god, he was burning up inside. His dick was so hard he could barely think. The cock ring was biting into his flesh, holding back a tidal wave. He took another breath and tilted his head to look over his shoulder at Sean. The man was leaning back against the wall and pressing one hand along the hard outline of his cock. He was gorgeous. His blonde hair was sweaty at the edges and dark red lipstick was smeared along his face and neck like a trail of blood.

"I want to see you fuck him," Ianto heard himself (heard Isolde say) as he looked at Sean.

Sean groaned and banged his head against the wall. "Oh god, yes, please."

"What Isolde wants..." Jack said, a massive smile on his face, his hands already undoing his fly.

"Isolde gets," Sean finished.

Jack pulled a bottle of lube from his pocket and handed it to Ianto as he sank into an overstuffed love seat, condom packet in hand. "Get your boy ready for me."

Sean groaned again and stepped over to kiss Jack. Ianto took advantage of the angle, tugging at the laces on either side of Sean's trousers and sliding his hands into the enveloping warmth waiting for him. Sean sighed and pressed back.

Peeling the hot leather down and away from Sean's arse, Ianto let his hands wander around front, to the waiting dick, and squeezed. Sean stopped moving, stopped kissing and breathing. He just hovered, obedient to Ianto's hands.

"More," he begged.

Ianto stroked the engorged flesh, twisting as he went, feeling Sean shudder inside the circle of his arms. His kissed Sean's neck and dragged his nails lightly along Sean's abs and back to his arse. Sean shivered. A moment later, he inserted a lube-covered finger into Sean's hole.

Jack kissed Sean breathless as Ianto worked him open, adding another slicked up finger and then another. Sean moaned at the dual onslaught and finally pulled away from Jack with a desperate noise.

"Just fuck me already."

Jack laughed and tugged Sean around so that he was facing Ianto, helped him get lined up, then, the two of them straining together, Sean slowly sank down onto Jack's dick.

"Oh god… Yeah!" Sean cried out as Jack wrapped strong arms around his chest and thrust upwards. The love seat groaned under Jack as the men rocked into each other.

Sinking gingerly to his knees, Ianto knelt in front of the two men. He leaned forward and sucked as much of Sean's length into his mouth as he could hold. Sean jerked his hips up, pressing his cock against Ianto's soft palette. Ianto gripped the thick muscle and adjusted the angle.

"That's it, fuck her mouth," Jack ground out as he thrust into Sean again. "Let me see you fuck that pretty mouth."

"Any thing… you… say, bossman." Sean pushed up into Ianto's mouth, forcing his cock deeper.

Ianto shivered at the sound of Jack's voice. He was Jack's girl, Jack's sub, sucking their toy for Jack's pleasure and his own. He'd played like this before, but never as a girl, never dressed in heels and a wig. Never collared. A part of him wanted it to feel wrong – to feel bad. But it didn't. It felt…exciting, liberating.

He adjusted his stance, the grit of the floor digging into his knees, the tips of his shoes pinching his toes, and sank deeper into Isolde, into Jack's beautiful girl. He tightened his grip around the base of Sean's cock and began sucking and squeezing in counterpoint to Jack's thrusts. Sean panted and writhed, his hands flailing. He caught at Ianto's shoulders and dug his fingers into Ianto's flesh as Jack's thrusts hit home.

Ianto looked up. Sean was watching him, need and want raw in his eyes. He edged one hand down to fondle Sean's balls then felt farther, to the point of contact between Jack and Sean. He let his hand rest there, feeling Jack slide in and out of Sean's arse. He wanted to experience that heat and pressure. He wanted to know what it was like to be in that maelstrom with them. He knew what it was like to be fucked by Jack, that incredible, overwhelming sense of losing yourself in Jack. Being pulled and stretched every which way. He wondered if it was the same for Sean.

Ianto pressed one finger into Sean's hole, alongside Jack's dick, feeling the press and weight of Jack, the throbbing pulse of Sean, and moaned. It was so hot, so tight. He moaned again around the head of Sean's cock and the other man cried out, giving Ianto just enough warning to pull off as Sean came in hot waves over his hand.

Ianto kept stroking, milking Sean and watching Jack as he thrust faster, searching for his own release. Jack locked eyes with Ianto. He could see the fire there, Jack's own need and desire piercing him over Sean's shoulder. He gave up the heat and pressure of inner connection to help Jack over the edge. He scraped his nails along Jack's exposed thighs and Jack came with a brutal thrust into Sean's arse.

Sean collapsed against Jack's shoulder, his eyes closed and a look of deep contentment on his face. Ianto smiled, knowing that feeling so very well.

He looked past Sean to Jack and couldn't quite hide a smirk. Jack looked like a cat with an empty bowl of cream. Jack opened his eyes and grinned at Ianto, a little quirk in his brow acknowledging his own contentment, then he squeezed Ianto's hand where it lay, sticky and warm, on his thigh before reaching to stroke Sean's cheek.

Sean sighed and twisted his head back toward Jack.

Ianto watched the two men kiss slowly, tasting each other and sharing their returning breaths. It was a moment just between the two of them, soft and lovely. Ianto wanted to join them, to taste the air between them and feel the warmth of their connection, but there was no room for him.

He pulled his hands from Jack's thigh, all set to stand and walk away, only to realize the he couldn't get up without help. He was trapped and helpless.

Panic slammed into him.

Memories and nightmares tore across his vision, distorting his perception. He saw Lisa, perfect and whole, a soft smile on her face as she reached for him. He saw her broken and bleeding, encased in metal, scratching at his skin. Jack's bloody body, on the ground, in his arms, dying over and over again. He saw himself- his own body torn to pieces- bleeding, in an alleyway, with no one to help him and no hope left. More faces swam through his thoughts, his sister, pleading with him to hold his niece just once. Old classmates coming at him with rocks and glowing orange fags, his father pushing and pushing till there was nowhere for him to go, his co-workers from the Tower watching him, laughing like metal-bound jesters as he tried to put himself back together.

There was no air, no way to catch his breath.

He needed to run, to scream, to be anywhere else, but he couldn't move.

"Isolde," Jack's voice called from outside his fear. "It's okay. Breathe."

Ianto felt hands on his face, lips pressed to his temple. A million kisses covering his skin. Jack and Sean. Their lips and hands calling him back from his terror.

"Come on, come back," Jack said.

Ianto opened his eyes to see Jack crouched before him, Sean beside him, matching expressions of concern on their faces.

"That's it." Jack smiled. "Hi."

"Hi," Ianto said, his voice cracking on unshed tears.

"You're not alone."

Ianto took a gulp of air. Of course Jack knew. He shrugged and looked down at his hands. Jack tilted his chin up.

"No matter what. You are not alone. I promise you that."

Ianto stared into Jack's eyes, drinking in his conviction, and nodded.

"Do you want to continue?"

Ianto bit his lip and looked from Jack to Sean. Sean looked concerned and just a little confused.

"Whatever you want, Isolde, whatever's going on," Sean said with a soft smile. "I'd like to make you feel good, if you'll let me, but it's up to you."

Ianto nodded and looked back at Jack.

Jack's face said it all. They could stop here. Nothing would change except Ianto would never know how far he could push himself, how far he could trust himself. He'd started this scene looking for answers, and great sex. He needed answers about who he was, who he could be, that he wasn't finding anywhere else. Could he live without knowing? Could he come this far and let his fears win? Well, he knew the answer to that question at least.

"Yes, I want to continue."

Jack's smile was all Ianto needed to shove his fears back into their file drawer.

"Well then," Jack said with a leer. "I have plans for you, Isolde."

Jack took Ianto's hand and kissed his palm. Ianto closed his eyes and sighed. He felt as thought he would shudder to pieces when Sean did the same thing to his other. Between them, Jack and Sean kissed their way up from Ianto's palms to his collarbones, where Jack stopped.

"But not here."

Ianto whimpered.

"Shhhh. Trust me, my beautiful girl. I will make it better, all right?"

Ianto leaned in to Jack and mouthed at the flesh of his neck.

"Isolde?" Jack tugged Ianto's chin up to look in his eyes. "Answer me. Do you trust me?"

Ianto writhed against Jack but nodded.

"Say the words, Isolde."

"I…" he took a breath. "I trust you to make it better. Please Jack… please… I'm so hot…"

"I know beautiful, I know. It'll be better soon, I promise."