The Sweet Dream
by IBme1968

Outdoor sex and naked exhibition with a young blonde.

Have you ever had a dream that made no sense but seemed perfectly real? Wednesday was a slow day at work and please don't tell my employer, but I spent some time on my phone emailing with a super nice person. Ok maybe it was more like a lot of time.

The conversation was pleasant and exciting. It was amazing how many things we had in common. I grew up on a farm which had horses. She was an accomplished equestrian. She was smart and could complete entire paragraphs in an email.

Yesterday the dream seemed burned into my brain. This morning I realize it's fading into that vault where at some time in the future something will happen or maybe just a single word or even a smell will unlock that memory. I want to try and capture it with a story before it's locked away for heaven only knows how long.

The dream!

I woke to my husband spooned against me. His arm was over me and his hand was between my breasts, cupping, my right one. I could feel his hard cock pressing against my lower back. I laid there enjoying the feeling of being naked and safe in his arms. My mind started to wonder, "Did we fall asleep before we made love? OMG did I fall asleep while he was making love to me?" Suddenly I was wide awake.

I got out of bed and soon I was standing in the shower with hot water running over my body. The glass door was covered with steam. Something caught my attention, so I rubbed a small circle and peeked out. I was shocked to see there was a person I didn't know standing at the vanity. I wasn't afraid, I but, couldn't stop watching.

She was young. She had a white towel wrapped around her naked body. Her long blonde hair covered her shoulders. The towel hid her ass but not those sexy long tanned legs and bare feet. I had to keep rubbing the steam off the glass. I didn't want to miss one second.

The steam was getting so heavy that I lost sight of the sexy young female. I rubbed that circle again and there was another female dressed in scrubs, standing beside her. Her scrubs fit her body tight enough I could tell she was in great shape. I watched even more intently. The new lady started brushing my young intruder's long blonde hair. My eyes open wider as that white towel slid slowly down an amazing ass and fell around her bare feet. From the tan lines, my new friend wears a barely there bikini that obviously hid only the most intimate body parts.

I watched as the sexy lady, whom I assumed was a nurse gently kissed around a beautiful neck. My hand unconsciously slid between my legs. My hand directed the very warm water against my equally hot slit.

Suddenly the shower door opened, and the nurse handed me the brush. I was in a daze from the mesmerizing show I was watching but I knew exactly what I was to do with that brush.

I was dripping water with every step, but I didn't care. That blonde hair obviously needed more attention. She smiled as I started brushing. Her smell was intoxicating. She turned facing me, gently placing both of her hands on my face. Her breath was warm as she pushed her lips against mine. It was a mind-blowing kiss as she moved her body closer. Our breasts touched nipple to nipple. As the kiss ended, she gently took my hand. She was leading me out the door into what I thought would be my bedroom.

I had a brief thought, "My husband is going to enjoy her!"

My mind was confused when we were not in my bedroom. Instead, we are outside, naked walking barefoot. There were horses in pastures alongside us. I saw a young woman riding a beautiful horse in an arena. I as we get closer, I realize that sexy young female is naked. Her tanned toned body is sitting straight in the saddle. Her amazing long legs hug the horse, and those sexy feet are firmly in the stirrups. Her perky firm breasts don't seem to move as she puts the horse through the course. Men are standing quietly watching her performance. I couldn't help but wonder if they even noticed she was riding a horse.

The young blonde and I join the men at the fence. As we stood surrounded by men I don't recognize, I notice they have their cocks out stroking as the young woman shows off a lot more than her riding skills. My mind and body were reeling.

My new friend led me away from the fence into a stable. It definitely is a fancier place than our horse barn back on the farm. People who are cleaning the stalls stop to give us a long look as we pass. We go into the tack room. There is an aroma of leather mixed with the smell of fresh hay and horses.

The blonde moved me to a table that was covered with a blanket. She helped me up onto the table. I didn't resist as she tied each hand with leather straps above my head. She spread my legs tying each foot. I realize I am tied to the table spread and helpless to resist.

It was strange but I wasn't concerned; I seem relaxed yet sexually tense. She moved onto the table, on her knees between my spread legs. I lift my head to see her. Her knees were wide enough that I could see her shaved pussy. Her clit looked excited. Her nipples looked hard and excited. Her perky breasts hung down. I was amazed that her breasts were completely tanned except the tiny bit her bikini covered. I wished my hands were free so I could touch. No actually I wanted her to come close enough I could get my mouth on them.

She started gently dragging her nails up my legs. Soon she seemed to be combing my red pubic hair with her fingers. She got oh so close to my wet needy slit but changed directions.

She leaned kissing my tummy. Her tongue darted in my navel before she moved to my breasts. My breath was getting faster as she pulled a nipple into her mouth. Her teeth clamped tight. OMG the feeling building inside my body was so amazing.

She seemed way more practiced at making love to a woman than I. She kissed down my body. I felt her slip a finger inside my dripping wet pussy. She curled her finger dragging it over my G spot. She was amazingly talented.

I was distracted for a moment by a sound. The naked horseback rider was at standing at the door, still naked. She seemed to be collecting a fee to enter. There were several men standing in the small room. They each were naked, and their cocks are hard. My young blonde friend kissed me before she moved off the table only stopping to kiss the sexy naked equestrian before they disappeared out of the door.

I started to struggle at the straps restraining me helplessly on the table as the men moved close circling me. Hands start exploring my naked body. There is a strange man between my spread legs. I feel his stiff unprotected cock press against my wet pussy as his body laid against me.

Suddenly I was awake, in my own bed and my mind was confused. It was 3:00 am. I was drenched I my own sweat. My clothes were wet and there was a very large wet spot on my sheets under my butt. My body was on fire. I was wide awake, and it was two hours before I had to be up.

I got out of bed, took a quick shower and put a dry T shirt on. I went to the kitchen and got a drink. I opened my email hoping against all hope that person I emailed during the day was awake too.

After a frustrating few minutes, I went back to bed. My body was still on fire. My husband was gone until Friday. Then I decided, "BOB!"

I retrieved my favorite toy form my nightstand. I was already bottomless, so I spread my legs wide. My knees were up; spread wide and the bottom of my feet were together. I propped myself up on my pillows so I could see my fingers push my bright blue toy as it disappeared into my wet pink pussy. I turned the vibe on. It didn't take long for BOB to work his magic and leave me totally satisfied and exhausted.

The next thing I know I am being awakened. I was naked, still lying with my knees spread and the blue toy lying on the bed where it fell as it slipped out. At that moment I wished I had locked my door. I had seriously overslept.
