The Fundraiser
by AllieNF

The Nude Fundraiser: Part 35-The Gym Class

As Jenna strode through the hallways towards the gym, her confidence was on her mind.

Her first thoughts were actually doubtful of the confidence she was feeling. She was wondering if she wasn’t confident and just aroused. Watching some of the boys and girls perform may have been exciting in more ways than just support for her friends. She knew she had gotten tingly and a little wet during the performances. Is that what she was misinterpreting?

She shook it off and continued towards the gym. She noticed the stares and cat calls in a way that was at the same time oblivious to them. It wasn’t ignoring them. It was just that they had become the dull sound of background noise. In time, they would fade into the din of the hallways she supposed. How far things had come in just one day. This morning that was the only sound she heard.

As she came closer to the gym, she remembered that she had already had a not so pleasant interaction with her teacher, Coach Weir. She had been with Coach Morgan when Jenna had gone out to rescue Sarah. This memory slowed her walk a little. …but could not stop her. She had to go to gym today.

She had to go to gym mainly because she had missed it on Friday. Due to her altercations with Lauren, and the fear that some of the cheerleaders had made a deal with boys in the class to toss Jenna into the dumpster to dirty her up before the pep rally, she had spent much of the time in the attendance office with Miss Carol. Jenna doubted she could pull off the same maneuver today. She wasn’t really worried that the boys the cheerleaders had made a deal with would go through with the same plan today, but it was a thought in her mind. Lauren was out of the picture physically for today, but surely things had come to light since Friday among the cheer squad that might put Jenna in jeopardy… she shrugged it off. Deciding to be cautious and alert, but not overly concerned.

There was some joy that came to her as she almost reached the gym doors, this was the first time today she’d actually get more than a passing moment with both Livie and Kenzie, two of her best friends. The girls were among the very few people who had seen Jenna in the nude before last Friday, due to a very naughty sleepover that had occurred during the summer covid had rampaged the country. Honestly, Jenna had gotten very few moments with her friends since Friday. They only gym and math together this year, and on Friday she had skipped gym and math had been cancelled for the pep rally. Everything else at school had just been a whirlwind and she just hadn’t had the time apart from a few texts over the weekend. She’d at least get a few minutes in the locker room while they were dressing into their gym clothes.

Jenna entered the gym. There was applause from a smattering of the students. This was her first class with regular students since the event in her history class with Emily and since the variety show that all of these students could have seen. She wasn’t sure which event was causing the applause…but the number of students participating was enough to bring her some kind of comfort. She had friends in this class. Yes, she did. Jenna saw that both Livie and Kenzie were among those applauding. That made her smile.

…Then Coach Weir ruined the moment.

“Get you butts in the locker rooms and get changed! We have a big day.” The teacher shouted, punctuating her command with a whistle.

Jenna started heading for the locker room, even if all she had to do was get her bag in a locker. Coach Weir ruined that too.

The crotchety gym teacher sneered at her student, “Where do you think you’re going, Jennaked Jenakins?” And followed it up with a cackle at what she thought was a clever name.

Jenna cringed at the sound. She stopped and turned around.

“Put your bag under the bleachers and get in your squad row. You’re already ‘changed.’” The Coach ordered, using quote fingers for the word ‘Changed.’

Jenna complied. It wasn’t difficult and maybe letting the coach have a few of the easy ones was the best course of action.

The bell rang for the official start of class…and a beat later the loudspeaker came on with an announcement from the main office.

“Students of Kentucky Central High School, I’m Mrs. Dugan of the school board.” The voice paused for a brief moment. “Some of you may have seen the ambulance pull up out front. I wanted to address that. Former acting Principal Ritaworth has been removed from her post and sent to the hospital for evaluation. We wish her a speedy recovery.”

Jenna smiled. That last part was a lie, but no need to rub salt on the wound by saying it.

Mrs. Dugan’s voice continued. “In the interim the board has decided to install Vice Principal Adams as the new acting principal.”

Her eyes went wide and there was a sudden pit in her stomach, Jenna knew that wasn’t the plan.

The sound of the phone switching hands came through the intercom, followed by Mr. Adams’ speaking. “Students, staff and faculty are to refrain from any teasing, touching, and all other humiliating acts against any students, specifically the brave boys and girls from the drama club. …Until further notice. Thank You.”

And the intercom clicked off.

Jenna’s mind started doing somersaults. That wasn’t the plan. It wasn’t as strong as the actions that had been decided. It didn’t give the drama kids the power or rights to fight back. What did he mean by ‘Until further notice?’ Every ounce of confidence that Jenna walked into the room with was gone. Her posture deflated as several students started flowing out of the locker rooms in their gym clothes.

Sitting naked on the floor of the gym a few moments later, surrounded by all of the other students, who were not naked, made Jenna feel self-conscious in a different way than being naked at a desk in a room filled with clothed students.

The act of sitting on the floor was generally normal for this situation, but unclothed it felt awkward. She kept trying to adjust to feel more comfortable…to keep parts of her body from touching the disgusting floor. Her squirming was not helping her. The roller coaster of excitement, confidence, fear, loss of confidence, sudden arrival of the unknown parameters and change in plans…it had been playing on her mind. While she was not what she knew to be traditionally horny, her body and mind craved an escape…a release.

“Jenna, are you alright?” Livie asked from the column beside her.

“Yes, I’m-” Jenna started to answer but was interrupted by Coach Weir.

“Alright, 10 laps of the gym as a warm up. Get moving. Hustle! Hustle! Hustle!”

At least things were going to be normal, Jenna thought as she got to her feet and started jogging the edges of the gym with the rest of the students. Her c-cups bouncing gently with her strides. She hated doing this without shoes and her feet were still slightly tender from the parking lot and her rescue of Sarah, but she could handle it. She just did it. This was normal. This is what gym class is like when you’re naked. It wasn’t anything special.

Some of the boys started speeding up and bumping Jenna as they passed her, brushing against her and running into her on purpose. She kept a good pace, but these boys were doing it on purpose.

Livie and Kenzie tried to provide some cover, jogging closer to Jenna…but it was no use. Kenzie was knocked fully to the floor for her efforts.

“This is madness, she should be stopping this.” Livie half whispered to Jenna.

“Not going to happen. Coach Weir isn’t hiding her contempt towards me or her joy in my predicament.” Jenna responded as best she could between bumping.

“I haven’t had a chance to tell you, I was sorry for what happened in your history class.” Livie’s comfort was interrupted by a passing boy.

“Thank You.” Jenna earnestly said to her friend as their teacher blew her whistle ending the warm-up.

“Long Enough,” she shouted, “Time for volleyball.”

Some of the boys who had finished their jog fast were pulling out the net and balls for the game.

Coach Weir looked at the class, some of them still catching their breath. “Today, we’re playing guys versus girls…with one exception.”

Jenna’s eyes and head sank. Expecting the worst.

“Jenna will play on the boys team. Center position. Never rotate.” She smiled with a broken smile that said she knew what she was doing. “Hit the court!”

Livie grabbed Jenna’s hand and squeezed it as the girls parted for their respective sides.

After a moment of figuring out the starting line-ups. The game began.

The first few volleys showed Jenna exactly what she was up against. The boys took every opportunity to be in her space and touching her. Bumping into her, as they did in the jog among other things. After each positive move, whether she was involved or not, several of the boys would swat her ass. Some had turned it into a game of tackle volleyball, as almost every play ended with a pile on top of Jenna.

The girl’s team had already scored enough points to win. The boys weren’t playing for that honor, they had a different goal in mind.

The actions of the boys continued to get more aggressive, but Jenna couldn’t fight back. The new acting principal didn’t give her that power. He did dissuade this type of torture… but there wasn’t anyway Jenna could stop it.

She could see Livie and Kenzie on the other team, worried and scared for the friend. Livie had tried to talk to Coach Weir about it, but was rebuked and threatened with detention.

Jenna continued to take the abuse well into the second half of the class, the boys finally getting daring enough to try and actually touch her pussy during the pile-on at the end of each play.

Their actions weren’t helping her mild state of arousal. The heightened activity, the stress, the fear all added to Jenna’s swirling and misunderstood emotions. She imagined this is what a boy getting a hard on during a moment at the chalk board felt like. She couldn’t really pinpoint why she was feeling what she was feeling, she shouldn’t have been feeling it…but she was.

And when Coach Weir blew the whistle for the end of the game, Jenna had already planned to try to get some relief in the shower, if at all possible.

…But Coach Weir ruined that too. “Hit the showers!”

Jenna started for the girl’s locker room and the comfort of her friends.

“Not so fast, Jenna.” Coach hollered out. “You played with the boys; you shower with the boys.”

Jenna’s heart sank as all the boys in earshot cheered. Some of the girls laughed. Coach Weir cackled again.

There was no way out of this. Jenna looked at Livie and Kenzie, and their eyes were supportive. They’d be there for her when she got out. After all, they would be going to the same class after this one, Science with Mrs. Apgar and Carly would be there.

Jenna used that thought to gather some strength. Besides it was only 5 or so minutes before the bell would ring. There couldn’t be that much trouble in 5 minutes. Especially if she walked slow.

Coach Weir noticed the change in pace and whistled. “Get a hustle on, you’re a dirty bitch after that game, Jenna.”

She took a deep breath that lifted the breasts on her naked body, and as ordered headed for the boy’s locker room. What waited in there? Jenna could only guess…but she was about to find out.


