15. – Decisions

Our first meeting had gone from frosty and unwelcome to a fragile alliance. Now, as I stood in Lieutenant Colonel Vandemeer’s new office three days later, that balance shifted over to uneasy.

“I have reviewed your project, Herr General. In all candor, I cannot see any usefulness to it. Without a way to measure results, you may as well be shooting arrows at the stars.”

“The exhaustion of the participants should be indication enough!” I braced my hands against his desk and leaned down to glare into his face. “If the project were ineffective, I doubt that we would be seeing so much backlash from it!”

“I doubt,” Lenard began, rising from his seat and meeting my glare directly, “that there would be much difference whether they were effective or no, Herr General. Unless someone can report to me that Brad Crawford is experiencing some distress related to this, I cannot accept such flimsy evidence.”

“Don’t cancel the project,” I snarled. “It’s the best chance we have, damn it!”

“Best chance for what? For allowing him to move about unhindered and unobserved? How many of your metapaths have even Seen him, Konrad?” The young officer’s face went pink with anger as he finally allowed his rigid control to slip. “He is hidden, you fool! He knows exactly how to avoid your agents – he’s been running circles around you!”

“Of course he knows how to avoid them, he used to be one!” My own words caught me by surprise, and I backed off, blinking.

Lenard, too, backed down. He watched me closely, one hand no doubt on the butt of a pistol underneath the edge of his desk.

I composed myself with difficulty. At first I’d wanted to despise this arrogant young officer. Then I’d dared consider him a potential ally. What was the truth here? Could I trust him with Bradley’s life? Lenard had claimed an interest in retrieving him alive; dare I believe that?

Dare I not?

Lieutenant Colonel Vandemeer served Pfalzgraf Hodert directly, reported to him, carried out his orders. What were those orders, and what might they say about the value of Brad Crawford’s life? Or of my own?

Cool gray eyes studied me as I ran through my options.

“Don’t make me decommission this project, Vandemeer,” I growled. “Do what you must, our Gamma division is wholly at your disposal. But do not end the Farseeing Project.”

“You are personally involved, Konrad. This clouds your judgment.”

“It does not. Not about this.” I met his gaze, held it. “Consider this a long-term gamble. If you need the personnel for another assignment, we can discuss it. But I seriously doubt that you will find a better use for them. Allow me this eccentricity, against my service record. If you find me unfit, then I request transfer to Berlin.” I hated saying this, I hated playing this card, but if I could not manage at least a portion of the hunt for Brad Crawford, I did not want to watch what might unfold in my absence.

“‘This eccentricity’?” Lenard allowed that high-born smirk to cross his lips again, and he let his eyes drift from my face to my hips. “From all reports, ‘eccentric’ is an understatement, Herr General.”

I almost choked on my reaction as a mixture of dread and betrayal made my stomach churn. My face twisted into a hard sneer as I leaned over the desk once more, glaring into the pale eyes that had dared to mock me with such casualness. “You will conduct your business here, and leave me to my own, Prague. I was running this facility before you were even a vague speculation on the docket. I will continue my work for Esset – for Esset, not Prague – and I will hand them this fugitive in chains before your dogs are even on the scent!”

Vandemeer sat back in his chair, his expression maddeningly familiar: bland amusement with a hint of satisfaction and just a touch of hatred. He clapped his hands with theatrical exaggeration. “Well said, well said, sir!” His eyes narrowed. “But I must correct you. The time for masquerade is long past. If this is news to you, I regret being the bearer of it but let’s get it over with quickly, shall we? You have never been this facility’s commanding officer.”

I resisted the urge to find a chair and sink into it. Instead, I stood and hoped that my reaction did not show on my face.

Deep in my mind, a raspy chuckle echoed over and over.

“From the end of the second world war until the mid-1970’s, Rosenkreuz underwent a transformation into Esset’s premier research facility. I can see you already knew that part of it. Everything here was part of the research. Everything, Herr General. Even the staff.”

This boy, barely half my age, had just torn my reality apart. I struggled to maintain some sense of calm in the face of the whirlwind, felt the futility of it, struggled anyway.

“I know everything about you, up until the day you dismantled your surveillance equipment.”

As though I no longer controlled my own body, I found myself glancing around the office and wondering at the lack of armed guards. I could kill Lenard and no one would stop me. I could make him shut up, make him stop turning my world upside down. Instead, my hand reached back and tugged a chair close enough to be useful. My legs deposited my weight on the sturdy wood and leather, and once again I found myself eye-to-eye with young Lenard Vandemeer.

His eyes no longer harsh, he regarded me with an almost sad expression. “My orders, Herr General, included bringing your project into line with our needs, and, if you resisted, giving you a final choice. You have the truth now. You may continue to serve Esset, no longer a research subject yourself, or you may request a private execution.”

No longer a research subject? Was that all I had been? Was that why they gave me Bradley, then took him away? Was that why…?

The ghosts of my past rose up, begged me to take the second option. The boy I’d shot so long ago at Berlin, the boy I’d used as my shield just this past spring – their eyes implored me to take my place at their side, to cast all this behind me and put an end to it.

Bradley’s eyes begged me, pleading [“No, please, not him! I’ll do anything! Please, stop!”]…

Flickering tongues of flame whispered grim accusations that I could never deny.

[Does he despise you for what you have done?]

A soft sound brought me back to the present: the scraping of metal on wood.

Vandemeer reached across his desk, hand flat upon its surface. His eyes were unreadable. “Many errors have been made here. You can learn from them. Make your choice in your own time, not in mine. The future has not been written yet.” He lifted his hand.

On the desk lay a key.

I picked it up as though in a dream. “What is this for?”

Lenard smiled the sad, real smile again. “When you can tell me, I will be waiting to hear it.”

A/N:

Prague is now more mystery than before, and Vandemeer’s role even less obvious. Konrad has just learned much he would rather not have known. Some things should just stay locked…