Then Mark got out and waved him along. He got out and left his bag in the backseat, awkwardly adjusting his jacket as Mark opened his door.

His house was normal. Two bedrooms, maybe three from what Eduardo could see. One level, white with a brown roof. It all seemed so... so Mark.

His living room was furnished but lacking in any real decoration. Apparently Mark went against the stereotype that all gay men excel in interior design.

“Do you want a beer?”

“Yeah, thanks.”

Mark pulled two from his fridge and threw one Eduardo's way. He caught it by thismuch, almost dropping it to the floor.

“I should have had you get them.” Mark smirked at him again. Mostly he smirked, Eduardo noticed, never really smiled.

But Eduardo smiled a lot, so he did back at him.

“You can sit.”

Eduardo went to sit on the couch and popped the top from his beer, taking a long pull. He was trying to keep it together but it was hard when everything was full of his smell and his mark. Mark's mark. Yeah.

“Are you going to ask me why I brought you home?”

Eduardo swallowed the beer and nodded. “Well, I assume it's for dirty, gay liaisons?”

Mark laughed and made his way over to the couch. “Quite possibly, Eduardo.” He turned on the television and started flipping channels. “I might have done it so I could spend time with you.”

“Right.”

The whole thing was weird. Just because he felt like Mr. Zuck-- Mark, wanted to fuck him all the time and fuck with him all the time and not like, actually have a relationship.

Maybe it was weirder that the idea hadn't occurred to him already.

Really he didn't think that Mark actually liked him.

He was really out of his element.

Eduardo turned and looked at Mark watching tv. He was slouched back against the couch and drinking from his beer. His hair was a bit of a mess, probably from when he'd pulled on his hoodie, and Eduardo's mind was buzzing with everything that was happening.

Which was sort of nothing.

So Eduardo leaned over and pressed his lips to Mark's.

He took a second to respond and then he breath in deep through his nose, reaching up and fanning his fingers through Eduardo's hair.

It wasn't as intense as their last kiss, but it was good. Really good. Slow, and soft, and Mark hummed a lot in the back of his throat and scratched the nape of Eduardo's neck gently. His tongue tasted like beer as he licked into his mouth.

Mark pulled back and rested his head on the couch, looking at Eduardo with a grin. “Do you want to sit on my lap?”

Eduardo nodded. He moved over him, straddling his thighs before sitting and coming nose to nose with Mark.

“Hi.”

Mark coughed a laugh in his chest. “Hi.” His hands came up and pulled off Eduardo's jacket, letting it fall to the floor. He undid his tie, grasping both ends and tugging his head closer for a quick, wet kiss. He began to unbuttoned his shirt and Eduardo wondered if he could felt his heart pounding against his knuckles.

He wanted more kissing.

He felt really slutty all of a sudden.

Eduardo bit his bottom lip and Mark's eyes went darker.

“I really like your mouth.” Yeah, he sounded like a porn star. A cheesy one.

“Tell me what you like about it.” Mark's hands were brushing over his chest, now, teasing his stomach with light touches.

Eduardo took a second to breath and Mark casually ran a nail over his nipple. Eduardo hissed at the punishment and felt his cock harden with it.

“I like kissing you. I love how full your lips are, how red. I-I think about them wrapped around my cock.”

“You have to be a good boy to get my mouth around your cock, you know that, right?”

Eduardo swallowed as Mark slid his hands around to stroke his back. “Yes.”

“Yes?”

“Yes, sir.”

“What would you do to get my mouth there?”

He was going to die, that was going to happen. No, but he could do this.

“Whatever you want, sir. I'd,” fuck, “I'd let you hurt me.”

He didn't know where that had come from.

“Hurt you how?”

“Bite me, scratch me, I- want you to bruise me with your fingers, would you like doing that to me, sir?”

Mark hummed again, pulling Eduardo against him with his hands on his ass.

His hands. Were on his ass.

“You'd look pretty with bruises all over you.” Mark kissed him, bit his lips, dug his fingers into the flesh of his ass and Eduardo felt dizzy and good and bad all at once. “Would you let me spank you for my mouth?” He whispered against his tongue and Eduardo gasped.

“Yes.”

But he didn't spank him, he just kept kissing him, hard and soft and frantic and slow. He didn't know how long they make out, just him on top of his lap on the couch with Dr. Oz mumbling at them from the television.

Eduardo didn't think he's ever kissed someone for this long.

He pulled back eventually and breathed, just breathed in as much air as possible and when he met Mark's eye he smiled.

“I'm hungry.”

Mark raised an eyebrow and Eduardo laughed.

“Not for that.” Maybe later, though. Definitely later.

Eduardo stood up and tried to ignore the ache in his groin as he made his way to the kitchen. A quick look in the cabinets, the fridge, and the freezer told him Mark didn't make regular shopping trips.

“Don't you eat?” He called towards the living room.

“Occasionally.”

Eduardo found a package of Kraft Macaroni and Cheese in the back of a cabinet behind a box of baking soda and a bag of Twizzlers. Mac and cheese it was, then.

He looked over to find Mark had pulled out his laptop and begun typing away.

“What are you always doing on that thing?” Eduardo asked as he opened the box and looked for a pot.

“Is that any of your business?” But his tone was teasing. “I code for different websites for extra cash.” He said it like it was the saddest thing in the world.

“Don't you get sick of it? It seems pretty boring.”

Mark stopped talking, and took a moment before he spoke. “I'm good at it. I like the results. It just comes naturally to me.” Eduardo felt like there was a 'unlike other things' Mark didn't add to that sentence.

Eduardo let it drop and let Mark code as he prepared dinner.

He brought out bowls and spoons and handed one to Mark who took it without thanks.

“You didn't have any milk so this might be pretty disgusting.”

Mark shrugged and shoved a spoonful in his mouth. Eduardo just laughed. He glanced over at the computer screen and studied the lines of code. He knew some basic coding from class but this was way advanced for him.

“That looks good.”

Mark gave him a skeptical look. “Do you even know what it means?”

“No.” Eduardo grinned at him though.

Mark just shook his head and went back to typing. After a minute Eduardo nudged him with an elbow and told him his dinner was getting cold.

- -

Later, after they'd eaten, Mark closed his laptop and stood up, making his way to the hall. “I'm going to take a shower.”

Eduardo nodded, eyes still on the episode of CSI on tv.

Mark stopped and turned around. “Come with me.”

Oh, yeah. “Okay.” Eduardo turned off the television and followed Mark to his room. Mark went into the bathroom and stripped and Eduardo bit at his lip, not knowing what to do.

“Eduardo, take off your clothes and come in here.”

Easy enough.

Except he hadn't seen Mark totally naked yet, and Mark hadn't seen him, and he felt a lump forming in his throat at the whole idea of them being naked together because he wanted that, badly, but yeah. He put his clothes on Mark's bed and walked tentatively into the bathroom. Mark was already in the shower, the glass door fogging up with steam. Eduardo took in his thin silhouette and felt his cock swell. He walked into the shower, closing the door, and turned to see Mark standing under the spray with his back turned to him.

He was thin, and a bit pale. The water over his skin fell down in streaks over his back and Eduardo found himself staring down at his ass. His breath came faster and he told himself it was just the heat of the shower.

Well, really, it was his ass.

Mark turned and met his eyes. Eduardo realized he was a bit taller than Mark, but the way he was looking at him he felt incredibly tiny. Mark reached up and Eduardo's stomach tensed, but his hand went behind him and pulled a bottle of shower gel from the shelf in the corner.

Mark took one of his hands and poured some into his palm. “I want you to wash me. If you do a good job, maybe when we get out of the shower we can play.”

Fuck. "Okay."

He brought his hands to Mark's shoulders and started there, rubbing the gel into his skin until it began to suds up. He couldn't pull his eyes away from Mark's, who didn't flinch or turn away. His eyes were dark and lidded, but he seemed to relax beneath Eduardo's touch.

He worked his hands over his neck, gently running his palm up and down his throat. He slid his thumb into the little dip between his collarbones and tried to hold back a grin watching his Adam's apple bob up and down.

Eduardo stepped a bit closer to Mark, washing his back with long, firm strokes. His lips were inches from his, he could feel his breath on his face and he wanted to kiss him, he wanted Mark to push him against the tile wall and fuck him right there. Fuck, he would lick him clean if he asked. Eduardo opened his mouth and let Mark suck in the air he let out.

His skin felt so good, smooth and wet and Eduardo let himself look down. God, he was hard against his stomach. When Eduardo looked back up Mark licked his lips and he thought about what would you do for my mouth and please, please, he wanted it so bad.

“Is this okay, sir?” He whispered, barely heard above the jet of warm water behind them. Mark nodded slowly, and his eyes closed as Eduardo's hands came down over his ass. He massaged the soap over his flesh, dipping his fingers between and running them along the opening there. Mark's mouth opened at that, so Eduardo did it again, and Mark's chest swelled with a large intake of air.

Eduardo worried he wouldn't even make it out of the shower.

He moved his hands over his hips, his stomach, down into the course hair, grasping his dick with one hand and his balls with the other. Mark's head fell back and he steadied himself with a hand on the wall. Another came up over Eduardo's head, firmly pushing him down until he got on his knees.

It hurt, kneeling on the shower floor, but he barely felt that with Mark's hard cock in his face.

“Use your mouth, but don't suck me.” Mark said above him.

Eduardo didn't hesitate. He closed his eyes and pressed his face into his crotch, rubbing his mouth up and down his hot, hard length. He washed his thighs with his palms, washed his shins, the tops of his feet as he worshiped at his prick. He felt Mark's fingers move over his cheek, pushing into his mouth, and Eduardo sucked on them. His taste buds stung with the bitter flavor of the shower gel but he didn't care. He rubbed his cheek against Mark's cock as he let him slide his fingers in and out of his mouth.

“Stand up.”

Mark's fingers left his mouth with a pop and Eduardo stood up quickly.

He was wet and hard and desperate for whatever Mark wanted next because it all felt so fucking good.

“Wash up and come back into the bedroom.” He opened the glass door and closed it behind him, and Eduardo watched his faded figure grab a towel and walk into the bedroom.

Eduardo showered as quickly as possible. He didn't wash his hair, just ran it under the water and shook his head. He turned off the spray and grabbed his own towel, wrapping it around his waist as he walked into the bedroom.

He probably looked like a soaked, horny puppy but he didn't really care.

Mark was naked, his body dry save for the few streaks of water on his chest and shoulders from his hair. Eduardo took off his towel and dried himself as Mark rummaged through his nightstand for something.

“Get on the bed. Lay on your back.”

Eduardo's cock twitched as he dropped his towel. He was shaking, just a little bit.

He did as he was told and watched Mark move to the foot of the bed. Damn it, he was fucking gorgeous. There were curls drying against the sides of his face, his jaw was strong and curved and his hands. His hands were so big and his fingers were so long and Eduardo's ass clenched at the sight of them.

Then Mark was making his way up the bed, coming to lay over Eduardo.

“You've been really, really good.” Those hands, they were on his stomach, running over his cock, going between his thighs and pulling them apart. His legs were still shaking.

“Remember what you said you'd do for my mouth?” Mark whispered.

"I'd let you hurt me."

“Yes, sir.”

Mark kissed him then, hard and bruising, and when he pulled away he bit his bottom lip. Hard.

Oh. Fuck.

Mark grabbed his thighs and wrapped his legs around his waist. Eduardo gasped at the press of his dick on his stomach.

“Shhh. You can make sounds, but no talking, alright?”

Eduardo nodded.

Mark leaned down and licked a trail across his jaw, sucking hard at the skin before biting at the fleshy area below his ear. Eduardo hissed and pressed his head back into the pillow.

Mark didn't stop. He licked and bit, sucked and kissed the same spot over and over until it was red and burning and he knew it wouldn't fade for weeks. It hurt, and Eduardo loved it.

His hands were all over him, at one point they came beneath him and cupped his ass. Mark pulled him flesh against his body as he bent his head down further to suck his nipple to attention.

Eduardo let out a choked sound that was half Mark's name and half nothing. Mark reached up and roughly covered Eduardo's mouth with his palm.

“No talking.” He said, his hot breath still on his chest. He sank his teeth around his areola and Eduardo let out a deep groan into Mark's hand.

“That's better.”

Eduardo was leaking on his stomach. He had to keep his eyes shut because he couldn't watch Mark for fear of coming too soon. Mark was relentless. He left reminders of himself all over his body. Hickeys on his neck and his chest, bites on his stomach and his inner thighs. His hips were scratched, his ass felt like he definitely had crescent shapes left from Mark's nails digging into the flesh there.

If what he did before was clean Mark, Mark was now dirtying Eduardo.

He began panting as Mark's mouth hovered over his cock.

“Wasn't there something else you promised for my mouth?”

Eduardo sucked in a breath and nodded, shutting his eyes again at the sight of his head between his legs.

“Roll over.”

Eduardo did as he was told and before he could blink Mark's mouth was running down his spine. His tongue was dipping into the ridges, his nose trailing behind and pressing against him. He felt like he was nuzzling him, and then his teeth sank into the top of his right cheek. Eduardo bite his bottom lip to keep from saying anything.

"Hold onto the headboard and get on your knees."

Mark shifted behind him and ran his hands up and down the back of Eduardo's thighs. He pressed his thumbs deep into the bottom of his ass, deep enough to bruise. "You've been so good, but you still need this."

Slap.

Eduardo groaned, pressing his forehead to the wood slab in front of him. Mark hesitated, and then –

Slap, slap.

“Mark, por favor não pare, é tão bom.”

“What was that? Did I say you could speak?”

His hand came down on his ass with such a sting Eduardo didn't care if he hit him twice as hard again.

“Mais forte, eu quero que machuque! ”

Another slap, this one hard enough to make his eyes water. His dick bounced, swollen and dripping, his heart was racing and his back was dotted in sweat.

“Mais, mais, mais!”

Just pain going straight to his cock, up his spine and all through his body. He pushed his ass out, dug his nails into the wood, and begged to the wall.

“Do you think you're being smart, Eduardo? Just because you're not speaking English doesn't mean you're not speaking. I could leave you here, like this, hard and alone. Do you want that?” Mark sounded fucking winded.

Eduardo shook his head.

“Get on your back, Eduardo.”

Eduardo fell sideways and laid back, breathing hard and staring up at Mark. His face was tinged red and his hair stuck to his forehead with sweat.

“I don't know if I should continue, what do you think?”

“Sir, please, I'm sorry, I need you.” He could barely speak, he coughed for air and grasped the bedsheets beneath him.

Mark grabbed something off the nightstand, lube, and pushed Eduardo's legs open.

“I'm going to make you beg some more.”

Fuck, fuck, fuck.

"I'm going to fuck you with my fingers."

God.

"I'm going to watch as you leak all over yourself."

Jesus Christ, please.

"And then maybe, if you do well, I'll suck you dry."

"Sim." 

Eduardo looked down and watched Mark slicking his fingers up. He held the bottle of lube between his legs and let it drip over his balls, between his cheeks.

He was thatclose to hyperventilating.

Mark pressed a thumb to his opening and played with him, pressing and rubbing, making him squirm and whimper. Finally he slid one, then two fingers inside him and slowly moved them in and out.

"Do you like it?"

Eduardo bit his lip and nodded.

"Do you want more?"

Another nod.

Three fingers soon stretched him wide. Mark's movements were slow and calculating, like he was playing Eduardo's body like an instrument. With a slight press of his fingertips upwards, his cock sprang from his stomach with a large twitch. He was so goddamn hard and he hadn't even had his dick touched since they started.

He felt so wanton, so open and bare and Mark had him wrapped around his fingers, literally. He was sweating, nearly biting through his bottom lip, his ass hurt from rubbing against the sheets where Mark's nails had bit into him.

"Has anyone ever done this before?" Mark was hovering over him, close enough so he could feel his body heat but not close enough to touch. He did plant another small bite below his chin before letting his lips inch towards his ear.

"Fucked you like this, with their fingers, slow so you can feel every push and pull? Answer me."

"No." God, his voice was hoarse.

"No one else has ever made you so helpless, so desperate for release? No one else has ever made you look so beautiful?"

Eduardo's heart leapt a bit at that, because wow. Mark hadn't actually said anything about how Eduardo looked besides telling him he stared at him in class.

Then Eduardo did feel beautiful, and sexy, and goddamn yes desperate. "No sir, never."

Mark curved his fingers again, pressing hard, and Eduardo arched his back with the pleasure.

"No one else ever will, Eduardo."

And fuck, he could move fast, because then his tongue was licking a hot line up his needy cock. His lips wrapped around the head, sucking hard at the slickness, tasting it, humming around him. Then he swallowed around his cock in one hard gulp and Eduardo's chest vibrated with the volume of his shout.

Mark moved his fingers faster, hitting his prostate in a rhythm he matched with the bobbing of his head. With each press, Eduardo's cock hit the back of his throat.

Steady, steady, push, pull, heat, wet, hard, soft, sweat and sex and Eduardo looked down to see Mark's red, plush mouth wrapped around him and that was it. He fisted the sheets and tensed his body, his spine tingling with each spurt of come that Mark swallowed greedily. He blinked up at him, eyes watered and cheeks red, and Eduardo panted hard until his cock was soft and Mark had pulled his fingers from him.

Eduardo struggled to catch his breath and Mark planted a surprisingly soft kiss to his belly. He moved up the length of him and pushed his face against his sweaty neck, smelling him as if he would smell differently now.

"Do you only speak Portuguese when you're in bed?" Mark mumbled against his skin.

"Eu só falo quando eu estou sendo fodido até perder a noção. " Eduardo wrapped a arm around Mark, but just as quickly Mark had pushed him to the side and onto his stomach, Eduardo sliding against the wetness of his come.

"I want to fuck you." Mark pressed his hardness against the back of Eduardo's thigh and rested his face in the sweaty mane at the back of his head. His fingers were still slick as they pushed into his hip.

Eduardo groaned and arched his back, his ass rubbing Mark's stomach.

He was spent, he felt boneless and blissed out but as Mark pushed him further into the mattress with his body Eduardo wanted nothing but his cock in his ass.

"Eu quero você dentro de mim, me faça ser seu." He was mumbling, he didn't know what he was saying. English and his native language crossed over each other in some sort of rant as he rubbed into the dirty sheets.

Mark reached over and grabbed a condom from the night stand, ripping it open with his teeth and sliding it on in one quick motion.

Mark moved his hips, gripping one of Eduardo's cheeks hard enough to leave yet another bruise, and with one swift push he was inside him.

"Oh, fuck. You're tight."

Eduardo felt his cock move beneath him, stirring at the hard slide inside him. Mark didn't take his time, he went all the way in at once, Eduardo's ass still slick from Mark's fingers.

He hadn't done this with many boys. There had been many blow jobs, hand jobs, odd moments of dry humping while kissing ironically in a dark closet, but he'd only let so many fuck him like this. But really, never like this, relentlessly and purposeful, calculated thrusts that felt like the hit of Mark's fingers on his keyboard. Steady and determined strokes. Mark huffed against the nape of his neck, hands at his hips like on the steering wheel, using him to get where he wanted to go.

He was half hard but dripping, moaning like a girl and clutching at the pillow.

"So tight, acting like a slut, you've been so good, so good, and you're all mine, mine, mine." And then he was coming, groaning, and Eduardo felt closer to him than he had since this started. He couldn't see his face, but he sounded open, alive, human and weak and God, next time he was getting fucked on his back so he could see Mark lose his damn control.

But then he was gone, and he felt empty, and needy and he wanted to touch him some more but Mark was standing at the foot of the bed and he was "sir" again, grabbing his towel and wiping himself down. He picked up Eduardo's towel from the floor and tossed it his way. "You should wash up, I'll be in the living room."

Eduardo closed his eyes and ran the towel over his stomach.

It was fucking intense.

It was fucking scary.

He wanted Mark like that always, open and emotional and fuck, this was just sex. It was the first time they'd had sex, but Eduardo knew he wasn't going to do anything but think of him until the next time.

He felt sore, but good, because the pain meant something.

He could hurt, and still feel happy.

He'd never thought that the two feelings could ever be connected, and now that they were, he wanted to Mark to hurt him, order him, just own him all the time.

He got up, thought about taking another shower, and decided not too. He wanted to keep the night on him as long as possible.

He dressed, and went to find Mark in the living room. He was wearing a robe, and typing on his laptop again. Click, click, click, thrust, thrust, thrust. God Eduardo was fixated.

"Do you need a ride home?" Mark wasn't even looking at him.

"Uh, no. I can catch the bus." He wanted to call his driver but he didn't want him to know where he was.

"Okay."

"Oh but I need my bag from your car."

Mark nodded, typing another line, and finally stood up and led Eduardo out to his driveway. He opened his backseat and pulled his bag out, handing it to Eduardo with a tiny smile.

"I'll see you on Monday."

Eduardo nodded, looking at his mouth and thinking where it had been, all over his body and his ass clenched and he wanted to stay the night but Mark wasn't there with him. He was his teacher and he wasn't his boyfriend and that was okay. Eduardo could do that. He walked to the sidewalk and didn't turn to watch Mark go back inside his house.

Monday.

- -

Eduardo spent the weekend in his room.

Chris called him Saturday evening asking him if he was "Suuuuure you don't want to come to Sean's shindig tonight?"

He told him he had a lot of homework and wasn't in the mood for a Sean-apalooza, no thanks.

Really he stared at his history textbook, the words blurring into each other, as he thought about "no one else ever will", "so beautiful", "mine, mine, mine".

He'd gotten a text when he'd come home Friday night from Mark telling him not to jack off for the next two days. His balls ached, as did the rest of his body.

He lost hours in front of the mirror looking at his claimed body. He twisted and turned, examining each bruise and scratch, remembering the slice of Mark's nails in his skin or the press of his fingers. He played with the marks, pushing here and there and relishing in the dull ache that gave him. Picked at the skin of healing cuts and watched dots of blood blossom on his skin.

He took a lot of cold showers. Not that it helped. It just made his skin dry.

- -

The next week was full of nothing but sex and schoolwork.

He still had to pay attention in class, because he was going to be someone, right. Or that was what he'd been told since he was four and in preschool. It was all about being someone, someone important. He had no idea what that meant, who he was supposed to be. But it was something to work towards, anyway. But he spent the week exhausted and distracted, understandably.

On Monday Mark ignored him in class but texted him to meet him in the second floor boys bathroom of the fourth building, last stall. When he got there Eduardo wanted to kiss him, but he resisted. Mark just wanted to watch him jerk off. He did, fast and frenzied, staring into Mark's eyes the whole time. It took him just minutes, it had been a long weekend, and when he came Mark put a hand over his mouth to drown out his moan.

Tuesday they met behind the back wall of the sixth building, where no one ever went because of the dumpsters. It smelled, but Eduardo didn't care, because he was on his knees on the concrete with Mark's cock deep in his mouth.

He'd told him to call him that night, so he did.

"Are you alone?"

Eduardo felt a chill crawl up his spine. "Yes."

"Go somewhere you're not."

So he went downstairs, to the kitchen, where his mom and their cook were discussing menu plans for an upcoming party and ate carrot sticks while Mark talked to him about using his tongue on his ass.

"Honey, you sure you don't want something else?"

Eduardo shook his head and bit into another carrot as Mark described licking his opening until he begged him to stop.

"Miss Saverin, are you sure about the salmon puffs?"

"Do you want that, Eduardo?"

"Yes." His voice broke, and no one noticed, thankfully.

"I think the consomme would be best."

"Fuck you with my tongue, leave your cock untouched. Maybe tie your hands up, your ankles, so you couldn't move, would you like that?"

"God, yes." Eduardo's hand shook as he put another carrot to his mouth.

"What do you think, Eduardo, the fish or the chicken?"

"Well, answer your mother, Eduardo."

"C-chicken."

"Hmm. I'm still not sure."

"Good boy. You can go upstairs now."

He could swear he heard Mark chuckling as he ran up to his room.

Wednesday he skipped his third period class. He spent it sucking Mark off under his desk while he lectured his students from his chair. If anyone thought it was odd no one said anything. After the bell rang and Eduardo rubbed his sore jaw, Mark kissed him, softly, and then it was time for his fourth period.

Thursday Mark texted him to finger himself during the lunch hour, and he made an excuse up to his friends about having to work on an assignment in the library.

"So I can have your fries, then?" Dustin asking, pouting a little. Eduardo laughed and nodded, he wasn't eating much these days anyway.

He went into the boys bathroom and gripped the stall door, fucking himself on his own fingers and thinking of Mark's beautiful hands.

Friday afternoon he went home with Mark again. He made good on his threat from Wednesday, spreading Eduardo out on his bed on his stomach, tying his hands to the headboard with his uniform tie and his ankles to his bedposts with a couple of his own belts. He licked him for an hour, making him shake and sweat and beg for release, for his cock, for his fingers, just anything please Mark, God.

Mark finally curved a single finger inside and found his prostate and that was it, Eduardo came in hard spurts between his stomach and the bed sheets. Mark jerked himself off and came on Eduardo's ass, mumbling a quick stream of nonsense that sounded almost like code.

It was like a honeymoon, Eduardo thought. The next week was a bit more complicated.

- -

“Dude, where have you been?”

“Hmm?”

Eduardo lifted his head from his arms where he had been resting them on the desk and wiped some drool from the corner of his mouth.

Chris sat down in the desk next to him as Mark wrote something on the board. Eduardo glanced over to check out his ass before turning his attention back to his friend.

“You're not answering texts, you didn't come out last weekend, what gives?”

He'd spent most of the weekend at Mark's. Between breaks for food, showers, and coding (on Mark's part), Mark had used the time to well, break in Eduardo. They'd fucked on just about every surface in his house, and against almost every wall. Eduardo had been forced to wear long sleeves all week to cover up the bruises around his wrists that still refused to fade. He really didn't want to, though.

“I'm just busy, Chris. Classes and, well.” This one would get him off his back. “Things are tough at home.” Which was true, it was always true, but right then it was no tougher than usual. Which made it a lie.

Chris nodded, looking sorry, and went back to typing on his laptop. It was really wrong that the sound of keys getting pressed turned him on now.

That week was a bit of a breather, really. He thought Mark was actually trying to torture him, not give him a rest, because it wasn't until Thursday that they got together.

They were in their usual stall in the boys room again, Mark sitting on the closed toilet lid while Eduardo sat down on his hard cock. Mark made him suck on his fingers, so as to pacify his moaning, and Eduardo accidentally bit down on them when Mark's hand came around to jerk him off.

“Fuck! What the fuck was that?” Mark pushed Eduardo up and against the wall, turning him around and lifting one leg over his hip to slide back inside him.

“I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry.” Eduardo gasped as Mark fucked him relentlessly, and gasped again when Mark slapped him across the face.

“Don't do it again.” Mark's voice was incredibly calm accounting for their current situation.

Eduardo's cheek was still stinging and he was just pulling up his boxers when his cell vibrated in his bag on the floor. Before he could get it Mark picked it up and pulled the phone out, studying the display.

He was quiet for a moment, and then placed the phone back where it had been, handing Eduardo his bag. “Who is Sean?”

Eduardo's hands were shaking. “Who? Oh, just a guy I know. A friend.”

“Sean Parker?” Mark asked, doing his own zip and buckle.

“Yeah. I mean, I hardly know the guy, he keeps inviting me to his parties. He's kind of a dick, I -”

Mark suddenly had him against the wall again, but this time he was kissing him, hard, on the mouth which he hadn't done in days. Eduardo melted, licking into his mouth and only wincing a little at the way his cheek hurt as he moved his jaw. Mark nipped at his bottom lip, almost hard enough to cut, and cast his eyes down. “I don't want you to see him.” When Mark met his eye, his expression was dark. “Do you understand?”

Eduardo nodded. Mark left. He thought of how he had come instantly at the hit of Mark's hand on his cheek.

He looked at the message from Sean.

party tmrw nite, COME.

He felt his stomach flip at the idea of what Mark would do to him if he went and he found out. He texted Sean back.

okay

Eduardo was going to the party.

- -

When he'd told Mark he couldn't come home with him Friday afternoon, why why not oh god his hands and his eyes and the way he looked at him over the rims of his glasses with his eyes why wasn't he coming with him again, he'd gotten nothing but a "Fine. See you Monday" out of him.

Well, since he apparently didn't care, Eduardo didn't feel as guilty as he should.

So he definitely wasn't drinking more than usual to forget about how not guilty he was feeling.

Everyone was there. Christy was there, on his arm, looking for her friend Anna and scoping out guys at the same time. Dustin and Chris were there pretending not to be a couple while Dustin downed his third shot of the night. Even Erica Albright was there, pretending to look disinterested and wearing knee high boots. He only knew this because Christy wouldn't shut up about them.

"I'm gonna go ask her where she got those, I'll be right back."

And like a vulture, Sean swept his ass right in.

"Hey, Wardo! So glad you came out man." It wasn't even his house.

Eduardo nodded nervously, swallowing a lump in his throat. "It's a great party." He looked towards Christy to see if she noticed Sean talking to him but her and Erica were laughing hard about something.

"So you here with anyone?" Sean sat down next to him on the couch and a bit close, if Eduardo was being honest. He shifted and that only made it worse, Sean sliding in closer as the old springs sagged below them.

"Um, just Christy. But no, just hanging out by myself, really." He looked over at Dustin who was making kissy faces at Chris.

"I'm real glad you're here, I've been trying to get you to come out for how long now? You always seem to elude me, dude."

Sean was the only guy he knew who could use the words "elude" and "dude" in the same sentence. He also had really sexy eyes.

Eduardo nodded again. "I mean, it's just the way things are." What the fuck was he saying, why was he here?

"Do you want to dance?" Sean tilted his head towards the living room and smiled. Fuck him and his smile.

"Dance?"

"You know, move your body to the rhythm of music?"

"Right. Yeah. Okay." Eduardo downed his beer and tried not to notice out of the corner of his eye Sean watching his throat moving.

Oh, God. Sean totally wanted to fuck him.

Once they started dancing Eduardo felt like a complete idiot. He wasn't a bad dancer, but he usually only danced with Christy or her friends because dancing with guys was just awkward. They really only ended up wanting to dry hump you anyway so why not just go somewhere dark and do it right? But Sean was a really good dancer. Really good. Which just made Eduardo feel even more stupid.

"Hey, relax!" Sean yelled over the music and grabbed Eduardo's hips.

His hips. Which still hurt. Where Mark had pressed bruises into his skin with his thumbs and his fingers as he rocked into him from behind.

Sean bit his bottom lip and moved closer. Eduardo felt like someone had turned the heat up in the house. He caught Christy's eye from across the room and she was giving him the thumbs up sign and grinning.

He laughed, he couldn't help it. Sean smiled at him like he caught the joke he didn't know anyway.

When he pressed himself against him, and practically grinded on him, Eduardo felt his body tense up and he coughed, fake coughed, hard. "I need another drink!" He motioned towards the kitchen and Sean nodded, following him there.

Eduardo grabbed a beer from the fridge and took a sip, coughing a couple more times for effect and taking another drink.

"Better now?" Sean grinned at him.

"Yep."

"Why don't you bring that upstairs, so we can talk privately?" Talk about what? Did guys actually fall for these lines?

But he was following Sean upstairs before he could think about it, passing Dustin making out with... Erica Albright, okay, and Chris looking a bit off-putted. He thought about staying down and talking to him but then Sean reached back and took his hand, pulling him along.

Then he was in some random stranger's bedroom (who really liked cats, it seemed) on their bed, with Sean "Look At Me Fuckers!" Parker sitting next to him.

He felt dizzy.

He realized he was sort of drunk.

Which was good. Because if he was sober he probably wouldn't have pulled Sean to him by his collar and smashed his lips to his mouth.

Sean laughed and pushed him back gently. "Hey, baby, slow down. We've got all night. But I appreciate the enthusiasm."

Everything he said sounded so fucking rehearsed, like he'd said it a million times before.

But he had nice lips.

And it was dark enough his curls looked less tight in the lighting.

Eduardo kissed him again, softer this time.

Sean opened his mouth and licked at Eduardo's lips, sighing a little as he met him with his tongue. They made out for a while, soft at first but harder when Eduardo pulled Sean on top of him as he laid back on the bed.

He scratched at the nape of his neck and Sean hissed into his mouth, licking across his jaw and kissing his neck. Eduardo breathed fast, keeping his eyes closed and mumbling into the dark.

"Bite me, please."

Sean chuckled against his skin. "Oh, you like it rough?"

Eduardo rolled his eyes but nodded and hooked a leg around Sean, rubbing up against him. "Please, Sean."

Sean moaned, feeling Eduardo's hardness on his own and he sucked on Eduardo's neck for a moment before he gently pressed his teeth there.

"Harder."

"Fuck, okay."

He tried again, but Eduardo shook his head. He gripped the hair at the back of Sean's neck and gripped, pulled, "Harder".

Sean hissed and sank his teeth into Eduardo's neck, hard enough to leave a mark, and Eduardo groaned deep in his chest. "Sim."

Sean looked up at him and licked his lips. “What?”

“Nothing, don't stop.” Eduardo kissed him hard, raking his nails under Sean's shirt and pulling it over his back. He sat up to take it all the way off before slowly climbing back over Eduardo.

“Wanted this for a long time, ya know.” Sean undid his buttons like he had extra lifetimes stashed away.

“Yeah, just, just rip it.” Eduardo was panting, he was fucking hard, and he just wanted Sean to keep going.

“Rip it, huh? It's a nice shirt, Wardo, you sure?”

How could Sean be so goddamn frustrating all the time?

“Yes.”

Sean gripped the sides of Eduardo's shirt and pulled hard, ripping it open halfway and leaning down to kiss his chest. He was glad it was dark so he couldn't see any of the bites Mark had left there.

It was dark, and he couldn't see any of the bites Mark had left.

Shit.

Eduardo gripped Sean by the back of the neck and pushed his fingers into the corded muscle there, trying to goad him into biting him again without having to tell him to. He got the message, sucking and biting down his chest, pulling the rest of his shirt up and working his way over his stomach.

Sean rubbed his palm over Eduardo's cock and moaned over his stomach like he could feel it himself. He started to undo his pants slowly, but Eduardo reached down and did it himself, pulling out his cock and stroking it once before pressing it to Sean's lips.

Sean started sucking him off right away but he was trying to tease him, taking him in only halfway and then running his tongue up and down the underside of his prick slowly. It felt nice, but Eduardo didn't want nice.

“Faster, just, fuck, Sean.” He ran a thumb over his wet bottom lip and pressed it into Sean's mouth, leading him onto his cock with a firm tug.

He sucked him off with earnest then, fast and hard and there was just his mouth and his tongue and the blackness of Eduardo's eyelids and the sting of Mark's hand on his face, how he might push him down, hit him, make him suck his cock until he cried and fuck him until he couldn't walk and, Eduardo came with a hard jerk of his hips. Sean pulled off and Eduardo wound up coming on his mouth, just missing his own nice shirt.

Eduardo tried to control his breathing as Sean wiped his chin, and then suddenly his stomach really felt weird. He felt like the beers might back up on him at any second but he'd been more drunk than he was now before and didn't wind up puking. He kept his eyes closed and his breathing even as Sean made his way back up to his face to kiss his neck.

“Fuck, you're so hot, Wardo.”

Oh God, he was rubbing against his hip and how far did he want this to go and this was enough, really, it was enough, but Sean wasn't that bad a guy, really, and he was hard and Eduardo was not a tease but somehow Eduardo felt like Mark would be even more angry if he actually touched Sean.

Eduardo rolled Sean over halfway on his back and kissed him, opening his jeans with one hand and reaching into his briefs to palm his dick. Sean moaned into his mouth and Eduardo gripped him, stroking him fast already, thinking about all the fucking cats in the pictures in the room watching him and wanting to be back home in his own bed. He wanted to look at the marks Sean had left on him.

Eduardo was not the type to give half-hearted hand jobs, usually, but he jerked Sean off fast and rough and smiled when he came with a groan because he could go now.

He did feel bad because Sean deserved more than a hand job for what he just did but he also didn't really care because his mouth was moving again.

“Fuck, that was amazing.” Was it, really?

“Yeah, um. We should probably get back downstairs.” Sean did have to clean himself up but he didn't have to stick around for that, did he?

“Yeah, alright. I'll meet you down there.” He sounded so sure of it, too.

Downstairs Eduardo realized his shirt was ripped halfway down and his hair probably looked a mess, too. He tried to make a dash for the door but Christy was on him in a flash.

“Oh my God, you hooked up with Sean Parker! Sean fucking Parker, was it amazing?” Her big, princess eyes were practically fluttering.

“Yeah, it was uh, great. I have to go puke now.”

“Oh, ew. Okay well I'll give you a lift home in a second. Oh shit, Erica Albright kissed Dustin for an hour and then slapped him when he asked her to go upstairs but he told her he would text her and she just said 'Whatever'. I think she likes him!”

Wait, what? “I'll be out in the car.”

“Oh God Wardo, everyone in school is going to be talking about you and Sean on Monday.”

Everyone in school.

Yeah.