The Maid
by Bonfils (emale@bonfils.com)
 
***

Sylvia had been working as a maid at the Savoy hotel 
for six months now, and was beginning to get into the 
routine. She had even gotten to like the maid's 
uniform she had to wear. Not because it looked good, 
but because there was something inexplicably kinky 
about it.

At 3 p.m., Sylvia was working her way through the 
eleventh floor. Most of the guests were away at this 
hour, and she liked that. It meant she could just 
move from one room to the next, do a bit of cleaning, 
change the sheets and towels and know that the entire 
floor would soon be finished for today.

Sometimes she would even have some time left to spend 
in an empty room, lying around on a big double bed 
with the television on. But God forbid the management 
ever found out what she was really doing in those 
rooms...

Room 1106. No "do not disturb" sign on that doorknob 
either. Great. Sylvia unlocked the door and pulled 
her trolley through the doorway and got ready to 
check the bathroom.

"Oooh. Yeah, baby." 

Sylvia froze as she heard the muffled voice coming 
from the bedroom. It was a man's voice, deep and 
husky. She liked the sound of that voice.

"Yeah, like that. That's so good."

Sylvia left the bathroom. She knew what she was 
supposed to do now. Just get the hell out of there, 
and leave this man and whoever was with him alone. 

The door to the bedroom was ajar, but she couldn't 
see anything from where she was standing.

Yeah, she really should leave now. That would be the 
right thing to do. But she didn't move.

"Oh, yeah. Mmm, keep going."

Oh God, that voice! No, she would leave, but first 
she had to see what was going on.

Slowly, careful not to make a sound, Sylvia closed 
the door behind her. Then she tiptoed towards the 
bedroom door. Just a few steps, and there - she saw 
them.

The man stood naked in the middle of the room. He was 
dark, medium-height and very muscular. Sylvia noticed 
that he needed a shave - there was dark stubble on 
his chin and his cheeks. 

Kneeling on the soft carpet in front of him was a 
naked woman, sucking his cock. The woman had long red 
hair and big, voluptuous breasts, and - she was 
blindfolded.

Sylvia watched them, spellbound. The woman held her 
head still, as the man slowly moved his hips back and 
forth, sliding his cock in and out of her mouth. It 
was long and hard, glistening with saliva. He buried 
the entire length of the shaft in her mouth with each 
stroke. Sylvia was amazed that the woman didn't once 
pull back, but seemed able to take it all.

The man was loving it, too. Breathing heavily, he 
looked down at the woman's face as he fucked her 
mouth. Then he grabbed her by the hair, and holding 
his hips still, pulled her head slowly back and 
forth, making his erect cock enter her mouth over and 
over.

"Yeahhh," he whispered, absorbed in his own pleasure. 
Sylvia could see and hear the wetness as he 
repeatedly entered and withdrew from the woman's 
mouth. She could imagine what this long, hard cock 
would feel like in her mouth, veined and swelling 
with excitement.

The man pulled all the way out. His hard erection 
twitched in front of the woman's face. She opened her 
mouth and tried to catch it, but because of the 
blindfold, she merely snapped at the air.

Finally the man grabbed his cock and guided it back 
into her mouth. Now, she started sucking hard on the 
swollen head of the cock, making loud smacking 
noises. The man threw his head back, grunting with 
pleasure.

Sylvia stared at his cock, watched the thick, hard 
shaft twitching and swelling as the woman sucked it 
like a piece of candy.

"Ahhh yeah," he gasped. "Unnnh..."

And suddenly, he struggled to pull his cock from the 
woman's vigorously sucking mouth. With a loud, wet, 
popping sound he yanked the stiff tool out from 
between her lips. Her saliva dripped from the 
hardened shaft on to the carpet. 

He had been about to come, Sylvia thought. That had 
to be it. He had been about to ejaculate into the 
woman's mouth. The thought excited her. She wished he 
had, so she could have watched.

The man looked down at the woman, breathing deeply, 
composing himself. He was obviously planning to make 
the sex last for as long as possible. 

Sylvia thought for a second. She didn't have time to 
watch it all. But she could stay just a little 
longer.

Tiptoeing back to the door, she locked it, again 
careful not to make a noise. Then she tiptoed back to 
where she could watch the couple in the bedroom.

The man was stroking his cock, smiling.

"Get on your back!" he ordered. 

And the woman obeyed. Naked and blindfolded she lay 
down on her back on the soft, thick carpet. The man 
got down on all fours, spread her legs wide, exposing 
her neatly trimmed, dark red pubes. Then he placed 
his unshaven face between her legs and gave her pussy 
a big, wet kiss.

"Oh," the woman gasped.

The man's hands gently stroked the inside of her 
thighs, getting ever closer to her pussy. The woman 
lay completely still, breathing faster and faster.

Just as his hands were about to reach her pussy, he 
started licking the same area: The inside of her 
thighs, the thin, sensitive skin close to her sex. 
The woman dug her fingernails into the carpet.

Sylvia watched as he licked the woman's thighs, then 
bared his teeth and bit gently into the soft, pale 
flesh of her thighs.

"Aaah," she gasped.

The man kept going, gently nibbling at the sensitive 
skin of first one thigh, then the other.

"Oh please," the woman pleaded. "C'mon. Do it!"

"Do what?" the man whispered.

"My pussy," she whispered back. "Do it to my pussy. I 
want it so bad..."

And gently, the unshaven man placed his mouth over 
the woman's pussy, slowly kissing and sucking it. He 
pressed his lips against her labia, massaging her 
pussy with her mouth. Moaning loudly, the woman 
arched her back, throwing her head back on the 
carpet.

"Yeees," she cried, grabbing her breasts with both 
hands.

Sylvia could almost feel what the woman felt: The 
man's lips sucking her pussy, his stubble scratching 
the tender skin of her thighs. Sylvia felt herself 
getting wet. Slowly she reached under her skirt and 
pushed the crotch of her panties aside to feel her 
flesh. 

Oh yes, she was even wetter than she thought, her 
labia all slippery with juice. She wanted to touch 
herself, wanted to masturbate as she watched the 
couple in the bedroom.

"Ohhh," the woman moaned, writhing on the carpet. 

Sylvia watched as the man drove his thick, wet tongue 
in and out of her pussy. Moving his head up and down, 
he let his tongue enter her wet flesh again and 
again. Then he began flicking his tongue up and down 
as he continued the motion, licking her. Licking her 
labia, licking the inside of her pussy, licking, 
licking... 

The woman was gasping uncontrollably, her ankles 
clasped around his shoulders.

Sylvia felt her cheeks burning. She just couldn't 
leave. Not yet. Slowly, quietly she removed her 
panties and dropped them on the floor. She reached 
under her skirt again, gently touching her naked 
pussy. Just touching her slippery slit made her 
fingers all wet.

On the bedroom floor, the man kept driving his tongue 
into the woman's pussy, faster and faster.

"Oh yes," the woman cried, "oh please, oh yes."

The man held on to her thighs, digging his fingers 
into her flesh. His face was red and sweaty from the 
strain, but he kept going, flicking his tongue, 
fucking the woman with it, harder, faster...

"Aaah," she screamed, throwing herself about on the 
carpet as she came. "Aaah!"

The man strengthened his hold on her thighs, his 
mouth firmly planted on her pussy, as she thrashed 
about on the floor, swept away by her powerful 
orgasm.

Sylvia gently began stroking her own pussy, slowly 
massaging her wet labia. It felt so good. She closed 
her eyes and almost moaned out loud, but she bit her 
lip, struggling to keep quiet.

Breathing hard, the woman was recovering from her 
orgasm.

"Oh God," she whispered. "That was so good."

The man was kneeling between her legs now, 
masturbating. Sylvia watched him stroking his cock, 
making it stiffen and grow. And as she watched him, 
she masturbated herself, rhythmically rubbing her 
pussy, feeling her juices flow.

The man didn't say a word. He looked around the room 
as if searching for inspiration. Then he got up and 
lifted a footstool into the middle of the bedroom. 
Then, gently, he placed the woman face down on the 
stool, her side towards Sylvia.

As he knelt down behind her, his eyes met Sylvia's.

Sylvia almost screamed, but she managed to keep 
quiet. Oh God, what would happen now? Would he throw 
her out of the room? Yell at her? Complain to the 
manager?

But the man did nothing. He even smiled. Kneeling 
behind the woman, he kept stroking his cock, which 
was now long and hard as a rock.

"Are you ready?" he said, looking Sylvia in the eyes.

"Yes," the woman whispered, her face quivering 
beneath the blindfold.

The man smiled at Sylvia as he guided his erect cock 
towards the woman's succulent pussy. Using two 
fingers, he parted her wet labia as he brought the 
tip of his cock up close to her inviting slit.

"Ohhh," the woman cried, "let me have it! Please!"

Sylvia spread her legs as she stroked her pussy, 
staring at the man's cock, long and hard and veined. 
She masturbated, relishing the sensations of 
pleasure, starting from her pussy and rippling 
through her entire body, making her nipples hard.

Finally, the man entered the woman, burying his cock 
in her moist slit with one powerful stroke.

"Aaah," she cried, gripping the fabric of the 
footstool with both hands, trembling all over. The 
man started hammering his cock into her in a hard, 
relentless rhythm.

"Yeah," he hissed, grabbing her hair. "You like that, 
don't you?"

"Yes," the woman gasped. "Fuck me!"

Sylvia felt her legs trembling underneath her and got 
down on her knees in her corridor. Watching the 
fucking couple, she kept excitedly massaging her wet 
flesh, applying ever more force. Her rhythmically 
stroking fingers gradually pushed her labia apart and 
found their way into her tender pussy. 

Oh, yes. That felt good.

"Yeah," the man grunted, driving his erect cock into 
the woman over and over, "I'm gonna fuck you hard. 
Can you feel it? Can you feel my hard cock fucking 
your little pussy?"

"Oh yes!" the woman gasped. "Talk to me! Keep talking 
dirty to me! Ahhh, yes! You know I love it!"

The man smiled, looking over at Sylvia. 

"Oh yeah?" he said. "Well, get this: We are not 
alone."

"Ohhh," the woman moaned, as the man's stiff cock 
slid in and out of her pussy. "Yes, I like that. 
We're being watched? Ohhh. Tell me more!"

Stunned, Sylvia stared at the man. He was telling the 
truth, but the woman had no way of knowing that it 
was anything more than just a dirty fantasy. The man 
winked at Sylvia and continued:

"Yeah, the maid just walked in. She's watching us 
right now."

Hearing herself mentioned in the story excited Sylvia 
even more. Parting her labia with one hand, she began 
fingering her tiny, hardening clit with the other. 
Oh, it felt so good. It made her want to cry out with 
pleasure. But no, she kept quiet, masturbating, 
watching and listening.

"Ohhh yes, the maid," the woman said, her entire body 
shaking with every thrust of the man's cock. "What 
does she look like? Ahhh. Yes! Is she pretty?"

The man looked at Sylvia again. She looked him deep 
into the eyes. And still fucking the naked, 
blindfolded woman in front of him, he began 
describing Sylvia:

"Oh yes, she's beautiful. Young - short, black hair. 
She's wearing that maid's uniform, you know."

"I bet that turns you on," the woman whispered.

"Can't you feel it?" the man asked, hammering his 
long, hard cock into her. "Can't you feel how hard I 
am?"

"Ohhh," the woman cried.

The man grabbed hold of her ass-cheeks and decreased 
the rhythm. He kept driving the entire length of the 
shaft into her with every stroke, but now he slid it 
slowly back and forth, back and forth, teasing her.

"And you know what else?" he whispered. "She's 
masturbating. Yeah. The maid is watching us fuck, and 
she's stroking her cute little pussy at the same 
time." 
 
"Oooh," the woman whimpered. "It turns her on to 
watch you fucking me."

"Yeah," the man grunted. "I bet she likes the sight 
of my cock."

And Sylvia watched the hard, glistening cock poking 
the woman's pussy. She knew just what the woman felt 
now, the stiff shaft stretching her lusty flesh as 
the drove his hard tool into her again and again.

Sylvia could hardly take her eyes away from the 
couple fucking before her eyes. But by now she was 
dying to feel a cock in her pussy, and she knew what 
to do.

She got up and stumbled towards the trolley. Her legs 
felt weak, and she almost fell. But no, she couldn't 
make a sound, and she just barely stayed on her feet.

Sylvia reached in between some flannel towels on the 
trolley and found her flesh-colored latex vibrator. 
This was the one she sometimes used, when she lay all 
alone on a double bed in one of the rooms. She would 
take all her clothes off, find a porno movie on the 
hotel network and slowly, lazily masturbate herself 
to orgasm. Just thinking about that now turned her on 
even more.

She knelt down again. The woman was whimpering now, 
her entire body shaken by the violent thrusts, as the 
man kept driving his cock into her pussy. Sylvia saw 
the muscles of his thighs and ass flex with each 
stroke.

She gently opened her labia with the fingers of one 
hand. God, she was wet. She felt her love juice 
trickling down the insides of her thigh. And then, 
with the other hand, she placed the dildo at the 
mouth of her pussy. With a light motion of her hand, 
she slid the rubbery tool upwards, filling her hungry 
flesh. 

"Tell me more!" the woman gasped. "What's she doing 
now?"

The man turned his head towards Sylvia and smiled.

"She's got a big rubber dildo," he said. "And she's 
fucking herself." 
 
"Oh God," the woman gasped. "Is she really so hot? 
 From watching us fuck?"

"Yeah," the man said, pulling his cock all the way 
out of the woman's slit. "She likes it, when I do... 
this!"

And in one brutal thrust, he buried his cock inside 
the woman's pussy, making her cry out loud with shock 
and lust.

"Aaah!" she screamed. "Yes! Do it again!"

Sylvia started moving the dildo up and down, 
massaging the insides of her aching flesh. She wanted 
to cry out with pleasure, but no. She had to keep 
quiet.

Again the man pulled out of the woman's pussy. Sylvia 
saw his glistening, erect cock twitching with lust 
before he once more hammered the entire length of his 
shaft into the woman again.

"Aaah, yes!" she cried. "I bet she likes that!"

"Yeah," the man said, now fucking her in a moderate, 
insistent rhythm. "She loves it. She's taking her 
clothes off. She wants to get naked now."

The man looked into Sylvia's eyes as he said it. 
Sylvia was fucking herself faster and faster with the 
dildo and didn't want to stop now. And she shouldn't 
even be here in the first place. Watching the couple 
was bad enough. Masturbating at the sight was even 
worse. No, she could get naked. Not here.

But somehow, she felt obliged to. The blindfolded 
woman had no idea what was really going on, but it 
was as if she had an understanding with the man: He 
had allowed Sylvia to stay and watch, and now it was 
her turn to repay him.

Looking the man in the eyes, she pulled the dildo out 
of her pussy and laid it, dripping wet, on the floor.  
Then she undressed, still keeping her eyes fixed on 
his. He smiled approvingly as he saw her naked body, 
her young, shapely breasts pointing little hard 
nipples straight at him, her moist pussy freshly 
shaved.

It felt strange to be naked in the hotel room, 
uninvited, watched by a strange man in the act of 
fucking. It turned her on, and she showed her pussy 
off to him, parting her labia, allowing him a glimpse 
of the wet, pink flesh inside.

Excited, the man drove his cock deeper and deeper 
into the woman, pushing her body back and forth 
across the footstool.

"Oh yes," she gasped. "Is she naked now? Is she 
beautiful?"

"Ah yes," the man grunted. "A pretty, young thing: 
Nice tits, shaved pussy. God, I'd love to fuck her."

Sylvia grabbed the dildo and slid it back inside her 
pussy. It felt so good. As she started moving it back 
and forth, she realized she was about to come. Her 
thighs were quivering with pleasure.

"Pretend I'm her," the woman cried, her voice 
trembling. "And fuck me the way you'd fuck her. Fuck 
me, like you were fucking the maid."

"Yeah!" the man yelled, driving his hard tool deep 
into her pussy again and again. "Take that, you randy 
little maid. Can you feel that?"

Kneeling naked on the floor, Sylvia fucked herself 
with the vibrator. Faster and faster - her head was 
spinning.

She saw the man forcing the tip of his thumb into the 
woman ass, making her whimper.

"Oooh yeah, make me come," she howled, as the man's 
cock kept pounding into her. "Make me... come!"

The man's unshaven face was red from the strain, and 
finally Sylvia heard the woman scream as the orgasm 
hit her. She held on hard to the footstool, as she 
cried out loud with pleasure: 
 
"Ohhh! Ohhh! Ohhh!"

Sylvia felt like screaming, too. But even in her 
excited state she was able to keep quiet. Even as she 
climaxed. Oh, God. Trembling all over, she almost 
fainted. 

Driving the rubber toy deep into her twitching pussy, 
she bit her lip hard as her orgasm sent wave after 
wave of lustful sensations through her body. She was 
gasping for breath.

Through misty eyes she saw the man pull his cock from 
the woman's pussy. Holding it tightly in his hand, he 
roared like a wild beast, as he started ejaculating:

"Ahhh!"

Sylvia saw the head of his cock swelling, as the 
first jet of white, creamy semen shot seSylvial feet 
into the air, spattering the woman's back. As the man 
grunted and yelled, his cock kept twitching, pumping 
out spurt after spurt of hot semen. Finally, his 
orgasm subsided, and he lazily kept stroking his 
cock, until his erection started wearing off.

"Oh baby," the woman whispered, as he bent down to 
kiss her.

Sylvia felt a strange urge to tiptoe into the bedroom 
to lick his cum of the woman's back. She smiled 
quietly at the thought.

Now she had to put her clothes back on and get out. 
Quickly, before the woman took her blindfold off. She 
knew the man would try his best to make her wait, but 
for how long?

Her panties and her maid's uniform lay in a heap on 
the floor. Sylvia picked them up. This would not be 
easy. For one thing, she was still weakened by her 
orgasm, and furthermore she had to dress without 
making a sound. But she had to be quick, before...

Sylvia froze, as she heard the sound of a key in the 
lock.

The doorknob turned, and the door opened. Sylvia was 
sure it would be the manager, catching her red-
handed. She would be fired immediately. She would 
never work in this city again. Damn it! Damn it!

A man entered. Sylvia was confused. She'd never seen 
this guy in her life. He was blonde, thickset with 
piercing, pale blue eyes that looked at her briefly, 
before he rushed past her into the bedroom.

"You slut" he shouted to the woman. "You fucking, no-
good slut!"

"No, please!" Sylvia heard the woman cry. "I'm sorry! 
I'm so sorry!"

"You're sorry?" the blonde man sputtered. "You 
promised me that it was over between you and him. But 
you're nothing but a slut and a liar! This time it's 
over! I'm gonna fucking divorce you right this 
second!"

Sylvia was still paralyzed. She just stood there 
naked, holding on to her clothes in a bundle. So this 
was it: She had been watching a wife and her lover. 
And what was her husband going to do now?

Suddenly, the husband stood there looking at Sylvia.

"And what's this?" he asked. "The fucking maid? 
That's what turns you perverts on? Making the maid 
watch as you fuck? Come here!"

And the husband grabbed Sylvia's hand and pulled her 
into the bedroom.

"No, please," she protested. "I..."

He threw her on the bed, naked.

"Shut up!" he shouted. "This'll teach you not to 
screw up other people's marriages."

"But..." his wife protested, "I didn't know..."

"Yeah, right!" her husband laughed. "You think I'd 
buy that?"

The lover had fled to the farthest corner of the room 
and was quickly putting his clothes back on. The 
husband didn't even seem to notice him. His piercing 
blue eyes were fixed on Sylvia's naked body lying on 
the bed.

Now he unhooked his belt and zipped down his fly.

"No," his wife protested. "Please..."

The husband crawled on to the bed and pulled out his 
cock. Sylvia was amazed to see how hard it already 
was. Huge and swollen it pointed straight at her 
face, twitching slightly as she watched it. It was as 
long as the lover's, but thicker than any cock she'd 
ever seen.

"Spread your legs," the husband commanded. 
"Spread'em. Now!"

Hesitantly, Sylvia opened her legs. He smiled, gently 
stroking his big cock as he crawled towards her on 
his knees. 

"Please..." she whispered.

Over the husband's shoulders she saw the lover 
running out of the room. The wife stood by the bed, 
leaning against the wall, motionless, watching them. 
But her husband seemed to have forgotten all about 
her - his pale blue eyes were fixed on Sylvia's wet, 
hairless pussy.

"Yeah," he whispered. "I'm gonna fuck you good."

Sylvia still didn't understand how he had gotten an 
erection so soon. Had discovering his wife with her 
lover actually turned him on? Was this just some sort 
of game? 

"No," Sylvia whispered.

Indifferently, the husband steered his cock towards 
Sylvia's pussy, resting it on her trembling labia. As 
he applied the slightest pressure, the tip of the 
head just slipped into the mouth of her moist pussy. 
And then, breathing heavily, he let go of his cock 
and grabbed her wrists with both hands.

"Unnnh," she groaned, struggling to break free. But 
the husband was too strong, and she felt his huge 
cock slowly penetrating her. Grunting with lust, he 
drove the thick tool into her, stretching her wet, 
tender flesh around it, until finally, he had buried 
the entire length of the shaft in her pussy.

He lay still for a few seconds. Sylvia gasped, as she 
felt his cock throbbing and swelling inside her. He 
held on tight to her wrists, and then, suddenly, the 
fucking began. The husband thrust his rigid member 
into her pussy again and again, making her throw her 
head back and scream out loud.

"Yeah," he shouted at her over her cries. "How do you 
like that, you little bitch? How do you like my big, 
hard cock in your pussy?"

The mattress squeaked and bounced beneath them, as 
the husband kept hammering his stiff pole into 
Sylvia's aching slit.

"Oh God," she cried. "Oh God!"

And then, above the sound of the husband's animal 
grunts, she heard the sound of a woman moaning. And 
as she looked up, she saw the wife, still naked, 
masturbating as she watched them.

Shocked, Sylvia started struggling again, trying hard 
to get out of the husband's grip. This was sick! 
Those people were crazy! But it was no use. The 
husband pressed her wrists down into the mattress 
with his entire weight, as he kept ramming his hard 
cock into her flesh.

"No!" she cried. "Stop!"

"You dirty little bitch!" he shouted, almost out of 
breath from the strain, "Feel my cock! I'm gonna fuck 
you hard!"

"Oooh," his wife moaned beside them. Watching them 
intently she was vigorously rubbing her clit with one 
hand and kneading her soft, fleshy breast with the 
other.

The sight of the lusting woman pleasuring herself, 
made Sylvia realize that she, too, was getting 
excited. The husband's hard cock kept pounding into 
her soft, succulent flesh, massaging the insides of 
her sex with irresistible force. Each violent thrust 
drove her closer to another climax, making her moan 
louder and louder.

Sylvia heard the wife screaming - a loud cry of pure, 
overwhelming lust. Had she already come? 

The sound seemed to turn the husband on. Sylvia felt 
his fat cock swelling inside her, as he seemed to 
drive it even deeper into her tender, wet, pussy. He 
was sweating now, dripping little droplets of salty 
sweat onto her naked body.

Gasping, she felt her orgasm approaching.

"Oh yes," she gasped. "Keep going. Make me come."

Roaring like an animal, the husband thrust his thick 
tool deep into her flesh. And again. And again. Until 
finally she felt the waves of pleasure wash over her 
as she came once more:

"Aaah!" she cried. "Aaah!"

Moments later, the husband pulled out of her. Sylvia 
saw his huge cock swelling wildly, as he grasped it 
with both hands. And suddenly, the first spurt of 
burning, white cream came shot out of the twitching 
tool.

"Ahhh!" he yelled. "Yeah!"
  
Sylvia watched in amazement, as the giant cock kept 
ejaculating, pumping jet after jet of thick sperm on 
to her naked body. Long spurts of semen hit her 
belly, her breasts, even her face, as the husband 
kept stroking his cock, grunting with excitement.

Finally, his orgasm subsided, and he took some deep 
breaths, smiling peacefully. Sylvia lay back on the 
bed and closed her eyes.

---

When she awoke, she was alone in the room. She was 
still naked, but someone had pulled a blanket over 
her.

She got up, dressed and looked at her watch. Thank 
God, she had only been asleep for a few minutes. She 
would have to hurry, but she would still be able to 
finish her work on time.

As she pulled the trolley out of the room, she shook 
her head. What had she been thinking? She promised 
herself never to do anything like this again. Ever.

But as Sylvia walked down the corridor, she turned 
her head to look once more at the room number.

1106.

She would try to remember that.

END