Instantly as I walked in through the front door, our eyes met. He looked at me as if it were the first time he had seen me. Well, it had been a very long time since we had seen each other, and this visit was long over do. I couldn't fight back the smile that slowly crept across my face- he was just so perfectly gorgeous!
"Hey there stranger!" he said in a low tone so un-like him. He was typically loud and energetic, but today was different! I walked in, smiling and closed the door behind me.
"Hey baby, I've missed you!" I responded almost shyly. It was the truth- I had missed him- I just didn't realize how much until that moment.
Slowly, we both made our way towards one another, and embraced in a long overdue hug. "God, he smells so good and his skin feels so soft but tough next to me- why didn't I come sooner?" I thought silently to myself, "and I fit perfectly up next to him- he is a hair taller than I!" (I stand at a proud six foot one and weigh maybe 165 lbs, while he stands at about 6'2.) His arms are rock solid, but not super huge, his hands rough but with such a soft touch, and his chest- covered in tattoos, is perfectly defined. He does not have the ideal six-pack stomach but is working on it- it is rock solid!
He waists not time, and gently guides my chin up from his shoulder and looks me dead in the eyes. I cannot help but return the gaze- he already has me under his spell before he even kisses me. Our lips lock long and passionately, our tongues ravishing each other's mouths, passion sparks between us- there is no denying the passion and lust- it has always been there between us! I feel my hips grinding up against him instinctively, and he responds, pushing his already hard cock against me. God how I have missed him!
Breaking the kiss and taking me by the hand he guides me down the hall. "I think what you are wanting my beauty is this way!" I have no choice but to follow him happily. He leads me into his bedroom and silently closes and locks the door behind us. I waist no time and sit there on the bed watching his every move. God he is so beautiful! I watch as he slowly approaches and stands towering over me. Tilting my head back to look him in the eyes I tell him with only the look on my face how much I want him. He smiles down at me and runs his fingers through my short red hair, and my eyes close as I inhale his sent. I never want to forget his smell- so sweet with just a hint of sweat- absolutely perfect! Everything about his is perfect- his build, his blue eyes, his brown hair that hangs down to above his shoulders, I even find his nose perfect! And his smile- his smile is what really melts my heart- how could I, or any girl, resist that smile?
He then leans down and kisses me again. His lips are soft yet powerful. Wrapping my arms around him, I pull him down to the bed on top of me, holding him close. All I can thing about is feeling his body next to mine, never wanting to let him go. After a long four minutes of a kiss, we break and he kneels up, I know immediately what to do as I slowly take his shirt off. I begin to kiss that sexy chest of his, starting at the stomach and working my way up to his nipples. I take the left one into my lips and tease it with my tongue sucking softly. I smile to myself as he inhales deeply. I kiss my way to the right and do the same until I get another deep inhale. I know he won't be able to take much of this. I slowly start to kiss and lick my way down his chest as his breathing quickens.
Finally, I reach my way to his pant line- this is the part that I find the most fun! I slowly kiss right above his jeans starting at the right side and working my way left. When I reach the center right below the bellybutton I playfully dart my tongue down his pants against his skin. His reaction is exactly what I hoped for. His hands run through my hair, down my neck and onto my shoulders, squeezing tenderly and lovingly. I then work my way to the left side, occasionally nipping at the skin playfully. I look up at him and see that he is staring down at me watching my every move. I keep my hands at his hips and kiss the center of his chest- even his skin tastes perfect. I then look up at him again with a smirk on my face that lets him know I am ready to have some fun, and he returns it with that gorgeous smile of his.
I lean inwards and down and take his belt between my teeth- my nose pressed against his skin. Slowly, teasingly, I work his belt free. He chuckles at the proud look of accomplishment on my face. I then begin with the button. I know my warm breath against his skin is starting to turn him on even more as I yank and twist and pull at the jeans buttonhole. Finally I work it free and kiss the newly exposed patch of skin. He inhales even deeper before. Now- my favorite part- the zipper. I look up at him watching his response as I flick at the zipper-pull with my tongue and catch it between my teeth. He is entranced- watching intensely- massaging my shoulders, urging me to go on. I pull the zipper down slowly, inhaling deeply the sent of his erection. When I finally achieve my goals, I slide my hands down slowly, stripping him from the imprisoning cloths.
His long thick hard cock stands upright without me even touching it. Perfect- just like everything else about him. I slowly take his cock into my mouth and tease the head with my tongue. He grabs a handful of my hair. I take even more of him deeper into my mouth, sucking slowly at first. I slowly work myself up to a nice quick pace sucking harder and deeper with each pass until eventually I have his entire penis deep in my mouth and begin to deep throat him. My moans send a vibration through his entire body and he responds with moans of his own. I feel his dick beginning to pulsate in my throat, and not wanting him to get off too quickly I slowly pull my head back and up. He lets out a grunt of frustration and bends down and kisses me deeply as he begins to lift my shirt, breaking the kiss only long enough to pull it up over my head.
He gently leans me back pushing me against the bed. Taking my now fully exposed breasts in his hands he begins to play with my nipples as he kisses my neck and shoulder working his way down. He then takes my left nipple into his mouth and playfully sucks and nibbles, and then does the same with the right. His hands softly run down my body sending chills across my skin. I let out a small gasp of pleasure. His hands gently guide themselves to my pants as he undoes my button and zipper tenderly but quickly, and in one quick motion rips them and my panties from my body!
He slowly kisses his way down to my shaven pussy and begins to lick and tease my cunt, occasionally flicking his tongue against my clit. Soon he brings me to my first orgasm of the afternoon. Sucking and licking my juices into my mouth he lets out a soft moan and moves up to kiss me. I can taste myself on his lips. He then begins to tease me with the tip of his cock.
Slowly rubbing it against and between my pussy lips but not inserting it. I grind up against him trying to achieve penetration, but he backs off and kisses me harder and deeper. Then with one deep thrust he penetrates my dripping wet pussy. I moan loudly with pleasure. God how did I go so long without him!
Our rhythms instantly begin to match each other's as his dick slides deep into me and slowly pulls out. Soon, another orgasm begins to fill my body. My moans have become louder and are beginning to turn into screams of pleasure. I try to hold it in and build it up. He quickens the pace and deepens the thrusts until his head is hitting my cervix. I can feel my cunt tighten as I loose control and scream loudly as my juices flow freely down his pumping shaft. I burry my head in the crook of his neck, wrapping my arms and legs around him tightly as he whispers into my ear "I have missed you baby girl, so much!" Then kisses me on the cheek.
Yet another orgasm quickly fills me and I can't help but sink my teeth into his shoulder. This drives him crazy and he begins fucking me fast and hard until I scream again. My head is thrown back against the pillow with ecstasy and we lock eyes and he continues to thrust deep inside of me. He pulls my leg up over his shoulder so he can get even deeper and kisses me again. I can feel his cock begin to throb deep inside me and begin to moan loudly again. "Please baby, please cum inside me" I hear myself say between short heaving breaths. "No, not yet precious" was his response. And with that, he throws my leg off his shoulder and pulls out completely, but only to flip me over into doggie style.
My ass high in the air, him between my legs, my head pushed down flat to the mattress, he thrusts his dick even deeper than before. He takes each of my ass cheeks into his hands and begins to massage and rub them. Then he spreads them wide exposing my delicate bud. "MMMMM God would I love to take a turn on that ass of yours beautiful!" I could only respond with a moan in confirmation.
He takes his dick out of my cunt and pushes it up against my asshole slightly pushing and carefully working his way in. "Oh God Yes" are the only words that I can get out. And with that and one thrust his cock is deep in my ass.
He begins slowly thrusting deep and pulling out about half way until my asshole begins to gape. He then fucks my ass hard and fast until I have yet another orgasm. I can feel his dick pounding deep inside me, ready to explode. I scream loudly unable to hold back my own orgasm and beg for him to cum inside of me, filling me up with his cum. And with a convulsion and one last deep thrust into the very depths of my bowls I feel his orgasm. His cum begins to fill me. We both finish off with a mutual orgasm as he kisses my back softly. After a moment we both begin to come down from our high, he slowly pulls his partially limp dick from my ass and grabs a towel from the floor. Tenderly he cleans me up first, then himself.
"Next time pet, please don't wait so long!" He whispers as he stands up. I roll over and kiss him long and hard then break away to say "Well baby, what are you doing tomorrow?"
That perfect smile creeps across his face as he stares down at me.