Barbara was like a dream when we first met. I had a thing for older women, and even though she was a young 38, she was much more mature than me at 30, mostly because she had married and had kids young.
She had two kids and an abusive ex-husband. The oldest was 18 and on his way out the door for college, and Jenna had just turned 13 and was already giving her mother trouble. I was happy to help them out as best I could but always kept my distance when it came to real parenting.
Barbara was a natural beauty. Her long dark hair, pretty face, and slim figure were paired with a massive 32F chest and ferocious sex drive.
After only a year or so of dating, I moved in. She needed help with the bills. I happily signed up to help in exchange for sharing a bed and basically having sex with Barbara on a nightly basis. Barbara knew what she was doing in the bedroom and was always happy to let me fuck any combination of her mouth, pussy, or breasts.
We were deep in love, and when I proposed, we had just a small ceremony with friends and family. Jenna had some attitude about it, but for the most part, we got along. However, I always kept my distance, not wanting to get caught up in her volatile 'bitch bombs' - as Barbara and I called them behind closed doors.
With time and marriage, the sex dwindled. We were still fucking once or twice a week but gone were the random blowjobs and on-demand access to her breasts. Missionary and doggy became the norm, and if I ever couldn't cum I'd be lucky to get more than a reluctant hand job just to speed things along so I'd fall asleep.
Still, we were in love, and as the years went by, the three of us fell into a nice rhythm. Jenna's attitude was mostly gone by the time she turned 18, even though she had no direction in life. There were times when Barbara and I fantasized about the kids leaving the house and the two of us taking passionate trips around Italy, where we make love in every hotel room. But those fantasies disappeared. Life became mundane. It didn't seem to matter if Jenna took a gap year before college, though Barbara didn't like it. Still, I couldn't shake a growing resentment as Barbara embracing a slower life in her mid-40s seemed to be holding me back.
We had a long talk about it the night after Jenna's birthday. Barbara had been in therapy for as long as I'd known her, mostly to deal with her ex's abuse, but this was the first time she really directed her concerns towards me.
I was shocked to hear that the decrease in sex was connected to her weekly therapy sessions. I snapped when she compared our previous nightly romps to the same type of abuse her ex-husband, who hit and raped her, used to give.
I couldn't believe the comparison and ended up shouting at her for the first time in the history of our relationship at the ridiculousness of that accusation. It may have been insensitive on my part, but I was caught in the moment and Barbara was a stronger woman now, she was shouting right back at me.
To me, I wasn't even in the same realm as her ex, we used to 'make love' on a nightly basis, it was never even close to rape, and I never felt like there was any way I could be violating her. I tried to be as respectful of her feelings as possible, but it didn't de-escalate.
There was no way Jenna didn't hear our fight that night, not that it really mattered, but she was just a thin wall away. I slept on the couch after the fight, and a few nights after, and the tension in the house as both Barbara and I were too stubborn to apologize was palpable.
We tried to discuss things further a few times, but they ended in more shouting matches, and after about a week since our first fight I ended it by threatening to leave and stormed off to the couch to sleep off my anger.
Not only was I pissed, but at this point I was horny as fuck. My sex drive had always been high, and since Barbara and I met, I had never been this long without sex. I slept hard that night and had my first wet dream since I was a kid.
I dreamt about Barbara, waking me up in the middle of the night with an apology and a blowjob. Letting me cum in her mouth and proudly drinking it all down before guiding me back to our bed to make love. It was beautiful, and felt so real, as I tossed and turned it was like I could feel her wetness around my cock.
I couldn't help but moan myself awake from the rush of my dream. I hated that it was over, until I realized it wasn't.
The room was dark, but there she was. Her beautiful dark hair slowly bouncing up and down in my lap. My hard cock throbbed deep into her mouth as her tongue danced around my glans.
"Ohhhh yeah!" I moaned as I brought my hand down to hold her head while she flicked her tongue back and forth around mine. "Good girl. Suck that cock."
"Mmmmm! Mmmmm!" She hummed as she slurped me in and out of her mouth. Barbara always hummed while she sucked me, I found it adorable, like sucking on my cock brought her to her happy place.
I couldn't remember the last time Barbara made me cum with a blowjob. It was my number one fetish and had been far too long. With a few more minutes of bobbing and slurping, all of my pent-up stress was ready to explode right into her mouth.
"Ohhh yeah, baby - here it comes. Here it comes!"
I was surprised to feel her take me even deeper as I came hard, allowing me to unload straight down her throat. I helped gently push her head down and pushed my hips slightly upward as I cried out in pleasure, a bit louder than I should have, but I couldn't hold back.
When my body relaxed and I sank back into the couch, she was still sucking. My cum shot was massive, and there was some spillage, but it was dutifully licked up by the beautiful woman who had just perfectly worshipped my cock.
"That was incredible." I panted, still out of breath from the intensity of my orgasm. "Hope I didn't wake Jenna."
She finished up a long lick from the base of my cock to the tip before she replied.
"I wouldn't worry about that." She turned with a smirk.
"Jenna?!" I jolted up, pulling my cock away from my stepdaughter as I climbed backward up the couch. "Wha- what the-?!"
"Shhh!" She put a finger to her lips. "Don't wake my mom."
My heart was pounding, my mind was racing. My stepdaughter had just swallowed my cum. I didn't know it was her. I didn't know it was her!
"Calm down." Jenna had a wicked smirk on.
"Jenna, what the fuck?!"
"Shhhh!" She shushed me again. "Seriously, don't wake mom."
I shut my eyes, honestly part of me hoping this was a dream and I could just make it go away.
"It's okay." My stepdaughter caressed my leg. "I'm not going to tell anyone."
"Jesus Christ, Jenna. That doesn't make it okay!"
"Why not?"
"You're my stepdaughter. I'm married to your mother. I thought you were her!"
"Oh please." Jenna scoffed. "The walls here are paper thin, you think I didn't hear every word of your fighting the past few nights? You think I didn't hear when you used to have sex every day, and now how you have to beg her to get your dick sucked?"
"I... I..." my mind was still racing. How the fuck was I going to explain this to Barbara.
"Listen. It is what it is, you guys have problems just like everyone else, but I'm eighteen now and you needed help, that's all this was and that's all this will be."
"Will be?"
"Yup." She continued. "My mom's being ridiculous, I know my dad was a piece of shit to her, but you've always been great to her. To all of us. If she doesn't see that you deserve to be taken care of, I'm happy to step in."
"Jen... We... We just can't."
"Fine." She started to get stern. "But at least hear my offer, you don't have to decide now."
I looked into her beautiful brown eyes as she spoke to me firmly, and as a woman for the first time. She truly was a true beauty, just like her mother. She wasn't blessed with the massive chest, but her perky C cups certainly held their own, and her body was nice and tight with an adorable little ass. Her face was youthful but distinguished. She had natural long lashes and soft, pouty lips; it was crazy to think she'd even consider an old guy like me.
"Tomorrow morning, you can go into your bedroom, apologize, talk more about how boring your sex life is going to be and how she refuses to make you happy for the rest of your lives. Then, come find me, and without even having to say anything, you can just pull out your cock, and know that whenever you need a blowjob, or just feel like cumming in my sexy eighteen-year-old mouth, or on my face... you can."
My cock noticeably twitched, Jenna's eyebrows perked up immediately.
"I think I have my answer." She smirked.
Before I could say anything else, Jenna got up to leave.
"Jenna." I paused. "I love you, but this can never happen again."
"We'll see." She shrugged before prancing back to her room.
Suffice to say, I didn't sleep again for the rest of the night. My mind raced with fear and regret, meanwhile my cock was hard the entire time as I replayed Jenna's talented oral skills and thought about the idea of a world where I could get my dick sucked basically on demand.