Part 15

Buck stepped out of the livery stable and stood in the building’s shade, feeling relaxed after more than an hour of peace and quiet with Misty and looking around as he wondered what his friends were up to. He spotted JD first, sitting in front of the jail looking surprised while Casey stood nearby and talked earnestly to him. The girl was wearing a pretty dress for a change, and Nettie was in their buckboard not far away looking resigned as she waited for Casey. After a minute or two JD finally nodded and stood, taking Casey’s hand to walk with her to the buckboard and help her in with a smile. Nettie and Casey both said something and then Nettie whipped up her team and they cantered out of town while JD hurried towards Buck.

“Buck!” JD called when he got within twenty feet, “Do you need me to stay in town this afternoon? Nettie and Casey want me to come fix their corral and stay for dinner. Brandywine kicked out some boards fighting with one of the geldings that got too close to her new colt.”

Buck laughed. Nettie and Casey were both very capable ladies, and they needed JD’s help to fix a few busted boards about as much as Chris needed JD helping him load a gun. If they wanted JD out to visit them, there was an even chance that Casey had changed her mind on the whole marriage issue. That would explain Nettie’s resigned look and Casey actually wearing a dress. Even on Sundays the girl usually wore britches, though the ones she wore to church were a lot nicer than her usual attire.

“No JD, go on,” Buck said, grinning. “Chris and Vin will be back before long, and they’re taking over the rest of the afternoon. I reckon me and Ezra can keep things in hand until then.”

Chris and Vin hadn’t agreed to that yet, of course, but Buck didn’t intend to give them much choice. He’d been doing his part while they were gone and now it was their turn to sit around on the boardwalk being bored out of their skulls while he did a little roaming. Of course, knowing those two, they wouldn’t even be bored. They seemed to actually enjoy watching the world go by, usually without saying a word while still constantly commenting to each other in that infuriatingly silent way of theirs. A few minutes spent on the boardwalk near them often ended with Chris and Vin snickering at something and always made Buck want to swat one of them upside the head and tell them to let everyone else in on the joke. The most maddening part was that if he did ask they usually couldn’t explain what had struck them so funny, as if it was too deeply intuitive to them for anyone else to understand.

JD beamed. “Thanks Buck!” He didn’t say any more, hurrying past Buck into the barn to saddle his gelding so he could ride out after Nettie and Casey.

Buck headed across the street, muttering to himself, “Good luck, kid. You’re gonna need it.” He was stepping up onto the boardwalk when he noticed Ezra and the widow Calhoun a bit further down, and he grinned as he hurried to catch up to them. He slowed as he got closer, not wanting to scare Miss Lorrie by running up behind her, and his eyebrows rose when he heard what they were talking about.

“And you must dice the butter before mixing it into the sifted flour?” Ezra asked, sounding curious and pleased.

“Oh yes!” Miss Lorrie replied quickly, smiling warmly at Ezra. “It has to be about the size of a sweet pea. That’s the secret to a wonderful crust, Ezra. Well, that and keeping it as cool as possible until you’re ready to use it. Mother always insisted it had to be put on ice for at least an hour, but I haven’t been able to do that out here, as I am sure you understand.”

“Quite,” Ezra agreed, chuckling softly. “It is rather difficult to obtain ice here most of the year.” He glanced over his shoulder, adding, “And I rather doubt you are interested in making pies, Mr. Wilmington, so to what do we owe the dubious pleasure of your presence?”

Miss Lorrie stopped and turned to look at Buck quickly, surprised, and Buck swept off his hat and grinned at her before he answered Ezra. “Just wonderin’ where you’re taking such a lovely lady, Ezra.” He looked pointedly towards the end of the boardwalk, which wasn’t much farther along, and then back at Ezra, who had stopped when Miss Lorrie did. “Until I heard you talkin’ cookery, that is. Since when do you know how to bake a pie?” Speaking of pie, there was a nice one in that basket Ezra was carrying unless Buck’s nose had gone haywire. The smell of peaches and pastry was enough to set Buck’s mouth to watering even though he’d had lunch and two pieces of Mrs. Potter’s apple pie at the potluck.

Miss Lorrie laughed softly as Ezra drew himself up to his full height and gave Buck a disdainful look. “I am an accomplished chef, Mr. Wilmington. I simply refuse to waste my talents on those – such as yourself – who consider canned beans cooked with chunks of jerky as a fit meal.”

Miss Lorrie giggled, looking at Buck. “Oh surely you don’t! That sounds dreadful.”

“That’s trail food, ma’am. After a day in the saddle it tastes mighty good.” Buck smirked at Ezra, adding, “And I seem to remember you eatin’ it more than once, Ez.”

Ezra gave Buck such a superior look that Buck suddenly wanted to mess up his hair or something equally childish, just to wipe that look off of his face. “When one is starving, there are many things a body can stomach, including your rather execrable cooking.”

Miss Lorrie giggled and patted Ezra’s arm. “Oh, you poor thing.” She leaned against Ezra’s shoulder, giving him an impish smile. “Most men are terrible in the kitchen though, I think. I know my Rory couldn’t make anything more complicated than biscuits, and from what Vin has said he and Mr. Larabee are even worse.”

Ezra laughed. “You may believe every word Vin said on the subject. Given the choice, I would rather eat Buck’s dubious efforts than turn either of those two – well intentioned though they may be – loose in my kitchen. Their baking efforts in particular are… memorable.”

Buck snickered even though he was wondering when Vin and Miss Lorrie had discussed Chris’ cooking, and why. “Chris makes what my momma used to call ricochet biscuits.”

Ezra chuckled softly and nodded. “On a good day.”

Miss Lorrie looked bemused. “I’m almost afraid to ask, but curiosity has the better of me.”

“A ricochet biscuit,” Buck explained with a wide grin, “is a biscuit that you can throw at the wall and it’ll ricochet right back into your mouth. Ma always said you were better off going hungry if it did, ‘cause that biscuit was probably tougher than an old shoe.”

Ezra smirked. “And Mr. Larabee’s biscuits are unquestionably of that eminently tough variety. It has been my misfortune to accidentally try one on several occasions, and I have never failed to regret it. They appear to be good biscuits, as a rule, but appearances are not to be believed where Chris’ cooking is concerned.”

Miss Lorrie laughed softly. “No wonder Vin said they get their biscuits and most of their meals in town.”

“It’s self defense, really,” Ezra agreed, smirking at Miss Lorrie. “Even a written recipe could not aid Chris in his endeavors to bake. I know, because I have supplied him with one on several occasions. It was a dismal failure every time.”

Buck grinned “I bet he lost the recipe almost as soon as you gave it to him, Ezra. Next time tuck it into one of his books, he doesn’t lose them.”

Ezra snorted, giving Buck an amused look. “I would do better to give him a book of recipes. He needs them badly.”

Buck snickered. “I bet Vin’d appreciate it. Chris won’t hardly share a kitchen, and livin’ with him Vin’s stuck eatin’ his cookin’ more often than not.”

Miss Lorrie laughed softly. “I had gathered that they spend a lot of time together working, but I didn’t know they live together.”

Buck managed not to let his surprise show on his face, keeping his grin plastered on and vainly looking for an explanation.

Ezra saved Buck the trouble of thinking up something to say, giving Miss Lorrie an amused grin. “They do, though Vin still hasn’t bothered to move his belongings as yet and they both have rooms in town as well. They are going into the horse business together, and building the facilities they will need takes all of their limited free time. Vin has never enjoyed living in town, so it seemed only natural for him to stay at the ranch while they’re working.” He laughed and leaned a bit closer to Miss Lorrie, green eyes sparkling. “They have nearly finished the barn, improved the pastures, put down two pitcher-pump wells, and cleaned out most of half a mile of the creek, and yet Vin still sleeps in the loft because they can’t be bothered to finish the cabin and put in the second bedroom. Heaven forbid they might both sleep in comfort when their horses aren’t being pampered.”

Buck hid his relief at Ezra’s explanation, wondering how much of it was true and how much Ezra made up on the spot. Knowing the way Ezra and Vin talked, it might well all be true. Buck had been out to Chris’ place often recently, but he hadn’t really paid attention to what all they had done. He had been sure that Chris would never raise horses again, so he hadn’t figured they had much work planned anymore.

Miss Lorrie smiled and shook her head. “My younger brother was just the same, bless his soul. He rode a big dark bay Thoroughbred and doted on that horse as if it were his own child. Daddy gave Calypso to him as a yearling when Jamie was thirteen, and they grew up together.” Her smile faded away. “His commander wrote to me after his death and told me that they found Calypso still standing guard over him nearly a day after a particularly prolonged fight, protecting him from any who approached even though his foreleg was broken. Jamie was barely nineteen, and died of a head injury. His commanding officer had to put Calypso down, and wrote to let me know that Jamie slipped away without ever having to know Calypso was gone.” She smiled sadly. “That horse was his life.”

Ezra stared at Miss Lorrie for a long moment, so obviously shocked that Buck wondered what in the world Ezra was thinking, and then Ezra asked softly, “Corporal James McMichael? Of Company G of the Sixth?”

Miss Lorrie looked at Ezra quickly, eyes widening as she nodded. “The very same.”

Ezra stared a moment longer and then murmured as if to himself, “The people one meets in the wilds of this benighted territory.” He seemed to recall where he was and smiled suddenly as he gave Miss Lorrie a gallant bow, sweeping off his hat and somehow holding her basket steady to one side without ruining the effect. “You simply must be Lorraine. You seem to recall corresponding with me as Edward Whiteford, ma’am, then a Lieutenant, also of Company G of the Pennsylvania Sixth. It is a very great pleasure to meet Jim’s sister. He spoke of you often.”

Buck stared at Ezra, at least as shocked as Miss Lorrie was. He felt as if his whole understanding of Ezra just got flipped on its ear and scrambled around. Chris had mentioned to Buck that he thought Ezra was a military man not long after they met, but given his accent they had naturally enough assumed that Ezra rode for the South just as Vin had. To learn Ezra fought for the North changed Buck’s view of the dandified Southerner and made him wonder suddenly why Ezra had never corrected Nathan’s digs at him for fighting on the wrong side.

“Whiteford?” Miss Lorrie repeated, wide-eyed and confused. “Is your name not Standish?”

Ezra gave her a self-depreciating smile as he put his hat back on. “I am afraid my dear departed grandfather could not face the thought of his only grandson going down in the history books as one who betrayed his people by fighting for the Yankees, ma’am. He asked me not to sully the Standish name by putting myself on the Union rolls, and I chose to borrow the name of a classmate who had already left the country for safer climes elsewhere.” He grinned suddenly. “It was surprisingly easy to falsify my papers, and then I fortuitously happened to arrive in Philadelphia when the Sixth was being formed. A business associate of my grandfather’s put in a good word for me, and before I knew what had happened I was in the cavalry.”

Miss Lorrie smiled, still looking surprised. “Surely you can’t be the Lieutenant who kept threatening to steal Calypso from Jamie and wrote me that lovely letter to let me know what happened to them both?”

Ezra chuckled slightly. “One and the same, my dear. My own mounts during the war simply could not compare to Calypso’s impeccable quality, and at the time I threatened to steal him I was on a grey entirely unsuited to the night work I was so often engaged in. I borrowed Calypso on more than one occasion for a stealth mission, and owed my life to him several times over for deftly outpacing a Rebel pursuit. He was one of the finest horses it has ever been my sincere pleasure to ride. Putting him down was very difficult for me, but I could not allow him to suffer.”

“I never would have guessed, Ezra,” Buck said quietly, staring at Ezra in surprise still. “Chris and I had you pegged for wearing the grey for sure.”

Ezra snorted and gave Buck an amused look. “I know, Mr. Wilmington, but I assure you that I did not.” He grinned wolfishly. “Unless, of course, I was conning some unsuspecting Rebel. My company spent much of our time behind enemy lines where resupply from our own far better stores was problematic, at best.” He smirked. “At times my decidedly Southern accent came in very handy when we were in enemy territory, as did Calypso’s nearly black hide.”

Miss Lorrie laughed softly. “In Jamie’s last letter he told me of a mission where you and he and half a dozen other men donned the grey and rode into a Rebel camp to capture a paymaster and the men protecting him. He went on and on about how you had the Rebels eating from your hand until you gave the order to attack.”

Ezra preened. “I was rather proud of that one. It was pure luck when my detachment stumbled across the men assigned to protect that paymaster, and I simply could not let such an opportunity go to waste. We had only a few minutes to plan and change uniforms before we rode in, and still avoided a single injury and captured twenty remounts, in addition to the payroll and the prisoners.” He smirked. “We discovered afterwards that particular paymaster was bearing important dispatches from Richmond, as well as a considerable amount of Rebel money intended as the payroll for a full regiment. General Lee’s salary fed my men quite well until we could rejoin our own lines, and the mounts intended for his cavalry allowed us to rest our own for the first time in a very long while.”

Miss Lorrie giggled again. “Jamie was so very proud of that raid. He must have written two pages about it.”

“Well, I’ll be damned,” Buck said suddenly, grinning at Ezra. “You really rode for Rush’s Lancers?”

“I believe we established that some time ago, Mr. Wilmington,” Ezra said, amused. “Do keep up.”

Miss Lorrie laughed. “Ezra, be nice.” Ezra just smirked at her and then looked back at Buck expectantly, waiting for Buck to go on.

“Chris was a Captain then and I was a first Lieutenant. We both rode with Custer that campaign,” Buck explained, still grinning. “I heard of Rush’s Lancers a time or ten. Your unit protected our backs after the battle near Charlottsville.”

Ezra blinked at that and Buck knew Ezra must be truly surprised, despite the fact his amused expression didn’t change otherwise. “We did ride rear guard after that campaign, yes. I never spoke to any of Custer’s men, but Company E did some trading with them.”

“Small world, ain’t it?” Buck asked, grinning. “We were with Sheridan at Petersburg, too. We fought along side the Sixth cavalry, but I don’t remember you Ezra. There wasn’t more than a hundred of ‘em there, and your accent would have stood out a bit.”

Ezra snorted, but it sounded more like a laugh. “My horse was shot two weeks before Petersburg, and remounts were impossible to be had. The unhorsed members of the Sixth were ordered to remain in camp through most of that campaign, but we were allowed to fight afoot at the final battle on White Oak Road. We were only forty-eight men by then, but we did our part.” He smirked suddenly. “One of my men found Chaucer near a creek after the battle, standing guard over a dead Rebel major. The corporal happened to mention it in my presence, and I decided to see what I could do about remounting myself since our dear President could not manage to do so in a timely manner. It took me most of the night to get a hand on him, but it was well worth the effort.”

Buck laughed. “I thought he was ex-cavalry!”

“That valiant charger recalls the bugle far better than I do,” Ezra said, chuckling softly. He seemed to remember Miss Lorrie then and looked quickly at her, bemused. “Do excuse us, ma’am. I had forgotten myself in recollection, and you have errands to run.”

Miss Lorrie smiled warmly at Ezra. “Don’t you dare apologize, I was quite enjoying the chance to listen in. My father was a cavalry man as well, and it’s been such a long time since I was home that I actually miss his endless recollections of his years in the saddle.” She grinned impishly. “Father was a Colonel with Company A of the Sixth New York cavalry, but he was forced to retire after an injury only a few months into the war. He spent much of the remainder of the war telling me stories of his exploits, both real and imagined.” She giggled. “Father ran out of stories, you see, and he so loved to be the center of attention that his stories of battles in previous wars were ... embellished, as it were.”

“That does not surprise me in the least,” Ezra said, amused. “I have met many an old warhorse I have suspected of a similar tactic.”

Buck grinned and glanced along the main street, thinking he had met many of the same, and spotted Chris, Vin, and Danny cantering the other direction, heading towards the livery. “Speaking of old warhorses...” He looked back at Ezra and Miss Lorrie, grinning. “Chris and Vin are about to relieve me as sheriff for the afternoon, so you’ll have to excuse me.”

Ezra laughed, leaning to look past Buck in the direction he had been looking. “And are they aware of this yet?”

“Nope.” Buck grinned a little wider. “That’s why I have to catch ’em before they can ride out.” He tipped his hat to Miss Lorrie. “Afternoon, ma’am.”

Miss Lorrie laughed softly. “Have a good afternoon, Buck. Please tell Danny I won’t be long.”

Buck tipped his hat and winked. “You have my word, ma’am.” He nodded to Ezra and then turned away to walk quickly back up the boardwalk, grinning widely. He had been wrong, Chris and Vin seemed to be headed for where Miss Lorrie’s wagon was parked in front of Mrs. Potter’s store.

“You’ll have to forgive Mr. Wilmington, he sometimes has the attention span of a child,” Ezra said just after Buck turned away, sounding amused.

“Ezra!” Miss Lorrie protested, laughing. “Buck simply has other duties, I am sure.”

“Mmm,” Ezra agreed, and from his tone Buck was sure he was smirking. “I shall take your word for that, despite my doubts. I believe we were on our way to visit with Yosemite, were we not, ma’am?”

“We most certainly were,” Miss Lorrie agreed, sounding amused. “I shouldn’t like to keep Danny waiting long.”

If Ezra replied, Buck didn’t hear it, but then he wasn’t trying to very hard. He was too busy lengthening his stride to hurry towards where Danny had just dismounted and was talking to Chris and Vin, who had stayed in their saddles. They looked as if might ride off at any moment, and Buck surely didn’t want that to happen before he had the chance to guilt them into a few hours of sheriffing.

~*~*~*~

Vin shifted slightly in the saddle, watching Chris and Danny talk. He expected they’d be heading over to the livery in a few minutes, and from there to the jail. He had spotted Ezra and Buck talking to Miss Lorrie, but JD was nowhere in sight, which really wasn’t unusual for a Sunday afternoon. After church JD often rode out to the Wells place to spend time with Casey and do whatever chores Nettie had saved up for him. Nettie wasn’t sure she liked the idea of Casey being so attached to a sheriff, or a deputy for that matter, but she wasn’t shy about leaving the heavy lifting for JD to do when he was around.

“Tuesday it is, Danny,” Chris said to Danny, smiling. “We’ll be on the boardwalk or in the saloon, shouldn’t be too hard to find us.”

Danny grinned widely. “I’ll be here. I’m sure Ma won’t mind me riding in to have lunch with you before my lesson.”

“Just remember to do your chores first,” Chris reminded him, amused. “We won’t be the cause of you slacking off.”

“I promise!” Danny said quickly, nodding. “I can get it all done easy if I get up a little early.”

Peso suddenly tucked his rump slightly and stiffened, and Vin turned to look behind them only to snort, amused. “You lookin’ to get kicked?”

Buck grinned when he met Vin’s gaze and didn’t slow his approach. “Nope! You two are just the men I wanted to see, though!”

Vin turned Peso so his rump was towards Pony before Peso could fire off a kick at Buck, grinning. “You wantin’ another lesson already, Bucklin?”

Buck laughed. “Hell no! I’m wantin’ an afternoon off.” He leaned to look past Peso and Pony at Danny, adding, “Your ma will be along soon, Danny.”

“Thanks,” Danny said, grinning.

“See you later, Danny,” Chris said, amused, and Vin looked over his shoulder at Chris and Danny just in time to see Chris heel Pony around to stand next to Peso.

“See you, Danny,” Vin echoed, grinning at the boy and tipping his hat.

Danny grinned and did the same. “Tuesday!” He turned and walked quickly across the boardwalk towards Mrs. Potter’s store, and Vin turned his attention back to Chris and Buck.

“Seems to me that Sunday’s our day off,” Chris said, grinning down at Buck and folding his arms on his saddle horn. “This is your afternoon, remember?”

“I took your shifts all week, Chris!” Buck protested, laughing. “I’m plumb tired of sittin’ and playin’ visible deterrent. Y’all can take the job until JD gets back from the Wells place, it ain’t but three, four hours.”

Chris snorted, still grinning. “We’ve been in the saddle all week. That counts as work, Buck.”

Vin snickered and nodded towards Chris. “What he said. After all the ridin’ this week, I was lookin’ forward to spendin’ some time not sittin’ on my ass. Even runnin’ fence is startin’ to look like fun, an’ I hate diggin’ postholes.”

Chris snickered, glancing at Vin. “You and me both.” He looked back at Buck. “Well? If we take your shift, what do we get for it? When do we get our time off?”

“Tomorrow,” Buck said quickly. “I’ll take the mornin’ shift for you. How’s that?”

“That ain’t near enough,” Chris said quickly, laughing. “Mornin’ shift’s easy an’ we’re likely gonna be up by dawn anyway. If we take your shift we’ll be stuck in town until near dark, and that’s a whole afternoon wasted. Try again.”

Buck chewed on his lower lip, thinking, then grinned. “Well then, how about next Saturday? I’ll take the whole day for ya’ll, JD will help. That’ll give you the weekend off. That’s fair, ain’t it?”

“Deal,” Vin said before Chris could answer, grinning. Chris looked at Vin, bemused, and Vin explained, “I don’t wanna be in town for the social. You know Mary’ll draft you for somethin’ if we are, and that’ll mean I get stuck helpin’ out too, like as not.”

Chris made a face. “You got that shot right.” He looked back at Buck. “Alright, we’ll take today until Josiah and Nathan take over after dinner. You’d better not try and weasel out of next Saturday though, or there’s gonna be hell to pay.”

“Deal!” Buck said, grinning wider. “I’ll see you boys tomorrow.” He tipped his hat and headed off across the street towards the hotel.

“Buck!” Chris called when Buck was almost across the street, grinning.

Buck stopped and looked back. “What now, Chris?”

“Where you headed?” Chris grinned. “Just in case we need you.”

Buck grinned. “Miss Maggie’s, but don’t you be botherin’ me unless it’s life or death.” He didn’t give them a chance to reply before he turned away and jumped up on the boardwalk, and then headed for the hotel’s front door, whistling.

Vin looked at Chris. “Looks like I was right. Ready for an afternoon polishin’ a chair with your back pockets?”

Chris snickered and looked at Vin, grey-green eyes twinkling. “Gonna keep me company?”

Vin grinned. “Wild horses couldn’t drag me away, cowboy. You’re plumb stuck with me.”

Chris laughed and heeled Pony towards the livery. “Good!”

Vin grinned and gave Peso his head, letting him leap after Pony. There were worse ways to spend an afternoon.

~ End