Gabrielle readied herself for bed. It was their third day in Athens and she was exhausted. She had hoped the comfort of the noisy city would help Xena calm down but instead the warrior began to have nightmares. The bard pretended to be asleep whenever Xena cried out and she wondered how much longer their friendship could withstand the tension. Their lives since their encounter with the Horde had been nothing short of a living nightmare. Day after day Xena became more and more withdrawn and the circles under her eyes attested to what little sleep she got at night. Now that they were in the city, she rarely left the room during the day except to visit with Argo and Gabrielle was saddened that even her story telling could not persuade the warrior to come downstairs in the evening. In the past, Xena would watch from the back of the tavern and the bard knew she was very proud of her lover's oral gifts.

As well, she missed the openness she and Xena once shared and she was frustrated at her inability to break down the impenetrable fortress walls that Xena had built. She desperately wanted to know what darkness lay beyond those walls of silence. She suspected it had something to do with the way Xena lapsed back into her warlord self when she battled the Horde but she didn't know what exactly. It was driving her crazy. Whenever she tried to coax an answer out of Xena, the warrior woman clammed up with an icy stare that cut off any further conversation. The bard wanted to push her to open up but she didn't know how. She only hoped that the comfort of indoor shelter would help.

Gabrielle stretched out on the small bed and stared at Xena as she polished her armour. The warrior didn't seem to be intent on going to bed and the bard wondered what was going on. It was the first time since they got there that she had even bothered to attend to her armour. Gabrielle grew tired of having to guess what was on the warrior's mind.

"Xena, are you going somewhere?"

Xena turned her head to face Gabrielle, "Yeah, I have to go out." Xena stood and checked her weapons.

"What? Where are you going, Xena?" Gabrielle was stunned and scrambled off the bed to confront the warrior as she busied herself with her leatherwear.

"Out." was the terse reply.

"Xena, you have to tell me what's going on. You've never let it get this bad between us before. Now where are you going?" Gabrielle grabbed Xena's arms holding on to them to force her to look at her. She was losing her patience and was entirely baffled by Xena's silence.

With a swift upward yank, the warrior released her arms from Gabrielle's hold. Her eyes smouldered with rage as she barely held back the dark fury that burned inside.

"Gabrielle, I have to go." She side-stepped the smaller woman and reached for the door knob.

"Xena, don't go," Gabrielle implored. "Please."

Xena stopped for a moment. "I have to, Gabrielle." With that, she opened the door and left.

Xena reached the entrance to the hideaway tavern, the Wicked Wing. It was a tavern that she frequented in her warlord days and the Warrior Princess was an honoured patron among the myriad of warriors. No one bothered her unless they wanted a broken arm in return. Or worse. The tavern was dimly lit but Xena could see a generous crowd of people milling about. She approached the barkeep for a mug of ale. She wanted to keep a low profile as she nonchalantly surveyed the crowd. Thoughts of Gabrielle nagged at her. She was sorry she had to leave the bard alone in the room but she was sure Gabrielle would never understand her need to come to this place.

She spotted a familiar face in the corner. Xena had known Isiphae for a long time and there wasn't a favour the woman wouldn't do for the Warrior Princess. She remembered the first time she ever met Isiphae. Many winters ago, Isi had been working in her father's inn and she was the most beautiful girl Xena had ever met in her young life. After Xena announced her intentions, none of her soldiers dared stand in her way. Isi was hers and Xena had taken the young girl to her quarters. After a few wild and ravishing kisses, Xena led the young woman to her bed. As if through mind-reading, the girl seem to know what Xena wanted, what Xena needed and satisfied her every whim. Their lovemaking hadn't been at all like it was with Gabrielle, soft, tender and loving. It had been furious, urgent and desperate. In those days, Xena possessed her lovers and overwhelmed them with the warrior lust that consumed her. Isiphae had been one of the special ones she had marked and was one of the few who truly understood her. After joining Xena's army for a while, the young woman eventually settled down in Athens and now worked at this busy tavern, a regular hangout for warriors. Indeed, it was a very lucrative business.

Isiphae was speaking quietly with a leather clad man who was about to get his dreams shattered by the Warrior Princess. She strode purposefully up to the twosome and Isiphae saw her before the man did. The woman's face transformed into sheer joy.

"Xena!" she exclaimed as she jumped up from her seat and wrapped her arms around the warrior's neck. Xena hugged the woman tightly as the warrior man stared at them in disbelief.

"Long time no see, Isi," Xena smiled as she looked directly at her friend and ignored the man beside her.

"Xena, what are you doing here? I'm happy to see you but I heard....." Isiphae started.

Xena put a finger up to quiet the woman. "Sh.. come on, let's go," she said.

"Hey, where are you going?" the man said behind them, still flustered that the woman he was about to pay for was being taken away from him.

"She's with me," Xena said menacingly and was about to draw her sword when the man backed off. Bewildered and awed, he mouthed the name "Xena?" as the Warrior Princess and Isiphae strode off together.