Ianto floated. He was spent in every sense of the word. Mind, body, spirit, fluid and brains. Definitely spent in brains. He could feel a chuckle bubbling somewhere at the base of his spine, too tired to rise up to his lungs to be heard. He wondered if he would ever be able to speak again.

Strong arms shifted him off of Sean and onto the bed. He hissed as two cocks, even spent as they were, slipped out of his sore arse, and then rolled where the hands guided him, into the comforting strength of Jack's arms.

"So beautiful," Jack whispered.

Ianto basked in his praise, in being Jack's good girl, good boy, so good for him. The words flowed together until all they meant were "good" and "Jack's".

Warmth coursed against Ianto's back as Sean found his place in their nest, hands stroking down Ianto's shivering flank, soothing him, kissing his shoulder. The quiet and the stillness was everything Ianto needed, then suddenly it wasn't. Without warning his skin was burning up, every touch of their hands uncomfortable. His lungs ached, pressed so tight by the corset, stretched so wide by everything he'd just been through.

"Hot," he mumbled, pushing at the wig on his head.

Jack chuckled above him then blessed coolness captured his attention as the wig vanished and his scalp seemed to shout for joy.

"Time to get you out of this thing," Jack said, one hand rubbing along the front of the corset. Ianto nodded but didn't move. "You have to sit up," Jack added.

Ianto felt himself dragged upright by two sets of arms. He tried to help but his body was so heavy and unwieldy.

"It's okay, Ianto, let us take care of you for just a little while longer." Sean's rich voice rolled across his skin, so different from Jack's. In the quiet of his bedroom, without the throbbing need pressing at his senses Ianto could pick out the differences at last, the hit of curled sound that spoke of a childhood spent near Dublin.

"Lovely," Ianto sighed, running his fingers over Sean's lips. "Pretty sounds."

Sean laughed. "You're sex drunk."

"Mmmm."

The rubber around his chest shifted as the laces were undone a bit at a time. Ianto twisted, desperate to be out of the thing.

"Hold on," Jack said. "You've had this on a long time."

"Need it off."

"Too fast and you'll pass out," Sean crooned, holding Ianto's arms tight to his side.

The corset shifted again and Ianto felt air filling his lungs.

"That's it, steady breaths," Jack said. "Almost done."

Out of the corner of his eye Ianto saw flashes of red as Jack pulled the loosened lacings free of the grommets. Sean let go of Ianto's arms as Jack tugged the corset away with a flourish.

"Oh," Ianto sighed. Jack and Sean both laughed. Jack pulled Ianto to rest against his chest. Ianto felt the bed move as Sean wiggled down to the end.

"Now these," Sean lifted one of Ianto's red velvet-encased feet, "are a thing of beauty."

"Painful beauty," Ianto said, but he was smiling as he spoke. He did like the damn things.

"Mmm, beauty is pain, as they say." Sean kissed Ianto's ankle then made a show of undoing the satin ties and slipping both shoes and stockings off of Ianto's feet. Ianto moaned in hedonistic pleasure as each foot was first released then worshiped by Sean's hands and lips.

"Just one more thing and then we can get you cleaned up." Jack's hand stroked along the collar at Ianto's neck and Ianto shivered.

"Please…" Ianto begged, his voice cracking.

"Shhhh," Jack answered. "It'll be off in a moment."

"Want…"

"What?"

"To keep it on. A little while longer. Please?"

Jack's hand stopped, super-heated skin resting along the pulse point in Ianto's neck; his chest heaving against Ianto with deep, uneven breaths. Ianto turned to look into Jack's eyes and felt himself falling into the fire smoldering there. Jack's mouth parted, his lips wet and full. They stared at one another until Jack finally nodded and kissed Ianto breathless.

Warm wet cloths followed, cleaning Ianto's skin so gently he only knew they were moving from the textures as they skimmed across his belly.

He drifted in Jack's arms safe and sated, listening to the murmur of the other men talking, hearing his name now and then as they spoke. There was a softness in Jack's voice that he hadn't heard before, something sweet and so close to love that it made Ianto's heart swoop in his chest.

The feeling of a single drop of water winding along his hip dragged his thoughts back to earth only to plunge him deep into a musing about the mysteries of rivers and tides as the drop disappeared in the join between body and blankets.

A multitude of hands pressed gently at his back, tugging at his arms. He tried to count them, to see them in his mind as Jack's large hands with their wide palms and Sean's smaller, calloused ones except that there were too many fingers and too many limbs sliding across limbs and he only knew he was shifting because he lay in a different arrangement when he opened his eyes.

He turned his head and tried to track the view across the room but gave up when even the simplest things refused to coalesce into true forms. He was floating in a haze of warmth, loose limbed and liquid. The laughter finally bubbled up, spilling out of him, passed from his lips to Jack's with a soft kiss, to Sean's with a lick of his tongue along an arm. Their voices and their laughter rippled back to him sweet and tender making him want to cry. His heart burst open in a flash of heat that shook his whole body.

"Shhhh," Jack whispered as the tears Ianto had no control over spilled free. "It's okay. "

Ianto tried to find the words to explain what he was feeling, to tell Jack that he was fine, better than fine, better than he had been in a very long time, but the tears wouldn't stop. His body shook in Jack's arms, emotion and stress pouring through him in waves. He could feel Jack holding him, fingers twining through his hair, his breath whispering soft words against his ear and Sean pressed close to them both, his hands firm and warm as they stroked along his skin. Ianto cried until exhaustion claimed him.

***

Sometime later Ianto woke to the sounds of movement in the room. The bed dipped as he opened his eyes and Jack loomed into view.

"Go back to sleep," Jack whispered, pressing a kiss to Ianto's temple.

"Sean?" Ianto asked. He struggled to push up through the tangle of covers to look around the room.

"Right here," Sean said, sitting on the edge of the bed.

Ianto nodded. "Thank you,"

"My pleasure," Sean said with a smile. He kissed Ianto, a soft brush of his lips as his hands caressed Ianto's jaw. "Any time, any time at all."

"I'm taking him home," Jack said. "Back in a bit."

Ianto let Jack's warm hand press him back into the pillows and kiss him back to sleep.

***

A soft caress woke Ianto. Warm fingers were tracing patterns into his skin, weaving up and over the collar, dipping between the leather and his skin and back. He opened his eyes to see Jack lost in thought, his gaze following his own fingers.

"Jack?"

Jack's eyes slid up to Ianto's. His fingers never stopped moving, tracing patterns, caressing Ianto's skin.

"You liked this? Wearing it?" Jack asked at last, tapping the collar.

Ianto nodded, his fingers moving to trace their own patterns along the flesh covering Jack's ribs.

"Tell me."

Ianto blinked. His first impulse was to back away and hide the words that were right there between them.

"It felt right. Comfortable. Safe. Last night was as terrifying as I had expected it would be." Ianto caught at Jack's wrist as he started to pull away, blue eyes shuttering. "And yet, I think it was everything I wanted. The fear, the wonder, the intensity, and yes, the sex. All of it. I needed that. And you knew, even when I didn't. You knew what I needed, helped me find what I was looking for, and gave it to me."

Ianto closed his eyes, savoring the rush of memories and sensations. He opened them again to look up at Jack. "Thank you."

Something bled away from Jack's eyes, some uncertainty, some question that he had been asking without asking.

"I have something for you."

Jack rolled away and back again, a red velvet box in his hands. "Open it,"

Inside was a heavy silver chain with a single cabochon garnet at its center, identical to the one on the collar.

"I had them made at the same time."

Ianto stroked the gem, watching it gleam in the soft morning light. "It's beautiful."

"I thought we could keep the collar for formal play, all the rules, everything. I made sure it would fit us both."

Ianto looked at Jack and knew he was failing utterly at keeping the joy and wonder out of his eyes.

"Yes."

"That's it?"

"Yes." Ianto smiled. "I want this. I think… I might even need this. If you mean it."

"I do."

"Then yes."

Ianto took the necklace out of the box and held it up. "Put it on me?"

Jack's smile could have lit up a small town.

The End