“Did you enjoy the show?” Vincent’s all smiles: a façade of civilization with his flashy suit and neatly trimmed beard and manicured nails. Sam knows better, though.

He saw the show.

They’ve moved back upstairs for refreshments, into a lounge that’s big enough to double as a skating rink. There are plush couches everywhere, and waiters circulating with trays of drinks and hors d’oeuvres. There are also members of what Sam knows this ‘genteel’ society would call the ‘entertainment’: startlingly beautiful young women and men playing court to America’s elite. Sam’s pretty sure that, like everything else in Vincent’s world, they’re for sale.

Sam pretends to be watching one of the women as she strolls past. He doesn’t trust himself to answer Vincent without blowing everything to hell.

Luckily, Bela seems to realize that Sam’s having trouble controlling himself. Linking her arm with his, she offers Vincent a wide smile. “Very, very impressive,” she says. “You trained him to do that?”

“Took a few months, but it was worth it.” Vincent beams. “He’s a fast learner, once he puts his mind to something. What did you think of our Fenrir, Simon?”

It’s a direct question, so Sam has to answer. He forces himself to meet Vincent’s eyes. Smiles. “Fascinating. I didn’t know it was possible to fight like that.” Eat your fucking heart out, Academy.

“Not for a human, no. Our Fenrir is unique in this world: a perfect meld of man and beast.”

“And you have him completely under control? What was the word you used … caged?” Sam asks, thinking of the tattoo. “He seems like a handful.”

Vincent’s smile takes on a sly, knowing cast. “He’s completely obedient, I assure you. Very … accommodating.”

Sam can tell that he’s missing something, but he has no idea what it is. And he senses that he’s supposed to know: supposed to be in on the joke. So instead of asking what the hell Vincent is talking about, he says, “Bela told me about him, but I didn’t actually believe her. I didn’t think it was possible.” There: should be vague enough for a response.

“He does seem too good to be true, doesn’t he?” Vincent agrees, and that conspiratorial gleam in his eyes is deepening. It makes Sam’s stomach twist uncomfortably. “Our own beautiful, tame wolf.”

Bela clears her throat, cutting her eyes nervously toward Sam like she can feel his anger rising. “Speaking of,” she says with the same, patented cheer as always. “I assume you looked into the small matter I spoke with you about earlier?”

“Of course.” Vincent nods and then takes a champagne flute from a passing waiter. “It’s all arranged. Anytime your friend is ready, we’re more than able to accommodate him.”

Sam has no fucking clue what’s going on, but Bela’s fingers are tightening on his forearm in a way that tells him she wants him to play along. He’s tempted to refuse just to piss her off—turnabout is fair fucking play—but it isn’t an impulse he’s going to follow. Not with Dean’s freedom at stake. He realizes that Vincent is looking at him expectantly, waiting for some kind of response.

If Sam is going to have to do something he isn’t going to like—and from the way his gut is churning, he’s pretty sure that this will be one of those things—then he might as well get it over with.

“Now’s good,” he says. The words come out in a hoarse rasp, roughened with unease and disgust at having to pretend he actually respects this man, but Vincent’s smile only widens. He nods at someone behind Sam and when Sam glances over his shoulder, he finds Hank coming toward them.

Just the person Sam wants to deal with right now.

“Take Simon to the guest suite, will you?” Vincent says. And then, to Sam, he adds, “If there’s anything you need, just tell Mr. Mason. He’ll take care of it.”

The fission of tension in Sam’s stomach—the feeling that he’s missing something—intensifies. He glances down at Bela for some kind of confirmation or hint and she shifts closer.

“I’ll see you back at the hotel,” she says out loud and then leans in and kisses his cheek. “Remember: don’t do anything stupid,” she murmurs, too softly for anyone else to hear.

If there was anything she could have said to make him more anxious, Sam doesn’t know what it might be. His skin is crawling: his mind whirling with thoughts of what, exactly, is about to happen. If he didn’t break cover when Dean was being sliced up in front of him, what makes Bela think he will now?

What in God’s name could be worse than what he just saw?

It’s too late to back out of whatever this is, but Sam finds his feet dragging as he follows Hank out of the room and down the hall. He keeps his face carefully neutral as the man leads him back to the elevator and keys in the code. Despite his agitation, this time Sam manages to catch the first two numbers: 4 and 8. He files them away in his mind and then steps through the doors.

Hank follows him inside, and once the doors have closed he says, “Didn’t figure you for the type.”

What type? The question is on the tip of Sam’s mouth, but he swallows the words before they can fall out. Instead, he says in a distant tone, “Didn’t your mother ever tell you not to judge a book by its cover?”

Hank raises his hands: that mocking, superior smile firmly in place. “I’m not judging, Harvard. Just saying that if I’d landed a bitch like Bela, I’d be escorting her home instead, you know?”

No, Sam doesn’t know, but he’s starting to get a horrible suspicion. He thinks of the men and women upstairs, and the way that everything had seemed for sale. He wouldn’t put it past Bela to have … purchased … one of them for him. He hasn’t known her long, but even a few minutes in her company would have been enough to know that putting him in an awkward situation would amuse her.

And he can’t even yell at her for it. This ploy of hers is giving Sam an opportunity to see more of the Arena: a desperate necessity if they’re going to make a plan good enough to get Dean out.

Testing the waters, Sam says, “You eat caviar every day and you get sick of it.”

Hank snorts as though he just said something funny. “Need a little ‘meat’ to fill out your diet, I get it.” He glances at Sam and this time there’s a grudging respect in his eyes. “For a college boy, you’re not half as prissy as I thought you’d be.”

The elevator doors slide open again, this time on a long, wood paneled corridor. Judging from the amount of time they were traveling, Sam guesses that they’re at least several floors below Vincent’s showroom. As he follows Hank into the hallway, he wonders just how far down this place really goes and breaks out in a cold sweat at the thought that this might be impossible after all.

No, he can’t think like that. If he does, he’ll lock himself into a panicked despair and just … stop. Stand stock still in this hallway with nothing inside of his eyes until Vincent figures out who he really is and disposes of him.

I can do this, he reminds himself as Vincent turns him right at a four-way intersection.

“So you need anything, Harvard?” Hank asks from ahead of him. “Supplies?”

Sam has to wonder what kind of supplies he could possibly need for something like this. Is Hank talking about condoms? Or is Sam supposed to assume that he’ll automatically be provided with them? Not that it matters, since nothing’s going to happen.

There’s a whole host of reasons why he isn’t putting his cock anywhere near one of Vincent’s high class whores, ranging from the possibility of STDs, to the fact that Vincent kidnapped his brother and is using Dean in brutal, to-the-death fights like he’s nothing more than a junkyard dog. Faking a bout of impotence will be embarrassing as hell, but it’s a hundred times better than the alternative.

“I’m good,” Sam says, and when Hank grunts an acknowledgement and then falls silent, he turns his attention more firmly to his surroundings.

There are cameras everywhere: no attempt has even been made at concealment here. Double, mahogany doors are set at equal intervals on either side of the hall and burnished to a glossy finish. The wood paneling continues no matter how many turns they make, and the floor looks like marble. Vincent must have spent a small fortune on this level alone.

As the minutes stretch out, Sam loses track of where they are in relation to the elevator, which he’s certain is Hank’s intention. There have been too many turns for them not to have doubled back on their trail at least once: possibly more often than that. The halls are too uniform to tell, and Sam wishes absurdly that he had a piece of chalk so he could leave Xs on the doors. Or maybe some breadcrumbs …

Damn, they desperately need to get their hands on a floor plan of this place.

Abandoning his attempt to keep track of the numerous turns they’re taking, Sam looks more closely at the doors instead. He’s a little distracted by his anger, and by the driving need to get Dean out of here, but he isn’t stupid. He knows what this floor is meant for: saw the people who use these rooms circulating through the lounge upstairs with too-bright smiles and invisible price tags around their necks.

Maybe some of them are already hard at work on the other side of those doors. If that’s the case, then the walls have been well soundproofed; the only noises that Sam can hear are his own footsteps and Hank’s heavier tread before him.

“It’s quiet down here,” he says. As opening gambits go, it’s pretty sad, but Sam needs to fish for information somehow, and he doesn’t know if he has the time to pick Hank’s brain slowly the way he’d prefer to. Quick and dirty is going to have to suffice for now.

There’s a certain amount of superior amusement on Hank’s face as he glances over his shoulder at Sam, but he says, “The suites are all soundproofed, of course. And there aren’t any cameras inside, either.” His voice has gone dull and bored, as if he’s reciting a prepared monologue, and the formality of his next words make Sam certain that’s exactly what he’s doing.

“Here at the Arena, our clients’ privacy is paramount. As far as rules go, no permanent damage. No bondage. Anything gets out of hand and he’s got a panic button. Trust me when I say that you don’t want him to use it. If you do decide that you need anything, I’ll be right outside. Let me know once you’re finished, and I’ll escort you back to your car.”

Hank draws up in front of a double set of doors in a way that tells Sam they’ve reached their destination as well as the end of the scripted speech. The doors don’t look any different from the others they’ve passed. Hell, for all Sam knows, they have passed this room before: maybe multiple times.

“This it?” Sam asks, nodding at the doors. Not because he has any doubts on the matter, but because Hank is obviously waiting for him to say something, and that’s the most innocuous thing he can come up with.

“Yup,” Hank agrees, and cracks the knuckles on his right hand against his left palm. It’s a nervous habit and not a threat. Probably. “Bela bought you the whole night, so you can take your time with him,” he adds, and then pulls the doors open and gestures Sam through.

Sam has been thrown off balance enough by the events of the last few hours that the door is already swinging shut behind him before he realizes that they’re having a pronoun problem here—have been for the last few minutes. He swears softly, no way of telling if this is Bela’s idea of a joke or if she actually thinks he prefers men.

It’s funny because, until Dean, Sam was never really all that attracted to men. Sure, he experimented in college, but that was a few (seven) half-drunken fucks followed by awkward mornings. Now that he thinks about it, every one of the guys reminded him of Dean in some way.

Scrubbing his hand over his face, Sam laughs softly. God, his life can’t possibly get more fucked up. Well, at least the mess he’s currently in will be easy enough to fix. All he has to do is find the man Bela bought for him and let him down easy. Without rousing any suspicions. Maybe get some more information about Vincent’s set up while he’s at it.

Simple, right?

“Hello?” he calls, stepping forward.

The suite, an opulent gleam of reds and golds, is almost as large as the one he and Bela are sharing at the Bellagio. The entranceway is long and spacious, with a living room to the left and a dining room with a wet bar to the right. There’s a fireplace across from the plush couch in the living room, and thick oriental rugs covering the floor. In the dining room, the long table has only two chairs, as if they aren't meant for anything but show, and all of a sudden Sam can’t help but notice that the table is just the right height to bend someone over and …

He jerks his gaze away, looking at the door at the end of the hallway.

Not mahogany this time, but oak inlaid with panels of some even paler wood: ash, maybe. The panels are ornately carved with images of a lush garden, vines curling in on each other and flowers blooming in thick twists, and at the center stands a gnarled yew tree: branches stretching high overhead and roots digging down almost viciously deep. The style looks familiar, and after a moment Sam decides that’s because the same artist who carved this door also designed the tattoo on Dean’s back.

Vincent must have the man on retainer.

Walking forward slowly, Sam approaches the door and places his hand on the center of the tree. The wood is cool underneath his hand, and smooth. The door opens easily.

The room on the other side is dominated by a four-poster bed with crimson damask drapes. There are animal patterns on the heavy cloth: too small and intricately woven for Sam to tell what species without moving closer. There are black silk sheets on the bed, and a mound of pillows. It’s a sickening meld of the Arabian Nights and every pretentious porn movie Sam has ever seen.

On one wall, there’s a full-length mirror that is positioned for a good view of any … activities … on the bed, and an oversized armchair sitting against another. Vincent’s decorator was too classy to put another mirror above the bed, but Sam suspects that there’s a hidden panel in the ceiling, just waiting to slide open if a ‘guest’ wants to get a different angle on the action. A wardrobe and a dresser line the wall to Sam’s left, and there’s a chest at the foot of the bed.

Sam guesses that they don’t hold anything as innocent as clothes.

Leaning forward cautiously, he sees that there’s another door opening off of the bedroom. This one is already hanging open, and Sam catches a sliver of a gold-tiled bathroom that’s probably as ornate as the rest of the place.

He has to wonder how much Bela’s paying to humiliate him like this.

“Hello?” Sam calls again, stepping further into the room. There’s still no response; his ‘companion’ must not be here yet.

What looks like a window in the far wall catches his eye and he strides over to it, surprised. He’s underground—deep enough that it took a minute-long elevator ride to get here—but through the window he can see a wide, empty expanse of desert. The brittle glitter of stars overhead. It isn’t until Sam is standing directly in front of it that he realizes it isn’t a window at all, but a flat television screen: an illusion of open air beneath all this stone and dirt.

How long has it been since Dean has seen the sky? Since he’s felt the warmth of the sun on his skin? A long time, Sam thinks. His brother looked so damned pale under the harsh lights in the cage.

A sound from the main part of the suite makes Sam tense and turn. He didn’t hear it open again, but he’s sure that was the front door closing. Which means he’s no longer alone in here. Nervous, he waits for a few moments, but no one appears in the bedroom doorway. There aren’t any further sounds of movement from outside, either.

Maybe the guy doesn’t know that his ‘guest’ for tonight is already here.

“Hello?” Sam calls, taking a hesitant step forward. Silence greets him in return, but he can tell from the quality that it’s a listening silence.

Someone’s standing out in the main room and waiting for him.

Sam suddenly isn’t so sure of what’s meant to happen here. If this is supposed to be an assignation, then why hasn’t his companion introduced himself? He jerks slightly, startled, as a possibility occurs to him.

God, did Bela set him up? Is she’s up there toasting another job well done with Vincent: another Winchester delivered into his hands? Does she know about the demons? Sam’s ability to command them would sure as hell be useful to someone as corrupt as Vincent.

He glances around the room, looking for some kind of weapon, and his eyes fall on a hefty-looking statue on the dresser. It’s a wolf, hackles raised and snarling, and it’s so fucking appropriate that Sam feels like laughing as he picks it up. Sweat trickles down the back of his neck as he moves toward the door, and his body is strung with tension, but he doesn’t feel particularly nervous.

There’s only annoyance—both at the world in general and Bela in particular—floating on top of the same, strange calm that overtakes his mind in the middle of hunts. It’s a clarity born of adrenaline, and Sam feels ready for anything that might be waiting for him.

If this is some kind of ambush, though, and he’s taken, then he’s going to beg for some quality one on one time with the high class bitch who led him here. Adjusting his grip on the statue, Sam toes the bedroom door wider and peers out into the hall.

Dean is standing just inside the front doors.

His eyes are green again, the exact shade that Sam has been spending months trying to remember. He’s wearing jeans and a soft-looking white shirt that gapes open at his throat to reveal a silver choker. A wolf’s head hangs down from the choker and gleams softly in the light.

Sam’s cold detachment is ripped away in a heartbeat, leaving him staggered and breathless. “Dean,” he whispers. “Oh my God, Dean.”

Dropping the statue with a thud, he starts forward. Dean takes a single step back in a defensive, nervous motion, and collides with the doors. Sam hesitates. His eyes drop to the wolf choker banding his brother’s neck and he remembers that this isn’t precisely Dean that he’s dealing with anymore. It’s still his brother’s body, but there may not be anyone home.

Sam swallows and then, lowering his voice to a soothing murmur, says, “Hey, man, are you in there?”

Dean stares at him for a long, painful moment, and then asks flatly, “What the hell did you do to your face, Sam?”

Sam’s heart does a funny little twist—Dean can talk, he’s still there, still fighting—and then his brother’s words penetrate. His eyebrows draw together in confusion before he remembers the cuff links. Bela’s Protean charms.

He doesn’t waste time trying to unhook the charms from his cuffs: isn’t sure he’s thinking well enough to manage it right now anyway. The jacket tears in his haste to get it off, but he doesn’t give a shit. Letting it fall to the floor, he starts forward again.

Dean doesn’t look any happier to see him now that he’s wearing his own face, but he doesn’t move this time, and then Sam is grabbing his brother and pulling him into a hug. Dean is warm and solid and there.

Sam can feel his brother’s heartbeat, rabbit-fast against his chest. He can feel Dean’s breath stuttering out in little pants across his collarbone. His chest constricts and he pulls Dean closer.

“Dean,” he murmurs. He can’t seem to stop saying his brother’s name.

Dean’s hands come up to fist in Sam’s shirt. He presses his nose against Sam’s neck and breathes in. His body shudders uncontrollably in Sam’s arms.

“It’s okay,” Sam says, just as he’s imagined doing a hundred times. “I’m here. I’ve got you.”

Dean suddenly goes stiff in his arms, and a moment later he’s pushing at Sam’s chest, trying to get free.

“Get the fuck off me.”

Sam shakes his head and holds on tighter. “No.”

Dean head butts him.

Sam staggers back, one hand flying to the bridge of his nose, and shouts, “What the hell, man?”

“I told you to get off,” Dean answers.

When Sam squints at him, he’s standing there looking completely impassive. There’s no sign that he was caught up in a violent surge of emotion only moments before. No sign of anything but boredom. Sam swipes a hand beneath his nose, checking for blood, and doesn’t find any. Dean didn’t really hit him that hard: it’s the attack itself that bothers him.

Something flickers through his brother’s eyes too quickly for Sam to decipher and then Dean draws himself up. “You here for a ride, Sammy?” he asks. “Or did you just want to go a round or two?”

For a moment, Sam doesn’t quite get what Dean is saying. It gets lost somewhere between the almost physical relief at finally being with his brother again and the rising apprehension caused by the way that Dean is acting.

Then he remembers what he’s supposedly here for and his chest constricts. No, he thinks. Wants to shout his denial and can’t make his voice work.

Into the silence, Dean adds, “I’m clean, if that’s what you’re worried about. Turns out berserkers can’t catch STDs.”

Sam’s brain refuses to translate. Dean can’t be saying what Sam thinks he is. He can’t. But Bela’s reminder not to do anything stupid echoes in Sam’s head, and he knows that he was wrong.

This is worse than watching Dean fight in the arena.

“Promise I don’t bite,” Dean says, one corner of his mouth quirking up. “Not unless you want me to. Didn’t you hear? I’m a good dog. Roll over and play fetch for my Scooby snack.”

Now that Dean has mentioned it, Sam can see the slight glaze in his brother’s eyes, and the gauntness in Dean’s face takes on new meaning. Whatever Vincent gave him has already started to kick in: loosening his muscles, making him pliant and lazy. Images flit through Sam’s head—hands on that pale skin, Dean too drugged to properly fight back—and his stomach rolls in rebellion.

“Stop,” he blurts, pleading.

For a miracle, Dean actually does, shutting his mouth and then pushing past Sam into the living room. He moves carefully, favoring his right leg, and Sam is reminded that he’s hurt. Dean just spent an hour playing tag with sharp objects and Vincent sent him in here to … to …

“Are you okay?” Sam asks, shutting down on that thought.

Dean coughs out a laugh and drops down onto the couch in a sprawl. “Sure. Peachy.”

Sam considers pressing the matter—demanding to see Dean’s injuries—but he can already tell that Dean isn’t going to let him. His brother is up and walking around, and he didn’t wince when he sat on the couch, and that’s going to have to be good enough for now.

Drawn by that impossible, magnetic allure Dean gives off, Sam drifts closer and announces, “I came to get you out.”

Dean snorts and kicks his legs up onto the low coffee table in front of the couch. “Yeah, well, you can turn right around and go home.”

“What?”

“You heard me.”

“You can’t seriously be telling me that you want to be here.” Sam is half-shouting, his voice rising into something bordering on hysterical. How is it that Dean has spent the last six months in hell and Sam’s the one getting upset over it?

Dean’s shoulders lift in careless shrug as he stares at the fireplace. “Cushy digs, all the food I can eat, plenty of exercise. It’s not a bad gig.”

“How about the part where they’re forcing you to kill people and whore yourself out?” Sam demands. His chest is so tight it’s going to snap in a few moments, and he can’t tell if he’s more infuriated or depressed by Dean’s attitude.

“Who said anyone was forcing me to do anything?” Dean responds, but he still won’t meet Sam’s eyes.

Sam decides on anger—it’s easier—and snaps, “I saw them take you, Dean. There’s a tape. You didn’t look all that eager to sign up.”

That gets him a brief flick of his brother’s eyes and a smile about as real as Santa Claus. “Things change.”

“You’re full of crap.” Frustration is hot and sour in Sam’s mouth.

Dean’s lips thin and he finally—finally—looks over at Sam. “Shouldn’t you be busy weeping over my grave?”

Sam’s breath rushes out like he’s been punched. Over the past few months, his concern for Dean has edged out his anger over what his brother put him through, but that one, casual question has brought it all back with an almost physical blow.

Dean cocks his head. “You know, it’s kind of embarrassing how easy it was to play you,” he muses. “Seriously, man: burned to death saving some old lady’s cat? Like I’d ever go out like that.”

“Fuck you, Dean.” Sam’s throat is so tight that the words rip his esophagus with their passage. His vision is filming over with something that feels suspiciously like tears, and his body thrums with the need to launch himself on top of Dean and beat those cocky, hateful words right out of him. Or maybe fuck him into submission: right now Sam isn’t sure which is more appealing.

He turns before he can do either and strides over to the door. Pauses with his hand on the doorknob as he remembers his jacket, and the cuff links, and the fact that it’d look pretty suspicious to walk in here with one face and leave with another.

Swearing under his breath, he turns around to retrieve the jacket. He half-expects Dean to say something else—apologize, prod him one last time, something—as he stands just inside the suite jerking the jacket back on, but he doesn’t. When Sam gives his brother one final glance, Dean isn’t even looking at him. He’s lying on the couch with his head on one of the armrests and tossing a small, metal wolf figurine that was sitting on the coffee table from one hand to the other.

Sam clenches his jaw and storms into the hallway, slamming the door behind him. Hank instantly materializes from around the nearest corner.

“Think of something you wanted?”

“No, I’m leaving,” Sam answers shortly.

Hank’s bored expression slips into something eager. “Problem with the service?” he asks. It’s obvious that he’s hoping there was, and Sam’s eyes drop briefly to the man’s healing nose. He wonders what would happen to Dean if he said yes: if he gave them an excuse.

But as angry as he is with his brother, there’s no way in hell that Sam is going to get him in trouble with these sons of bitches. Somehow, he manages to shove all of his rage aside and drops his eyes a little. Flushes.

“Fine, um. It was, um … fine,” he says.

Hank brays laughter, although Sam figures that he’s capable of more tact than this or he’d be out of a job. Sam being Bela’s ‘boy toy’ apparently excludes him from the respect Hank normally gives the clientele.

“Too much for you to handle, huh, Harvard?”

What Sam would like to do is break the man’s nose for him again—maybe a finger or two for good measure. What he does is straighten his back, drop an arrogant mask over his face, and snap, “Just take me to the fucking car already.”

Still chuckling to himself, Hank offers him an ironic bow and snorts, “Right this way, sir.”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
When Vincent’s driver drops Sam back at the Bellagio a little under an hour later, Bela is nowhere to be found. She must have stayed to talk with Vincent: probably didn’t expect Sam until the next morning. Sam drags a chair over by the front door and waits.

When she lets herself into their suite almost three hours later, he launches himself out of his seat and grabs her before she realizes that he’s there. Kicking the door shut, he shoves her up against it and wraps one hand around her throat.

“You knew,” he snarls. “You knew they were selling him and you didn’t tell me.”

Bela clutches at his hand, trying to pry his fingers free. Her eyes are wide: trembling with fear. For the first time since he met her, Sam thinks he’s seeing a genuine emotion.

“Did you fuck him?” he demands, shaking her a little. “Huh? Did you buy him like a goddamned wind-up toy?”

She shakes her head, slapping at his arm and trying to dig her nails in past the jacket he hasn’t bothered to take off. Sam just presses harder, cutting off her air as well as her voice.

“Every night,” he says, speaking slowly and clearly, “From now until we get him out, you’re going to buy him for me. I don’t care how much it costs, or how many strings you have to pull. No one else touches him. Do you hear me? Do you?”

Bela nods wildly, her face an alarming shade of purple, and Sam releases her. She slumps against the wall, gasping for breath, and looking faintly shocked. Sam isn’t sure by what. She had to know he wasn’t going to take that well.

Turning his back on her, he leaves her there. Stalks into his room and slams the door shut, pausing to lock Bela out. He doesn’t think she’ll chance his mood tonight, but he feels better with the extra barrier between them.

Sam moves toward the bed on shaking legs. He’s too tired to bother changing for bed, and then, once he’s lying down with his bowtie loosened and his shoes off, too keyed up to sleep.

As he stares at the ceiling, he thinks of Dean’s hollow eyes and empty smile. Thinks about the way his brother played him like a flute, same as he always has. Dean pushing Sam’s buttons and sending him away, just like Dean—for some obscure, twisted reason known only to him—wanted.

Well, fuck that. Sam’s through letting Dean manipulate him, and he sure as hell isn’t going to let Dean push him away ‘for his own good’.

He’s yanking his brother out of that hellhole whether Dean wants him to or not.