18. – Pilgrim

Returning to my apartment, I chastised myself for even mentioning the green filing cabinet. I could tell by the way he’d looked at me that Garrick hadn’t bought the photo story for a moment. Still, I counted him as one of my few trusted allies, and as such I should be able to enlist his help in my quest.

I changed out of the uniform I had come to regard as my “safari gear” and washed the real or imagined smell of it off my skin, lingering a bit longer than usual in the shower. A vague sense of optimism kept me cheerful as I towel-dried my hair, then ran my hands through it leaving it rakishly ruffled.

The buzz of the whiskey kept me moving forward along an impulsive track, something I had needed to do for some time now.

Standing naked before my closet, I regarded my clothes with a thoughtful scowl. How long had it been since I’d taken a holiday, gotten out of this godforsaken place and breathed clean air? Long enough that my street clothes were surely out of fashion; I added a bit of shopping to my agenda and hauled down my larger suitcase to handle whatever I might bring back.

As I packed, I could almost feel my ghosts watching me through a veil of smoke, as though curious what I might do next.

Reeling a little from the whiskey and the lingering heat of the shower, I set aside a suit for tomorrow’s journey, then wandered into my kitchen for some chilled water. There were no perishables in my refrigerator to worry about, nothing that couldn’t last a week without me, at any rate. I sipped my water and meandered toward the phone.

Briefly I wondered if there were still surveillance equipment in my home, alerting Prague and God knew who else that I was packing for a trip before I could call it in. That thought made me laugh. I’d become so used to having no privacy that I would probably never know what to make of it. I called the motor pool and requested a private sedan for the next week.

Only after arranging that did I contact Vandemeer.

“Seven days? Very well.” Lenard sounded vaguely intrigued. “Will you be needing an escort or expenses?”

“No, just a car,” I told him, hoping he couldn’t hear the whiskey in my voice.

“Destination?”

“Personal.”

I held my breath, waiting for the challenge, but it didn’t come. Vandemeer merely said, “Take your pager, and do stay at a pleasant hotel. My treat.”

“Thank you, sir,” I replied, then hung up before he could say anything else.

I debated a moment, then rang Garrick.

“It’s about time,” he growled when I told him of my plans. “Come back a little more Konrad and a little less wrecked, all right? I’ll hold down the fort while you’re gone.”

He promised to tell Mendez, wished me a good night’s sleep, and bade me safe travels. As the line went silent, my hand moved to dial another number before I remembered that it wasn’t relevant: Shelley wasn’t here.

Sleep came quickly, and with it vague dreams, the sort remembered for only a moment upon waking. I rallied to the day, deciding to grab breakfast on the road rather than spend another wretched moment within these walls.

I secured the last few items, toiletries and the like, and checked my appearance in the mirror. Timeless business suit, vest and tie, neatly groomed hair showing far more gray than the last time I’d traveled for pleasure. I scowled at my reflection. Two decades I had lived here, if one could call that living, and it had aged me three.

With a sigh I returned to my bedroom and snapped the suitcase shut. I traded out my white cotton gloves for black driving gloves, tucking the white ones safely in my coat pocket. As I flexed my fingers in the stiff leather, I noticed with distaste a bald spot in the cotton lining. It hit the tip of my left ring finger; shouldn’t be a problem, but I would be on the lookout for a new pair. It would grieve me to break in a new set; these carried their own memories deep within the fibers of the lining and the creases in the leather.

My head hurt slightly, reminding me that I’d had a little too much whiskey the night before. I grabbed a Coke to silence the pain with sugar and caffeine, slipped my pager into the vest pocket, and carried my suitcase to the door.

Then I paused, set the case down, and turned back toward my desk. I unlocked the large drawer to the side and took out Erich Sonndheim’s lanyard of keys and his diary pages, and the annoying little brass key entrusted to me by Lenard Vandemeer. Dare I remove them from the premises? Dare I leave them behind?

After a brief deliberation, I put the lanyard back into my desk, retaining only the key that fit the padlock across Sonndheim’s door. The other keys were Rosenkreuz property, no matter whose desk they lived in. The little brass key and the diary pages joined the padlock key in a small pile. I rifled through my desk for any other incriminating items before locking it securely and carrying the select items back to the suitcase. They fit neatly into the inner lining pocket, next to my gun and ammunition.

Once more I shut the suitcase, this time locking it as well. I took up my drink and suitcase, switched off the lights, secured the door and headed toward the motor pool.
A sleek black Mercedes awaited me, its nose aimed toward the gates and freedom. Relative freedom, anyway; I wasn’t about to be picky. As I always had so many times before, I had to suppress a chuckle at the urge to tip the “parking valet” – this wasn’t a five-star hotel by any means, but the service was just as good. I thanked the young man and settled in behind the steering wheel.

The massive iron gates swung open, slow as wisdom. The very sky looked different when they no longer blocked the view. As I directed the car onto the road away from the facility, a sense of relief swept over me. I had done it, I had wrangled a little bit of precious time just for me.

But what to do with it?

Esset would be monitoring me via the pager, of course. I had no illicit dealings, no improper destinations; never had, really. Uncouth, perhaps; undignified, certainly. But nothing that would send up red flags in the Esset observation deck.

I only knew of one place to go anymore.

It would take me most of the day to get there, but I didn’t mind. In my heart, I had already known; I’d decided when Garrick first suggested I go on holiday.

Berlin.

My breath caught in my throat as I realized that Bradley had been there barely a month ago. Would he still be in the area? Then reason set in: they hadn’t seen Bradley, only Schuldig and Farfarello. I had no indication that Bradley had even been in Germany.

Still, as I drove, I couldn’t help but glance at the other drivers and compare them to a memory. What irony that would be, finding him as I flee the very facility that wants him back! If I did see him, what would I do about it? A corner of my mind suggested throwing in my lot with him, begging Bradley to take me with him.

Then I remembered the second brutal lesson of Rosenkreuz: never beg.

I choked back a sob as past and present blurred, and the trusting face of young Bradley was replaced by the grim visage of Brad Crawford, leader of the most notorious Alpha unit ever fielded. I had made him this, I had given him the strength to rebel. Had I given him his reason as well?

This would be a long damn drive with only my own company. Aggravated at myself already, I switched on the radio.

The road rolled away beneath me, almost mesmerizing in its constancy. When I noticed the time, I found I had been driving nearly two hours and still had not bothered to find breakfast. At the next opportunity I stopped and forced myself to eat like a civilized person. It had been a long time since I had been around non-Esset folks, and paranoia kept me on a fine edge. My back felt knotted with tension.

Were any of these people really Esset assassins, waiting for me?

Were any of them hunting Bradley and his team?

Had they seen him?

As I left the establishment, I cautiously removed my right glove and tested the door. Thousands of imprints, but none of them Bradley. I ground my teeth against any visible reaction, though my step faltered as I hurried back to the car. Stupid, that had been incredibly stupid! But I had been no more able to resist then than at any other time in my life.

How long would I be ruled by my desires, by vague impulses that drove me to recklessness? I could control every other aspect of my life, but this need to know – this need to taste the lives left behind, in search of one – made every new place a shrine for Pandora ’s Box. One of these days I would open one that I could not safely close again, and I would be lost.

Was that what I was after? An oblivion of the senses, an overload that would erase all my pain? That would explain much.

It would explain the excesses of the flesh that drew me like a moth to flame, as they had done since I was a teenager.

It would explain why I had nearly accepted Sonndheim’s offer.

Could it explain the emptiness I now felt, echoing through my soul?

Take a break, before the break takes me – how certain was Garrick that it had not already done so?

Nothing to be done for it now. I had set upon a course of action and would see it through, as I did in all things, for good or ill. Was this stubbornness, or pride? Or fear of seeming indecisive? In any case, it was what drove me, what had driven me all through my career with Esset: a grim doggedness that clung to my decisions and damn the outcome.

When had a pleasure trip become something dire and irrevocable?

No wonder Garrick was worried.

Another glance at the clock: thirty minutes since breakfast. I would be raving mad by the time I arrived if I did not stop this line of thought, and quickly! Again I entrusted my sanity to the radio, finding a music station and turning it up as loud as I could bear. This was my vacation, damn it! And no one was going to sour it.

Not even me.

A/N – Pilgrim

And so a man will seek out a known refuge, no matter how much time has passed. A part of Konnor’s mind recognizes that Rosenkreuz is poison, that fleeing is his only option for sanity. Yet, in the quiet of his own company, uneasy questions begin to surface, painful questions that are not so easily answered.

It is said that the line between madness and sanity is marked by those who know the difference; I wonder where, exactly, Konnor would be on that continuum as he drives from nowhere…to nowhere.