Succumbing
By HotJen (C) 2016


I threw myself at my teacher's feet and looked up at her almost in awe.  She was so beautiful, with her perfect figure, 36D tits, long legs and flaming red hair.  She drove all of the boys crazy and more than a few of us girls, too.  I was so gone over Mrs. Michaels that I couldn't concentrate in class.  Finally, in an act of desperation encouraged by my mom, Mrs. Michaels kept me after class.  She had already spoken with my mom and told her that until I admitted what was distracting me from my schoolwork, she wasn't letting me go home.  My mom agreed to it, much to my surprise.

"I'm ready to come clean!" I yelled, thankful that none of the others had stayed after class today.  Honestly, I was fine where I was.  I was ready to worship Mrs. Michaels.  My favorite teacher was such a fashion plate and from this angle, I could feel her silk stockings - I could see the stocking tops and garter belt.  I could drool over the sexy high heels that she was wearing and wish for the day when I too, would be hot enough to wear shoes like this; shoes like my wonderful mommy also wore.

"You're ready to admit everything, are you Rikki?" My beloved Jillian smiled down at me and helped me to my feet.  I was going to try and think of some excuse and go home for dinner with my mom and older sister.  I wasn't going to openly admit to my favorite teacher the fact that Jillian had a huge lesbian crush on her.  I didn't want that getting around school.  I had lots of friends, but an equal number avoided me as the weird kid.  I didn't care, because I was self-aware and confident.  Not many Asian girls have going for them a 5'8" body with legs and tits to die for.  How many 14-year olds are already sure that they are lesbians?  Loads of my girlfriends had experimented with other girls.  I had not yet done so, but envied those who had.  I have lots of boy friends, but I also know I have no desire to sleep with any of them.  All of my crushes and sexual desires were for women.  I especially admire older women like Jillian, who are sexy and not afraid to flaunt it.  Shauny, my gorgeous mom, is just the same.  Busty and blonde and while she dresses like a bimbo some of the time, mommy is also a member in good standing of Mensa, as am I.  All of the women in my family are smart and value education.  I knew that my failing a class was not an option.

"Don't lie to me, I will know if you're fibbing," Jillian scolded me as she sat in a chair behind her desk and crossed her incredible long legs.  The skirt rode up and I bet I gazed at those legs for a good 3 minutes.  I wanted so much to touch them, to massage her and be her docile little pet.  All my sex fantasies were of Jillian, her tits and legs and me dressed up to please her.  Rikki knew what she wanted, even if that was an impossible dream.  No teacher was going to risk her career to have a fling with a student, even one as hot as I am.

"You're trembling, don't be afraid," Jillian smiled and I felt myself flush with excitement.  I lived for her approval and it actually pained me that I was letting her down.  She just didn't know that while she was trying to mentor me, she was driving me crazy by being so close.  Her body, her perfume, the lovely way in which she spoke, her manner of dress - I couldn't think of anything else but sex with her, sweet lesbian sex which would bring both of us the ultimate pleasures.  I worked hard to achieve good grades, but I also would have thrown all of it away for one lick of her gorgeous nipples.

"Your mother and I are concerned for you, that's why we've taken these measures," Jillian continued, rocking one leg back and forth and dangling one of those expensive heels from her exquisite feet.  I often wondered where a teacher got the money for the shoes and clothes she favored.  The heels were Louis Vuitton and I love fashion, so I knew that they cost more than the average teacher earned in two weeks.  I had also seen her in Christian Louboutins and Jimmy Choo heels as well.  Never had I seen her wear a cheap outfit and real silk stockings, such as Jillian fancied, didn't come cheap either.  I figured that maybe her husband bought them for her.  Maybe he had a fetish for dressing up his wife.

"Mrs. Michaels, I ..."

"Actually Nikki dear, it's Miss Michaels," she spoke up.  "The school had this silly policy of hiring only married teachers when I started here a few years ago, but they forgot to ask me," she smiled sweetly.  "They made the assumption that I was married and I didn't bother to correct them.  I am admitting this to you because I don't want there to be any secrets between us, do you see?" 

I was starting to feel nervous again.  Miss Michaels had always treated me with such kindness and had mentored me from the beginning of the school year.  Would it be so difficult to admit the truth?  I could fudge it a little and say I had a crush on her.  Lots of girls my age have girl-crushes.  It was as much truth as I was willing to admit and it might save a lot of time and effort.  I wouldn't have to think of a lie, just remember this version of the truth.  Yes, that is what I decided to do.

"I think you're wonderful!" I blurted out.  "Whenever you're around me, my heart starts to pound and I can't think straight.  That's why I'm failing - you - distract me and that's the truth!" I admitted.

Jillian's smile made me want to squirm.  "There, was that so difficult?" She said to me at last and stood up.  "The truth shall set you free, they always say.  Can I tell you a little secret of my own?" She asked.  I nodded and she came over to the desk where I was sitting and stood right beside me.  "I think you're pretty special as well, that's why I chose you out of all the other girls."  Her hand grazed my cheek as I looked into her sexy green eyes and felt weak in the knees.  I was thankful that I was now sitting down or I likely would have fallen to her feet again and perhaps, told her the entire truth.

"I'm so thrilled to hear you say that, I promise to work extra hard and get my grades back up," I said to her.  "I want to get back in your good graces again; I'll do whatever it takes."  I meant it, every word.  I thought maybe I could borrow one of my sister's sex toys and get myself off at nights, so I'd be able to concentrate better in Miss Michaels' class.  I didn't want her upset with me, not ever again.

"I'm glad to hear that sweetheart, truly I am," Jillian said as she sat beside me.  With her long legs and busty figure, it was a tight fit.  I have the same problem at times.  "In the spirit of full disclosure, it isn't your grades that are the major issue.  It's a personal matter that is more important, as I see it."

"A - personal matter?  I don't understand.  I've already confessed that I have a crush on you and I ..."

Jillian laughed, waved her hand and then, she put a manicured finger to my lips.  "No, no, there's more to it than that.  You want me.  You want to have sex with me, to serve me, to eat my pussy, to be my own little Asian fuck toy.  That's what you want, baby girl.  Admit it and we can move on from this," she said, her voice uncharacteristically stern.

I should have denied it, every word.  Instead, I just put my head down, took a deep breath and raised my head to look admiringly at her, with no hidden agenda.  "Yes," I said in calm and tranquil tone.  "It's true, Miss Michaels ... Jillian ... I have these feelings for you.  I know they aren't natural, but I ..."

"Time out," Jillian spoke.  "First - you must continue to call me Miss Michaels, you need to know your place.  Second, who says these emotions aren't natural?  Society?  I've never given a fuck about the rules and I don't intend to start now.  You're a gorgeous young girl, a little Asian sex doll and your finding me attractive is enormously flattering.  Now we've gotten past that, here is something you probably didn't expect - I'm thrilled that you have those feelings, I enjoy it!"

"You ...?"

"Yes, I am and yes, I do," Miss Michaels answered me.  "I've had a little thing for you since the beginning of the year.  I could tell after a few weeks that you had a - sorry for the pun - yen for me.  Good, now it's all in the open.  Would you like to have sex with me, to serve me at my pleasure?  I think I'd quite like that," she smiled evilly.  Now I was at a loss for words, rare for me.  I am president of the Debate Club, after all, and I perform on stage like a Tokyo Pop Star.

I had to be hearing things or perhaps, I'd was back home in my bed, sleeping and dreaming every bit of this.  I looked at the sexy redhead in awe and shook my head.  "Miss Michaels, are you actually saying to me that I can have sex with you - any time I want?"

"Yes - and no," Jillian answered.  She leaned closer to me and made no attempt to disguise her cleavage or the lacy black bra that held in her burgeoning tits.  I almost could have reached out and squeezed them.  She got up again and walked around to the other side of my desk.  Miss Michaels pinched my cheeks and looked at me in an entirely new manner.  I was actually frightened for a moment or two.

"I'm not a cruel woman, darling Nikki, but I am a demanding woman," she informed me.  "I like things to go my way and yes, that includes sexually.  In the bedroom, I am in charge - are you with me so far?"

"Yes, yes," I said excitedly.  "I would have problem with that, I don't have any experience, so you could do whatever you wanted with me.

I think that for the first time today, I had surprised her.  "I didn't know that," she said, cocking her head to one side and looking at me.  "NO experience?  I am surprised at that, you're so fucking gorgeous."  Her using profanity caught me by surprise but we had already gone past the normal student / teacher parameters.  "Well, we can work with that.  I can mold and transform you into my kind of docile little sexpot."

"This really isn't some weird dream or odd practical joke?" I questioned, to which I got another pinch of my lips and a slight swat to my cheek.  Okay, not a dream and obviously now, she was serious.

"IF I accept you as a sex partner, it's all my rules or nothing," Jillian - Miss Michaels - said to me.  "Right now, we've only been dealing with hypotheticals.  Nothing has happened.  Do you want something to happen, dear Nikki?"

"Yes, Yes, I do, very much," I gasped, feeling almost as if I was about to faint.  I was that excited by the sudden change in our relationship.  "I'll do anything you want me to, I'll learn anything you want me to," I begged her.

Her eyes appraised me with a new way.  "You may have to," Miss Michaels went on.  "This may took more than I expected, but you are so very lovely and accomplished, so I think we'll be fine, IF you put in the effort.  Do you understand that whatever happens next, it is all at my discretion?  That I make all the decisions, I call the shots?"

"Yes, Yes, I do," I breathed, living out one of my wildest and most vivid fantasies.  No one knew about them, not my closest friends or even my sister.  It was quite an odd situation I found myself in.  The sensible part of me should have run away screaming and tried to reclaim the pieces of my life.  She was long gone.  I was blinded by my lust and devotion to this incredible woman, a slave to her every desire as well as my own.

Jillian went into the drawer of her desk and came back with something I couldn't quite see.  She held it out to me and said "Put it on."  I saw then that it was a tiny white choker with a silver chain attached.  I didn't understand at first.

"This means that you are absolutely devoted to me, that you are my Pet," Jillian said.  "I've had - I have - a few others, but you are my newest and may be my favorite.  If you put this on, it means your absolute and total devotion.  That you trust me to look after you and your best needs.  It means you know I will allow no harm to come to you and that we can be together in every way," she concluded.

Once I heard those words, my mind was made up.  To some, I'm sure they would have been in a tizzy and panicked.  To me, they made everything so clear.  I put the leather choker around my neck and handed Miss Michaels the chain.  I looked up at her with a blissful expression and with love.  Whatever came next, I knew Miss Michaels would have my best interests in mind.  She tugged the chain to show me how I was to obey her at all times.  The chain could be removed whenever she was around, the choker could not.  That was those "in the know" would understand I was her property.  She was free to share me - I was not free to share.

"I want you to understand what it means to be owned by me, pet," Jillian - Miss Michaels - spoke gently but firmly.  She sat on the edge of her desk and lifted her skirts.  I finally had an unimpeded look at her thighs, so smooth and lovely.  "You are to worship me until I tell you to stop," Miss Michaels instructed.

I was so terrified of disappointing my new owner that I made some momentary mistakes.  "I - I've never been - with anyone!" I protested.  "We're still at school, what if someone were to catch us?"

Miss Michaels proved that she was both patient and in command.  "I will allow this just this once, because of your inexperience.  You must act on instinct in making love to me, but you must make me cum.  It is always on you to make me cum, my needs are more important than your own.  As I told you pet, I will always protect you.  It is past 6:30 and it is likely no one is here.  However, I locked the door just in case.  Now, my sexy bitch, come to me and worship my pussy.  Lick me until you make me cum, understand?"

I did understand that this was some sort of test.  I do very well on tests, so I gave Miss Michaels my most winning smile and approached her in the most docile manner I knew how.  I sought a kiss and was granted one, then I set to work.  I paid homage to the thighs I had so long dreamt of, but I understood my lady was horny and needed her pet to alleviate that.  I could already smell the heady aroma of her pussy.  I moved in close and discovered her panties were crotchless.  She told me later she had worn them all day, anticipating my surrender at her pet.  I so adored my new mistress that I set right to work licking and lapping her sweet muff.  My tongue did not even miss a spot as I licked and tasted, probed, slithered and did all sorts of things that I hoped would please her.  I learned later to know all of her signs.  Her head thrown back and her eyes closed, that was one of them.  Her hands tangled up in my long, dark hair as the student learned her favorite lessons.  Her legs clamped around me to hold me in place, but I would not have gone anywhere.  I was where I wanted to be, where I belonged, serving Miss Michaels in the manner she truly deserved.

My face was getting drenched by her juices and it hurt a bit to have her long nails digging into my scalp - all of that only made it better, more profound.  I had never been with a girl, with anyone, but I just remembered every little thing I'd read or been told about sex, including sex with girls.  My mouth was fastened to her pussy and I ate her readily, although not too rough.  I didn't want to hurt her in any fashion.  I was so glad to be where I was that you could not have dislodged me with a crowbar.

"Enough pet, enough," Miss Michaels pushed me away and stood up.  Remember, I wanted to stay where I was.  This only goes to show how much power she already had.  She started removing her clothing and I gasped.  In my wildest fantasies, I never could have done her justice.  She was the magnificent, redheaded amazon of my dreams.  Her tits were round, perfect and did not sag.  Her stomach was smooth and flat.  She got on top of her large desk and stretched out.  "It's time I took care of my pet, but she did such a good job pleasing me that I want that to continue," she told me.  "We're going to do a sixty-nine, you undress and then, climb on top of me, please, chop-chop!  That's my lovely pet, oh goodness, what pretty lingerie!" She exclaimed.  "Where did you get that, it's far nicer than girls your age usually wear."

I explained that my sister and mom both liked expensive lingerie, some they had bought for my pleasure, some were hand-me downs.  That seemed to placate her and she instructed me on where to position myself.  In a little under an hour, I had become the sex toy of the woman I adored and now, she was going to please me.  I was such a happy little piggy, so thrilled that we had already done so much.

I was also pleased that despite being a bit of a book nerd, I keep in good shape.  I run, go to the gym, I swim and do gymnastics.  I would learn that all of that would serve me well.  I am not a tiny diminutive Asian gal.  I'm taller than most and I have a firm, tight body with great tits.  I allowed myself a bit of vanity as I realized that while I was lucky to serve Miss Michaels, she was also fortunate to have a hot little piece like me serving her.  With that in mind, I allowed myself to be guided into my first sixty-nine.  Miss Michaels' tongue hit my pussy and I was in paradise.  I knew my role was to please her, so I made sure to do that, but it wasn't as easy as the previous time.  It's harder to concentrate on sex when someone else is devouring your cunt and making you see the world through a kaleidoscope.  I was enthralled at just how good another person eating me was.  What kind-of threw me was how noisy she was.  She was yelping and licking and slurping as she made love to her new toy and I was sure if anyone was still in the school, we would be discovered.  What made it even kinkier is that by now, I didn't care.  I would have been proud to be known as Miss Michaels' personal little slut.  I'd have worn it as a badge of honor.  I went back to serving my lady and making sure she knew how much I appreciated her generous gift.

We had sex for the next several hours, fairly vanilla for what would come in later days.  I didn't get home until after 8:30.  My mom, Shauny, was in the kitchen waiting for me.  So was Kim, my older sister.  Shauny and our daddy adopted us together 13 years ago when we were just infants.  We've never met our birth parents.

Jillian - Miss Michaels - had removed the leash, saying that was hers to keep.  The collar was only to be removed with permission or under dire circumstances.  I touched it gently as I hung up my coat.  I recalled every taste and sensation of that evening and I felt chills.  I was so happy and my mom and sister noticed as they fixed me a small meal.

"I'm glad you're so happy now, sweetheart," Mommy said to me.  "I know that things are going to be much better now that you and Miss Michaels have come to an understanding," she said as she put a plate of food in front of me and sat down.  My mom Shauny wore a satisfied smile and it was then that I noticed.  Kim, my older sister, was wearing a collar too.  It was identical to mine, except hers was black. 

I had only just scratched the surface of the world that was lying ahead in wait for me.