They played hand after hand of poker in relative silence, punctuated by Phillip pouring more whiskey into his glass, or letting a wry throaty chuckle tumble out of his throat whenever he lost a hand. Before he'd known it, the bottle was two thirds gone and they were both sprawled sloppily across the chairs, loose-limbed and whiskey-warmed in the darkness of the early hours of the morning. Christian was a little drunk, but he was thankful. He wasn't alone at his flat and, if he had to deal with the evil little voice in the back of his head that wondered how Phillip's lips would look painted with ropes of his cum, and whether or not he would swallow it, it was a fair trade off.

"I'm really shit at this game, man." Phillip muttered, throwing down a piteous pair of threes and downing his shot straight from the bottle. Christian grunted noncommittally in response and held out his hand for the bottle. "I'm going to turn in," Phillip murmured, "but let's do this again next week? Jessica'll never know what hit her."

There was something delicate and hopeful in Phillip's gaze that almost had Christian squirming in his seat with anticipation. He was asking for something, his hand warm on Christian's shoulder lingering a little too long, his smile just this side of shy. So Christian took a drink, and agreed gruffly. "Sure, next week. Sounds good."

Phillip had not been exaggerating; he was terrible at poker. Christian could see through every bluff, read the excitement or fear when Phillip was about to place a bet, and the light-hearted disappointment whenever he lost - which was often.

"How can you be so good at this?" Phillip whined after losing his fifth hand in a row.

Christian looked at him evenly, took a sip of his whiskey, mentioned something about having ample opportunity to practice the skill when he was younger. Phillip didn't need to know that he'd basically been the reigning champion of his correctional facility, or that growing up as the little brother of Gregor Mann endowed you with a plethora of skills that wouldn't look so great on a resume.

"I think the problem," Phillip reflected, swirling the whiskey on his tongue and licking his lips in a way that sort of bothered Christian, "is that the stakes aren't high enough. What if, with every hand you win I have to hand over something really valuable, and vice versa?"

Phillip had a weird wanting light in his eyes again, and as intrigued as Christian was, he wasn't so drunk as to not be cautious. He'd learned to read physical cues as a boxer, and he could divine a lot of things, where an opponent would move, what they wanted to do to you, where they were aiming, and when they were scared. Phillip was smiling his distracted aloof royal smile, but he was barely breathing, scared out of his mind, and Christian had to quash down the hot little furl of interest the thought of that inspired deep in his gut.

"What do you mean, valuable?" Christian asked, staring Phillip down, daring him to lie, feeling like he sort of wanted it because then he'd have a reason to blow up at this prince who'd been nothing but unassuming, calm, and polite – unflappable and damn if Christian didn't want to see him a little more than nervous, off-kilter, shaken.

"Secrets." The prince said serenely, shuffling the cards and dealing them out. "We'll play for secrets."

It wasn't late, the whiskey bottle was more than half full and Christian could back out of this, should back out of this, because Phillip may have been debonair and polished but it was a veneer. Phillip, as usual, had played his hand too early and, like almost everyone Christian had known, he wanted to be the one Christian let inside, even though there was nothing left in there but something black and wrong, a burnt lump of tinder where his heart used to beat. But the fact remained – he was abysmal at poker.

"Secrets." Christian echoed, "Sure, hit me again dealer."

There had been many things Phillip had been forced to share that night, the night they'd bartered with secrets. He'd bet with a pair of aces and, shocked at Christian's straight flush, confessed that he wasn't sure if he loved Nico. This was something Christian understood; Nico was difficult at best and ice cold at worst, and they all knew it was because she was still so hung up over Andi. On a particularly spectacular hand of two pairs of nothing and a ten of clubs Phillip had blushingly admitted to experimenting with Tristan in boarding school. Despite the fact that Tristan disgusted him to no end, the idea of Phillip engaging in awkward schoolboy fumblings as a teen lit Christian up like a furnace, he was only a man after all.

At his truly tragic pair of eights, Phillip fessed up about Antonia, and how she'd liked to tie him to their bedpost for hours at a time, and sometimes whip him. The red creeping into his cheeks at that particular revelation, Christian knew, had nothing to do with the severely diminished whiskey on the table, and it made his dark heart beat faster.

Phillip only won one hand that night, and he made it easy on Christian by asking a question instead of waiting for him to volunteer information.

"So why'd you flip out so badly, Christian, over a kiss? Don't look at me like that, Helena told Nico and Nico told me. I know you're hurting but I don't know, you sort of blew things out of proportion, no?"

They hadn't bothered to turn on the rest of the kitchen lights, and Phillip couldn't see his face, nor could he see Phillip's. It reminded him of confessional when he was a kid, when Wolfgang had still cared about that sort of thing. The voice of the priest had always been curious, kind and comforting, and knowing. Like Christian's sins were an open book and Father was in the booth just waiting for a recital. Phillip's voice held that warm inevitable quality, and Christian found himself responding before he'd had time to think it out.

"Yes and no," he answered thoughtfully, looking at anything but the dark outline of Phillip's silhouette, the sense memory hitting too close to home. "I could never think straight around Olli or about anything that had to do with Olli. I don't even know how to explain it, it's like- he was-" Christian was quiet and still for a while, willing the words he couldn't say to come to him. Phillip shifted a little straighter in the seat, and Christian could tell he was invested.

"Everyone leaves me." Christian said quietly. "Every single person I've ever loved or let myself care about, leaves me eventually. And for a while I thought it would be different with Oliver. For a while it was different. But when he told me he kissed that bastard, I wanted to be the one to leave, to get away first. By the time I came to my senses, the whole thing was ruined beyond repair. Even if we could fix it now, he's gone. It's better that way. I'm better alone. Except when I'm not. Shit, this is just nonsense."

Phillip nodded silently, letting the half light fill the space between them, and the ticking clock lull them into monotonous silence.

The next week, Christian remembered exactly what it had been like to be in jail with hundreds of convicts because, evidently, Phillip was one of them.

" You've got to be kidding me, I mean, has this all been a ridiculous long – con?" Phillip's skills had improved a little too fast to be credited, drawing miracle card after miracle card. Christian, however, found himself habitually offended at the cards he drew, holding them away from himself like a smelly sock or a dirty diaper.

"Maybe I picked up a book from the library." Phillip replied smoothly, laying down trip aces with the flourish of an old casino dealer.

Christian would have ordinarily laughed at that, if it weren't for the fact that the stakes from last week stood and the Prince's questions had been benign thus far, and he knew it wasn't going to last because they were already two thirds through the bottle and halfway through the night, and Christian had already taken his boots off. They both knew neither of them was going anywhere.

"How did you end up with a guy anyway?" Phillip asked, unbuttoning his dress shirt and loosening his tie. "You really don't seem like the likely candidate." Phillip continued without, Christian noted, looking him in the eye.

"Took me by surprise too, trust me." Christian snorted. "But I always said you have to try everything once. And, oh, did I try. Olli and I tried almost every damn day - twice a day." He took a long pull on the bottle and passed it back to Phillip, ignoring the way his cock twitched at his memories of Olli, on his back, on his knees, inside of Christian. Surprise wasn't the word for how hard Christian had fallen. It had been devastation pure and simple, and watching Phillip's lips pucker around the opening of the bottle, his throat working to swallow the liquor, Christian could almost feel Olli again and the woozy dizziness he usually associated with him.

"That good, huh?" Phillip asked, his hazel eyes finally flickering back to Christian's, his voice roughened just a touch by something Christian could identify easily. There was curiosity, of course, but also a kind of defiant challenge and a heady purr of arousal that he knew he wasn't just imagining or projecting.

"The best I ever had." Christian's voice was even, but his pulse was throbbing and he could feel his cock starting to fill in anticipation. It had been months, and oh the spirit was weak but the flesh was more than willing.

Phillip moved slowly out of his seat sinking to the floor in front of Christian and placing a tentative hand on his knee. "So you never, I mean, with another man?" Phillip asked as his hand snaked its way up Christian's thigh reaching for his belt buckle.

"No, never." Christian's hips canted slightly at the sight of Phillip's tongue darting out to wet his lips. It would be so easy to just sit here and let this man please him, but Phillip's hands were shaking and he was breathing entirely too hard for someone who'd conspired for weeks to maneuver Christian into this moment. He stopped Phillip's hand from moving further up, pinning it to his thigh as they watched each other for half of forever.

"What do you want, Phillip?" But Christian found he already didn't care about the answer to the question as Phillip parted his thighs and slid in between them, undoing the catch of his belt buckle with the other hand.

"What do you need Christian?" He answered breathlessly, easing one hand into Christian's breeches to pull his cock out and lick a long wet stripe from root to tip. There was no answer on Christian's part, his head fell back and his hips started rolling in pleasure.

"It's been so long for you, hasn't it? Why ask questions? In the morning you can blame it on the drink."

Phillip swallowed Christian whole then, pushing his plump lower lip and tongue flush against the base of Christian's prick, his hot tongue darting out to swipe at Christian's balls. Those sounds, the little moans and sighs punctuated by the obscene wet sucking noises, were driving Christian a special sort of insane, and he couldn't push far enough into that enticing wet heat as he fisted the Prince's hair, sliding his cock along the Prince's accommodating tongue, further than was wise, pushing right into his throat. Phillip gagged, and Christian gasped at the sudden pressure around his dick. He pulled Phillip up and off intending to apologize, but Phillip gripped his thighs hard and, panting harshly, said, "No, do it again. I like it that way."

Christian couldn't control himself, couldn't keep himself from pushing past those pliant wet lips, sliding wetly in and out of the Prince's mouth as he keened struggling for every breath that Christian would allow. Christian closed his eyes and concentrated on the Prince's sounds, the way his hands shook on Christian's thighs, how nice and tight his throat was whenever he slammed into it roughly.

"You like it that way, hmm?" Christian asked, his breath hitching and his toes starting to curl. Phillip moaned louder around his sex in affirmation, and Christian could see the Prince's hand flying rapidly over his own dick, keeping pace with Christian's erratic thrusts. Phillip opened his eyes, and they were dazed, pupils wide and black, blissfully blank, a vortex of desire -Christian lost it. He was drunk, and it wasn't whiskey or fatigue that was making him so light headed, but power, pure and simple. Gripping the Prince's head like this, it was taking in hand the control that had eluded him all these months, the control that Olli had stripped him of completely.

The Prince was at his mercy willingly, and totally dependant on Christian, even for his oxygen, yet it was Christian who felt like he couldn't breathe, his whole body shuddering in the beginnings of a long overdue climax. It couldn't have been more than two minutes before he held the Prince's head down, shooting down his throat and whispering - God Christian didn't even know what he was whispering. Curses, promises of what he wanted to do, humiliating names for the Prince, a litany of dark lust poured from his mouth as he abused Phillip's mouth. When his orgasm crashed over him it robbed him of even those words, leaving him with tiny little 'ah, ah, ah,' sounds and the slight damp feel of the Prince's scalp against his fingertips when he finally pulled out.

He let Phillip rest his head on his thigh as he fisted himself to completion all over the shiny clean of Frau Lentil's parquet. There was an idle buzz of satisfaction, for just a minute, as Christian pushed his deflating cock in and out of the prince's mouth. But it was all ruined a minute later when Phillip rubbed his nose against Christian's thigh, leaving painfully sweet and thankful kisses on Christian's skin, saying "thank you," in an awful rasp that Christian knew he was the cause of. The worst of it was that Christian wanted to do it again, wanted to do worse, to see just how much the Prince could take.

The chair rattled back as he pushed Phillip off of his lap, hastily doing up his pants pointedly avoiding the sight of Phillip sprawled on the floor with his legs open, his hair wrecked from Christian's hands, his cock poking through his fly, still twitching and red. Christian didn't say anything, he couldn't even be bothered to put his boots back on, escape was his only priority, because if he stayed, if he gave Phillip what he'd been begging for with his eyes, he would truly lose everything.