The Notebook- What the hell is going on?

A/N: Yay, chapter 3! Okay, so we lied. There's not going to be a really long wait. We decided we'd type up the rest of what he had written just to hold you all over, and though this chapter is going to be short, at least it's something. Chapter 4 (or chapter 3 part 2, however we decide to do it), however, will take us some time. Please bear with us-we lost of lot of writing, and we barely remember most of what was in it.

Disclaimer: If we owned Prince of Tennis, there would be a lot less tennis and a lot more mansex. It belongs to Konomi Takeshi, who, though he clearly likes mansex, has not seen fit to incorporate it into the series.

Chapter Warnings: …Tomoka, which is a warning in itself. A rather permanent OC, though I promise that she is very lovable. Utter crack, Fuji plotting nonsensical things (like, really crazy things), stalker yaoi fangirls. (Everyone's favorite kind!) Manipulation, mostly by Fuji. A four-year-old who's probably smarter than she should be, but we don't care. Drunk Tezuka (what, again?). Girl-time talk. …That's it? Well, it's a relatively short chapter, I suppose.

"I didn't know you guys were coming up here! My parents are staying in one of the cabins. By the way, this is my little sister, Ryomoka! So where are you all staying? How long have you been here? We got here a couple days ago…"

Ryoma rubbed his temples as Tomoka rambled on and on, her arms still around his shoulders. He sent Momo a pleading look, and the older boy immediately pulled him away from her, putting a protective arm around his boyfriend's waist.

"What'd you do that for!" Tomoka demanded, hands on her hips, scowling at Momo.

"Wai!" Ryomoka hugged tightly onto a pair of denim-clad legs, causing a startled yelp from her hug-ee as he fell to the cement, the little girl toppling with him.

Ryomoka laughed as she climbed onto the boy's lap and reached up, stealing the green bandana from his head and placing it on her own.

Kaidoh was too startled to do anything; kids didn't usually like him, and they certainly didn't hug him.

"Ne, ne, Tomo-nee-chan! Who's this?" she asked, bouncing up and down in Kaidoh's lap.

"Eh? That's Kaidoh-sempai," Tomoka said disinterestedly. "Kaidoh Kaoru. Momo-sempai, you're so mean!"

Ryomoka smiled and threw her arms around Kaidoh's neck. "Kaoru-nii-chan!"

Kaidoh looked at Inui desperately. "Inui-sempai…"

"She seems to have taken a liking to you. You wouldn't want to make her cry, would you?"

Kaidoh glared at him and hissed lowly, making Ryomoka giggle.

"Fushuu," she imitated and giggled again. "I like you! You're nice!"

"Fushuu, if you want nice, go to Kikumaru-sempai or Oishi-sempai," Kaidoh mumbled as he stood back up. He set her down on her little tennis shoe clad feet.

"No!" Her pig tails swished as she shook her head. "Kaoru-nii-chan!" She held up her arms for him to pick her up.

"You really shouldn't yell in Ryoma's ears, what if it damages his tennis skills?" Momo bluffed. Ryoma gave him a "wtf?" look.

"What does that have to do with tennis?" Tomoka shouted at him.

"It… it… what if… he goes blind during a match and needs to be able to hear the ball?"

"Like that would ever happen!"

"It happened to Fuji-sempai!"

"Yeah, well, it's not like I'm that loud anyway!"

"Yeah, you are, and you do it pretty much every day, I'd be surprised if he didn't go totally deaf soon!"

Tomoka huffed. "Ryoma-sama doesn't mind, does he?"

Ryoma pulled his cap down over his eyes. "Che…"

"See?"

"He didn't even answer!"

"Did so!"

"Did not!"

"Did so!"

"Did not!"

Ryoma sighed and, noticing a Ponta machine across the street, slipped away from the pair.

Kaidoh picked up the little girl and balanced her on his hip. "Happy?"

"Yup!" She snuggled into the tennis player's neck affectionately.

"Haha! Look, your sister's sweet on the snake!" Momo laughed loudly.

"No, Ryomoka!" Tomoka snatched her sister from Kaidoh and pointed at Ryoma, walking back toward them with a can of Ponta. "You like Ryoma-sama!"

Ryomoka began to throw a fit in a volume that made Tomoka's rambles seem like they were whispered.

"Ne, Tomoka-chan," Oishi said, "maybe you should give her back to Kaidoh…"

"But-but-" Tomoka looked from the screaming four-year-old to Kaidoh and back again. She sighed and held her sister out to Kaidoh. "Fine. Take her."

The snakelike boy reluctantly took Ryomoka into his arms. She immediately stopped crying and hooked her arms around Kaidoh's neck. "Kaoru-nii-chan!"

"I suppose this means we'll be spending the day with Tomoka, then," Inui said.

Tomoka and Momo glared daggers at each other.

The group quickly divided into four groups: Inui, Kaidoh, and Ryomoka in front, then Momo, Ryoma, and Tomoka, Fuji, Eiji, and Taka following, and Tezuka and Oishi bringing up the rear. Ryuzaki-sensei had wandered off almost immediately after they'd arrived to shop by herself, claiming that none of them had any shopping sense outside of tennis, besides Fuji.

"Ne, Kaoru-nii-chan, can I come home with you?" Ryomoka asked.

Kaidoh coughed as he choked on his water. "What?"

"I want to go home with you and Haru-nii-chan!"

"No-I don't think that's such a good idea-" Kaidoh stammered. Tears welled in Ryomoka's eyes.

"Kaidoh-sempai, why is Ryomoka crying?" Tomoka demanded, storming toward him.

"I-I didn't-" Kaidoh protested as Tomoka took Ryomoka from him.

"Tomo-nee-chan, I want to go home with Kaoru-nii-chan and Haru-nii-chan!"

"Who's 'Haru-nii-chan'?"

Ryomoka pointed at Inui.

Tomoka scowled. "Why do you want to go with them?"

"'Cause Haru-nii-chan promised he'd make me yummy juice!"

Kaidoh turned to Inui angrily. "Inui-sempai!"

"I wasn't going to going to give her anything that would be debilitating. She's only four. What do you take me for?"

Kaidoh frowned. "I'm supervising you."

Inui just smiled and pulled his boyfriend against him, forcing his cheeks into a red color.

"Are Haru-nii-chan and Kaoru-nii-can married?" Ryomoka's eyes got owlish as her sister set her down.

Fuji smiled at the little girl. "No, Ryomoka-chan, but I'm sure Haru-nii-chan has that planned for the future."

"Syuu-nii is so smart!" Ryomoka kissed his cheek with a blush. "Nee-chan, can I please go home with them, please? I don't wanna stay home alone with you and Horio-nii. He's not nice!"

"Your parents trust you and Horio with a small child?" Ryoma gave her a half-scowl.

"Wah, Ryoma-sama, you're so mean!" Tomoka whined.

Ryomoka tugged at her sister's pig tails. "Please, Nee-chan?"

"I don't think Mom and Dad would like it if I sent you home with strangers, Ryo-chan."

"We aren't strangers," Fuji pointed out. "You know us. And we've got an adult to supervise. They've met Ryuzaki-sensei, haven't they?"

"Yeah, but-"

"Come on, just call and ask them, won't you?"

"But-but-" Tomoka sighed. "Fine. But don't get your hopes up. Fuji-sempai, can I borrow your cell phone?"

Ryomoka clapped her hands cutely. "Yay!" she squealed happily.

"Hi, Mom, it's Tomoka."

Fuji smiled and moved back to Eiji and Taka. Eiji pulled his best friend to his chest protectively, scowling at his captain.

Tezuka turned, feeling eyes burning holes in the back of his head, and matched the glare, noting the tensai in Eiji's arms. Oishi followed Tezuka's glare and started his own at what he saw.

Taka-san looked like he very badly wanted to help, but all he could manage was looking back and forth between the four of them.

"Ne, Kaoru-nii-chan," Ryomoka inquired, pulling on Kaidoh's sleeve. "Why are Mitsu-nii and Eiji-nii mad at each other?"

Kaidoh scratched his head, not sure how to word it for the tiny virgin ears. "Well, see… Fuji-sempai got hurt, and Kikumaru-sempai thinks it's Tezuka-buchou's fault."

"Is it?"

"Well… sort of…"

Ryomoka frowned cutely. "Down, please."

Kaidoh blinked. "All right…"

The little girl stomped over to Tezuka, raised her hand, and spanked him. "Bad Mitsu-nii-chan!"

Tezuka's eyes widened and he spun around, hands flying to the assaulted area.

Fuji walked over to her. "Ryomoka-chan, that area is private property."

Tomoka and Kaidoh gaped, and Eiji burst into a fit of laughter. Inui's notebook appeared.

"Oh! Um… yes, Mom, I'm here…" Tomoka walked a few steps away.

"Sorry, Syuu-nii-chan," Ryomoka said, "but Kaoru-nii-chan said that Mitsu-nii hurted you! And when I do bad things, I get a spanking!"

Fuji picked her up. "Now, now, be nice to your nii-chan. He didn't mean to hurt me."

"But… Syuu-nii… how did Mitsu-nii hurt you?"

"Well…" Fuji looked up at Tezuka for help.

"Syusuke and I were wrestling, Ryomoka. And I got a little too rough."

"Nuh-uh!" She pouted and crossed her arms. "You're not my nii-chans anymore! My nii-chans wouldn't lie to me!"

"Ryo-chan!" Tomoka shouted from just a few feet away, "Mom wants to talk to you!"

Fuji and Tezuka blinked, frozen to the spot. Tomoka walked over. "Don't think that just because she's four and innocent, she can't see through a lie." Surprisingly enough, it wasn't said loudly.

"What were we supposed to tell her?" Tezuka asked. "It's not like we could say what really happened."

"Why not? Just tell her it's something grown-ups do and she'll find out when she's older."

Ryomoka bounced back over to them and held the phone out to her sister. She glared at Tezuka and Fuji.

Fuji knelt in front of her. "Ryomoka-chan? Mitsu-nii and I are very sorry. See, we've never been around a little girl before, especially not such a pretty one. So we weren't really sure what to say when you asked what we were doing. The truth is, we were doing very grown-up things that you're much too young to know about."

Wide, innocent green eyes looked up at him. "Grown-up things like Tomo-nee does with Horio-nii?"

"RYOMOKA!"

Fuji fought back a laugh. "Yes, those things."

"Oh. Okay." Ryomoka smiled. "I forgive you!"

Tezuka decided then that Fuji would make a very, very good 'mommy'.

Ryomoka spun around and ran back to Kaidoh. "Kaoru-nii-chan, up!" She was picked up with a gentle hiss.

"There is a seventy-five percent chance that you will leave a lasting impression on her, Kaoru," Inui mumbled into his ear.

Kaidoh hissed as the breath tickled his ear. "S-sempai!"

Tomoka walked over to them with the news.

"Mom says Ryomoka can stay with you," she said to Kaidoh. "But just for tonight. They expect her back by noon tomorrow. I'll call with directions to our cabin."

Ryomoka squeaked happily and buried her face in Kaidoh's shoulder.

"Kaoru-nii-chan… I have to go potty!"

Tomoka grinned and pushed Ryomoka's bag into Inui's hands. "Have fun!" she called as she skipped away.

Fuji's smile was pained. "Ryo-chan… when your daddy takes you out and you have to go potty, which bathroom does he take you in?"

"Um… I dunno…"

Kaidoh looked uncomfortable. "Is there a family restroom?"

"Not that I've seen," Inui said. "It's possible there is one in one of those restaurants, though."

"It doesn't seem right to take her into the men's room…"

"But we can't take her in the ladies' room!"

Eight pairs of eyes went to Fuji.

"What? …No. There's no way I'd get away with it. I'm wearing boy's clothes."

The eyes flickered to Ryoma. He was kid-ish; he could get away with it!

"No."

Everyone turned back to Kaidoh and the squirming girl in his arms.

"There's an eighty-four percent chance you'd get away with it if you kept your head down." Inui smiled sheepishly.

"Kaoru-nii, I really gotta go!"

"I hate you all!" Kaidoh growled. "Where are the bathrooms, Inui-sempai?"

Inui pointed across the street helpfully.

He sighed heavily and quickly ran across the street. When he was sure no one was looking, he ducked his head down and hurried inside the women's restroom.

Kaidoh thanked every god he knew of that there wasn't a line and entered the closest open stall. He put Ryomoka down.

"You don't need me to-pull your pants down, do you?"

She shook her head, so Kaidoh turned around. She may have just been a little girl, but it was still weird. Besides, who wanted someone watching them while they used the bathroom?

"Ugh, I'm having the worst cramps…"

Kaidoh blinked.

"Bad period?"

"It's always this bad the first couple days. And this is when I bleed the heaviest, too."

He shuddered. I don't want to hear this, I don't want to hear this…

"Do you have a tampon?"

"Yeah, hold on… here you go!"

"All done, Kaoru-nii-chan!"

"Nii-chan?"

"Is there a guy in here?"

"That sounded like a little girl!"

Kaidoh gulped and was pulled out of the stall by his little charge. "Kaoru-nii-chan, I can't reach."

Kaidoh lifted her up to the sink, head down and face red. "Fushuu…"

"Hey! This is the ladies' room!"

Kaidoh looked up. On one side of him was a tall girl who didn't look happy with him.

"And why are you with this cutie?"

Ryomoka scowled. "Be nice to my Kaoru-nii-chan!"

The other girl knelt in front of Ryomoka. "Little girl, did he touch you in a private place?"

"Huh? No… why would he do that? Kaoru-nii has a boyfriend already!"

There was a pause, and then two loud squeals of "Cuuuute!"

Kaidoh groaned mentally. He got enough of yaoi fangirls and Seigaku.

"I'm sorry," he said, picking Ryomoka up. "But none of us were sure which restroom to take her in…"

"None of you? How many people are with you?"

Great. Stalker yaoi fangirls.

There was a knock at the door. "Kaidoh, Ryomoka, come on!" Eiji's red head poked into the restroom.

Kaidoh had never been happier about the third year's blatant disregard for privacy.

"Cute!" they squealed again.

Once outside, Kaidoh almost immediately tried to merge into Inui's chest. "Fushuu…"

"OMG! There's NINE of them!"

"Yaoi fangirls?" Inui muttered, Kaidoh responding with a shudder.

"So what should we do?" Taka asked.

Ryomoka looked around, Eiji mimicking beside her, before both of them froze. "CANDY!"

"No," Oishi said immediately. "No, Eiji, no candy."

"Aw, Oishi, why not?"

"Because when you eat anything sugary, you get hyper."

Kaidoh was already across the street with Inui and Ryomoka, buying her a sucker.

"Nya, if Ryomoka can have some, why can't I?" Eiji whined. "She's only four! The sugar will affect her way more than me!"

Tezuka held back a snort. There may have been a thirteen year age difference, but maturity-wise, the two were pretty much on the same level.

Eiji nuzzled his boyfriend's neck, making Oishi sigh, torn between contentment and exasperation. "I suppose you can have a little…"

"Thank you, Oishi, nya!" The cat-boy pressed a quick kiss to Oishi's lips and bounced over to Kaidoh and Inui.

"I don't understand it," Tezuka said quietly to his vice-captain. "You and Fuji. Isn't it like having to look after a child?"

Fuji hooked an arm around Oishi's neck and stood on his toes to plant a kiss where Eiji's lips had just been. "Oishi-otou-san," he said, leading the startled boy away.

"Fu-Fuji?"

"We need to get them to stop fighting. May I suggest we play a little game with them?" The tensai's eyes sparkled mischievously.

"I-I don't know about this, Fuji." Oishi tugged at his shirt collar nervously.

"I told you, it's Syusuke!"

"R-right."

They reached a scowling Tezuka, and Fuji said abruptly, "Tezuka, I'm breaking up with you!"

"Ne, Eiji-nii," Ryomoka said as they crossed the street back to the others.

"Yeah, Ryomoka-chan?"

"Why is Syuu-nii hugging Oishi-nii like that? I thought Oishi-nii was your boyfriend!"

The three teenagers looked to Oishi and Fuji. The tensai was currently hugging the vice captain's arm and nuzzling it affectionately, occasionally kissing his cheek.

Eiji stomped over to the pair angrily, looking ready to throw a tantrum. "FUJIKO! What are you doing with MY Oishi, nya?"

"Um… Eiji… I'm… b-breaking up with you…" Oishi mumbled.

Eiji stood frozen to his spot, mouth hanging open in shock, his eyes filling with tears. Oishi immediately felt a pang of regret. He wanted to tell Eiji that he was sorry, that they just wanted to make them stop fighting. He wanted to reach out and pull Eiji into a protective embrace, kiss him, wipe away the tears. He wanted to tell Eiji he loved him, that he was 'his perfect uke match, nya'. But Fuji was attached to his arm, and there was no way he'd get away with it.

"Eiji-nii, what's wrong?" Ryomoka came up beside him and slipped her hand into his.

Without a word, Eiji took of down the strip mall at a full sprint. Teardrops dotted the ground where he had stood.

Oishi pulled Fuji a few feet away from the rest of the group. "Fuji, I don't think this is such a good idea anymore. I hate to see Eiji sad…"

"I'm not any happier about dumping my boyfriend, you know," Fuji said tersely. "But I see this as the easiest way to get them back on speaking terms. Don't worry, Oishi, Eiji's quick to forgive, and he's never been able to stay mad at you for very long."

Oishi frowned doubtfully. He wasn't sure how Tezuka could handle Fuji and his games.

"Momoshiro, Echizen," Tezuka said harshly. "Go find Kikumaru and bring him back here."

"Um… Buchou…" Momo started hesitantly, "maybe we should leave Eiji-sempai alone for a little while…"

"NOW!"

"Y-yes, Buchou!" The pair took off down the street after Eiji.

"N-ne, Buchou," Taka said. "I think they're right. Eiji needs some time to-"

"We're going back to the cabin. I'll go find Ryuzaki-sensei. You stay here with the lovebirds." Tezuka stormed off, rage blurring his vision. There was just. No. Way. Fuji would not end their three-year relationship, nor his six-year relationship with Kikumaru, for a whim. No, this was some sort of game, but Fuji was pushing it way too far.

Eiji had ducked into a pet shop a ways down the street. He'd gone straight to the kittens. That was where Momo and Ryoma found him a few minutes later, amongst kittens and a few of the teenaged interns who worked there.

"Eiji-sempai, Buchou says we're going back to the cabin now." Momo smiled tentatively.

Ryoma came into the shop and helped him collect their sempai. They met back up with the rest of the group and drove back to the cabin.

Ryomoka kicked Fuji in the shins when they reached the cabin for hurting her Eiji-nii. Currently, the two of them were cuddled up with Kaidoh, who had been dragged upstairs but the two of them as soon as they reached the cabin.

Eiji's head was buried in Kaidoh's shoulder. "I don't understand," he sobbed. Ryomoka patted his arm. "We've been together for five years! He told me he loved me and wanted to be with me forever! Why would he drop me for Fuji?"

"You know Fuji-sempai," Kaidoh said, trying to be soothing. "It's probably just one of his stupid pranks."

"But why would Oishi go along with it?"

Kaidoh shrugged. "Because Fuji-sempai would kill him otherwise?"

Eiji considered this for a moment, then shook his head. "You're sweet, Kaoru-chan, but don't get my hopes up. I just have to get over Oishi, find someone new." He lifted his head then, slowly, an uncharacteristically evil smile coming to his face. "And I know just who it should be."

In his own room, Tezuka sneezed.

It seemed that not just Ryomoka was mad at Oishi and Fuji. Everyone refused to speak to them; even Ryuzaki-sensei had given them a mean look before retiring to her bedroom.

"BUCHOU!"

Tezuka was so shocked by Eiji barging into his room-though, he reflected later, he really shouldn't have been-that he forgot to remove himself from Eiji's pounce path. A moment later he was pushed into a laying position on his bed, Eiji sitting on his torso.

"What are you doing in my room, Kikumaru?" Tezuka asked through gritted teeth.

"Well… I figured we could mope together, nya. After all, we're both hurting and angry, right?"

Tezuka nodded slowly. Denying it was pointless, no matter how much he would have liked to.

Eiji pulled a bottle of sake from behind his back. "Pity party!"

Three bottles of sake and an hour later, Eiji was purring as he kneaded Tezuka's chest, the captain's hands resting comfortably on Eiji's backside.

"Ne, Buchou," Eiji murmured, nuzzling Tezuka's neck, "what do you say we get back at Oishi and Fuji…?"

Tezuka's "I agree" was cut off as Eiji's lips met his.

"Tezuka! I'm just getting my things, Oishi and I are-Tezuka?"

Tezuka and Eiji looked up to see Fuji in the doorway, shock evident on his face. It was soon replaced with his usual smile. "Sorry to interrupt. I'm just getting my stuff. Have fun."

Eiji looked down sadly and cuddled against Tezuka's side. Tezuka drew the blankets around them.

On the other side of the door, Fuji shook with anger, a single tear slipping down his cheek.

As Oishi walked up to him, the tensai shoved him into the wall and kissed him roughly. "If you want to be the one to take Eiji's virginity, I suggest you go get him away from Tezuka."

Oishi blinked. "What?"

Fuji wiped away his tears impatiently. "Tezuka and Eiji are together. In there." He pointed to his bedroom door.

"Together as in…"

Fuji nodded.

"What exactly-"

"They're both fully dressed, but Tezuka looked quite content with his hands on Eiji's ass."

Oishi's eyes widened impossibly. He kicked open the door to find Eiji, his Eiji, snuggled against Tezuka.

"What the hell is going on?" he demanded angrily.

"Oishi!" Eiji squeaked, diving underneath the blanket.

Tezuka glared daggers at the vice-captain. "You gave up your rights as his boyfriend when you dumped him for mine."

Oishi gave the lump in the bed that was Eiji a desperate look. "Eiji… there's nothing going on between Fuji and me."

The top of the acrobat's head appeared, as well as two dark blue eyes.

"It was just one of Fuji's schemes… he wanted you two to stop fighting…"

The blankets were at Eiji's chin now. "Nya, why didn't you tell Fuji no?" he asked suspiciously.

"Well… it's Fuji. I figured it was go along with it or die." Oishi sat next to Eiji on the bed. "I'm really sorry, Eiji. I wanted to take it back as soon as I did it. I love you."

Eiji looked at him for a moment before launching himself into Oishi's arms. "You big DUMMY, Oishi!" he yelled at Oishi's chest, soaking the front of his shirt with tears.

"I'm so sorry, Eiji," Oishi said, holding the redhead close. "I really love you. More than anything."

"Then why can't we have sex?" Eiji whined.

Fuji's soft laugh reached their ears as the bed dipped. "Only you, Eiji," Fuji said from beside Tezuka. "He hasn't even asked you on a date yet and you're already jumping his bones."

"Nya, shut up, Fujiko!" Eiji pouted at the tensai.

Oishi shook his head and picked up Eiji before leaving the room. "Do you really want to, Eiji?"

Eiji nodded earnestly.

"But Eiji… you're upset with me… I just…" Oishi flushed. "I don't want you to look back and wish we'd waited."

Eiji sighed. Oishi, I'd never regret it, not with you."

"But it's supposed to be… special, and…"

"Tezuka and Fuji's first time was in the locker room."

"Well, still-wait. The locker room? Where?"

"Um-up against Tezuka's locker. What's it matter? The point is, it doesn't matter where we are or whatever, nya. Our first time will be super special because it's with each other."

Oishi blushed darkly. "You must think I'm a horrible seme," he whispered into the acrobat's ear. "I'm supposed to be reassuring you."

Eiji giggled, shaking his head.

"What's so funny?" Oishi asked, puzzled.

Eiji pointed over Oishi's shoulder, his other hand covering his mouth. Oishi turned to see Momo, Ryoma, Inui, and Ryomoka watching them through their cracked bedroom door.

Oishi flushed again.

Meanwhile, Tezuka and Fuji were still in the bedroom, Fuji getting the scolding of his life.

"You took this way too far, Fuji. There was no need to go to such lengths. Kikumaru was deeply hurt-"

"You were about to hurt him pretty deeply-"

"Stop that. What went on between Kikumaru and myself is frankly none of your business. The both of us, for all intents and purposes, were single."

"Oh, please. You knew what was going on, I know you."

"And you knew I'd know, so what was the point?"

"Well, you and Eiji are certainly back on friendly terms," the tensai said bitterly.

"Fuji, when you mess around with others' feelings, you have to be prepared for your own to get hurt. You can't let your guard down."

"Fine. But if you knew about this setup, why did you let Eiji climb all over you?"

"I did the same thing for you after Saeki, didn't I?" Tezuka glared down at his reinstated boyfriend, knowing what his reaction would be to this statement.

Fuji looked at him in shock for a minute, and then his eyes welled with tears. Tezuka sighed and pulled the petite brunette into his arms.

Inui and Ryomoka were crouching outside the door, Kaidoh standing nearby giving them disapproving looks.

"Ii data."

"You're a bad influence on her," Kaidoh reprimanded quietly, not wanting to alert Tezuka and Fuji to their presence. He knelt beside the four-year-old. "Ryomoka, it's not okay to listen in on other people's-wait. Did Buchou just say something about Saeki? Does he have a death wish?"

Inui smirked. "What were you saying about eavesdropping, Kaoru?"

"Shut up, Sempai."

Taka and Ryuzaki-sensei were sitting in the kitchen at the table, drinking tea.

"Kawamura," Ryuzaki began conversationally, "there's always a lot of drama going on with them, isn't there?"

"Yes, I suppose so."

"Why don't you give me headaches like the rest of them?"

"…I'm not sure. I can try harder. Maybe it's because I'm straight…?"

"That's possible. Doesn't it bother you, being the only straight one?"

"Not really."

"But all your best friends are gay. You can't talk to any of them about girls."

"Oh, I talk to Sakuno about girls."

"…What?"

"You didn't… know?"

"No. No, I didn't."

"Oh. Well. You-you do now."

"Has she… dated anyone?"

"…Tomoka, for a short while."

"But isn't she with Horio?"

"She's bi."

"Oh."

"Yeah."

He couldn't be sure, but Taka thought this was probably the most awkward conversation he'd ever had. Even more awkward than when Fuji'd told him about his and Tezuka's sex life.

But then again, Fuji did that a lot.

A/N: Um, yeah. Crack. I know, it was kinda like, "WTF?" but. Like we said, it's crack. Utter crack. How did you all like our random four-year-old OC? She's cute, ne? She seems cute at least, right? (We make this up as we go along, and I refuse to take anything big out after it's been put in, and she just kind of randomly popped in, and we love her.) And now we want to give you a little line from the next chapter (No, it is not typed. It is just awesome enough to remember!) "and there is Stuff dripping from me!"