That summer, Chris was doing admin in the back room one day at his beach steakhouse, as was his habit on a Sunday afternoon, when one of the waiters came to see him.

"There's someone here who says he knows you. His name's Dr. House."

"House? Crap." Chris was surprised. "I'll come and see him."

It had been some six months since he'd split up with Wilson. In that time, Chris had spent a month doing very little, taken a two month vacation with Linus out to Tunisia and Morocco, had his house redecorated again, and successfully completed one of the modules of his MBA. He'd had no contact with Wilson, and couldn't imagine what House was doing here. Chris finished checking invoices, and went out to the dining room.

House was there, wearing sunglasses, sitting at a table with a good view down to the beach. He'd apparently finished eating, as there was an empty plate on the table in front of him, and the check sat next to it on a small tray. He was on his own.

Chris went and sat next to him.

"Hey, House. Enjoy your lunch?"

"Steak could've been bloodier," House said, leaning back in his chair.

"I'll tell the chef," Chris said, his tone ironic. "What are you doing here?"

"Just driving by, thought I'd stop for lunch," House was breezy. He was also lying; Chris couldn't think of any reason why House would have taken an hour-long drive down to the coast. He'd made a special trip.

Chris hesitated, then asked, "Wilson not with you?"

"Naw," said House, and Chris was vaguely relieved. House looked at him through the sunglasses, and added, "He's on his honeymoon."

"He's what?" Chris thought he must have misheard.

"On his honeymoon. He got married last weekend. In Vegas." House paused, then continued, "I was his best man. For the third time. I think I should be in line for some sort of prize."

"House, you are so fucking with me." Chris knew House and his practical jokes.

In answer, House pulled out his cell phone, flipped it open, and scrolled through a number of photographs before finding the one he wanted. He handed the phone over to Chris. Chris looked at the picture. It showed Wilson and a small brunette woman smiling, brandishing rings, a pink altar and a beaming official in the background. The woman was wearing a party dress and a white headdress. Confetti was floating through the air around them.

"Julie?" Chris said tentatively. He'd never actually met of Wilson's friends apart from House, but he recognized the woman from another photo Wilson had in his apartment. Wilson had known her a while, helped her through a messy divorce.

"That's right," House confirmed.

Chris looked at the picture again, and said, suddenly angry, "You let him do this?"

"What am I, his keeper?" House said irritably.

Chris snapped the phone shut and handed it back to House. "Like you couldn't have stopped it if you wanted to. You think he'll keep away from people like me if he's safely married off to some poor ignorant woman? She can't possibly know what she's getting into."

"Nope," House agreed. "But you did, and it didn't stop you."

This comment momentarily stunned Chris.

House carried on, "Anyway, you give me too much credit. He wanted to marry her, for God's sake, like I could put that thought in his head. I thought she was just the rebound fuck, but no, he's gotta satisfy this craving for conformity and respectability. Again." House tipped his sunglasses up, his blue eyes fairly jumping out, and stared directly at Chris. "Sound like anyone else you used to know?"

"I was never Edward's best man," Chris struck back. "And you call Wilson the enabler, you crazy fucker."

"Oh, but he is." House shifted the glasses back down. "He certainly fed right off your pathetic grieving neediness."

Chris stood up, decisive. He'd never entirely put Edward behind him, never would; but he had put Wilson behind him, and there was no reason to play House's little games any more.

"'Bye, House," Chris said. "Don't forget to pay your check. You might keep on stealing Wilson's food from him, but you're sure as hell not stealing mine."

Chris walked away, and didn't look back.