
                                  True Love

                                       by

                                 Night Writer

 


                               I - The Dream

 
"Lie still Blair, and I won't hurt you."

She stands over you - she in her smart charcoal jacket and slacks, you
nearly naked, stretched out on your bed in black bra and panties,
wrists burning from the handcuffs fastened through the heavy headboard.

You can see in her green eyes that she's serious. A short riding crop
in her right hand guarantees it. She's partially undone her white
blouse, just enough to tease you with glimpses of her small, round
breasts tipped with pink nipples that reach out to you like tiny
fingers, rigid with the hope that you will misbehave, and she'll get to
use the crop on your smooth legs and belly.

So you stop struggling, pulling your bare thighs together and to the
side to avoid the crop, should it fall.  But you're still breathing
hard, eyes full of defiance, glaring at her for tricking you, for
breaking her promise to eat you.

She creeps onto the bed beside you, her face now so close to yours, her
short red hair hanging just low enough to brush the skin of your cheek.
You glance down her open blouse, wishing more than anything you could
suck one of her nipples between your lips and push against the hard
bead of flesh with the tip of your tongue.

"You must have wanted me very badly, Blair."

You think back, remembering how long you've lusted after her, the
weeks, then months that passed before you could muster the nerve
to even make a friendly advance. Then this. Working together later
than usual one night at the office, lights low, desks all vacant, the
windows of an adjacent office building sparkling like stars in the
night sky - she looked at you for a long time, reached out to stroke
your hair, then leaned close, her lips moving against your ear.

"You can have me if you want," she had whispered. "You don't even have
to ask."

You remember the flutter that touched your stomach, and how your legs
opened under your desk when she kissed you. And that's all it took. You
were hers.

Silly you. Ready to play any game she suggested, if only you could have
her naked body against yours. So willing, that you placed both wrists
in the cuffs yourself, letting her snap them shut with a knowing smile.
You were in heaven while she stripped you, raising your hips so she
could tug at your skirt and stockings, not even caring when she cut
your new silk blouse from your body.

"Talk to me, Blair. Tell me what you want."

You're surprised by her demand, not sure what to say. She taps your
belly with the crop, just hard enough to get your attention. It stings,
but causes a flood between your legs at the same time.

"P-please," you stammer.

"Please what, Blair? Please beat me? Please eat me? Please fuck me? I
didn't know you were such a girly girl. Afraid to ask for what you
want? I expected you to beg. What a disappointment."

The crop comes down harder, across your ass, a forceful, lashing blow,
and you cry out, twisting away from her.

"Ahh, she speaks! Perhaps another blow will make her sing."

"Nooo!" you reply at once, fearing a more painful strike. "I'll tell
you - I'll tell you - please, please, eat me, fuck me, please..." Your
eyes tear as you beg her for the sex you've wanted for so long. But not
like this. Not like this.

"Spread your legs, Blair. Open them."

You do. You spread them wide, knees slightly drawn up, panty-covered
mound already showing a dark stain from your juices. You pray she
doesn't use the crop there.

She touches the plump mound with the tip of the crop, drawing it down,
tracing the length of your slit as it yawns wider, now soaking the thin
wisp of black cotton. The crop returns again and again, now with a
firmer hand, teasing your clitoris until your hips rise to meet it with
each touch.

"I knew you'd be easy. Such a slut. And to think, little miss perfect,
the icon of professionalism, a true example of today's career woman,
here in handcuffs, begging me to do all these nasty things to her.
Admit it, Blair. You're a slut at heart. You've always been a slut."

She raises the crop again, this time only a few feet above your cunt.
It hovers in the air there, waiting, waiting, for your answer, the
right answer.

"Yes!" you scream. "I am! A slut! Your slut! Please - no more - I'm
begging you!"

She smiles with satisfaction and places the crop on the bed. Then,
she's pulling your panties off your hips, down your spread legs, and
over your toes. Next, with a quick snip of the scissors, your bra is
gone, freeing your large, meaty tits. She licks her lips as they spill
from the black lace, flattening only slightly, proud and firm with
angry red nipples.

You watch, trembling, as she lowers her face between your legs, then
moan with relief when her tongue dips into your cunt. But her eyes are
on you again. She stops. Your eyes meet hers, pleading to continue.
You're too breathless to speak.

"Shall I finish you?"

"P-please," you whimper. "Oh God, please."

"You'll be my slut?"

"Yessss!"

"No more panties at the office?"

"Yessss!" you agree, too excited to think about her demands.

"And no bra as well?"

"Yessss!"

"And you won't mind if I tell everyone we're lovers?"

"I - I don't care, don't care at all, please..."

"My sweet Blair, you were born a slut, weren't you? Now, beg me to
eat you."

You beg her over and over. You admit anything and everything. Yes, you
were born a slut, and you'll die a slut.

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes...

And when her tongue rolls perfectly over your clit, too many times for
you to count, long after you stop begging, you cum long and hard,
screaming her name into the night as your body thrashes and pulls at
the cuffs above your head.

And you know you are lost. Forever.

 

 
                                          ***

 


You're back at work the next day, sure she didn't mean what she said.
You wear both panties and bra, never thinking about the consequences.
Then she's behind you, running her hand over your ass, checking.

"You're a bad girl, Blair. You know what I do to bad girls."

You can't move. What if others should see her pawing you? Too afraid to
turn to face her, you reply softly, "I'm sorry. I didn't think..."

Her fingers trail between your legs from behind, making you squirm. She
pushes up against the wet spot already spreading over your tiny, white
cotton panties. You're afraid she'll go further, and afraid she'll
stop. So delicious, to be played with in public. You know you'll do
anything she asks.

"Take them off, Blair."

She couldn't possibly expect you to...

"No Blair, not here. Go to the ladies room. Take your purse. Your bra
and panties better be in it when you get back."

You don't move away until she stops fingering you. Then, without
question or hesitation, you do as she says. You feel so cheap as you
strip the panties and bra from beneath your slacks and blouse. You do
it quickly, before someone comes in, before someone discovers what 
you've become. Your small purse bulges after you stuff everything in.
A small piece of white bra strap escapes when you close the catch,
hanging off the side, unnoticed by you in your haste to finish before
you're found. Your nipples scrape the fabric of your blouse as you
hurry to leave. Glancing in the mirror, you see your tits bouncing as
you walk, hard points of your nipples straining against the sheer white
material that clearly shows two dark circles of your areola. The image
shocks you, and makes you wet at the same time. What will they think...

You hurry back to your office. She's there, of course. She tells you
how proud she is of you, how luscious you look to her, and how she'd
like to eat you, right then and there. But of course she doesn't. She
couldn't in front of all these people. Could she? You wonder if you'd
let her if she demanded it.

She pushes you into a corner where no one can see, works her hand down
the front of your slacks, and slides her middle finger into your
sopping pussy. You want her to keep it there, to take you in her arms
and masturbate you until you cum in your own office. Instead, she pulls
her hand free and offers the same finger to you, placing it lightly on
your lips. You open and suck. It's the first time you've tasted
yourself. But you'd do it again and again for her.

She leaves you, wet and wanting. She doesn't even speak to you, and
disappears without a word at the end of the day. You wonder if you've
displeased her in some way, but have no way of knowing. No sleep for
you this night. You toss and turn, anxious, troubled, and in heat for
her.

She's pleased the next day. Your slacks are light tan, and show clearly
that you're naked underneath them. You choose a silk top to keep your
nipples from aching, but hadn't counted on how the soft material would
collapse over your swaying breasts, showing them off in exquisite
detail.

You've earned a pet name.

"You look wonderful today, my little Pussy."

Pussy. You're insulted at first, but before long convince yourself it
fits. Like a glove.

At lunch, she closes your office door and fingers you again. You're
melting in her hands when she stops.

"You do it, Pussy. I want to watch. Do it till you cum."

You do your best to work your hand inside the narrow belt and
waistband, but soon give up and open the slacks, letting them slide to
your knees. Your fingers are soaked, plunging in and out of your cunt.

"Taste yourself, Pussy."

You bring your fingers to your mouth and lick them, one by one. She
watches, running her hand lightly over her meager breasts, breathing
deeply as she takes in the sight of you, the sight of a bright,
attractive woman slowly losing control of her life.

She takes a few steps toward you, now close enough to smell the musk
of your sex. The green of her eyes holds you with an unseen force,
powerful and paralyzing.

"Cum for me, Pussy. Show me how wet I've made you. Show me
everything."

You tug your panties over your hips and slide them to mid-thigh. The
soft, dark hair that covers your cunt is wet and matted. You plunge
your fingers into it again, desperate for your orgasm now that she's
given you permission. It doesn't take long. A minute, maybe less. She
sees your hips begin to thrust suddenly faster against your hand, knows
you've come to the edge, and covers your mouth with hers, muffling the
long, guttural moan that escapes from deep within your body. Leaning
into her, you finish yourself, savoring each precious second, holding
it, making it last until you're limp in her arms, panting like a bitch
in heat.

She's happy with you for a week, but then feels the need to dress you
in clothes of her choosing. She brings a large shopping bag to work one
day, full of your new clothes. And you wear them starting the next day
- clothes you would never have worn before - but for her, anything.
Tight, fitted blouses and sweaters with deeply cut V necks, showing off
your round, succulent breasts. Tiny, pleated skirts that barely fall to
your upper thighs, flaring to show your round ass every time you turn
too quickly. They can't keep their eyes off you in meetings. Even
trying your best to keep your legs tightly pressed together, sooner or
later you shift just enough to show a glimpse of the long, pink gash
between your legs, now shaved bare at her request. Men stare at you.
Women snicker behind your back when they think you aren't listening. A
week passes, then two.

Your boss calls you in for your annual review. He dismisses much of the
good work you've done. He stares at your tits. He tells you to work
harder. Longer hours. He's given your project to someone "more
appropriate." You struggle to hold back tears, forgetting to keep the
brief plaid skirt tucked between your thighs. He looks through the
glass desktop, down at your lap, where rounded inner thighs part to
reveal your cunt, freshly shaved this morning. He doesn't even pretend
to look away. After an hour, you've lost your office, and gained more
menial tasks - filing, copying...

By the time he's done with you, you wonder why you haven't been fired.
Then it comes to you. He's a man, just like all the others, just
waiting for the chance to stick his cock in you. You're an office pet
now. A curiosity, more suited to organizing office parties than to the
position that you worked so hard for, for so long.

But then she comes up behind you again, lifting the narrow pleats that
barely cover your ass, trailing her fingers deep into the space between
your thighs. Whispering, purring, in a voice meant only for you.

"Good Pussy. Sexy, hot, girly girl Pussy. You really do look good
enough to eat. And I am very, very hungry. I think I'll take you home
tonight."

 And you start to cry. Not for your project. Not for your office. Not
even for your life. You cry because she loves you. You're absolutely
sure of it.

 
 

                                    ***

 
 

Her apartment's spacious - tasteful, clean lines of glass and
gray. Not like yours - fluffy white pillows and fancy French doors.
She pours you a drink, white wine in a tall slender glass, then goes
to change. Modestly sized Rodin replicas dot the perimeter of the room,
each at rest on its own simple black pedestal - cold, white,
flesh-from-stone women with faces hidden, lying twisted into shapes
that flaunt their bodies in the most sensual ways. You're drawn to one
of them, a voluptuous female form lying with legs curled under her,
face nearly obscured by a river of flowing hair. You trace the lines of
her sinuous back and rounded ass with a single outstretched finger,
and worry that you may not be worthy of her collection.

She's back in minutes, wearing nothing beneath an oversized white
shirt, fastened at the front by a single button. Now she's all red
hair, green eyes, and full, wide lips atop two long, finely chiseled
legs that move so gracefully under her. You stare at her, not believing
she can be so beautiful, catching glimpses of the neatly trimmed patch
of red where the shirt-tails part.

She's as at home in the kitchen as she is at work, confidently wielding
a large knife to turn raw, fresh tuna into thin slivers of flesh, so
sweet in your mouth you would have never known it was taken from the
sea. You feast, until the wine has you both giddy. Between fits of
laughter she says your name. Then, in a careless, unguarded moment,
you tell her you love her.

She's still laughing a little when you tell her. She's unfazed, still
giggling, allowing a trickle of wine to escape down her chin. She
catches it in the palm of her hand, then feeds it to you off her
fingers.

"Come to bed, Pussy. We haven't had desert."

It takes her only seconds to strip you. The little skirt falls to the
floor, the sweater slips so easily over your head. She opens the only
button and the shirt slides off her shoulders. Her mouth is on you at
once, quick kisses over your neck, lashing your nipples and breasts
with her tongue, nibbling at your belly with gentle bites.

Then you're on her bed. She ties a long scarf around your neck, now
both collar and leash. Her hands guide you, turning you onto your
stomach, lifting your ass until you're on your hands and knees. A sharp
tug on the scarf and you turn your head back to look at her. She's
there behind you, eyes glittering. Thin, delicate shoulders and bare,
upturned breasts cause your pulse to quicken, your cunt to swell and
open.

She retrieves it from a drawer at the side of the bed, so long and
thick that you gasp when you understand. She fastens the straps about
her waist. It wobbles slightly, stiff, black, and glistening with
slippery jelly applied with the loving care you hope she shows you as
well. Taking her position behind you, she pulls your fleshy ass cheeks
apart, fingering the deep crevice lightly with a touch that drives you
mad. You feel her pulling at your inner lips, running their length over
and over, then cradling your swollen clit between thumb and forefinger.
At that moment you feel it breech you, stretching you where you've
never been entered before. It burns, until you learn to let it have its
way with you. Even then, as it fills you, inch by inch, you can barely
breathe. It's so large, a monstrous invader, filling you to depths you
could never have imagined. And when you cry out, begging her to stop,
she rolls your clit with fingers so skilled, everything else is
forgotten.

Eventually its careful entry and slow retreat increase in pace, until
she's plunging into you, pounding against you with her hips, shaking
your quivering body with savage thrusts. You grunt each time her hips
slam against your ass. Never have pain and pleasure held you so tightly
at the same time. Surrendering yourself so completely would be
terrifying, had it been to anyone but her.

The scarf tightens around your neck, and you raise your head in
surprise, suddenly struggling to get your breath. It pulls harder with
each violent lunge, choking you, causing you to gasp for each precious
ration of air.

"Do you love me, Pussy? Do you love me now?"

Her words are laced with sarcasm, almost vicious.

She pulls harder still, enough to keep your head back, your neck
strained to the limit. You're crying, never more unsure of yourself,
never more terrified, never more excited. She sees your tears and bends
over you, the nipples of her breasts now pressed into your back, her
free hand moving down your belly, finally making its way between your
legs. Even though impaled on the full length of the heavy phallus, you
breathe easier as you feel the welcome slack in the scarf. She finds
your clit and takes it between her fingers, milking it slowly, careful
to make you wait.

"How much do you love me, Pussy? What would you sacrifice to be with
me?"

Her voice becomes more threatening, the words uttered between clenched
teeth as she tightens the scarf once again, choking you, keeping you
from answering even if you had the answer she wanted.

"I want everything, Pussy. Everything you have, everything you are, and
everything you will ever be. Give me all that, Pussy. Give it to me.
Give it to me now. Give it to me now! Give it to me! Now! Now! Now,
Pussy! Now!"

She's shrieking at you, pulling the scarf tightly enough to stop you
from taking even the smallest breath. Pressing the rubber cock deep
into your bowels, she works your clit furiously between her slim
fingers. You slide over the edge, feeling your body twist into violent
spasms. Your cunt gushes, and you give up everything as a tunnel of
black closes in around you and swallows you whole.

 

 

                                    ***

 

 

You wake in your own bed before the alarm sounds, legs tangled in damp,
wrinkled sheets.  Stretching, then throwing bare legs over the side of
the bed and yawning, as you do most mornings, you remember almost
nothing of your dreams.

The shower feels especially good this morning. You've made it as hot as
you can stand, and it brings your body to life. You choose your face
for the day - lipstick, mascara, all from a collection that litters the
counter top on each side of the sink. You choose carefully. It's an
important day. You'll pitch your project to the new client, and
everything has to be perfect. Then, after, a promotion, another step up
the corporate ladder, one you've worked so long and hard for. You've
put your work before relationships, and having a family of your own.
You never seemed to have the time. You know they call you ruthless,
driven, and words much worse. But who's laughing now? You've made your
plan, and unlike most, have had the brains and guts to see it through.

In the mirror, you try to see what your client will see. The navy
power-suit is the perfect choice, bought for the occasion. The smart,
tailored lines of the jacket and slacks show you off to the best
possible advantage - conservative enough to keep their minds on
business, yet showing enough curves to remind them that a woman's
hand has crafted a part of their future. Dark hair cascades over your
shoulders in thick, generous waves, cut and styled to perfection. A
few final touches of makeup and you're ready.

You find yourself staring at your reflection, held there in front of
the mirror. Something nags at you, something not quite right. You
open the jacket and run your hands slowly over the pristine white
blouse. Your hands pause over the fullness of each breast, then cup
them gently, unconsciously, as your eyes stay fixed on the mirror.
The minutes that pass seem like seconds to you when you button
the jacket to leave.

There's just time for a light breakfast and a quick review of your
notes, sorted between pages of legal documents, each with the
familiar signature in clean, round script. She'll be there today, the
uptown attorney with hair the color of fire, and wide, emerald eyes.
You decide that today's the day to make a casual gesture of
friendship, something you've put off far too long. Perhaps you'll
offer to buy her lunch, to celebrate the occasion. After all, you'll
be working closely together once your plan is a success.

You drive the hour's drive to work buoyed with confidence, as the
project folder lies carelessly forgotten on the kitchen table. You
smile as your thoughts turn to her, a new friend perhaps, and a
valuable one at that. You'll start with small-talk, then perhaps a
light touch with just a hint of intimacy. Such a small thing, really.
Why hadn't you done it long ago?

You think about how perfect your life is, and how you've made the
right decisions at every turn. And you marvel at how even the most
insignificant events, manipulated wisely and carefully to your own
advantage, have such power to change your life. Forever.



 