"Master, I know a spell that allows instant recovery after ejaculation so you can go again," she offered.
"Spirits know I would like to until I dried up and died, but I have too many things needing my attention." Damon sat down on a divan and the spirit followed, sitting beside him and leisurely stroking his flesh. Damon asked, "What is your name? Not your true name, but a nickname, something you like to be called?
"Old Master called this form Ginger," she said.
"Of course he did," Damon said. "Do you like being called Ginger?"
"I never considered it," she said. "Do you not like it?"
"It is sort of a generic term for red heads, or a general nickname for them. I can call -" Damon realized she said 'this form' and asked, "What other forms can you materialize in?"
She disappeared from sight, but Damon continued to feel her touch. "I can be an invisible man," the disembodied voice said, and Spector began to feel a bit uncomfortable associating the stroking with the deeper voice. "I can appear as a male elf," and a naked, very well endowed, black, male elf was now laying sprawled beside Spector on the suddenly diminutive couch and intimately touching him.
Spector rose, putting some distance between them and upon looking back toward the spirit noticed a neatly folded pile of clothing beside it.
"Is master homophobic?" it asked in a deep, definitely male voice.
"If homophobic means not being sexually attracted to your current form or having any wish to be penetrated by that monster between your legs, then I'm homophobic," Spector said as his eyes were drawn to the massive phallus. Damon shook his head to break the hypnotic hold it had on his vision. "That thing looks troll sized," he trailed off.
The elf magician from Harry's, the former master of the ally appeared, wearing a tailored suit. The folded clothes disappeared. "Old master had me look like him, too."
Relieved at the change of form, Damon said, "I think that is the one to use when company is around or in public. Is the invisible one nude, too?"
"Yes, Master," the ally said. "In the last couple of days since I was freed, I acquired the ability to materialize as any type metahuman. I am still trying to learn to have those forms appear wearing clothes, Master. I feel like I can disguise my aura, if Master wants to check. And I think I can unravel spells if Master wants to test? Something instinctual is telling me I can hide my life form in something to make it harder to kill me. And I can try to enter this plane inside a living body if it lets me or if I subdue it on the astral plane."
"I noticed a bundle of clothes when you first appeared," Damon said but when he glanced to where they were, they were no longer visible. "Were they part of your Ginger form?"
"Yes, Master. Old Master liked not having to undress me, but he also wanted coverings available for times they were required." She asked, "Will you be calling me Ginger from now on?"
"Only if you want me to," Damon said. "Why don't you think about it and let me know what you want to be called."
"Thank you so much, Master!" The spirit asked, "Are you sure I can't use the spell to make you hard again to show my appreciation?"
It was disconcerting hearing it come from the spirit while in the form duplicating the elven mage. "As nice as that would be," Damon said, "I think I'd like to recover on my own and learn what things you can do. What other spells do you know?"
"I have one that makes people orgasm, either singly or a group. I have the one I mentioned that makes you ready to have sex," he said.
" If you are going to keep mentioning sex, would you mind returning to your Ginger form?"
The change was almost instantaneous.
"And would you mind putting on the coverings," Damon asked. "It is a bit distracting having your naked beauty on full display."
"Master finds me appealing?" she asked as she went about putting on the bundled clothing.
"Very appealing," Damon said.
"I was beginning to wonder," she said, "since you didn't want a second go then asked me to cover myself. I wondered if you were attracted to men, after all the anal play. Which is one reason I just took the other forms instead of merely telling you what they were."
"One reason?" Damon asked, "were there other reasons?"
"Demonstrating was quicker and more illustrative than telling," she said as Damon watched her get dressed.
He was sure she knew he was watching and was putting on a sexy show, as in the way she pointed her derriere at him as she bent from the waist to pick up each article of clothing. Or the way she bounced when she made sure to turn around to face him and pulled on the skin tight, faded jeans with holes in the knees. Damon surmised they came with the holes, but he was also confident if they hadn't been created with the holes, she would have earned them the old fashioned way - on her knees.
"Why not continue with the spells you know," Damon said, "unless you were finished."
"I have one that can change a person's sex. I have one that heals wounds. I have one that makes it harder for others to hurt you, old master called it Armor, and I have one that creates a barrier. I can turn people into animals or even other types of people, or animals into people."
 _Shapechange_ Damon thought.
"And I can levitate things, or make things move like they were alive, and one can bind things. I have the ability where Master can experience the world through my senses."
"That's quite the collection of spells," Damon said. "Did your old master give you the karma to learn all of them?"
"Old master let me keep a small part of the cred I earned from pleasuring people," she said. "Then old master helped me find people willing to trade me their karma for some cred. And there was a time or two when I got karma for pleasuring people and once I got karma for helping someone with my magic."
"You sound like quite the industrious little spirit," Damon said.
"Well..." she said as she made a show of exhibiting her breasts as she got into a white, long sleeved, dress shirt, "I have no need to sleep, and Old Master left me to my own devices when he didn't require my presence as long as I stayed out of trouble. I really like having sex with you humans. You are so interesting, especially when you are desiring sex. It is why I chose to remain on this plane when I went free."
Damon considered his next words and what he would do based on her answer. "Do you resent not being free? Or me for binding you?" _Enslaving you_ Damon thought.
As she tied off the lower part of the shirt she contemplated his question, then answered. "No, not really. I wasn't free for long, and I didn't do that much more than I did when I had a master. I do not resent you. At least not yet." Damon showed signs of relief. "Besides, I am immortal and you will die of old age in relatively no time. And there is always the possibility you will die sooner, before old age gets you."
"Great," Damon said, "remember your standing orders. You remember, the ones regarding hastening my death?"
"Oh, Master," she said, "I did not mean to imply I looked forward to your demise. You seem to be a good enough master. You are letting me choose my own name. Although you were mean in not accepting my offer of seconds."
"Ah...Well," Damon hesitantly said, "you will have to refrain from doing that again without asking. In fact, you will not mention what happened to anyone else or in the company of anyone else. Or earshot of anyone else." Damon thought and added, "or anytime there is the least possibility anyone may hear. In fact, you may only refer to it to me mentally.
"Now on to a few other things I was going to let you know before you started the sexual advances. I was going to let you know I have no intention of keeping you bound forever," Damon thought about what she had recently said and added, "or even for the remainder of my life. I was going to make a promise for a set term. But now I know you do not resent being bound too much, I think I'll put it at no more than ... five years. Unless you find you really want freed or want it to continue, then we will see. I was also going to make an offer of trying to get you a definite minimum amount of karma every week, but it looks like you may have that part covered, so I'll not keep you from it any more than needed."
"Oh, thank you, Master. This sounds like a splendid arrangement and I won't have to worry about a cruel master binding me. Although you denying me a second go was somewhat cruel," she said and flung her arms around him in an embrace.
Damon let the hug go on an acceptable amount of time, then broke the embrace, reached down, picked up the Fedora and put it on her head at a bit of an angle. He said, "We can look into the new abilities you picked up when you went free and see if it is normal for spirits who go free to do those things and how they work. How about we test your aura masking ability? Try and mask your aura to match your old master." Under Damon's astral gaze, the spirit adjusted its aura to a facsimile of the aura he remembered of the elf magician from the night at Harry's. Seeing what seemed to be the elf when astrally examined gave Spector another line of ideas and instead of completing the long mental list of things he needed to do in the very near future, he just added several more items to it.
"I need to get a lot of things done as soon as possible," Damon said "I can use your assistance with a few of them and a few will definitely require your participation. Like I would like to bind the elementals who went free the same night you went free. If they attack me, I'd like you to help defend me."
"Yes, Master."