Filename: Haremd2.txt
Title: Harem'd
Part: 2 of 3
Author: Knickers
Universe: Nicola Adventures
Keywords: M+F, exhib, interr, reluc, spank, humil, Mdom, bd, mc?
Summary: Nicola and Angela are kidnapped by an African prince and whisked away to join his harem.


Disclaimer: The following story contains 
sex scenes and rude words. It's fairly 
tame, and I'm pretty broad-minded, but the 
decency laws in most states would require 
it not be read by persons under 18. Also, 
if you're offended by adult themes, you 
should probably leave now. 

More importantly, this tale features women 
presented as sexual objects. There is 
nothing wrong with this as they are only 
fictional characters. I urge readers, 
especially young males, to not regard real 
women in this way.

This work is  2003 the author. Permission 
is granted to freely distribute, provided 
it is not altered in any way. It may not be 
posted to any website or included in any 
archive without the author's permission.

There is no Nicola. All characters are 
fictitious. The situations are made-up. 
This is only a fantasy, and any similarity 
to real persons, events & institutions is 
pure coincidence.

The "Nicola Adventures" are a series of 
erotic stories about an Australian model-
turned-actress who travels to Hollywood to 
find stardom.

Author's note: This is the 20th and final 
Nicola Adventure. It isn't necessary to 
read all the previous stories to follow 
this one, but it wouldn't hurt. Visit the 
website http://www.asstr.org/~knickers . As 
well as all the episodes, you'll find 
author's notes, reader feedback, and movie 
reviews.

Harem'd (M+F exhib interr reluc spank humil
Mdom bd mc?) [Part 2/3]

(Continued from Part 1)

Dawn rolled beautifully, majestically 
across the African landscape. Brilliant 
sunlight lanced through the open windows of 
the palace, falling across the naked, 
dozing body of a certain little starlet.

From somewhere in the palace came the 
distant sound of music- strange, Arabesque 
music with singing in a foreign tongue.

Nicola opened her eyes and for a moment 
wondered if she hadn't woken into a dream. 
Then it came back to her: the day before, 
being kidnapped by Akumba, examined by 
Pumbo, her ordeal at the hands of Prince 
Seseke and finally her 'pampering' at the 
hands of Princess Amaria.

There was no sign of her now, Nicola was 
alone in bed. The only trace of their 
liaison was the snail trail all over 
Nicola's cover-girl face.

She and Angela had been missing for a day 
now, how long before they were missed? 
Surely it wouldn't be too long, they were 
both in demand for acting and modeling 
assignments. But would a search party come 
for them, all the way from North Africa 
down the coast to Malabunga?

It looked like for the foreseeable future, 
Nicola would have to get used to being a 
slavegirl.

She got up from the bed and padded barefoot 
across the room. Hardly surprisingly, there 
were no clothes for her to wear, not even 
the cute little slavegirl outfit they had 
provided for her yesterday. Never mind, 
after yesterday Nicola doubted there was 
anyone left in the palace who hadn't seen 
her bare ass.

There were two doors out of the bedchamber. 
The first one Nicola tried was locked from 
the other side. The other opened with a 
satisfying click, opening into a darkened 
corridor. 

Nicola tiptoed down that and found herself 
standing before another door. She had the 
sense to put her ear to it and listened 
first.

The sounds of women, laughing, splashing.

Nicola opened the door and found to her 
chagrin that her bid for freedom had only 
led her to the bathroom.

It looked like the same bathroom she and 
Angela had been taken to yesterday. It was 
dominated by a huge simmering tub, big 
enough to hold several football teams 
should the girls ever throw an orgy. For 
now it was only occupied by a couple of the 
slavegirls. At one end Charlotte and 
Isabella splashed about and giggled in what 
might've been either mucking around or 
foreplay. At the end closest to Nicola, 
luxuriating in the warm water, was her 
long-time rival and now companion-in-
slavery, Angela. She was lying back, her eyes 
closed and her modest boobs pushed high 
toward the mirrored ceiling, a look of 
utter contentment on her face.

Nicola slipped into the water next to her, 
surrendering her luscious body to the 
soothing waters. "Angela!" she hissed.

The bitchy beauty opened her eyes. "Oh 
hello, Knickers. I'm glad you're awake. I 
wanted to talk to you."

Nicola barely contained her surprise at 
this uncharacteristically warm greeting 
from Angela. "I wanted to talk to you too. 
We need to..."

"You have to tell me about last night," 
Angela cut her off. "The Prince. You were 
with him, you have to tell me what he- what 
*It* was like!"

Her eyes shone bright, just as they had 
done yesterday in the throne room, the 
moment Angela had caught sight of Prince 
Seseke's dick. Nicola stared at her in 
utter disbelief. Angela Monroe, bitch queen 
of Hollywood, had fallen hopelessly in love 
with that awful man's cock!

Well, thought Nicola, the first step in 
getting out of here had to be getting 
Angela back to her arrogant, conceited 
self.

"Angela," she said, "I'm so glad you're 
here to share this with me. I was a little 
anxious about the thought of spending the 
rest of my life as a slavegirl, but if you 
can do it so can I."

"Sure," she said with a warm smile. (Had 
Angela ever smiled warmly??? This was 
serious!)

Nicola put her arm around Angela's 
shoulder, drawing her close against her 
naked body. "Here we are, the two of us, 
former adversaries now sisters in the 
harem."

Angela's smile faltered slightly but she 
recovered. "Yes, sisters."

"Putting our old Hollywood lives behind 
us," Nicola continued. "Just imagine, right 
now some lesser actress is landing a role 
that really should've gone to you."

Angela's face twitched. Nicola knew she was 
on to something here.

"Some big-boob bimbo with all her talent in 
her chest. But I bet she'd trade everything 
to be where you are now." She glanced over 
at Angela who seemed deep in thought. 
Nicola went in for the kill. She brought 
her luscious lips close to Angela's ear and 
whispered:

"No more having to go on modeling 
assignments, or being in movies, or 
hobnobbing with the glitterati. Just 
sitting around waiting on some guy's 
cock... for the rest of your life."

"Fuck!" snapped the raven-haired beauty. 
She leapt out of the bath, her lean naked 
body glistening. "Fuck fuck fuck!" she 
squealed, jumping up and down in barely 
suppressed rage.

Nicola smirked. "So you've changed your 
mind about being a slavegirl?"

A savage frown crossed her pretty face. 
"Screw this! I've got a career to get back 
to."

"Well, it's time we start thinking how to 
get out of this place and back home to 
Hollywood."

Before the two starlets could put their 
heads together, Susan strode into the 
lavish bathroom followed closely by the 
other girls. 

"Attention, please, everyone!" she called 
in her clipped English accent, clapping her 
hands loudly. 

The girls hushed instantly and gathered 
around Susan. Nicola and Angela joined 
them.

"I've got some good news and some bad 
news," she announced. "First, the bad news. 
Their Highnesses, the Prince and Princess, 
will be gone for a few days on a 
conference."

A groan of disappointment arose from the 
assembled slavegirls. Nicola glanced around 
at their crestfallen faces, more than a 
little glad she wasn't one of their number. 
Marie seemed particularly devastated. "'Ow 
can I go wiz out ze big black cock?"

"Gimme a break," murmured Angela and rolled 
her eyes. Nicola thought with some 
satisfaction that if it weren't for her, 
Angela would be agreeing with the little 
French cutie-pie.

"Now for the good news," said Susan with a 
glean in her eyes that suggested she was 
just busting to tell them. She gave a 
naughty smile. "While they are gone, His 
Highness has suggested this might be a good 
time to hold this year's Miss Malabunga 
contest."

The reaction from the girls was astounding. 
One moment they were moping around, 
heartbroken, the next they were literally 
jumping around and squealing with glee.

"Miss Malabunga? But none of us are native 
Malabunganese." Angela pointed out.

"It's not... an official title," replied 
Susan. The others giggled, and Nicola got 
the feeling they were planning on having 
some fun at the new girl's expense.

"It's a special beauty contest," explained 
Isabella. "Only white girls participate."

Their attempts to get more information on 
the contest were only met with schoolgirl 
titters.

"Come on Knickers," said Angela. "It's only 
a beauty contest. We might as well stick 
around, it could be fun."

"But there's something fishy going on!" 
Nicola insisted, her pretty brow knotted 
anxiously. "What kind of beauty contest 
would go on in a place like this?" She well 
remembered the last 'beauty contest' she'd 
taken part in.

"Oh, come on," scoffed Angela. She crossed 
her arms across her petite chest and threw 
Nicola a haughty smirk. "Wassa matter, 
scared I'll beat you?"

Nicola rolled her eyes. Angela and her damn 
competitive streak! Still, she guessed it 
wouldn't matter too much if they waited 
around a few days before they made their 
bid for freedom.

**********

The enthusiasm of the harem girls was high, 
and they all disappeared to their various 
apartments in high spirits. Even Angela was 
looking forward to it.

Their eagerness made Nicola think. They'd 
all been brainwashed to worship Prince 
Seseke's dick. This contest (apparently) 
had nothing to do with Malabunga's ruling 
organ. So, why the excitement?

The girls, even Susan, were in no mood to 
tell, so Nicola would just have to wait and 
see. She had the strangest feeling it 
wasn't going to be terribly pleasant.

So, what does a slavegirl wear to a beauty 
pageant? Clothing had, of late, become 
rather problematic. Or rather, not. Apart 
from the outfit she had been given (and 
subsequently lost when Seseke's guards had 
stripped her), Nicola had literally nothing 
to wear. No-one seemed to mind her 
traipsing around the harem stark naked.

Therefore, she spent the rest of the day 
worrying.

The day of the contest dawned and Nicola 
was still none the wiser. However, when she 
got out of bed she discovered someone had 
left her a small present: sitting on her 
dresser was a little blue bikini. 

She slipped it on and admired herself in 
her bedroom mirror. It was the sort of very 
flattering swimsuit that she normally wore, 
either in one of her movies, on a 
photoshoot, or when just lounging around 
the house.

Nicola's spectacular 38-inch boobs 
threatened to pop out of the tiny top. The 
cups were designed to only cover the bottom 
half of her breasts, with the effect of 
putting the top swell of bosom enchantingly 
on display. As Nicola posed for herself, 
turning to admire herself from all angles, 
her boobs would bob and sway alarmingly, 
drawing the viewers attention to them.

The bottoms were just a slip of a g-string, 
custom designed to showcase Nicola's 
stunning ass. Being a professional model 
for many years, Nicola had always kept 
herself in the peak of physical condition 
and when she put on revealing outfits like 
this, it showed. 

The final effect of the bikini was to leave 
her practically naked but still covered 
within the bounds of decency, offering 
onlookers tantalizing glimpses of the 
treasures that lay just beneath that scanty 
little bathing suit.

The final touch was a pair of white pumps. 
Nicola slipped her dainty feet into those 
awfully-expensive shoes and then went in 
search of her fellow harem girls.

Her heels tapping across the palace's 
marble floors, Nicola followed the sound of 
giggling until she found them.

The girls were all assembled in a dressing 
room attached to something called "The Hall 
of Heroes" (at least, that's what the 
plaque on the door read). Nicola gaped in 
surprise at her fellow slavegirls: they 
were all dressed identically in the same 
little blue bikini. Of course, they weren't 
all built like Nicola. Angela and Isabella 
were tall, slim and had petite chests. 
Charlotte, on the other hand, was a little 
shorter and her enormous tits put quite a 
strain on her hapless bikini top.

As she entered all the girls were chatting 
away excitedly to each other, obviously 
looking forward to the show they were about 
to put on.

"Knickers!" hissed Angela. "Where have you 
been? Trying to shoe-horn those udders into 
that bikini? Never mind, you're finally 
here. You talk to these cock-crazed bimbos, 
try and get some answers out of them."

Nicola turned to her fellow harem girls. 
They were all staring at her, smirking. 
Marie raised her hand to her mouth and 
murmured something to Isabella and they 
both started giggling again.

This gave Nicola a sinking feeling in her 
tummy. She was in for something bad, she 
knew it!

"Susan," she pleaded, "we need to know. 
What's this 'Miss Malabunga' all about?"

"Well..." the English rose replied, "it's 
sort of an annual tradition here in the 
palace. A little treat for the Prince's 
personal bodyguard."

"Bodyguard?" chipped in Angela. "What, are 
they the audience or something?"

"They're the audience all right," Charlotte 
replied. "Judges too."

"And," chimed in the adorable Isabella, 
"they award the prize." This last remark 
was delivered with a very broad grin.

"Prize? What prize?" asked Nicola. "What 
does the winner get?"

The slavegirls exchanged knowing glances. 
"Everything!" cried Susan and they all 
burst out laughing.

Just then the door into the dressing room 
swung open and in sauntered the officious 
Pumbo. The girls all stopped laughing and 
snapped to attention like half-naked 
soldiers. Nicola and Angela followed suit 
with less military precision. 

The pompous little Negro scowled at the 
collection of captured white girls. "The 
contest is about to start! This is very 
important for the morale of His Highness's 
royal guard. What is all this noise?" He 
carried a wicked short riding crop-style 
whip, which he flicked viciously at them.

The girls all looked crestfallen. "I'm 
sorry, Master Pumbo," said Susan, shuffling 
her feet nervously. "We were... we were 
having a little fun at the expensive of the 
new girls."

Pumbo turned to look at Nicola and Angela 
and broke into a broad grin. "So... 
American, Australian, you have not been 
told of the details of our little beauty 
contest, have you?"

"No, sir," said Nicola warily.

"Well, you're in for a treat... especially 
if one of you gets voted Miss Malabunga!" 
Pumbo started laughing, his fat body 
rippling.

"But- but we don't even know what we're 
supposed to do!" wailed Nicola, despairing 
she'd ever know what was going on until it 
was too late.

Pumbo sighed. "It's very simple, my pretty 
little bimbo. I will MC the show. When you 
hear your names called come out onto the 
stage. Do your little turn, then go and 
stand next to the other girls. Then we 
vote, and crown one of you Miss Malabunga."

"That's it?" asked Angela.

"That's it" Pumbo smirked, and the girls 
let out a snigger.

"Come!" he cried. "The heroes of Malabunga 
await, and they demand their entertainment. 
And entertain them you will, or else!" This 
inspiring little speech was punctuated with 
a sizzle of the whip through the air.

Pumbo waddled past the slavegirls, up a 
short flight of steps and through a door. A 
moment later Nicola heard a drunken roar 
that sounded like several dozen men 
cheering at once. The girls clustered at 
the bottom of the stairwell, listening. 
Pumbo was launching into his spiel, but as 
it was all in Malabunganese Nicola couldn't 
understand it. Every so often Pumbo's voice 
would rise in pitch and beo