A Valentine's day present 
by JSR


This happened last year. My wife and I have been married several years, and have a good sex life, and 2 children. 

My wife is 5 ft 7 in tall, 36E breasts (she complains when I call them tits), 27 Waist and 33 hips. She has a beautiful face. Since I first met her she has dressed in very conservative clothing, and nothing have said has been able to get her to dress more provocative. She is no prude. I have desktop strippers running on my computer most of the time. Now and then when she goes by, she will comment on the attire, and the routine that the current stripper is doing. She ask, if there were male strippers for the desktop, and I did a search. I found several programs, and downloaded one to her laptop. She said that it was better than going to a show, because she could see without others getting in front of her to block her view. She has it running almost all the time.

In January of last year, my friend Tom was over and we were watching the strippers on my computer, when my wife walked by and commented on the routine. Tom then said to her, you have a better figure than any of those girls, why do you hide it. She ask him how he knew what her figure looked like, and he said, I have seen you in a bathing suit. You are a knockout, you should let others enjoy seeing your figure. I kind of chuckled to myself, knowing that she would just ignore what he said.

Nothing else was said, and the incident was forgotten (by me). Then in February, she said, why don't you get tickets to the Valentine's dance at the club? This was not to unusual, as she liked to dance, so I said sure, I will get them. Then she said get two extra, for Tom and his wife. Now this was unusual, and I ask why? She said it would be fun to have them with us, as they are both good dancers. I agreed that I would buy the tickets.

I told Tom that I had gotten tickets for the dance, for the four of us. He said now I know why Silvia is so hep on getting a new outfit. She and my wife were checking all the catalogs, and the adds in the paper, looking for something new to wear. I knew that my wife would be getting something very conservative, and the Silvia would be a little more risque. Silvia, was not a show off, but she tended to be more so than my wife.

I never thought any more about it, until about the first of February, when she said that she still did not have a dress for the dance. I told her that time was getting short, and she should consider something more in the vein that other women might wear. She sighed and said maybe you are right, but I still have something in mind and want to find something at least close to it.

The next day, she and Silvia, went shopping again. When they came home they were both bubbling about the great dresses that they had bought. Again, I just said thats nice, I hope it did not cost to much.

On Valentines day, she said that she was going to Tom and Silvia's to get dressed, she did not want me to see her in her new dress, until we got to the dance. This was very strange behavior for her, but I said I will be there to pick all of you up, about a half hour before the dance starts. Tom only lived a short distance from the club.

When I arrived at Tom's house, both my wife and Silvia had on rain coats, and I ask why? Silvia said that she heard that it was suppose to rain later in the evening and that they did not want to get their new dresses wet. I looked at Tom, and he just shrugged his shoulders and said the forecast that I seen did not mention rain. I said I havent heard of any rain either. The girls just shook their heads and said we are not going to take the chance, lets go.

We loaded into our vehicle, and I drove the short distance to the club. There were already a few people there. We found a table near the dance floor, and the girls took off their rain coats, and sat down. Now most women will not dress the same as another, they all try to look different than any others, but in this case both of the girls had on identical outfits. 

They had on 3 in heels, black stockings, and very short skirts. I noticed as they sat down that neither one was wearing panties. Their skirts were cream color, and must have been about an inch below their pussies. Their top's were red, and completely see through, and skin tight with out any bra. The effect was that their tits were pushed into their chests, and their nipples were stretching the fabric, and protruding about half an inch. With this get up, the only advantage of the blouse was that it kept their tits from bouncing and swinging. They might as well have been nude from the waist up.

Tom and I did a collective gasp when we saw them. I ask my wife about why she had suddenly decide to let people see her charms, and she said that something Tom had said a few weeks ago got her to thinking, and she and Silvia, decide to go all out, and make our Valentine's day a very memorable one.

Needless to say, both of them were in great demand. We had a great time, and later I said something to her about how impressed I was about her not only showing her tits, but also her pussy in public. Her answer was; from now on, I will be more outgoing in this respect. When you want me to show off my body, just tell me and I will dress as you like. It is your Valentine's present from me to you.


Comments appreciated: storytellerxxx5@gmail.com