Bobs Story 14 
By JSR


This story is an adult fantasy. 

The author in no way believes that any man, woman, or child should be violated or abused. This story is written as adult entertainment, and should be read by only those over 18 years old. 

This story may contain some or all of the following: Nudity, Voyeurism, Exhibitionism, MF, Mf, Fm, inc. Rape, Oral. Group sex, bg, bbg, BBg, Gbb, MMF, Mff, MFF. 



When Bob looked at their tickets, he saw that they were flying to Capitol City (the state capitol), and that the tickets were for First Class. This was a first for both Bob and Doris. Neither had ever flown First Class.

The plane had just reached cruising altitude, when a Stewardess stopped at the seat that Bob was in and said to him, The Captain would like to see you in the cockpit, as soon as I get the seat belt sign turned off. Bob looked at her and said, I think you must have the wrong person. She answered by asking, You are Robert Cooky, are you not? He answered in the affirmative,  and she said, Yes, he wants to see you. Once the fasten seat belt sign is off, knock on the cockpit door three times, and he will let you in.

Doris asked Bob, What is going on? Bob replied, Doris, I do not know. The pilot wants to see me in the cockpit. I think that is rather strange, but I will have to go see what is up. The seat belt sign went off, and Bob released his, and stood up. It took him a second or two to get use to the movement of the plane, and then he headed for the cockpit.

He knocked three times on the door, and heard it being unlocked. The door opened, and the Captain said Come in Mr. Cooky. Once Bob was inside and the door again locked, he said, I am Captain Bell, this is the co-pilot, Mr. Thomas, and the engineer is Mr. Lipton. We are kind of puzzled over a message that we received for you. Bob replied, I cannot imagine you getting a message for me. What is puzzling about the message?

Captain Bell said, First let me read it to you, and then maybe you can explain it to us. It reads: For Robert Cooky. You and your traveling companion, should change into your working clothing, prior to landing. Next, the plane will stop on the end of the runway, and will be met by a State Police vehicle. The two of you will deplane, with your luggage, and get into the vehicle. Further instructions will be given at that time, by your driver. It is signed by the Governor. Now we want to know, Just Who are you, and why this VIP treatment? It will take a while to get your luggage from the hold, so we have a little time to talk before you have to change.

Bob replied, First, we have NO luggage in the hold. All we have is ours is carry on luggage. Second, We have never had any personal contact with the Governor, so I have NO idea what is going on there. We are both teachers, and our working clothing, will shock most of your passengers, let alone the people at the terminal. That is the best I can do. Maybe you can call your dispatcher, and have him get some clarification.

Mr. Lipton asked, with a big smile on his face, Will we be seeing you on the evening news? Bob replied, Not if I have anything to say about it. I am just a quiet guy who does not seek notoriety, and neither does my companion.

Captain Bell asked, May I ask, just what you and your companion do teach? He answered, Have you ever heard about the SAP program? It is relatively new in some schools, and most are still not teaching it? He replied, I have heard the acronym, but no one seems to know what it means. Bob replied, SAP stands for Sex Application Program. In other words I, and Doris, along with many others, are teaching the kids from kindergarten to graduation from high school all about sex. Not only what it is, but also hands on, as to how. Our working clothing, is just our shoes and socks, and the children are dressed the same way. This trip, that I am finishing up, is the first time in 3 years that I have worn clothing. Doris, is new, and she is still trying to adjust to being nude most of the time. She will eventually go back to her home state, and start the program there.

Captain Bell said, If we hear anything further, we will let you know. Bob took this as a dismissal, and returned to his seat. He told Doris, I think I will take a nap, before we get to Capital City.

When Bob awoke, it was very dark, and he could not move. Even his head was fixed so it could not turn. He started struggling to get free, and a female voice said, Bob, please lay quietly, and I will try to explain what happened to you. Who are you, and where am I?

I am Sarah Jane Parker, and you are in the trauma area of the hospital. Why am I here? Did my plane crash? I remember I was on a flight to Capital City with Doris, and you were at home. How long have I been here? Please turn on a light so I can see something.

Sarah Jane said, First, NO, you were not in a plane crash. Second, You have been in a coma for the past 6 weeks. Now, I want to talk to you before I turn the light on, as I do not want the nurses to come in until after I talk to you privately. The first thing they will do, is to call mom, she is your Dr., and I will have to wait to talk to you.

He replied, Ok, what do you want to talk about? She said, Just listen to what I am going to tell you, and wait until I am done, before you ask any questions. It will go much faster that way. Is that all right? What ever you want Sarah Jane.

She said, Since I was a little girl, I have been able to read minds. I know, He replied. Hush up so I can continue. I kept hearing someone else, but could not understand what he was saying. I finally learned that it was you, and was trying to find you. About 6 week ago, I caught sight of you just after school was out. Now I knew what you looked like, and I was trying to catch up with you so we could talk. The sidewalk was slippery, as there was a freezing rain coming down. I yelled at you, and you turned to see who it was, and walked into a lamp post. Since you were hurrying, you hit it very hard, and it knocked you out. You hit your head on the sidewalk very hard. You have been in a coma ever since. I have been here after school every day, and on weekends, because I felt responsible. If I had not yelled at you, you would not have had the accident. Also I wanted to let you know that we both can read minds, and I think that you are more powerful that I am. Thats what happened, and why. I want to spend some time with you after you are released so that I can better explain what happened.

He replied, Sarah Jane, you told me that a long time ago. You also have a sister, Bobbie Sue, a year younger, and both your parents are pediatric doctors. You are pregnant with my child, and we will get married after you graduate.

She started laughing, and said, Forgive me for laughing, but it is funny. First, My dad is a pediatric Dr., but mom is in the trauma unit, and is your Dr. Second, I am an only child, and third, I am most defiantly NOT pregnant, and it will be 4 years before I graduate from High School. You will graduate in 2 years, if this episode does not slow you down. Now I think it is time to call the nurse, and please keep what I told you a secret. Close your eyes, so that when I turn the light on, it will not hurt them.

He could tell the lights were on, and heard the door close as she left the room. A few minutes later, a nurse came in and checked on him. She said, I guess I had better call Dr. E Parker, and tell her you are awake. Welcome back to the land of the living.

The really strange thing is that for the next few years, He kept bumping into people that he had dreamed of while in the coma. For instance, the next year, I did get a new councilor, and her name was Angora Benson. She did have a daughter named Nancy, and her husband is a Marine. However she did not have twin boys.

Bob graduated from High School two years later. He attended the local community college, and got a degree in applied physiology. He and Sarah Jane got married, and they began a study of the human mind, trying to figure out just why they could read minds, when no one else could. 

               


Comments and Suggestions are always welcome:

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com
