------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT--------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult content. You must be 21 years of age to read. The characters in this sexual fantasy story are imaginary, and are not a representation, in any manner, of any real world person or situation.




			

Title: THE UN-MALE CHRONICLES  PART 1
AUTHOR:  Es2c


				THE UN-MALE CHRONICLES
					PART 1

PREFACE:
TO THE READER:  This report is the result of an investigative reporter's 
effort to find out more about an organization called The Society for Un-
threatened Effeminacy in Males or Un-males for short. The goal of Un-
male is the acceptance of the philosophy that female domination in white 
marriages should be the norm, combined with submissiveness, imposed 
effeminacy, and subservient behavior by white husbands. It is the belief 
of the organization that this is necessary for successful marital 
relationships. The organization also embraces the colloquial belief of 
some, that white males are inferior to black men, particularly, in 
reference to sex.  Un-male exhorts white husbands to accept cuckolding 
as honorable and that they boast proudly to their peers of their wives' 
adulterous relationships with superior black studs.  The preceding 
beliefs have been merged into the Un-male Therapy for making marriages 
happier as well as make white males in general, feel more secure and 
serene, in accepting their inferiority and subjugation to superior black 
males, as well as feeling a deeper love and higher esteem for their 
unfaithful white wives.


THE BEGINNING

	While at an Un-Male open house social, researching information for 
my article, I chatted with one of the Un-Male trained husbands.  I 
listened to his story intently.

"I was upset at first when I found out that my wife 
was having  a torrid affair with  a black man. But by 
the time  I  did so,  she'd already started me  on  
tasting traces  of his delicious cum from her sweet 
pussy.  She knew  I liked the way  she tasted after 
she'd been  out with him. Her  cunt  tasted  great,  
but  I   never attributed  it to her sexing  it up 
with a black  stud. There  was an argument at first, 
but when she laid  the law down that she wasn't about 
to give him up, I knew I didn't  want to give her up - 
I loved her too much.  We compromised.   I'd share her 
with her black lover.  She continued  to feed me her  
pussy and I eagerly ate  her out. We'd virtually 
stopped having normal intercourse after  she started 
seeing him. She told me how much  of her  time he took 
up as well as that she didn't seem to get  much out of 
my much smaller prick anymore.  It was easy  for me to 
see how enlarged her vagina had become from regular 
sex with him.  She was for a while jerking me  off.   
Later  she  urged  me to take care  of  that myself, 
as she ground her tasty bottom on my face.  One night  
after she'd had a quickie with him, she  plugged her 
cunt and brought his full load back for me to eat. 
When  she  told  me  what  she had for me, I  was  
very reluctant  to do what she wanted, but when she 
told  me `Taste  me  now or  not  taste me again' I 
gave  in.  I needed her so.  I prepared for what I 
thought was going to be a terrible slimy taste. To my 
total surprise, her gooey  creamy  loaded cunt  was 
very tasty. I  couldn't hide that I'd liked her creamy 
jism saturated hair pie. We  kissed and talked.  She 
said she was going to bring me  more such presents 
from her black paramour.  When I brought  up  the 
issue  of my embarrassment  at  eating another  man's 
jism from her cunt, even though I  liked the way she 
tasted, she calmly told me about Un-males. We got some 
of their literature and videos.  I began to look  at 
my marital role in a different more satisfying way and 
didn't worry about my previous macho concerns. To  
test myself, she and her mother slowly had me  wear 
small  feminine items  - you know, panties,  
stockings, garter belt, a teddy, etc. After a few 
weeks, I felt no shame  prancing  around the  house 
before she  and  her mother  in  a full  maid's 
uniform. Two of the  Un-male products  my  wife made 
sure  I tried was the no  blade shaving  cream  and 
the  vitamins they sold. After  a while,  I found that 
I  didn't have to shave hardly  at all. I later found 
out the vitamins were responsible. A  secret  
ingredient  had  been added to  them.  My wife's  
mother  checked  on  me  frequently  and even 
encouraged me to serve as a maid for one of her 
women's club  meetings.   My wife  offered me to her 
with  her complete  blessings.   To my  own surprise, 
I  felt  no shame  about doing so.  The group of women 
were  rather the  bossy type and had me running to do 
their  bidding unmercifully.  It was strange,  but I 
liked being  told what  to  do and  ordered around. My 
wife was  somewhat more  assertive than I was anyway, 
but since her  black lover  had  come on  the scene, 
she'd  become  outright dominant.   The  Un-Male  
therapy apparently helped  me accept  and adapt to 
this.  I felt more complete in  my role in the 
triangular relationship.  While my wife was busy  with 
her higher paying job and Nash - that's  our black  
lover's name - I took care of the household. It seemed  
only  natural  that  I  become  the   household 
domestics  manager - as my wife put it. My wife 
finally brought  him over and introduced me to him.  
She had me cook and serve dinner to him, her, and her 
mother. Nash was  extremely  handsome  and  masculine.  
He  was  very witty, I could see why she liked him so.  
I was nervous around  him dressed in my French maid's 
outfit, but  at the  same time it seemed right that I 
was dressed as  I was. Just like the Un-male 
literature stated, Nash as
the better man was not threatened because my dress and 
mannerism  demonstrated  my  respect for  his  
superior manhood,   while  at  the  same  time  I  was   
totally comfortable  in my natural subordinate role.  
There was no  threat to either of us, hence no 
conflict.  He was the real man in her life and I was 
comfortable with the arrangement.   It  was  raining 
after dinner.  My  wife directed  me  to put  new 
sheets on the master  bedroom bed.  Nash was going to 
spend the night with her there. Mother  was going to 
stay over also.  I was to sleep in the  smaller guest 
bedroom  downstairs. I did as I  was told. Some  days 
later, after  he moved in, he  and  I developed  a 
closer  relationship.  Everything my  wife did  was  
geared  to  satisfying Nash.   Naturally,  my outlook 
was the same.  So when he wanted me to suck his cock  
it was just as  natural as him telling me to  fix him 
a drink.  After all, my honey had already introduced 
me  to the taste of his cum.  She's so sweet.  
However, I did feel proud that he thought I was 
deserving enough to  handle  such a task  as sucking 
him off.  I was  so proud  of myself as I swallowed 
all his heavy hot  load as  he moaned and grunted as 
he spurted his hot  gooey semen down my throat."

	His story was very interesting. Just after he finished, he was 
beckoned by a tall handsome black man.  Before leaving in a rush, he 
whispered to me excitedly that their husband - Nash wanted him.
I wondered over to the punch bowl again.  I overheard one Un-male 
talking to another newcomer about his exciting experiences in being 
initiated in the organization.

"After my lovely wife insisted for a while that I try 
on her nylons, I did.  She was right, they did feel 
comfortable and I didn't feel all that threatened 
wearing them in her presence.  At the same time she 
persisted that I wear more and more feminine articles 
to get in touch with myself.  Doing this same time, 
she subscribed to the Society for Un-threatened 
Effeminacy in Males Journal.  The articles and real 
life stories were so interesting and educational.  I 
quickly learned that I was not pleasing my wife like a 
real man could. I learned how to adapt to the changing 
role that would enable her utmost happiness.  At same 
time, I would remain in her life as a useful, loving, 
lesser partner. My mother aided us in transistioning 
into the wonderful arrangement we currently have.  She 
is rather dominant, like my wife has become,  and saw 
the Un-male approach as a natural and proper lifestyle 
for me.  Mother knew my inadequacy as a man to fully 
please a full bodied woman like my  wife Debra.  I 
found out it was her who suggested Debra get me on the 
Un-male philosophy.  At the same time, she was 
introducing my wife to real men, black men.  Needless 
to say, once Debra got a taste of the good loving from 
those black studs, she could never be fully satisfied 
with my feeble efforts.  So she too saw the advantages 
of the Un-male approach for me also.  After all, she 
told me she did still love me and wanted me around, 
but she knew it would have to be in an arrangement 
that would include her different black lovers and 
studs.  The Un-male approach allows my wife to have 
her cake and eat it too.  You see, by becoming an Un-
male, I'm not threatened by my new role of a passive 
obedient husband, and the real men in her life aren't 
threatened by me either.  They don't count me as a 
man, and to some extent, I know I couldn't compare or 
compete with them either.  So when I prance around 
them in pretty feminine attire, they see this as my 
demonstration of respect for their superior manliness 
and don't feel a need to exert themselves to show 
their dominant maleness.  This makes them feel 
comfortable as well as I."

It was at this point that the other party, the experienced Un-male, 
talked about the Un-male role and masturbation.

"You must read the booklet on HAND  SEX For Un-males. 
Jerking off is natural for me because my wife is so 
busy with her important job and black lovers, that she 
doesn't have enough time for normal sex with me. 
Besides, if she doesn't get much out of it, why should 
she bother?  So you see Jacking off is a very 
important way for Un-male spouses to relieve  normal 
sexual tension while maintaining the expected 
faithfulness to our wives.  My wife, bless her, often 
gives me pictures of her and her real men having sex, 
to jerk off to. She is so thoughtful.  I have almost 
three hundred Polaroids and two videotapes of her in 
all sorts of activities, including eight gang bangs."

Again the other party, who was listening attentively, asked a question.  
Again the experienced Un-male answered.

"Oh yes!  It is almost mandatory that everyone who 
embraces the Un-male philosophy suck their wife's used
dripping pussy after a real man has shot off in it. 
You'll never regret having sucked your wife out after 
she's been had by several real men, especially black 
studs.  The thick creamy spermy goo is delicious when 
sucked from a hot hairy fuck hole.  From my 
experience, black men seem to shoot off more than 
anybody else whose fucked my wife.  She only gets 
fucked by black studs now."

The other party asked another question. Again the experienced Un-male 
answered.

"Well, after I started sucking my wife's fully loaded 
cunt, she insinuated several times that I should 
consider sucking cock to see if I'd like it.  Mother 
also encouraged me to become a cock sucker too.  But 
still I was very reluctant.  I hadn't overcome the 
phobia and the silly idea that being called a cock 
sucker was degrading.  Both women understood, but 
continued to inject techniques of how to give good 
head at every opportunity they could. They were always 
telling and pointing out what they call `good suckable 
dicks', to me from the many photos and videos we had. 
They also got me the Un-male Guide On Mouth to Penis 
Sex.  It includes a video and a booklet written in 
very clear and logical language.  My wife, as well as 
my mother, are both accomplished sluts and expert cock 
suckers of black dicks.  They went over the material 
with  me at various times.  They gave me so many good 
tips on how to suck and swallow.  I was impressed by 
their many cock sucking stories and could only hold 
them in higher esteem.  The material helped me think 
of the act of Felattio in a very different and more 
respected light.  It turned out one of the primary 
thoughts from the material is that as an Un-male, 
freedom in sexual choice is so natural and shameless. 
Whether an Un-male sucks a cock or a cunt, it really 
doesn't matter.  The important thing is that he, the 
Un-male first pleases the person he is sucking, and 
second derives joy from the act by the mere fact that 
he was asked or told to do it.  I'd watched the tape 
and re-read the book several times before an 
opportunity presented itself for me to get up the 
nerve to suck my first cock.  It happened when my wife 
had one of her out of town lovers stay over one 
Thursday night. The next day when she left for work, 
she directed me to take the day off from work and show 
him the sights as well as cook and take care of his 
needs. I could see he was very special to my wife. I 
served him breakfast in bed and drew a bath for him.  
He had me polish his shoes while he bathed.     He was 
easy to talk to and a good conversationalist. He 
complimented me several times on the way I looked in 
my maid's uniform.  That made me feel good.  When I 
took it off to drive him to go sightseeing, he 
persisted that I wear it or something feminine as I 
chauffeured him.  I was reluctant to do so, but he 
persisted and I did wear one of my wife's pants suits 
and a wig.  I felt silly doing it, but in a strange 
way, felt good doing it because he wanted me too.  
Several times we got out the car.  I enjoyed being on 
the arms of this strong tall black man. Back home, as 
we were sitting on the couch, my wife came up in 
conversation.  He told me what a `good piece of ass 
she was'.  Before thinking, I said `she certainly 
tasted good this morning' too.  I tried to correct 
myself, but it was too late.  He pulled me closer and 
said he understood. He told me he knew that I was a 
cunt sucker and that he figured I had tongue douched 
my wife after he'd fucked her several times last 
night.  `Did I taste good enough that you'd want 
more?' When I was slow to respond, he kissed me on the 
mouth and placed my small soft hand on the huge bulge 
in his pants.  The suddenness of his actions and the 
power of his presence took away any resistance I 
might've thought about.  While his strong tongue 
probed across my mouth, my hand groped him furiously.  
I was beside myself with lust for whatever he wanted 
of me. After he broke the kiss he stood up, dropped 
his pants to reveal what my wife and mother would've 
called a very suckable dick.  It was so long, and 
jutted out rigidly.  I couldn't help but reach out to 
finger his enormous black manhood. He next ordered me 
to my knees and to suck him off.  I'll never forget 
his words: `C'mon you cute pantywaist faggot! Wrap 
them pretty lips around my joint!'  His earthy tone of 
voice and choice of words excited me. I was so glad 
I'd read and seen the Un-male video.  You see, when a 
real man calls an Un-male a faggot or some similar 
name, it's like a mating call.  It means they really 
adore you and desire you greatly to take their jism.  
And just as mother had told me, when I got ready to 
suck dick, I would feel right about doing it, and I 
did.  I wanted to be his cock sucker.  I recalled all 
the techniques on the video as I kissed the heated 
swollen cockhead of his big black organ. I licked his 
cock all over and lapped his big balls several times 
before engulfing the shining stretched dick head.  He 
tasted so good.  His hot, black, smooth hard meat in 
my mouth made me feel so contented. I'd mentioned 
earlier to him that this was my first time.  I was 
very relieved when he softened his tone and told me 
that he'd guide me along. When he creamed in my mouth 
I thought I was the luckiest person in the world at 
that moment, I enjoyed it so much.  I sucked him off 
again later that afternoon. It was his idea to 
videotape that session for my wife and mother.  Later 
that night we all watched it as I beamed with pride of 
my accomplishment.  While my wife and he went out 
later that night, mother called her black boyfriend 
over and invited him to bring some of his horny 
buddies over for me to practice on. I cooked up some 
snacks for the get together.  Ray, her boyfriend was 
able to get about six of his buddies over for free 
head.  Of course they not only let me blow them, they 
also fucked mother several times.  After the orgy, and 
after I'd sucked mother's cunt clean, she handed me a 
book and told me "As a mother, it's my duty to get my 
baby ready for when a man wants to try out your ass 
pussy".  The book was the Un-male Guide entitled: 
Getting Fucked By A Real Man and Loving It."

	The two sort of begin to notice me, so I smiled and moved to 
another part of the room.
	I was browsing through some of the bountiful literature about Un-
male success stories, when I overheard two well dressed, in drag of 
course, Un-male husbands talking.

"That was so wonderful of your wife to have us over 
for dinner. Our husband really enjoyed it all.  He and 
y'all's husband hit it off real well.  He's so 
handsome and built.  I bet you're just thrill to have 
him
around?"
	"Oh yes. He's brought such joy and happiness to 
our marriage like we've never know before.  Rose is 
getting sex like she's never dreamed of before and I'm 
just thrilled to see her so happy and contented.  Plus 
I like his take charge style. It's seems so natural 
for me to do what he tells me to.  When I first met 
him, I sort of resented him being black as well as 
being so cocky and assertive, but  after I got to know 
him better, it became so obvious that he was the 
better man and had the right to rule over me, and take 
control of my place.  It's only been two weeks since 
he's moved in, and I admire him so much.  Rose knows 
now that any resentment or prejudice I initially had 
has gone away. You see, he and I talk frequently about 
how I like the taste of Rose's cunt after he or his 
buddies have fucked her.  He and I are getting along 
so much better than I ever thought. In such a short 
time too."
	"Have you sucked his dick yet?"
	"No. Have you done your husband's yet?"
	"Oh yes! Several times.  I don't know why I 
didn't become a cocksucker a long time ago.  It's so 
delightful having that big black hard cock of his 
sliding back and forth over my lips and then having 
him flood my mouth and throat with his thick hot 
jism." 
"You like it better that than eating it out of your
wife?"
	"I like sucking his dick and her sloppy dripping 
pussy. They're both good.  There is a stronger taste 
to his cum right from his cock, but his dick is so 
sweet and sucking him out is so delightful and 
intimate.  You must do it sometime if he lets you.  
After we leave here, Our husband is going to drop 
Crystal off at his aunt's cat house and take me with 
him to a poker game. I'm going to be the maid around 
all those black men. He told me he wants me to suck 
his buddies dicks if they let me. I hope they will."
"You like it that much to do other men too?" "Believe 
me, after you wrap your pretty lips around
his dick head and he creams in your mouth, you won't 
be able to refuse any black man that offers you his 
hard-on.  C'mon! You've thought about doing it haven't 
you?"
	"Well, yes, in a way.  You see Rose, has caught 
me admiring his big manly ebony organ several times as 
he's walked around the house naked.  She knows I'm 
lying when I tell her I'm not interested in the beauty 
of his bull size genitals.  She's encouraged me 
several times to ask him if he'd let me milk his cock 
after they've been fucking.  She thinks I'm scared to 
suck him off and take his full load.  She is so 
thoughtful to want to be there with me when I take his 
cock in my mouth.  I love her so, but I think when I 
do it, I'd want he and I to be alone."
	"That's right.  There are some things that an 
Un-male should do alone and then when he's ready.  And 
sucking his first dick is probably one of them."
"My wife told me that she thinks it would be so
wonderful for me, the great grandson of slave owners, 
to be a cock sucker for her black lover." 
"That does seem to have a ring of atonement to it.
So do you have any idea when he might let you swing on 
his meat?"
	"No, but my mother told me that she thinks he 
will do it soon."
	"Your mother?"
	"Oh! I forgot to mention that Web fucked her the 
second time he met her.  She knew about he and my wife 
before I did.  She fell head over heels in love with 
him the first time she met him. You see my wife 
introduced him to mother first and told her that they 
were having an affair.  She wanted mother to know that 
I wasn't satisfying her.  So after going black, she 
knew she'd never be satisfied with me again.  She and 
mother always did get along well.  Mother told her she 
fully understood, gave her blessings to the two of 
them, and also recommended Un-male therapy for me, 
since Rose still cared for me and I very much for her. 
Mother told the two that she was sure that I would be 
of some use to them around the house with my all the 
domestic training she'd taught me.  Mother knew my 
heart would be broken if Rose left me.  She knew I'd 
do almost anything to stay with her, even share her 
with a black man and be like a servant to them- i.e., 
given the proper orientation for such a relationship - 
hence Un-male training. Mother said because she was 
such a proper lady, she was so embarrassed at her 
lusty feelings toward Web at first.  But when she saw 
him the second time they were all alone, and she told 
me that she lost all inhibitions when he touched her.  
You see my wife set up her for Web.  Well anyway, he 
fucked her in the mouth, cunt and even up her ass that 
first night. She was his from that moment on.  Neither 
she or Rose or Web told me about her relation with Web 
until I had some basic Un-male classes and fully 
accepted Web's superiority to me as a man.  After 
that, it became clear to me that the only logical 
choice  for me, if I wanted to stay in Rose's life, 
was to adopt the Un-male philosophy and lifestyle and 
settled into the humble unpretentious  role of an Un-
male spouse.  It was right after Web had moved in with 
Rose and I, that mother told me that she was whoring 
for Web too, and loved him as much as Rose.  She urged 
me to respect and adore him for the wonderful man he 
was.  She told me how happy she felt when selling her 
pussy for Web. I couldn't help but see the ardor and 
joy that spread across her face as she talked. Because 
Web had made mother as well as my wife so happy and 
contented, I couldn't help but have the  most sincere 
respect and praise for him for the man he was. She saw 
the joyful look on my face and felt to see if I had a 
hard-on, which I did. She had me suck her cunt and 
jerk off while I got her off with my tongue.  She 
beamed with pride and moaned delightfully as she told 
me that the pussy I was sucking had been fucked by 
over two hundred Johns, all black, in less than two 
months.  `I'm not as pretty or young as Rose, so he 
hustles me out as discount cunt.  When a customer 
needs some cheap  gang bang pussy, that's me.  I just 
love having men standing in line to fuck me.' She told 
me that just as she started to wrap her legs around my 
head.  Before she locked them around my ears, she also 
mentioned that she'd just come back from a six man 
gang bang and didn't have time to wash out her cunt.  
After telling me that, the hot hairy warm wetness and 
funky reek of her musky tasting sex that surrounded me 
was so gratifying, I couldn't hold back as I thought 
of all the past and most recent big black cocks having 
been where my mouth was then.  I got off so good. I 
spurted strong.  She had an orgasm shortly afterwards.  
As both our passions settled, she Later told me that 
she wished that Un-male was around when she was young 
and married to my late father. She said
he'd made a perfect Un-male hubby just like I was 
becoming.  Mother confessed that she'd always secretly 
dreamed of being a white trash tramp slut and having a 
handsome black pimp.  She also told me that she 
understood immediately when Rose asked her advice 
about Web and what to do about me.  I hugged mother 
and told that her how happy I was that she'd been able 
to realize her dream.  With tears in my eyes I told 
how proud I was that she was my mother.  She in turn 
told me how proud she was of me acting so responsibly 
and bravely in embracing Un-male to save my marriage." 
"Oh, I see.  But how did she know that Web might
		want you to suck him off?"
	"Oh! That. She told me that once when she was 
milking his cock after they'd fucked,  he said that 
he'd like to have me do the same for him.  Mother said 
she quickly agreed and told him that it was so 
wonderful of him to think of me as being deserving 
enough for such an honor. She told me that it would 
make her so proud if I blew Web and swallowed all his 
hot cum.  She told me the that Rose had let her know 
that I admired looking at Web's big rod.  She let me 
know that I shouldn't be the least bit shame of having 
admiration for a beautiful black penis.  To show their 
encouragement,  She and my wife gave me a black penis 
shaped dildo to practice sucking on and several 
Polaroids of Web's big joint.  They included scenes of 
his big stiff truncheon by itself, in their pretty 
white sweet mouths, and also stuffed deep in their 
luscious pussies.  On the back of some of the photos, 
they each wrote loving notes to me.  Rose wrote: `To 
my darling Un-male of a husband, please cherish this 
image of the love tool of the real man in my life.  
Think of him as "OUR MAN" and that I want us both to 
enjoy his tool as his women. Your loving wife, Rose.' 
Mother wrote: `To my dearest pretty pantywaist son, 
this is my gift to you, a picture of a man who is a 
better man than either your father was or you will 
ever be. Praise him and his beautiful sexual 
equipment, because he is the better man - a real man.  
The man I gladly whore for.  Your loving mother, 
Gayle.'

	At this point, the last husband talking had taken out some of the 
photos he was talking about and showed them to his friend.  As they 
talked on, more people gathered near by, which forced them to moved to a 
window, presumably to examine more clearly the pictures of the love tool 
on which he hoped soon to feast.
	I mingled with the growing crowd, occasionally conversing here and 
there with one of the many Un-male hostesses about some of the plentiful 
literature and publications the organization had available at the 
gathering.  The atmosphere was unhurried.  No one pressured you to join.
	I settled in a big comfortable side chair as I browsed through a 
book entitled: THE NATURALNESS OF MALES IN LACE.  As I read and thumbed 
through it, two women sat down in a love seat behind me.  I don't 
believed they even noticed that I was nearby.  I couldn't help but 
listen intently as they conversed.

	=======Clara & Sam -- Norma & Charles=======
	"Clara I must thank you and Sam again for 
inviting Charles and I.  From what I've seen and the 
way Charles
is taking this all in, I think things may work out 
okay between us after all."
	"I think the mere fact that Sam is with him 
helped a lot."  
	"Oh yes.  Charles mentioned that if Sam could be 
as happy and content with your situation, he had to 
look into the Un-male thing if it would help our 
marriage. But I must tell you, I was so surprised to 
find out you not only were still seeing Kane, but that 
he was actually living with you two."
	"That was the real reason why we moved.  It gave 
us all the right environment to adapt to the new roles 
that were necessary for our unconventional arrangement 
to bloom and blossom.  Kane moved in and became the  
master of the house, while Sam, without the pressure 
of peering noisy neighbors, was able to more fully 
practice the Un-male philosophy and grow into his  
role of obedient unmanliness."
"Was it very difficult for him to accept the fact
that Kane was black?"
	"At first, but after it was apparent that any 
future with me had to include Kane, as well as his 
black friends.  Sam came around and meekly accepted my 
terms.  That is, Kane was to move in and Sam had to 
try Un-male training.  He started it two days later 
after agreeing to my ultimatum.  In just a week, he 
thanked me for getting him to go to the Un-male 
clinic.  He told me that it had opened his eyes to a 
lot of things. He then asked me if he could meet Kane 
and the three of us talk about the future.  I 
suggested he cook and serve dinner for Kane, and 
afterwards we could discuss things.  But as I hugged 
him, I reminded him that he should be prepared to do 
the listening, since Kane would be the real man of the 
house and giving the orders."
	"You told him that!"
	"Sure did.  It was better that I prepare him 
than Kane to have to remind him.  Besides, Un-male had 
also suggested this approach.  You see, they get the 
wives involved in the therapy early in the game.  Well 
anyway, he humbly, but firmly indicated he understood 
that he would be under Kane's rule and mainly wanted 
to let him know that, as well as try to find out what 
the new master of the house expected of him.  He 
looked so sweet as he hung his head as he spoke.  It 
made me feel so good to see my mollycoddled husband 
humiliated.  I wanted to hear more, so I goaded him 
on. `Have you overcome your prejudice because he's 
black and has a bigger cock?' I asked him.  He turned 
red in the face, but his answer really pleased me.  
`It's something I will have to overcome.  Not only 
because you love him and he makes you happy, and I so 
much want to see you happy, but I realize from the 
facts, that he's the better man, and that it's ... 
it's just natural, even ... even right that I accept, 
respect him, and ... and subordinate myself to him for 
that.'" 
"Oh, That was so sweet of him to say."
	"Norma you just don't know how good I felt at 
hearing him demean himself.  My cunt got all wet and 
tingly.  In fact I had him eat me out right then.  To 
add to my pleasure, I mentioned from time to time 
while he was noisily sucking up my pussy juices that 
Kane and two of his buddies had screwed me off and on 
the previous night.  I moaned about how big and hard 
their beautiful tools were. And how many times they 
shot off in me."
	"Clara!  You didn't!"
	"Sure did.  It made me feel ecstatic to belittle 
him.  Plus he hadn't had his little prick in my pussy 
for over six months.  All I'd permit him to do was eat
me out.  And just as the Un-male counselor said would 
happen, Sam told me sometime later, that it made 
sucking my cunt a more delightful experience for him 
too when I talked about the way the real men in my 
life had pleased me.  He confessed that it thrilled 
him that his oral actions provoked memories of the 
pleasures they gave, and that he could only 
approximate with his tongue."
	"OOOOh!  It sounds like that Un-male training 
really works."
	"That's the same thing I thought as he spoke.  
Well after he got me off, I was feeling mellow and 
saucy. So I felt like taunting him some more. I knew 
he had a hard-on, so I asked him if he was still true 
to me.  He nodded yes.  I then asked if he was jacking 
off like I wanted him to do when he got hard?  You see 
I told him I wouldn't tolerate him being with another 
woman if he was still trying to get me back."
"Even though you were getting all the black dicks
you could in your cunt?"
	"Of course!  You see, he really loves me.  Plus 
I made sure I let him suck my cunt from time to time 
so he wouldn't forget the taste of me.  Norma, If a 
weak mama's boy like Sam didn't, then the Un-male 
therapy may not take as well as you might want it to."
	"Oh, I see."
	"Well anyway, he's usually sheepish in 
responding when I talk about him jerking off, but this 
time he showed less embarrassment.  He let me know 
that his Un-male teachers had made him feel more 
comfortable about masturbation - the Un-male term is 
hand sex. Ha! Ha!  Those people are really smart in 
knowing how to brainwash our simpering hubbys."
"Hee hee, Hand sex.  That is funny Clara."
	"Well then, where was I? Oh yeah, listen to 
this. He then told me that he was taught that it was 
even honorable to do hand sex to demonstrate your love 
to the special woman in a man's life.  He then told me 
I was that woman for him.  To tease him even further, 
I had him take his hard little weenie out and stroke 
it for me while I showed him some Polaroids of me 
sexing it up with Kane and some of his black stud 
buddies.  I made poor Sam stroke so many times for 
each picture, but told he couldn't come until I told 
him to.  We both were completely nude, but he knew I 
wasn't going to let him have intercourse, even though 
my full pussy was right out there in the open to his 
gaze.  He looked so cute all frustrated by wanting to 
come and yet, desperately trying to hold back because 
I wanted him to."
"Clara! You naughty bitch.  You didn't really do
that to your hubby did you?"
	"I sure did honey.  I finally let him kneel and 
jerk off on some newspaper I placed on the floor.  But 
before I gave him the okay, I made him promise that he 
would taste Kane's cum for me from my cunt the next 
time we were to fuck, which was that night.  He did, 
and he grew fond of doing it from that time on.  In 
fact, he said it made meeting Kane that much easier. 
So you remember that when you introduce Reggie, your 
black stud, to Charles.  You still are fooling around 
with Reggie aren't you?"
	"Oh, yes.  And like you with Kane, all his 
friends too."
	"And you called me naughty. Ha! Ha!"
"You know Clara, like you, I want to subjugate
Charles and make him grovel before me and Reggie.  I 
too think all emasculate and weak white husbands like 
ours should serve and praise strong black men like we 
have." 
"Un-male training should work well on him then.
See!  There's he and Sam now over there.  They're 
meeting some of the Un-male counselors.  Norma, I 
don't think you've got a thing to worry about.  You'll 
have him right where you want him in no time."
	"I want to whip his ass too and make him mind me 
almost like a slave.  You think they can train him 
like that for me?"
	"I can see you're a bitch after my own heart.  
Of course they can.  In fact, after their basic course 
graduation, you'll get two high quality English canes 
for discipline and persuasion training.  He, just like 
Sam, will be no stranger to the sting of a cane." 
"While we're waiting for them, what happened at
their first meeting?"
	"It went like a charm.  He wanted to wear some 
feminine articles for the occasion, just like the Un-
male training tells them.  On his own, he picked out a 
blouse and  a pair of my pull on pants.  He was almost 
excited about the occasion as I was.  But I convinced 
that he should demonstrate to Kane that he was indeed 
serious.  I convinced him to wear a  serving maid's 
uniform. It went over so well as he served Kane and I 
a delicious two course dinner.  I purchased a little 
white porcelain  bell to ring him when he was out of 
the room.  He didn't eat with us.  Most of the time he 
stood off to the side insignificantly until he was 
addressed to remove a plate or bring on another treat.  
It was so wonderful to have him truckle before my 
black lover and hear him address him as Mister and say 
`Yes Sir  and No Sir'.  At the end of the meal, Kane 
called Sam - actually, his name is Samantha to Kane - 
over and told that he was a good cook and servant and 
expected that and more of him after he moved in.  
Smiling that this big tall black man had complimented 
him, Samantha curtsied just like I'd told him.  Norma, 
the evening was wonderful.  And later as Kane and I 
sat on the sofa, I was all curled up around him, he 
called Samantha before us and  let him know that he 
would have to dress as a woman at all times before him 
as well as obey us both with out question. I was 
sucking on Kane's huge dick all the while as kane was 
dictating to him.  I tormented him further by smiling 
at him.  I looked him in the face as I let my tongue 
snake over and around the enormous black cock. I was 
so thrilled to see him so humiliated and frustrated.  
Later Kane had Sam help him both us completely 
undress.  I've never felt so wonderful as having my 
sweet sensitive husband dressed in drag helping me get 
naked for my black lover."
	"Clara that's wild."
	"But wait, there's more.  Just before I sent Sam 
out to clean up the dinner dishes,  I asked him so 
sweetly to kiss me good night on my wet and ready to 
be fucked cunt.  He was so caught off guard, but he 
did as Kane looked on with his big stiff rock hard 
tool at the ready.  But to my surprise and elation, 
Kane wanted the same.  Sam looked at Kane's big rigid 
member, then up at Kane's face and then at me.  I 
smiled a wicked smile and nodded affirmatively to my 
sweet spouse, who was still on his knees.  but to my 
surprise, he quickly crawled the short distance so his 
flushed face was
before Kane's magnificent dick.  he immediate kissed 
it, not once but several times while saying `Thank you 
... SMACK ... sir for being the ... SMACK ... man I 
could never be to my  ... SMACK ... Wife, who's your 
woman ... SMACK ... now.  Please accept this ... SMACK 
... humble action as some proof ... SMACK ... of my 
gratitude to you for .. SMACK ... for your generosity 
for	... SMACK ... letting me stay in her life ... 
SMACK
... and be in ... SMACK ... servitude to you both ... 
SMACK."  It made my day Norma to hear my sweetie pie 
so sincerely say that.  He later told me that Un-male 
had trained them to expect to do that.  He said he was 
so grateful they had.  He also told me it got him over 
the silly fear of there being something wrong with 
putting his mouth on another man's cock.  Especially 
if that was a superior black man like Kane."
	"Clara that is so unbelievable but yet so sweet 
and wonderful for him to do.  This organization sounds 
just like what I need for Charles.  I'd just love to 
see my prissy fussy husband on his knees kissing 
Reggie's big black dick.  It seems they emphasize 
black superiority.  I like that."
	"Yes they do, and I'm sure my sweet Samantha has 
let your Charles know something about the joy of being 
Un-manly and being totally submissive to a strong 
virile black man - especially if that man is your 
wife's lover and pimp."
	"Oh that sounds so yummy.  I can feel myself 
getting juicy just thinking about Charles in a 
situation like that.  But tell me, when did Sam, bring 
up the idea of moving?"
	"Well after Kane moved in, Sam and he hit off 
really well.  Sam sucked him off two days later and 
swallowed his full heavy hot load.  He was so thankful 
to kane for creaming in his mouth.  He told me how 
delicious Kane's hot semen was straight from his dick. 
He told me that even though it tasted different than 
when he ate it out of my cunt, he still loved  doing 
that too.  He couldn't praise Kane enough from then 
on. Kane could do no wrong in his eyes.  But alas, the 
neighbors were getting suspicious and noisy about so 
many black men coming and going from our house.  So 
Sam brought up the idea of moving to a subdivision out 
in the country.  He found out about it through Un-
male. We three toured the area.  It was just what we 
needed. There were even symbols on some houses 
indicating that Un-males lived there.  Sam, recognized 
one Un-male husband from his therapy class pushing a 
baby buggy. We got out and talked.  He was so thrilled 
to see Sam. He showed us the newest addition to their 
family. It was a beautiful black baby - his wife's 
third child from her  live in black lover.  The Un-
male husband's name was Camille.  He looked so 
beautiful in his turn of the century white  lacy 
dress, complete with a wide ornate bonnet.  Later Sam 
told us that Camille and his wife have been married 
ten years and he's had intercourse with her only once.  
That was the first night of their honeymoon.  He'd 
told Sam that after that night his lovely wife was 
seduced by one of the black bell hops and she's never 
let him have her again that way.  Sam said that 
Camille played the peeking Tom on his wife and the 
black bellhop in a secluded corner of the hotel 
basement.  He said he meant to surprise them and 
reveal to his new bride that he was going to divorce 
her, but when he saw how passionate and wonderful love 
they made, he was captivated by it all and got a hard-
on from watching them.  He said he couldn't help from 
jerking off as he watched his demure shapely young 
wife give herself wantonly to this black man.  This 
happened three times while they were at the hotel.  
For one reason or the other, his new wife refused his 
requests for sex, but crept out each night to meet and 
have unbridled sex with her black lover. Each time 
Camille followed her and jerked off.  The last night 
of their stay, his wife surprised Camille when she 
gave him a videotape and told him to put it in the 
video player.  At the same time she went to the door 
and let in her black bellhop lover.  Dumfounded by the 
presence of the bellhop, it all became clear when the 
video showed Camille jacking off behind a shipping 
crate in the basement while his new bride and the 
bellhop were fucking.  He was told by the bellhop, 
that the basement was being monitored by a friend of 
his in hotel security from a hidden camera in the dark 
basement.  After that, the bellhop came to live with 
them and became the father of the couples first child.  
Camille had revealed to his wife that he enjoyed 
seeing her with the black man.  His wife said she 
enjoyed being with him and that the bellhop was 
certainly more of a real man than Camille was.  
Camille said he had no quarrel with that and wanted to 
do what ever pleased his bride.  He found out how 
easily it was to accept and assume what he termed, an 
unthreatening role, to James', the black bellhop, role 
as the dominant male, the real man to his wife, in the 
house.  He was satisfied to masturbate as he watched 
them make love as well as other black men, who were 
now included in his wife's increasing circle of studs 
that came by to enjoy her, all with James' approval of 
course.  She enjoyed the diversity so much that she 
eagerly agreed to hustle for him.  Camille ,of course 
accepted his wife's decision and lost none of his 
great love for her.  He embraced his masculine 
inferiority fully. At the same time his wife had 
become more aggressive as her husband became just the 
opposite.   Well any way, that's how we got around to 
moving.  Camille and his slutty wife are very close 
neighbors of ours.  You must come out and meet them 
sometime.  Oh look!  Here comes our cutie pies now.  
Look Norma, Charles is wearing a complimentary see 
through blouse.  Isn't he cute."
	"He is. You mean they give that to prospective 
students.  From the expensive look of that one, I'd 
say he's signed up."
		"Oh I hope so."

-----END OF PART 1---
	WARNING!  YOU MUST BE 21 YEARS OF AGE TO READ 	
STORY#: 01-UM191	UN-MALE CHRONICLE: PART 1             Page  14
	WARNING! YOU MUST BE 21 YEARS OF AGE TO READ


