Coerced
by Kathy B.
kathybxx@hotmail.com


Part 8

I don't know if you've ever walked two miles in a pair of heels 
before, but let me tell you it isn't much fun. By the time I got to 
the mall, my feet were sore and my legs ached. I knew I was wiggling 
my ass quite a bit as I walked but it was the best way to cover 
distance quickly.

Sheila was waiting for me, tapping her foot impatiently. "I've been 
standing here for ten minutes, Charlene. Where have you been?"

"I'm sorry Mrs. Winters," I apologized. "I hurried, I just ran a 
little late."

"What were you doing, sleeping? You knew how far it was, you should 
have planned better."

When I told her I'd been delayed because the boys came over, she 
laughed but it seemed to make her a little happier. "You don't seem 
to go very long without finding a cock for that pussy of yours. 
You're turning into a little slut, aren't you? I got here early so I 
ate already, but you can find a snack before you leave if you're 
hungry."

"Thank you, ma'am. I'd like that," I replied. The prospect of some 
real food buoyed my spirits.

We spent the next hour in various stores, trying on outfits and 
purchasing the ones Sheila approved of. The theme was pretty 
consistent- short dresses, low-cut tops, sexy bras to hold up my 
boobs and no panties whatsoever. In fact, the only bottom she allowed 
me was the thong part of a very skimpy bikini, meant for a much 
smaller woman. "For mowing the lawn," Sheila giggled.

Sheila also bought me several pairs of heels, and lots of stockings 
to go with them. As much as I tried to keep my legs together, I'm 
sure the salesmen got several peeks up my dress as they fussed at my 
feet.

Our final stop was a small intimates shop, where Sheila had me try on 
several corsets. When I came out wearing a long black one which 
whittled my waist by almost four inches, she sighed, "Oh my God, 
Charlene. It's gorgeous."

I turned and looked in the mirror. She was right, it was stunning. 
The garment made me look slender and sexy, thin waisted and big 
busted. The cups lifted my boobs high on my chest and squeezed them 
together, covering them just past my nipples. I never would have worn 
anything like this on my own but I felt my pussy get wet as I 
realized how erotic it was.

"Wow. I'm getting you several of those. That's your new uniform top," 
she said. "You can wear it with a nice skirt and it will be perfect."

As we left the store and headed toward the exit I felt my stomach 
rumble. "Don't forget, Mrs. Winters. You said I could have a snack 
before I went home."

She laughed. "Ok, you can have a snack if you want. Go ahead and find 
someone."

I looked at her, puzzled. "Find someone?"

"Of course. Isn't your favorite snack a nick big cock? I've seen how 
you gobble them up."

I blushed. "Yes, ma'am. I can wait, though. I'm not that hungry."

Sheila gave me a hard stare. "You asked for a snack and I gave you 
permission. Now go find a cock to suck. And hurry. If I have to wait 
around, you'll get paddled tonight."

I quickly scurried away. With no time to waste, I tried the direct 
approach. I slipped onto a bench beside a man. As his eyes widened at 
the sight of my cleavage, I leaned over and whispered in his ear. 
Within thirty seconds we were on our way to his car and he barely 
closed the door before I had his cock out and was licking it to 
erection. He had a nice sized cock, thick and hard, and I have to 
admit it felt pretty good sucking on it.

I savored the taste as I slid my mouth up and down his staff, his 
pre-cum adding flavor as it oozed from the head. When I felt him arch 
up in orgasm, I cupped his balls and hungrily sucked every drop of 
cum from his body, licking my lips clean as he sagged back into the 
cushions.

He begged me to stay but I slipped out, then spotted Sheila parked a 
few rows over.

"You're really getting good, Charlene," she laughed. You didn't even 
muss up your hair. Come on, I'll give you a ride."

When we stopped outside the liquor store I was puzzled for a moment, 
then remembered I had to go in and proposition the clerk. My face 
must have shown my resignation because Sheila warned me, "Don't start 
getting an attitude on me. You do what I tell you and you do it 
promptly. One more day and you've made it to the weekend."

I nodded as I slipped from the car. "Yes, ma'am."

Steeling myself, I entered the store. Good, the same clerk was 
working. As soon as I bent over to look on the bottom shelf, I had 
his attention. He came over to ask if I needed any help, standing 
well behind me so he could stare at my pussy. Pretending I didn't 
know what he was looking at, I kept looking along the shelf and 
talking over my shoulder until I felt his hand on my rear.

Twenty minutes later I was walking down the street again, a load of 
cum in my pussy and a curious tingling in my crotch from a 
disappointing fuck. What was happening to me? Why was I craving an 
orgasm from that pig? Still, I felt unsatisfied and masturbated 
myself to a weak climax when I got home.

When Sheila got home, I had to recount my day's experiences as I 
bathed her and licked her to orgasm. When I told her about fucking 
the clerk, she pulled my head up and slapped my face hard.

"Didn't I tell you to make a date with him? A date means later. I 
don't care what you did this afternoon, I wanted you to arrange 
something for another time. You're so stupid, I can't believe I was 
ever friends with you."

I started crying. "I'm sorry. I'm doing the best I can."

"I'm getting sick of your excuses. You can sleep in the garage from 
now on. You don't deserve the basement. Tomorrow you can mow the lawn 
in your new bikini. Saturday you'll be home and I want you to mow 
your own yard, wearing the same bikini. If you want to act like a 
slut then I'll treat you like one."

I made supper, exercised, then ate Sheila to another orgasm while 
Greg fucked me from behind. Sheila let me go out to the garage after 
that and I was so tired I went right to sleep.

I awoke when someone flipped on the overhead lights. Squinting 
against the sudden brightness, I looked up and saw Lisa standing in 
the doorway, with three other girls standing behind her.

"Awww, what a cozy picture," she gushed. "Got a new boyfriend, 
Charlene?"

I realized I was curled up against Max for warmth again. Sleeping 
naked, it became automatic once I was asleep. I pushed him away and 
sat up. The girls all broke into laughter and I realized what was 
happening.

"You're drunk," I said. "and it's the middle of the night."

"That's right," Lisa confirmed. "We're celebrating."

"Celebrating what?"

"Celebrating I got fired from my stupid job, that's what. We were all 
out and I was telling my friends about our new maid. They didn't 
believe me, so here we are!"

I nodded. More people knew about me. Great.

"I was telling them how much you like to eat pussy," she said. "They 
wanted to see it for themselves. You don't mind, do you?"

I sighed. "No, ma'am."

All four girls pulled off their pants and I went to work. The first 
girl sat on a box and I pushed my head into her crotch, inhaling her 
musky fragrance before I teased her lips with my tongue and pushed it 
into her pussy. After several minutes of licking, she complained to 
Lisa.

"She's not that good at it. I can do a better job with my Water-pik."

"Hang on a second," I heard Lisa reply. Seconds later my ass exploded 
in fire. I screamed into the girl's pussy and starting licking and 
chewing frantically.

"Ohhh, that's better," the girl said. "Keep paddling her."

They spanked me as I ate each girl to an orgasm, then made me get on 
all fours and masturbate myself to orgasm while they paddled me some 
more. By the time we finished my ass was burning and I had to sleep 
on my stomach for the rest of the night.

Friday passed quickly. Dave came over for breakfast (his and mine), 
Lisa moped around the house with a hangover and I quickly finished my 
chores, excited about going home.

After lunch, I donned my bikini and covered every exposed square of 
skin with tanning lotion. Trust me, there was a lot to cover. Lisa 
sunbathed on a chaise as I tottered around on my heels, attracting 
stares from neighbors and motorists alike. I pretended to be 
oblivious but I knew I must have presented a strange picture, my ass 
rolling and my breasts heaving as I pushed the mower back and forth. 
From behind I looked like I was bottomless and the material in front 
kept working its way into my pussy, rubbing my clit and making me 
hornier and hornier. I couldn't wait to get home to Mark.

Several times Lisa had me stop and rub fresh lotion onto her body. 
She had me pay special attention to her breasts and bottom and I 
found myself sliding a finger into her pussy without her telling me 
to. When she pushed gently on my head I dipped it into her crotch, 
licking her to an orgasm as she tanned.

Sheila came home as I was putting the mower away. She was pleased 
with the way I'd spent my day.

"Nice job on the lawn, Charlene. You can go home now."

"Thank you, Mrs. Winters," I started toward the house.

"Just a minute. Where are you going?"

I looked at her, confused. "I was going to go and change before I 
called Mark to come get me."

"I didn't give you permission to use my phone and you don't need to 
change. You're going to need that outfit tomorrow anyway. Start 
walking."

"B-but I can't walk home like this," I protested.

"Then stay here. I really don't care." Sheila turned on her heel and 
entered the house. I sighed and started for home.
