Akiko Shoo-Part 5
Double Exposure
By C. Rose(c)2000
(FFF,FFF)


	Rie had on this 2 piece green suit that set off her hair and drew attention to her vibrant young body and its oversized tits. It hugged her hips snugly and supporting her oversized breasts like a pair of hands showing off her cleavage, she kept looking around nervously from the side of the pool as they swam. She was looking at the water and sitting on the edge of the pool, letting her feet dangle in the water while odd expressions crossed her face every few minutes. 
	
	Akiko had told her over the phone that morning that they would have another get together today and she was more than a little apprehensive, but the look in her eyes as they arrived at the pool had almost made Akiko cream her panties. As always she had to find it within herself the ability to resist the girls delicious innocence, her overpowering sex appeal for Akiko that showed in her every gesture and look. Gods, Akiko loved every second of it and she went out of her way to lead Rie on, even flashing her panty clad ass at Rie while no one was looking in the locker room. Rie had turned beat red and had huge eyes for ten minutes before she gained control of herself again. Ries last encounter, at Akikos apartment, had left Rie a bit breathless and she had been pestering Akiko all week trying to have another session, as she called them. Akiko had been busy with her school work and some of her more interesting after school activities with the club, but she had finally made the time to have another go at Rie this morning. What she had planned would have her screaming into the water.


	Her other friend, Fomia, looked so good that it was all she could do to not ravish her right there in the pool. Getting caught didnt bother Akiko all that much, now that she knew she liked to have an audience. Fomia had on a tiny red and yellow bikini that set off this killer figure that most of the guys in school didnt notice because she usually wore concealing clothing. The thing that ruined the whole outfit was Fomias eyes, she was nearsighted and had to wear glasses all the time. She had on what Akiko considered to be the ugliest pair of underwater glasses every made, they were green and made her look like the biggest geek in school. 

	Akiko was wearing a simple light blue one-piece bathing suit that allowed her to easily conceal her new male parts.  Shed found that if she inserted her limp cock into her own pussy, she could easily conceal its oversized presence. The only drawback that she had found was that it felt a little to good, every time she moved around it would shift around just a little and stimulate her constantly horny pussy and set her to panting. Shed been trying not to get hard all morning by thinking about other things like school and other boring activities, but ever so slowly a light throbbing had begun to make itself known, and she was quickly beginning to go rigid with lust. This was in turn making her just a little bit weird as they played in the pool to day. Luckily the pool didnt have very many people this early in the morning, just a couple of lifeguards and the local swim team who were on the other side of the enclosed pool area swimming laps and practicing drills in the shallower end of the pool. This meant that they had the deep end to themselves, and would give Akiko the perfect opportunity for their next session. Doing it in public was the ultimate thrill and Akiko had become an avid believer in the riskier kinds of outdoor fun the day shed been raped by a complete stranger with the biggest cock shed ever encountered and been given several of the most powerful orgasms that had yet to be surpassed.
	She pranced down the diving board like some kind of teen model, bounced, and sprang into the air with a squeal! Akiko launched off the board and did a perfect cannon ball, she was laughing hysterically, generally making a complete fool of herself, and having a good time. Akikod had to call and beg Rie and Fomia to come to the pool with her today though, Rie especially since it was so early in the morning, 7:20am to be precise. For all the girls begging, getting her out of bed before eight seemed to be almost impossible. Rie had arrived at the pool in mismatched clothing and looking like she had a hangover or something. Akiko had gotten her a couple of pops and breathed a sigh of relief when Rie came out of her half dead state with a polite belch and a giggle. In the locker room Rie had warmed up to her and even admitted that she had been up half the night working on a class project for her computer class. Her mother had packed her swimming stuff today, plopped her on the front porch and told her to go and do something interesting today. Akiko had grinned and hinted that she had plans for today that she would just love...
	With a twist underwater that sent her blonde hair fluttering everywhere, Akiko grinned and kicked her way over to Rie and Fomia, she had every intention of feeling Fomia up as she clutched the wall to stay in place, but she suddenly ran out of air when Fomias hand went between her legs and rubbed her pussy underwater. The air exploded out of her and she burst out of the water behind them, gasping for air, she hadnt expected that! Rie fell over along the edge of the pool and started to laugh at the shocked expression on Akikos face and Fomia turned red as she realized what had happened. This being an enclosed pool, Ries laughter echoed all over the indoor pool, catching the attention of the lifeguards and the swim team at the other end of the pool. 

	Fomia giggled at her own wantonness as she sidled over to Akiko, Akiko, can we do it again? Im so horny Im about to jump a teacher. She whispered and pointed at one of the Lifeguards who doubled as teachers in the hours before and after school. Mrs. Phillips, as the P.E. teacher was helping to train the swim team not 30ft away and Akiko had noticed that she was keeping half an eye on them.
	Lets get Rie instead, its why I came here this early in the morning anyway.
	But, I want you... Fomia whined.
	Oh Fomia, we can do it whenever you want, but...
	Please, Akiko...Im throbbing for you. She whispered, her eyes almost glowing in her lust. She grabbed her crotch again, made a strange face, and Akiko realized that it was a look of intense pleasure.
	On one condition, help me with Rie. Ok?
	Ok! Fomia whispered, grinning in lust. She sank beneath the surface and rubbed Akikos ass before she pushed off the wall.
	This sent as shudder through Akiko, ever since she had transformed, her body seemed to be 10 more sensitive than it had ever been. With a sigh she moved over to where Rie was sitting at the edge of the pool, she started to blush as soon as she realized that Akiko was coming over, unable to conceal her own feelings. Akiko repressed a sigh and forced her self to ignore her throbbing and crammed pussy. She was longing after Rie more than she had ever wanted anyone in her life and she didnt know why. Akikos body was very hard to control now-a-days and she usually jumped at the chance to take a girl to bed as quickly as possible, but Ries beauty had somehow made Akiko discover a way to control her lustful tendencies so that she didnt corrupt her instantly into her strange world of constant sex, this had amazed her more than anything else. 
	Rie, get in here, the water is warm and I want to swim with you.
	Um...its not that, I-I cant swim very well...um...
	We come to the pool all the time for school Rie, Ive seen you swim. I think thought Akiko.
	Not really, I usually stay on the shallow end and just kind of bounce around a little.
	Get in here! Fomia yells as she surfaces in front of Rie, grabs her wrist, and yanks her in with a shriek.
	Rie surfaces, latching onto the wall desperately. She coughs up water and glares at Fomia. That wasnt needed Fomia, I cant swim very well.
	 
	 "Off, don't be mad, it's how I learned.  A single or swim mentality, this thing onto the wall their and float until you get more comfortable.  Akiko and I will teach you something today."  Fomia grinned.
	Akiko had chosen the deep end over the rest of the pool for good reason, this early, the attention of everyone would be focused on the swim team.  In the last 15 minutes the regular lifeguards hadn't even glanced and their directions, Akiko had been keeping a quiet watch on all three of them. Only Mrs. Phillips was watching them and she wouldnt say anything unless they got out of hand.
	"What now?"  Rie asked.
	"Spread your legs and lean against the wall.  It's time for your next lesson to begin."  Akiko whispered in Rie's ear.
	"B-but we're in p-public..." Rie gasped. I t-thought that we were going to do it in the locker room...
	Ducking underwater, Fomia managed to pull Rie's bottom off as Akiko diverted her attention, she reached around and stuffed it down her bikini top.  Surfacing, she leaned against the wall and ran one of her hands across Rie's tight ass under water.  Her face turned a solid red it as she realized where her bottom was and struggled to resist the alluring pull of the sensations along her ass, but her lust, kindled by Akikos strange pull on the girls quickly consumed her.  She let out a quiet moan and got into position as Akiko had directed.  "Like this?"
	"That's perfect."  Fomia said seductively.
	Behind Fomia, Akiko released her trapped cock with a quiet moan, it flowed around in the water limply for several seconds before slipping in between Fomia's legs and looking over her shoulder at Rie and smiling.  Akiko watched her eyes as they showed her lust, Fomias hand moved around and found Ries special place and started to explore around. Rie moaned and pressed against the wall, as her whole body seemed to melt with lust.
	"Rie, you feel soft and warm down here, even warmer than the pool water." Fomia whispered in her ear.
	"Oh God, this feels so...so."
	Keeping an eye out, Akiko rubbed Fomia's breasts and adjusted her bathing suit under water.  Her cock, now rock hard, throbbed as she worked between Fomia's legs and made her gasp quietly.  She reached down and grabbed Akiko by her thick shaft and pulled her suit crotch to the side and let Akiko enter her.  Thrusting forward, Akiko invaded her body to make Fomia croon in right into Ries ear. 
	Losing her balance against the wall, her body and mind were totally focused on the fingers touching her bare her pussy, Rie leaned back against Fomia for support and moaned loudly.  She writhed around and exploded into a sudden powerful orgasm, so intense that she sank below the surface contorting in an orgasmic frenzy.  At the exact same instant Fomia leaned forward and screamed into the water to muffle her ecstasy as Akiko's long, hard thrusts slammed into her over and over again.  Her orgasm came within milliseconds of Rie and she didn't notice the poor girl's predicament.  Holding Fomia close to Akiko whispered in her ear, her lust and excitement audible in her voice.
	"Fomia, I'm close, can I...."
	"God yes!"  Fomia gasps.
	With a shudder, Akiko moans into Fomia's ear and her whole body shudders as she comes, shooting deep into Fomia's pussy and shivering in ecstasy.  Gasping for air for several seconds, Akiko eventually realizes that they are missing one person.  Where was Rie?  Looking around Akiko saw a blurred mass struggling in the water below her.  Cursing, Akiko dove down and grabbed Rie off the bottom of the pool.  They surfaced near the wall and Rie latched onto it like a life preserver gasping for air and clutching Akiko with her other alarm in an almost death blow like hug.
	"I...I...thought I would die down there for a few seconds."
	"It's okay now, don't worry, we just a little carried away." Akiko gasped and gasps in total shock as Rie's hand grabbed her cock.
	"Wha...what is this?  Its huge!"  Rie stuttered.
	"I..." Akiko started, fear clutching at her heart.  To soon!  Her mind screamed at her.
	"It's almost a full long...from below, I couldn't tell what you were doing, but now I understand."
	"Sorry Akiko, but it felt so good I couldn't think straight."  Fomia said, still having little shivers rack her body as she clutched the wall herself.  She retrieved Ries suit bottom and handed to her with a nasty little grin. Rie released Akiko's cock and took the bottom half of her bikini back with a shy smile.
	"Are you always like this?"  Rie pointed at Akiko's waist.
	"We can talk later rye, let's go back to the locker room and get dressed and I'll explain in more detail."  Akiko muttered quietly as she reinserted her limp cock in her own pussy.
	"Yes, lets do that."  Rye said, her eyes smoldering in total fascination.
	To Akiko, she looked dazed or maybe even a little confused, hopefully this little setback in her plans could be overcome without many difficulties.  She could feel Ries eyes watching her every move as they got out of the water, grabbed their towels, and made their way to the girl's locker room. Akiko jumped into the shower when she passed and spent several minutes getting chlorine out of he hair and suit, Rie and Fomia followed suit.  
	"Where did it go?"  Rie asked quietly, even as they make their way back to the lockers where they had stashed thier regular schools for school.
	"What?"  She pulled her stuff out and dumped it on the little ledge and rummaged through her school stuff until she retrieved her underwear. She slowly pulled it on and made sure that Rie and Fomia couldnt see what she had done with her cock, it was convenient, but not all that dignified. The bra came next and she put it on quickly, moving to her skirt, the blouse, and the little brown vest.
	"There's nothing there now, but I felt it..."
	"I've hidden it so that it is not as obvious."  Akiko said as she sat down and slipped on her shoes.
	They all look up as they hear the door to the girl's locker room open and watched as Mrs. Phillips entered and looked around.  She spotted Akiko and came over to them, she smiled and said hi with a little wave.  "Akiko, I forgot to mention this earlier, but the nurse said that she would like to see you whenever you to get down to see her today."
	"I'll stop by after school."  Akiko said as she adjusted the rest of her school uniform and stood up, giving herself a little shake and reaching up to release her hair to let it settle around her like a halo. Fomia and Rie knew that Akiko had some kind of hair fetish, so they sat down and helped her to brush out the giant mass of blond hair. It took about 15 minutes to brush out each others hair, but finally they finished and moved to leave for school and headed out the front door to the center.
	"Akiko!"
	She turned and saw Lita as they were heading back to class.  Waiting, Akiko felt a little thrill go through her as she remembered the orgy that they had experienced just last week.  "Hi, what's up?"
	"Can you meet Anna and me after school?"  Lita gushed, nodding at Fomia and Rie.
	"The club?"
	"Just me and my sister."
	"Where?"
	"At that old shack behind the gym."  Lita whispered in Akiko's ear.
	"Sounds like fun, but I have to stop by and see the nurse first."
	"Okay, well be waiting."
	As they walked back to class Akiko considered what her life had become like lately, she could truthfully say that she wasn't bored with school anymore.  She seemed to be averaging 3 to 7 major orgasms a day now, especially after school in her little get-togethers with the club or the schools nurse Anya.  Just thinking about Anya had Akiko breathing harder and she could feel herself hardening, she hoped that Anya wouldn't tire her all too much.  The dammed woman could give the best blowjobs that Akiko had ever experienced, Akiko grinned, Anya would bath in cum if she could.  Ever since their first time together, Anya had become as un-satiable as she was and Akiko found that she really enjoyed doing it with someone who could go as long as she did. The rest of the club, though a lot of fun, seemed to think that one or two orgasms were enough in any session. Akiko knew better, but she could never convince the rest of them to go beyond what they usually did and it was dammed irritating sometimes.
	Just knowing that Anya wanted to see her made Akiko pant in lust and she spent the rest of the day fantasizing about Anya and some of the things they had done lately.  She barely paid any attention to any of her classes as her dirty mind surged out of control.  By the time her last class of the day finished Akiko was so horny that she was dripping again and left a small puddle on the seat of her chair as she dashed out of the room the instant the bell rang.
	Another girl follows Akiko at a more resigned pace and trying not to call attention to herself.  She has a look of determination and her curiosity is written across her face as she follows Akiko's giant mass a blond hair through the school hallways.  The girl is tall, she has dark red hair and exotic eyes that seemed to burn with an internal flame.  This morning she'd been practicing with this swim team, prowling the deep end of the pool practicing to hold her breath.  She had, come across a sight that nearly made her drown in total shock, three girls having sex.  If that had been shocking enough, especially the bare pussies, the girl with this huge Cock had been the most incredible and erotic sight that she had ever seen. She had been plowing inches apart inches a giant cock into one of the girls, whos ecstasy had been written all over her face as she screamed and moaned into the water. Lust had....
	"Mimi?"
	Mimi jumped, blushing bright red and nearly fell down in shock. Aky, one of her friends, stood behind her with an odd expression on her face and a question in her eyes.  She turned this way and that, her mammoth tits drawing Mimi's attention.  "What are you doing?"
	"N-nothing."
	"Alright, the look on your faces says is something naughty, especially that full face blush that is creeping down her neck. Is it a boy?"
	"D-don't be ridiculous..."
	Aky got right in mini's face with a manic grin, "A girl perhaps?"
	Turning even redder, Mimi backed into the wall, ducked around Aky and dashed off. Aky watched her for several seconds before she started to giggle, whatever Akiko had done to the poor girl had her in a state of panic. She wondered briefly what it could have possibly have been...
	
	Akiko shut and locked the office door, she took a quick look around the place before calling out.  "Anya?"
	"I'm in the lab Akiko, come on over."  Anya's voice came back.
	She made her way across the room, stealthily checking to see if any of the beds are occupied, and finds Anya at her desk lab. To her surprise Anya looks serious about something.  "What's up?"
	"Nothing that bad, I just wanted to know if you would be willing to give me something for an experiment?"
	"What would that be?"
	"I need three things, some of your delicious cum and pussy cream to, and 2cc of blood."
	"What in the world do you need that for?"  Akiko asked, the first two were no problem and she would be more than happy to give them to Anya, but she didn't like to even be near needles so she wanted to know why the blood was needed. The mere sight of a large needle had, in the past, made her faint.
	"Did you know that I used to be a researcher and scientist at a very large corporation that specialized in DNA research and genetics?" 
	"No."
	"I had personal reasons for taking this job, but I still have my research skills and your condition has given me a wicked idea.  I need to three samples to find out if my theory is correct.  Please?"
	Akiko shrugged, "Okay, but you'll have to earn the blood and if you're serious, correct I get to see it in action."
	"Agreed.  How do I earn the blood?"
	Grinning wickedly Akiko reaches up underneath her skirt and pulls her shorts down, steps out of them and lifts up her skirt to show off her gleaming cock standing at attention.  Anya drops to her knees and begins to worship the foot long cock, running her tongue up and down the rigid length and making Akiko moan and shiver. Ten minutes later Akiko hisses as she launches a load of cum down Anya's throat.  They collect a little in small dish and Anya sets it on the desk by a similar dish, she uses this to collect a small amount of Akikos pussy secretions by bringing her to yet another orgasm by eating her pussy.  Before Akiko can stop gasping for air, Anya holds out a small needle and proceeds to take 2cc of blood before Akiko can even complain about it, though she does shudder and moan in fear.
	"I gotta go Doc, I've got a little get together to attend to this afternoon."  Akiko said as she pulled her clothing back on and headed for the door, rubbing a small band-aid that Anya had placed on her arm. She ran into Aky out in the hall just as she was shutting the door.  "Hi Aky!"
	"Akiko, can you sparer a minute?"
	"Sure, walk along with me, I've got to drop these off in my locker." Akiko said holding up a couple of items that Anya had given her.
	"I listened at the door, you make the most beautiful moans as you are coming.  Do you know that?"
	"No, I didn't."  Akiko blushed.
	"Did you know that a girl named Mimi has been following you around all day?  I saw her as she was also listening at the door after you went in, I ran her off before she could hear too much though."
	"I don't know her."  Akiko said after several seconds reflection.
	"Me and her used to be friends, but she's in a higher grade now. She is really shy and quiet and doesn't get out very often, at least that I have ever seen.  It's only been the last year or so that I've begun to notice her practicing with the school swim team and going to more of the school functions then she used to."
	"The swim team?  That may be why she is following me, Fomia, Rie, and I were fooling around at the pool this morning, it got pretty intense."
	"She may know about...." Aky said as she covertly pointed at Akiko's waist.
	"I'll look into it, even if I have to give her a firsthand taste.  Whether she likes it or not."
	"Cool, set up the time for me too.  Mika hasn't been able to shut up about her time with you for days now and I'm getting just a little bit curious to see what I'm missing out on."
	"Sure, but give me some time since I've only been a member of your club for a few days now.  I've got something planned this weekend with Rie, but maybe sometime next week we can set something up."  Akiko waved goodbye to Aky as soon as they reached the main entrance to the school. She made her way around the gym and quickly spotted the old storage shed, it had a notorious reputation around the school for being a drug hang out. In her early day of school here, Akiko had found out the truth about the place. It was actually a club hangout used by the tough girls for their late night romps with their boyfriends.
	She had only been there a couple of times in the entire time she had been going to this particular school, but the old building looked as if it hadn't been used in years.  Akiko knew that everyone who talked about this old building had told some pretty scary stories, though she knew this to be lies to throw others off the track.  Some were ghost stories, some were jokes, and all were meant to keep the unwanted away from the place.  She grinned as she approached the building, and figured that the place had the perfect reputation to keep unwanted eyes away while everyone else played.
	The door slid open as she approached and Lita waved her inside.  To her amazement, the building turned out to be what it looked like, an old storage shed for worn out of P.E. equipment, mats, old football equipment, and anything else that the school didn't want.  Laid out on the floor were several small practice mats and blankets, she also detected the faint smell that she had come to recognize over the last week, sexual arousal permeated the entire room.  
	I take it you use this place quite often?
	"Oh yes, three or four times a week."  Said Lita.
	"How could you tell?"  Asked Anna.  If
	"This whole place smells like something that I've become very used to over the last week or so, sexual arousal, it's quite strong, can't you smell it to?"
	"Um...heh...no, I guess purchase used to it since were back here so often."
	This was the first time that Akiko had ever seen both girls up close and alone.  Her memory of a few days ago, during the all-night orgy, was mostly a lust filled blur.  She could remember most of what was done to her, but not who had done what.
	"Hah! I told you we should have opened up the Windows after we leave Lita." Anna giggles.
	"But Anna, someone would notice that for sure."
	"So, this place was pretty stagnant when we first started to use it.  Hardly anyone comes back here, but opening them would certainly cause problems we dont know how to deal with.  Now that Akiko has pointed out, even I'm surprised I haven't noticed before." Anna said, winking at Akiko.
	As usual, Akiko could feel her or need for sex growing stronger by the minute.  She had two beautiful, identical girls here, both more than willing to give themselves to her.  So Akiko grabbed Lita and pushed her down on the mat and began to kiss her for all she was worth, to get things started for the night.  Anna started to say something, shrugged, and kneeled down beside them.  She removed her vest and shirt even as Akiko was unbuttoning Lita shirt to reveal her breasts.  As she licked and kissed Lita's neck area, Anna pushed Akiko's skirt up out of the way and pulled the brown panties down.  Anna starred in wonder at Akiko's bottom, her pussy jutted out a little farther or the most girls, but next to that Akiko's cock hung down in all its glory.  It could be seen slowly rising as Akiko hardened to her full length. Her eyes traced the hard length to its base and she saw something odd, she reached out stroke it and examine it.
	With a sigh of pleasure Lita felt her nipples start to tingle as Akiko worked them over, through half open eyes she could make out her sister as she did something to Akiko from behind.  Whatever it was, Akiko shuddered violently and moaned loudly.  
	"What in the world are you doing?"
	"You've got something-strange back here, I just licked it."
	"At the base of my cock?"
	"Yes, it's like a little pocket of flesh, what's it for?"
	"I don't know, but keep doing it.  It feels great."  Akiko purred.
	She hadn't really taken a good look at her new equipment since she got it, sure it got plenty of use and all that, but she had never really given herself an up close examination.  Akiko decided to look into it later though, her lust making her lose the trail of her thoughts as Anna probed the base of her cock. Strong flashes of pleasure kept making her hips jump, her cock now stood out straight and hard ready for whatever she wanted to use it for.
	"Akiko, your body is the strangest I've ever encountered.  Youve got little trails of liquid streaming out of the base of your cock now.  It tastes just like your pussy, but makes my tingle as I touch you." Anna said in amazement. Akiko could only moan and shutter in response.
	Moving down, Anna licked Akiko's hard cock from the base to the very tip, loving every second of it.  True hermorphadites were actually pretty rare, still, so Anna knew something odd was happening, but she just couldn't figure out what.  As she worked, her pussy had begun to throb and pulse in intense pleasure, demanding attention. Anna moaned and tried to focus on what she was doing, but she wanted to cum so badly that she had to reach down and touch herself. Her fingers slipped down the band of her panties, brushed her wet pubic hair, and plunged into he pussy sending her senses into overload territory.   
	Akiko, kissing her way down Litas stomach paused to lick her cute belly button, she could barely think or concentrate because of what Anna's mouth and fingers were doing behind her.  Though she hadn't come yet, Akiko could feel something building inside her and knew that this would be different than anything she had experienced yet.  Her heart was racing and her breathing was coming in ragged gasps, her hips moving around on their own.  She slowly reached under Lita's skirt and pulled her panties down, they were the type that were tied around the hips and were completely soiled by her excitement.  Akiko undid them and tossed them to the side after holding them to her nose and taking a good sniff and smiling at Lita from under her eyelashes.
	  From her vantage point the she could see Akiko kissing the inside thigh of her sister, Lita's pussy was dripping wet and bright red.  Anna started to suck on the loose folds of skin at the base of Akiko's equipment and pushed a finger into the gaping pussy above it, this made Akiko gasp and open her legs wider as a fine stream of liquid began to dribble out and coat Anna's hand. 
	Her eyes were beginning to roll up into her head as wave after wave of pure ecstasy tried to consume her entirely.  Whatever this fold of skin was at the base of her cock, it seemed to be directly connected to the most sensitive parts of her pussy.  It may have even been a to direct pathway to her clitoris.  With a grunt and a shudder Akiko leaned forward and latched her mouth onto Litas pussy and shoved her tongue in as far as it would go, they moaned in unison. Flicking her tongue, Akiko picked up the speed until she made Lita screech and shudder violently.
	With a loud gasp Anna felt her first orgasm hit and it made her whole body convulse, she was barely able to suppress a scream of ecstasy.  Never in her wife had she felt anything like this, it made her usual orgasms seem almost poultry by comparison.  Dimly, she understood that her strange reactions had something to do with Akiko's strange situation, and yet they didn't seem to matter.  She wanted sex and all its dirty glory, all 11 inches of Akiko's incredible manhood. 
	Lita could barely think as her whole body shuddered with pleasure and Akikos talented tongue did its work.  A tingling sensation had spread out from Lita's pussy until her toes were beginning to curl as she unconsciously arched her back and emitted a loud squeal.  Then with another screech of ecstasy Lita came, nearly throwing Akiko off as she completely lost control, Akiko found in the excitement that Lita was one of those rare girls that could ejaculate, she sprayed juices down Akiko's throat and quickly filled her mouth faster than she could swallow and so she had to let it dribble off her chin.
	Sighing in relief, Akiko sat up and looked over at Anna, a few seconds ago she had stopped working on her, but from the looks of things she was too lost in her own orgasm to do anything else.  The girl's fingers were flying as she writhed around in ecstasy, looking at Lita Akiko could tell that she would need a few minutes to recover so she crawled over to Anna.
	"Are you ready?"
	"Please hurry, I've never felt this hot before."  Anna pleaded.
	Pushing Anna back, Akiko put her legs over her shoulders and positioned her monster cock at the entrance to her pussy.  Akiko loved this part, the look of anticipation on her lovers faces as she plowed into then.  Even the gasps of pleasure and primal noises the girls made as she built up the intensity of the invasion.  It made her feel powerful and in control, slowly, ever so slowly, she started to push forward and watched Anna's face. Her eyes went wide as Akiko entered her, tears of pain and pleasure went down her cheeks and her head fell back and a long moan issued from the back of her throat.
	It felt incredible!  Anna had talked to Mika to about it, but her description of the pure ecstasy just couldn't be described properly.  Fomia had tried, but all she been able to do was blush and drool about it.  Now Anna understood why, once you felt it, no man could ever compare again.  Her pussy was on fire, Akiko was pushing her cock deeper and deeper, and she had become so wet that a little puddle had begun to form on the floor around her ass.  All Anna could do was claw Akiko's ass and back as deep thrust after thrust mercilessly plowed forward. Barely able to think, she watched Akiko's face, her eyes were closed and she was giving everything her incredible body had to please her.  
	She suddenly realized that all of them had been in such a hurry that none of them were even naked yet, still, that wasn't as fascinating as watching Akiko's monster plow into her own pussy.  Every thrust one and so deep that it was tapping the entrance to her cervix, and Anna could see a small amount of that liquid seeping out around the base of Akiko's cock and mixing with her own juices with every deep thrust.  Suddenly Anna and gasped and fell back as a surge of pleasure caused her pussy to tingle, her orgasm hit and her mind when blank and she screamed at the top of her lungs.  Then a second and even a third orgasm hit her like a bolts of lightning and caused her grasping hands to rip out the back of Akiko's uniform as she screamed again and completely lost control of her body.  Akiko buried herself and let out a growl of pleasure and collapsed on top of her, they could both feel the cum as stream after stream of it filled her up, dripped out, and dribbled down her ass.
	Kissing Anna passionately, Akiko sat up and pulled out as gently as she could.  Like releasing a cork, cum and pussy juice seeped out in a flood all over the floor.  Lita dove in hand began to lick up off the floor and made her way over to her sisters pussy to clean her up.  Akiko watched as she quickly brought Anna to another quick orgasm, this gave Akiko the few minutes she needed to recover.  Crawling up behind that Lita, Akiko twisted around and began eating her pussy again.  Lita almost jumped off the floor when Akiko's tongue touched her, and to Akiko's surprise both girls moaned in exactly the same way, at the same time.  Working her way up, Akiko spread Litas ass cheeks and stuck the tip of her tongue into her ass and made her squeal in surprise.  When she felt ready, Akiko crawled to her knees and positioned her cock to thrust into Lita's pussy. She barely gave Lita any warning as she pressed forward.  Lita gasped and started to moan as Akiko shoved her way inside. Anna watched her sisters face as Akiko started to thrust,  at first she saw only the lust and pleasure that any girl experienced with a cock as big as Akikos, but soon that changed as Lita's eyes went from surprised into a kind of glazed ecstasy as she completely surrendered to Akikos movements.
	I never...thought it would...feel like...this.  She gasped out.  
	Then Akiko started to pick up the pace and slam into her, Lita cried out as her pussy blossomed into an inferno of ecstasy.  Within seconds she was face down on the mat and grunting every time Akiko slammed into her and her fingers gripped the edge of the mat like a lifeline.  "Oh God, oh God, oh God, oh God, oh God..."
	Lita had her second orgasm course through her and she fell over shuddering as her whole world dissolved into an orgasmic stupor that left her completely destroyed and having orgasmic like aftershocks that went through her for several minutes.  Anna pulled her shuddering sister up and held her in her arms until Lita simply fainted a few seconds later.  "Mika and Fomia told as you were good at this Akiko, but I've never experienced anything like this.  It's almost scary."  Anna said in a whisperer as she looked at Akiko in awe.
	"Oh come on, I'm not that good yet."  Akiko said shyly.
	"No, your better than good.  Lita and I can usually do this all night with each other or the guys, experiencing dozens of orgasms.  In less than a hour you have managed to wipe us out with only a couple incredibly strong orgasms, weve got nothing left to give you and yet I can tell you, I want more."
	Then lets keep going, I didnt even come with Lita and I was hoping one of you might have a strap on so that I could get off.
	"We didn't bring any, we usually don't need them since we prefer the hands-on techniques."
	Still very horny, Akiko shrugged in disappointment and leaned back against the wall, reached down she began to masturbate in her own unique way.  Three fingers buried in her pussy as her other hand pumped her cock savagely.  She quickly approached an orgasm as Anna tiredly crawled over and began to give her a blowjob, Akiko continued to work her pussy.  Suddenly Anna wrapped her lips around the head and gave a good hard suck that made Akiko gasp and arch back, this sent Akiko over the edge quickly and her pussy heaved as she convulsed and shot cum down Anna's throat.  After what seemed like hours, Akiko fell over and just gasped for air. She could feel her body relaxing and she gave Anna a kiss that lasted for several minutes as they passed her cum.  They broke off with a giggle, each licking their own lips suggestively, fire burning in their eyes.
	"You're totally insatiable arent you?"  Anna said.
	"So far, yes."
	Akiko could feel herself growing soft, grasping her cock Akiko moved around and leaned forward to examine its base carefully.  She'd never noticed, but the top edge of her pussy had flared out to surround the base of her cock.  Like her pussy, it could be stretched out quite a bit and to her surprise she could see that her cock looked like it still had several inches left inside the strange flesh pocket.  
	"Weird." She muttered, sticking a couple of fingers in as far as they would go. The inside walls were as silky smooth as her pussy and she could feel the wetness that her cock was resting in. Pumping her fingers felt good, but nothing like her pussy, she pulled them out to sniff and taste the liquid. Anna saw what she was doing and giggled, making Akiko stop and blush in embarrassment.
	"I know, I noticed earlier that I could push my finger and all the way and not touch the bottom."
	"Its like a second pussy with a big Dick sticking out of it." Akiko muttered to herself.  Her probing had started to feel good around the edges so she stuck her finger inside a little deeper and felt around.  She could feel the super strong muscles just under the skin as they contracted around her probing finger, this made her cock flopped around.  
	You know, I think it might be a sheath or something.
	"Why is that?"
	"It's pretty deep and your cock is sticking out of it.  It also gets wet like your pussy so that means it's lubricated for some reason and I was just thinking out loud that it might be so that you could pull up inside, or something."
	"I don't know..." A retractable cock, she thought silently.
	"Come, come Akiko, you'll never know unless you try and I think I'm right.  Your muscle structure is a little different than us normal girl's as well, so I bet that you can contract your muscles and pull it inside your body."
	"Well..." Akiko hesitated.
	"It would solve a lot of your problems wouldn't it?"
	Akiko shrugged, it made strange sort of sense any way.  The only problem she could find was that she didn't know how to even try.  She tensed her muscles and felt something shift, she didnt know what do.  On her second try she relaxed the muscles around her pussy and focused on her cock, instead of pulling inside it actually pushed out about an inch more and began to harden.  "Drat!"
	"Were close, I knew it!" Annas said as eyes went wide and she realized that Akiko now had a foot long cock.
	"Now what?"
	"Hmm...try to relax in contract those muscles that stop your urine when you pee.  You can feel them contract back when you use them.
	With a nod Akiko relaxed and tryied to do it the way Anna suggested, at first nothing happened, but then slowly she could feel her cock starting to move backwards.  Anna gasped in amazement as inch by slow inch it slid back into the flesh pocket.  As it pulled inside it rubbed against the overly sensitive skin around the base and caused Akiko to get excited again. It took nearly three minutes to pull it inside, balls and all, and it was a very snug fit, but somehow Akiko knew that Anna had found something important and Akiko wanted to hug her.  By this time Akiko's excitement was making her pant in anticipation of something, she reached out and hugged Anna, then she felt her up and kissed her for good measure. For the first time in 2 weeks she looked normal again.
	Almost nothing of her cock showed, just the strange shape of the top of her pussy as it flared outward.  She quickly adjusted to the new feel of her equipment as it rested nearer her intestines, "Anna, would you please lick me?  I'm really horny again."
	Anna was totally exhausted, but she went down on Akiko, who was very, very wet.  This time Akikos pussy seemed to have taken on a different taste with the consistency of honey, she lapped it up like milk.  Every lap of her tongue came up with a little sticky cream and sent a chill down her spine directly to her pussy and Anna moved her free hand down to touch herself.  For some reason that Anna couldn't figure, she felt even more sensitive than she ever had before.  Within seconds she couldn't stop moaning as she soared to new heights of pleasure.  Her back arched as she writhed, her long blonde hair flawing.  Soon that familiar throbbing started deep within her, and Anna latched onto her clitoris, Akiko screamed as she suddenly came in the most careful orgasms she had yet experienced.  Her whole world lurched out of focus as she thrashed around completely out of control. 
	Anna sits up with a giggle and wipes her face and lick her fingers, her entire face, neck, and breasts are covered in Akiko cream.  It makes her glisten beautifully in the rooms low light and was a sigh of contentment Akiko rolls to her feet and begins to straighten her clothing, Anna soon follow suit. They watch each other, resisting the urge to continue even though they wanted too.
	"What about Lita?"
	"I'll wake her up in a little while, don't worry about it, its just going to take awhile to adjust to the intensity of the orgasms you create."
	"It must have something to do with what Anya told me the other day."  Akiko muttered, thinking back.
	"What's that?"
	"She said that my cum had special properties that it would make my sexual partners especially horny for a few days afterward."
	"How horny."  Anna asks quietly.
	"She didn't really give me any specifics, why?"
	"You just came in both of us..."
	"Anya did say that my cum was impotent because of the change in my body.  I wouldnt worry about it too much, everyone in this group seems to be unusually horny anyway, it cant be all that hard to control.  Anya hasn't actually jumped me yet and Mika and Fomia have both been acting normally lately so I don't think its anything really unusual."
	"Oh, what about Rie?"
	"I haven't actually fucked her yet."
	Suddenly Litas pager started to beep and Anna traced it to her gym bag.  She checked it and turned off. "We have to go Akiko, it 6 PM and our parents have us keep a pretty  tight schedule during the week. We almost got expelled for our little forays into the boys locker rooms and they had to call our parents, ever since them we have been on a short leash."
	"Mine are just the opposite, I haven't seen them in days now.  They just up and vanish sometimes, and leave, telling me to take care of things while they're gone.  It's pretty lonely sometimes."
	"That's so sad."
	"I've gotten used to it."  Akiko shrugs, looking away.
	They should Lita awake, cracked a window, and left.  They kissed each other goodbye, promised to meet each other more often and dashed off. From out of the shadows behind the old building steps a red haired girl.  Her name is Mimi and she's been following Akiko around all day.  "A true hermorphadite, right here in our own school and she's absolutely adorable."  Mimi says out loud and blushes.  She couldn't figure why, but something about Akiko was bringing out her perverted side, the side that she usually ignored.


To Be Continued...


