     Author: SM
     Title: Buxom Mother and Daughter
     Part: 7
     Universe: SM, Buxom Mother and Daughter
     Summary: Big-boobed mother and daughter move in across the breezeway from Greg, who goes over to offer to help.  To his surprise, they want his help in many intimate ways, and so the fun begins.
     Keywords: MF+, FF, light m-dom/slave, f-dom/slave, M/F 
     Language: English
     
     Buxom Mother and Daughter Part 7
     (MF+, FF, light m-dom/slave, f-dom/slave, M/F)
     By SM
     This is a work of fiction for adult entertainment.  You know the drill, if you're too young, or it's illegal where you live, and all that, then don't read it.  How hard can it be to understand that?  
     Ok, if it's hard, then just skip this story anyway, just to be on the safe side.
     On the other hand, if you want to, you can leave a message at the beep.  BEEEP  
     And if you tried to leave a message, don't read this story, either.  
     
     You will need to read the first parts to get the flow of this story, so if you haven't, go to http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Buxom_Mother_and_Daughter_Series/.  If there is enough interest, going by the comments, I'll continue.
     
     The dream was about all 5 of His slaves dancing like Michelle had at the nude bar, and pieces of their clothes were flying around the room after they had torn them off.  When the clothes touched anything, they turned into porno magazine pages, although the figures on each of the pages moved like a Harry Potter movie.  Lactating boobs were being sucked for milk, and thighs were glistening with pussy juices as they humped up and down on his cock, while he was sucking on her tongue.  He woke up to Cheryl's French kiss, although in real life, she was sucking on his tongue.  He was not disappointed.
     "Mmmmmmm . . . good morning, My Master," Cheryl said as she broke the kiss, her eyes bright and happy.  "Have I told you how much I love you today yet?"  Her body was draped over his, and he could feel her boobs on his chest and her bush against his leg.
     He laughed.  "Well, yes and no.  But you can tell me again, pet."
     "I love you muches and muches and bunches and bunches and more than words can say, Master," she said, kissing him on the lips.
     "I love you  . . . oh, I don't know how many muches . . . or how many bunches, either, pet . . . lots and lots . . .  words could probably say it, but it would take decades to say them all, and you'd get bored hearing all those words," he replied, smiling back at her.
     "Oh, I don't know.  I may not get bored hearing all of them.  How' bout we try that?" She giggled.
     "Ok . . . I don't think I have anything else to do for the next couple of decades," he sighed in an exaggeratedly fake bland voice.  She slapped him on the arm, and they both laughed until she kissed him again, snuggling and rubbing her body on his skin.
       
     Of course it was Candi who texted him at about 10am, asking if `Master Greg and Mistress Cheryl' would like to come over for breakfast.  He was hungry by then, so he texted back, "sounds good."
     "Master, may I call you?"
     "Ok"  So, his cell phone rang.
     "Hello, my slave Candi."
     "Hello, Master.  Uhm . . . I was hoping I could wash you in the shower this morning.  Alice went with her mom to the store, so she's not here, and so  . . . I was hoping . . . " her voice trailed off.
     "Well, you'll have to come over here then, and you might ask my wife if she would like that, too."
     "May I speak with her, please?"  Candi's voice sounded very bright with that idea.
     "Sure," and he handed the phone to Cheryl.  He was only mildly surprised with he heard his wife accept the Candi's offer of washing her in the shower.  She told Candi that she'd let her in the front door, said goodbye and hung up.  She got up and went and unlocked the front door.  When she came back into the bedroom, she wasn't alone.  Candi and Melissa were with her, bringing a coffee carafe, a tray of coffee cups and spoons, with rum in the glass creamer cup for Greg, and all kinds of coffee flavor and sweetener for Cheryl.  Candi wasn't naked, but she was wearing a very light almost see-thru shift, which didn't hide her boobs or her erect nipples very well, and Greg could even see the shape of her bush through it.  Hopefully, nobody was out in the breezeway to be offended by her near-nudity.  
     "Which of you wants to go first?" Candi asked brightly, after they had greeted them and set the coffee trays down.  She was also carrying a bag full of what looked like oil and soap and shampoo.   Melissa bowed, asked to be excused, and went to cook breakfast.
     Greg was feeling rather comfortable, so he looked at Cheryl and lifted his head in a gesture toward Candi, "you can go first, babe."  Cheryl groaned and tried to get up off the bed, getting tangled in the sheet and bedspread.  Candi ran forward and helped her, and they giggled, and finally she got out from under the bedclothes and Candi ushered her into the bathroom.  On her way out, Candi turned and said, "I'm sorry, Master, this might take awhile, but I'll be back as soon as I can, Master, Sir."
     Greg got up and used the  bath which was just off from the bedroom, and then returned to lie down and have a cup of coffee and then another one with rum, while listening to an interesting variety of sounds from the shower.  He could hear Cheryl laughing a good bit at Candi's remarks, even though he couldn't hear the words themselves.  And it appeared that somewhere in there, Cheryl squealed like she usually did while she was having an orgasm.  He heard the shower cut off, and then there were sounds of giggling and water running in the sink and so on.
     Eventually, Cheryl walked smiling back into the bedroom, her hair wrapped in a towel, the skin on her body looking shiny, with Candi close behind rubbing some kind of oil on her back.  Greg scooted over and she lay down beside him, while Candi continued to rub the oil all the way down her legs and on her feet.  Apparently her front side was already covered, so when she was done, she looked at Greg and smiled.
     "I take it that it's my turn now," he grinned.  She nodded, and he groaned as he started to get up.
     "You'll feel MUCH better after your shower, Master," she said brightly.
     "She's right . . . I feel so much better, I may fall back asleep," Cheryl said into her pillow.  Greg just laughed and hobbled into the bathroom and into the shower.
     Candi was very loving and washed every inch of his body, humming happily to herself and kissing his skin from time to time.  After he was thoroughly clean, she looked up at him, "Master?  Do you want me to give you a handjob?  I've never given anyone one . . . or I could suck you off . . . or you could cum in my hair?  I heard it would make my hair shinier."
     Greg noted that this was a rather unusual list.  He didn't remember a time when he'd been asked those 3 particular choices before in one breath, so he chuckled a bit.  He reached down to where she was on her knees and pulled her up and gave her a big hug and a kiss on the lips.  She seemed surprised, but happy at this.
     "Hrmmmm . . . those are very good choices, all of them . . . hard to choose only one."
     "Maybe we could do all three, Master?"
     He laughed.  "Likely so, but not all one time in one shower, my pet.  How about you give me a handjob this morning, since that will be a new experience for you.  But, let me sit down over there for that," he said, indicating a stool by the wall outside of the shower.
     "Yes, Master!" she said brightly, obviously excited.  After she had helped him sit down, she went quickly to her bag and got out some mineral oil and a hand-cloth.  She knelt down in front of him and poured some oil on her hands and began to rub his cock and balls with it.
     As he suspected, she was much too enthusiastic at first, pumping up and down very fast, so he had to reach down and catch her wrist to slow her down.  "Pet?"
     "Yes, Master?"
     "It seems I need to teach you some things about giving me a hand job."
     "Ok, Master . . . Yes, please teach me." Her voice was humble, almost plaintive.
     "Well, first of all, remember that the mind is the greatest and most powerful sex organ."
     "It is? . . . uhm . . . I'm not sure I understand, Master."
     "Hrmmm . . . stand up, my pet.  Let me show you, then."   She stood up, her ample boobs jiggling a bit, naked and wet.
     "Close your eyes, and take 3 deep breaths, and try to clear your mind and just give yourself over to the feelings."  She closed her eyes, took the 3 deep breaths and he could see that she was trying to clear her mind.  
     He started lightly stroking the top of her neck, across her collar bone toward her shoulder, then the same on the other side.  She shivered, obviously enjoying his touch.  He leaned forward by her ear.
     "You're very beautiful, my pet," he said very softly.  She licked her lips, which suddenly appeared to be dry.
     "Thank you, Sir," she whispered.  He slowly, very slowly, moved his fingers down and touched featherlike on the top of her boobs.  She hissed as she breathed inward in surprise and arousal with the first few touches, then she breathed out like she was trying to control her excitement, focusing on where he was going to touch her next.  He moved down even more, slowly feather-touching near her nipples on both sides, and leaned forward and breathed on each of her nipples without touching them.  
     "HuhH," her voice caught a bit.
     "Your tits are very sexy, and I can hardly wait until I rub them and suck on them . . . and then I want so much to feel where your panties cover your thighs, . . . and your pussy," he whispered, as he continued down very slowly without even touching her nipples directly, feather touch, down her front, her stomach, the top of her waist where the elastic band of her panties usually held tightly, touching especially on that sensitive spot at the bend in her thigh.  "That hidden place where only a lover can touch, only a lover can see."  Slowly, slowly, his touch moved down into her bush gently stroking her pussy hair, teasing a bit.  She swallowed, her breath growing more rapid.
     He gently touched her pussy lips, which were already swollen in anticipation.  She unconsciously moved her hips toward his fingers, her desire taking control of the muscles of her thighs.
     His voice was still a whisper.  "So, My pet.  So, you want Me to take you, don't you?" 
     "Yes, Master," she whispered back, trembling as she swallowed again.
     "Your body is Mine now, isn't it?" 
     "OH, YES, Master!" she whispered, although with more intensity.
     He touched her very lightly on her cunt lips, and she shivered and her thighs started to tremble.  She grabbed his hand involuntarily, pulling it toward her open pussy.  He resisted.
     "May I cum, Master? . . ." she whispered, swallowing again.  "Please, please, please . . . " her voice pleading.
     "Yes, pet."
     He caught her before she hit the floor and laid her down on the bathroom rug, but it took her some time to recover.  Her face had turned a bit pale, so he got a small cup of water and put it to her lips.  Her mouth sucked on it, so he bent her head up so she could drink.  Her eyes opened, first a bit unfocussed and then she looked startled.
     "Oh, MY GOD, MASTER!  That was unbelievable!"  her voice was hoarse, almost squeaky like she could barely talk.  He gave her some more water, and a chance to get her breath and find some focus again.
     "Well, now you might understand what I meant.  The mind is the biggest sex organ.  I barely touched you.  I didn't even have to command you to cum.  I just gave you permission when you asked."
     "Oh, my god, Master.  WOW!. . . . yeah, I see what you mean . . . I don't know how you did it, but yeah . . . wow."
     "If you like, we can talk about how you would to do that with a handjob or a blowjob."
     "Wow . . . yes, please, Master.  I want to learn that.  Please, Master, Sir."
     
     "It seems that you've been wanting things a bit faster than we can arrange them, my pet," Greg told her.  "I don't mind you asking for things, but you'll have to be patient for me to do everything you want to do."
     "Yes, Master," she replied.  "I really don't mind waiting.  I've just been so excited that I have a real Master and a real lover that I want everything all at once . . . I'm sorry about that, Master."
     "That's ok with me.  I just don't want you to get discouraged that we don't get to do all the things I've said we can do right away.  We'll get to them all eventually, but it will take awhile.  Real relationships are like that, after all, you know."
     "I'm not discouraged at ALL, Master!  You've shown me tons of stuff already that I never even knew could happen."  She smiled at him brightly.  "And, just knowing how much you notice me and try to do the stuff I ask is  . . . well . . . no other guy has been able to put up with me an' my big mouth . . . so . . . you . . .."  Tears came to her eyes and her voice choked up, so instead of trying to finish, she just hugged him and cried on his shoulder.  He patted her back awkwardly, since that's all he could do anyway.
     
     "DA's office.  This is Steve.  Can I help you?"
     "Hi, guy . . . it's Greg.  How's it going over at the DA's office today?"
     "HEY! It's good, man. Well, tons of work to do, but it's good to hear from you.  How's Mich- uhm . . . everyone?"
     "Doin' great! . . . we were hoping you could come over for dinner some evening soon--even tonight, if you're not busy.  It's short notice, so don't worry about it if tonight doesn't work for you. We can do it some other night."
     "Busy?  I'm only busy at work, and that's all the time when I'm at work.  But, after work?  Are you kidding? Just grab some fast food and sit around and watch the tube . . . been bored out of my skull at the house for a long time."  He paused.  "To tell you the truth, it's been even worse since last  . . . well, you know . . . since I met her-uh-you folks.  I can hardly stand it, at home."  He sounded wistful.
     "Well, don't feel alone, guy.  There's this blonde gal hanging around here that has been moping around like she's lost her hairdo or somethin' . . . you'd think the raise she got recently would have helped a bit, but, noooo."
     "No kidding?"
     "Word has it that she's missing some guy she met recently, dunno' who," Greg said, tongue-in-cheek.
     "No kidding?"
     "Yeah . . . I think his name is Sven or Steve or somethin' . . . probably Scandinavian.  Word has it she met him at a nude bar, gawd'elp'us," Greg said, even his voice sounded like he was smiling.  "Ain't that a story, huh?"
     "No kidding?"
     "I think your answering machine is broken, it's repeating."  Greg laughed out loud softly.  "Yeah, guy . . . want to come over for dinner?"
     "What time?"
     "6:30 . . . although, we'll eat around 7ish, after drinks."
     "See you then."
     "I take it you mean tonight?"
     "Would hate to have her worry too long about her hairdo."
     Greg just laughed, gave him the address, and hung up.
     Even though the rest of them didn't exactly know what Greg and Steve had said, her hairdo was the focus of a great deal of conversation for the following hours leading up to dinner.  The debate was rather out of Greg's prevue, since he had always been of the mind that after he'd showered and run a comb through his hair every morning, it would probably be good for the day, and in a pinch could go several days.  As for hair color, he hadn't the foggiest idea what the difference was between champagne blonde and medium ash blonde or even light natural blonde, and that likely would remain a mystery to him since he had 5 sexy women around to attend to that.  Good thing, too, for this particular evening.
     When Steve arrived, Michelle opened the door wearing her collar (with no leash), a light blue low-cut top with matching light blue thigh-length skirt and stockings, curls of her blonde hair dangling on each side of her face, gold earrings, and a blush, not necessarily in that order.  Greg was mildly curious about whether she was wearing panties, as that had been a topic between all the women for about 30 minutes or so, but he'd never heard what they'd decided.  She was wearing a blue push-up half-bra, though--that much he knew.  Her eyes were demurely looking down at Steve's feet, and she bowed to him, "Please come in, Sir."
     Steve stepped in and just looked at her.  His mouth dropped open about half-way, but he just stood there looking at her with one arm behind his back.  The silence lasted long enough to be awkwardly noticeable.
     "Hiya' Steve," Greg said to break the awkward moment.  "Come on in, friend."
     Steve grinned, startled out of his reverie and brought the crystal candle out from behind his back.  It was a hollow taper, an oil candle, with a white wick, a beautiful glass flower at its base.  He handed it to Michelle.
     "Ooooooooooooooh" all the women in the room cooed in unison, not the least of whom was Michelle, who reached out with trembling hands, cradling it carefully.  Tears came to her eyes and she looked at Steve, whose face was almost as blushed as hers.  
     "<ahem> . . . I thought I'd . . . uhm . . . well, I have been up a lot at night lately, and uhm . . . it's pretty lonely sometimes . . . I thought . . . and a candle is beautiful in the dark, and well . . . <ahem> . . . you sort of showed up out of the dark like a beautiful light for me, and  . . . uhm . . . " his voice trailed off, as she turned and set the crystal candle carefully and gently down on a nearby shelf before she reached out to hug and kiss him like her life depended on it.
     "Oooooooooooooh," the rest of the women cooed again.  Greg caught himself just in time before he joined in on the chorus.
     
     The oil candle gleamed brightly on the table just between their plates, and Greg noticed how many shades of gold reflected from both her eyes and her hair.  He had thought previously that she wasn't all that good-looking, but he revised his opinion, realizing that he had made that judgment unfairly, when she had been full of frustration and anger at being rejected and unwanted.  He reminded himself that beauty, real beauty, is an expression of the heart, not of shapes of the body or face.  And beauty had been born that night, no doubt about it.
        Dinner was fun, actually, although Greg didn't think that either Steve or Michelle tasted anything they ate.  They spent a lot of time blushing like a pair of teenagers, which Greg found rather humorous, knowing they were both in their 40's.  Greg himself, on the other hand, found the steak and shrimp to taste exceptionally well, along with the broccoli with cheese sauce, sauted mushrooms, red potato quarters cooked in parsley and butter, as well as the merlot to go with it.  After all, he had cooked it all--except for dissert, which was unfortunately store-bought apple sherbet.  Also, it had given him something to do while the women were fussing around to and fro about Michelle's hairdo and clothing choices.
     He had been distracted several times as he cooked, however, by naked or nearly naked women walking by, trying on purple thongs, or a black bra with purple trim, and the like.  Or, maybe it was lavender.  He was never quite clear on that.
     Afterwards, they moved to the living room area of the apartment, as Candi and Alice had volunteered to clean up the dishes.  Cheryl had put on a delightful light purple--or lavender--patterned pantsuit for the occasion, her brunette hair curled around her face, and she sat on his left, as Greg had indicated Steve to sit on his right, with Michelle at his feet slightly to his right, leaning against his leg.  Melissa took position on the floor between his legs facing sideways towards Steve, wearing what he thought was her turquoise low-cut blouse with matching skirt and panties (he knew the color of her panties only because she'd showed them to him while he was cooking, asking his opinion)--although, in the end she may have finally settled on her `bottle green' outfit (a color he's never heard of before).  He had no idea how to tell the difference between those colors, anyway.  All of the women were wearing their collars, without leashes.
     "Great food," Steve said, sipping an after dinner Calvados.
     "Thank you.  We're glad you could come over at last minute."
     "It's been nice to meet Melissa and Candi and Alice."  At that moment, there was a tinkle of breaking glass in the kitchen and a hushed, "oh, SHIT!" just loud enough for them to hear. 
     Greg laughed.  "Are you ok in there?"
     Candi popped her head into view around the corner.  "Yes, Master.  Sorry about that.  It was only a shot glass."
     "What were you doing with a shot glass?"
     "Measuring some rum for the coffee, Master, Sir.  We have 5 more shot glasses, though."
     He laughed.  "Ok.  Don't worry about it."
     "Ok, Master, I'm sorry."  Her head disappeared.
     "What would you like to drink after your brandy, Steve?  We have other things besides rum and coffee."
     "Actually that sounds fine.  I'm not very picky."  He reached out and touched Michelle's blonde locks and anyone watching had to admit that Michelle actually glowed.
     They heard the dishwasher start, and Alice and Candi brought out a tray of coffee with rum in it for everyone.  After they served everyone, they took up position on the floor on either side of Cheryl, and Alice leaned over and hugged her leg.  Candi sat there beside Cheryl's leg and sipped her coffee with rum, looking around excitedly at everyone.
     "I'm sure you're wondering how things are with me and Michelle, given that you've come into the picture," Cheryl said looking at Steve.
     "Uhm, not really . . . I don't really understand the ins-and-outs of the BDSM world, but I'm willing to learn.  She's your slave, that much I know--and Greg's, too, although I'm not sure how that works, either."
     "Well, yes, but Michelle clearly has seen you as, well . . . someone very important to her.  So, she has my permission to see where it might lead with you.  And Greg has already said that it's fine with him, too."
     Steve looked thoughtful.  "That's very nice of both of you.  Thank you--and," grinning, he looked at Michelle, "yes, I'd like to see where it might lead with her."  Michelle looked up with a gasp and hugged him very hard.
     "Besides," Greg said, also grinning, "I'm up to my ears in slaves.  I can barely walk without stepping on one of them."  Melissa wacked him on the leg and they all laughed.  "Seriously, though, I'm not opposed to having another guy in the picture--I'm not gay, but I don't mind sharing, so if you and Michelle can get it together, you'll have our support.  You'll have to put up with us, though, bad food, broken dishes . . . " Candi was close enough to wack him on the leg, and everybody laughed again.
     
     "Ma'am?" Alice looked up at Cheryl.
     "Yes?"
     "If Mom isn't your slave any longer . . . could I . . . try?"  Everyone was surprised at that.  Candi looked happily up at Cheryl, though, waiting for her response.
     "I don't see why not," Cheryl said thoughtfully.
     "Then everything is settled!" Candi announced.
     "Now wait a minute," Steve said chuckling.  "I don't know if things will work out with Michelle.  Don't be re-arranging everything just yet.  She might not like me after she gets to know me."
     "Well, I doubt that, but you might not like me after you get to know me . . . I uhm . . . need spanking quite regularly," Michelle said.  "I can be a bitch."  Steve didn't seem very dismayed by that.
     "It's going to be an interesting ride, that's for sure," Greg put in.  "I'll loan you a whip, though, just in case."  Melissa wacked him again with more laughter.  He crooked a finger at Candi, and whispered something in her ear, and she went her mom's bedroom and returned with Michelle's collar.  He tossed it to Steve.  
     "Here.  This will help."  Both Steve and Michelle blushed. 
     
     They chatted for a big longer, and Greg noted that Steve was starting to look like he'd like to have some time alone with Michelle.
     "We'd better close this party down.  Might bother the neighbors, all this racket.  And my legs are getting bruised from my slaves wacking me."  He dodged Candi's swing and caught Melissa's before it hit his leg.  "See?"
     Michelle turned and looked at him and at Cheryl.  "Uhm . . . Master and Mistress?"
     "Yes?"
     "Could I have some time with . . . him . . . alone, I mean?"
     Steve cleared his throat.  "I'd like that, too.  She can come stay the night with me, if that's ok with everybody."
     Greg waved at them.  "You two go ahead.  Want us to call you a cab, since you've been drinking?"
     "Sounds good, thanks, man."
     "Yes, thank You!  I need to go and pack some clothes and things," Michelle said, getting up.
     "Where you're going, you probably won't need clothes," Greg said laughing, and Melissa wacked him again.
     
     After they left and some discussion, Alice wanted to sleep with Cheryl which was fine with Greg so they went over to the other apartment, and clearly Melissa wanted to sleep with Greg.  That left Candi without a partner for the night.
     "That's ok. . . . I haven't sorted all those clothes and toys that mom gave me yet.  Can I model them for you before you and her . . . uhm . . . before you go to sleep, I mean?"
     "Sounds good to me.  I'll just command you to cum a lot."
     "YES!" and she ran to her room. 
     
     Greg went and rinsed off in the shower quickly before he headed to Melissa's room.  When he got there, Melissa had turned on the rope light which encircle the ceiling, and lit several candles.  She had put her leash on and was kneeling beside the bed, facing the door through which he'd entered.  When he approached, she reached up with the end of the leash toward him, so he took it.  He sat down on the bed, against the headboard, sitting up, and tugged her into position between his legs.
     Candi appeared in the doorway which he had left open, and knocked on the frame politely.
     "Come on in.  After all, we were expecting you."
     She came into the room wearing a nipple chain, her black hair set off by a white lace bustier with straps holding up her white stockings, pirouetting so that they could see that she also had inserted a clear glass buttplug, which the white g-string barely held in, complete with white 5-inch heels.  Greg applauded, and Melissa joined him. "Bravo! . . . very sexy!"  Then he mouthed "cum" to her and she grabbed her thighs in her orgasm.
     Then she giggled and hopped up on the bed to give them both a kiss, then ran back out to change into another ensemble.
     Greg liked almost all of them, including the Playboy Bunny suit with the white fluffy tail, and when she had gone to make another change, he wondered aloud if it was the same one that Alice had worn recently until Melissa pointed out that her daughters boobs were about 4 sizes larger than Alice', so if she was wearing THAT one, she wouldn't be able to breathe.  Good point.
     The one he liked the best though, was the total slave outfit, ball gag, blindfold (which she pulled down over her eyes just as she entered the room), tits tied up hard enough to make them start to look purple, nipple clamps, a whip held in her arm pit, crude slutty words written on her boobs and ass offering her body to "all cummers", leather cuffs with silver hook-rings on her wrists and ankles for easy restraint, a rather large vibrator in her cunt which she had to hold in so it wouldn't fall out until she got down on the floor, and a black butt plug in her ass.  He noticed that his hypnosis about her lactating was starting to work, as her tied boobs were leaking a drop or two of milk.  He rewarded her with 3 cum commands in a row, on top of the cheers and applause.
     They were all pretty tired by then, so he told Candi to come get her good night kiss and sent her to bed.  He was pretty horny, but too tired to do anything, and Melissa looked pretty rung out, too, so they just laid down and went to sleep.
     
     ----------------------------------
     Other parts of this story can be found at: http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Buxom_Mother_and_Daughter_Series/

     I'm very interested in your comments and suggestions--or questions--so if you would be so kind to take a minute and go to http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Buxom_Mother_and_Daughter_Series/Feedback_Form_For_SMs_Stories_BuxomMD.htm  and send them, I'd appreciate that very much.  If you include your email (optional), I'll try to reply as soon as possible.
     I have appreciated the comments and reviews my readers have already sent, so please continue to send them.  If you like the story or series enough, consider listing it in "Reader's Recommendations" on the ASSTR home webpage.
          Don't miss my other stories, including the "Her New Name Series" which you can find at http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Her_New_Name_Series/
          Thanks, 
          ~SM~
