  




Author: Bakeboss
Title: A Man Loses Control
Summary: A college man learns that through submission comes pleasure
Keywords: femdom, humiliation, golden showers, oral, panties



A Man Loses Control by Bakeboss:

 I had seen her before; in fact, I had three classes with her.  She was not what you could call beautiful, in fact with her stringy red hair and freckled face you couldn't even call her  pretty but there something about her that seem to capture my soul.  She was on the heavy side someone my grandfather would call zaftig, or pleasingly plump.  I on the other hand called her voluminous with large breasts and a big ass that I found sexy.  She seemed to dress as she pleased wearing short skirts and tight dresses not caring if they flattered her figure or not.  I learned her name was Susan by searching the class enrollment.  Susan, what an empowering name as if being in control was her birthright. 

   Susan sat down right next to me in lecture; she asked my name and said she hadn't seen me before.  I introduced myself but she didn't return the favor.
"John, I seem to have forgotten my note pad, can you take notes for me too."
Of course, I said yes and as I scribbled away, she filed her nails.  She leaned in close to me to see how I was doing and pressed her breasts into my arm.  Her nipple grew large and I swear she was intentionally rubbing up and down on my arm.  I began to lose all concentration and my note taking stopped as my cock grew in my pants.
"Hey, pay attention; I don't want you screwing up my notes."
 Somehow, I managed to keep my wits together to finish the lecture with enough notes to be able to study for exams.  

   Susan put her arm through mine as we left the hall, we were both without classes for the rest of the day, and she asked if I had somewhere, we could study.  I nervously asked if she wanted to come to my place off campus. 
"You live off campus?  That is so neat, I live in a dorm with two roommates, and I hate it."
"You can come to my place anytime you want.  My parents wanted me to have privacy so I could study, but really I'm lonely and bored to tears most of the time."
"You sure are forward John; you don't even know my name."
My face turned crimson,
"Ah, ah, I didn't mean to imply anything, I, I just meant if you wanted to get away from your dorm ,and I do know you name it's Susan Gallagher,  I looked it up."
When we entered my apartment, she immediately went to my bathroom and relieved herself not even bothering to shut the door.  I could hear her urine hiss as it sprayed into the bowl and the thought of her peeing in front of me made my dick hard.  She came out when she was done not even flushing the toilet.  She told me she was impressed at the neatness and said she appreciated a boy who could pick up after himself.  
"At home we have servants but my mother always said I had to learn to take care of myself, I had to clean my room, my bathroom, and I even had to do my own laundry."
"I bet I'd like your mother.  It's so warm in here do mind if I take off this top?"
She had asked my permission but didn't bother waiting for a reply as she shrugged out of her top exposing her larger breasts unencumbered by bra.  She sat down and began to squeeze her nipples, as they grew enormous in size.
"You really turned me on rubbing your arm against my tits in class today, see what you did, they are so hard they hurt.  Sit here and kiss them for me to make them feel better."
As there was no room on the chair for me, I fell to my knees in front of her I noticed her unshaven armpits and had a strange desire to rub my nose in them.  She held my head to her breast.  As she put her nipple in my mouth, she gave me instructions.
"That's right just hold with your lips, gentle now, yes that's right, now rub it with your tongue, yes, that's a good boy just like that."
God I was in heaven, I know I could die right now a happy man.  I was such an inexperienced man I had never seen a live boob other than my little sister and now I was sucking one.  I followed her instructions as we switched to her other breast.  My cock was ready to burst and I was afraid I might cum in my pants.  She pulled her nipple out of my lips and chuckled when I begged her for more.
"Maybe latter, now I want you to lie on the floor."

   I did as told and she stood over me as I looked between her thighs at her white panties.  She swayed back and forth almost in a little dance and then suddenly she sat on my face burying my head under her skirt with her knees on my arms pinning them down.  She rubbed her panty-covered pussy over my face and I could smell her arousal.  She lifted her skirt to look me in the eye,
"I want to put my scent on you, if you do what I want I may even let you taste me.  Do you understand?"
I was so excited I was close to delirium; I told her yes, anything.  I told her I would do anything she wanted just to see her pussy.  She seemed to like that answer and sat back down on my face.  As she rubbed herself on my face, I realized she was using my nose to masturbate her clit.  With her knees still holding my arms pinned to the floor, she began squeezing my head between her thighs.  When she came, she fell on top of me completely cutting my air supply with her tummy.  I started to panic but at last, she rose up, once again pulling her skirt off my head to look me in the eyes.
"That was nice, Ok are you ready for home work?"
She stood up and I noticed how sore my arms were and how hard my cock was.
"What about me, can we take care of me?"  
I held my throbbing erection as I spoke.
"No I don't feel like it now and besides we need to study."

   Susan sat close to me as we studied and would casually stroke my arm or rub my ear with her fingers.  She still had her blouse off, and I just couldn't keep my eyes off her tits, when she would catch me staring she would pull on her nipples bringing them to attention.  Later I offered to fix dinner and she sat in the kitchen watching, every time I turned to her, I was looking right up her skirt.  Her panties were now stained with both her juices and my saliva and somehow that just turned me on more.  I had an erection so long it hurt it and embarrassingly stuck out like a tent pole.
"You sure do have a boner; do you always cook with a hard on?"  
"No, but I have never cooked for a girl sitting in my kitchen with her boobs exposed and showing off her panties."
"You must be weird how can looking at my dirty nasty panties turn on?" 
"I would rather eat them than dinner."
 She laughed at this as I put our food on the table, we didn't speak as we ate.  After eating, she sat while I cleaned the kitchen.

   She took me to the bedroom and told me to take my pants off but to leave my boxers on.  She sat on the bed as I stood in front of her my erection only inches from her lips.
"You may take my panties off for me."
I knelt before her in a daze I could hear myself panting and knew she could also.  I held her panties as if I was handling ancient lace that might fall apart if not handled right.  I as I lowered them I looked into her full red bush completely unshaven and allowed to grow wild.  She lifted her leg, which I noticed was also covered in red fur to let me pull her panties off her ankles and now I was looking into her opened gash.  It glistened with her juices; she saw me looking and put her finger inside herself and then wiped it under my nose.  I inhaled deeply wanting to capture her aroma and praying for more.  She took off my shirt and told me to lie on the bed; next, she straddled my chest.  She picked up her panties and put the crotch in my face; she put her finger to my lips and pushed her panties inside my mouth.  She began to slide across my chest and I could feel her juices coating my skin with a sticky wetness.  She reached behind her and grabbed my cock through my shorts and with a warning not to cum; she began to rub me up and down my shaft.  Just as I was ready to tell her, I couldn't hold back any longer she let go and then crawled up over my face pulling her panties from my mouth.  Once again, she held my arms captive with her knees, as I watched she spread her lips with her fingers then nestled my nose and mouth between them.  Susan rode my face as I licked for all I was worth, she watched as I performed with a distant smile on her face and then it all grew intense as she rode me to climax. 
   Sitting back on my chest with my arms still under her knees, she looked me in the eyes and as she casually rubbed her juices that had coated my face into my skin, she started talking.
"I love to control boys, it makes me so hot to excite you with my body and then not give you relief.  When I saw you staring at me in class I knew I could make you mine and you would do anything I said.  I'm going to keep you and let you serve me until I grow tired of you, I may let you fuck me, but then I may not.  You may call me Mistress Susan, I will be your Queen, and you will be my slave."
Her statement brought out a deep hidden reality to me; this is exactly what I wanted.  I had never dwelled on it but every fantasy I had, involved me serving a woman such as this.  I told her she was everything I had ever hoped for and would gladly serve her any way she wanted.  All she said in response was, "I know."  She fell asleep spooning with her tits in my back and her hand on my erection but I lay there awake with dick throbbing.  Sometime during the night, she released her grip on me and I crept out of bed and went into the bathroom.  I jacked off into the sink and in just a few strokes, I erupted sending ropes of semen into the bowl, with my balls finally empty, I could reflect on my current situation.  Susan was the realization of all my fantasies and I couldn't think of anything past serving her in any way she wished, yet she might never let me fuck her in fact she might never let me cum again.  Right then I decided, nothing else mattered pleasing her is all I wanted.

   I went to the kitchen and baked muffins for breakfast, next I went in the bedroom and picked her clothes off the floor.  I hand washed her panties, then went to the laundry downstairs and washed her skirt and top.  I took a shower and while I was brushing my teeth, when she walked in and sat on the toilet to pee.  She sat back and spread her legs smiling at me as I watched, my naked dick starting to rise.  Her first words to me were,
"You like watching me pee?  Come over and take a closer look."
I knelt and put my chin on the toilet seat; she grabbed my hair and suddenly lifted her legs spraying my face with urine.  She laughed at her trick and then told me to clean her, I reached for the paper, but she slapped my hand away and told me to use my tongue.  The taste was so acrid and vile I thought I might heave, but the humiliation was so erotic I wanted more.  As I knelt beside her, I told her about washing her clothes and mentioned her panties should be dry soon.
"With that boner of yours sticking out like that, maybe you need them more than me."
She instructed me to put them on further humiliating me, after a wolf whistle and a slap on the butt Susan told me that she wanted me to wear panties all the time.  Susan told me not to wash my face, as she wanted her scent on me.  I served her breakfast wearing only her panties while she wore my robe opened in front showing off her nakedness.
"Come back to bed my little pussy boy I want to fuck your face some more."
She grabbed my cock and led me to the bedroom where she rode my face through no telling how many orgasms.  She turned around and while spreading her cheeks put her ass over my nose as she settled in I found I could not breathe and I again started to panic.  She rose up enough for me to get some air then sat back down. 
"I want to watch you play with yourself until you cum but you better hurry, you get no air until after you cum."
It took me no time at all to climax, I came after maybe four strokes shooting all over my chest.  She leaned back still keeping my nose in her but allowing me to breathe through my mouth.  She began scooping my cum up with her fingers and feeding it to me until I had eaten it all.
 


   Susan moved in that day and I served her all semester, the more I fell under her control the more I wanted to give.  I was in a constant state of arousal and with relief given to me as little as once a week, my balls ached.  When she would finally grant me an orgasm it was always the same, she sat on my face and would watch me shoot my jizz on my body and then feed it to me.  She said she was training my body to recognize the scent of her anus and to associate it with an orgasm.  The last day of school Susan put a condom on me and rode me until I came in it three times.  After she put the rubber in my mouth and commanded me to bite and swallow the contents.  This did not bother me a bit, all I could think about was we had fucked at last.  She said she wanted to give me something to think about all summer so we could hook up in the fall.  There was nothing more I wanted in the world as I headed home dreading the thought having to wear boxer shorts again.






 
