In my heart, I always knew my wife Mary slept around but I feared that if I confronted her, she might leave me. When she would come home late with some flimsy excuse, I would just play dumb as if I believed her. Other times she would literally rub my nose in it, as she would sit on my face. Telling me, she was horny she would smear her used pussy over me and then settle on my mouth instructing me to eat her. She never said she was full of another man's spunk but I always could tell by the acrid taste. If I looked up into her face I could see an evil grin, yet if she caught me looking she would grab my hair to pull my face into her deeper.

Although neither of us understood it at the time, we were the perfect couple. For some unknown reason I become aroused by being humiliated by my wife and at the same time she gets off by humiliating me, her husband. This was not something we discussed and I don't think either one of us knew what was happening. As for other partners for my wife, I think she enjoyed the conquest and as far as she was concerned it was separate from her marriage and therefore she would not discuss it with me.

This all changed the night we invited our neighbor John over for dinner with us. With his wife out of town, Mary said he shouldn't have to dine alone and asked him to eat with us. I should have realized something was up by the way she dressed. Mary always liked to look sexy but this night she looked extra hot. I was still cooking dinner when she came in the kitchen and asked me how she looked. She was in an even shorter skirt than usual and her bare legs looked long and sexy in her open toed high heels. The blouse she wore scooped low in front with the extra cleavage showing off her big boobs. I gave her a wolf whistle as I told her how great she looked. She asked me if she made me horny and I picked up my apron to show her my hard on, she gave me a big smile as she grabbed me to give me a big squeeze.

During dinner, John couldn't keep his eyes off my wife's chest, and to tell the truth with all that exposed flesh I couldn't either. After we ate, we sat in the front room enjoying cocktails when Mary came over to me she bent over to kiss me and I realized that John probably had a good view up her skirt. She then went and sat next to him on the couch,

"James don't you feel sorry for Johnny tonight all alone with no woman to make him happy."

She was talking to me but she was looking at John. She put her hand on his thigh,

"I bet I could make him happy, that's all right with you James, isn't it?"

John was looking right at me when I said, "Yes Dear."

Mary moved her hand from his thigh to his crotch as she leaned over and kissed him. As for John he put both hands on her breasts first to squeeze and then to pinch her large nipples. She stopped what she was doing long enough to take her top off and then after instructing me to unhook her bra she went back to kissing our neighbor. When I stood to do as I was told my erection was sticking out obscenely, I walked over and unhooked her bra giving John free access to her breasts. She tersely told me to go back and sit, which I did. She then stood up in front of him and began to undo his pants and after he lifted up off the couch, she slid his pants and underwear down.

I watched as she bent over to put him in her mouth, now I had the view up her skirt that he had enjoyed when she kissed me. I watched as she played with his erection and when she put him in her mouth, it was almost as if I could feel it with him. I wanted to pull my own cock out of my pants to play with it as I watched but he was so much larger than I was I felt too embarrassed to let it be seen. I saw Mary put her hand between her legs as she rubbed herself while she sucked John. As for our neighbor, he just leaned back and let my wife pleasure him as I watched. She kept bobbing her head up and down on him and then all of a sudden he grabbed her head and I knew that meant he was about to cum. He roared like an animal as he emptied his balls and my wife took it all without spilling a drop.

As soon as John finished cumming, Mary stood up walked over to me and with a kiss deposited his spunk in my mouth. I almost retched as she held my chin while her tongue swirled in my mouth so all I could do was to swallow his load. She then kissed me on the lips, and went back to sit next to him. He was now soft and wilted but she still picked it up to play with and when she saw he was finished for a while, she told him she would make him happy anytime he wanted.

Soon after he left to go home, she then came to where I was sitting her, breasts still exposed she looked so hot. She sat on my lap,

"Are you as excited as I am?"

I just nodded my head and she said to come to the bedroom so she could fuck me. I still had the taste of our neighbor's spunk in my mouth but my erection was screaming for release so I ran after my wife. She took off her skirt and panties while I also undressed. I lay down with her and then she sat astride me as she always does. She held me as she slipped it inside her and then she picked her panties to show me how wet she got while she sucked James. I watched her as she turned them in her hand and when she got to the wet crotch, she put it in my face. It made her smile as I rooted my nose in her scent.

I desperately needed to cum but I made myself wait for her as she rode me hard, her big tits bouncing out of control. It was when I told her how much I loved her wet cum filled kiss she gave that she came and I along with her. She lay on top of me both of us hot and sweaty, her hair hot and damp in my face.

"Mary I love you and all I want is for you to be happy."

"Well James, I not sure if I still can love you but I do love the control I have over you."