A.W.S.O.M.E. Girls
(A Televised Public Service Announcement)


Are you one of those lucky young ladies who has reached puberty early thanks to the wonderful nutritional and hormonal supplements so widely available, not to mention the enthusiastic promotion of adolescent sex in society today? Did you start getting boobies while you were still in elementary school? Maybe even while you still had baby teeth?

Congratulations. You've got an early start on an epic sex life!

But what if you live in one of the backward jurisdictions that hasn't yet repealed age-of-consent laws? Do you know there are some states where your lover could still go to jail even when you are as old as 15?


Age of Consent WaiverDon't worry! All you need to do is get one of your parents (or a guardian) to sign an Age of Consent Exemption (ACE). Even if your parents are reluctant, all you have to do is show your daddy how grown up you are and you'll be all set for anything you're ready to try!

But just in case your parents try to hold you back, there's still a way to get what you want. All you have to do is register for the Adolescent Waiver for Sexual Observation and Mutual Experimentation program. It's AWSOME!

What does Sexual Observation mean for you? First of all you'll be able to get into any movie you want to see. No more age restrictions for you! The same applies to adult web sites. Even if you've been a good girl and obeyed the NO ONE UNDER 18 rules, those rules don't apply to AWSOME girls! In fact you're allowed to watch anything that's legal for adults, including pornography. But there's more. 

Sexual Observation includes you and your beautiful body. Want to go topless at the swimming pool? Send nude pictures to all your friends? Earn extra money with a web cam in your bedroom? Now nobody can stop you, not even your parents!

And how about Mutual Experimentation? It's simple. You can do whatever you want with boys under 16, or with other AWSOME girls. That means all kinds of sex, anywhere! Now you can go to those special parties with Middle School or even High School kids. Wear naughty colors of lipstick in school and get invited to a rainbow party! No more silly rules for little kids!

All you have to do is get 'the shot' and sign up on the AwsomeGirls.net website. Do it today, or talk to your school guidance councilor if you want more information. 

(A chorus of young girl's voices:)
IT'S AWSOME!

This was a public service announcement paid for by the Parent's Association for the Promotion of Adolescent Sex (PAPAS).


Check out the PSA for the AWSOME Girls Party Bus Tour by Persephone.