Me and my Father In law-17

Jeevan << jeevanindia2002@yahoo.co.in >>

		I prepared my mind for the seduction. This I had thought to play coolly and patiently, enjoying every moment of it and not just sex! You understand what I mean?
		I had told Sunil that I was going for jogging from next day to keep my body fit and slim. He smiled and said OK you can go. 
Next day I got up early in the morning. My heart was beating faster thinking of what would happen. Will he like me? Will I succeed in seducing him? These kinds of thoughts came to my mind. I changed into slacks and top. The slacks were really tight on my ass and made them look prominent. The top also was tight and made my breasts look bigger. I had not worn anything below the top, I was bra-less. The outline of my nipples could be easily seen over the thin material of the top. The panties I was wearing made 'V' mark over my slacks and that made me look sexier. I put on dark lipstick and light make up. This was just for the boy, Ramesh.
I looked out towards his window and saw a light. He was ready to go out for jogging. FIL was right! He was also glancing at my window and saw me. I saw him wave at me. Ohhh he did have some daring! I too waved at him and went out. I reached the road and glanced back. Ramesh was following me! I was slowly jogging ahead of him and glancing back. Ramesh was wearing shorts and T-shirt. For the first time I saw him clearly. He looked handsome for a boy and was quite muscular. It would be real fun to seduce him!
After sometime when I reached a secluded spot I halted and sat on the bench. I was breathing fast and that made my chest rise and fall. My nipples were hard and could be clearly seen and two points over the top. Slowly I removed the top button so that I could show him the cleavage of my breasts. I waited for him and made up my mind. Soon he came near the bench and I looked at him. Our eyes met and I smiled at him, a knowing smile! He too smiled back at me. I patted the seat next to mine and he came and sat there. His proximity made me itchy and something more! I talked first. He was a bit upset, not knowing what I was going to talk.
"I am Seema and I stay opposite to your flat. I think I saw you many times when I came out in the balcony. Do you live alone here?"
He was relieved and said, "Yes! I study in college and stay here as paying guest with the Kulkarni family. I am Ramesh and I study in 12 th class, commerce. I like to do paintings as a hobby and will be going for Architecture."
"Thanks Ramesh. I think I see you often looking at me. And do you watch movies on your computer? I can see light there in the night."
"Yes Seema vahini. I get bored sometimes and do watch them. I like to brose the internet too. But can you see from your window what I am watching?"
"No Ramesh. I did not see the movie but I sure did see the movements you were making!" I said looking into his eyes.
		Ramesh too smiled back and felt a bit embarrassed. I had seen him beating his meat and he got the hint of it. I was looking at him and expecting him to do the talking but he was quite and just looked at me. Then he glanced at my cleavage and moved his eyes immediately. I looked down at his shorts and could see some swelling near his crotch area. He was getting excited! I let him look at my breasts and then I asked him,
	"Hey can I ask you something?"
	He glanced away from my breasts and said "yes"
	"DO you have any girl friends Ramesh? Sorry that is a personal question but I need to ask you for some reasons."
	"No Seemaji! I am a bit afraid to talk to girls and so I can't make friends with them. I don't know why but I am really afraid!"
	"Ohhh Poor you. Can you be friends with me? I know I am far too older than you but still we can be good friends. I am also interested in Paintings and you can help me with that."
	He looked happy. His eyes lit. he nodded his head in affirmative. I was glad. Then I got up and started to do some exercise. While I moved my body, my breasts were bouncing and I knew his eyes were fixed on them. Then I turned around and bent down, showing him my solid ass. The lovely ass I had! I did this for some time and then turned to him. he was looking at my breasts again!
	"Hey Ramesh! What are you looking at? Have you not seen any woman before?" I teased him. he looked away and just smiled. 
	"Seemaji! You are the first woman other than my mother, I am so near to. I am sorry I could not resist looking at you. But I have to say that you have a fine body. You look so attractive!"
	"Thanks Ramesh!"
	I said this and sat near him. I caught his hand lovingly and looked into his eyes. He looked so innocent! He was shaking and may be this was his first time to nbe so close to a female. I kissed him lightly on his cheeks and asked him to kiss back. He glanced around and then just placed his lips on my cheek. I could not wait any longer and I caught his face and placed my lips on his. Oh he was trembling! I held him and then forced my tongue into his mouth. Ohhhhh that was so wonderful. It seemed that this was his first kiss. I felt proud that I was the first woman to kiss him( May be!). we kissed for just a minute and then I was aware that we were on the private road and somebody may see us. I broke the kiss and straightened up. I told him,
	"Ramesh! Today in the night I have special show for you. I know you watch me thought the binoculars and last night you saw me and my husband. Its ok! I like that when you are watching me. Today you can watch me in the night as my hubby will be out on official tour. So be ready!"
	"Aunty! I am sorry for watching u but you are so attractive I can't help. Thanks for asking me! I will be ready."
	With that I held him to my body. My breasts crushed against his strong muscular chest and I felt my nipples poke into his muscles. I kissed him again. I wanted to tease him for some days before I take his virginity! Then we parted. I told him to meet me next day.
	I went home and was very much excited. My husband was still sleeping and FIL had got up and was in the kitchen preparing tea. MIL was still in her bed. I went to my FIL and hugged him from behind. I crushed my breasts against his back and moved my body to caress him everywhere. I was so excited! I told him about Ramesh and how I kissed him. he was happy and he made me bend over the kitchen platform and entered my choot from behind, pushing aside my chaddi. Ohhh we had to do it fast! I thrust my gaand on his lund and asked him to hurry.
	" Ohhh Baba! Lavakar zava na maala! Koni tari yeel! Aaahhhhhh! Kaaya mast lavada aahe ho tumacha! Aahhhh! Maala Ramesh cha bulla paahhheejee hoooo! Zava maala!" I talked so dirty!
	" Ghe maazyaa zaavadyaa soonnaaabaai! Ghe maaza bulla tuzya puccheet! Ahhhhh Sali mast zavun ghete! Mee paan tula madat Karen Ramesh cha bulla ghalun ghyala!"
	We both were fucking in abandon! My ass moved faster and faster and my FIl also fucked me violently. We were in a hurry and had to finish this. My breasts swayed as my body moved with the force of my FIL's lund. I asked him to hold my breasts and fuck me. He did. He held my breasts and bit my ears as he fucked. Oohhh god! He was an expert fucker! My ear lobes burned with pleasure and I was in heaven! Just then we heard some door open and FIL thrust his lund deep in my choot and sprayed his fuck juice deep within. We had to separate!
	We separated and adjusted our clothes and my FIL entered the kitchen door! Ohhh god! We were about to be caught. MIL looked at me and asked me what all was to be prepared for breakfast. I said some thing I don't remember. FIl handed us the tea and we all sat and drank the tea.
	That was best quickie I ever had! FIL's sperm flowed out of my choot and made a pool in my chaddi. Ohhh god! Here I was sitting with my MIL with my chaddi soaked in my FILs' sperm! What a slut I was!
	In the afternoon I discussed my plan with my FIL before he went out.
	"Seema! Tease him well! Let him thrust after you. Don't hurry for taking his virginity. Enjoy the thrills of exposing your body to him. I know you can do it."
	Ya that's what I had thought!
	I prepared myself for the night after we had our dinner. I went to my room and locked the door from inside. I selected a nice sari and sleeveless blouse for this. I wore the sari well below my naval so that my belly and naval was clearly visible. I wore Black bra and red panties for him.  I applied dark lipstick and stood near the window like a seductress. He was there alright doing something on the computer. I signalled him with putting off the light and then putting it on again. He saw in my direction and got up. He came near the window and waved at me, smiling. I was excited and waved back at him. Now the show was to begin!
	I slowly removed my sari looking at him. for a second he was stunned but then he looked interested. He hurried and brought his binoculars and started looking at me through it. I wanted this! I wanted him to look at me closely. I held my paloo up and unmasked my breasts. My breasts were now exposed clad only in the blouse I was wearing. The swellings looked prominent. I slowly removed the paloo and unwound my sari upto my naval. Now my stomach and fleshy belly were exposed. My belly is slightly bulging and looks delicious. I moved my hand over the belly and traced my belly button. Shivers ran through my body as my fingers moved around the sexy depression. I looked at Ramesh and saw him rubbing his crotch. He was getting aroused looking at me. I moved my tongue seductively over my lips, teasing him. My face became flushed and eyes rolled. Ohhh god! Jeevan! What I was doing?
	Now I removed my sari completely and stood before the window just in my blouse and petticoat. I then brought my hands on my breasts and rubbed them for him. the flat of my hand moved all over the fleshy orbs and I felt my nipples stiffen. Waves of lust ran through my body and automatically I lowered the deep neck of my blouse, letting my breasts bulge out. I then slowly started to remove the hooks in the front of my blouse and as I removed each one, more of my flesh peeped out. It must have been erotic sight for Ramesh, watching through the binoculars. He had put his hand inside his shorts and may be, was caress his penis. I wanted him to take that snake out of the basket!
	I then removed my blouse completely and held it at him. He acted to be catching it and smelling it, the smell of my breasts! I thrust my chest at him, making my breasts bulge out. Then with one motion, I put my hands behind my back and unhooked my bra. I slowly removed it letting the breasts free slowly. Finally my breasts breathe fresh air, the air of sex! I looked down proudly at my fleshy assets and then at Ramesh.
	Ohhhh god! Ramesh had taken out his lund and was slowly massaging it. Godddd! I could see his hand move slowly rubbing the entire length. It fitted in his wrist and so I judged it to be more than 6 inches long. The real game had started! I held my breasts in both hands and caressed them. I lifted them in my palms and weighed them. Ohhhhh! So nice. I then lifted one breast and lowered my mouth to see if I could lick the nipple. My mouth just touched the tip of my nipple and I moved my tongue all over it. I lowered my mouth and thrust my tongue out. Ohhh god! I could easily lick my nipple. Shivers passed through my breasts and my body. My choot started to get wet and I felt the wetness in between my thighs.
	Holding the breast with one hand, I pushed my hand inside my petticoat and touched my choot. Ohhh god! It was wet! I traced the slit all along and then found my love hole. Ohhh god! It was so wet! I inserted one finger into my choot and moved it in and out, imagining that it was Ramesh doing it. I glanced at him and saw him slowly pumping his meat. I was encouraged and continued to probe my choot. Then I thought of removing my petticoat and looking at him I pulled the nada and slowly lowered it. As I did this more of my naval exposed and then my choot was visible. The light hair covering my choot made it look prominent in the light. I turned around and showed him my buttocks, unveiling them as I moved my petticoat down. Finally I had to wiggle my ass to remove it completely. Now I stood in just my chaddi and showed my solid ass to Ramesh. Ramesh was licking his lips and holding his lund. He too showed me his lund by holding it in his hand and thrusting it at me. I pretended to be licking his lund by putting my tongue out and making the licking motions.
	I pulled the elastic of my chaddi and slowly pushed it down. Ohhh god! My choot was getting naked! I then removed my chaddi and held it for him to smell. Ohhh I was acting so dirty! Then I smelled it myself and smiled at him. I spread my legs and showed him my choot, covered with small hairs. He was watching through the Binoculars and must be getting pretty close view of my choot. I spread my legs and exposed my choot more. I saw his hand move on his lund faster now and then his body went stiff and his lund sprayed cum all over. I could not see it but with the experience I had I could tell that he had cum a lot! He looked at me and smiled, thanking me for the nice show. I whispered,
	"Ohhh this is just the beginning my boy! The real fun is just to begin!"
	I continued to expose my choot to him. I spread my labia and showed him the pink hole within. Ohhh god! He was now holding the binoculars in both the hands and his lund had shrunk with the latest cum. But still he was looking. I then pushed my index finger in my choot and moved it in and out, fucking the lund hungry choot with it. My finger moved in and out very fast as I was very excited. I wanted something in my mouth! I took the nearby hair brush and started to lick the handle as if I am licking a lund! I was so excited! I then put the handle in my mouth and started to suck on it like a lund. Ramesh was excited to watch me and his lund stood up again. He was so young and second erection was no problem for him. I saw his hand moving again over his hardening lund and my second finger was pushed in my choot. I fucked my choot with the fingers while sucking on the hair brush handle. Ohhh god! I WANTED SOMETHING HARD INSIDE ME!
	I removed my fingers from my choot and inserted the hair brush handle all the way in my choot. Ohhh god! It felt so nice! I frantically started to fuck my choot with the handle and looking at Ramesh I slowly and leisurely licked my fingers. He was very excited to watch all this and started to beat his meat fast. Ohhh god! Watching him jack off for me and the fucking with the brush handle made me cum. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhhhhh I moaned and my body stiffened. Lot of juice rushed into my choot as I came. Ohhhhhh! I removed the hair brush from my choot and pushed it in my mouth as I came. Ramesh too shot his load and waved at me. He also raised his thumb and smiled at me.
	I relaxed and enjoyed the orgasm well. I then got up and dressed properly to go to the bathroom.
	As I was going to the bathroom, I saw my FIL walk towards me and soon he was near. My heart was beating faster in anticipation of his lund fucking me. I did not say anything but just raised my sari and bent forward.  He understood what that meant and without making any noise to wake up MIL he inserted his long and hard lund all the way into my sopping choot.
	" Ohhh Baba! Zaava maala! Ramesh ne maala khoopach garam kele aata tumhi masti jirva maazyaa pucchichi!" I whispered to him.
	He fucked my choot fast and deep with his hands holding my buttocks, Ohhh how I loved this! Fucking with Father in law was always different for me. He knew how to pleasure my choot and his lund always caressed every inch of my vagina. Ohhh god! I moved my buttocks to take his lund all the way inside my choot. FIL then caught my hanging breasts sin both his hands and pumped them hard. Ohhh god! He knew what I liked!
	This was really dangerous! MIL would walk in anytime. The thrill in this quickie made me cum again. My choot clasped around FIL's lund and sucked him in. Ohhh he moaned slowly and pushed his cock deep within me and shot his sperm. Ohhh god his cum was so hot! I came and came! The orgasm made me weak and I rushed to the toilet to rest. Fil pushed his lungi down and walked to his bed room without looking at me again. That was the best teasing and fucking I had in years!
 Part 17 ENDS


	
	
