The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations where it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except may be posted as part of a review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites. 

My works can be found at ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/E.Z.Riter or at www.storiesonline.net 

Copyright April 1998 and August 2000 by E. Z. Riter. 

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com      

Please!        Give me your comments!

Dear Reader, This is a significant rewrite of a story originally posted in April 1998.  

WARNING: Story Codes: humiliation, nonconsensual, pregnancy, adultery, and interracial.  If
you don't like that sort of thing, why don't you try some of my lighter works. 

Thanks to Ruthie for editing and for story line suggestions.  E.Z.



BABY 

Mandy and I started dating in the seventh grade.  She's the only woman I've dated and I've always
thought I was the luckiest man alive to have her.  Why she picked me, I'll never know. 

I'm an average man at five eight and one hundred forty pounds.  Mandy's small, only five feet tall
and one hundred five pounds.  I'm average in appearance, too, but her appearance is far above
average.  She's beautiful with a delightful feminine figure. 

When we married before our freshman year in college, we were virgins eager to begin our lives
together.  Our first sex was on our wedding night.  My hands trembled as I unrolled a condom
while Mandy smiled sweetly up at me from our wedding bed. 

"Don't use it, Sammy.  Please," she whispered.

"You might get pregnant."

She wrapped her hand around my unprotected cock and pulled me toward her.

"I want to be pregnant.  You know that."

"But we're just starting out."

"Let's start by letting nature take its course.  Make love to me where I can feel you, not a condom,
Sammy."

From that first night or maybe the night after, Julie was created.  She was born nine months to the
day after we wed.  Our second child was another girl, who we named Jenny.  She was born when
we were juniors. 

We struggled through college as we both worked and went to school.  I graduated on schedule and
went to work for a big company as an accountant.  A year later, Mandy graduated and started
teaching second grade.  

Neither Mandy nor I are leaders.  We're both content being followers, which reflects our passive
personalities.  Our peaceful life style reflects that, too.  We worked hard, saved, played, loved our
children, and enjoyed what Americans call the good life. 

Ours was a placid marriage.  The one major disagreement was the number of children.  She
wanted five, but I insisted we stop at two, which is one of the few times I stood up to her.  Mandy
was never happy with that decision.  It was the only bitter point between us.   

In marriages like ours, money's an issue because it's in short supply, but Mandy wasn't a woman
who longed after wealth.  She wanted more children.  I was the one who longed for a more
financially successful life. 

Julie was fifteen and Jenny almost fourteen when Mandy and I went with friends to Las Vegas. 
We had a wonderful time, and I won $30,000 gambling.  

I thought I'd found a way to ease the money problems and give us a better life.  I didn't know I'd
sown the seeds of our destruction.  

Gambling's a terrible, uncontrollable addiction in some people.  I was one of those.  I gambled on
everything I could find: football, basketball, horses, numbers.  After we returned from Vegas, I
won a little, but then the losses came in waves.  I increased the amount I gambled because I knew
my luck would change.  And it did change - for the worse.  In six months, I lost our savings, the
kids' college funds, everything.  And I lost even more as my bookie gave me credit.    

Mandy knew nothing about it.

"Sam Johnson, get your ass over here straight from work!  Don't mess with me, boy!" the
horrifying voice on the phone said. 

The sweat oozed from my face as his violent disconnection rang in my ears.  I was $20,000 in
debt to my bookmaker and not a dime to my name.  They'd been trying to collect for a month. 
My time was up.  I went to the bathroom and threw up.

I shook uncontrollably and my clothes were soaked in sweat as I entered the store front office. 
The bookie grabbed my arm, dragged me out the back door, and shoved me into a large van,
which had been modified to allow a person to stand.  Someone picked me up like a child and
jammed me on the floor of the van on my knees. 

I looked up at one of the biggest men I'd ever seen.  

"I'm David Winston White.  Leroy works for me.  I understand you won't pay your bills."

"Look, I . . . "

He moved quickly, like a tiger leaping on its prey and I was the lamb he was devouring.  His
massive left hand crushed the back of my neck and lifted me several inches in the air.  His fingers
were so long and strong they held my jaw shut.  And his right hand grabbed my cock and balls.  I
felt him began to squeeze as I stared into the coldest, most evil black eyes in the world. I
whimpered, and tears fell down my face.  The pain in my balls was unbearable. 

He dropped me. I fell to the floor sobbing. 

"I want my money now."

"I don't have it."

"But you have a way to earn it."

"How?  Tell me how?"

"You have a wife and daughters, don't you?"

"No," I gasped. 

"Janet, stand!  Look at her, Sam!" he commanded. 
 
A petite white woman stood in the corner of the van.  She was naked.  She had massive breasts
and a sad, frightened face that looked sixty although her body looked much younger. 

"Tell him your story, Janet!"

"I was a sales rep, but I got addicted to gambling. I'm paying off my debt by being a whore for
Mr. White."

"Come suck my cock, Janet!"

She scurried to him, quickly kneeling and fishing his cock from his trousers.  It was massive,
easily the biggest I had ever seen, but it was proportionate to the rest of him.  Mr. White was
probably six six and two hundred fifty pounds.  Janet sucked the cock head, but his hand on the
back of her head forced it into her mouth.  

"Watch, Sam!  Watch the stupid white slut suck my cock.  Tomorrow night I'm coming to your
house.  I'll leave with my money or I'll leave with your wife and daughters.  They'll do what
Janet's doing until I have my money!"

"No. Please. Have mercy,"  I whimpered.

"I've no mercy for you, boy.  Your wife and daughters'll be my whores until they earn back my
money.  Now, come here!  You need to learn what sucking my cock's like since you're forcing
your wife and daughters to do it."

He shoved Janet aside and yanked me between his legs. I felt like a child, unable to resist even if I
had tried.  His huge cock barely fit in my mouth.  He didn't care about that. He jammed it in and
out.  When I put my hands up in protest, he whipped his cock across my face like a hard slap. 
When he came, he pulled out to cover my face in his sticky goo. He shoved me out of the way.   

I was too terrified to even wipe his dripping cum from my cheeks.  Janet scurried between his legs
again to clean his cock with her mouth, sucking and slurping, as I felt his cum drying on my face.

"Tomorrow night.  Don't try to run or hide or call the police.  It'll only make me mad!  Now get
out."

It was late when I got home.  I'd cleaned up at a service station, then stopped at a bar for liquid
courage.  Mandy was asleep when I got home.  I sneaked in the shower before I crawled in our
bed, wondering if she'd ever be there next to me again. 

I couldn't sleep.  My mind, body, and soul were paralyzed by fear: fear of what I'd done, fear of
what would happen to my family as a result.  I left early for work the next morning before Mandy
awakened. That night, I got home for dinner about seven.  She was at the kitchen table, grading
papers. 

"Sam, are you all right? You've been acting funny lately. Is something wrong?"

"No. Everything's fine."

I heard the front door open. 

"Who's that, I wonder?" she said as she disappeared into the living room.

"WHO . . . "  I heard her say. 

I wet myself, sitting in my own pea, paralyzed with fear. 

Mr. White walked into the room carrying my wife in his arms like a baby, except her mouth was
taped shut and her arms handcuffed behind her. She was frightened like I'd never seen her before,
shaking uncontrollably, her face ashen and sweating.  His associate pointed a gun at me as Mr.
White ordered me to sit and cuffed my hands behind me.    

He put Mandy in the chair next to me.  She was sobbing, making a sound like a dying dove. 

"If you can be quiet, I'll remove the gag," Mr. White said to Mandy. 

She nodded and he yanked the tape from her face.  She said nothing.

"My name is Mr. White.  Has your husband explained your problem?"  

She stared at me with questioning eyes before she shook her head no.  He told her my whole
gambling history.  He knew I'd maxed out the credit cards and home equity loan for my addiction.
Mandy said nothing.  Her eyes flitted back and forth between us.  I could tell she couldn't believe
what I'd done, and the loss and danger it put her in. She was in shock from it.  

"What are you going to do to us, Mr. White?" she asked, the hysteria in her voice barely
controlled.

"You and your daughters'll come with me, Mandy.  You'll be my whores, fucking men for money
until I've recovered what I'm owed."

Mr. White looked as if he expected her to become hysterical.  I certainly expected it.  We both
were surprised.  

As if someone filled an empty bag with iron, Mandy appeared bigger and sat more erect.  A
determined expression grew on her face.  She held his cold, dead eyes with her own, never
blinking or looking away.  When she spoke, her voice was calm, sincere and confident, not
threatening, but not submissive.

"Mr. White, I'm a lot of things.  I'm Sam's wife and a teacher and a woman. I'll be your whore,
too, the best one'll you have and I'll earn all your money back for you.  I promise.  But you must
understand me, most importantly I'm a mother."  

Mandy stopped and for seconds they stared at each other.  

"Do you understand?  I'm a mother . . .  and if you or anyone else touches my daughters, I'll kill
you."

Mr. White's mouth dropped open before it snapped shut like a steel trap.  Mandy stood, walked to
him, and turned her back.

"Please remove the handcuffs. You've nothing to fear from me unless you harm my daughters."

He was stunned and her actions defused his natural proclivity to harm.  He gave a sharp, hard
laugh, removed the cuffs, spun her around, and jammed her to her knees between his legs.  

A knife appeared in his hand and he pressed it to her throat.  A tiny movement by either of them
would pierce her throat with the knife point.  She never quivered or moved or took her eyes from
his.

Somewhere in those long minutes as they stared at each other, they reached an unspoken
agreement.  He smiled at her as he put away the knife.  It was a soft, gentle smile, like a man gives
his lover.

"Mandy, please show me your house," he said with sincere politeness.

"Certainly.  Mr. White, may I call you by your first name?"

"Call me by the nick name my family uses.  Since I was the last born, they call me Baby."

Mandy showed him the house, giving him the in depth tour as if she were showing our preacher
her homey treasures.  She seemed happy and positive, telling him our history, pointing out the
pictures in the hall that recorded when this thing occurred or that thing happened.  She stopped in
each girl's room, spending a long time talking about her beloved daughters.  

I could see that she enchanted him.  When he took her hand in his, she squeezed his in return,
giving him a warm and friendly smile.   

"Coffee?" she asked when we returned to the kitchen.  

"Yes, thank you, Mandy," Baby answered.

"Baby, you can understand why I'm so protective of my girls, why I said what I did."

"You're an unusual woman, Mandy.  I know you honestly meant it when you said you'd become a
whore for me, and when you said you'd kill me.  You really love your children, don't you?"

"Yes.  I love them deeply, but I understand your position, too, Baby.  That's why I'll cooperate
with you to the fullest, doing whatever you wish for me to do.  I'll make every effort to get your
money back."

She handed him the coffee and guided us all to the den.  She sat on the couch opposite him.  No
one spoke as the two of them worked through their own private thoughts, their eyes never leaving
each other.  

"Mandy, can you still bear children?"  

Her body language became extremely intense as her eyes slammed into me before returning to
him. 

"Yes. Why?"

The silence was killing me.  I knew why.  We all knew why!  My God, was she really considering
it?

"I'll forget Sam's debt if you'll have my child."

I could tell immediately she was going to agree.  Mr. White could tell, too.  Mandy wasn't ready
to say it, not verbally anyway. 

"Why would you want that?"

"I want children.  Finding a woman to bear one is easy.  Finding a woman I can trust to love and
nurture them is difficult in my world, Mandy." 

"Babies are a big responsibility. Babies need love and tenderness . . . "

He laughed.  He threw back his giant head and laughed.  She had a sheepish, crooked grin, like a
kid who'd been caught stealing candy.

"What do you want, Mandy?  Just tell me.  We both know you'd love and care for a child more
than other woman would, no matter who the father was, no matter the circumstances of the birth."

She walked to him, took his huge hands and put them on her waist.  She took his giant face in her
hands and gently held it to look at her. Again, there was a long silence as they communicated
nonverbally.   That silence was painful for me.  She leaned down slowly to kiss him softly on the
lips. 

"I'd like having your child, Baby.  I know you'll be a good father and never hurt me or any of my
children."

She pushed him back into the couch with her body as she kissed him long and hard.  Slowly his
arms folded around her in a lover's embrace.  

This giant, this criminal who hurt people for a living, asked my wife if he could impregnate her,
putting his black seed in her belly to make it grow with child.  She rewarded him with a
passionate kiss.  

"Baby, I'm not on the pill.  Would you like to start now?"

"I'd like that very much," he replied with such softness and feeling in his voice even I was
touched.  She took his hand, leading him toward the bedroom, then she stopped.

"Is it all right with you if Sam watches us?"  

What was that expression on her face as she looked back at me?  Not hatred.  Not happiness.  I
knew it made me feel small because that look expressed that I was making her fuck someone else
and she resented it greatly.  

"Come on, Sam," Baby said, not even looking at me. He had eyes only for Mandy. 

I followed them into the master bedroom, the bedroom that had been hers and mine exclusively. 
Baby's henchman shoved me in a chair and stood by me, his hand on my shoulder.  Mandy looked
at us.

"Baby, Sam won't cause a problem. Would you please ask your friend to leave?"

"Here, Junior," Baby said handing him a revolver.  "Why don't you watch TV?"

"Sure, boss," the man replied.  In a moment, I heard the TV start in the den.

Baby took off his coat and sat on the edge of the bed.  Mandy kissed him again before she began
unbuttoning his shirt.  She didn't look at me as she slipped the shirt off his massive shoulders. 
Her fingers slid across his torso lovingly before she sucked his nipples.  She slipped to her knees
to untie his shoes.  

"Stand up so I can take off your trousers," she said to him. 

She undid his belt and dropped his trousers to the floor.  She looked up at him with a sensual grin
as she yanked down his boxers.  That giant black cock that only last night spilled his seed on me
jumped into her face.

"Oh, my God, Baby.  I can't take that!"

"Yes, you can. I wouldn't hurt you."

"I know you wouldn't, Baby, but he would.  I'll bet you don't get many complaints about being too
small."

"None so far," he laughed. 

Mandy turned to look at me.  Her small fingers daintily held his hard cock near her face. 

"Have you ever seen a cock this big?" she asked.  

I didn't respond.

"Answer me," she snapped.

"No, I haven't."

"What would you estimate, Sam?  Is it twice as big as yours?  Three times? Or more?"

"I don't know," I mumbled as I stared at my wife unable to tear my eyes away from her.  I'd never
seen the anger and, yes, hatred in her that I saw at that moment.

"They say that once a woman's had a big cock like this one that she can't even feel a tiny little
thing like you have, and that your little boy's cock won't ever bring her pleasure.  Do you think
that's true, Sam?"

"I don't know," I whispered as I trembled in abject humiliation.

"We're going to find out, aren't we?" she said, her voice dripping with insincere sweetness.  

She turned back toward him as her hand lovingly caressed his shaft.  She kissed the opening. 

"What's his name?" she asked Baby.

"What?"

"Your cock.  I thought all men named their cocks."

"I haven't named him. Would you like to do it?"

"Yes, but I need him in me first.  I need to see how he feels so the name'll fit.  May I suck him?"

His huge, ham sized hand guided her mouth to his cock.  Mandy always enjoyed sucking cock
although she'd never initiate it.  Now she valiantly worked on the shiny black helmet head of a
monster as big as her fist.  Quickly, it was coated in her saliva, which hung in ropes of spittle as
she moved back and forth on it.  She was doing a yeoman's job, but her jaws quickly tired.  Baby
could tell and pulled his cock from her mouth. 

"I'm sorry, Baby. I'll do better next time," she murmured.  He lifted her as if she were a child to
kiss her softly on the lips.

"Don't worry.  You were wonderful, Mandy.  I want to fuck you.  I want to feel your delicious
pussy around my cock."

As he quickly undressed her, she never acted shy or embarrassed.  She stood proudly before him,
displaying her body, letting his giant hands roam the lush territory that'd been exclusively mine. 

"Do you have any K-Y?" he asked.  "I don't want to hurt you." 

"I won't need it.  I'm dripping wet for you, Baby," she replied sultrily. 

She lay back.  When he crawled between her legs, the bed groaned with his weight. 

"Let me show you the easy way," he said.  

Gently, he pulled her legs up with her knees outside her breasts.  He brought her elbows inside her
knees to leverage them apart.  He guided her hands to her pussy lips, which she held open for him
as he put the head of his cock against her.

"Oh, Baby, I've never had a cock this big," she whimpered as he slowly pressured to push his
monster in her tight wetness.  

There was no question he would fit.  Her juices poured down her leg, her pussy glistened from her
own wetness.  He worked slowly, letting her become accustomed to him until his cock head rested
against her cervix.

She was moaning, squirming in obvious delight at being so full.  Her ass and hips were in
constant motion as her body struggled to accommodate the giant cock buried in her.  When she
finally relaxed, the tension flowed from her only to reappear as desire.

"Fuck me good, Baby," she murmured in his ear.

Groaning, sweating, whimpering, squirming under the masterful, well controlled fucking from his
monster cock, Mandy orgasmed as she never had with me. 

It was a strange feeling seeing him fuck her, seeing him bring her joy and orgasms like nothing I'd
ever given her.  I wondered if she'd ever enjoy me again.   I felt happiness for her at being so well
pleased, but I felt my own sorrow - my own deep and real sorrow - at having caused this mess.

I was the second best man in my wife's bed.  I had no one to blame but myself. 

While I felt a deep loss, I must admit, seeing another man fuck my wife had been a wild and
deeply buried fantasy of mine.  I was hard from watching because she was getting a royal fucking
from someone else, as I'd fantasized.   

His control was magnificent.  Mandy orgasmed time after time.  When he saw she was mentally
and physically exhausted from the pounding of the past thirty-five minutes, he let himself come
and roared like a banshee when he did. 

She loved every stroke because he gave her the best fuck of her life.  She held him tightly, arms
and legs around him, spasming in one last, long orgasm, not letting him pull out, as she let his
black seed ravish her body searching for her delicate white eggs. 

He braced himself on his arms so his weight wouldn't crush her as he softened in her, but she
pulled him down on her.

Her face was toward me when she bore his full weight.  She radiated bliss.

"Don't go," she whispered as he pulled out of her.  

He kissed her gently and said, "I'll be back."

She giggled as her hand stroked his face. 

"See that you do. Even a big stud needs to fuck more than once to make sure the woman's
pregnant.  We'll need to do this every night until I'm sure I'm carrying your child."  

She kissed him hungrily before letting him pull away from him.  When she looked at me, it was
with disdain. 

"Wait, Baby," she said as he started to wipe his cock on the bed sheets.  "Let Sam clean you up."

Baby laughed.  "He tasted my cock last night."

"Oh?  He did?  Did you like a cock in your mouth, Sam?" she asked.

"No," I murmured. 

"Well, I didn't get to see it.  Do it again," she hissed. 

"I need to go," Baby said as he wiped his cock.  

"You can clean Baby next time," Mandy replied.  "But you can clean me now, Sam.  I'm not
going anywhere." 

When I hesitated, Baby said menacingly, "You heard the lady." 

I fell between her spread legs facing her huge and bloated pussy.  White liquid oozed down her
ass cheek.  As I began to lick Baby's cum from my wife's pussy, I wondered how many nights
he'd fuck her before she was carrying his child. 

"There's so much in me, Sam," Mandy said.  "He must have shot a quart.  Suck it all out, honey."  

The word "honey" was like an icicle thrust in my manhood.  As I sucked his cum out of her, Baby
released the handcuffs.  In moments, I heard the door shut, but I didn't get up then.  Mandy's hand
on the back of my head held me in place.  When she released me, I left to lock the front door. 

Mandy was asleep when I got in the bedroom.  Without a word, I lay down without touching her. 
When I awakened in the morning, she was gone.  I found her in the kitchen drinking coffee. Her
face was hard and cold.

"We need to talk."

"All right, Mandy."

"Baby'll honor his commitment.  He'll forgive your debt and not hurt any of us. I'll honor my
commitment, too, Sam.  I'll bear his black baby.  I'll raise that child with all the love and caring
any child ever had.  The question is, will you?  Because if you won't love this child as your own, I
want a divorce.  I wouldn't let you hurt a child any more than I'd let him."

"Mandy, I never want a divorce."

"That's not the question!  Will you accept Baby's black child, the child I'll bear, as your own and
love it unconditionally?"

"Yes. I will. Please, Mandy . . . "

"I'm going to take over the finances, Sam.  I want your credit cards and your checkbook.  From
now on, you'll give me your paycheck and I'll give you an allowance.  And I want that damn
sports car you bought to be sold by tomorrow night."

"I'll need some kind of car to get to work."

"Take the bus.  Do you owe any other bookmakers?"

"No." 

"That's something positive at least.  You need to get help for your gambling, Sam.  I insist on it."

"I will."

"That's not good enough.  I'll call Gamblers' Anonymous and you'll start immediately.  I'll find a
psychologist for you, too.  Our insurance'll pay for it.  If you miss a meeting or a session with the
psychologist, I'll leave you, Sam.  I mean it."   

"Please, don't leave me.  I can't imagine life without you.  I love you so much."

For the first time since she'd met Baby, her expression toward me softened.   She smiled and
tousled my hair.

"I know you do.  I'll spend the rest of my life with you, but I couldn't stand another incident like
this.  I might not be able to seduce the next bookie into letting my daughters go unharmed."

She kissed me.

"His cock's so big that I'm sore.  Until I get used to him, we won't be able to have sex and when
we do, you'll have to wear a condom until I'm carrying his child.  I'll let you know when I want
sex with you again, so don't ask about it."  

"Do you still love me?" I asked.

"Yes, I love you, you stupid, stupid man.  I love you even after you did this to us."

"You loved it, didn't you?  You loved him fucking you."

She didn't look at me as she stood to leave. 

"I asked you a question, Mandy."

She looked at me. It was neither a hurtful nor loving look.  It was a look of exasperation. 

"I heard you, Sam.  I'm not going to answer it.  Don't ask it again."  

When Baby returned the next evening, I meekly followed them into the bedroom. 

"No, Sam. I'll tell you when I want you to watch us having sex.  Right now, I want you to go
away.  Tonight's private and just between us."

It was a long time before I saw the two of them together again.  They always made love in our
bed.  Sometimes he left early, sometimes he stayed until the wee hours. I could hear them talking
between sex those nights when they fucked more than once.   When the sex was over, he went
home.  

That second night he fucked her, I stayed on the couch after he left.  Mandy came to me.

"Sam, I'm your wife.  You need to be in our bed with me.  Come on." 

After I was laying beside her, she said, "Always come to bed as soon as he leaves, Sam.  This is
your place. You should be in it."

I lay in the spot hot from their bodies, wet with their sweat and juices, as my wife, exhausted from
fucking with another man, curled against me to peacefully sleep.  His smell filled my nose.  His
cum dripped out of her pussy onto my leg. 

Sunday, our daughters returned from their weekend at the lake with friends.  In the den, Mandy
fully explained what was happening in our lives. 

"Mother, you mean a black man's impregnating you?  We'll have a black brother or sister? And
we can't go to college because Dad gambled away all our money?"

"Honey, it's a sickness. We need to forgive him.  I know forgiveness'll be hard to do, but we must
try."

It was a heated and unpleasant family discussion, which Mandy wound down after checking her
watch.

"Baby'll be here shortly.  I want all of you to be nice to him.  We'll visit a few minutes before I
take him in the bedroom.  He'll be here every night until I'm pregnant."

Our daughters were stunned, cold and unspeaking, when Mandy introduced Baby to them. 

When they immediately moped off to bed, Mandy said firmly, "Leave your bedroom doors open." 

And Mandy left the door to our bedroom open when she led Baby there.

Mandy'd never been vocal when we made love.  She murmured and cooed, but never screamed. 
That night, she screamed.  Our daughters and I could hear her begging him to fuck her, telling him
how big his cock was, and how much she enjoyed him fucking her.

When she screamed she'd never had a real man before, we heard Baby telling her to shut up.   

How humiliating it was for me, having my daughters hear their mother tell another man he could
fuck better than I could.  But that's what she wanted.  My humiliation.  It was my punishment
from her.   But it was the last time she intentionally humiliated me.  Maybe she thought I'd had
enough. 

The next three months were surrealistic.  Baby arrived every night to fuck Mandy.  Many times he
joined us for dinner, sometimes even bringing Chinese food or pizza as his contribution.  He
offered to take her out for dinner and dancing.  For a date, he said laughingly.  She always refused,
restricting their time together to our house. 

Once, I started to leave before he arrived.  Mandy stopped me. 

"I'm fucking him because of you, Sam. You need to be here while I do it."  

I always was.

No one ever made a scene.  Interestingly, Julie and Jenny came to like him.   He acted like a father
to them, giving them lectures about the dangers of men and drugs, buying them clothes and
jewelry.  He was a positive influence, replacing that influence I lost when he appeared in our lives. 
He was a part of our family now, like a rich, black uncle who came to dinner and stayed to fuck
the lady of the house.

Even I began to enjoy his presence.  He was an interesting man in many ways and different from
any other friend I had.  Friend.  Huh!  That's what he became in some weird way. 

In three months, Mandy was pregnant.  She made the announcement one evening at dinner at we
ate a prime rib she'd lovingly prepared.  Baby beamed with pride. The girls were actually excited
about it, asking questions, giggling, talking.  

The girls felt no fear from him.  He'd never been anything but polite and kind to them.   After
those first moments, Mandy never feared him, or, if she had, she hid it so well neither Baby nor I
recognized it.  

After dinner, when Baby took Mandy's hand to lead her to bed, she stopped him. 

"I need to be Sam's wife again for a while, Baby."

"Leave that sorry bastard and come be with me.  You and Julie and Jenny can be my family."

"No, Baby.  That wasn't our deal.  You're part of my family, but Sam's my husband."

"Dammit, I love you!"

She threw herself in his arms, wrapping her arms around his massive neck, holding on like a little
white barnacle on a black battleship. 

"I love you, too, and in a very special way, but I love Sam as well and I won't leave him."

"I'll kill the bastard!  I'll do it!"

When he reached in his coat to pull out a gun, Mandy grabbed his hand.

"Put it away, Baby.  Please.  For me," she said softly, her eyes holding and dominating this giant
man.  She led him from the table, talking to him as they went toward the door.

"Mother, maybe you should leave Dad for Baby.  He seems to be the man in the family," Julie
said. 

Baby spun. In an instant, he grabbed Julie under the arms and yanked her up, holding her in
midair.  She wet the floor as those cold, dead eyes of his made her squirm in his grasp.

"Julie, you've no idea how hard this is for all three of us.  You've no concept of what we're going
through.  I pray you're half the woman your mother is.  She has two men desperately in love with
her!"

He lowered Julie until her toes were on the floor, but he supported her weight.  She squirmed
trying to get down.

"If you ever speak ill of him again, I'll spank you until your lily white bottom's bright red. 
Apologize to your father!"  

He dropped her and she fell backwards before getting her balance. 

"Sorry, daddy," she whispered, but her eyes never left him.

From that night on, Baby came to our home once or twice a week, bearing gifts for Mandy and the
girls, having dinner, and visiting.  He wouldn't fuck Mandy, but she'd warmly and happily kiss
him goodbye at the door when he left.  And Mandy was talking to Baby regularly, keeping him
informed of her condition.

In her sixth month, she had her parents and mine over for dinner.  She explained she was having a
black baby and how the circumstances came to be.  Mandy's father was a racist.  He screamed at
me for doing this to his daughter, stormed from the room, and never spoke to me again.  That's
what I'd expected him to do.  Both my parents were humiliated by my causing this situation and
our relationship was never the same.  

When she was ready to deliver, Mandy called Baby on the way to the hospital using the cell phone
he'd given her.  There were three of us in the delivery room when a big, healthy baby boy came
into the world. He was adorable, the color of coffee with light cream.   Julie and Jenny, Mandy's
mother, and Baby's sister and her husband joined us in the waiting room. 

Mandy named the baby David White Johnson.  At first, Baby objected to using my name.  Mandy
convinced him it was better for the child since I'd be raising him.  Of course, Baby was so
enamored of her, she could've convinced him to take poison.

Baby became part of the family again, coming over almost every night to spend several hours.  He
brought toys and games, so many I was afraid we'd have to add a bedroom just to hold them. 
Baby and his baby were an integral part of the family. 

It was as if Mandy had two husbands, one white, one black, who both came home to her at night. 

When Davy, as we called David White Johnson, was about six months old, Baby was on the floor
playing with him and his giant body occupied most of the open space area.  The girls were with
me on the couch.  Mandy was in the easy chair.  We were happily visiting as a family would until
Mandy spoke.

"I want another child."

Tension crackled as we snapped to attention. 

"Actually, I want two more.  I want the next one to be yours, Baby.  Sam, I want the last one to be
yours."

"We discussed having more. We decided not . . . "

"You decided not!  I always wanted five.  I want two more and I want them just like I said. If you
don't want to father one, Baby'll father both."

Baby again came to our house every night to fuck Mandy and make her pregnant.  She made no
effort to conceal her joy at being fucked by him.  She'd missed his big cock in her and we all
knew it. 

The first time, when she was getting pregnant with Davy, she sent Baby home each night.  This
time, he often spent the night with her, not leaving until after breakfast the next morning.  My
time with her was almost eliminated.  I'd been supplanted as her spouse. 

Mandy tried to keep me satisfied, but it was clear to everyone my satisfaction came after hers and
Baby's.  Something else changed.  After she became pregnant the first time, Mandy no longer had
sex with Baby.  This time she asked to see both of us in the bedroom.  She sat in a chair, holding
both of our hands as she spoke.

"Sam, you asked me a question one time I refused to answer.  I'd like to answer it now.  Yes, I
like having sex with Baby.  I like his cock in me.  I like him fucking me.  I like it a lot."  She
stopped, making sure I understood. 

"I like you fucking me, too, Sam.  You and baby are different.  I feel differently toward you.  I like
both of you fucking me.  So, from now on, I'm going to have sex with both of you."

She stopped again, making sure we understood what she said, giving us nonverbal
communications again.

"I'll tell you which of you I want to fuck me each night.  I expect you to come if called, pun
intended.  And I don't want any complaints out of either of you."

Baby started to laugh, throwing back his giant head, guffawing until tears were in his eyes. 
Mandy giggled, then she, too, broke out in open laughter.  I was terribly hurt at first, but I knew
she really loved me, even if she loved Baby as much.  She kissed me, lovingly and tenderly, to
reassure me.  She wanted me to know I was loved by her, but so was Baby, and she'd fuck which
of us she chose. 

I may have caused this problem, but Mandy was enjoying its outcome.  She was getting the five
children she always wanted.  She was having two men fuck her as much as she wanted. And she
knew both of those men loved her with all their heart. 

"Who do you want tonight?"

"For the first time in my life, I want two men in my bed."

There we stood like two schoolboys waiting for the principal, except we were naked and standing
by her bed, watching as she gracefully and sensually undressed.  Both Baby and I got hard from
watching and thinking about this woman whose love we shared.  She opened a bottle of petroleum
jelly and lubricated her asshole, which I knew was virgin territory.  She had a sexy smile as she
lubricated my cock. 

"You boys think you can figure out how I want you?" she asked with a grin. 

Baby got on his back on the bed.  She swung her leg across him, slowly slipping his cock deep
inside her waiting pussy.  She asked me to wait.  I watched her face as she fucked herself on his
black monster.  After two orgasms, when the sheen of sweat covered her and her eyes were glazed
with desire, she whispered, "Okay, Sam. Do me slowly back there."

I got behind her as she bent forward, putting her cheek against Baby's chest.  I saw his black hands
cover her ass, spreading her ass cheeks, readying my wife for me.  

"Oh, ohhhh, ohhhhhhh," she moaned as I slipped into her, feeling his cock through her thin
membranes.  Her asshole was tight, dry compared to her cunt, but slick with lubricant.   Baby and
I went slowly, both of us intent on nothing except her pleasure. 

Strange, isn't it?  This giant black man and I both only wanted her pleasure.  I could see it in his
eyes as he looked at me and he could see it in mine. 

Baby and I shared Mandy from that point on, each of us coming to her at her direction and usually
both of us sleeping in her bed at night. 

The second boy by Baby was named Henry Winston Johnson, after Baby's father (Henry) and
grandfather (Winston, which was also Baby's middle name).  He was born when Davy was
seventeen months old.  Samuel Arnold Johnson, Jr. was born twelve months after Hank. 

By that time, I was cured of my gambling.  My career finally was blossoming and we were better
off financially than we had ever been.  Baby'd paid for Julie and Jenny's college and established
trust funds for all three boys.  This freed the money I made for other things, including a larger
home.  

The new home was really designed for a wife, two husbands, and five children, which is the way
we lived.  Baby'd moved in after Mandy made her announcement about wanting more children
and never moved out. 

That was our family until that day four years after Sammy's birth when Baby was shot to death in
a crime related incident. 

During those four years, I'd come to care for and admire Baby almost as much as Mandy did. 
And Baby cared for me.  Our common love of Mandy and her five children had made us brothers. 
I no longer felt humiliation or regret when he fucked her or when she curled in his lap to be held. 
She was a treasure I was sharing with a friend. 

We all attended his funeral where Mandy gave one of the eulogies, telling his family and friends
of his two boys she had delivered, telling of her love for him, a love that continued in his sons. 
His family stared at mine, at the white man and wife with two older white daughters, and three
younger boys, two black and one white, all mourning this giant, black man.

It was a month before we mentioned him again, although we all thought of him every day.

"Do you miss him?"

She turned toward me on the bed. Staring into my eyes, she said:

"Yes. I miss him.  I loved him, Sam. I loved him deeply, but that never diminished my love for
you.  I didn't love him like I loved you.  He was a good man to me and to my family.  I'm sad
those boys will never get to know him.  I'm sad he's gone and sad he won't get to see his children
grow up.  Every parent deserves that right, Sam."

She curled up in my arms and cried.

I know Mandy loves me.  She probably loves me more than I deserve.  

I know she loves all five children equally, which is with all her heart and mind and soul and
might.

And I know each Sunday she places fresh flowers on Baby's grave.


The End

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com




