
Fireworks at the marina on the Fourth of July.

It is the Fourth of July in sunny North Idaho, so there will be a parade through town and loads of tourists and locals at the City Beach. Angie and I stood in my bedroom trying to figure out what would be the sexiest legal stuff we could wear for the event. We were going swimming later so we either had to wear our suits underneath or take them along in a backpack. 

Also I had a devious plan that called for me to get myself off at exactly One O'clock, so my new friend Gia down in the smog city in California would know I was doing it, and hopefully wet her shorts thinking about me. So Angie decided we should wear dresses and take the suits along. I pulled on a little sundress that is so skimpy I might as well be naked and Angie put on a poncho like little thing that she and I  had been given by my aunt when she came to visit one time. It falls loosely down over her back and front and ties at the sides, so if she turns real quick it might open and expose her tanned little body and big clit if she isn't careful. The front is vee necked almost down to her navel so I get to ogle her long nipples if I stand by her just right, which she loves for me to do. She says it makes her so hot to know I am lusting after her that way.

Anyway, we finally managed to get out to the car after groping and kissing down the hall and through the living room and out the door. We jumped in giggling like crazy and sped off to town, singing and bopping to the beat like always. The town was jumping, and the cops guided us to the parking area. We walked over to Main Street and stood by the lamp post to watch for the first floats in the parade.

It was blistering hot, the heat rose from the asphalt in shimmers like a mirage as the parade walked by in front of us, complete with twirling batons, honking horns, and waving flags, etc. like all home town parades. Then the big logging trucks came along with the fifties old cars, all in all not too bad for a little burg like we live in. By the time it was over we were soaked from sweating in the tight crowd, and our light outfits stuck to our bodies like second skins. 

We managed to make it to the outdoor restaurant and sat down in the shade to sip cokes and people watch. I pulled my little dress away from my body to let some air in to cool my sweaty breasts and tummy. Angie ogled me the whole time until I felt my nipples start to stiffen and my breasts start swelling like they always do when I get turned on.

"Angie, stop that sweetie, you're making me wet looking at me like that!"

She laughed and licked her lips seductively, making me squirm in my seat. "Poor little baby girl, got her knickers in an uproar, hunh? Only you don't wear any so I guess that won't fly hunh?" she teased, as she ran her hand up my leg making me shudder and gasp.

"Angie, watch it, people are looking!" I panted as she kept inching higher on my hot thigh.

She looked around at the crowd and noticed a few men sneaking peeks at us and grinned, "Isn't that what gets you hot anyway, honey?" she chuckled, as her fingers snuck under the hem on my short dress and grazed my wet cunt lips lightly. I jerked in my seat and pushed her hand away as I blushed.

"God, Ang, I'm about to wet my dress here, please stop it until later, okay?"

"Oh, all right, party pooper, By the way, what time is it? Have you forgotten your promise to Gia?"

"Ohmigod!" I gasped as I looked at my watch, "It's almost One and I can't get off here. Let's go find someplace more private, okay?"

Angie looked around again and shrugged and said, "Seems to me this is as good a place as any, the crowd has thinned down to a trickle and the table will conceal most of your legs and stomach, so go for it."

I stood up and pulled her to her feet and said, "No, it's too public, sweetie, I don't want to go to jail. Come on, let's go over by that railing down by the marina, it's more secluded and nobody walks by there very often. Hurry, it's almost time."

We ran over to the marina and leaned against the railing and faced the water as I looked around for people, and seeing nobody close slid my hand up my thigh under my dress and raked my nails along my slit making me shudder and gasp. My nipples jumped up and pushed my sticky top out so I could look down at my swollen breasts and the pink cones hard as rocks on the ends with my little dress barely hanging on the tips.

Angie moved close to shield me from the street and slid her hand up under my dress from the side and found my fingers. She pushed them over my clit and I jerked against the railing making it shake and the gate near us rattle.

"God, Jan, you're dripping! What are you thinking about?"

"Gia in her tub, masturbating while she fantasizes about me," I panted, as I moved my hips back and forth pushing my mound along the middle railing and teasing my clit while I slid my fingers between my wet cunt lips and into my hot little cunt.

"Now I'm sliding up and down her slick body rubbing my knee up into her crotch and against her cunt, while she probes my butt with her fingers. Oh God, Ang, is it One, yet? I need to come really bad. I can't hold out much longer," I panted, as I shoved harder against the railing and pumped my fingers faster and faster in my hot cunt, making chills run up and down my spine.

"Ten, nine, eight, seven--," she counted down as she ran her hands over my nipples and squeezed my breasts making them throb and ache. I fucked my hot cunt faster and faster and flicked my clit over and over with my cunt juice slick fingers. Angie leaned in and kissed me and murmured in my mouth, "six, five, four, three---."

I continued my vision of Gia in her tub arching up out of the water, and it running out from between her legs revealing her shining cunt glistening wet with her cunt juices and the bubble bath oil and I felt my orgasm start as Angie sucked my lips and whispered, "two, one, zero!" and I bit her lip hard and jerked against the railing and then threw my head back with my eyes scrunched closed and gasped and screamed, "I'm coming Gia! Oh God I'm commiiiing!" as the contractions hit and my cunt pulsed and throbbed and I spurted down on the hot pavement from under my sweat soaked little dress.

The railing banged and clattered and my legs shook and my whole body jerked as the waves rolled up and down over and over until they slowly started ebbing and I started coming down from a huge orgasm. Angie kept kissing and licking my hot lips and face and panting softly beside me as she held my hand tight against my cunt under my dress until I finally relaxed and let out a long sigh. She released her hold and I slowly pulled my sopping wet fingers out of my sore little cunt and wiped them on my sweaty legs.

We looked around and gasped when we saw the crowd of people, standing by the railing on the deck of the steak house which is situated overlooking the marina above us, staring in complete silence. I blushed from my head to my toes as did Angie and we looked at each other for a long time trying to figure how we were going to get out of this one. Then a strange thing happened.

Evidently the crowd was almost all male, maybe a visiting basketball or softball team, whatever. Anyway, they started slowly clapping until everybody joined in and raised their beer glasses and bottles high and cheered and hooted and hollered their approval of our little show. Angie grinned and kissed me passionately as the cheering got louder and they yelled, "More! More!" 

When she let me go she stared at me and whispered, "Let's give it to them, want to?"

"What are you saying, Ang? What do you want to do? We're on the public walk in front of a whole crowd of guys, are you insane?" I whispered back, trembling at the thought of what she might be about to come up with next.

A crowd was slowly gathering of more half drunken holiday partiers, and the cheering and chanting got louder and louder as I stared at Angie with that cute little impish grin on her face. She whispered, "Untie my dress, Jan, I want them to see my naked body. They're all out of town people who we'll never see again, so let's do it, okay?"

I looked around again at all the expectant looks and then sighed as I reached around and untied the little bows on her poncho dress. I was scared to death but I can't ever refuse my little lover her moment in the spotlight, so I was ready to do whatever it took to make her happy.

She was positively glowing as I slid my hands in through the side openings and tugged gently on her long nipples. She closed her eyes and gasped softly as I kneaded her firm breasts. Her whole little body was trembling with the thrill of exposing herself as I reached down and raised her dress up slowly letting the crowd get more and more turned on as my little lovers tanned tight little body came into view. 

She shook when I tugged it finally all the way off and the crowd went wild screaming their approval of the stunning little girl now stark naked in front of them. 

"Turn me around and stand behind me and make love to me so they can see what you are doing, okay? " Angie panted in my mouth as she kissed me again, hard. I shuddered at what I was about to do and my cunt started pouring moisture down my legs again, it was so erotic.

I turned her around and hugged her back against me so I felt her hard little buns press against my mound through my sweaty dress. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes as she panted, " Yesssss, they are all looking at me, and lusting after me, and I'm sooo turned on I could scream!" The sun was shining down on her naked body making her skin hot to my touch as I ran my hands up to cup her breasts and the crowd all of a sudden got deathly still as they watched,  holding their breath to see what would happen next. I heard one voice murmur, "Jesus, would you look at that?"

I continued to knead and tug until Angie's breasts were all swollen and her nipples were huge and stiff. I ran my fingernails all over the tight little nubs and she gasped each time I did. Her mouth was hanging open as her head lolled back against my shoulder and she licked her lips constantly. I slid my tongue into her ear and sucked and nibbled gently driving her wild.

"Oh, God, Jan, I'm so hot and so turned on, fuck me honey, now, fuck my wet little cunt hard! Yank my clit, there, like that, oh God!" She panted loudly, and I heard the crowd start panting with her. I tugged her big clit until it swelled out like a little penis and she rocked back and forth driving me nuts as her bottom teased my own clit through the thin material of my sundress. The sweat poured off her forehead and neck and ran down off her hard nipples and splattered on the hot asphalt as I worked her over, harder and harder. My hands were a blur now as I flew over her nipples and stomach and cunt and back up again to repeat the process. Each time I reached her cunt lips I slid in and out and flicked her engorged clit. She was shaking so bad I could hardly hold her still enough to keep driving her higher and higher toward her climax.

I heard gasping and panting all around us as the crowd on the walk edged closer until we were in a tight little enclosed area, with staring strangers gawking and groping each other as I brought Angie closer and closer to an orgasm.

Then she broke and arched her hips up against my hand and grabbed my wrists as she screamed, " I'm comiiiiing!!!!" so loud my ears rang, and her cunt exploded on the tarmac, and she came and came and came again, jerking against me until I was almost to come again myself. The crowd roared then and I knew almost everybody there must have creamed their drawers, they had to, and it was so wild! I gushed until my dress was sopping wet in front and Angie ground back against me when she realized that I was coming too.

She shook and shook and I held her up as the contractions threatened to pull her out of my grasp. Then finally it passed and silence settled over the group as they watched Angie slowly come down from her orgasm. I kept rubbing her gently all over and kissing her ear and whispering how awesome she looked. Then she opened her eyes and turned around and threw her arms around my neck and crushed me to her sweaty little body in the most passionate kiss she had ever given me in my life.

"Oh, God, Jan, that was something else, wasn't it?" she finally asked when we could speak again. I nodded as I rested my forehead against hers and smiled and pecked little kisses all over her sweet little face and eyes. She hugged me tighter as the last of her cum mingled with mine as it pooled at our feet. As I put her dress back on the guys on the upper deck cheered again and again, and money rained down in a flurry of ones and tens and twenties at our feet. One guy picked it all up and handed it to me with a big grin on his handsome face.

We slowly walked back through town holding each other up as people we passed looked at us in our sweaty clothes looking like two hookers who had just been laid. We flopped down in the car and I drove home, all thoughts of going swimming wiped clean out of my mind, with Angie holding my hand and running her fingers up and down my arm lovingly and her head resting on my shoulder.

We went in and hit the shower and revived our worn out little bodies, then I went in and fired up the computer to write this story. 

And that was the Fourth of July, 2007 in my little town, which will never be forgotten by the group of Californians and others who witnessed the two little teenagers making wild passionate love in the hot sun by the marina railing. 

Oh, and by the way, yummy Gia, did you feel it too?
