Jenny Poos Her Panties

Jenny checked her watch again, and found it only a minute since she had last checked it. The lecture was due to finish quarter of an hour ago, but the lecturer seemed in no hurry. Jenny was beginning to get quite anxious, she was desperate to use the toilet, but this wasn't unusual for her. Jenny had enjoyed holding on and pretending to have accidents in her panties for years. She was in her final year at university now, but had been pooping and peeing herself since she the start of high-school. 

A sharp pain in her side brought Jenny's mind back to her predicament. She really needed to poo, having not done so for over 2 days now. Jenny had been holding on, hoping to get through her morning's lectures and back to her house for the afternoon. Neither of her housemates would be at home until late that night and Jenny had planned on having some fun in their absence. Now the pressure to poop was becoming almost unbearable. Jenny shuffled in her seat and pulled the waistband of her stretch jeans away from her stomach slightly, so as to ease the pressure a little. She was already getting very excited at the thoughts of all the things she might like to do as soon as she got home. She loved to mess and wet herself in virtually every way you could imagine, but of course Jenny had her favourites. 

She pictured herself at home, lying on her bed wearing just a pair of cotton panties - white sloggi's, deep cut at the side they were definitely Jenny's favourite style of panties for pooping in. The cut at the sides held them up close and they hugged her bottom and her crotch tightly, though not so tightly that there wasn't room enough to hold a good load of poo snugly up against her bottom in their full-cut seat. Tight fitting white cotton panties always reminded Jenny of the accident she'd had at home aged 12 when she'd first realised how good pooping herself felt. In Jenny's mind she saw herself in her favourite position this afternoon, lying on her front on her bed. Her panties stretched tightly over her bottom, her hand slowly caressing her crotch as she slowly, slowly filled her panties with first hard firm poop, which she had to strain to push out against her panties, and then finally with softer poo which coated her bottom in the most sensual way. Yes, Jenny decided, that would be the first thing she would do this afternoon after she got home.

By now Jenny was getting desperate for the lecture to finish, she could hardly wait to get home, and in any case would have to quickly or else to find a toilet and miss her chance for such fun. A few minutes later the lecture finally came to an end, and Jenny grabbed her notes, shoved them into her shoulder bag and almost ran out of the lecture theatre. She considered using the toilet in the institute hall as she left, but that wasn't what she wanted to do, and in any case could make it home - it was only twenty minutes walk.
Jenny walked briskly along the street, all the time thinking about the fun she would soon be having. She was really getting quite wet now, and loved the way that her jeans and panties slipped past her sex with every step she took. Another sharp pain in her side stopped brought her mind back to the present. Jenny actually had to stop herself walking and support herself against someone's garden fence. 

For the first time Jenny was beginning to regret holding on so long. She'd done this lots of times before, but had always made it home in time to have her fun in private. Now she was away from the centre of town, surrounded by large houses, no shops and certainly no public toilets. There were still lots of people walking in the streets and Jenny really didn't want to mess herself in public - what if someone she knew saw her? The cramp passed, and Jenny stood up and began to walk again, this time slower than before as she concentrated on keeping control. She had to make it home.

Five minutes later Jenny had to stop again. The pain this time was terrible. She could hardly hold out any longer. Jenny sat down on a nearby wall and hoped the cramp would pass soon, but the pain continued. She could feel a huge firm mass of poop inside herself, and was having no trouble actually holding it there, but the pain was awful. What could she do? She was now only a few streets away from home, but she had to go now. There was nothing for it but to poop herself a little, not so much that someone might notice but just enough to relieve the pain and the pressure.

People were still walking past her regularly, and she was in full view where she sat. There was no way she could do that here. Jenny scanned the road looking for some cover. The best she saw was the garden next door to the house whose garden wall she was sitting on now. There was a tall wall between that garden and the wall, and a large bushy tree shielded a small gap on the garden side of the wall from being over-looked by the houses themselves. Jenny's heart thumping she rushed into this gap and taking a quick look around, put down her bag and stood with her legs apart.

The moment she relaxed her muscles Jenny felt her poop begin to move down, but it didn't yet come out. She spread her legs still slightly further and steadied herself against the wall in front of her. Pushing hard now Jenny felt the enormous poo pushing her bottom open as it moved slowly but steadily out, and touched her panties. She was wearing good clean panties today - still white cotton, but she had planned to change to an older pair before she pooped herself.

Jenny had never shit her pants anywhere not completely private before as she had always been terrified of getting caught. Her heart was pounding now as she continued to push and her panties and jeans stretched out further away from her bottom. Still, it felt so good and Jenny moved her right hand down from the wall and began to rub herself through her jeans, still slowly pooping more and more into her panties. She knew she had to stop and get home. She knew she would surely be found out if she did it all in her pants here. The bulge and the smell would be far to much to hide especially in her stretch jeans which showed every detail of her perfect behind - and of anything which shouldn't be there in a grown-up girl's pants.

Jenny couldn't help herself though, it felt so good she kept on pooping and pooping and pooping, filling her panties so much that some poop squeezed out from the back of the leg openings. The stretch jeans kept it all right up close to her bottom though, and she loved the feeling of having such a big heavy load of poop pushed so tightly up against her, forcing her cheeks apart.
Just as she finally finished she came hard into her already soaking panties, and stood for fully two minutes panting, her heart refusing to stop pounding. She realised the situation she was now in. She was at least 500 metres from home and had a huge load of poop in her panties. Ordinarily Jenny would have panicked, but instead she just had a very naughty thought. What if she didn't try to dump some of the poop out of her pants here, but instead walked home with her panties full? Jenny had always been scared of getting caught and of anyone knowing she liked to mess herself, but was suddenly feeling so turned on that the thought of doing something so naughty gave her the courage that she needed.

Jenny stood up straight and caught her breath for a moment. She reached back behind herself and felt the very hot and lumpy seat of her jeans. Anyone walking behind her would surely be able to tell what she had done. The bulge in her jeans was at least the size of two tennis balls, though Jenny felt for all the world like it was two footballs. Her jeans left nothing to the imagination, and she worried that the softer poo that had escaped from the leg bands of her panties might be staining through, but there was no way to check now.

Picking up her bag she took a couple of steps forward. Well, you could call them steps, but it was more of a waddle really. Her panties were so full that no matter how normally she tried to walk she just looked like a baby girl who had completely shit her pants. Jenny stopped and her mind raced again - was it really a good idea to walk home like this? What if she met someone she knew? The more she thought about it though the more naughty she felt and she knew that she couldn't resist. The thought of other people seeing her shameful secret really turned her on. Jenny set off again.

Shortly later Jenny arrived home. All through the walk home people had been staring at her bottom and her full panties. The poop was really firm and hadn't spread out any more while she walked, so Jenny had been forced to continue her baby girl walk all the way back. Each time she passed someone in the street she was sure that they were going to say something or point at her, so sure that her heart pounded, but each time they just passed by looking and without a word.

Back at home Jenny dumped her bag in the hall and ran as quickly as she could, which wasn't very quickly, up to the bathroom. Turning round, she looked at her bottom in the mirror. The bulge in her jeans was huge, and there were two brown streaks for a couple of inches down the inside backs of her legs. She couldn't believe she'd been out in public like that. All those people seeing what a naughty little girl she'd been.

Jenny climbed into the bathtub, all the time repeating to herself out loud what a naughty girl she was, and how big girls like her should know better than to poop their knickers, and how all those strangers in the street had seen what a naughty dirty girl she was. She kept repeating all of this to herself as she spread her legs and turned to face the wall, looking over her shoulder at the mirror showing her shamefully poopy jeans. Without a second though she wet herself. Hot liquid pooled in the crotch of her panties and ran down the legs of her jeans, turning them dark immediately. This sent Jenny wild - now she'd been naughty again and wet herself deliberately. She couldn't hold on any longer and quickly undid her jeans and pulled them half way down her thighs, before beginning to rub herself furiously though her soaking wet cotton panties. Jenny reached back behind herself with her other hand and began to gently and rhythmically spank her bottom right on top of the bulge in the back of her panties. She kept repeating, between gasping and panting, what a naughty little girl she'd been for completely messing herself and pooping and wetting her panties. Within a minute she had two fantastic orgasms, the second forcing her to sink to her knees and stop. Beyond caring now, Jenny lay back completely in the tub, sitting on her bottom, and causing poo to gush out of the legs and back waistband of her panties.

She continued slowly rubbing herself, but was now completely spent. Half dozing, Jenny just lay still for a while getting her breath back and thinking about everything she'd done. She knew that she couldn't wait until she needed to poo again, and she knew that she would be doing it in her pants again.