
Mr. Orange Line
My four favorite words... "I'm about to cum". It was a Monday and
as usual I was running late for work and had to face the chaos of
catching the Orange Line from the Metro Center during nine
o'clock rush hour. As the train slowed I quickly scanned the cars
to see which one was the least crowded, no luck. Every car on the
train was standing room only. I stepped on the second to the last
car and made my way to the middle where I was sandwiched between
two attractive brothers in business wear, one facing me and the
other behind. I pulled my Coach bag across my shoulder and
gripped the bar above my head with both hands. As we passed the
first two stops instead of people getting off, more and more got
on. The train was filled to capacity and the sophisticated
brothers who had started out about two feet away from me were now
literally on top of me. The first one to my front I analyzed as
the quiet type, a definite introvert. He stood about 6"2 with
flawless mahogany color skin and a slight mustache. He wore
micro-plaid black and burgundy Nautica pants with a starched
white shirt and a color-coordinated burgundy Nautica tie. His
hair was short with little waves. I guessed at him being between
twenty-seven or twenty-eight. He resembled Sean Patrick Thomas
off "Barbershop" or "Save the Last Dance" and smelled good enough
to eat. To this day I cannot place the cologne he was wearing but
it was a cross between DKNY and Eternity. I thought to myself
that I can really play with this situation and so of course I
did. Upon departure from the second stop, the train jerked
forward and I used it as an opportunity to fall into Mr. Nautica
in front of me but instead of pulling away I remained pressed up
against his front until I felt the bulge of his pants begin to
rise and then I slowly backed off. I looked down at his dick as
it grew in his pants and then stared straight into his eyes with
my "I will turn your ass out" look. The expression on his face
was at first of surprise but then of "lets get off at the next
stop and get a room". At the third stop the train jerked again
and I intentionally jolted back so my soft phat ass bumped
against Mr. Business man's dick in back of me. He was a total
extrovert, which I guessed based on his manicured nails,
constantly ringing cell phone, and copy of Vibe he clenched to
with bookmarks probably of pages with the female models he would
get off on when he got to his office. He also stood over 6'0 feet
extremely broad shoulders, light-brown skin and a semi-curly high
and tight fade. He wore loose-fitting khakis and a power-blue
shirt with khaki pinstripes. He appeared to be a mixture of
possibly Black and Latino and sexy as hell. As the train
proceeded down the rail, I took every bump as an invitation to
bounce my ass against his now hard dick. The train was so crowded
no one was able to see the seduction occurring right next to
them. Even funnier, the men themselves didn't realize I was
teasing both of them at once. With a hard dick pressed against my
pussy and one pressed against my ass I rode down the rail until
my front pleasure came to his stop and sadly departed. As he
stood and watched my train pull away I saw him through the window
staring at me and mouthing the words "tomorrow" while pointing to
his watch. With Mr. Nautica gone I focused my energy on Mr.
Pinstripe who I now refer to as Mr. Orange Line. The train had
somewhat cleared but because of the traffic, we ended up at the
back of the car with him against the back door. As I rubbed my
ass against his dick I felt him slowly moving his hand up my
thigh and under my A.S.L. Kasper skirt. His mouth was so close to
the back of my neck I could feel hot moist air blowing in my hair
and ear. When he moved his fingers up far enough to feel my
garter belt his excitement increased. I hadn't worn my panties
because of the summer heat and when his fingers rubbed around the
outer lips of my pussy I bit my bottom lip to stop myself from
moaning. With each bump he thrust his finger in and out of my
pussy and when I came I pulled the bar overhead so tight the
screws felt like they were loosening. When we approached the
fifth stop he tried the conductors door and luckily for us it was
unlocked. We slipped in and he sat down. I dropped to my knees in
front of him and proceeded to unzip his pants and place his
extra-long hot dick in my mouth. The more of him I tried to
swallow the more he grunted and pushed my head into his lap until
he grabbed a handful of my hair in one hand, a handful of my ass
in the other and shook. He squirted and gushed through my teeth
and down my throat with warm milky cum and I swallowed every
drop. By the time we finished our escapade I realized we were
back at Metro Center and going in the opposite direction. I got
off, went home and called off sick with a pussy-ache.



