Doctors help inducing labor in my pregnant wife
By Bhuralund@gmail.com


My wife's delivery was overdue by two weeks. There was no sign of a breaking water bag or any signal of approaching labor contractions. Her doctor was worried and said he would induce labor through some medicine. So my heavily pregnant wife and I went to the hospital. We had to wait for some time as the private single room we had requested was not free yet. Anyway by the time the room was free it was already late evening. The doctor was busy with another cesarean delivery and couldn't attend to us. However, he sent one of his colleagues - an experienced old Tamil doctor from Sri Lanka. He was nice enough and started chatting with us. He believed in the old midwife system - still prevalence in India, Sri Lanka and even in England.

"If I were you," said the 60-year-old doctor, his jet black skin shining with coconut oil, "I would prefer natural induction."

"Natural induction? How?" I asked, my curiosity tickled.

"Well, my having sex, my dear son," he said, under his breath away from my wife, adding, "nature has provided a man's sperm ability to induce labor to shorten the process."

"Wouldn't it be too painful to have sex now?" I asked.

"It could be. But there are means to provide comfort to the woman," he elaborated.

"Like how?"

"Anyway, your doctor was planning to give her epidural which eliminates any physical pain associated with delivery. So what you could do is to give her epidural and then use that to induce labor naturally," he grinned.

"Should I tell her?"

"No way, son, she will only get agitated. But if you like I can give her an epidural and maybe something to sleep. And you can do your work unabated. It will be some relief for you too as you won't be able to have any sex in the next few months at all," he grinned conspiratorially. 

"Okay, why don't you do that," I said like an eager child.

Dr Shanmugam, as was his name, did as he had told me. And after the 10-minute procedure, true to his word, my wife was blissfully asleep.  I thought the doctor would leave us alone and when I asked him, he told me rather sternly, "Once a woman is induced epidural, it is necessary for a trained doctor or nurse to be around because some complications may arise. But go ahead and have a fuck. I won't look. I have seen enough couples having sex like this so don't worry about me. As it is I am like your father."

I took his word and climbed the creaky mechanical bed to fuck my pregnant wife. But with the doctor peeking in from front and with all others stress of a father-to-be unfortunately I just couldn't get a hard on...my cock remained limp even after receiving a lot of pulling and squeezing from my good old hand.

"Jesus Christ," Dr Shanmugam cursed, "If I knew you won't be able to get your cock up, I wouldn't have given her epidural. Now I can't even give her the inducing agent to open her pussy up." I was very nervous and my cock visually shrunk a little more, looking like a boy's small uncut penis. Gingerly and very terrified, I asked, "Oh doctor please do something."

"Let me think," the cunning old fox scratched his grey hair, and added after a few wondering moments, "Actually I have a bunch of young virile Sri Lankan students who are in the hospital on a study trip. Maybe I can ask if they can volunteer." He punched some numbers on his mobile phone and spoke to someone in Tamil. He laughed heartily throughout his conversation and his face had very mean, evil and devilish expressions. But of course I didn't understand a single word. He hung up and said soberly, "They should be here soon." In five minutes, there was a knock at the door, and Shanmugam almost ran to open the door. In came three swarthy black men, their bloodshot eyes piercing at me and my wife's exposed pussy (which I had forgotten to cover after my unsuccessful attempt at fucking her meaty enlarged pussy).

They were athletic all right but they didn't look like students to me. They looked more like construction workers with their thick necks and bulging biceps. They were also very sweaty and untidy and as they locked the door behind them a male urine-sweat-musk smell filled the room. They chatted in Tamil and laughed some more. I realized that I had also forgotten to pack my small deflated pathetic penis inside my pants and when I quickly tried to cover up Shanmugam, the cunning old Tamil fox stopped me, "Never mind, maybe it will encourage them to get a hardon to fuck your wife...I mean induce labor in your wife." So I let it twiddle in front of my thick pubic hair like a small stump.

One of the men had already dipped his dirt-stained black fingers in my wife's meaty fully pussy. He bent down and sniffed and snorted like a low-class beggar or like a breeding bull after sniffing the pussy of a cow in heat. He continued the assault of my pregnant wife's pussy lubricating it further with one hand and unzipped his pants with the other. He pulled out a half hard cock - which was as big half hard as three hard cocks the size of my piddly cock. It grew to full mast at 11 inches. It was as wide as his thick writs and black long hair fanned around its thick black root. Without waiting for any invitation, he rubbed his uncut black cock up and down my pregnant wife's lotus bud shaped pussy. As the purple head sliced its way in, my wife's pussy opened up like a flower in bloom. The pink folds of flesh were clearly visible as the black fuck meat pole sliced its way deeper and deeper. He was almost in, with one fat black inch still outside, when he muttered something.
"His cock has hit bottom...or maybe the cock has hit the head of your unborn child," said the Sri Lankan Tamil doctor, sending shivers of joy in my heart.

"So we don't need to induce anymore," I said joyfully and grasped the black worker's thick cock from the root to pull it out of my wife's pussy. I got a slap on my face. It was a forceful and painful slap. "You idiot, it means that she needs the labor to start NOW...so this is the right time to release some fresh sperm inside," the angry doctor yelled at me, and addressed the worker with his cock inside my pregnant wife, "Thangu, yada yada yada." But the way the worker started fucking my wife earnestly, holding her big belly and massaging her heavy boobs from time to time, I understood the doctor had asked him to continue. The worker fucked my wife for 10 minutes and released a torrent of fresh black Tamilian seed in my epidural-induced wife. As he pulled out, a stream of cum flooded out.

"Oh cum on you idiot," the doctor addressed me, "Hold the sperm up. Push it back in otherwise it will not be effective." I did as advised and started pushing the black worker's scalding hot fresh sperm back in my wife's gaping hairy pussy. It was difficult to push it with my thin fingers, and I felt the doctor's strong hand push my head down to my wife's pussy, "Use you wide tongue, you asshole." And true, his suggestion was better as I was able to use my tongue to lap and push the hot sperm back in the wide hairy tunnel. But inadvertently first some and eventually most of the sperm went inside my mouth where I had no choice but to swallow the bitter smelly cum.

After that, the doctor inspected my wife's pussy. He pulled the cunt lips apart and called all the workers to show her innards - a wide, hungry looking pussy that was winking invitingly. It was hard to resist such invitation and the second black worker pulled out his cock. His uncut black Tamilian cock was only eight inches (still double the size of mine) but it was incredibly thick. More than a coke can. But I reasoned that if a child whose head is usually bigger than a coke can, can come out of the pussy, this black worker's cheese smeared cock should not have any trouble entering it. And sure enough, the worker happily and effortlessly penetrated my wife's messy, tangled pussy and fucked her senseless body with a look of pleasure only seen on a dirty worker's face when he gets a free pussy to fuck. He fucked her slowly, and seemingly enjoyed the pleasure of a fuck. But then he got tired and pulled out. His cock had also lost some of its hardness. He mumbled some lame excuse in Tamil and Shanmugam translated for my benefit much to loud cheers and laughter from the workers, "He says he is not used to fucking a lifeless pussy and is losing interest in inducing labor in your poor wife...he wants his fat cock to be sucked by a warm mouth and since she is your wife, and they are doing you a favor, it is your honor to suck his cock and be his cock-sucker."

Well, remembering the hard slap I had recently got for disobeying him, I meekly sat down on my knees and took his almost rock hard smelly cock in my mouth. I gagged and deservedly got a hard slap. But then I sucked his cock with all my might and like...to prepare him to release his load in my wife's pregnant pussy. After a long 10-minutes of jaw-breaking blowjob he pushed me away and started fucking my wife like he was about to come. I wanted to watch but Dr Shanmugam told me to prepare the other "breeding stud" while my wife was getting her second dose of sperm.

The third worker, the dirtiest of them all and also the shortest, dangled his absolutely limp cock in my face. It was black to boot and the uncut foreskin extended an inch below the tip. I pulled it up and brought to my mouth and almost gagged again with the utterly unsavory smell. Piss - shit - dried cum - sweat - oh god only know what all smells were emanating from his ugly, horrid limp cock. Anyway, I slowly started blowing it in my moist warm mouth like a calf suckling on a cow's teat. And after I had swallowed all his stench, smeared smelly crusts, it started growing up. And what a growth! It was a full 10-inch long and thick enough for me to stretch my big mouth completely to accommodate it inside. Behind me, the second worker had just shot thick ropes of smelly sperm in my wife wide pregnant pussy and the third worker just pushed me to her pussy to clean the mess left by his friend.

I sucked like a mad man and swallowed every single drop. My wife's pussy was visually contracting now...getting wider and wider...Dr Shanmugam inspected it and asked the third worker to quickly fuck her to help the contractions. The third smelly worker fucked away the wide funky pussy and it started squelching with all the liquids around. In her sleep, my wife also let go of a small stream of piss which made the worker's dirty dong become even harder and he fucked her with all his might. Soon there was no contact between his fat cock and my wife's extremely wide open pussy. The third black Tamil Sri Lankan worker unloaded his copious cum to my wife's pussy and that really did it...as my wife convulsed and my son, a true copy of me, was born. His body covered with the fresh sperm from the black worker.

The three black workers cheers and clapped as the doctors cleaned the baby and took him out to the nursery. When he retuned, he lined the three workers in front of me and made me suck their cocks and swallow their loads in appreciation of their help in inducing my wife's labor. Once I was done, he pulled out his short fat black cut cock and pushing it in my mouth said, "And what about thanking me for such a splendid suggestion?"

Needless to say, I sucked him too.