My girlfriend Charlene was spending yet another weekend out of town working with her boss.  I didn't like it at all but what could I do about it, to be honest her boss scares me.  It's not only because he a black guy he is also huge and muscular and the look he gives me lets me know he could kick my ass easy.  While Charlene is out of town she has me clean her apartment, I know how that sounds but really I don't mind and I like to do things to make her happy.

I clean the whole place, doing the bedroom last because I like to linger there so I can spend some time handling those things close to her like her sheets and sometime maybe even her under-things.  The first thing I see is her laptop and I worry that she might have forgotten it for her trip.  I open it to see that she has not logged off as of yet and when curiosity got the best of me I snooped around to see what she had on it.  There wasn't much but I did see a file named Charlene's Journal and thinking I might find some hidden secrets about the love of my life I could not help but pry.  I could see it wasn't too big and maybe she had just started it.  I thought that she might have some of her feelings on me in it so I clicked on it and ended up getting the shock of my life.  The following is copied from her journal and I'm sure you will be as shocked as I was.
 
Entry 1:  Reasons Why Women Love a Big Black Cock:
1.  Length - a woman needs to feel the depth of penetration for that deep spot orgasm.
2. Girth - feeling a veiny & meaty cock rubbing the insides of the vagina feels amazing and makes for fantastic orgasms.
3. This is the kind of cock that makes blowjobs so much fun as well as tasty!
4. No faking required, a real cock makes for real orgasms.
5. Visually appealing - chocolate color, engorged with blood and oh so sensitive!
6. The man it is attached to, not some wimp who whines and begs but a real man who takes what he wants whether the woman likes it or not, of course what woman wouldn't want to satisfy such a man.
   
Entry 2: My dreams are of marring a white man who knows about my passion and belief that the black man is superior to the white man.  I dream about my wedding night when he will turn me over to my black lovers for breeding, each one taking their turn, dumping their black seed deep inside of me.  My God what a night it will be.  I know that Charles loves me and wants to be my husband but is enough of a man to be able to live with my desires.

Entry 3: I want a cuckold husband, nothing more, and nothing less.  I couldn't imagine myself crawling into our king sized bed each night and pretending that his touch did anything for me, because it wouldn't.  What I want is to share my body with another lover, black and powerful to feel his hands sliding up and down my petite waist, feeling the softness of my skin while my breasts rested in the palm of his hands perfectly.  I want a lover that I could flaunt in front of my cuckold husband, to let him know that he could never bring me any sexual satisfaction; instead, it is the act of sucking and fucking in front of him with another man that excites me more than anything.  Is Charles the type of man who could, get on his knees suck the hot fresh cum from my pussy as my lover watches?  
 
Entry 4: TGIF and the weekend is here, I am so horny I can't wait to be alone with Mr. Washington I guess you know what I am going to do this weekend.  You got it!  Just as last weekend,I am going to give myself to this black god!  I will worship him with my body and give him all the pleasure he wants or can handle.  If things go as planned, I will be too sore to walk Monday Morning.  

Entry 5: Wow now I have been called racist, if liking black cock better than white cock is racists I guess I am.  I don't care what the girls at the office say,  the fact of the matter is; I believe black men are the superior race with their massive, large cocks that are the most beautiful reproductive organs through-out the human race.  I believe in worshiping the black cock that enslaves my sexual lust, using my mouth, pussy, and ass as my religious altar to them.  I bow to the ebony phallus my only true god. 

Entry 6: I love it when I am totally turned on like this, taking my black lovers.  I love it when I am to the point that I no longer care.  To the point, that all I want is to feel is black seed going deep inside of me, breeding me, making me his slut.  Unlike Charles who's watery cum, I cannot feel being released inside me, my Black Adonis' cum blasts against my cervix wall coating my eggs with its wondrous fertility.   

 Entry 7: I know he goes deeper than any man has gone before.  I can almost feel him driving deep into my womb, bottoming out on each thrust as I feel the pain/pleasure to where I almost beg him to stop.  Then suddenly I feel his body start to shake as he explodes deep inside of me.  His black baby making cum, filling me to over flowing and flooding into every crease and opening inside me makes me shudder with desire for his offspring.  The instincts inside me take over as my body moves to milk out very drop of his baby making seed.  I no longer care just as long as I received very drop.  I wonder if Charles could accept a baby that the world would know was not his.  It excites me to think of him carrying my black lovechild on his shoulder, changing his soiled diaper in public and letting the world know that he is my cuckold.

I sit in a trance as I read; it is as if Charlene has found my deepest fantasies and my penis is throbbing as I picture myself as Charlene's cuckold.  I have never told her of my lurid thoughts because I worried of what she would think of me.  I can think of nothing as erotic as becoming her slave and serving her as she serves her lover.  As a pledge of my devotion, I make my own entry in her journal and hope for the best. 

Entry 8: It is the white boys bound duty to serve his Queen and her Black Adonis in any way he or she sees fit.  No reward could be greater than the honor of clean up duty after their appetites are satisfied.  It is the duty of the white boy to care for all offspring from their love and to do so with pride.  On bended knee, I beg for the chance to prove to you that I will be the husband and cuckold you not only desire but also deserve.

I then finished my housework and then returned to my place to await my fate.  




________________________________________

