Master Rod

Chapter Three 

'That composite drink of Dad's sure seems to do the trick!' Rod thought to himself. 'I have been learning, exercising, and being quizzed and I still have lots of energy.' 

Rod was back in the suite of rooms he occuppied. His father had always been very generous towards Rod and had prepared the suite with Rod's enjoyment in mind. The sliding glass doors off of the sitting room opened out onto a poolside view affording Rod plenty of the Eye Candy his hormones so enjoyed. 

Rod had learned that his father had used mental conditioning on all of the women he hired to become a part of the estates large staff. Each of the women was highly attractive in their own right and single. After being altered by the mental conditioning their loyalties were completely rivited to the Withers males. In addition to being loyal, all of the women longed for the praise and affection of the Withers men. Nothing that would bring pleasure to either Alistair or Rod would be considered taboo to the members of the estate's staff. 

As an added effect of the mental conditioning, each of the gorgeous young women were easily aroused by the Withers males and longed to bear their children. This focus on the Wither's males was so intense that any advances from other men would be completely and thoroughly rebuffed. The desire to be found attractive to a Withers male kept the women focused on their health and appearance. The few necessary male members of the estate's staff had also been mentally conditioned. The conditioning they received bound their loyalty to the Withers males as well though not in any sexual sense. Each of the male staff member's guarded the privacy of the Withers family members in every way possible. 

In return for the sacrifices made by his employees, Alistair Withers provided them with extravagant salaries and a plethora of benefits unavailable anywhere else. Each employee was provided with a beautiful home nestled with the 1500 acres of the Withers estate. In addition to this home, they received quarterly bonuses for work well done, full health benefits (no co-pays or deductables), use of any of the resort or vacation properties in the Withers hotel empire, a company vehicle of their own choosing, 24 x 7 accessibility to the large excersize facility, etc. 

Alistair had an exceptional record with his staff members. Between the thorough screening and security checks performed in advance of their hiring, combined with the mental conditioning each received during their "Job Orientation", each staff member could be trusted to keep their silence regarding the manner in which the Withers household was run. 

Often on their days off, the women would choose to frolic in the large network of pools and hot tubs located behind the west wing of the Withers Mansion. Rod never failed to enjoy the site of all those beautiful bodies exposed to his enraptured gaze. Today was no exception, so as Rod called to the Kitchen to order lunch he made sure to ask the Chef to send down a light meal sufficient for six people and instructed that it be delivered to him poolside. 

Rod stripped down to his birthday suit and stepped out through the sliding glass doors. As the tall and athletic Adonis made his way over to the pool, the conversation and laughter of the bevy of beauties nearby turned to silence. Rod had to grin when he noticed the focus of their attention. He climbed up the ladder to the diving board and executed a clean crisp dive into the deep end of the pool. After his dive he began to swim laps in the swimming lane. As the murmur of voices began again, the new topic was Rod. "Did you see how handsome he is?" "Wow! His cock is big even when it is soft!" "Oh how I'd like to stuff my puss full of that!" "I'm going over to say hello!" 

While Rod was climbing out of the pool, bikini tops and bottoms were coming off everywhere he looked. Articles of clothing were falling thicker than the leaves of autumn. Rod sauntered over to his hot tub and settled in for a warm soak in the frothy water. Eagerly, yet with some sense of shyness, many of the women approached Rod's current location. With more than thirty gorgeous women present, Rod was treated to a smorgasbord of pornagraphic delight! Blondes, brunettes, and redheads! Shaved and trimmed pussies! More than sixty lovely breasts on display! And each of the women waiting with both anticipation and a sense of foreboding; anticipation that today they might have some of Rod's time and affection, a sense of foreboding that the hot tub could only hold so many and they might not be one of the few chosen. 

Rod and Alistair both tried to be careful to show their affection to the entire female staff; however even with their high level of testosterone and physical conditioning, the two could only handle so many women in a day. Rod selected Tonya, Miranda, Suzie, Lori, and Natalie. Tonya was a redhead with a lovely body, highly kissable lips, and a sultry smile. Miranda was a brunette with a mouth that was made to suck cock. Suzie was of Japenese decent and was fond of anal sex. Lori was a blond with a gorgeous rack and wonderful ass. Natalie had auburn hair, and though she had a petitte frame, was stacked to the max with a rack that seemed to defy gravity. 

The women quickly joined Rod in the hot tub, playfully pushing and shoving each other in hopes to get as close to Rod as possible. "Ladies, no need to fight over me. I intend to enjoy the delights each of you has to offer!" Rod said in a possessive voice. 

He placed Tonya on his left and Natalie on his right. Rod moved to a sitting position on the edge of the hot tub and motioned for Miranda to give him a blowjob while he fondled Tonya and Natalie's tits. Lori and Suzie began a steamy 69 session for Rod's viewing pleasure. Miranda drew Rod's ten inch cock deep within her throat and massaged his length with her throat muscles. Her tongue kept moving on the underside of his shaft as she applied steady suction. After a few short minutes Rod's dick was hard enough to punch holes in concrete. Rod slowly pulled out of her heavenly mouth and motioned Miranda, Natilie, and Tonya over to the large pad next to the hot tub. He placed them next to each other on all fours so that he could fuck one pussy, and then switch to the next with minimal movement. For the next twenty minutes Rod fucked the three tight snatches like a wild man. Finally when he could bear it no longer he shot several spurts in Miranda, then several more in Tonya, and then the last of his load in Natalie. 

As he withdrew from Natalie the Kitchen staff were busy setting up lunch. Rod helped himself to several servings of fruit, a small piece of cheese, and for the main coarse a nice juicy steak. The five women ate with him enjoying his company and companionship. Miranda finished first and crawled under the table. Soon Rod felt her delightful ministrations to his cock have their effect. Once he was again hard, Miranda released his cock from her throat and gave it a loving farewell kiss. Rod went back to the pad and lay down. Suzie was on all fours while Lori was tonging her asshole to get it nicely lubed for Rod's pleasure. Once Rod had lain down, Suzie moved so she could get his cock in her mouth and began to drool spit over Rod's hefty instrument. 

Soon Lori began working her fingers into Suzie's little anus occassionally adding her own spit to the mix to further lube things up. In just a few minutes Suzie stood up and straddled Rod. Slowly she lowered herself on Rod's cock, burying his shaft in her back passage. The tightness of Suzie's asshole was exquisite. Her expert muscles began to massage his prick thoroughly. She kept a hand on Rod's ball sack and when she could feel that he was about to shoot a load, she pulled his cock out of her ass and shoved it into her cunt and began to ride him for all she was worth. Soon Rod was pumping her full of cum and she began to scream in orgasm. Slowly Suzie pulled off of Rod's cock and lovingly took him into her mouth to clean him and get him ready for Lori. Rod motioned Lori over to sit on his face while Suzie attended to his dick. He soon had Lori trashing back and forth as his tongue gave her clit a workout. 

As she neared orgasm, Rod pulled out from Suzie's hot sucking mouth, and rolling Lori over, stuffed his hard cock in her warm and inviting pussy. He pounded away for the next five minutes giving Lori a fantastically hard fuck. Once again he unloaded his investment of sperm into Lori's waiting womb. After his latest orgasm Rod needed some refreshment. 

The kitchen staff had pulled the buffet cart away, and in its place left a small table with several beverages on it. Rod saw his father's special orange colored concoction in a large tumbler and quickly swallowed it down. Almost at once he felt himself filled with energy. He looked at the clock and realised that he had used up the available time and would soon be due back at his father's study. One by one Rod drew each of the five women he had enjoyed into his embrace hugging and kissing them and letting them know how special they were to him. 

Then he went over to two other women and asked them if they could come to his suite that evening. Each of the women, Nicole and Babette, were thrilled and asked if they should plan on staying the night. Rod nodded and headed back to his suite as Nicole and Babette began to enthusiastically discuss their good fortune.
