A field day with workers
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

Last Saturday I had to work. My company had this "fair" for older workers to train themselves. This is following the Government's new regulation to urge companies to retrain and rehire retirees. It was at a big shopping mall and usually I have something or the other to entertain my two kids together with my wife. So I just dragged all of them to that mall where they roamed around window shopping and riding the one dollar kids rides. However, they left in three hours time and I was there to attend to the crowds. 

I was constantly hard throughout the day having to be in touch with these sexy old men (some very ugly and uncouth making my desires produce more of the free flowing precum from my half hard cock) and I had trouble keeping my hands to myself. In between I managed to rush to the toilet to stuff some tissue in my underwear to avoid the wet spot on my khaki trousers. I was so horny that I had to change the precum soaked tissue papers in my underwear twice (both times I licked my thick and sweet precum from the tissue and I was in heaven). I also was fortunate each time to stare at some wrinkly black cocks belonging to workers taking a leak.
 
Nearer to the closing time I told my colleagues that I had some errands to run and I was leaving. Then I bought some beer and walked out to have a few smokes before returning home. This particular mall was situated near a large industrial area and lot of workers live here. Outside the mall there was a huge grass field and the entire area was full of workers - mostly men from south of India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Philippines and even Malaysia. It was too heady an atmosphere for my sex-and-cum-crazed mind being surrounded by dirty, smelly, half-shaven workers of different sizes and shapes. 

I smoked three cigarettes in a succession under a raised hill-like mound only because one 40-year-old worker was sitting there smoking cheap cigarettes. I was super excited because he was wearing loose shorts and I could see the outline of his cock from the side parting of the shorts. He didn't look very fit but that is the type of a man that I like. I kept staring at the parting of his legs from directly underneath and he would have been stupid to not know what I was after. But because I was dressed rather "properly" in trousers and buttoned down shirt and a tie, I reckon, he might have been a little intimidated by my appearance and never initiated anything. 

I was too timid to make the first contact but enjoyed my view throughout. After having spent about 25 minutes watching his covered cock, and moving slightly closer every few minutes I went to dump my cigarette butts in a nearby dustbin, finally, when I retuned he rewarded me. He was very nervous but adjusted his cock a few times to pull it towards the side of his opened shorts legs so that I could at least see the tip of his black cock (he was a south Indian and was very dark complexioned). My cock was twitching badly and I was dying to just reach out, dig his cock out of his short's end and suck it in my watering mouth. 

I was also a bit high from all the beers I had been downing. Having seen some gesture from him, I offered him a beer from my stack and he smilingly accepted. Our hands touched while passing the beer can and I let the hand linger a bit. He even asked me for a smoke and I gladly shared. After that we sat together for a while (he didn't know much English) but without any proper conversation. I was very getting bold and told him that I could offer him my wife's pussy (just to get the thing going) but he really didn't understand me and merely smiled. I left; I gave him another can of beer and a few cigarettes and quickly rubbed his hairy huge thigh up and down with my tingling hands. Then I left. To my delight he followed me. We were walking side by side, when he pulled my hand and pointed towards the far corner of the field. I saw some woods there and started following him.

Once we reached the thick woods, he walked deep inside a bit faster than me. When I caught up with him, he was standing with his back to a huge tree with his limp black cock dangling out of his zipper. Even limp it was about five inches and of considerable girth. I wasted no time and sat down on my knees and inhaled the smelly and heady aroma from his cock. His uncut cock was reeking of stale urine and sweat. His pubic hair were matted from something - probably dried cum or precum. The smells were driving me crazy. I licked his wrinkled foreskin and sucked the tip by clutching it gently between my teeth. Slowly his limp cock started getting hard inside my mouth and filled it completely.

When I peeled his foreskin back I saw a lot of dried cock-cheese around the ridge of his cock head. Deliriously I ate all that pungent and smelly but delicious smegma and started sucking his black monster. My mouth was making whacking and splashing sounds and he was just standing there enjoying a beer and smoke while I worked his cock up to a load of his smelly cum. He rewarded me soon with a thick load of creamy and lumpy sperm load and I swallowed every single drop. Once he was done, he simply put his spent cock inside his shorts and walked off leaving me craving for more. 

He was hardly out of my sight when two young men came out from behind the tree directly across. They were local Chinese men and probably in their early twenties or even late teens. They had seen me suck the worker's cock and were now expecting me to blow them as well. Although I only like older blacker men, I was so cum-starved that I pulled their pink cocks out and alternating the two of them started sucking them with all my talent. They were not bad. The cocks were about five to six inches long but impressively thick. They didn't last long and rewarded my sucking with average sized loads of Chinese cum loads which tasted a bit bitter. They too rushed off after getting their nuts off.

Half satisfied I started my way home. I could have taken a taxi but I tool a crowded private bus and stood in front of an almost blue black south Indian worker. I slowly rubbed my ass on to his first soft and then hardened cock. I even managed to massage his very hard cock with my hands. He spoke some English and I chatted him up by talking about how boring it is for me and my wife to have sex only with each other and how if he wanted I could drug my wife for him to fuck her pussy with his black cock. Once the lights were off in the bus, I unzipped his pants and took out his cock which felt hot and hard in my hands. I massaged its entire length of eight inches and smeared his precum all over his cock head. Soon enough he came buckets and I caught his entire precious yellow sperm load in my palm. So close to being caught by others, I lifted the palm up to my nose to take a whiff and then to lick all the warm salty cum down my throat. Then satisfied with my four loads of cum, I popped a mint and walked home to fuck my wife's hairy pussy while imagining how all my four men could have dumped their potent sperm loads in my wife's fertile and I could have sucked their cum straight from her messy freshly fucked pussy.
