The first time it happened, Maria didn't recognize it. Only afterward, once it became obvious, did she understand what she had felt. As she rode her boyfriend Fernando, bucking and moaning in orgasm, there was suddenly a loose and sliding sensation, centered down on her vagina. Maria was rather distracted by her pleasure, however, and the sensation was quickly gone, fading as she settled down again, leaning forward to lay her ample breasts on Fernando's lightly hairy chest and kiss him on the mouth. She pulled herself off him, enjoying the feeling of his softening cock pulling away from her sticky cunt, and they went about their postcoital snuggling and petting.
The second time, a few days later when they slept in for a lazy Sunday and Maria climbed on top of Fernando once again into her favorite position, she felt a little odd, like they weren't quite settled right. But she started working herself against him, pushing his lovely hard cock in and out of her lower lips, slathering him up with her juices as she took him gradually into her, and any concern faded into insignificance behind his hands holding her tightly to him and her rocking climbing joy in being filled so tightly and so deeply. Once again, right at the end, after she started to shake and twitch around him, she felt that unusual sliding feeling. Strange, but he was hard and tasty and he hadn't had his orgasm yet, so when she had come down off of her plateau, Maria settled herself sideways and sucked his cock while she dripped slowly on her bed.
It was only later, when she was dressing for going out to lunch, that she first actually noticed something odd. Above her panties stuck a little tuft of pubic hair. Now, Maria had never been one for shaving. She saw no point, and figured that any man who didn't like her with what God gave her was not worth having. But her hair was not extensive either. She knew her body, and she knew that her pubic hair was usually kept well-contained within her underpants. That's just how it grew. Or how it had grown, previously. But now, there was definitely a patch of curly brown hair sticking up, nearly a whole centimeter above the top of the fabric there. She wondered at it, but figured that maybe she was misremembering somehow, or maybe her panties were riding low or she'd put on weight or something. And a bit of stray pubic hair was nothing to really worry about. After all, she wasn't about to shave it anyway, right?
But they had one more round of sex before Fernando had to leave for the night, to go back to his apartment and prepare for his work week, and that was what pushed things over the edge to where Maria could no longer deny that something strange was happening. Nude and blissed out, one more round of cowgirl pleasure capping off her weekend nicely, Maria did not realize it then. She smiled a lazy happy smile as she listened to her boyfriend dress, kissed him a lascivious and groping goodbye, then slowly drifted off after he had let himself out.
She woke early, as she usually did to have time for a workout before she showered and went to work. She was still deliciously sticky and nude and could smell the sex on her from her evening fuck with Fernando. Maria smiled to herself as she pulled on her old panties, getting just dressed enough to exercise, and then stopped cold, feeling like a bucket of ice water had just been thrown across her back.
Sticking up above her panties now was a portion of her labia. The curly pubes around it were higher still, nearly two full centimeters above the top of the panties, and under them were her clit and the top of her vaginal lips. She touched herself, and yes, that was definitely her vagina, and it was definitely out of place. Now she was freaking out. How could this have possibly happened? Was she OK? Did she need to go to a doctor? It didn't hurt or even feel bad, it just was not where it was supposed to be.
She pulled the panties off again and got a hand mirror out, lying back down on the bed and looking at her crotch. Her pubic hair, the shape of her mons, everything looked basically normal to her except that her vagina was in the wrong place. Too high up, by several centimeters, Maria guessed, though it wasn't like she had ever tried to remember exactly where her vagina was before. She'd never paid much attention to her taint either, not being into anal, but now she thought that her taint looked much longer than before, just sort of taking up the space that her vagina had moved out of.
Then it clicked. The sliding feeling. When she rode on top of Fernando during sex, she bore down hard, pushing back against his cock, and that sliding feeling during orgasm must have been when her vagina moved. How and why she did not know, but maybe when and what had triggered it. So if she fucked Fernando in a different way, where the pressure was in the other direction, would her vagina be able to slide back?
From behind. From behind was what to try. Would Fernando notice? He hadn't said anything so far, but what guy would tell his girlfriend that her vagina was being weird while they were having sex? A guy that didn't want to get laid that night, she thought.
So maybe she could just not bring it up until she had already experimented with him. She got her phone and texted to Fernando: "need a repeat of last night big guy. come fuck me again tonight?" Then she got up and pulled on the panties again, intending to go and work out.
That morning, Maria didn't do as much working out as she normally did. The elastic of her panties, touching across her labia, felt weird and kept distracting her, which would then make her think about her whole odd situation. Still, she kept herself together and gradually got used to it, at least enough to go through her morning routine and off to the law firm where she clerked. Just walking around with her vagina sticking up above her panties gave her a strange and naughty thrill. She'd be talking to one of the partners, taking orders for a case, and thinking "You don't know it, but my cunt is almost staring at you right now. Just one open button on my oh so conservative white blouse, and you'd see my naked privates." Maria had never gone commando before, but feeling the top of her cunt brushing against the fabric of her blouse, she could start to understand the appeal of it.
But she was still a working woman with a job to do, and she was good enough at keeping her mind on work. At the end of the day, she got home without any unusual incidents and waited for Fernando. He'd sent her an emoji-studded yes, of course, and would be showing up with pizza soon. She wondered if she should tell him anything, until she knew if her idea would work. She really didn't want to take the risk of him freaking out and not giving her a chance to try, however.
She liked Fernando, and they seemed to be doing well together, but it had only been six months, and there were still limits to how well she felt she knew him. At least he never minded when the woman took charge in sex, but also didn't have any sort of submissive thing going on either. In Maria's opinion, that was all very well for those who liked it that way, but she wanted a bit more give and take in bed, and having to be dominant all the time just sounded tiring to her.
Maria noticed that thinking about sex was starting to get her riled up. Now that she was paying attention to it, she realized that getting wet felt different too, now that it was higher on her body. Her shirt was actually picking up some of the wetness from her vagina, getting a little bit damp to the touch down near her pants. She didn't actually want to try to get off like this, though, not before she tried to put things back right with her fucking Fernando plan. But she could go take a shower and get herself all clean for him.
Maria stripped down and got in, cleaning breasts and ass and pits and all. When she came to her crotch, however, Maria hesitated slightly. Rubbing across it gently, she found herself loose and warm and sensitive with her arousal. Just off a bit still. She cleaned gently and carefully around her labia, feeling their familiar folds. As she came to a close, she dipped one finger lightly in, feeling the same nubbly silky feel as always. She thought about it, then controlled herself, let go, gave her breasts one more comforting swipe and rinse across her pebbly taut nipples, and stepped out of the shower to hear her front door closing.
"Fernando, I'm just finishing a shower. Leave the pizza on the table and come in!"
"Your wish is my command," he said, in that silly playful voice that left her no doubt he knew exactly what she meant. She toweled off and stepped from the bathroom loosely wrapped. Normally, Maria might have just let the towel fall, but she was feeling nervous about him seeing her vagina yet. Instead, she aroused and distracted him by getting down on her knees and stripping down his pants, taking his cock in her mouth and getting her blowjob on. Maria loved Fernando's manly smell, and played with his balls as he hummed and oohed while running hands all through her hair, playing with the long loose curls around her ears as he knew she liked.
Not too much, however, she didn't want him going off in her mouth tonight. As soon as Fernando was going hot and heavy, Maria stood and pulled him toward the bed. He got his shirt off and finished kicking off his pants and socks, while she dropped her towel and slid across the bed in front of him. "I want you to fuck me from behind tonight," she said, and raised herself upon her knees, pushing her arms and head down low to better expose her vagina in its new position.
Perhaps he wouldn't even notice? Perhaps he did, for he hesitated and fumbled as he got his cock inside, reaching and groping and pushing through fingers spreading out her cunt. But finally he was deep inside, thrusting and grinding and feeling just as good as always, though with extra pressure upwards toward her ass because of the shift in where her cunt was. She built up, shaking and pushing back, pressed down against his rising shaft, and as she felt him flex to come, the motion put her over the top as well, and they began to yell and groan together. And in that moment, there it was, a smooth sliding shift back up, along the rising thrust of Fernando's plunging cock, pulling Maria's vagina away from her stomach and back down towards her taint to where it had originally started from.
She gasped and laughed and twitched and groaned and almost cried in an insane mixture of orgasm and relief and joy. As she started to come down, she pulled herself off of Fernando's cock and let herself slump forward, lying gasping and prone and spent. Her pleasure turned on her and she began to sob, face down into her pillow, the sheer relief of having her vagina back to normal surprising her in its intensity.
Fernando seemed a bit confused, but wisely did not bother with questions yet, seeming to have decided to wait to ask until she was ready to initiate. But he expressed his care and concern for her quite eloquently anyway, in firm circles of massaging hands up and down her back. Maria settled bit by bit, letting herself be soothed as she appreciated him.