** SPECIAL NOTE TO READERS **
On May 7th this story will be available for FREE on Amazon Kindle as an ebook.  If you like reading this, I would ask you to download it for free and rate it (highly!) for me please. That way I'll keep writing more of this type of fiction.  Just search for 'Vulvoid' on the Amazon store on the 7th to find it.. There are 3 stories in total on Amazon, and they are all slightly different, improved versions, of the stories on this web site.  Thank you!!

The Vulvoid Transform - Part 2
By Lisa James

After my horrific transformation was complete I lay spread legged on the ground as the two Genetech henchmen opened the back of the van. Where I once had a penis and scrotum I now had a bald vulva - utterly female and feeling precisely how it looked, like a flat mouth between my legs. I regained some composure and managed to pull the panties down my legs and off. Although relatively still they still seemed to be alive, the gusset occasionally moving as if breathing. I threw them onto the grass and began to sob again. They were all staring at me and specifically between my legs - the Genetech men and the young man who had just watched my sex change. I closed my legs and again felt my new labia lips touch together - a sensation that I could barely believe I was feeling and hated utterly.

'Put those panties back on now and get in the van!' yelled one of the men

'You've got to be joking you bastard! Im a girl! These fucking panties have ruined my body! I have to get to a doctor! I have to change back into a male!!! Oh god! My voice, Ive got a girls voice!!! Pleeeeasseee help meeee!!!!' I wailed desperately whilst alternately clutching at my throat, my breasts and between my legs.

'Forget it bitch! Its irreversable so youd better get used to it. I hear the first vaginal orgasm is pretty great, did you find that? hehehehehe' he laughed and of course I screamed. 'Enough talk! The doc wants to see you now, put your panties back on and get in the van!'

'You bastards! You cant! Oh god no! I wont! I..... ahhh!!!!' I replied only to be choked short by another horrendous sensation. I gasped as I looked at two misplaced mounds on my chests that were another graphic reminder of my new sex - my breasts. Again my nipples expand and I had that same helpless feeling as my body moved against my wishes and picked the panties back up again. Shuddering against the revulsion the panties made me feel I robotically slipped my legs through the panties leg holes and began pulling them back up my legs. I watched them as they drew closer to my bald cunt, seeing the slight quiver to the edges and the faint movement in the gusset. My eyes flicked between seeing this superbly female mound and the panties coming to rest over the very place they had previously embraced a penis. This time a vulva welcomed their touchdown and the panties seemed to cup and grab the very mound as they finally came to rest. I was breathless watching the erotic event whilst tortured to know this was no movie I was seeing, it was a desolately flat and invasive female sex organ between my own previously male legs! As if to prove their claim the panties seemed to mould themselves momentarily to my cunt's every contour - sucking into my vulva slit and feeling like they were squeezing my vulva as if to say 'I did this to you!'. My body shuddered upright and despite my desperate efforts to regain control, I walked into the van and sat, spread legged on a bench seat in the van.

The Genetech men were dragging the young man into the van whilst he began to act hysterically. I knew he had just seen these very panties change me from a young man into a sobbing and thoroughly enslaved girl. The men had told him in no uncertain terms than this is the fate that awaited him and naturally he was not about to let that happen. 'Get away from me!' he screamed 'I dont know who the fuck you are, but youre not going to do that to me!' he continued, pointing at my crotch whilst he backed away. I heard a snap as one of the men pulled out a gun and loaded a clip, pointing it at the young man.

'Get in the car Mr, or you wont last long enough to even worry about penis envy!' the Genetch thug said

The young man just broke down and started crying as he reluctantly got into the van. 'Please dont!' he begged. 'I couldnt bear being turned into a girl! Please! I can give you money! Anything! But please - not that!' again he pointed a finger between my legs, but unintentionally he actually touched my vulva right in the middle of my slit. We both watched in shock and in slow motion as his stiff finger pushed the panty fabric inside my slit and into my vagina. This stark reminder of my dramatically different sex organ, the sensation of another persons body part inside me made me sick with grief. I began to whimper, as did he knowing that he might soon have the same thing between his legs. Our eyes locked and I became dizzy with shock... At that moment it was all just too much and I passed out....

Some time later I woke up lying on a bed in what looked like a doctors office. I was disoriented for a moment thinking that I had had a really bad dream and I went to sit up. The weight of my breasts immediately struck me and I looked down to see the foul appendages gracing my chest, alien and wickedly ripe. My mind rushed back to the nightmare and I realised that it was in fact a very real memory. Perhaps I had blocked it out, becuase I screamed again when my eyes droped from my breasts, across my flat stomach and took in the obviously female curve of my panty covered crotch. Clearly I no longer had any bulge from a penis, rather the rounded flatness of a cunt with a cleft of a labia clearly visible in the clinging panties hugging form. The memories of my transformation flooded back and I began hyperventilating thinking about what I had become. Looking around the room I could see a whole series of photos that were obviously and graphically documenting the process of the sex change. The first of the series of images showed a close up of a boy's genitals with a typically sized penis and scrotum. The next few shots showed the same crotch with a progressively shrinking penis and scrotum. The images began to bring my own experience back and seeing the images I could remember the feeling of my own genitals shrinking. Taking in other images in the series that coverd the wall I could see the scrotum loose its testies, the sack skin thickening up and obviously becoming some kind of labia precursor. The penis in these shots was smaller again. The last few shots showed the penis completely absorbed and the start of a slit in the former scrotum. I touched between my own legs feeling the terrible organ first hand that I was seeing visually documented on the photos of some poor past victim. The last few images showed the slit grow progressively longer, growing from near the arse to the front where it ended roughly where the victims penis once was. Absently and still in deep shock I traced the path of my own slit from its end near my arse to the front, whimpering as I did so. The last shot showed the clear indications of a vagina as the photographer shot the victims genitals with her legs apart. I was feeling my own cunt now, touching the very organs I saw in the image. 

Shocked at the sensation of my own cunt feeling my own hand touch its surface I pulled my hand away. Again I felt an electric sensation in my breasts and saw my nipples become errect. I began to sob again as my hand made its way between my legs again to cup the female void and began to rub it, forcefully pushing the panties up and down my slit and squeezing the rounded fuck-mouth in my hands. I realized I was being forced to masturbate again and had flashbacks to that first girl on the steps. My vulva felt horrifically wrong - flat yet so intrusive. Despite my horror I was obviously arroused and recognized the pathetic swelling of my clitoras at the centre of the heat I was now feeling. The rubbing built up in intensity and I felt a wetness leaking from what I knew was my new vagina into my slit and dampening my panties. The panties themselves began to writhe somewhat and seemed to suck themselves onto my vulva each time I moaned, cupping my girlhood intimately and reminding me of their hold over me. I was unable to resist my forced pleasuring of my cunt and now grabbed my breasts with one hand as I was forced to continue to massage my terrible girls mouth. Whilst I was forced to masturbate my cunt I became more and more angry and disbelieving - some part of my mind stil thought that perhaps somewhere between my legs my penis might be rediscovered. I felt the vulva desperately feeling for some remenant of my penis that might somehow be regrown. I was moaning now as wave after wave of sexual heat flooded through my girlhood. I felt my breasts throbbing in time with the throbbing of my clitoras as I kneaded my cunt mound and breasts. The horror of the sensations I was feeling was almost beyind my ability to bear. Despite my fighting to regain control of my body, to stop my touching the foul body parts that I now had, I could not. As my orgasm began I screamed a piteous wail of frustration. The feeling was intense sexual release as I came, and I bucked my hips involuntarily as I came - flooding my panties with vaginal lubricant. I could feel a deep rythmic swallowing from my vagina that was so completely alien compared to my pumping penis ejaculation. I screamed then cried as the panties compounded the violation by lapping up my sex fluids, parting my labia lips and hungrilly gorging themselves on my wet cunt. Quite simply it was the most foul sensation I could invisage, and thinking about my cunt I realised that what Genetech and the panties had done to me was so much worse than castration. I had not just lost my penis, my body had been mutilated with the most unbelievably flat yet intrusive genitals - my cunt, and my chest forever burdended with the most incredibly burdensome breasts. 

Panting, I sat on the bed watching the curvacuous shape of my snatch - a distinct wet patch around the cleft that the panties clung to that was obviously my vagina lips. Tears streamed down my face and my hatred of this girls body grew and grew. I grabbed my breasts and tried to pull them from my chest. Their grapefruit sized mounds filling my hands and hurting like hell as I pulled them violently screaming 'get off my body! arghhh!!!! I hate them! I have to get them off - I hate the feeling!!! you wont force me to do anything again!!!! arghhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!'. The electric feeling returned and my hands shuddered to my sides, forcing me to merely sit on the bed again - a prisoner in a girls body.


Some moments later I heard a click and a male doctor walked in the door. 'Ahh - you are the new girl' he said as he walked over to me.

'Please help me doctor! I cant bear this feeling - I hate being a girl! Please change me back!' I whimpered

'Frankly that is impossible for a number of reasons I will explain to you' he said as I burst into tears again. 'Many girls have come to enjoy the sensations of their bodies you know.... Most boys would kill to have the chance to experience a girls body for a while, to feel the girls cunt and breasts directly....'

'No!!!! Please no!!!! You have stolen my dick! Youve given me a flat mouth in its place! Youve ruined my chest with these foul mounds!!! You cant leave me like this!' I screamed back.

'Silence!' he said, and as he did my breasts again took control of my body, preventing me from speaking. 'You are mine now! The perfect result of my most amazing achievement - the Vulvoid Panties!' He exclaimed running his eyes over my body. 'Your body is now host to this amazing new lifeform' he said as he pointed at the panties between my legs. I stared at them also and again saw the slight movement of the gusset as it apeared to breathe in and out slightly puffing up then deflating to better show the curve of my cunt beneath.

'These panties are going to be this governments most powerful covert weapon and you are proof that we have perfected it!' he exclaimed with glee. 'Once placed on a host they infect the host with a symbiotic virus that the panties manufacture in their living matrix - my beautiful X virus!...... Do you know what DNA is?' he asked me

'Yes' I whimpered in reply

'As a male your body had an X and a Y chromosome in its DNA... My X virus enters each cell and attacks the Y chromosome, replacing it with a special X chromosome. Your cells themselves have become female and there is no way to reverse this. A Y Virus would leave you with two Y chromosomes and this of course is fatal! Its just perfect!' He exclaimed as he walked to me and began to feel my cunt in his hands. 'Of course were it not for the dogged efforts of your symbiotic panties to pump you full of X Virus you would never have changed - but they have good reason for wanting to change you!'

'Why? You sick bastard! Why???' I sobbed

'Because you are their host! They need your cunt to feed upon your orgasmic juices! These breasts that have swelled on your chest are far more than normal breasts again thanks to the X Virus - they are intelligent! Mammobellums I call them. They can control you - force you to feed your panties by masturbating! They stop you from hurting the panties and yourself! They enslave you! And they can make you reproduce as well!' he continued. 'You of course saw graphic demonstration of the other reason the panties need you to have a cunt! They can fuck and inseminate you and cause you to give birth to another pair of vulvoid panties! In a military application, we can ask you to seduce a target and change that target into a vulvoid girl like you! They become a sex slave like you and, in my experience, will tell us whatever we want to know in the hope that afterwoods we will give them back their manhood!' He smiled widely, now feeling my breasts 'Which of course we can never do!'

'I hate you!'I screamed. 'Youve turned me into a girl vampire you sick fuck!'

'I can imagine you do hate me - but sadly you were in the wrong place at the wrong time, and this project is much more important than your hatred of a body that half the world lives quite happily with every day' he said 'now pull your panties down, I want to inspect your genitals'. Struggling against my will I nevertheless pulled the panties to my knees and off my legs, holding them in my hands as the doctor approached. 'Spread your legs please' he said and again I was made to comply. Staring at the bald snatch betwen my legs I could see my slightly puffy girls lips touching together. As I spread my legs the lips suddenly parted, pulled by the tension of the more tightly stretched skin. This was a feeling that I hated to my core, one that reminded me intimately of the form of my new genitals. As the lips parted we could both see more clearly the shape of the smallish inner lips. Following the slit from the now exposed tiny clitoras towards my arse we could both clearly see about 2 inches down my slit a closed vagina hole. Again I stared sobbing as the doctor felt my labia lips, feeling their fleshy sides and cupping the whole vulva in his hands as if feeling the texture. He then felt my clitoras, pulling the lips further apart to give him a better view and access. I shuddered as I felt his fingers trace their way down my vulva slit to my vagina entrance. I gasped as his fingers pushed their way into my vagina, first one then two and then three - feeling the texture of the inside of my vagina hole. The feeling was so foul and intrusive that I thought I would throw up. I could actually feel his fingers with my vagina and felt the mouth and my labia lips themselves stretch as he continued to push his fingers inside me. With half his hand burried in my cunt, I had the horrific sensation of stretched lips and a foreign object inside a part of my body that did not belong between my legs. 

He pulled his hands out and I felt the vagina close behind his retracting fingers as he pulled out a dampened hand saying 'seems perfect to me. Tomorrow, once the panties have recovered, I have a demonstration to perform for one of our clients. You are going to treat that young man who had the misfortune of pulling over and witnessing your sex change to a sex change of his own!' he said

'No!!!!! Please no!!!!' I begged 'I dont want to be raped!!!! I will kill myself before I will let these fucking panties rape me!!!! Oh god no!!!! I dont want to give birth, please noooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!' I began to began to get hysterical again.

The doctor merely said 'pull your panties on a follow me now'. Again my breast brains took control and forced me to pull the panties, in a shuddering whimper up my legs until they touched and clasped my vulva like a hand hold. I got off the bed and walked behind him feeling the swaying weight of my breasts as we walked down the hall. Walking also exagerated the feeling of my empty crotch with the usual jiggling of my penis and balls replaced by the slight rubbing together of my labia lips.

Half way down the hall the doctor stopped next to another office and told me that I needed to see the nurse inside about some food and a clothing kit. Again my body complied robotically. Inside the office was a male nurse who looked at me and smiled sadly. 'Sit down honey and I will get you some food and clothes - the transformation robs your body of so much energy you just have to replace it or you'll get really sick' he said

'I refuse to eat if its going to help this fucking thing between my legs rape me and do this to some other poor bastard!' I shrieked and thrust my pubic mound forward for him to see.

'Sit down now please' he simply continued, bringing out a tray with sandwiches and a drink on it. He pointed at it as I sat down and said 'eat this now please'

Against my will I was made to eat, and the doctor was right - I was ravenous, but I knew that I was fuelling up so that my vulvoid panties would then be able to use my cunt for its food and for much worse. I tried very hard not to think about the fact that I was soon going to know exactly what it feels like to be vaginally fucked, and worse still - to give birth! The merest thought of this had me glancing between my legs again in horror as I ate. The thought was just too much to deal with. 
The nurse then reached into a locker and pulled out a collection of clothes which he put on the table top. 'Put on the dress but dont worry about the bra or other panties or night dress for the moment.... The bra is for your comfort later, but untill you get shown how to put it on you'll have to live without.... The panties are just normal girls panties... All the girls get a break every so often from their symbiotic panties, and we require them to dress like a normal girl on those occasions with normal panties. you will see there is a selection here, take them all.' he said. All I could do was stare in slack jawed disbelief at the mans calm in the face of my horrific body hijacking. Compelled again by my breasts I pulled on what was obviously a girls schooldress. When I was done I stared downn at myself, the picture of a senior schoolgirl with perky breasts and slender legs and a very obviously empty groin. Part of me became aroused at the thought that I had a schoolgirl body, but hitching my dress up and seeing the girlish mound covered by the very essence of the schoolgirl panty - I again began hyperventialting in shock.

'Come with me' the nurse said as he walked from the office and I followed him lamely with the pile of panties, bra and nightie in hand, staring down at the schoolgirl body as I walked. He led me to a bedroom and told me that this was my room, I was to wait here. 'If you need to pee, dont forget that girls need to sit! And I suggest you spread your legs while you urinate to spread your labia, that way you wont get urine spraying everywhere and going in your vagina'. Again I was left gobsmacked by the casual reference to my sex changed body. Strangely though he was right, I did need to pee, so I walked to the toilet and just stared at the opening. There was no way I was going to acknowledge my lack of a dick by squatting, so I pulled my dress up and pulled my panties down and thrust my vulva forward over the toilet opening, grabbing the mound and feeling again desperately hoping that a penis would rematerialize in the void. The first spray came out all over the place and I quickly sat down crying as I peed for the first time as a girl. The urine streamed from between my labia lips in an awkward spray that seemed to become more directional when I did spread my legs further as suggested. The feeling was just horrible and I felt again completely violated. I stared at the fucking vulvoid panties around my knees and began sobbing again when I saw them quivver and move towards my cunt. I knew what they wanted without even thinking - it was panty dinner time and they wanted my cunt to produce another meal of girl juice!

Traumatised by my realization that I had just had my first girls toilet experience I wiped my cunt with toilet paper to get rid of the wetness - stood up and pulled the panties back onto my snatch. They grabbed and wriggled when in place - yet another reminder their growing need. Whimpering loudly I walked to my bed and sat down, again taking in the irony of just how lucky I would have thought myself to have a schoolgirl in my room who would do whatever I asked of her. I lay down and pulled my dress higher, staring yet again at the girlish form that the hideous panties covered. Opposite my bed was a mirror and I regarded my crotch in the mirror, looking at the thing from all angles - taking in its true shape and form and trying to relate what I saw to what I felt directly. What I saw was a very sexy girls crotch covered in light blue panties - utterly flat with a distinct crease that showed the grils mouth beneath. To 'wear' the vulva felt exactly as it looked to me. It was hard to imagine that the person in the mirror was me - let alone that this same person had been male only 2 hours ago. My body was exhausted and I lay back on the bed and cried myself to sleep....

When I woke up it was night time and a dim light illuminated my room. I was disoriented and still in shock. Someone had put me in the bed properly and removed my schooldress. The sheets draped over my form and I could see the pronounced bulges of my two breasts thrusting the sheets from my chest. Hoping beyond hope that this was some cruel hoax I threw aside the sheets and stared at the two very real mounds on my chest. I craned my neck and my eyes traced a line down my very femanine and curvaceous stomach to my crotch, where I could see in the dim light the snug form of a vulva beneath the most innocent looking panties. The visual reminder was shocking to the core and I found myself silently repeating a piteous mantra 'I'm a girl! it cant be true!' over and over. Feeling horribly sorry for myself I almost jumped when I felt someone grab my vulva and squeeze it. Looking frantically around I saw there was nobody in the room - at the same time the sensation of having my cunt squeezed ended.
 Scared I sat upright when the same thing happened again - looking between my legs I saw that the panties themselves were cupping my girlhood - sucking their living fabric onto my vulva skin and into my slit. The sensation was the same as if a hand were cupping and firmly squeezing my cunt. Panic began to rise as the panties did this again, and then again - becoming almost rythmic as if trying to arouse me! The shock hit me at the same time as the electric tingling in my breasts - the panties were trying to do exactly that - they were hungry. Despite my greatest mental efforts regain control of my body, one hand moved to my vulva and began to grab and firmly massage my cunt. I began to cry again, but the panties and my mammobellum breasts cared not for my cries - I was masturbating again. One hand squeezed and massaged my breasts and the other alternately stroked and squeezed my vulva mound. As my hand felt and probed my mound I began to relive my sex change as I gradually moved towards climax. I recalled the feeling of my poor penis and balls being consumed by the actions of the very panties I was now wearing and clutching. I remember the feeling of them shrinking and the flatness of the space they left.... I recalled the first sensations of parting skin of my labia lips. The panties were moving quite significantly now, their edges wriggling the elastic-like cilla and the gusset twitching and writhing. My vulva rubbing became more frantic, forced by my breasts and my hand suddenly slipped under the panty fabric to grip and tease my vulva directly. My fingers ran up and down my slit and caressed and gripped the vulva mound, squeezing it in my hand - the pressure sending wave after wave of heat through my clitoras. I hated the alien sexuality of my cunt and, replaying my violent sex change, I recalled the moment I felt my vagina begin to form as my fingers involuntarily entered the vagina hole and thrust inside me. Staring is disbelief between my legs I watched in horror as my frantic hand pumped up and down inside my panties as I finger fucked myself for the first time. The sensation was pure sex horror and in moments I was having an extreme female orgasm, my hips wildly pumping, my hand still probing my vagina internally and girl juice just spewing from my hole. The panties again were in a feeding frenzy and I withdrew my hand from within their domain and just broke down completely as they gorged themselves on my masturbation juices. When the ordeal was over I layed back down, glistening with sweat and exhausted. Aching I rolled onto my stomach only to find my breasts made it completely uncomfortable. In the end I had to just roll on my side and fall asleap.

Twice more that first night I was wok