Barbecued sausages for my wife
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

My wife loves sausages. Sausages of different shapes, sizes, textures and flavors. I can safely declare that she is a sausage freak. She will go any lengths to have a sausage. She even won a sausage eating contest when we were holidaying in a small town in Germany. I don't love sausages the way she does, but I love watching her eat sausages. The look of ecstasy on her face, when she first holds a sausage and then sniffs the slightly wrinkled tip and then slowly parts her mouth to slowly swallow a little portion and finally to chew on the long curved sausage....oh it just drives me crazy!

Her love for sausages is not unknown to our neighbors, friends and relatives...and since she is just so beautiful, sexy and lovely...everyone goes out of their way to have sausages for her when we visit. The incident I am narrating happened sometime last month when my friend Gary organized a "Sausage Fest" in his community centre. Gary lives in another town and we had to drive three hours to reach his place. Anyway, I agreed because my wife was super excited about it. Gary had promised her sausages from Germany, Scandinavia, Sweden, France and even from exotic little known varieties from countries religiously not known to produce sausages - like Bangladesh, Pakistan and Iran.

What he didn't tell us was the fact that Sunday was the last day of the festival. And that was the day when we were driving there. We reached at about 4pm, which was already like the end of the best of sausages. There were still a few sausage fanatics around but just about 50-odd people. The whole place was close to turning into a mess. There were paper plates with mustard and ketchup smeared all over the floor. Dustbins were overflowing with leftovers and plastic cutlery. Tablecloths were also stained with sauces and gravy. And of course the worse was the smell of sausages. Now don't get me wrong but I really can't stand the smell of what I call are rotting sausages. For me if a sausage has been boiled it should be eaten within 10 minutes or it is just like rotten meat. Of course my wife doesn't agree to me at all. So there I was wrinkling my nose as discreetly as possible and there was my wife, complete with a cotton summer short dress showing off her shapely legs, walking around in the entire mess with her nose held up and her eyes almost closed, savoring the smells.

Before I ran out of the rot, Gary caught sight of us looking disappointed. 

"Jezz guys, is this the time to come to a sausage festival? Everything is almost gone," he said and added when he saw my wife's despairing look, "Come on guys, never mind that come, first let's have some drinks." We went to a temporary office behind the community centre and sat down ready for some beers. Whet came out was a brand new bottle of tequila and some crystal shot glasses. He must have been doing this for some time as the salt and lime that was produced looked tempered many times. Anyway, as much as she likes sausages, my wife loves alcohol. Alcohol doesn't love her much though as she can't take much. If she does she either passes out or pukes her guts. Today she was very disappointed that most of the sausages were already gone and probably to compensate, she gulped down shot after shot of tequila till Gary ran out. 


Then he turned to my wife and cheered her up, "Oh come on dear cheer up, I know most of the good things are gone. But the Bangladesh and Pakistan section is still around. You know, these countries do not have advanced technology and the specialty of their sausages is that they are exclusively hand-made. Of course with the most stringent quality control...but hand made...where else can you find hand-made sausages these days? I really hope you will like them because no one else did." My wife drooled and we staggered towards the Bangladesh / Pakistan section.

It was six pm now and the community centre was deserted and even more messed up. Just one combined booth was still displaying an array of sausages. Honestly, the moment I looked at their contents, I almost puked my guts out. No way was I going to eat suck ugly sausages. Even for free. The sausages were hanging individually suspended by cotton strings above. That was fine. But the sausages didn't at all look like your normal sausages. They were huge. I mean have you seen like a 12-inch sausage? They were very fat too - about five inches-thick. The color was not the normal brown or pinkish color of normal sausages - they were different. Some were grey, some were very dark brown and some almost black. Almost all were mottled too, like they were rotting already. They were not smooth skinned at all. All were lumpy and uneven. The only consistency must have been the smell. They all smelled awful.

I was horrified when my wife pointed at a really ugly, misshapen monster sausage. It even had a green tinge to it. There were three old barbaric men at the counter. And they looked like extensions of their ugly sausages - almost black, ugly faces and appearances like uncouth and smelly. Their clothes looked like they had rolled in the sausage meat before coming here. Only the aprons supplied by Gary looked clean. I was horrified to see that one of them who had been picking his nose pulled the sausage out by the same hand and just offered it to my wife like it was a stick. He caressed it with his other hand - from tip to tip very obscenely and then slammed it in my wife's extended hand. His hand clasped on my wife's hand and I flinched.

My wife's eyes were already half-closed. She held the sausage with both her hands and brought it close to her nose. The puckered fat tip of the sausage touched her nose and she inhaled the smell like a connoisseur. My wife ate the sausage slowly without even a drop of mustard, ketchup or even bread and she seemed in a trance. She was swaying slowly as each inch of the sausage disappeared in her sexy red hot mouth. Inch by inch the sausage melted in her mouth and I got more and more disgusted. I simply went out for a smoke to clear my head.

I saw from the window that after she finished the Pakistani black sausage, the second ugly old man offered her another sausage - an even uglier grey sausage with maroon spots. I almost retched but my wife assaulted the sausage with a vengeance and love combined. The three men chuckled and laughed and offered her one more. Then I met Gary who was going in and we started chatting about work and stuff. We must have had a couple of cigarettes and some beer that Gary had miraculously produced when Gary had to attend to some business. I walked back.

It was dark inside (and outside) save a dim light above the Pakistan / Bangladesh section. Instead of sausages, my wife was lying on the table. Her dress had been pulled up and her panties had been pulled down (or ripped off). One of the ugly dark Pakistani was holding her legs spread obscenely apart. Another Pakistani old smelly man was pushing one of their rotting black sausages in my wife's hairy pussy. The sausage was so hard that despite stretching my wife's pussy, its meat was not coming off. They were smoking and laughing as the old man fucked my senseless wife's pussy with the ugly sausage which now really looked like an ugly cock - a very big black ugly cock. I froze. I was just behind them but was probably blocked by the next counter which was already closed. My heart was beating fast and my mind was wondering what to do. The tequila and beer in my blood wanted me to watch what depravity they were going to perform on my drunken wife...and my head wanted me to intervene and stop them. I would have stopped them but I felt Gary's hand on my shoulder and heard his lustful whisper in my ears, "Fuck man, you lucky sod, your wife is a hot babe...how I wish it was my cock fucking her and not that Pakistani sausage." I was speechless but my cock was rock hard and getting wet.

Before Gary could replace the sausage with his cock, the old man did that. He pulled out a wrinkly, gnarly uncut brown sweat-smeared cock and after pulling on it till it was rock hard, pushed its enormous purple head bareback in my wife's pussy. As he pulled out, Gary and I saw some of the sausage meat stuck to its glistening black shaft. It was like the sausage was suddenly attached to the old man. He fucked her slowly, pulling out completely and them plunging in her gapping open love tunnel till the root of his thick fat black cock. Then they switched positions, the old holding her legs moved forward and started fucking my wife with another sausage. He fucked her for five minutes with the sausage and then replaced the sausage with his own smell cock - which was bigger than his earlier friend. He was faster. He fucked her rapidly but what was most erotic was the fact that he started sliding the sausage in her pussy together with his own man meat. The sausage couldn't take the pressure of such tightness and slowly started crumbling with the friction. It was so erotic to see the sausage meat smeared cock pushing the meat deeper and deeper inside my wife's pussy. He must have really got his rocks off on this because with one final grunt he collapsed on my wife, as Gary and I watched his wrinkly ass twitch slowly with his spurt of his smelly old sperm being deposited in my wife's freshly fucked pussy. It must have been like a meat pie inside - with all that sausage meat and man sauce plastered in.

The first man took his place but couldn't stand the fucking given to my wife by his friend and came bucket loads just at the entrance of my wife's pussy, messing up everything around and matting her long cunt hair with his smelly cum. Then having lost all interest in my wife both the first and the second man left. The third man, the ugliest and smelliest of them all who was a Bangladeshi and that's why they had been treating him like an outcast, then took a new sausage and started poking my wife's pussy with it. I think he was trying to clean my wife's pussy of all the meat and cum inside. But this sausage was extremely wide. And he was clumsy the way he was cleaning her pussy...so instead of pulling the previous sausage meat out the sausage splattered into tiny bits and embedded deep inside her pussy adding to the mess. Finally he couldn't care less and hauled his cock out - as ugly as he himself was and grey colored and mottled like their sausages. Even from a few feet I could still see his that it was stained with dick cheese and dried cum (from last night's jerk off I presume). But he was undeterred with all this and just rubbed the head of his uncut cock up and down my wife's sausage and cum smeared cunt lips...before thrusting the entire 11-inches of his Bangladeshi cock deep inside my wife's cunt. He must have been heavily aroused as he didn't last long and within strokes added his own sperm to his friends. Then he went around and squeezed a few more strings of cum from his smelly meat, cum and pussy juice covered cock and dripped it inside my wife's mouth. He pinched her nose and in her drunken state she gulped his smelly sperm down. Then he wiped his slimy cock all over her face. Then, the nasty bugger picked up the biggest black sausage that was in their stall and plunged in deep down in my wife's well fucked pussy. And then he left.

He must have just gone out when Gary rushed forward and pulled the sausage out, it was so soggy by now that it broke into small pieces instantly. But Gary was lust-ridden as he picked up the pieces and started offering them to me as little snacks. I too was so aroused that I ate each piece of the meat with a cherish difficult to forget. Then I wanted more. So I just bent down and started eating the sausages straight from my wife's pussy. Once the bigger pieces were gone, I clamped my mouth on her hairy and meaty cunt lips and started sucking the rest of the meat out. Of course together with the meat I ended up sucking the three dirty men's smelly cum but my head was burning with sex. It took me 10 minutes but I pretty much cleaned up everything from my wife's pussy.

When I got up I saw why Gary was so quiet. He was standing next to my wife and his black cock was embedded in her mouth. Although she was drunk, she was still letting him fuck her mouth with his live black sausage. For once I had a strange urge to eat Gary's black, 10-inch long and 5-inch fat sausage together with my sausage hungry wife and I did that. I sat down next to my wife so that Gary could alternate between her and my mouth. He did a good job of letting us suck on his meaty and pungent smelling fresh black sausage equally. Then he walked to the edge of the table and asked me to fuck my wife's pussy with his glistening cock. I placed the purple head of his black cock at the entrance of my wife's widely stretched pussy and he pushed. My fingers slid with his cock inside and I could feel the sticky coating on the walls of my wife's fucked pussy. It was a great sensation to feel a big black cock slide in my wife's pussy together with my hand which had the wedding band shining like a beacon. I pushed my fingers deeper together with Gary's cock, opening up my wife's pussy to its limits. I think Gary found it too hot to fuck my wife with my fingers massaging his cock each time he pushed it in and he came bucket loads all over my hands. I could feel his hot sperm / cum gushing in spurts all over my fingers and I could feel my wife's cunt (even in its drunken state) pulling the millions of sperms towards its womb. That feeling was so hot that I came in my pants without even touching myself. Gary lay on top of my wife for some time and then slowly pulled out his limp black anaconda of a cock. I latched my mouth on her pussy hole and drank fresh cum like a thirsty man in a dessert.

Later, Gary and I cleaned my wife up together and made her presentable before she got up. Then we sat outside and he described how he would make arrangements for another fucking of my wife. And I? I just sat down between his legs like an obedient dog and slowly nibbled at his lengthening black cock with my cum hungry mouth.

The end.