"A Little Fall of Rain" by Eagle1 (MF rom)

I lived in San Francisco for few years, back when I was still relatively fresh out of law school and working for one of the citys premier law firms.

On the particular day in question we had wrapped up some complex negotiations for one of the firms larger Silicon Valley clients. Everything had gone smoothly for a change. And I was unexpectedly left with a whole afternoon of unscheduled time.

I decided, rather than spending it in the office billing someone as I ought to have done, to go out and enjoy the beautiful fall day. It was a rash decision for me, as I was of the more ambitious sort. But being one of the hardest working young associates in the firm and having plenty of billable hours for the month already, why shouldnt I treat myself to jaunt around town?

So there I was, walking along Market Street from Powell near where the cable cars turned around to the busy hustle and bustle of the Embarcadero.

On a whim, I decided to go into a little bookstore that I saw off one of the side streets.

It was one of those stuffy kinds of places, where the books were all older than me, and covered with an inch of dust.

I was browsing through the literature section looking at a copy of Lady Chatterleys Lover, and thinking he was probably a lucky man. But then again, I could be wrong, because I probably was never going to read it anyways.

Give me the Cliff Notes please.

It was at that moment I happened to look up and see a pair of the most beautiful green eyes Id ever seen looking back at mine.

They belonged to a woman who was sitting in a chair across the way from me. When I caught her eye she immediately glanced back down at her book. Aside from the fact that she was a woman and I was a man, and that every first glance I take of a member of the opposite sex is to gauge my level of interest in having sex with her, I thought nothing much of our encounter at first.

Harmless flirtation. Nothing more.

I looked over at her again, and again she averted her eyes.

My evaluation was that she was certainly a knockout. More than worth my trouble. Her long legs were exposed since the skirt of her suit had ridden up slightly. I could see up the length of her smooth thighs. She had unbuttoned her blouse ever so, revealing the top bit of her creamy round breasts. Just enough of a hint to make you really interested. This was topped off with a full head of auburn hair wrapped up in a twist just the way I like. Her shade of lipstick maybe a shade too red to be polite.

It was a pretty attractive package altogether, I thought. 
Still, I didnt feel like hanging around a bookstore all day, when I could find other diversions elsewhere. And this knockout was maybe a little too shy for me.

Now I have had my share of sexual adventures, but I find now that as an attorney I dont have as much time for picking up women as I did when I was in college or the Marines. The kinds of women you meet in my line of work tend to be looking for husbands, not casual sex. Of course Ive had a couple of steady girls and the occasional one-night stands as often as I can get them, but most of those girls arent as adventurous as the girls Id known when I was younger, mores the pity. After a moments reflection I thought Id hit the streets instead of trying to make something happen here. I could always head out to the bars and try and score a little action later.

Having made up my mind to go wander on my way to somewhere else, I flashed this girl my patented winning smile and headed out the door.

I didnt make it far before I stopped into a caf and to have a latte while I read over the Wall Street Journal. Relaxing, I was just getting into an article when someone bumped into me from behind.

Excuse me, said a softly feminine voice, Im so clumsy.

I looked up and saw that it was the girl from the bookstore.

Oh, I said graciously, Im sure it was all my fault. Im always getting in the way.

She gave me another shy smile, which encouraged me to continue.

Are you alone? Why dont you sit down and join me? I asked, motioning to the empty seat.

I think this girl had decided to take a chance on me.

Therefore it was imperative to chat her up as much as I could. She was actually pretty friendly. It turned out that Rochelle, or Chelle as her friends called her, was here for some sort of business convention and had decided to skip the afternoon session. She was from New York and had never been in San Francisco before. 

How fortuitous, I told her, playing with words too big for me, Im playing hooky too.

Well its a good thing we found one another then, huh? she smiled.

We chatted about all sorts of things, from the Giants and the Yankees to the recent trends in the stock market. While I was entertained, I wasnt sure this was going to actually get past a casual if engaging conversation. Throughout the conversation I had been looking at her breasts and trying to make my glances seem more casual than they actually were. I was hoping it would turn her on more that turn her off.

But, man, do I love it when a woman pleasantly surprises me.

I had just passed some witty comment about California cuisine when she said causally out of no where, Speaking of waiters, it seems like all the guys in San Francisco are gay.

I sat bolt upright. What did I just hear? She was looking past me at some of the people walking by.

I wouldnt say all the men in San Francisco are gay, I stated, probably a little more emphatically than I needed to.

Really? she sighed, I mean you hear stories about what a queer town this is, but wow. You know its just that Ive been here for two whole days and there hasnt been a single eligible man whos tried to go to bed with me.

Well, I stammered in spite of myself, Im an eligible man, and Im here.

She didnt give me a chance to say anything else; she just reached over and actually grabbed my cock through my pants. Just grabbed it. So much for being shy! I couldnt help getting hard.

My, she said thoughtfully, You certainly are eligible!

Um, I said before taking a sip of my latte for strength. I could help you out with youruhproblem.

She seemed to be mulling the idea over, How do I know youre not gay? I mean you are good-looking and intelligent. Most of the men I know who are able to hold a half way decent conversation with your attributes are as queer as three dollar bills. 

Now, to give her credit, in San Francisco this probably is a valid question. I for one have several gay friends and I dont feel the least threatened in my sexuality.

Well, I said reasonably, You could take me out for a test drive and see if I can manage to your expectations.

It might worth a try, she was leaning in to me and by this point running her fingers over my chest.

I thought it an opportune moment to move in for a kiss. Ive found a kiss can tell a woman everything she needs to know about a man. Her lips were so soft that my mouth lingered there for a while, reluctant to let go.

My place or yours? she murmured.

Which is closer? I asked, with a sense of urgency.

Im just staying at a hotel by the Embarcadero, she said, Im probably closer.

I kissed her again and it took me a couple minutes before I reluctantly broke away from her tongue.

What are we waiting for? I asked.

We quickly got up with a sudden necessity to be on our way. 

One thing that we hadnt noticed was how dark the sky had gotten. You see the problem with San Francisco in April is that, while its usually warm, it is often subject to unexpected showers. The overcast skies started to sprinkle. And neither of us had an umbrella.

We took off down Market Street for the hotel at the best clip we could make, but we werent fast enough, and the faster we walked the heavier the rain came down. By the time we had made it to the safety of the hotel lobby I was thoroughly soaked in spite of my suit jacket. Her blouse had become pasted to her breasts finally allowing me a tantalizing view of her luscious cleavage.

We made it into the elevator and pressed the button for her floor. But she couldnt help herself any longer. Chelle turned around to face me and melted into my arms, kissing me like it was going out of style. I just wanted to get my hands all over her, my manhood growing larger with each erotic impulse. I reached down to firmly take hold of her ass as she grabbed on to my neck to pull my mouth closer to hers, I hoisted her up as she wrapped her legs around my thighs. I moved my hands to every spot I could reach, nuzzling on her ears and taking in a deep breath of her beautiful hair.

Her perfume was driving me crazy.

It didnt taken her long to get her hair undone and it didnt take us long to get to her floor. As soon as the elevator doors parted she was off me and down the corridor to her room like a shot, with me in hot pursuit. Its probably a good thing the other guests didnt see us because I dont know what they would have thought.

I caught up with her at the door to her room and we worked our way, entangled together, to her bed, barely remembering to shut the door behind us. She slipped back onto the bed taking off her jacket as I took off my suit jacket. She started to work her blouse buttons off in time with me, as I undid the buttons of my shirt.

The need we had was incredibly erotic.

In a few seconds I was standing in my undershirt and she was in her lacy black bra. I made a big show of taking off my soaking undershirt like I was in a strip show, trying to be as masculine as possible as I pulled it over my head, leaving myself bare chested. She stood up and took off her bra allowing her round firm tits to bounce out in front of her. I reached over to move my hands over them twirling my thumbs over her smooth pink nipples. She moaned and moved closer to me moving her hands over the muscles of my arms, chest and stomach before ending up at my belt.

I moan as she squeezed my painful erection through my pants. And I reached my own hand down between her legs to give her vagina a suggestive squeeze through her panties.

Oh, yes, she sighed, Take your pants off and let me see.

She worked the leather belt till it was undone and unbuttoned my pants. Now the erection I had from the elevator had never abated and it was noticeably straining from behind my boxers as she let my pants slip down to my ankles. She directed me gently to sit on the edge of the bed and she moved down on her knees. She pulled down my boxers letting my full almost ten inch rod spring out to stand at attention. She took it in her hands and used her thumb to massage the underside of my mushroom head, which was now oozing glistening pre-cum.

She played with me for a moment as I held my breath. Her tits hung from underneath her as her mouth went down on my cock working it in and out slowly. I leaned back moaning in ecstasy. Her tender ministrations werent being wasted. When I thought I couldnt possibly stand anymore I made her get on the bed. I slipped off her panties and went to work on her neatly trimmed pussy. My tongue touched every area of her nether regions, bringing her to the loudest climax Ive ever heard. I worked on her slit for time out of mind with an obedient tongue and eager fingers until I was rewarded to a flood of her tasty juices. The walls of her pussy were soon gripping my fingers tightly. Her pussy seemed like such a petite thing and I wondered if she would be able to take something as big as me inside her.

I need you to fuck me, she moaned insistently.

I moved up over her demanding body, my hard cock against her horny cunt. I slid my shaft around over her slit feeling the warm juices from her slit coating the underside of my dick as it passed.

I love the softness of a woman. I think its the biggest turn on. The hardness of my body felt completely at home against her soft delicate breasts and moist hole.

I moved the tip of my dick to her hold and met with little resistance as I pressed inside her. Chelle was unbelievably wet.

Oh, damn, she sighed, That feels so good.

I grunted my agreement and moved my cock out and in slowly adjusting my thrusts so as not to cause her any pain. My dick is pretty thick and wide, but I have never met a pussy I couldnt penetrate eventually. They are after all designed to squeeze out babies.

My masculine needs were becoming more and more urgent and I was fast loosing my sense of interest in her comfort.

I was in to about five inches, then seven. I gave a final mighty shove and felt my balls bash against her ass giving me the most pleasurable sensations as they did so.

I had lost myself inside her.

The walls of her cunt were undulating as they gripped me tightly and I only managed about fifteen minutes of thrusting before the pressure of my balls overpowered me. It had been a few weeks since Id been with a woman due to all those late nights spent at the firm. Jerking off never satisfied me like pussy.

I just couldnt stop myself from cumming inside her, spilling my seed into her depths.

I held myself within her as my dick began to slowly loose some of its hardness. Ten years ago I wouldve been able to maintain a perpetual erection for hours with hardly the need to think about it, but now I needed a minute to recover my stamina.

But thankfully Chelle clearly wasnt through with me. She rolled me over, remaining on top of me, as my cock finally fell out of her pussy as it reached a limp five inches. I felt it hanging down next to my balls.

Interesting tattoo, she said, referring to the eagle tattoo I wore on my shoulder.

I got it when I was in the Marines, I said, We had just finished basic training and all the guys in my unit went to get one at the same time.

Why the eagle? she asked.

Cause it was my nickname in college, I said, My frat brothers always said I had an eagle eye. Or maybe because I listened to the Eagles too much. Who knows?

My grin was infectious.

Cute, she said, smiling back at me, Its sexy.

So are you, I said in a more serious tone.

The night was just getting started.

She leaned in and kissed me firmly on the mouth. My dick stirred and rose to attention against her sexy ass. I moved my finger slowly down her spine until I reached her cheeks, where it remained for a moment massaging her soft flesh, before I slipped it into her snug cunt where I looked for the magic button that would send her into overdrive.

Whatever it was her pussy was wet from our recent session of fucking. I moved all three of my fingers: index, middle, and ring insider her, stretching her out, while my thumb massaged her clit.

After ten minutes of this, she had gone up and down a roller coaster of orgasms several times. I had her sticky cum on my fingers to prove it.

Ready for round two? I inquired with a malicious grin.

She pushed me back hard on the bed and sat up to straddle my thighs, while my rock-hard dick pressed insistently against her ass.

She lifted herself up so that she could take my straining cock and positioned it for easy entry under her hole. Then all at one she let herself slide right down on it, stretching out that gorgeous snatch in one big gulp. I never felt as massive as I did right then, like I was going to break her apart. She started to wildly gyrate her hips on me, moving up and down, riding my prize stallion, and trying to break me.

Up and down, up and down, her tits jiggled divinely before my eyes, as I fixated on her round nipples staring me back in the face.

She ran her hands through her hair and I reached up to play with those perfect orbs. I couldnt get over how good the feeling of her pussy was on my dick. Not only was she tight, but she knew how to work the muscles of her cunt to grip me in every way.

Suddenly she let out a rebel yell, and got up off me, leaving my dick out in the cold.

I want you to fuck me in the ass, she cried out.

She knelt down on the bed and I climbed up behind her to examine that ass. I placed my dick at her rosy shit hole and pressed in firmly. I was not really surprised, but satisfied nonetheless to find that her asshole was even tighter than her perfect pussy was.

Fuck my ass! she cried insistently as I entered her.

I respond by pushing firmly inside, slowly inch by inch, until I was balls deep to the hilt. She let out a cry of pain, but whenever I tried to slow down my monster to allow her time to adjust, she called out for more. This was obviously not the first time she had had this done to her, although it may have been the first time she had done it with anything as large.

I looked down, watching my cock slid into her tanned ass over and over. Smiling, I gripped her hips a little tighter and thrust hard. She groaned as her asshole was stretched farther. I worked relentlessly.

So big she breathed.

I felt her at the very edge.

I loved looking down at her beautiful ass and seeing it pressed tightly against me. I loved feeling every inch of my cock being held in a death grip by her snug little hole. I pulled back, nearly half way out of her.

Ohhhhhhhh! was all Chelle let escape her lips as an orgasm exploded inside her.

Her entire body tensed up and she had tears in her eyes. Her ass and pussy were pulsating and her heart was pounding. I slid back into her. 

She was helpless as I began to fuck her up her ass, slapping against it. I began to move a little faster as she got used to my size somewhat. She had trouble holding herself up on her arms as she took it in her shit hole even harder. 

My dick slap, slap, slapped hard against her ass, picking up the pace even more. Her ass cheeks shook each time I struck them.

Holy shit, she cried, then, Oh, holy fuck. No more.

I eased out of her ass, watching my dick slip out of her hole. 

She was as helpless as a doll as I grabbed her and flipped her onto her back. She lay before me submissively, chest heaving. Her legs were wide open and her legs were spread apart. 

I grabbed her right ankle with my left hand and with my cock in my right. I placed myself at the shuddering lips of her hungry pussy. I pushed forward and easily slipped inside her warmth.

Chelle moaned, arching her head back, as I entered her. I watched her pink pussy lips suck in more and more of my manhood until I was pressed against her neatly trimmed bush. I grabbed her other ankle with my other hand and now held both of her feet high in the air as I held myself inside her for a moment. Her green eyes were looking up at me lustfully.

I pulled back, my hard cock gliding easily out of her tight, slick cunt. I slammed back into her, taking satisfaction in seeing her eyes close and hearing her moan. Then I began to fuck her, sliding my tool in and out of Chelle as I held her feet high in the air on either side of my face. 

Without breaking my stride, I kissed all over the bottom of her foot. I held her ankles tightly as I kissed her other one, thrusting my powerful rod into her needy hole. I brought her toes to my mouth, sucking the biggest three into my mouth as I looked down at her pussy. 

I watched her mound make my dick disappear over and over as I sucked on her foot. All she could do was watch, and moan, as I did whatever I wanted to her sexy body. With her legs up that high, my normally huge dick seemed even bigger as it banged the bottom of her pussy. 

Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! she cried rhythmically, trying to keep the volume without much success.

My thick pole pistoned in and out of her hungry pussy, bouncing her ass off the bed and creating still move velocity. I pulled her toes out of my mouth and brought her other foot over. I kissed that one all over, not slowing my pace. I sucked her big toe into my mouth, watching me cock pull out and push in the pink of her pussy lips. 

Oh my God! she gasped, feeling another incredible orgasm rise up inside her.

I pulled her toe out of my mouth and pushed her feet even higher up so her knees were on either side of her head. I began to fuck her as hard as I could, like a jack hammer, my rock hard cock pounded in and out of her helpless cunt. 

Ohhhhh! she grunted, wincing as an orgasm washed over her.

I saw the flood of white cum pour out around my thrusting dick. We had been fucking for almost an hour at this point and even though I had just came a while ago; I didnt think I could keep it back any longer.

Nothing could nullify the amazing sight before me. I groaned, pumping in and out of her pulsating cunt. 

I jammed my long dick all the way inside Chelles vagina and held it there.

Im cumming, I growled, grunting as my dick swelled even bigger in that small space, letting loose inside her. Moaning my cock jerked inside her, a long stream of hot cum fired into her defenseless womb. Then another thick wad of semen shot violently out the end of my dick and off the back of her convulsing pussy.

Chelle couldnt move as I came, her feet were in the air above her head as a nine and a half inched shot a river of hot cum into her pussy. 

I trembled on top of her, releasing her ankles, and she was able to bring her legs down on either side of me as the last of my sperm trickled into her pussy. I collapsed onto her, kissing her cheeks breathlessly as she ran her hands up and down my back. She rubbed her crotch up against me, trying to milk every last drop of my cum as she turned to kiss me. 

Our lips smacked repeatedly as I softened inside her. She broke the kiss, squeezing me tight with all of her limbs. I was hardly softening, but this girl had me feeling stirred up just looking at her.

Feel like another fuck? I asked giving her a lewd grin.

She smiled up at me.

I know you want it, I said, pulling out of her.

My hand moved in to explore her nether regions for the third time. Her legs were spread wide and I had access to everything. She moved her leg to massage my thigh, clearly indicating her desire for more.

I wasted no time in getting hard again with a few quick strokes of my hand. Then I slid my rod in between her pussy lips, pressing in that super tight twat, pushing my previous deposit of sperm around against my shaft as it oozed out, and coated my dick.

I fucked her hard then. Harder than before.

I fucked her like a porn star would fuck her.

She tightened her pussy around my thick cock, my hard shaft twitching and snaking in and out of that soaking pussy.

Oh yeah, she cried, Fuck harder, ram me, pound me!

You like this hard dick dont you? I growled.

Convulsions shook her pussy, milking my dick, as my loins surged. My cock moved lightning fast, like a piston inside her. I couldnt withstand the onslaught from my balls and after about five minutes I emptied yet a third round deep inside her hole.

I fell down on the bed next to her in ecstasy from the most engaging sexual experiences Id had in months. I pulled her into my arms and we lay together, caressing and panting from our exertions, my dick absolutely limp with exhaustion.

We cuddled. There is no other way to describe it. I just didnt want to let her go, but after a while we decided we had better get something to eat if we were going to keep up our strength.

Chelle went into the bathroom to change and I put my suit back on. It was a little wrinkled, but it had dried out enough to make it semi-decent looking.

When Chelle came out of the bathroom she had on a sexy black number, which clung smoothly to her curves, accentuating everything. I didnt know if I could make it to dinner, but I managed somehow. We went to the restaurant located on the top floor of the hotel that had such great views of the bay.

I was giving my order to the waiter when I felt her toes rubbing against my crotch. After a couple botched attempts I stumbled through our order. The waiter patiently put up with us and went off to put our order in with the kitchens.

If you keep that up, I said to her reaching down with my hand to massage her foot, Im not going to be able to wait until were done with dinner to get at you again!

Good, she whispered leaning over the table, Because I want you right now.

I didnt need any more of an excuse, my cock suddenly stiffening.

Something quick, I said urgently.

I got up and took her by the hand leading her into the mens restroom, checking first to see if it was occupied. We were having dinner a little on the early side, and the crowd was light. Coast clear. I headed for the handicapped stall at the end.

Once inside I got my pants and boxers down around my ankles. I slipped her dress up and found to my delight that she hadnt bothered to put on a fresh pair of panties.

What for? she asked when I mentioned the fact, I wasnt planning on wearing them that long anyways.

I picked her up by the ass and leaned her against the wall of the stall, positioned her for my thick cock to have access. I plunged inside in my haste. What was left of my earlier three rounds of cum and hers was still leaking out from her cunt and running down my balls and thighs. And my balls clenched tightly, while she made throaty noises in time to my grunting with each meaty thrust up into her womb.

The bathroom door opened and I could hear the voices of several young men enter the bathroom as they moved to the urinals. Chelle and I were making no effort to disguise the noises of our sex. Fuck you could smell it! As I thrust I could her them as they started to urinate, then one of the men realized what was going on behind them. They laughed and continued about their business, but they egged me on too.

Give her some for me buddy, yelled one, raucously laughing.

Fuck yeah, man! said another.

But they didnt stick around, and I didnt want them to. I wanted Chelle all to myself.

I felt that I couldnt hold out much longer. Her pussy was so good. For the fourth time I felt myself cum, shooting deep within her. When we left the bathroom, we couldnt help but notice the guys who were by this time boozing it up at the bar. They all leered at us as we passed and I felt irrationally proud to be with such an amazing woman.

We finished our dinner at a leisurely pace, enjoying each others company.

Back in the room, we took a shower together, unable to keep our hands to ourselves. She put her arms around my neck and stood on her toes, lips finding mine. My hands slid down her back to her soft ass, holding her ass cheeks as she kissed my mouth over and over.

She sent her tongue eagerly into my mouth as I pulled her body against mine. Her tongue explored my mouth. She pulled back from me a little, bringing her hands down between our bodies and grabbing my long dick.

I became fully hard in her hand instantly. She broke the kiss, smiling as she stroked me. I watched her as she slowly sank to her knees. She bent underneath me, her tongue snaking out and lapping underneath my ball sack.

She sucked one of my balls into her mouth as her hand continued to stroke my cock. Then she released me in order to suck the other testicle into her mouth. Finally, after a few delicious minutes, she let that one fall out of her mouth as well. But I watched her pink tongue slowly lick at the base of my dick. It slowly trailed up my fuck pole until it reached the mushroom head of my dick. Her tongue trailed around my helmet sexily as her hand continued to jerk me off.

Chelle opened her mouth and slowly slipped my dick inside. I groaned, feeling her warm mouth slowly sink down my cock. Then she took it in until I could myself touch the back of her throat.

She began to slowly slide her lips up and down my dick as her hand expertly stroked me. Her lips glided eagerly up and down my shaft as her hand began to fondle my balls. The water poured over my back and shoulders as I watched my dick disappear and reappear into this womans pretty face over and over. Holy fuck indeed.

I gently lifted her chin up, and my cock popped out of her mouth. She smiled up at me as she got to her feet. My lips crushed hers, and I forced her to the back of the shower tub, pressing my body against her.

My hands were caressing her breasts as I began to kiss under her chin and down her neck. Both of us were breathing heavily as I kissed down her chest. Then I spun her around. I was so horny as I stood up behind her while she quivered and moaned in anticipation, trying to gain control of herself.

Then I clubbed her ass with my thick cock slapping it a few times.

Put it inside me! she gasped.

I ran my thick cock down the crack of her ass as she bent over for me. Then I ran my head down her slit until it reached the entrance to her treasure.

When I pushed forward, I could feel her tight, hot pussy stretch wide and open up for me. The shower beat down on my back as I pulled my dick out of her. I could see the pink lips of her pussy pull outwards along with my thick dick as I withdrew it. I put it back in position and pushed hard.

She cried with pleasure as I forced more than half of my huge dick into her. I grabbed the soft sides of her ass and began to fuck her wet pussy using only half of my dick. Chelle purred, as I felt my cock nicely gliding in and out of her twat like that. Then I jammed my entire dick into her, pressing my loins hard against her ass. 

Oh yes she sighed.

I loved how her hot pussy gripped my manhood, and I began to fuck her from behind. I slapped against her ass over and over, causing her cheeks to shake with every impact. 

She groaned as I slammed into her wet ass. I could feel yet another orgasm rising within her. Her tits were swinging back and forth to the same rhythm as my stiff dick. Chelle let out a long groan, and I felt her hurtle towards the edge.

She gasped loudly as her orgasm washed over her. She was so incredible! All the while my long cock was still sliding in and out of her, my groin bouncing off her ass. Oh, fuck, she was just too hot, and seeing her all wet like this, seeing her beautiful ass made me want her even more.

Do you want to go to the bedroom? I asked her softly.

Chelle smiled, nodding. I pulled out of her and we kissed again, lips smacking, before we broke apart. My hard cock poked out in front of me as we toweled off lightly. Then she led me to the bed in the other room. Once there, I spun her around and pulled her close, kissing her soundly. My hands, again, latched onto her ass as my tongue explored her mouth. I was fully aroused. Just being around this woman had my skin tingling! Chelle was looking at me with those beautiful green eyes as I backed her up onto the bed. 

I lay between her legs, grinding my hard dick against her as we kissed passionately. I began to kiss down her neck and chest to her cleavage. My lips made their way down the slope of her breasts. Her nipple was rock hard, and I engulfed it with my mouth. She sighed as I sucked on her tit. Her hands ran through my short hair as my tongue manipulated her nipple. 

I kissed all around her nipple and she breathed heavily, watching to see what I would do next. I kissed her on the mouth as I took a breast in each of my large hands, squeezing them gently. My mouth trailed back down the slopes of her breasts and I sucked her other nipple inside, running my tongue lightly over it as I held it between my lips. She was breathing heavily, eyebrows raised as she looked down on me. Her hands held the back of my head, caressing my hair as I teased her tits with my mouth.

I began to kiss down the smooth skin of her stomach. Her naked chest was heaving as her breathing grew heavier, as her beautiful pussy was exposed to me, surrounded by her neatly trimmed bush. She parted her legs, eyes locked on me as she surrendered herself to me completely.

I raised her left foot, kissing over top of it. I kissed along her ankle and slowly up her leg. My tongue teased under her knee, and she opened her legs wider as my lips caressed up the inside of her soft thigh. I kissed the skin at the top of her leg, just beside her beautiful pussy.

She caught her breath, watching me between her legs. I kissed the quivering lips of her pussy, and she gasped. She slid her feet up the bed as I slowly licked from the bottom of her slit up to the top, my tongue nudging her sensitive button.

Her juices were flowing freely, and I loved the taste of her as I dipped my tongue between the folds of her beautiful cunt. As I ran my tongue along the roof of her cunt, I sucked her lips into my mouth, releasing them quickly as I slid my hands under Chelles soft ass, my mouth going nuts on her needy cunt.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh she sighed, over and over, her hands grabbing at the pillow above her head.

She was writhing her crotch into my face as I lapped her up. I sucked her clit into my mouth, and it was all over.

Oh, my God she gasped, wincing, humping her pussy up into my face, as n orgasm absolutely exploded within her.

She was completely tensed up as she straightened her legs out behind me, cumming violently. My head was pleasantly trapped between her thighs; she was squeezing them so tightly. My hands squeezed her ass cheeks hard, licking her slit as fast as I could.

I couldnt take it anymore!

I smiled, watching her struggle for control, as I crawled quickly up the bed, eager to slide inside this amazing woman. My thick member was swinging back and forth as I made my way up to her.

She opened her eyes, heart pounding as she smiled at me, wrapping her arms around my neck when I reached her. My lips covered hers, and she opened her mouth eagerly, allowing my tongue to dart inside. I raised my hips back, the head of my dick easily finding her sweltering entrance. Her hole gripped the tip of my cock, and I pushed forward, hard. My thick dick parted the lips of her vagina, and I slowly eased myself inside her.

She moaned into my mouth as I groaned into hers. Inch by inch my raging hard boner entered her, until she was completely filled up. I broke the kiss, and she looked up at me. I closed my eyes then, but Im sure she could see the look of complete ecstasy on my face.

Oh my God! I groaned, just holding myself deep inside her.

Her hot pussy was gripping me so snugly. I felt so hard, so manly. I opened my eyes and looked down on her. She was so beautiful. She was nothing but need and lust.

I maintained eye contact as I slowly slid out of her, then I slid back into her, just as slowly, and she arched her head slightly, let out a quiet cry of joy. I continued sliding in and out of her that way, truly making love to her for the very first time.

My long dick was sliding all the way out of her hungry pussy before slowly easing back in. Our eyes remained locked on each other, and our breathing grew more laborious. Her feet began to caress the muscles of my legs, her hands played with my hair as entered her over and over, rhythmically.

I bent to kiss her, and Chelle closed her eyes enraptured. We kissed passionately like that, our tongues exploring as I continued my thrusting softly into her. For the next few minutes, we kissed as an orgasm slowly built and built and built inside her. She was completely wired, just on the verge of exploding, when I suddenly pulled out of her. She looked up at me as I broke our kiss.

Your turn, I said, smiling at her.

I lay on my back beside her, holding my hard dick straight up in the air. Chelle beamed at me as she scrambled on top. She reached underneath her ass and held my thickness up in the air. She pressed her swollen lips against me, watching my reaction. I could feel her slowly open up for me and my face hid none of the pleasure.

Ohhhhhhh she sighed, still watching me groaning beneath her.

I closed my eyes as I felt my dick become engulfed in that warmth. In no time, she held me completely inside her. I felt so good, touching the back of her pussy like that that I reached up with both hands, grabbing onto her wonderful breasts. I kneaded them, rising up to kiss her cleavage.

Chelle continued to hold my dick inside her as she watched my mouth engulf her hard nipple. As I kissed at her tits, she began to subtly raise and drop her ass on my thighs, pulling my dick a couple inches out of her before sucking me back inside hungrily. I continued to caress her soft mounds, my tongue alternating from one nipple to the other. I kissed up her chest and neck until my searching lips found hers.

We kissed passionately again as she began to slide her pussy up more of my cock. I slid my tongue into her mouth as I ran my hands down her back to her ass. I grabbed onto her ass cheeks, humping my hips up off the bed and into her needy hole. Under the crack of her ass the pink lips of her pussy were being pulled outward by my long cock, before I slid back into her.

Then she broke our kiss.

Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! she moaned as I slammed myself up into her even harder.

Her cries broke off and she closed her eyes, wincing. Then she gasped, cumming, as she held still, my monster cock continuing to drive her hard. Her tits bounced up and down violently with each impact.

I had her ass in a death grip, forcing her down on me over and over again. Faster and faster, not letting her orgasm subside. She collapsed on top of me and just went along for the ride, gasping. It took a few minutes, but just when she had recovered enough to resume the workload, I rolled us onto our sides.

I was still inside her, still in between her legs. I slowed the pace, looking deep into her eyes. My hand caressed her smooth body, feeling every inch of her. I kissed her mouth softly as I slid my dick into her over and over.

My mouth was on hers, kissing her over and over, our lips smacking loudly. My hand caressed her soft tits, and up and down her back. I squeezed her ass, and caressed her smooth leg. The whole time, I was easing in and out of her pussy. My hand grabbed her leg, holding it up in the air as I fucked her a little faster. She was completely mine.

I was watching her expression, driving my cock into her harder, holding onto her leg as it flailed above me. I felt a strong urge to cum. We had been making love for over forty minutes, and I was starting to lose it. I felt an undeniable urge to give her my seed. My grip tightened on her leg as my dick shot in and out of her pussy faster. Her tits were bouncing up and down with every impact, and she was moaning softly.

Im gonna cum! I grunted.

I groaned, my dick jerking as I let go of her foot. Thick, hot cum shot forth, filling her. Then I involuntarily pulled out and, with the head of my cock now touching her bush, the next load that flowed out merely gathered in her neatly trimmed pubic hair.

I pulled back a little, cock still pulsating. My semen shot weakly out and onto the inside of her thigh. I groaned, the last of my ejaculate trickling out of me. That, too, went on her leg.

She was gasping for breath, smiling at me, watching me cum. Her hand was caressing my hair as she kissed me lightly, over and over.

So, tell me again about how gay men are in San Francisco, I said to her, as we laughed and rolled together in each others arms.

We spent a long time making love on that bed. For a long time we would just lay entangled together stroking and licking each others bodies, sometimes fucking, sometimes stroking slowly and gently, making the most of every sensation.

Finally in pleasant exhaustion, we crawled under the covers to sleep.

In the night, she awoke several times to stroke my boner into life, so that she could continue to feed her horny needs. Ive never met such an insatiable woman. She seemed to need it even more than I did.

In the wee hours of the morning we lay together as I held her in my arms, her head resting on my chest.

I moved to run my fingers through her hair.

This may have been a one-night stand, but I had never enjoyed a woman so thoroughly before in my life. This one had such a tight hole and a firm beautiful body. I knew I wanted to see her again and again.

Chelle was the kind of woman you never get tired of.

Of course she did live in New York, which was a problem. Before I knew what I was doing I had asked her if she wanted to marry me.

It was completely spontaneous of course, so I wasnt really offended, or surprised, when she turned me down. I was more curious that a ladies man like me would even offer up such a prized possession as his bachelorhood while still so young. All that talk had gotten me stirred up again and my dick hardened against her thighs.

We did the only thing we really could. We promised to see each other as often as our busy lives would allow. Her remaining on the East Coast and me on the Left. These past few years weve made do with that, looking forward to each other once or twice a year. Pulled together solely by the awesome power of our fucking. Even though she is now married and I have a girlfriend, our two weekends a year, one in San Francisco and the other in New York, is all it takes to remind me what I experience that strange day when the rain fell, and we got a little wet.

* * *

Copyright  2001, 2009 by Eagle1. All rights reserved. All characters portrayed in this story are meant to be over the legal age to consent to sexual activity. Any similarity to characters or situations, real or imagined, is purely coincidental. Unless you happened to be there of course. May be reprinted without permission of author in materials distributed free of charge or on websites where there is no fee charged for access, provided this copyright notice is attached.