My wife and I in a not so empty train 
By Bhuralund@gmail.com 


Not long ago my wife and I went to pick up a friend from the railway station. The train was arriving seven hours late as is usually the case with Indian railways and we had been waiting for four hours at the New Delhi station. Finally when the train arrived, although we waited till the last of the passengers disembarked but there was no sign on our friend. That friend is a bit weird so we thought maybe he was still asleep inside somewhere and so we climbed the almost empty train to search for him.

Since he had a booking in the first class cabins, we checked there first. After we had seen three compartments, we finally found him fast asleep in one of the cabins. His cabin was locked from inside, and we could only peek from a hole formed by some chipped wood splinter off the door. I could clearly see him sleeping even though only his face was visible from the small hole.

I decided to get help from the ticket checker. My wife waited there continuing to try to wake him up. I had walked half the station and yet there was no sign of the ticket checker or any other train staff. And just then the train started moving. I panicked as my wife was still inside so I ran and managed to get inside one of the compartments before the train caught speed. Since the train was probably moving to the shed, all lights had been switched off and it was pitch dark.

I moved along slowly trying to remember how far was the first class cabin. In the third cabin I saw some movement. As I moved closer, I saw two coolies inside the compartment. Fearing they were armed thieves or something, I hid behind a parting and peeked in on them. They were Bihari and were too busy to notice me. And what they were busy in was nothing but cock sucking. Yes, to the pleasant surprise of my always horny mind, they were sucking each other's cocks in the speeding train heading to the shed. They were fully clothed and had taken their cocks out of the flies of their pajama bottoms. The stale smell of the compartment had been taken over by the raw smell of their sweaty bodies and the unmistakable smell of their precum and body musk.

I too got carried away. I had never seen two men having sex together. And the sight of those two fat, uncut Bihari black cocks stirred my own cock into action. I could feel the first drop of precum lubricate the tip of my own uncut black cock and seep into the cotton of my underwear.
I started rubbing my achingly hard cock from above my trousers. Meanwhile one of the Bihari coolies stood up and holding the hair of his partner started thrusting his really thick cock in and out with steady strokes. He was facing me and I had problem watching his tasty cock from my angle so without thinking, I moved forward. And as I moved, he quickly spotted me and stopped fucking the moustached mouth of his partner. A thick shiny string of precum swung loosely between the tip of his cock covered in wrinkly foreskin and his cocksucking partner's lips.

I was so lost in their cocks, that I didn't notice that they had seen me. However, I reached closer and bent down to see their cocks from closer quarters. There was hunger rising in my throat - for something I had never hungered before - a stranger's cock. I sat down next to the sucker Bihari, my shoulder rubbing his thick heavyset shoulders. Then, as if suspended in a slow motion, I moved forward, my pink tongue sticking out and flickering like that of a snake and I swiped the breadth of my tongue across the head of the standing Bihari's proud uncut cock. I forced my tongue to slide over his glans past the wrinkled foreskin. With my tongue I scooped out all the colleacted salty precum from the ridges of his thick cock and I brought it out to coat my entire mouth with his slick precum juice.

Seeing me thus enjoying myself and savouring their pre fuck juice, the other Bihari got up and aligned himself with the first one and soon, he was pushing the head of his foreskinned hard veiny cock past my lips. He didn't have to try too hard because I started sucking both their cocks alternately. The first Bihari soon let go off his bitter, salty sperm on my tongue. I rolled his cum on my tongues and savoured the texture and the taste. Then I slowly let the Bihari's load slide down my throat. Once he was done, he sat down next to me and started sucking his friends cock alternating with me. His friend too unloaded his cum in my mouth but this time before I could swallow it, his friend clamped his mouth over mind and sucked the entire load of that Bihari sperm.

While our tongues were swashbuckling with each other, I notice the train had stopped and an old cleaner was waiting to clean the compartment. Seeing him, the two Biharis cursed at him and ran away. The old man, grinned, showing the two missing front teeth and advanced towards me, with a huge lump in his overall pants. He hauled out the biggest cock I have ever seen and started slapping me with it. The big fat head was almost the size of an apple and hit me in the face like a hammer made of man's meat. Only, this meat was also leaving trails of pussy lubricating pre-fuck juice.

I started sucking this old man's cock. I must have sucked for about 10 minutes when I heard my wife's shocked voice. What the hell are you doing? As the cleaner heard a female's voice, he lost all interest in my and turned towards her. His hammer like cock dangling dangerously low from his waist. With lightening agility, he grabbed hold of my wife, pinned her down on the dirty floor of the train and pulled her saree right above her pussy. Her pussy, looked like it had been beaten to death with a tomato. It was fluffed up and very very messy. Her long pussy hair were matted with some white creamy substance. And the pussy lips were splayed apart like someone had just pulled them apart.

With one hand, the old man held her down and with another hand, he grabbed the base of his cock and started searching for the entrance desired by his fat, thick, hot cock.

His cock was like the king of all cocks and shedding tears of precum joy from its one eyed hole, his cock started licking my wife's pussy from one end to the other. Soon the pussy had started inviting the cock inside by pulsating movements. And soon, my wife herself pushed herself hald on the old man's 10-inch long and 6-inch fat cock. She was inpaled on it and the old man withdrew his cock from her pussy till the wrinkled foreskinned tip was visible and then he plunged it deep inside her pussy till his cock's pee-hole hit the entrance of my wife's fertile pussy's womb.

In and out, in and out he fucked her...and hearing the squishing noises inside her meaty pussy, another man walked in from the shadows, it was my friend. He smiled at me and walked towards me cockily. When he came close then I saw that his limp but still heavy and plump cock was dangling from his zipper, a thick strand of white creamy sperm was running down from his cock's peephole till the ground. I immediately undertstood that my wife's pussy had taken a beating from his massive cock and he had probably fucked her bareback and deposited his cum straight inside her pussy. 

And now, this old dirty cleaner was ready to deposit his smelly sperm inside my wife to impregnate her with his smelly old seed. My cock was rock hard thinking of all the cocks and sperm in my wife's pussy. My friend pushed his fat cock inside my mouth and told me to make him hard to get him ready to fuck my wife in front of me. Just then, the old cleaner grunted and deposited ropes and ropes of his thick baby-making sperm deep inside my wife's pussy. As the old man withdrew his shrinking cock out of her messy pussy, my friend jammed my face on her pussy. "Suck all the smelly sperm out you faggot, suck her cream-pie pussy dry so that I can fuck her again and breed her definitely." I smiled and got to work.

The end.