     Kenna was barely 18 and was just entering her freshman year in college.  She had one
more week left of summer before classes started.  For the most part, she was a good girl and
stayed out of trouble.  Still a virgin, for the most part, the only thing she had any experience in
was kissing.  She never got in trouble at school and the only thing that her parents had trouble
with was that she was always late.  The one major weakness she had was Cade.
     Cade was six years older than she.  Her mother at first didn't want her to hang around
him, but she finally saw that it was a lost cause.  Cade was blonde and blue eyed and had such a
deep voice that it made her knees weak.  He had a girlfriend but she wanted him too much to
care.  Sadly for her, he didn't seem in too much of a hurry to deflower her even if everyone knew
she would do anything for him.  Everyone knew he wasn't fond of virgins...too much trouble he
said.  Even though she lied and told him she wasn't one, all he had ever done to her was kiss her
and touch her on rare occasion.
     Infatuated as she was, she was thrilled to see him drive up in his little blue pickup.  She
eagerly ran out to the pickup parked in her driveway.  She smiled.  "Hi."
     Hey, Ken," Cade said, gesturing to the man sitting in the passenger seat.  This is Alan. 
Alan, Kenna."
     "Hi," she said, barely glancing at Alan. All of her attention was on Cade..  "What's up?"
     Cade flashed her one of his devastating smiles.  "Was hoping you'd agree to go to the
lake with us.  Sort of a last fling of the summer.  We're camping out there."
     "Who's all there?" she asked, hoping that his girlfriend Maria wouldn't be there.  She
knew Maria and liked her.  She was just in too much heat for Cade to let that bother her much.
     "My sister and her boyfriend, and Maria," he said, gesturing at Alan.  "Alan here is
Maria's brother."
     She nodded, considering the options.  There could be a small possibility of some alone
time with Cade.  Even if there wasn't, it still should be fun.  It meant she would have to sneak
out of the house though.  She couldn't possibly stay out all night without her mother yelling at
her.  "Okay, but you'll have to come by at about eleven tonight to get me."
     He smiled.  "Great."  He touched her hair lightly, making her heartbeat speed up a little
bit.  "Wear shorts and a t-shirt.  Maybe we'll have a midnight swim."
     Kenna nodded.  As he backed the pickup out of her driveway, she all but skipped into the
house.  Shivering in anticipation, she hoped this would be night she never would forget.

     Getting out of the house was easy.  She ran out of the house and up to the pickup.  Alan
was driving.  Instead of Cade getting out of the pickup to let her in as she expected, he grabbed
her hand and pulled her into his lap.
     "Hey," Cade said, pulling her close to his body.  "I'm glad you could make it."
     To her, this was heaven.  As Alan put the truck in drive and started the drive to the lake,
she happily slipped her arms around his neck.  She wanted to reach up and run her hands through
his hair that hung over his collar, but she couldn't.  She was too uncertain with Cade, too afraid
of doing something to displease him. 
     "Kenna," he growled in his deep voice.  When she looked up, he kissed her, his tongue
teasing her lips until she opened them.  He heard her moan as his tongue slipped into her mouth.
     Somewhat surprised that he would kiss her in front of his girlfriend's brother, Kenna still
threw herself into his kiss, kissing him back enthusiastically.  She didn't care who was there, she
would have done anything he wanted.  He tasted of beer but to her that only heightened her
pleasure.  She loved his kisses.  Not any of the boys she kissed her own age kissed as well as he
did.
     His hand moved to her waist, lightly brushing the side of her breast.  He pulled his mouth
away and looked down at her.  They were way out of town, out of the street lights.  He wished he
could see her face.  Her expressive eyes always showed what she was feeling. He loved to see
the desire in them. 
     She looked up and met Alan's eyes and even in the dim light, she could see the
amusement in them.  She blushed as she realized that he had been watching them.  With Cade's
thumb hovering teasingly over her breast, barely brushing her nipple before settling on her
stomach, she realized that she was a slut when it came to Cade.  The fact that she was still a
virgin wasn't her idea.
     "I guess we're ignoring you, huh?" Cade looked over at Alan while he snuggled Kenna
closer.
     Alan grinned.  "I don't mind.  If I had her in my lap, I'd ignore everyone else too."
     Kenna laid her head down on Cade's shoulder to look at Alan.  From what she could see
in the dim light, he was good looking.  He seemed to be Cade's opposite.  Dark eyes, dark hair,
hair a little longer than Cade's.  She couldn't see much else in this light.  
     Cade bit her earlobe lightly, enjoying the way she shivered in response.  He dropped his
hand to touch her bare leg right above the knee.  She was so responsive.  Just from a touch, she
would melt.  
     "Hey, man, turn up the radio," Alan said to Cade.  "Kind of quiet with just the sound of
your heavy breathing."  Even in the darkness, Alan could tell she was blushing.  He was thrilled
with her.  He didn't have any hang ups about virgins.  He loved being the first.  She was pretty
too with long brown hair and bright blue eyes.  Dressed in shorts and a T-shirt, she had long legs
and big breasts.  
     Cade just laughed.  "You're just jealous.  Want to touch her?" he asked mischievously. 
He felt her jump, but he turned her face to his and kissed her until she couldn't remember her
name while one hand caressed her knee and the other one made circles on her back.
     "Nah, I'll wait." 
     She wanted to ask about that, but Cade was kissing her.  For the rest of the ten minute
drive it was like that.  Cade would kiss her and touch her in small arousing ways, but not
touching anything important, while Alan watched.  

     When they got to the campsite and got out of the truck, Cade pulled her to him and
whispered in her ear, "I'm giving you over to Alan.  Be nice to him."  He gave her a gentle push
towards Alan.
     Kenna watched Cade walk over to his girlfriend.  That was it.  He brought her for Alan. 
She should have known.  He had done it to her before.
     Alan took her by the elbow, squeezing lightly, as he led her over to the fire.  "Want a
beer, Kenna?"
     "No, don't think so," she said, saying hello to Maria and Cade's sister Kaye and her
boyfriend Mark.  She sit down beside Alan, watching Cade lean over to kiss Maria.
     After talking for about an hour, Mark stood up and took Kaye's hand.  "Come on, lets go
swimming.  Skinny dipping."
     "Only if you can catch me first," Kaye yelled, running to the water with Mark chasing
after her.
     Cade stood up, pulling Maria up with him.  He turned to Kenna.  "Lets go."
     Kenna shook her head.  She had a phobia about swimming.  "Oh no.  I can't swim, and I
don't care for the water."
     Cade took one hand and Alan took the other one.  "Come on," Cade said, tugging on her
hand.  "We'll take care of you."
     She let herself be pulled into the water.  The warm water did feel good.  Mark and Kaye
had all ready took off their clothes.  Cade was all ready pulling at Maria's shirt.  There was no
way she was going to take her clothes off.
     Cade quickly had Maria's clothes off.  He looked at Kenna, who was shaking her head.
"Come on Ken.  It'll be fun.  Have you ever swam naked?"
     She shook her head.  "And I'm not going to start now."  She shrieked when Cade lunged
for her and caught her arm.  "Cade, please."
     Cade pulled her against his bare chest, placing her hands on his chest.  He grinned when
he saw that she was distracted by the feel of his chest underneath her hands.  He pulled her shirt
and shorts off before she regained her senses.  "Relax, have fun."
     Kenna let herself be dragged further out into the water by Marie and Kaye.  The boys
returned, all nude too, from putting their clothing on the shore.  She felt a tingle at the thought of
Cade naked.  She wasn't sure if she was thankful for the darkness or not.
     Maria and Kaye let go of her hands to go to Cade and Mark, leaving her with Alan.  A
wave in the lake almost knocked her over and she grabbed on to Alan instinctively, very aware
of the fact that they were both naked.  At the moment she was more worried of the water.
     Alan smiled, slipping his arms around her waist.  He saw her flinch at the feel of him
against her, even though nothing was touching her except his chest.  "Relax, I won't let you go."
     She tried to relax as he maneuvered them over by Cade and Maria.  Mark and Kaye had
moved further away from them.  She tried not to think of how his chest felt against her breasts. 
     "Get back here," Cade yelled to Mark and Kaye.  "No hanky panky in the water!"  He let
Maria go and started swimming towards them.
     Kenna turned to talk to Maria and gasped and jerked back away from Alan when his cock
came into direct contact with the entrance of her vagina.  She hoped Marie hadn't heard the
gasp.  She knew Alan had, couldn't help but hear it.  
     Alan's arms tightened around her, almost gasping himself at the feel of himself touching
her most private part, wanting nothing more than to press his cock back against her.  He took a
deep breath to regain control, not wanting to scare her.  He watched her look up at him and then
shyly look back down.  He knew she was being very careful about keeping her lower body away
from his.  There was something deliciously shy and submissive about her, he didn't miss that she
took Cade's every order.  If he could get her attention away from Cade...
     Cade splashed water on them, making Kenna jump and Alan frown at him.  He grinned. 
"Just making sure you two were behaving."
     Kenna moved farther way from Alan, just holding onto his shoulders.  She started
wondering how she got herself into this.  She was the youngest of this circle of friends, and had
been for three years, and she had always tried to act older than she was, hoping to fit in.
     Mark and Kaye drifted back over.  She didn't know who started it, but soon they were all
in a water fight.  She moved away from Alan to better compete, relieved to put some space
between them.
     Kenna nearly tripped from the waves and had to grab onto Mark's shoulder.  She moved
back into Alan's arms, deciding she was safer there.  She would just have to be careful.  At the
moment her fear of the water was greater than her fear of Alan.
     Alan moved them over by Cade and Maria.  "I wish I didn't have to go to work in the
afternoon.  Could borrow my uncle's boat and go water skiing."
     Cade grinned, looking at Kenna.  "That's okay.  Kenna would have a heart attack."
     She turned to glare at him, only to jump as Alan's cock came in contact with her again,
this time slipping in far enough to actually spread her lips.  She moved back just as quickly as
before.  She took a deep breath, trying hard not to tremble.  As strange as it had felt, it had felt
good against her.
     They had fun in the water for ten more minutes.  Two more times Alan's cock had made
her gasp by nudging up against her pussy.  She had started wondering if he was doing it on
purpose.  Cade got out of the water to get a towel.  Kenna knew she probably couldn't see
anything, but she couldn't bring herself to look.  She was still shaken by the close proximity of
Alan's body.  
     Cade, Maria, Mark, and Kaye got out of the water, but Alan and Kenna hung back. 
Kenna was shy about getting out of the water.
     Alan tightened his  arms around her, hugging her close to his body.  "I'll go get the towel,
and I promise I won't look."
     Kenna glanced up at him to see the mischief in his eyes.  Even though she wasn't sure he
could be trusted, she nodded.
     Alan went and got the towel, wrapping her up in it as she stepped out of the water. 
Kenna tried to ignore the fact that he was naked and not doing a thing to shield his body from
her eyes.  She was relieved when Maria yelled for her from the tent.
     "I've got some dry clothes for you," Maria said, handing her a long shirt and a pair of
panties.  "Sorry I don't have any shorts for you."  She gestured for her to sit down.  "So how are
you and Alan doing?  You seem to like each other."
     "He's nice," she said, slipping into the clothes.  She tried not to think about how his cock
felt.  Knowing Maria wanted more information than that, she said, "And good looking.  I'm
having fun with him."  She really liked Maria even though she was hot for her boyfriend.  A lot
of people thought she was his sister instead of his girlfriend.  Same light blond hair and blue
eyes.  
     Maria smiled.  "Good.  I'm glad you were able to come.  Al decided at the last moment
to come, and we didn't want him to be lonely."
     When she walked out of the tent, Kenna was glad to see everyone at least partially
clothed.  All the girls had on were shirts and panties, and the men were in just shorts.  Alan
pulled her down by him, and she went willingly.  With Cade there watching her, she didn't want
to protest.  He pulled her closer to him.
     Over the next hour, they talked and joked around the fire.  She found out that Alan was
twenty-five and lived not very far from her, and worked at a nearby bar while he went to college. 
     Her heart jumped in her throat when it was time to go to bed.  She knew everyone
expected her to sleep with Alan, and she felt like a baby to object.  Cade and Maria were going
to sleep in the same tent as them, so she should be safe.
     Kenna laid down beside Alan and wasn't surprised when he pulled her against his body. 
For a moment, she thought how nice it would be to have someone to snuggle with as she slept. 
But she was afraid he would want more than a snuggle.  For now, though, he seemed content just
to hold her.
     It took her some time to adjust to the feeling of his bare chest under her hand and face,
and to the feel of his hard body against her, but she eventually fell asleep.  She woke up about an
hour later to him running his hands over her body, one of his hands under her shirt.  She gasped
as his fingers brushed over her nipples..
     He took the opportunity to kiss her, pressing his lips to hers, slipping his tongue into her
mouth.  He caressed her breast lightly, cupping it and running a fingertip across her nipple.
     She allowed the kiss and the touching, but was very nervous.  He was a good kisser,
though different than Cade.  More forceful.  His body was just as nice: tall, lean, and muscular. 
She squirmed a little, looking for a way out of this situation.  She pulled her mouth away from
his.  "Aren't you going to let me sleep?"
     He moved his mouth to her ear, lightly nipping her earlobe.  "I have something else I
want to do."  His moved his hand down to her stomach, pushing her back as she tried to sit up. 
"Relax and enjoy what I'm doing."
     She squirmed a little, looking over to where Cade was sleeping.  She didn't want to wake
him up.  Her mind went blank again when he moved his hand back up to her breast, gently
squeezing her nipple.
     "See how good I can make you feel," Alan said, his voice soft and coaxing.  He moved
his mouth down to her neck, kissing and gently sucking.  He bit her neck, making her jump.  She
started squirming when he bit down, but he threw a leg over hers.  He felt her relax some as he
continued to caress her breast.
     She couldn't believe it.  No one had touched her breasts, except Cade sometimes, but
only a teasing touch across the nipple, nothing like this, and now here she was letting some
stranger caress them.  The enjoyment she was getting blocked out the fact that she was making
out with a stranger for the moment.  His hand was so warm and felt so good.
     When he took her hand and pulled her hand to his crotch pressing her fingers against his
hard shaft, she started struggling in earnest to pull her hand away.  She was starting to panic. 
"No, I need sleep."  She didn't know why she couldn't just tell him that she didn't want to, that
she just couldn't do this with someone she didn't know.
     He let her hand go and pulled her closer to his body.  He let her relax for about ten
minutes, letting her calm down before starting the seduction again by slipping his hand down the
back of her panties.  
     She closed her eyes at the feel of his warm hand on her bottom.  "You're not going to let
me sleep, are you?" she asked.  But then her mind went blank as he started caressing her bottom. 
She had no idea her ass was so sensitive.
     "Probably not," he said, his other hand going to her breast, barely touching her nipple,
teasing her.  "Relax."
     She was finding it hard to relax or to think.  The feelings he was causing were disturbing. 
She tensed and gasped when his fingers slipped between her cheeks and his other hand cupped
her breast.  She was breathless as he trailed his finger down between her asscheeks, caressing in
between.
     His hand left her breast to moved down to her stomach, caressing.  He wished he could
see her face..  A finger dipped into her belly button, swirling his finger around it before his hand
moved lower, stopping at the top of her panties.
     His hand at the sensitive part of her ass was driving her crazy.  This time when he drew
her hand down to his cock, she left it there, feeling him through the shorts.  God, he felt huge. 
Of course, she didn't have anyone to compare him with.
     "Do you want me to continue?"
     "Yes," she said barely hearing him through the daze she was in.  "I mean no.  Oh, I don't
know."
     He kissed her, thrusting his tongue inside her mouth in rhythm of the thrust of his hips
against her hand.  He groaned as her hand started to hesitantly move up and down his cock
through his shorts.  His other hand slipped into the front of her panties, moving slowly as not to
frighten her.
     She closed her eyes.  She couldn't believe the way he was making her feel.  Every time
his finger dipped between her cheeks, she would gasp and stiffen up.  She froze though as she
felt his finger slip between her pussy lips.  She tried to pull away.  "No, please, don't."  She
started to tremble.  She was confused, scared, and excited all at the same time.
     He ignored her, pushing her panties down.  His finger slipped deeper between her cheeks,
pressing against her asshole.  He kissed her forehead as she started to whimper and squirm away. 
"Relax, just a touch, no penetration."
     Breathing hard, she tried to be still as she felt his finger move between her lips, searching
for her clit.  When he found it and gently rubbed it, she jerked as a jolt of pleasure streaked
through her.  She was lost.  With one of his hands caressing her backside and his other hand
caressing her front, she was more aroused than she had ever been. 
     Putting his lips near her ear, he whispered, "have you ever had an orgasm?"  She shook
her head no.  "Reach into my shorts and touch me."  Again she shook her head no.  "Do it."
     Hesitating for a moment, she slipped her hand into his shorts and wrapped her hand
around him.  She slid her hand down him.  He was so hard, so hot, so smooth.  She couldn't
imagine how it would feel inside her.
     He closed his eyes for a moment.  "Oh Kenna, that feels so good."  He started rubbing
her clit as her hand moved on his cock.  "See, that's not so bad is it?"
     She didn't answer as his fingers played around her pussy, rubbing her clit, touching the
entrance of her vagina.  She couldn't believe she was letting this happen, but she was just too far
gone.  Her hips started lifting up into his touch, wanting more but not exactly sure of what.
     He glanced over at Cade and Maria to see if they were asleep and pushed his shorts
down, watching her avert her eyes as his cock spring free.  "Kenna, put your mouth on me."
     Her eyes flew  up to his.  "No.  No, I can't do that."  
     He leaned down and caught her nipple in his mouth, hearing her moan, feeling her jump
as she experienced the thrill of having a mouth on her breast for the first time.  He licked her
with his tongue, then gently sucked on the nipple.  He pulled his hands out of her panties and
drew her into his arms, thrusting his cock against her through her panties. 
     She pressed against him, feeling his cock against her.  She moaned as his cock pressed
against her clit.  "I've never felt this way before," she said quietly.  Sometimes at night she
would pull her panties down and slide her fingers between her lips.  She would rub herself,
imagining that it was Cade who was touching her.  She never could bring herself off, and 
     He hugged her to him, kissing her softly, comfortingly, then pushed her away a small
distance.  "Trust me, and I'll make you feel even better.  Now put your mouth on me."
     She shook her head.  "No."  She could barely catch her breath.    "Please."
     "Oh please what?  Oh please stop or oh please don't stop?"  He considered pushing her
into sucking his cock, but decided to back off.  It was her first time after all.  That could wait
until next time.  He pulled off her panties and then moved his hand back to her pussy, sliding his
fingers over her clit, making her moan.  "You are so wet."  He rolled her onto her back.  "Spread
your legs for me."
     She shivered, but obeyed the order.  She enjoyed the fingers on her so much that she
didn't notice him moving into position between her thighs until his cock touched her.  Her eyes
flew open.  "No, no."  She tried to close her legs against him but he wouldn't let her.  She
gasped as he placed his cock at the entrance of her vagina.  In the water, she was able to back
away, but here she was trapped.  All she could do was feel him throbbing against her.
     His hands slid up her legs coming to rest on her upper thighs.  As he spread her legs
wider, he rocked his hips against her, enough to spread her lips but not enough to penetrate.  His
fingers moved to her nipple, gently rolling it between his thumb and finger.  "Do you want me to
stop?"
     His fingers on her breast felt so good.  "No," she gasped, squirming against him.  She
froze as squirming brought him deeper inside her.  She whimpered as she felt his cock jump
against her.  In her haze of desire, she realized he was having trouble holding back from
thrusting into her immediately.
     "Relax."  He stayed still for a moment, and then pushed his cock inside her, exerting a
slow but steady pressure, hearing her gasp.  Might as well get it over with, he thought,  thrusting
inside her until he was half buried.  He groaned at the incredible tightness even as he heard her
cry out in pain.
     "Too big," she whimpered, squirming, trying to get away from him.  The strange feeling
of him inside her combined with the sharp pain she felt had her panicking.
     He grabbed her hands, pulling them over her head, stilling hers.  Her movements against
him were driving him over the edge, making him want to grab her hips and thrust deep inside
her. And since this was her first time he wanted it to be as pleasant as possible.   "Shh, not so
loud.  You'll wake Cade and Maria."  Careful not to put his full weight on her, he layed with
her, kissing her neck, giving her time to adjust to him. 
     She took a deep breath, calming herself some.  The pain had faded mostly as she
struggled to adjust to him.  She was started to notice other things...how good his chest felt
against her breasts, how his breath at her neck tickled her throat, how hot he was.  "So big, so
hot."
     He applied pressure again, pushing his cock all the way inside her.  He wanted her to
orgasm this first time, but she was so tight, he was going to have a hard time maintaining
control.
     She closed her eyes tight as he started moving inside her, long slow strokes.  He was so
big that it still hurt a little, but she was adjusting quickly, her level of arousal rising again until it
was at the point it was before the sharp pain, and when his fingers gently pinched her nipple, she
moaned and experimentally moved her hips, lifting up into his thrust.
     That movement wrecked havoc with his control, grabbing her hips, he started thrusting
inside her, hard and fast.  After a few minutes, he managed to slow down enough to regain some
type of  control.
     She was getting into it, her pussy so wet that even as big as he was, he had no problem
now sliding in and out.  She felt him moving a hand between them to rub her clit.  She moaned
at how good that felt.
     He lifted her legs, wrapping them around his waist, opening her pussy wider, pushing
deeper.  He caught her hand and brought it to her pussy.  "Rub yourself."  Although she
hesitated, she did as she was told.
     She moaned as he reached around her, squeezing her ass, before his fingers slipped
between her cheeks, teasing her asshole.  She tensed, afraid of insertion, but loving the feel of
his finger moving around her ass.  It was all feeling so good.
     His thrusts were hard and deep now, bordering on being rough, but she was too caught up
in her passion to protest.  She did start to object when his finger began to penetrate her ass. 
"No!"
     "Yes," he said, now grinding his hips against her on each downward thrust.  "I want you
to cum.  I want to feel your cunt tighten around me.  I want to hear you cry out."  He wasn't
trying to be quiet now.  He was fairly sure that Cade was all ready awake, but it didn't bother
him.  They had women in the same room before, sometimes even sharing the same woman.
     The words as well as his constant thrusting were getting to her.  She gasped as her pussy
starting tingling, not recognizing the beginnings of an orgasm.  She felt his finger slip into her
ass up to the first knuckle, jumping at the initial flash of pain.  It soon turned to pleasure, and,
that was enough to push her over the edge into a huge orgasm, causing her to cry out loudly at
the wonderful spasms of pleasure.  She had no idea it would be like this.
     Feeling her pussy rippling and tightening around him, he thrust rapidly inside her,
cumming inside her, moaning, closing his eyes tight against the pleasure.  "My God, Kenna." 
He collapsed beside her, pulling her tightly to him.
     Trying to catch her breath, exhausted, she closed her eyes.  She snuggled up against him,
forcing herself not to think about what just happened as reality tried to make its way back in. 
Exhausted as she was, she was asleep within minutes.
     
     When she woke up sometime later, he was between her legs and his cock was stabbing at
her pussy.  She jumped in surprise, trying to pull away.  She groaned, her pussy was so sore. 
"No, sore, it'll hurt."
     He didn't answer her until he had thrust his hard cock inside her all the way.  She cried
out.  "Shh, be quiet."  He started moving inside her.
     She started whimpering from the discomfort that his thrusts were causing in her very sore
pussy.  "Please," she said, but he didn't stop.  Soon though as her body started to respond to the
powerful thrusts, and her pussy got wet, she forgot all about being sore and her whimpers turned
to moans of pleasure.
     Still Alan had a head start on her, and he orgasmed before she did.  She protested when
he pulled out.  He gathered her in his arms again, hugging her to him, but she felt like crying. 
She wanted what she had experienced last night.  She wanted the intense pleasure.  It was a long
time before she fell back asleep, but eventually she did.

     The next time she woke up, Alan was shaking her shoulders.  "Come on Ken, time to get
you home before your mother finds you gone."
     Kenna was groggy, but woke up quickly as she looked at the time on her watch.  She
jumped up, only to groan as her pussy protested.  She was so sore.  She looked up to find Alan
looking at her in amusement.
     Alan handed her a pair of shorts, the shorts she was wearing last night.  "Here, they're
dry now."  He had all ready put a t shirt on with his shorts.
     Kenna dressed quickly and was relieved when she got in the pickup and on her way
home.  She wanted to go home and fall into her bed and stay there all day.  She couldn't believe
what she let happen.
     On the fifteen minute drive to her house, they talked about small things, mostly about
college getting ready to start and what classes they were taking and what classes they had took.
Neither mentioned what they had done last night.  She was happy when they pulled up to her
house.  
     As she was getting out, he caught her arm and pulled her to him, kissing her lips briefly.
"Next time, you're going to suck my cock."  
     Not replying, she got out of the truck and ran up to her house.  She didn't relax until she
was in her bedroom, in her bed.  There wasn't going to be a next time.  She couldn't do it.  She
wasn't some slut to just jump into bed with anyone.  She didn't know him.  There was not going
to be a next time, she vowed, convincing herself.

(To be continued)

