Nigerian and Sri Lankan car park attendants warm my wife's cold body
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

It was raining heavily. The raindrops were hitting hard like small pebbles. Wife and I were in a mood to drink and enjoy. We had been pub hopping since 6pm and we had decided to visit at least five pubs before heading home and having a hot sex with each other. We had already covered four pubs and were on the way to the fifth one when we got caught in the rain. We were in the business district of the town and it was completely deserted. Somehow we managed to run to find shelter in a nearby building. The public car park was on the ground floor and it seemed empty save a few cars. We were just standing in a dark corner. It was cold but we were not dressed in warm clothes as we had only anticipated staying indoors and travelling in warm taxies and hence pretty soon, my wife - drenched - started shivering badly. I had a jacket on but it was wet too so it wouldn't have helped. I was hoping the rain would stop soon and we could get a cab home. Although we had enough alcohol in our blood stream to warm a horse, it was no use against the wet weather. My wife, slightly drunk, slowly collapsed in one corner. 

Shortly, a security guard from the building approached us and asked what we were doing there. When he saw the state we were in, he suggested that we move to his office, which was heated. "I can call for a taxi for you guys and the lady will definitely be better off in the heated room," he kindly suggested. I couldn't have thanked him enough. But to make matters worse, my wife, slowly drifted into a black out. She was still a bit responsive as the security guard and I pulled her up and almost dragged her to the office. Indeed, it was so much more comfortable inside. It was a small room, with a desk, a few CCTV monitors, a cupboard and a small single bed in the corner. Since the room was carpeted I was a bit hesitant in making my wife sit somewhere. The security guard - a Sri Lankan old man - told me to let her lie down on the bed.  "Oh no, your bed will get all wet," I said. He did agree to that and suggested, "If you don't mind my saying, perhaps you could take her clothes off and cover her with my blanket  - this way we could dry her clothes in front of the heater as well anyway, I think she shouldn't be wearing those wet clothes anymore as she is shivering violently." I was grateful to his suggestion as indeed we didn't have many options at the time. But I was a little hesitant taking her clothes off in front of a complete stranger and a black, rather ugly smelly fellow at that! As if reading my mind, he said that he would go out for a round while I "changed" my wife. And then he went out to the car park.

I undressed my wife slowly and took off her shoes, her skirt and her blouse. I couldn't possibly let her lie down in her bra and underwear as they were soaking wet too. So I got her completely nude and quickly made her lie down on the rather small bed. I noticed several stains on the bed that reminded me of dried cum but then what else could I do except lay my drunken wife on the bed full of dried cum from a old ugly security guard. Then I covered her with the blanket - even though it smelled strongly of dried cum and piss. Just then the Sri Lankan guard returned. He was staring at my wife's bare shoulders and a little bit of cleavage that was showing (the blanket was too short for my rather tall wife!). "She is out like a horse," he commented and asked me, "I have some brandy, and should I give her a few sips? She will warm up." I thought it was a good idea. So he pulled out a hip flask and sat down at the head of the bed and gently lifted my wife's head and made her drink a few sips.  The drink just didn't go in her mouth as her head was too low. So he asked me to pull her up a little. When I pulled her up a little, the blanket fell off her chest revealing her milky white big breasts halfway. He didn't seem perturbed with the sight and administered some more brandy. It was still flowing out of her mouth so he asked me to pull her up a little more. When I did as told, the blanket fell off to her waist exposing her two magnificent breasts entirely. Her dark nipples were hard as rocks (perhaps because of the cold!) and jutting out like miniature cocks.

The old Sri Lankan guard coughed and laughed a nervous little laugh. "Your wife has beautiful sexy tits," he said as he forced some brandy to her mouth. She swallowed some eagerly and he slowly made her drink some more. I was surprised that she drank the entire hip flask within seconds. But that must have warmed her up. She stayed blanked out. And the security guard slowly put her head back on the cum-stained stained pillow. He didn't bother to cover her up. He moved to the foot of the bed and uncovered my wife's feet. "I think we better massage her feet to warm her up," he said and started massaging her feet gently. At that time, my bladder was about to burst and I asked him where the toilet was. "Oh toilet! Hmm I am afraid you will have to go to the second floor. Just take the stairs at the far end of the car park and walk up. It's just to the right of the door."

I couldn't wait for so long so I just peed in the corner of the office outside and hence was back in less than a minute. The horrible sod was probably not expecting me to return so fast and I was shocked to see from the glass panel behind him, that he had removed the blanket completely off my wife and was slowly ruffling her pussy hair. I was too shocked to do anything and I was even more shocked to feel my cock stir in my wet pants to see an ugly smelly black Sri Lankan play with my wife's pussy. I decided to watch some more before intruding. He leaned forward and sniffed my wife's pussy like it was vintage cheese. Then he spat on his black gnarled fingers and slowly rubbed then along my wife's meaty pussy slit. Once it was wet enough, he eased one and then two black fingers inside and slowly started finger fucking her. From time to time, he would sniff and lick his fingers. Then he looked around and bent down to lick my wife's drunken but wet pussy. Very quickly he unzipped himself and hauled a mean and ugly piece of cock. It was a dirty dark brown in color - almost black and it had a long overhang of foreskin. It was ugly but I was fascinated by its girth and length - almost six inches wide and more than 10 inches long - double the size of my own cock. He squeezed the base of his fat black native cock and scooped plenty of gooey slimy precum, this he then smeared all over my wife's meaty pussy. He even pushed the rest of the precum slime inside her cunt. Then he stood up and straddled my wife's body. He squatted down without actually touching my wife's body and just with the tip of his uncut cock rubbed along the length of my wife's pussy smearing more of that smelly free-flowing precum all over and inside to lubricate her baby-making machine. I couldn't possibly let him fuck my fertile and unprotected wife like that so I made sounds like I was returning from the toilet. He jumped down and covered my wife with the blanket. But he didn't have any time to shove his black dripping monster back in his pants so he covered himself a little bit with the same blanket.

I decided to call his bluff and jerked the blanket off the both of them. He was stunned for a moment and didn't know what to do. But he didn't make any attempt to hide his big black uncut cock which he had somehow wedged between my wife wife's toes. It looked obscene with just a little bit of the head poking through her toes and a steady stream of thick precum slime streaming down on her feet. "What the fuck do you think you are doing asshole," I demanded of him. Before he could say anything, very conveniently, his walkie-talkie started buzzing - "Chanaka? Chanaka? Calling Chanaka..." so he let his cock stay put and answered the walkie-talkie.  "Chanaka, sorry could you cover me at the fourth floor for some time? I need to make a call home." As Chanaka said yes, the door opened with a bang - apparently his colleague was already on the way to the office. I stood in dumb animation as the second security guard - a fearsome black Nigerian - looked at the three of us with his mouth open. 

"Nothing really," Chanaka stammered, "this lady here was freezing to death and this man here asked me to give her a good rub with my man-cream. He said that this is the only way to bring her back."  I was too shocked at what he was suggesting. "What the fuck? You asshole...you were the one who was trying to fuck my wife with that ugly black cock of yours. If I had not entered in time, you would probably already fucked her...isn't it?" Chanaka changed colors pronto..."So you were watching me all this while...and never complained when I rubbed my big black Sri Lankan cock up and down her hungry cunt?" I had no answer to that. Suddenly the tables were turned. While I was standing there in the small room now crowded with three people my eyes focusing on the dirty carpet, the black Nigerian slowly noiselessly pulled out his own black monster - uglier than the Sri Lankan cock and much bigger. It reminded me of a horsecock I had seen in my childhood as the horse rammed that 20 inches long ugly cock in a quivering mare's meaty pussy...

"Shut up both of you...let me settle this," he pushed me aside, "Let me see if there's any truth in what you just said." Then he bent down towered over my wife's naked body and sniffed. "I can smell cock here," he said and then pushed his long black finger along my wife's pussy right under my eyes. Then he inspected his fingers and sniffed them, "Yeah, I can smell prefuck juices on her cunt. So Chanaka you were telling the truth." Then they looked at me with evil eyes.

"Shall we call the police and report you for pimping your wife," the Nigerian asked and I shivered involuntarily at the thought. "No. Please don't," I said in a suddenly small and whiney, begging voice. They laughed. "Then shall we go ahead and fuck your slut wife?" "Please sir," I was surprised that the "sir" came out of its own accord, "Please don't. She is not on the pill and we have been trying to have a child for some time now." The Nigerian looked amused, "Oh I see. Then you have only one choice. Since you have aroused the both of us, you need to help us release the loads in our nuts. Now either you let us fuck your drunken wife or if you don't want a black baby in her womb...well...then you better suck us off."
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I? Suck them off? What the fuck was happening. Oh man what if my wife woke up and saw me down on my knees sucking these two horrible, ugly and smelly black cocks? Wait a minute; I am already thinking of sucking these two disgusting cocks? I was shocked as my knees folded on their own and I was down on the dirty floor, the Nigerian's half hard massive shaft dangling inches away from my slobbering mouth. He slapped me with his half hard cock and I saw stars with the impact and the weight of the massive black cock. He slapped me with his cock a few times till he was rock hard and then he peeled his blue-black foreskin back and rubbed his salty and sweaty cock on my dry lips. My mouth parted and the head of his black cock jammed inside. I gagged but he held my ears and slowly started fucking my mouth like it was a rubber fuck doll. I was constantly swallowing his never-ending thick gooey precum and it was about five minutes before I heard the unmistakable sounds of a cock sloshing in a wet moist pussy. The Nigerian didn't let me pull off his cock so I could only see from sideways as Chanaka dipped his cockmeat in my honey's creamy pussy. He was slowly fucking her and she was bucking under him unconsciously. 

Somehow I pulled off the Nigerian's pleasurable ugly donkey cock just for enough time to utter, "You promised that if I suck you off you won't fuck my wife?" The Nigerian slammed his cock in my mouth again and snarled, "Yes, I did but he didn't...so it's fair that he get some pleasure out of this deal too and with that he started raping my mouth like crazy.  Let me be honest now that though I hated the sight of their ugly and smelly cocks at first I loved every moment of pleasuring that monster cockmeat with my mouth. I was dying to drink and taste his black baby making seed and I even surprised myself by wishing that if I was a woman I would have loved to bear a baby of this supreme black man. He fucked my mouth for more than 30 minutes and still there was no sign of him cum. My mouth was tired. Just then I heard a loud groan just like I do when I bury my useless sperm in my wife's fertile pussy. Chanaka had collapsed on my naked drunken wife and his hips were bucking up and down as he emptied his old, stake, but still potent baby-making Sri Lankan sperm in my wife's anticipating pussy. He came for about two minutes and pulled his still impressive and ugly cock out of her cunt like a cork from the champagne bottle. My wife's hairy pussy was a mess. I was admiring it when the Nigerian pushed me away, "Fucking asshole, my patience has run out. You didn't manage to make me cum so now your wife has to finish your job." 

Then he took Chanaka's place over my wife's cunt and started rubbing his gigantic black cock up and down her battered and cum-laden pussy. Then he pulled me closer and holding my head by the hair rubbed my mouth all over her messy cum-drenched pussy. "Asshole, suck that cunt dry for me...eat Chanaka's old seed from your wife's cunt..." I was happy to slurp all that delicious and smelly old cum from my wife's pussy. Once I had slurped every single drop of the Sri Lankan's seed, the Nigerian dipped his fuckmeat in my wife's unprotected pussy and started fucked her with a vigor I had only seen in porno flicks. He fucked her relentlessly. I was surprised that she hadn't woken up with all that fucking and the big fat cock meats in her pussy. Finally after 15 minutes of pure raw bareback fucking, the Nigerian bull grunted and erupted his thick ropes of sperm straight at the entrance of my wife's womb. And I sat next to them...waiting for my turn to slurp that fresh nigger cum straight from my wife's pussy.

The end.