					What's your Pleasure II (b/M, incest, hyno)


Chapter 2


Over the next few days, things seemed to get back to normal, Jack hadnt used me and I spent a lot of time thinking about sucking his cock and what it would feel like to be fucked. I had a constant hard-on and I wasnt even hypnotized.  Looking back at things, I had fantasies about other men but never acted on it. My fantasies were about being held down and face fucked by a gang of men. I would masturbated to images of hard cocks being forced down my throat. As each new guy took his turn, his cock seemed to be bigger than the last, forcing my lips and throat to expand. But always the last cock, before I came, was 10 long and 3 fat.  I would always cum when this monster was completely imbedded in my throat
discharging what seemed to be a gallon of cum filling my belly like I had just eaten a full course meal. My fantasies never included getting fucked but I hinted to my ex-wife that she could fuck me with a strap-on. (She thought that was sick and I never mentioned it again)

But things were about to change. It was Sunday morning and I had slept late, awaking to the sounds of  Jack making breakfast. Throwing on a robe, (I sleep naked), I went down to the kitchen. On the floor by  The door was his overnight suitcase and he was wrapping food. I had forgotten that he was going on a week long school trip.

Morning, all packed, I said, moving towards him.  He turned, smiling and said Daddy, I horny. Once again, I fell to my knees, what is your pleasure.  I had been right behind him when he spoke those words so that when I went to my knees and he turned around, his crotch was in my face.  Suck is all he said. My dick got instantly hard as I un zipped his pants and freed his cock. As I stroked him, my fantasies filled my brain. Without thought, I took him in my mouth all the way so that my lips touched his belly. It felt so good and so natural. I began sucking him in long strokes, taking him as deep into my mouth and throat as possible. My hand instantly went to my cock. Stop! he cried.  I froze.When you are under my control, you will not touch yourself or cum unless I tell you to. Once you are free, you can do whatever you want. Understand? Not wanting to let go of his organ, I just nodded and move my hand away from my cock.

Good, now get naked and bend over the table, its time to fuck, he said, taking off his pants. I had quickly removed my robe and bent over the table exposing my ass to him. I instinctively spread my legs to give him access and found that I was actually looking forward to feeling his cock in me. Meanwhile, my own cock wanted to cum but I couldnt. I had been ordered not to. It felt like my cock got bigger and bigger like a balloon that was ready to explode.

I heard Jack moving around behind me when he placed a can of Cisco grease near my head. Since you are cherry, I will take it easy on you this time. That means Im going to open you up with my fingers first. When youre ready for my cock, I will go slowly so that I dont tear you apart. But before warned, I will not be so nice in the future. With that said, he scooped some cisco on his fingers and pushed his index finger into me. His finger went in to the first knuckle easily but then met some resistance. He fucked me this way for a few minutes letting me get used to his finger. As for me, my body tighten around his finger but my mind seemed to enjoy it. Exerting more pressure, his finger pushed past my anus and into my bowel. I tensed up but Jack just left his finger. With his finger still in me, he moved around so that his cock was in my face. Without a thought, I opened my mouth and accepted my fate. As he fucked my face his finger moved in time to his hips. Within minutes, my ass was thrusting against his finger, trying to get more. Jacks only response was to add another finger to my ass fucking. It felt so good that I yearned to feel his cock. Jack thought so too as he pulled his cock and fingers out of me and moved between my legs. He grabbed some more cisco and greased up his cock. I felt the head of his cock enter me but meet the same resistance as his finger. Then grabbing my hips, he thrust into me completely impaling his dick in me and stopped. My only response was to howl and grab onto the ends of the table even harder. It felt like a pipe had been shoved up my ass. Jack didnt move for few minutes, letting me get used to his boycock in my ass. When my panting subsided, Jack started top fuck me. His strokes were very slow. It felt like he withdrew completely only to thrust as deep as possible again. My hips started to respond and meet his trusts. He picked up speed and with a few minutes gave a mighty thrust, spewing his seed deep into me. After a few more thrusts, Jack collapsed on my back. He kissed my cheek and whispered in my ear, how would you like it if I turned you into a sissy-man? Before I could respond, he pulled out of me and headed for the door. Oh, I want you to remove all the hair on your body except for your head by the time I get back. Thatll do. Picking up his bag, he was out the door.

Immediately, upon hearing those words, I was rocked by the most intense orgasm I ever had. I couldnt help it; my body just started humping the table, gushing more and more semen on the table and my belly. This subsided after a few minutes and I found that I enjoyed a cock up my ass or down my throat. I had to admit that I liked it maybe even loved it.

As I cleaned up, I wondered about what a sissy-man would entail. In the meantime, I had a week to explore these feeling without hypnosis. I was looking forward to that! 

As always comment and suggestions welcome
tylerthane@yahoo.com
