I was in over my head right from the start but I had fallen hard and now I was in love. We met in class as she hooked up with me as her lab partner. Of course, I did all the work but I didn't mind, it wasn't often that I was around such pretty girls. Soon I was doing her homework for other classes she had and writing papers and term projects.
I spent a lot of time at her place and soon learned she was not shy about her body or her sexuality and I was constantly aroused by the way, she would just strip off her clothes in front of me or talk to me of her sexual exploits. I didn't realize she probably thought of me as more of a eunuch than a man. I knew I had no shot with her but every time I went home, I would masturbate with thoughts of her in my head.

That all changed the night she called me at four in the morning, crying about being abused by some guy she had gone out with on a date. When she asked me why she couldn't find a decent man I volunteered and I think she was just drunk enough to consider it. She asked if I could come over and I was out the door in five minutes.

She allowed me to undress her and when I put her to bed, she asked me to join her. I was next to her, both of us naked when she said she didn't want to make love but then asked if I would please her with my tongue. I eagerly lapped at her wet slit and I had never been as aroused as she held my head in place while she climaxed. Then wrapped in my arms she then slept the sleep of a satisfied woman as I lie wide-awake with my erection throbbing. The following morning we made love and it was a disaster, the first thing, she asked me if my erection was as big as I got. Next, I was so excited I came almost as soon as I was inside her and that made her unhappy. She instructed me to now lick her so she could orgasm and when I said I didn't want to because she was full of my cum she informed me that when I had licked her last night she was full of her boyfriends spunk. 

I moved in with her soon after that, not really as her boyfriend but more as a servant. I cleaned her place, fixed our meals, and of course, continued doing her homework. She still went out on dates and would come home full of some mans cum with expectations of me pleasing her orally until she climaxed and was cleaned out. Her and I never had coitus but I realized that I had been such a disappointment our first time so I never complained. 

As her control over me became stronger, her attitude of me changed and she began humiliating me for her own pleasure. In front of me, she would tell her friends what a wimp I was and then laugh at the hurt expression on my face. One night she came home from a date and after sitting on the couch with her dress hiked up to show me she had lost her panties somewhere she had me kneel on the floor in front of her. She began to finger her slit and then she would pull her finger out covered in her lovers slime just to wipe it on my face. I had enough sense to know I should leave and that she would only get worse in her treatment but I couldn't do it

I came home one day to find a pregnancy test kit opened and lying on the bathroom sink, it stated positive. I found her in the bedroom crying, I put my arms around her and tried to console her by telling her not to worry. She suddenly turned angry, saying she was raised without a father and she would not put her own child through such an ordeal. She then said she had made up her mind and was going to abort the pregnancy as soon as possible. I begged her not to do it and when I offered to marry her and accept her child as mine, she stopped to look at me.   

As our wedding day neared, her belly grew and her hormones went crazy. She began to blame me for us having to get married and made it her goal in life to humiliate me to get even. She was a bride in white and as she walked down the aisle, all could see that her belly was now so huge she could no longer button her wedding dress and thus her bare back was exposed all the way to her rump. She forced me to kneel and then placed her hand on my head for support. Our vows were written by her and although I pledged my loyalty and support, she merely said I do. 

At our reception when the time came to remove the brides garter, I knelt at her knee as she joked to her friends that was to be my post from now on, I reached up her dress to take the garter and it was wet and as it turned out covered in cum that had run down her thigh. I looked up to see her smile,
"That's right cucky-boy I fucked three guys before the service just to show you that nothing is changed."
