Legal bit :-

Disclaimer: This story contains material of an adult nature, and as such,should not be viewed, downloaded or posessed by anyone under the appropriate age in whatever jurisdiction this file is accessed from.

I stand at the bar and sip my drink. I look around to gaze at you standing next to me. I dressed you before we came out. You are wearing a tight black low cut top top, the fact you are not wearing a bra is noticeable. Knee high shiny boots and spider web hold ups cover your legs, A plain black mini too small for you is stretched over your pubis, and if you squint and stare you can just make out you are not wearing underwear. Red cock sucker lipstick and nails complete your outfit. As You lean your back to the bar, many people notice as they pass. The room is quite dark, the walls painted black, suitable for a Goth club. As we stand and make small talk we notice a young couple sitting at a table opposite, they are rowing and its getting louder, you can now hear them over the music. She is dressed in tight black pants and boots, with a mesh top stretched over a well filled black bra. Her blonde hair is filled with contrasting red and purple stripes. Her companion is plainly out of place, he is dressed in blue jeans and a white sports top. We can just make out the fact he is not happy being here and wants to leave. When she refuses he calls her a freak and goes to strike her. I am over like a shot and grab his arm before it connects, and throw him back in his seat. Several people I know wander over and we close in on him. Plainly scared he scrabbles out leaving the girl, shouting obscenities behind him. The girl is upset and is crying gently, her tears marring her pale makeup. You go and sit with her putting your arms around her comforting her while I get her a drink from the bar. When we are seated, she explains it was a blind date, he only agreed to come to this club because he thought he was on at the end of the night, but there was no attraction for her and she was trying to get rid of him. You still have your arm around her and she doesnt seem to be complaining as your rubbing of her arms and back accidentally strokes her breast. You catch my eye and I smile acceptance at you. We all chat away, but your stroking continues, she is plainly distracted by it and I was sure let out a groan when you caught her nipple by mistake. A slowish song comes on  that we all know, I grab her hand and pull her up onto the dance floor, she is only slightly smaller than me so we can stare into each others eyes. I slide my arm round her waist and pull her in tight, she can feel my raging hardon as it pushes between her tigt pants. I can tell she is excited too by the heat she is giving off. She murmours complaint, that I have a girlfriend, so I spin her so she can see you, smiling watching, you hold up your drink as a salute as I grope her round bottom. As I start grinding into her in time with the music I can see she is getting flushed, and as the song ends and I pull away, I see disappointment and hunger in her face. You have walked over behind her and spin her round as the next song starts. From my seat its plain you intend to give me a show. You move in close to her and hold her against you, your hands slide up and down her back and spine, I notice you whispering in her ear, then nibbling her lobe, you slide your hands over her bottom squeezing as you kiss her neck. As you move round I see her hands sliding round the edges of your mini and your legs. You slide one of your hands down her arm bringing it round between your bodies. I can just make out you pushing her hand up between your legs, her eyes fill with shock but she does not pull away. Your hand nestles in her crotch, stroking up and down the thin material forcing it to part her lips an a noticeable gap. Her hand, nervous at first, slips her fingers in your wet gash. Her thumb rubs against your clit and she curls two fingers inside you. As the song finishes you make your way back over to the table. You indicate it is time to go. We collect our coats and jump in a conveniently waiting taxi.
In the taxi we are all squished into the back seat. I stroke the back of her head and kiss her hard. I reach across and slip my hand under your skirt I slide a finger in your wet pussy gathering as much juice as I can. Breaking the kiss I push my wet finger into her mouth, smearing her lips with your love oil. Then you move in and kiss her, You can taste yourself, and that turns you on even more. You cup her breast and tweek her nipple. You force her hand back between your legs, and its not long before her agile fingers against your clit bring you to an orgasm. 
I tip the discreet taxi driver and we head into the house. We head into the front room, we had left the heating on before we went out so the house was toastie. I slip my coat off and notice both of you are doing the same. With an evil grin on your face you grab her hand and pull her upstairs. I pour us some drinks and head up after you. You are already in the bedroom, kissing each other hard. You both have removed your tops and you are just removing her bra. I watch entranced as your breasts rub together as you embrace. You unfasten her pants and pull, the tight material gives slightly but bunches quickly. I move over and behind her. Pushing down I slip her  pants down, Lifting her legs I remove her boots and take the pants off completely. My face is now level with her bottom. I use my hands to spread her cheeks, moving close I lick slowly at her brown anus, she moans into your mouth. I worm my tongue into her, she is very tight, but I manage quite a bit. You lie back on the bed, pulling off your skirt as you go. She leans over you kneeling between your legs, and kisses your breasts, slowly licking and biting them. Her hands part your outer lips and play with your clit and wet hole. I reach over to the toy cupboard and select one of your many dildos and pass it too her. She stops sucking your breasts long enough to wet the huge phallus with her saliva, then slides it up you slowly, inch by inch it fills you up, you cry out with a crashing orgasm just from the feeling. She resumes her licking and sucking while sliding the huge dildo in and out. Her pert bottom is waving in the air from the movement of the dildo, so put my face against her cheeks again. My tongue slides in, from her posture her pussy lips are open and her arse cheeks parted, perfect. I start at the clit and lick upwards over her very wet pussy and up over her anus, stopping for a play. I slide a finger up her pussy and she pushes back. Using my other hand I slide a finger up her anus, Licking her clit I slide both back and forth, and matching time with her dildo thrusts into you. Every time she gets close and slows down I slow, forcing her to concentrate on pleasuring you. You push her head into your breasts as you get close to another orgasm. Your cries are joined by hers as finally I allow her to cum, and she slumps over on to of you. 
While she lay on her back on the bed, you get up and go to the cupboard and select another of your favourite toys, an big curved double ended dildo. Sliding one end up yourself  you move back to the prone girl on the bed and assume the missionary position. As you thrust in to her she gasps out in pain, evidently she is not used to such a big invader. Playing the man you grunt and thrust, getting off on the power trip and the reverse thrust of the dildo as it slides in and out of you, you bite down on her nipples. Getting the bottle of baby oil from the bed I let it trickle down your back and down the open crack of your arse.  Dripping some on my hard cock I push forward, the head of my cock pushes through your tight brown hole. Giving you a second to get used to the invasion I push the rest of my cock in, filling you. I feel the dildo as you continue moving. And I match my thrusts to yours. Your breath becomes ragged as you close in on another orgasm from the double entry, you start to lose control as you come, your arse bucks and pushes, and clenches at my cock. I am so close I start cumming ad splatter your insides with my cum. Without either of us noticing the girl on the bed has started to orgasm too, twisting her nipples and thrusting hard you bring her off again. We all lie in a sweaty pile, I pull out and lie on the bed. Turning to the half unconscious girl I tell her  clean me she looks confused at me and I tell her, my cock, clean me As my meaning becomes clear, I continue with your mouth. She smiles and without a word moves down the bed, Starting at the base She took long licks up cleaning off the residue of my cumming up your arse. Taking me in her mouth she plunged down taking me completely in her mouth without gagging. The back of her mouth swallowing around the head of my cock. Sucking me hard and licking me with her tongue she played with my balls squeezing gently until they went tight in her hand. Pulling back she continued stroking me until I spurted thick globs onto her face and open mouth. Licking her lips she took me back in her mouth and sucked the last drops from my cock. Sitting back and looking into my eyes she says your cock is clean, sir.


