Chapter 17

The day was cold wet and not one most would enjoy. Hideki was walking the battlements of his castle and looking out over the land he had taken. You could see the ocean on one side, the valley and mountains on the others. He had built out in the middle of the valley and protecting where the port one day would be. There had been no sense in providing the enemy a way to attack by backing the walls up to a mountainside. 

This had been a lonely period in time for Hideki and he missed so much. He had built an underground passage to the one good rock mountain and had rooms built inside. There were storage areas for wealth and food as well as ammunition that would be needed later.

 He had emptied the carriers he had as transports and sent them back for added supplies. He knew that would not happen until phase two. But they had added things he had found they would need to be able to create a world here. 

Only patrols had been attacked and none of his troops badly hurt. But these were just probes to see just how strong he was. When rifles started firing back at them they ran like deers. The confrontations only happened a few times and then stopped. They knew they were being watched, but never saw the ones doing the watching? Whoever they were they were very good at using concealment. 

Some of these abilities impressed Hideki. For backward people to have skills that would be the envy of a modern ninja was something to be proud of. He knew that they were not dumb and had to keep reminding his officers. If you just said they were dumb, one day they would whip your butt bad. Backward or uneducated that they were and he could agree with anyone on that. But dumb they were not. 

Slowly over time he had picked up a good amount of young people and children. The idea was to test them and see just how sharp their minds were. This group was from about seven to twelve years of age. It was broken down into girls and boys for groups. Each was given a complete physical before starting the test. 

Hideki walked into the girls dorm area and was shocked that all were nude. It seems they had just finished showering and were discussing it with each other. Then they saw him and all went to their knees and bowed deeply. There was no embarrassment in them at all. He saw no red faces and none who looked embarrassed. 

Finally he looked at one of the women and had to ask. I saw no embarrassment and no one who seemed disturbed by my being here with them being nude. Do you know why this is true?

Yes master you are the God our people talk about. We would do anything for you and be happy to do it. The girl of may be twelve was very clear in her meaning.

In my world you would be considered far to young for sex or knowing what to do for a man. So how is it you seemed to indicate you do know? Hideki was now confused about this.

Here we are taught from birth what sex is about. A child if it cries is often stimulated to quiet it down. Girls are taught by their mothers starting at five to expect men to want their bodies. Often girls are raped during attacks. Because our bodies are ready we mostly survive those attacks.

This he could see as wise in some ways and yet his morals got in the way here. I see who it could help you survive. But youre not in any danger here. So why are you so willing to show me your bodies?

As our master we owe you complete subservience. You own every bit of the body we have. So why should we hide it from someone we want to show it to? Here stood a beautiful girl almost begging him to take her body. Now Hideki had in the past had sex, but this girl was almost more than he could stop from abusing. He was hard as a rock and could feel it being constrained. 

He felt they all must have been raped before. How many here have had sex with a man before? Not one hand went up.

Sir every girl here is a virgin. Not one has ever seen a man, let alone had one put his tool in her. But each of us would love for you to do that to us. We wish to carry your babies and give you many strong sons. As the girl spoke he nipples got hard as a rock on her small breasts.

What you seem to be offering me is a harem? I am not sure I am up to satisfying that many young girls? Although it was an intriguing idea. Having a harem of thirty girls and them wanting sex with you was nice. Then for them to want to be impregnated was beyond belief. 

We are your sir, so what will you do with us? Please dont give us away to other men. She bowed her head and a tear was running down her cheek. 

Why are you crying dear?

I fear my boldness has angered you. That because of it you do not want me. That I will be given to someone else as punishment.

It was time to get things back on track here. First of all none of you will be given to anyone unless you wish it. Second of all I am not sure what to do about the things your spokesperson said? I admit things are different here than in my old world. So gather around me and lets discuss this. I need to understand things much better here.

The girl was now kissing Hidekis feet. Thank you master would you like to punish me for how I acted?

Look where I came from honestly and truth is valued about all. People who are not truthful are punished. Dont get me wrong here even if I dont like what is true I must hear it. You would never be punished for being truthful. Now does everyone understand that? He could see the heads nodding. 

I am here to try to united your people and bring peace. That will happen one of two ways. First people will join with us on their own and become part of your civilization. Second is by our fighting them and killing off their leadership. My expectation is most will happen by the second way. Right now I have just one third of my army here. But we are building things for our future. Now does anyone know where they are?

One little girl stood and smiled at Hideki. She was may be eight and cute as could be. We are underground in your castle. She sat her cute butt back down.

I know this may be confusing to you. But you know that big rock mountain to one side of the castle? He saw heads nodding once more. OK we are inside it.

Now he saw shock on faces. What are the walls made of here?

Rock I think. One girl said as she walked over and ran her hand over the stone. But how can we be inside a mountain?

You know that caves are in mountains right? We have learned to cut rock and use it other places. In this case the walls of my castle were made from the rock that came from here. Now each of you was given some clothing when you took your old ones off. So get dressed in that and place the sandals on and follow me.

The girls scurried off to follow instructions. The older girl lagged behind. Please master may I be your foot warmer at night?

Dear your very beautiful to me. But I really need to think about this new situation I am in. It is not that I dont want you. My culture is very different from yours and I must change how I think.

That seemed to be accepted by the girl and she went to dress. It was a good thing as her beautiful little ass just made his dick hurt. It took just a sew minutes time and he was leading the girls down the hall. He pointed out where stones were cut and how smoothly it was done.

When they started up he showed then the angle on the floor. He took a cup out and filled it partially with water. Now which was does the floor slope?

The girls got this at once. The water was always higher on the down side. They checked the floor may be one hundred times and saw slight changes in how much slope was there. It told him just how really smart these girls were. 

When they got to the elevator they did not know what to do. Master we saw many torches that did not burn. Now we see this box with doors and see no way to walk through it?

You step inside it and wait. It will take you up into my area of the castle. Only people I allow to come to my area are allowed on this. It is called an elevator, now does anyone have an idea why it is called that?

On its way down is it called a de-elevator? The older girl asked in complete innocence. 

That hit Hideki as really funny. No dear is has never been called that, but someone should have thought about it. Now it will not carry us all at one time. So I will take half of you and he pointed at the girl who had spoken you bring the other half. Just push the top button when you get on.

She nodded her head and watched him, as he did just what he told her to do. The doors closed and she could hear the wind and noise of the lifting devices. Then it came back and opened the doors. No one was inside now. That scared some of the younger girls and most of the older ones. But the girl got them on and when the door closed and the elevator started moving everyone was scared to death. Then the door opened and Hideki and the other girls were waiting for them. 

One took them over to let them see out the window and where the elevator had been before. They found they now were well over one hundred feet off the ground. 

As you saw we are well up in the air now. Matter of fact if all of you stood on each others shoulders you just might have the top one reach the window. That is the clear material you were looking through. That seemed like a good way to explain the height. 

Why do you have the holes plugged up with what you called a window?

Do you feel how nice and warm it is in here?

Yes but why shut the hole in the wall?

He walked over to a door and opened it. Step outside for just a moment. The girl did and was freezing fast. It tool no time for her to come back in. Now we are close to the water and have a lot of wind coming off it. Because of that there is a lot of water in the air and it makes it even colder. So if we did not have windows plugging the hole cold wind would be coming into my living area. If you will think none of you are dressed for winter. Yet your I hope all comfortable in what little clothing your wearing?

That finally made each of them think about what they were wearing and the time of year. Even in summer they would be cold in what they had on. It amazed them they were so comfortable here wearing less than they grew up wearing. These people were truly amazing. 

Hideki lead them into a classroom and asked them all to pick a desk and sit down in its seat. He was now in his element. In a classroom he was the master and they the students. It was the one place he felt confident with these girls. 

Master none of us has every sat in a school desk or been in a school. That was just for the boys. One young girl was feeling bolder now.

We teach our people that both sexes are equal to each other. You may not be good fighters, but that does not mean you dont have as good if not better brains. Now in my world a woman holds the record of never being beaten in a fight. This was said very forcefully.

Are you telling us the truth here? One little girl asked.

Let me say this just one time. I will never lie to you under any condition. As you were told truth is very important to us in our world. If I dont care to answer you I will just tell you that.

The room was quiet and the girls were working over this difference between there and here. But we know one of your men beat the best fighter of this world. It was at the prison camp.

That was my brother and yea he is a good fighter. But Dana the woman I told you about is the one who taught him. Her husband rules the place I came from and is supporting me here. I am related to the Emperor of Japan in my world. I was his Education Minister because learning is very important to us.

This caused much more thinking and some smiled at this bit of information. The older girl that had been so forward spoke. Then you did come through the gate?

Yes as have many people from here who settled in Japan. I am of Japanese decent and related to the Emperor by blood. My country is the islands just on the other side of the gate right now. But I will never be going back there. My place is here forging a strong nation for my new people here.

This seemed to cause confusions now. Who are your people here?

The troops, builders and farmers here now. We will grow to three times the number we now have over time. That will come through the gate to us. Then the people we add to the growing body we have from this world. Your all new additions to this new nation.

That seemed to catch some by surprise. We are slaves here.

No your not slaves here at all. You might want to consider your selves prisoners, if going to school and getting an education is not to your liking? But you will be treated fairly, as you noted I did not rape a one of you. You will live in group rooms on this floor of the castle while in school. Your meals will be taken with me most of the time and we will eat together as a group.

What happened to the boys taken with us?

They are also in a school and starting to be trained. But it will be far harder to train them. We have two young ladies who will be their teachers and if they get out of line will kick their butts. Two of the older boys have said they could whip any females butt. So two even younger girls will take them on first. The boys I believe are around thirteen. So after lunch we will be going down to see them get their butts badly whipped by two eleven year old girls. The girls have been told not to break anything, but to make every muscle as sore as possible.

At first it shocked the girls and then they liked what Hideki had said. Do we get to learn to fight also? The older girl asked?

You will see the gym later today. It is on this floor also. Until we get to know you and learn to trust you leaving this floor will not be allowed on your own. So come with ma and I will show you your domain for now.

He walked them into each area and showed them the rooms they would share with a total of three girls to a room. One small girl had to use the potty and Hideki decided it was time to clear up how that was done here. He lifted the girls skirt and pulled her panties down. Then sat her on the toilet and told her to go ahead and potty.

When she was done she had gone both ways. So he showed her how to get toilet paper and wipe both places. Once done she was allowed up and he pulled her panties up. He showed them all how to flush the toilet then. He walked the girl over and showed her how to wash her hands. Explaining the reasons for doing that. This cause several girls to try to do this with him there just in case they needed help.

For Hideki it was just teaching and it did not embarrass him. It seems he hit the right time as before they could leave everyone had used the toilet and washed hands. 

They walked into the dinning room and sat at one of several tables. It was very different from anything they had done before. Food was brought in and sat before them. Not one girl moved and knew what to do. They were all sure using your fingers was not acceptable here.

A woman came out and stood in front of a table and then walked around to sit. She explained each metal item beside their plates and how it was used. Then showed them how she used each one. The girls all did their best to do it just like she did. But a few minor accidents did happen. But no one got upset or said anything to them about the errors. 

Ladies we will have a guest instructor at each meal for a couple of weeks. I am sure you can see how much nicer it is not to use your fingers to eat or to have to drink food out of a bowl. If you eat slowly you will be full much faster and not gain lots of weight like many women you have seen. Here food will always be available for each of three meals a day. At night we will often have a snack before going to bed. While working on schoolwork you may want to get a cup of tea. That will always be available to you here.

How come youre sitting alone?

When we get started grading class work the top five students will get seats here. It is a reward for doing well in class. Each week that group will change at least by a few. As each weeks grades will be what decides who sits here. The top couple students will most likely sit here most of the time. But I expect the rest to change often.

That brought up a big question for most of the girls. Why are you teaching us?

Really for two reasons. First I want to know just how smart you are. Second I want to learn about your people and the country. So you will teach me thing I need to know also. It is very important to me that I know about your people and how they think.

The older girl stepped in once more. Your brother knew just how we think and the people had great respect for him.

Yes he wrote a book for me to follow here. He put all his observation into that book. But he said I needed a group of young people to learn from also. That many of the young people did not agree with the older ones. That older people felt the place of young people and children was to be seen and not heard.

There were smiles all around the room. I told you he understood us. The great fighter he injured was turned away by the old ones that were left. They wanted nothing to do with any loser.

Do you know where he is?

Yes he went to my people to be nursed back to health. I would guess he is still there as he was in really bad shape.

How far is that from here?

May be five days by horse. But they would never allow you to get close.

Hideki smiled at her. I could land right outside your village and be in town before anyone knew what had happened. My brother asked me to protect that man and I must honor his wishes. Beside we have the medical care he needs to recover and be as good as he once was. I would like to have him as a leader for troops.

Then I will help you as he is my brother. He had great respect for your brother, as he had never been beaten by any man before that fight.

Joji is a most remarkable man. He is running our intelligence service for the Islands. I have gotten a few e-mails from him and he is doing very well for himself. His wife is going to have a son for him and he is worth much. I guess you would say he is very wealthy.

She smiled, as there was pride in the words Hideki spoke. I see you love your brother sir.

It is a very long story on our lives. But one day if you wish I will tell you the whole story. I do love my brother now days.

They headed down to the main gym in the castle. It was where the troops worked out on bad days and also set up for sports. The bleachers were pulled out on each side and a ring had been placed in the center of the floor. It was padded with mats so landing on the wood would not break bones. Hideki came in with the girls and they sat at one end of the ring. 

The place was crowded and you could hear mumblings all over the place. The girls were surprised to be seated with Hideki, but took great pleasure in his kindness. It was not normal for them to even be allowed to sit with adults. Across the ring they saw a number of boys and girls. They were laughing and talking and it was nothing like they had seen before. 

At once the room quieted down fast. Two boys were marched to Hideki and stood there with angry looks on their faces. Sir these are the two boys who have threatened the teachers and anyone who got in their way.

The boys were very angry and started to move toward Hideki. Before you could see it he had a sword out and was cutting the clothing off each boy. The blade moved so fast the eyes could not follow it. Hideki was all around them in no time and fast as anyone had ever seen. Not one cut showed on the skin of the boys, but their clothing was on the floor. They stood there nude in complete shock. Next person you attempt to attack may not allow you to live. Your poorly trained and not even good fighting men. So your whipping will be by girls. Place them in the ring now.

How can you be so fast with that blade?

The older girl stood. Fools his brother was the one who beat mine. It was a woman that trained him and she could beat him as well. She sat back down with a smile on her face.

You could see worry, but it was quickly brushed away. It was impossible for any girl to beat them. Then two young girls came into the ring and smiled at the boys. They were a good five inches shorter than they were and did not weigh nearly what they did. There was no way they could win any fight. There were wearing some odd looking white outfit with a black belt around their waist. It had pant legs like mens clothing had. You could still see they were not even developed females. So they sent children to do an adult job. That angered the boys.

The two girls spread out and made sure they were not in each others way. Smiles never left their faces. Each boy picked one girl and started got her. They walked like they were in the park and was not deceptive in any way. It was just walk up and hurt the opponent. That was just not going to happen to their shock. 

Sister these two are not fighters, they walk like lambs to their executions. The other girl laughed and it angered both boys. 

The boys charged them and without seeing how missed them completely. Both girls were behind them and it was like they had walked through them? They turned and charged once more and found themselves on the mat and having a hard time breathing. When the girls looked at them smiling it did piss them off. But as they got up they hurt.

The fight lasted for around ten minutes time before neither boy could get up. The pain was just more than people could imagine. Neither boy had ever lost before and to lose to a girl was just humiliating. They did not even put a hand on the girls.

Both girls walked over to Hideki and bowed. Hideki would you teach us to handle a sword like you do? That was the most amazing display we have seen before.

I will set up for the sword master to start teaching classes. You will use wooden Shinai and later a Bokken. To start with sword training you must be very disciplined and must be careful even with practice weapons. When youre good enough I will come and teach classes to become even better.

Both fighters bowed to Hideki and thanked him. Master why would you teach girls?

Did being a girl stop them from hurting the boys they fought?

No but you said you would teach them to fight with swords. Those are just used by lords and high officers.

A sword is not the most lethal weapon here. We have many more powerful weapons to use. On a battlefield you will never see a sword fight or hand to hand fighting. People are dead long before they get that close to our troops.

This was completely shocking as that was how wars were fought. But you have to be close to fight.

No dear you and your people here must be close to fight. We dont have that problem in our world. Did you hear of what happened to the old men in the mountains? None of our troops were even there and many were killed. There were a few of our men in the valley below the caves. That was where your brother was captured.

She had not believed what she had heard about that until now. People said the air exploded with fire and many just completely disappeared. One said the air was sucked out of that place unless you were very close to the ground. But I heard many stories that made no sense to me.

He took them back to the classroom and sat behind his desk. Now I am going to show you some things you will find hard to believe. He pulled a globe up on his desk and flipped a switch. 

Now the things that light this room are called light bulbs and run on electricity. I have here a globe that will let you see what electricity is. He turned the lights off and placed his hands over the globe. The small lighting bolts came out to where ever his hands were. He could hear the breathing of many of the girls as fear was running through them.

Please note the small electrical charges are acting like lighting bolts. That is because lighting is electricity. It is made in the clouds and discharges to the ground in bright flashes. Here it is made inside the globe and tries to come to my hands outside. But I feel nothing here this way and a lightening bolt would kill me. This is not magic in any way and anyones hands can make this happen.

One very young girl ventured up and smiled at him. He sat her on his desk and she slowly put her hands over the globe. The electricity came to her hands and she was having great fun now. Her laughter was heard and responded to by others.

It took some time to get the room back under control. Now what you saw with your eyes was the same electricity running in one end of the light bulb and going out the other end. There are gasses in there to make that small charge of electricity much brighter. But that is what creates the light here and stops this room from being dark.

He could not get to deep into this yet, as they were still into magic and not to where they saw it as science. OK now your schedule for the next few weeks. You will have a female teacher in the mornings. She will be teaching you to read, write and do mathematics. I will see you at lunch and we will come back to discuss science. Then we will talk about the history of your land as you know it. During this time I will tell you some of the history of my world. Now any questions?

I though you were going to be the one teaching us?

Dear what is your name?

She blushed at this question. Snow Flake is what my parents called me. My friends just came me Snow.

Which would you rather be called here?

I think Snow sir.

Now Snow I have a kingdom to run and must spend some time doing that. I dont use others to run this kingdom without my over seeing what they do. I have to plan to get your brother and do it safely for him and us. So my job is very full and my time to teach limited. I am giving you girls every afternoon I am here that period of time. So you get more of my time than any others here.

You could see the girls were considering this. I am sorry I failed to look at all your other duties. But we are starting to trust you and what you tell us. It is so different from what we were taught.

Your teacher will be teaching you to read, write and to work with numbers. Those are skills you must develop to survive in our world. None of those skills require you to accept new learning of your physical world. They are what your scribes know and use to communicate between leaders.

You mean everyone here writes, reads and can do math?

Math is the controlling factor in being a good builder or leader. Being able to read allows you to comprehend what others have written and learn from them. If you can write then you can communicate with others and if youre smart you can write for others to read your thoughts.

Now there was some excitement where before worry existed. I guess I dont understand why you would spend time teaching us, as we are just girls?

Snow every mind and life is important to us. You said just girls, like being a girl was the plague of life. It is not in any way. Girls are just as smart as anyone and often smarter than boys their own age. You see things from a different point of view than a male does and that needs to seen as well. Males and females are different and that is a good thing and not something bad. When we use our minds together, we are far smarter than most other groups without females in them. You saw today girls are very good fighters when they are well trained. We have females designing buildings, inventing new things we will need, defending our land and running many different businesses and plants that make things. Yes, they also have our children and work far harder than most men do.

This statement shocked these girls. Here was an important man saying they have great value in his world. It was so different from what they had been told, over the years they had spent at home. Slowly a new respect for themselves was coming into being here. 

Snow was now ready to see if this was real. How do you know all this that you have told us is true?

My mother raised me without a father. She ran a large companies business in a country called America. I know my mother was smart, but she never balanced her life to include others. Neither my brother Joji or I were a part of her business life. We were just an added burden to her in our early years. Joji was never accepted by her as a son, we had different fathers. Mine was rich and his was not. So my mother acted like with us, as I am sure your fathers did to you. Many demands were made of us to get high grades and excel in areas she wished. What we wanted did not matter to her. So a woman can be just as bad to her children as any man. But she was very good at her job and excelled where men would have failed. He looked around and saw girls who just could not understand a woman acting this way.

But how could any male live like that?

I was a child and did as I was told. Tell me you did not obey your fathers?

It was easy to see the pain it had caused him to tell this story. But I dont see how that shows us where to go forward?

It shows you not to carry going forward too far. We must blend together and support others weaknesses. One is not stronger than the combined two together.

You are making us think and see what we have visited before. This is going to take time to work out and adjust too.

Then class is over for today. When you hear the bell ring tomorrow morning you have ten minutes to get here to the classroom. If you are late you will be punished unless I have given you permission to come late. Do all of you understand that?

Heads were nodding all over the room. So he walked out and headed to his office and some thinking. He walked in and sat behind the desk and started an e-mail to Joji. It advised him that he now knew where the man he fought was. That he had his sister in his school and they were going to go after him in a few days. He hoped then he could report having the man and being sure he was medically cared for. Then he filled him in on some of the things that had happened. When he sent it he looked up to see Snow watching him. 

Are you always that quiet?

I dont know what you were doing, but I could see you were enjoying it. So I watched your face and enjoyed doing that.

I just sent my brother an e-mail telling him I had found your brother. That was very important to him.

What is an e-mail?

It is a modern way of communicating. I type my words in with this keyboard and they show up on the screen here. Once I am done I click the mouse button placing the pointer over the right spot and the e-mail is sent. My brother will when he checks his e-mail find it there to read. It does take a little longer from here to there when the gate is not open.

That has to be magic.

Not at all so tomorrow we will discuss it in class. Later a lot of your class work will be done on a computer like this one. Each room has three desks and three computers. That is what we call technology and not magic. We invent things that make our work much easier. I can write and store it all right here for later use. You can play games on it and see pictures or movies. He took out a camera and took a picture of Snow. Then loaded it on the computer.

She moved closer and did not recognize her face. Who is that?

It is you Snow and just to prove it here is a mirror to look at your face in. Then look at the screen.

She kept looking back and forth and could not believe it was really her. I saw what I looked like one time in the water. But it was not very clear to me. Why can is see me so well in this?

Because it is made just for that. Follow me into my bathroom here and look at the large mirror on the wall. In it you will see much more than your face and will see me standing beside you. They walked in and she was stunned by what she saw. When they walked back out Hideki printed her picture and handed it to her. That just was not something she expected. 

When are we going after my brother?

Once I know where he is and see a way to get him safely. You will need to draw me a map from memory showing me where your village is. It must show mountains and any land marks for me to check against overhead maps I have now.

I have never drawn a map, but I will try. What do you want me to draw it on?

He handed her colored pencils and paper. Use these to get as good a map as you can. Look at this map and use it to help you decide how to draw yours. I will question you when you give it to me and write on it so others know what your showing. Now start where the sun rises and finish where the sun sets. For us it rises over the water and sets behind the mountains.

She looked hard at the sample map and she saw just what she needed to do. I will try to give you something good to work from. She left the room and Hideki felt the loss of her energy not being there. That was crazy as she was just a child.

He headed down to the hot tub and a good massage. It was just something that would pass. In the past the girls were just of no interest to him. They were shallow and only did in school what was the minimum acceptable level. He was sure these girls would mostly prove out the same way.


