My name is Sara and I am sixteen years old.  I have long red hair, blue eyes and I am almost 5'10".  Something happened to me last year and I wanted to share it.   So I am writing this to make myself feel better and offer some closure to the most difficult time of my life.  You see, I was abducted and held captive two weeks.  This happened in the town I grew up in in North Carolina.  It was an event I will never forget.  It happened about six months ago.  

I went to the grocery store on the way home from school.  My mom sent me a text and asked me to stop and get eggs and milk.  She does this often and the store is on my way home so I really don't mind that much.  On this day, I was dressed really sexy.  My Daddy bought me my first pair of really cool yoga pants for my birthday the week before and I wore them to school that day.  They made me feel so sexy and I was so horny all day long because of it.  I went inside and picked the items I was asked to get and I made my way to the checkout stand.  I noticed a man that was looming as I walked through the store.  I figured he was just checking me out so I didn't pay much mind to him.  He was an older man; maybe around 40 and he had short brown hair and glasses.  

I didn't see him after I got in line at the checkout stand.  I paid for my things and walked outside and began the short walk to my house. I noticed a big white panel van that was driving slowly behind me.  I didn't recognize it so I stupidly ignored it.  After a while I turned on my street and the van passed me and it stopped a little way in front of me and parked.  I was curious as I began walking past the van on the sidewalk.  I walked slowly and tried to get a glimpse in the windows but they were tinted and I saw nothing.  I cupped my hands over my eyes trying to see inside and all of the sudden the side door opened quickly and I was pulled inside the van.  The man was very strong and he closed the door and put a rag in my mouth to muffle my screams.  The rag stank like chemicals and within a few seconds I blacked out.

I woke up and I was blind folded and I had something in my mouth and there was a gag covering my mouth.  I was tied to the bed lying face down on my stomach down and I lifted my head trying to figure out what was going on and where I was.  The room was very cold and very quiet.  I was still dressed but I was very confused.  I was scared to death and I started shaking.

I lay on the bed waiting to see what happened next when I heard the door open.  I was groggy and not sure what was going on but someone came in the room and sat next to me on the bed.  He put his hand on my but and I screamed.  "Stop it!  Get away from me!  Who are you and why am I here?" I screamed but it was completely unintelligible.  

I felt him loosen the gag that was tied behind my head and I was able to spit the ball that was inside my mouth out.  "Who are you?  Why am I here?  What do you want with me?" I cried.  I started crying as I was so scared and unsure what was going to happen.  

"Calm down."  He spoke and his voice was calm and collected.  This was obviously not the first time for him.  "You are in my cabin.  I brought you hear so we could get to know each other."  He said.  We are 20 miles from the nearest neighbor up here so we have plenty of privacy. I've been following you home almost every day this week from your high school."

"Why am I here?" I asked trembling.

"You are going to be here for me.  I am going to teach you how to be a woman.  You will learn how to please me and you will do everything I say.  If you don't, you will be punished.  If you follow the rules, you get more freedom.  Do you understand?" he said again in a calm, very confident voice.

I nodded and said, "Yes, I do." 

"I must tell you.  I love your choice of clothing today.  This is the first time I saw you in yoga pants.  Your body was built for these pants let me tell you.  They are the reason why I acted on an impulse to take you today.  I was watching you walk home and you made me so excited the way you were dressed I had to have you." He said as he moved his hand to my butt and began feeling my ass through the tight thin pants.

"Uhhhhhh, noooooo!" I screamed as I tried to get away from him.   "Don't Mister!  Don't touch me like that!" 

He continued fondling me and he slid his hand between my cheeks invading my pussy with his hands rubbing his middle finger on the crevice of my pussy and ass.   I tried to pull my hands out of the bindings that held me.  They were very tight and it hurt when I pulled.  So I wiggled my butt trying to get him to stop.  He didn't and my feet were tied to the bed as well and they were spread wide so I had no way to close my legs or keep him from touching me.

Tears were flowing down my face and I cried as I realized there was not anything I could do to get away from him.  I stopped struggling as much and he continued rubbing my pussy on top of my pants.  "Hmmmmm, that's better little one.  Relax a bit and enjoy it!" he said as his hand slid under the top of my pants.  

"Ahhhhhh noooooo!" I screamed again fighting against him trying to keep him away from my naked flesh.  I had enough slack in the bindings on my feet to rise up and got on my knees on the bed and continued swaying and moving my ass trying to get away from him.  It was useless and rising up to my knees just made his target more accessible.  He joined me on the massive bed and he moved in on me and pulled my pants down over my butt and down over my thighs.  "Ahhhhhh!  Stop it!  I don't want this please don't!" I screamed.  My protests had no impact and now that I was naked he moved in on my pussy and resumed fondling and playing with it.  His big hands were all over me.  He rubbed and massaged my girlhood and soon enough my body began to betray me.  I continued to fight his advances but the harder I fought him off the deeper his fingers went and soon his finger slid up and down my pussy crack and he slid a finger in and began to fuck me with his big finger.

"Uhhgh." I moaned as his finger slipped inside me and my pussy started getting wetter.  "Stop it!  Oh, shit.  Don't!  Stop it.  Uhhhhhhhh." I moaned as he started sliding his big finger in and out of me.  He never slowed his assault and in a few more minutes of his fingering me, I hated the fact, but my body was getting excited and I was starting to enjoy his touch.  He moved up behind me and I felt him behind me.  My heart raced as I waited to see what he was going to do to me next.  

All of the sudden I felt something warm and wet on my pussy.  "Ahhhhhh stop it!  What are you doing now?  Ohhhhhhhh shit!" I cried out.  I was not crying anymore but I could still not see any thing.  He was licking my pussy.  I was a virgin at the time, but I was not completely inexperienced.  My boyfriend and I had never gone all the way, but we both had enjoyed oral sex from each other from time to time.  I buried my face in the sheets of the mattress as he started licking my pussy and making me feel better and better.

I hated that he was doing whatever he wanted to me.  I was completely helpless and no matter how much I fought him, it just made him want it more.  I relaxed and spread my legs wider for him.  He stopped licking me and said, "That's better little one.  Relax and enjoy."  He resumed sucking and licking my pussy and he moved his hand between my legs and began fingering my clitoris.

"Ohhhhhhhhh fuck!"  I said as he found my clit and shoved his hot tongue into my pussy.  I felt my body continuing to betray me and soon I felt an orgasm building.  I moved my body with his and soon he was shoving his tongue in and out of me like a little cock.  I began moving with him getting his tongue deeper and deeper inside me.  I grabbed the sheets in my hands as my orgasm built.  "Ahhhhhh, yes.  Yes deeper.  Ohhhhhhhh no!" I yelled.  I knew I was going to cum soon. Mmmmmmmmmm yeah!"


He got behind me and put his hands on my hips and pulled me closer and shoved his tongue that felt like two inches long inside me.  "Mmmmmmmmm you taste so good little one."

"Ah, yes mmmmmmm.  Ah, ah, ah, uh, uh, uhhhhhhhhhh."  I moaned as he continued.  "Yes, yes, yes, oh god!  I'mmmmmmm cummmmming!" I screamed as my orgasm hit me and almost knocked me down.  He continued licking me and made me cum harder than I ever have before.  He really knew what he was doing.  His touch was direct, intentional and experienced.  My pussy became really sensitive and he finished his assault.  I collapsed on the bed getting my pussy away from his mouth as I gasped for breath as I recovered from the best orgasm I ever had in my life.

He stopped touching me and I lay on the bed motionless.  He loosened one foot and pulled my pants down then he moved to the other one and now only my panties were still around my knees but my pants were off.  He pulled them up and back where they belonged.  He replaced my restraints and I remained still.  He covered my body with a blanket and reached up and put the gag back in my mouth and tightened it up and left the room.

I lay there helpless and while scared to death fell asleep satisfied from the best sexual experience I'd ever had.  
