------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT--------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult 
content. You must be 21 years of age to read. 
The characters in this sexual fantasy story are 
imaginary, and are not a representation, in any 
manner, of any real world person or situation.
IN REAL LIFE PRACTICE SAFE SEX, NOT THE FANTASY 
THINGS DEPICTED IN THIS STORY.

MARCH  2004

STORY CONTENT: (TS/TG, Sissy, MM, FemDom, MDom)

The Scholarship: Part 1-The College Recruiter
By Es2c


Cast:
Conrad - aka Connie
Connie's Mother - Ms. Moore
Mr. Vickers - College Recruiter



PART 1

	"Yes, Mr. Vickers, I've heard of Acmeton College.  
It's a very prestigious all male school, and an expensive 
one too I might add. However, my son Conrad is the studious 
type.  I have no doubt he would succeed.  But, it's beyond 
our financial means to send him to such..."

	"No need to worry about his expenses Ms. Moore, that's 
where our special scholarship program comes in for students 
with your son's unique qualifications.  He has very good 
grades and a great sexual aptitude." Spoke Mr. Vickers. 
	"Sexual aptitude?"	

	"Yes Ms. Moore.  Your son Conrad came to our attention 
as a result of some investigations and research we conduct 
to find teen males 18 or older, who, for one reason or 
another, have a history of swallowing the ejaculate of 
their friends or other men."

	"Oh, I guess you must've gotten wind of the few times 
that my baby was forced to put his mouth on a few of his 
buddies' penises and swallow their spunk.  I just thought 
of those as boyish pranks.  After all, Connie finally 
admitted to me that the taste of their hot gooey cum wasn't 
that awful.  Besides, since he was not as muscular and big 
as his friends and he seemed to have such a hard time 
making friends, he found being an occasional cocksucker for 
them kept many of them his friends."

	"An excellent reason to be a cocksucker too, Conrad, 
uh, or do you prefer to be called Connie?" Mr. Vickers 
asked as he looked at Conrad.

	"Oh call him Connie, all his friends do."  Interjected 
Conrad's mother. "He's still a slight bit uptight about 
having a femmy sounding nickname, but I keep telling him 
that it's quite all right to be known by a girlish name, as 
well as being a sissy when his friends want him to be."
"Your mother's right Connie.  After all, there is no 
better friend than one with a hard dick who knows you can 
help him out with your soft warm lips and juicy wet mouth. 
Tell me Connie, how often do you orally satisfied your 
friends?"

Conrad turned red in the face.  It was obvious this 
whole interview was extremely embarrassing to him in front 
of this perfect stranger.  Conrad looked girlish normally, 
as he was of slight build and only 5'5".  However, he had 
shapely girlish legs, and hips.  He also had an attractive 
face that was more feminine than masculine, especially 
those eyes and lips of his.

He hated that his friends had made him suck their much 
bigger cocks, and swallow their thick hot loads.  However, 
it disturbed him even more that he didn't find the feel of 
their hard cocks and the taste of their viscous slimy hot 
jism that unpleasant - not in the least.  He also was 
ashamed that their dominance and forceful use of him, had 
some type of arousal to him, and in essence kept him making 
himself available to them for their pleasure.

	 "Speak up sweetie.  Answer the nice man's questions.  
After all, you're a big boy now and I've told you there is 
no need for you to be ashamed that you like sucking dicks 
and swallowing sperm."  Conrad's mother again interjected 
as a means of getting her son to overcome his shyness.

	"O-O-Okay.  I-I-I do them a-about t-twice a-a week.  
S-Sometimes three or-or four time a week if-if t-they a-are 
real horny or their girls friends h-haven't given them some 
in a while."  Conrad replied in a timid nervous tone of 
voice.  He avoided making contact with Mr. Vicker's eyes.

	"How many friends are we talking about Connie?" Asked 
Mr. Vickers.

	"U-Uh, t-thirteen." Conrad slowly responded.

	"Excellent!  That comes to 26 loads of ejaculate on a 
routine weekly basis and up to 52 loads periodically.  I 
think you're going to be an excellent candidate for an 
Acmeton College Sexually Liberated Undergraduate Training 
Scholarship Program."

	"Mr. Vickers, you mean the scholarship is related to 
how often he sucks dicks?"  Conrad's mother asked 
quizzically.

	In response, Mr. Vickers went into a more detailed 
explanation as to what Conrad would have to do to earn the 
Acmeton S.L.U.T. scholarship and as to why Acmeton sought 
out students like Conrad.

	"Why Mr. Vickers, you're a blessing to us.  I think 
Connie would do very well being a cocksucker, or as you 
refer to it, a campus "oral resource" for your regular 
students.  After all, he's basically sucking for free now.  
There's no reason why he can't suck dicks to pay for his 
education, and a fine one you're offering him too."

	Mr. Vickers went on to further explain that of the 
normal 2000 students in resident at Acmeton, there was 
always about 10%, or 200 specially qualified S.L.U.T. 
scholars.  They earned their keep by orally pleasing the 
other 1800 male students and the school staff, which came 
to about 201, all men except for one woman.

"The one woman is affectionately known as Mother 
Debbie.  She is the Dean, and all around Den Mother, for 
all the S.L.U.T. scholars, as you will be Connie.  I just 
know you'll like her."  Spoke Mr. Vickers in a reassuring 
tone.	

"Why that's so good to know that my sweetie will have 
a mother figure to go to for those little mommie talks he 
and I have from time to time, and a hug when he needs it."
"She does it all the time Ms. Moore.  Don't you worry 
a bit Connie, there are other S.L.U.T. recipients who see 
Mother Debbie as their Mom away from home." Spoke Mr. 
Vickers with a warm smirking smile as he reached over and 
squeezed Conrad on the upper thigh.

"My, my, you're quite soft to the touch, even with 
pants on."

"Yes he is, isn't he.  Why Connie dear, stand up and 
take all your clothes off.  Let the nice man see your 
figure and how soft you are without all that fabric in the 
way."  Spoke Conrad's mom gleefully.
"B-B-But M-Mother I-I..."

"Do as I say young man.  Mr. Vickers is assessing you.  
This is very important for your future.  Now get out of 
those clothes.  Now!"

Shaken, as usual, by his Mother when she meant 
business, her sissy-ish molly coddled son quickly did as he 
was ordered.
Mr. Vickers was very delighted to see that Conrad was 
wearing a pair of lace trimmed pink panties.  He praised 
both mother and son for that.

"My thoughts are that panties remind him to not be 
something he's not.  He occasionally tries to get mannish 
with me." Conrad's mother said with a slight chuckle.

"An excellent remedy Ms. Moore.  And they look so 
attractive on him too."  It was obvious Mr. Vickers's voice 
exhibited a sensuous tonality. In addition, a noticeable 
bulge had formed in the crotch of Mr. Vickers trousers.
"Mr. Vickers, it appears that my sweet little Connie 
has caused you to become uncomfortable.  Please, undress 
too and let my sweetie relieve the pressure."

"Why thank you Ms. Moore, that's so hospitable of you.  
I'd love to get naked with Connie and feel his soft flesh 
on mine."  Replied the recruiter as he quickly shucked his 
clothes completely off.  His breathing was noticeably more 
rapid and it was very obvious he was possessed with lust 
for the soft skinned 18 year old Connie.

Connie was a bit shocked at what was occurring, but 
his fright turned to awe at the jutting sight and size of 
Mr. Vickers' very erect penis.

The large dick head was pinkish, turgid and blood 
gorged.  There was a drop of pre-cum in the pee slit.  
Connie was always aroused at such a sight, even though he'd 
tried to fight his desire many times.

He knew he would again lose this battle before it even 
started, because even if his mind didn't wanted to submit 
to the very attractive and handsome manly dick before him, 
his body had already betrayed him.

He noticed and felt his own much smaller cock - 3 
inches - had grown rigid too.  An obvious signal that he 
was game to submit and please Mr. Vickers.

"OHHHHHH!  You sweet soft thing you."  Moaned Mr. 
Vickers as he embraced and swept the nude Connie in his 
arms and pulled him tightly to his naked warm body.
Mr. Vickers closed his eyes in bliss as he tightly 
help Connie to him, while his very rigid straining penis 
pointed skyward and was deflected off to the side slightly 
against Connie's thigh.

The contact was so delightful for Mr. Vickers.  As He 
ran his rougher hands up and down Connie's smooth nude back 
and kneading his white tender ass cheeks, Connie could no 
longer refuse to show signs of pleasure that he was getting 
from Mr. Vickers' lusty sensuous actions and touch. 
It was almost involuntary, but Connie raised his right 
hand and grasped Mr. Vickers' very aroused and very large, 
stiff erection.

Even though he couldn't close his hand around it, 
Connie had to admit to himself mentally, as he had done 
many times before, the situation he was in felt so 
comfortable and good.  He too closed his eyes as he held 
and squeezed and caressed Mr. Vickers' long, thick, rigid, 
8" swollen penis.

	Mr. Vickers relaxed his embrace of Connnie's soft, 
supple nude smoothness, to make a request of Ms. Moore.

	Connie was upset at Mr. Vickers asking his mother to 
take a small camcorder from Mr. Vickers' attache case to 
video he and the college recruiter as they were being 
intimate.

	However, Connie could only sigh in defeat as he viewed 
the eagerness at which his mother accepted the idea and to 
operate the fancy digital camcorder.

	"This will be an excellent interview record of 
Connie's assets and qualifications to be an Acmeton 
S.L.U.T. Scholarship winner."  Spoke Mr. Vickers after 
giving Ms. Moore instructions on how to video him and her 
son engaged in sex.

	A bit ashamed to be video taped, but nevertheless, 
Connie did as was expected of him.  However, after 
Mr. Vickers gave him a passionate kiss and ran his tongue 
deep into Connie's mouth, Connie began to settle down and 
actually felt less jittery.

	"Now you sweet little thing, it's time for you to get 
what you want and I need."  Said Mr. Vickers in a lust-
laden voice as he pushed and guided Connie to knees before 
his throbbing erection.

Connie still grasped Mr. Vickers' iron hard appendage 
as he made the transition from standing to kneeling.

	Even though his mom had the camcorder in close 
proximity to the space between his lips and the college 
recruiter's jutting thick cock, it really didn't bother 
Connie, as he was overcome with admiration of the handsome 
and beautiful man size penis before him.

	Connie eagerly licked the big drop of pre-cum out of 
Mr. Vickers pee slit and savored its taste. His mom watched 
the expression of delight on her sissy son's face.  That 
alone told her that he was a bonafide cocksucker, as she 
captured his facial expression on video.

	Connie next begin polishing the giant swollen taunt 
shiny penis head from the slit outward, as he flitted his 
tongue in a swirling motion, with his saliva making the 
dick head even shinier.

	Connie next began licking under the bottom of 
Mr. Vickers' huge meaty shaft.  In the mean time, the 
guttural moans of pleasure emitted by the cock's owner, 
pleased Connie too.  For Connie always enjoyed hearing the 
guys he sucked off expressing themselves in response to the 
pleasure he gave them with his mouth, even if it was at the 
expense of his own masculine self-esteem. 

	Connie had finally come to the realization that he was 
not much of a man anyway.  He found the feel of hard cock 
meat in his mouth and the flavor of hot ejaculated sperm 
too delightful a combination to refuse guys when they 
wanted him to be their cocksucker.

	He had tried so hard to not become the ardent dick 
sucker he had become, but now he knew it was a lost cause, 
especially since even a college recruiter had found out 
about his skill for giving head.

	"That's it sweetie, don't forget his balls."  
Whispered Connie's mother as she filled the camcorder 
screen with her son's active tongue action on Mr. Vickers' 
genitals.  Her capture of Connie's nut licking was pure XXX 
video quality. 

	Mr. Vickers' took a seat and parted his legs wide, so 
as Connie could have easier access to his scrotum. This 
also made it easier for Connie's Mom to video the action.

	In her own mind, his Mother also wanted to make sure 
that all the action was captured such that the Acmeton 
College Administration knew that her son, and especially 
his mouth, knew his way around a man's cock and balls.

	From Mr. Vickers' litany of groans and moans of 
pleasure, he too would have to agree with Connie's mother.

	Mr. Vickers' penis was ultra aroused now and was 
straining for relief after Connie's extensive tongue and 
lip massaging activities.

Mr. Vickers was ready for his throbbing aching penis 
to be housed between Connie's lips for the finale to this 
play about mouth and dick.

Connie was obviously ready too, for Ms. Moore's 
Molly-coddled mama's boy returned his face from 
Mr. Vickers' big balls to facing the bloated dick head.  He 
gave the beautiful fleshy object a quick lick to capture an 
even bigger drop of pre-cum than before.  Then he hungrily 
engulfed Mr. Vickers's dick head, surrounding it with the 
warmth, wetness, and pussy flesh softness of his inner 
mouth.

	The response from Mr. Vickers was immediate and louder 
than his pervious moans.

	Such a loud sigh of pleasure fed Connie's inner desire 
to please horny guys.  It was more ego boosting this time, 
as it dawned on Connie that this was the first fully adult 
man he had ever given head too.  He knew for sure that it 
was the biggest dick he'd had between his lips.

	One of the local guys in the local area who 
occasionally bullied Connie into giving him blowjobs, was 
about as thick as Mr. Vickers cock, but not quite as long.

	Mr. Vickers' reached out and grasped the back of 
Connie's head with his large hand.  The college recruiter 
moved Connie's head back and forth as if it was nothing 
more than a masturbation aid. 

	Connie kept his lips tightly pursed as his head rode 
vigorously back and forth along the stout, rigid, meaty 
cylinder.

	As his mother was capturing the intense action, she 
was about to become alarm at the length of Mr. Vickers' 
dick that was disappearing into the depths of her son's 
mouth.  However, her fears were allayed by the blissful 
dreamy look on her cocksucking son's face and the obvious 
ease at which he was enduring the bumping up against the 
back of his throat, which it was obvious Mr. Vickers' 
battering ram dick head was impacting.

	Connie's Mother herself was also moved by the sight 
she was videoing and had a stirring in her loins. In 
addition, the sounds of Mr. Vickers' pleasurable moans and 
the noisy juicy sound of his dick slipping in and out of 
Connie's saliva sloppy, heavily drooling lips - which 
sounded just like someone fucking a very sloppy wet cunt - 
also aroused her.

	There were long ropy saliva strands leaking from 
around Connie's lips as his head moved back and forth along 
the smooth dick shaft.

	And then it happened. 

	"OH! OH! OOOOOOOHHHHH!  YESSSSSSS!  TAKE IIIIITTT!  
TAKE ALL MY CUM YOU SWEET COCKSUCKING SISSY!"  Yelled Mr. 
Vickers' as he held Connie's head tightly and let loose a 
torrent of hot thick ejaculate.

	If Connie had not been so well practiced a cocksucker, 
he would not have been astute enough to wrap his other free 
hand around the base of Mr. Vickers' shaft.  It acted as a 
stop limit, which would keep Mr. Vickers' dick head from 
blocking Connie's his throat passage when his orgasm hit.
Connie had learned his lesson before from the many 
dicks that had been in his mouth.

Mr. Vickers' hefty hot slimy outpouring was the most 
that Connie ever had to deal with.  However, it was just 
like Connie loved it, thick, creamy, gooey and hot.
Connie's eagerly and feverishly swallowed and drank  
down the abundant load of hot sticky jism cum that gushed 
in his mouth.

	 Mr. Vickers began to ease his grip on Connie's head 
and to slowly pull his very pleased dick from between 
Connie's lips.

DAMN!  That was goooood!  Mrs. Moore, I can tell you 
right here and now, we're prepared to offer your sweet 
cocksucking son a S.L.U.T. Scholarship."  Uttered 
Mr. Vickers' as he wiped the sweat from his forehead.

	Connie's Mother, who was really into doing the video 
thing, caught everything, including Mr. Vickers' hand 
wiping his forehead and making his offer to her and Connie.  
She was going to get a copy of this video.  The camcorder 
had literally become her eyes.

	She was pleased her at how skilled a cocksucker her 
sweet sissy son really was.  She knew that he deserved a  
scholarship to be a collegiate cocksucker.

	After Connie and Mr. Vickers composed themselves and 
both got dressed, Connie's Mother insisted Mr. Vickers' 
stay for dinner.

	Connie was tasked to cook and serve it, as his Mother 
wanted to show off his other womanly domestic skills.
"That was a mighty fine meal Ms. Moore.  Connie is not 
only talented on his knees, but also quite good in the 
kitchen.  That's a great combination."

"Why thank you Mr. Vickers.  He just seemed to come by 
it naturally."

"Yes Ms. Moore, I see what you mean.  I also noticed 
that he does have some rather natural girlish curves.  And 
that face, those eyes, and of course his lips, they 
naturally would get a man aroused.  By the way, he looked 
quite pretty in that pink pinafore he wore while serving 
us."

"It's one of my favorites.  I also suspect that Connie 
adores it too, but he can be quite shy about his desires."
They both chuckled at her last statement.
As they talked on some more, Ms. Moore got around to 
asking Mr. Vickers if his sexual interest were only limited 
to pretty sissies.

"No ma'am, I'm quite versatile" was his answer.
"That's good to know, because that interview between 
you and my sweetie pie ignited a fire in my pussy, and it's 
still smoldering."  Replied Ms. Moore.
In a bit of a shy voice, she then went on to politely 
asked if he would put out the smoldering fire in her pussy 
with his fine hose.

"Why ma'am I'd be delighted.  It's not everyday I get 
to face fuck as cute a sissy as Connie and a chance to fuck 
his mother too."

While Connie was busy cleaning up the dinner dishes 
Mr. Vickers and Connie's mother went off to her bedroom to 
fuck off the calories from the delicious apple pie dessert 
Connie had served.

Mr. Vickers', true to his word gave Connie's mother a 
rousing fuck and got her off three times while he only got 
off once.  However, that one load was bountiful and it 
really contributed to the extremely sloppy, messy, state of 
her drippy, gloppy, cunt.

As the two laid back in bed resting up as well as 
enjoying the mellow afterglow of a good fuck, Connie's 
Mother made another offer to Mr. Vickers he couldn't 
refuse.

"Why yes ma'am, I'd sure like to try it too. If I'm 
too large, he can always mouth me off.  And don't worry a 
bit about me being too tuckered out.  By the time I get a 
shower and rest up some, I'm sure the site of your sissy 
son's pretty little ass coming into bed will have me quite 
perked up."  Replied Mr. Vickers quickly after Connie's 
Mother offered her cute son's ass to the lusty college 
recruiter.

Connie's Mother relayed to Mr. Vickers just what her 
son had told her.  Which was, that he thought he could take 
Mr. Vickers' fine dick in his sissy pussy, but if not, 
there was always his lips.

In fact it was Connie himself, just before setting the 
table, who told his Mother that he would like to offer his 
sissy cunt to Mr. Vickers. 

Connie also confessed to his Mom that he had had his 
ass cherry taken by Jeff, the bully, some time ago.  Connie 
also confessed that he had submitted, and been fucked by 
him and a few of the other guys on different occasions.

	"I never told you, but I suspected I was going to get 
ass raped sometime or another.  I know the boys find me 
arousing and wouldn't leave me alone until they got a piece 
of me.  So, I started using a stretching dildo and 
lubricant to be prepared for that day.  Well it happened - 
several times.  Hee! Hee!  And it felt good each time I was 
penetrated."  Was what Connie told his Mother in the 
kitchen, as Mr. Vickers watched TV.

	The next morning, after enjoying a delightful 
breakfast prepared by Connie, Mr. Vickers departed the 
Moore home.

	He knew for sure that Connie was not only good on his 
knees, but very good in the bedroom too for long slow 
fucks.

	Mr. Vickers drove away leaving a large quantity of 
his spent sperm in both mother and son.  Both were grateful for 
the pleasure of having being fucked by his big dick, and 
the deposits of his plentiful hot jism loads he left in 
them.

	After Mr. Vickers's car disappeared over the horizon, 
Connie and his mother spent most of the day in girl talk.  
The topic was about the visitor they both had enjoyed, and 
who had enjoyed them.

Mr. Vickers's ego was quite boosted by having 
thoroughly fucked both a cute sissy as well as his mother.
Connie, on the other hand felt a warm, cozy, and  
closer sense of being bonded to his mother, after having 
sucked and been fucked, by the same man that fucked her.
To add icing on the cake, Connie had the delightful 
opportunity to suck his Mother's sloppy cunt, after it was 
filled as a result of her intercourse with Mr. Vickers.

END OF PART 1

Stay Tuned For "Scholarship Part 2: Connie Goes To 
College".

