
The Guy Coffin Story 

TEACHER

by 
JSR




Sandra and I left her parents house, and headed for mine. We were both still nude, and she was clinging to me all the way. She said, I am apprehensive about meeting your family this way. I said, No problem, most likely they will all be asleep when we get there. After all it is now 2PM.

However, when we got to the house, I noted that there were lights on downstairs. I said, Looks like I was wrong, someone is still up. We will leave your clothing in the car, and take care of it tomorrow. We then entered the front door, and was almost immediately surrounded by Mable, Alma, Gloria and Sally, all wanting to know why I was so late, and why was Sandra with me.

I said, Go into the living room and give us a minute, then I will tell you everything. Once they were in the living room, Sandra ask, You are not going to tell them everything, are you? I said, All except that you and I can read minds. Trust me!

Once we entered the living room, I had Sandra stand next to me, and I said, I suppose you have all guessed that this is Sandra. She will be with us for at least a week. Her parents, are swingers, and wanted her out of the house so that they could host a swingers party. And to answer your next questions, NO I have not fucked Sandra. You will treat her like she is one of the family, and I know that we will all get along very well. Sandra, this is my family/harem. Welcome to our home, and I sincerely hope that you will enjoy your visit. Now she and I are open to any questions.

Sandra interrupted me, and said, Guy has told me of way this house functions. I have no intentions of changing your life style, and I hope I can fit in with all of you. I know all of the name, but please each one as you ask a question of me, tell me your name, so I can match names and people together.

Mable said, I am Mable, the woman of the house. I have no questions yet, but may later. Sandra said, Thank you Mable, I know that you are Guy's mother. Alma then said, I am Alma, I take care of the finances for the harem. Since there are two families represented here, I prefer to call our group a harem. I also may have questions later. Alma, I understand that you are quite the financial wizard, maybe I can learn from you. Your are Sallies mother, and Mables best friend. I also understand that you are carrying Guy's first child. Congratulations.

Gloria then said, I am Gloria. Do you love my brother? That is all it takes to be welcome in this family. Again Sandra said, Thank you Gloria. You are as lovely as you mother, Mable. And yes I truly do love Guy. Sally then said, I guess that you now know that I am Sally. With you here, am I going to loose my spot as Guy's girlfriend? Sally, Sandra said, Outside of this compound, I want you to continue to be Guy's girlfriend. Here, I just want to be a member of the family, and may someday want to marry Guy. I hope that we can be friends. You are also as lovely as you mom. I should be so lucky to look like any of you. Sally said, Sandra, you are every bit as lovely as Mable and Alma. Guy has the best looking harem in the world, and you complement it very well.

Since no one ask, I will tell you why I am here. First, I wanted to meet this family. Guy has been very lacking in talking about it. Second, I am trying to see if I can fit into this unusual family/harem. And third my parents are swingers, and sent me here to get me out of the way. They want to have some swingers parties at our house, but I was always an obstacle. By coming here, I kill two birds with one stone. I am out of their way, and I get to see first hand how this family works. My family is also nudists, so this is no a problem for me. I truly think I can fit in, and will grow to love all of you as you love each other. Please be a little tolerant of me until I learn all the rules.

Sally spoke up and said, It might get a little awkward, with me being his official girlfriend, and you being his actual girlfriend, but I am sure we can work it out. I then said, Sally, whenever I go out here in town, you will be with me. When Sandra and I go out, we go out of town so no one knows us, and it does not create a problem.

As far as bedrooms, Sandra can take mine, or one of the empty ones. She is not yet on the pill, so will not be in the rotation list yet. Beside she is only going to be here for a week. Gloria, you are now on the list, and I will be be taking your cherry tonight. Sally, your cherry gets taken tomorrow night, after we get back from the movies. We have to keep up our dating even more with Sandra here I said.

Now I think it is time for all of us to go to bed. Sally will you help Sandra pick a room, and get her stuff put in it? Mable, and Alma, good night. Gloria, I will be in your room in a few minutes, so get ready for me. I am going to take a shower, and everyone should be settled in for the night by the time I get done. I then kissed Alma, Mable, Gloria, and Sally. When it came to Sandra, we made out for several minutes before I would let her go.

After my shower, the house was quiet, and the only light on was in Glorias room. I slowly walked to her room, trying to give her time to get ready for her big night. I entered the room, and she was laying on the bed with her legs spread so that I could see her pussy. I left the light on, and went strait to the bed. She ask, Are you going to turn the light off? I said, No, I want to see you and your reactions while I am making love to you. Also, I think you might want to see what I am doing to you, as well as feel what I am doing.

I had Gloria lay on her side, and I laid down beside her, so that we could do a '69'. As she started working my cock, I put my head between her legs, and started kissing and licking her slit, making sure that I hit her clit as well and her vaginal opening. I kept eating her pussy as she sucked my cock. It took no time at all before she was having an orgasm. It was a small one, but by the time she had my cock ready to cum, she had 2 more, each one stronger than the last. 

I told her that I was going to cum, and she pulled my cock completely into her mouth and throat. I fired several blasts of cum into her stomach. She had been holding her breath while I was cumming in her throat, and when I puled out of her mouth, she was gasping for breath. I ask her why she did that and she said, I wanted to deep throat you, in payment for you taking my cherry. I said, I haven't taken it yet! Gloria replied, No but you are about to. I have always heard about having my pussy eaten, but you give it a whole new meaning. That was great, now please make a woman of me.

I warned her that it might hurt for a short time, so I would take it slow and easy. She said, NO, not slow and easy, Fast and Hard, I can take it. I ask Are you sure? She said, Yes, get it over with fast. So I put my cock at the entrance to her vagina, and said, OK here it comes fast and hard. With that I shoved it into her as hard as I could. My momentum kept me plunging forward, until I was completely inside of her. She let out a loud cry, and then was all right. Mable and Sandra heard her cry, and came to see if she was all right. By the time they had reached the door, I was stroking at a fairly fast pace. Mable said, Did you have to hurt her? Gloria, between gasps, said, I told him to do it fast and hard, and he sure did. It feels great now. Go back to bed. Sandra ask, Gloria, do you mind if I stay and watch? I have never seen it done before? Gloria said, If Guy doesnt car, then neither do I. I replied, I left the lights on so you could if you wanted to.

Gloria was shouting, Faster, harder, I won't break, Fuck me a baby, brother, I want it.  She then had a very heavy orgasm, just as I was getting ready to cum in her. I shot several heavy spurts into her womb. I just laid on top of her for a while, her eyes had rolled back up into her head. About the time my cock came out of her, she had come to. 

Sandra was standing by her head looking concerned. When Gloria opened her eyes, she saw the look on Sandras face, and said, When your turn comes, I hope he sends you to heaven like he just did to me. Sandra then said to me, Will you sleep with me and hold me? I said, I usually sleep with the one I fuck, but if Gloria doesnt mind, I will. Gloria said, Normally I would, but since this is her first night here, I think it would help her immensely to have you at her side tonight. But next time, I want you all night.

Sandra and I went to 'her' room. In bed, I held her, with her nipples boring holes in my chest, and we both went to sleep. When I awoke, Sandra was giving me a blow job. When she saw that I was awake, she said, Good morning. This is a thank you for making me feel welcome. I hope that Gloria is not put out, for you leaving her last night. I replied, Not this time, but if it happens again, she will be furious. I hope you like your breakfast. All of my ladies seem to like give me a morning blow job, and it is a great way for me to start my day. Just remember that today, I have to spend most of it with Sally, and keep up the pretense that she is my girlfriend.

Since this was Saturday, Sally and I went to the mall, where a lot of the kids spent their day. I had her wear a short, short skirt, crotchless panties, no bra and a blouse that had an extremely low neckline. Most of her breasts could be seen, and the nipples were just barely hidden. A sudden move, left or right would temporally expose a nipple.

Three of her girlfriends joined us, and we found our way to Fredricks of Hollywood's shop. There the girls looked at some very sexy clothing, and Sally decided to buy a bra that allowed her nipples to stick through. Then she bought a very sheer blouse in the same color as the bra. The girls with her ask if she where she would wear such a combination, and she said, To school, where else? You would not dare, they said. See if I don't on Monday, she answered.

When the girls boyfriends showed up, the first thing they noticed was the very short skirt, and the crotchless panties that Sally was wearing, and began kidding their girlfriends. All three of the girls ended up buying similar panties, and the boys made them promise that they would wear them to school.

After a light lunch at the mall, we all ended up at The Dinner. When we entered, our favorite waitress was there, and brought a large soda with two straws, when she came to our table. While Sally and I were sucking on the straws, I would reach over and pull her tits out of her blouse. The girls sitting with us would blush, and their boyfriends would try to get them to unbutton their blouses. One of the girls finally let her boyfriend unbutton her blouse, then he pulled one boob out of her bra. She looked at Sally and said, Why should Sally be the only one having fun, as she pulled the other boob out.

I looked at her and smile, and said, Nice tits, and your nipples are already hard. Welcome to the emancipated group. While the other girls would not let their boobs be seen, they were allowing their boyfriends to play with them for the first time. All of the boys were in seventh heaven, and everyone agreed that it felt good. The girls were smiling, so everyone was happy.

When we got home that evening, the four ladies were playing cards, so I said, You all know that this is Sallies night, so we will adjourn to her room next door. See you all in the morning. With that Sally and I went to her room for the night.

Entering her room, I ask, Lights on or off? She said, On so I can see what you are doing to me. Then I ask, Curtains open or closed? She said, What difference does that make? I answered, So the people across the street can see us or not. She said, Open. I then ask, Hard and fast, or slow and easy? She answered, Slow and easy at first. 

I then said, Ok we will start with the 69 position, to get both of us ready. She said, I am ready now. I answered, Not mentally ready, physically ready. I laid beside her and turned her on her side facing me, then I laid down with my cock in her face, and said, Give me a blow job, and lift your one leg, so I can get my face on your pussy. I put my mouth on her pussy and started licking her up and down. She started cumming almost immediately, and tasted delicious. I kept eating her pussy, until she had made me cum, and she had swallowed it all. Then I started kissing her higher and higher. When I got to her tits, I spent quite a bit of time licking and sucking her nipples, before I continued kissing up to her mouth. I then french kissed her, and had her direct my cock to her vaginal opening. I slowly entered her, and had my cock head just about fully into her, when I touched her hymen.  This sent a violent shiver up her body. 

I slowly put more pressure on her hymen, and she told me that it hurt quite a bit. I said, It feels like your hymen is quite thick. It will probably hurt a lot when it breaks, so be prepared. It will only hurt for a short time, and I will take it slow until you are adjusted to me. She answered, Do what ever it takes, but get the dammed thing out of the way. I kept slowly pushing on her hymen, but it was not moving, so I said, I am going to have to hit it hard so I can break it, sorry, it will hurt a lot for a minute or so. I then pulled back to where just my cock head was about half way into her, then I dropped my full weight onto her. Her hymen stopped me for just a second or two, and she screamed as it broke. By the time I could get stopped, I was almost all the way inside of her.

I said, When you are ready, let me know, I will just stay like this until you say it is ok to go further. She was crying, and said, It really hurt bad, but it is now easing off, go ahead and fuck me. At that, I slowly pushed the rest of my cock inside of her, and as I bottomed out, I felt my cock touch her cervix. Holding still for a few seconds, I then started pulling out of her. She cried and said, Don't take it out. I said, Just getting it ready to start stroking in and out of you, don't worry. I started pumping at a very slow rate, so as to not irritate her broken hymen to much, but about every other stroke I would speed up just a tad.

After about 3 minutes, I was up to a normal speed, and kept it pretty regular for a time. Her body was responding quickly and she had 3 orgasms before I began to pound her very hard. When I was getting ready to cum, I started pounding her fast and ferrous for the last few seconds, then I stopped with my cock against her cervix, and shot 5 or 6 heavy loads into her uterus. Oh, that feels so good, Sally said.

I laid on top of her and was letting my cock come out on its own, when she said, I am so sleepy, I can't keep my eyes open. I said, Go to sleep, when my cock is recharged, I will fuck you again, and it will probably wake you up. I think she was asleep before I had finished saying that. About an hour later, I put my cock back into her, and started fucking her again. She woke up and said,That feels heavenly. and went back to sleep. She did not have an orgasm this time, and again I gave here several shots of cum. I went to sleep still on top of her. A couple of hours later I awoke with a hard on. I figured it was a piss hard on, but decided to go ahead and fuck her. This time she did not wake up, and I only had a small amount of cum to put inside of her. I then went to the bathroom, and spent several minutes until I could piss.

In the morning, Sally woke up and was giving me a blow job, which awoke me. Once she had finished, she ask me if I had fucked her after the first time. I said, Yes the second time, you awoke enough to know I was fucking you, but the third time, you did not even know I was in the room.

Monday, as the 4 of us were biking to school, Sandra said, This is the first day of the new semester, I wounder what our new US History teacher will be like. I answered, Probably a 60 year old man with a mustache, horned rimmed glasses, and limps with both legs. Every one laughed at that, but agreed he/she would be a pain.

The period just before lunch was US History. Sandra and I sat in our usual seats, like we did not associate with each other. There was no teacher in the class, and the bell rang for class to start. The door opened, and the principal entered, and said that our new teacher was outside, and he wanted to say a few words before we met her. I thought an old maid with buck teeth. He said that this was her first teaching job, and we should be on our best behavior. Help her all you can, and please be nice to her, do not treat her like you did Mr. Calvin. We all laughed, and he walked to the door and opened it and motioned for her to come in.

When she entered the room, you could have heard a pin drop. She was drop dead gorgeous. She looked to be about 25. I couldn't see why we had not seen her as the centerfold in Playboy or Hustler. Either one would have sold out all the copies in an hour.

This is Miss Lynda Fortune, and she is our new history teacher. Miss Fortune, they are all yours, and good luck.

As the principal left the room, she said, As the principal just said, my name is Miss Fortune. This is my first teaching job. I graduated last fall, and this was the first opening for a history teacher, so I guess you are stuck with me. Every one snickered. I will try to learn all of your names as quickly as I can, but for the first few days, when ever I call on you, or you ask a question, please state your name first, then your answer, or question. Do that for me and it will help me to remember who is who.

She spent the rest of the class learning names, and where we were in our studies.  All of us boys had a hard time concentrating. We were looking at her big boobs, and her small waist. Her legs were also great to see.

The next couple of days, she gave us some tests so that she could assess each individual, and see how we stacked up against the evaluations of our former teacher. Once she had graded the tests, she passed them back to each of us with written information on them as to how she perceived our progress. On mine, she had written When I saw in the grade book that you had a perfect 100% on all tests, I was frankly suspicious, however you have also aced each test that I have given. I want to see you after class tomorrow. When I checked with Sandra, she had a similar note on hers.

After class the next day, both Sandra and I stayed behind to see what Miss Fortune wanted. When the last student had left the room, she ask me to close the door. Then she had both Sandra and I to sit right in front of her desk. Once everyone was where she wanted us, Miss Fortune said, I was talking to the principal, about grading papers, and ask if it were permissible for me to have a student help me grade them. His answer was, Yes. He did however tell me it should be the one student that has the best grades. There in lies my quandary. Both of you have a 100% average, so I must figure out which of you is to help, if you are so inclined.

I spoke up and said, Why not each one of us take a different week, and alternate helping you with this task. Miss Fortune said, Now why did I not think about that! Sandra spoke up and said, Just let Guy do it all, I have other things on my mind, and would rather not do it. I hope you understand that it has nothing to do with either one of you.

I gave her a strange look, and she nodded her head yes. Miss Fortune said, Well Sandra if you would rather not do it, that's all right, so I will ask Guy, will you be willing to help me out? Sandra was slowly nodding her head yes, so I said, I would be honored to help you in anyway I can. When do you want me to start? She answered, How about tomorrow, It will take up part of your lunch time, but I can always have the staff bring us a lunch here while we work. Is that agreeable with you? I answered, Fine by me. And thank you for asking me.

At home, when I had a chance to talk to Sandra, with out anyone else around, I ask her, Why did you not want to take that job helping Miss Fortune? She answered, I looked into her mind, and she was hoping that you would take it. She seems to be attracted to you, and from the looks of her, she would make an excellent addition to our harem. You will have to be careful how you proceed, but I think she is doable. I take it then that you intend to say with us? Yes, but we will have to convince my parents to let me do so. That may take some doing.

A short time later the phone rang, and it was for Sandra. She picked up the receiver and said, hello. Oh hi mom. Is everything all right? You do? What did dad say? It was his idea? This is a sudden change from usual, are you sure? Ok I will give you a call. Tell dad I love him, and you to. Bye bye.

We went back up to her room, and she said, Mom and dad have decided that I should stay here for as long as I want to, or as long as your mom will let me. Very strange behavior for them. I must have had a shit eating grin on my face, as she looked up at me, she suddenly put her hands over her mouth, and shook her head. She reached out to me and whispered, I forgot that you can also read minds, and you can also plant ideas in heads from a distance. You engineered this, didn't you? I said, Is it not want you wanted? I said I would never read your mind unless you ask me to, but I did not say anything about  your parents.

With that, she pulled me to her and started kissing me. I said, Look out, I might just for get that you are not on the pill yet. By the way when is your appointment? She said, Tomorrow after school. Mom has already talked to the Dr. so she will not question my asking for them.

Good, now back to the other conversation, let me take the lead in getting this done, I will take it very easy this semester, but next fall, I will start working her into the group. I will try to do it without planting any suggestions in her mind, but I will if I have to. I want to see that body very much, and she can also give us kids, and home school them for us. Yes dear, I won't interfere, and will let you handle it. By the way how are things going with you and Miss Fortune? I answered, Lynda and I are getting along very well, and she seems to be pleased with my work.

Oh, so it is now Lynda, and not Miss Fortune? I said, She felt that since we were working as colleagues, that I should call her Lynda, but only when we are alone. Great, Ill bet you are in her pants before the semester is over, said Sandra. I doubt that, I said, but defiantly before the end of the first semester of next year.

A month later, the morning I told Sandra, You are now included in the rotation, this is your day. Sandra said, You did not have to wait, I would not have worried if I had gotten pregnant. I answered, While you are in school, I will not have you thrown out, because you are pregnant. Now, I will say that next year, the last month of school, you can throw away the pills, because I intend to have you pregnant as soon as possible after school is out. She ask, What about Gloria and Sally? I said, They stay on the pill until the end of their senior year.

It was about this time that Alma came in and said, My water broke a few minutes ago, it's time to go to the hospital. I said, sorry but you all are going to have a very natural child birth. We will try to find a midwife to come here to help, but that is all. Alma said, You said that before, and I thought you were kidding, but knowing you I do have one on call, so here is her number. I will be in my room, if I can get up the stairs again. Sandra said, Guy, call the number, and I will her get back to her room, and stay until the midwife gets here. I called the number, and she said it would take her about 20 minutes to get here. I told her it was ok as she had a woman with her now.

An hour and a half, my son Albert was born. He was a little chunky but otherwise was pretty good looking. Hopefully he would loose the chunkiness as he grew. Of course all of the other wives were jealous of Alma, for having the first baby, but they all loved him. I told Alma, and the rest, that all the babies were to be breast fed for as long as they wanted to suck a tit, and I would be having my share of mothers milk as well. Alma said, You want to use us as cows? My tits will stay at L cups for a long time then, and girls, you can all expect to go up a cup size or two. Mable said, My tits are already at a J cup size. We are going to have trouble getting bra's large enough, but what fun we will have. I have always wanted to nurse a baby in public, and now it seems like I have no choice, but I have learned to love showing off my body to others. Our master is the greatest, and we all will be better women for having him. Mable was about 6 weeks from her due date.

Sally was upset, saying, It isn't fair, he won't let me, Gloria, or Sandra have a baby. I wish I had never given my pledge! Mable spoke up and said, Sally, he is doing it for your own good. What would happen to you if he let you have a baby, then something happened to him. If you did not finish school, do you know the consequences? I'll tell you, You would have a hard time until you could find (if you could find) a man that would take you and someone else's baby? You might never find such a man. Now I think that you should first apologize to our master, then individually to each of your sister wives.

Sally turned to me and said, Master, I am sorry, I was just blowing off steam, I know that you are looking out for our welfare, and I appreciate it. Please for give me. I answered, Sally, I think I know how you feel, but as Mable said, it is for your welfare that I hold back, but when the time comes, I will be more than happy to see you pregnant with our child. You see even though Alma is Alberts mother, he belongs to all of us, to care for and to teach him as he grows up. When you do have a baby, the same rules will apply and all of us will take care of him/her the same way.

Sally then went to each of the four other females, and apologized to them, saying that she had been out of line and would not recant her oath.

Just before school was out, Mable gave birth to twins, even though they were a boy and a girl, they looked identical. Other than their sex organs, I could not tell them apart. They were named Betty and Bill. I said in a joking manner, We need more girls, the boys will have to take turns, unless we do! Both Alma and Mable said, Well the man determines the sex so you had better tell those balls of yours to start producing male sperm. We all had a big laugh over that.

Near the end of school, I ask Lynda what she had planned for the summer, and she said that she was going to take her dream trip, and go surfing in Hawaii. I said, I will miss working for you, I have enjoyed our conversations as well. She said, Don't let anyone know, but I was able to get you and Sandra in my World History class next year, so we can work together again. The last day of class, Lynda ask me to stay for a couple of minutes. When the last student had left, she went to the door, shut it and locked it. When she came back to where I was standing she put her arms around me and kissed me on the mouth, with lots of tongue. She said, I have been wanting to do that for a while now, I hope you enjoyed it, please do not let anyone know, or I could loose my job. I said Lynda, I have been wanting to kiss you for a long time now, but I did not want to put your job in jeopardy. She said, It feels like you would also like to give me something else as well. Maybe next year! I smiled and said, That would be heaven, I have a hard time keeping my hard on from showing in this class. She laughed and said, I have noticed that. Have a great summer, and we have a lot to look forward to this fall. She then kissed me again, and said, Wipe the lipstick off of your mouth before you go into the hall.

When we all got home from school, all five of the ladies were there, along with the three babies, and me. Alma ask, Have you given any thought as to what the harem is going to do this summer? I said, Yes, I have it all worked out. Reservations have been made, and all we have to do now is to show up day after tomorrow. Everyone wanted to know where we were going and were all talking at once. I took a whistle out of a drawer on the end table and blew it loudly. That silenced everyone, and I said, We are going to the Shady Acres Dude Ranch. Sandra gave me a dirty look and ask, Have you ever been there? No, I said, but I have it on good authority that it is a place we will like.

She said, You know that you have to be a member to get in, or be with someone who is a member. Alma said, You seem to know about it, will you tells us what you know? She answered, There is horseback riding, swimming, and hiking. Like the name says, most of the area is tree covered so they call it Shady Acres. It is very exclusive, and only 100 people can be there at one time. Since you are not members, I would like to know how you could get reservations.

I said, First, why don't you tell us how you know so much about it. Sandra looked at everyone, and said, Guy knows that my family are nudists, and my dad is a member..YOU didn't.did you? I smiled and ask, I didn't what? She said You got together with my parents, and went behind my back to find out about it. I said, I did talk to your mom and ask where they usually went on vacation, and she told me. I told her that that sounded interesting, and she ask if my family might want to go. She also said that you always seemed to enjoy being there. I said that we would be interested, and that there would be 5 females, one man (me) and three babies. She said, I will add Mac and myself and make the reservations for 6, 2 and three.

I talked to her three days ago, and they have rented a large limo to take us all there. All we have to bring is ourselves. The limo will be here about 8am day after tomorrow. She did say to bring plenty of diapers and food for the babies. When I told her that they are being breast fed, she thought that was great. Sandra said, But now they will know what we are doing. I said, Sandra, my love, They have known from the start. I was just told not to let you know that they did, but now it makes no difference, as they will be with us.

You are a rat, but I love you very much, said Sandra, as she smiled and kissed me.

I said, Right now, I need some milk, which of you two ladies is going to give me a nipple? Mable said, It will have to be Alma, as both of mine are in use. Our twins are very hungry for some reason, today. I sat next to Alma, and put a nipple in my mouth and started sucking. I was getting addicted to mothers milk. I took about  of the milk from that nipple, and then reached over to Mable, and picked up Betty and put her on that nipple, while I took her place on Mables now free nipple. Each of the three girls also sampled the milk from both of the mothers.

I looked at Mable and ask, Why did you stop Gloria and I from nursing? She answered, Your dad did not think it was proper to nurse you in public. Actually I think he did not want anyone to see my tits, and used that as an excuse. I then ask Alma, Why did you stop Sally from nursing? She said, I listened to my mother and she said it should be stopped when the baby was big enough to drink from a glass. You probably don't remember, but Sally nursed until she was 3 years old, but I very seldom let her nurse when you were around, because of your father. If he had not been around, I would have also let you and/or Gloria nurse as well. There is nothing I like better than the feel of some one sucking my nipples and drinking my milk, with the exception of a good fucking.

When we were alone for a few minutes, Sandra said, You know that you will have to allow dad to fuck all of us! I said I had assumed as much, since I will be fucking your mother. I also understand that any consenting female over 16 is fare game. It sounds like a lot of fun, and you girls will have the chance to have other guys fuck you. That will give you a good comparison as to how good or bad I am. I would not normally let other guys fuck you girls, but a vacation like this does not come around very often. I do not plan on joining the club, but thought it might be a treat for you girls, to try someone different. It could change some minds about the harem. I hope not but it could happen. And to answer your unasked question, NO I did not use my power to get them to agree. To the vacation, nor getting you to live here. In reality it was your mothers suggestion, and your dad agreed, so that their activities would not corrupt you, but of course my activities have corrupted you any way. I do love you very much, and I still plan on us getting married right after graduation.

Sandra said, I am glad to hear that, I thought you might be trying to get rid of me, or one/both girls. I know that they will not leave the harem, just as I will never leave you voluntarily. Thank you, my love for understanding. Mable and Alma, will probably not understand, but they will get over it. Having my babies, ties them to me, and eventually you, Gloria and Sally will be tied to me by the same process. I really love all five of you, and if I can get Lynda in we will have a teacher, and more children.

I will have to be looking around for a nurse, said Sandra. What for, I ask? Silly, to take care of your pregnant wives, and fixing up the kids skinned up knees, etc. And of course to have more babies.

I said, I am going to be so tired of fucking, that I won't be able to move. Exactly my idea, said Sandra, we will put you in a bed, and then take turns making you fuck us all day. I said, Lots of luck on that one, no man could survive that, not with even just the 5 of you now.

Everyone was ready when Mac and Dora showed up for the drive to the Dude Ranch. It was late afternoon when we arrived. The following day, was spent seeing all of the activities that were available. Alma and Mable oped to stay at the pool, because of the babies. The other 6 of us went horseback riding among the many trees. After about 3 hours of this, the four women decided that they should be riding side saddle, as the leather saddles, was chafing their pussies. Also, Mac and I would take turns having one of the ladies ride with us, facing us with our cocks inside of them. Their bouncing tits really felt good rubbing my chest. They thought it was a little uncomfortable, but kept asking for more, which we obliged.

Some days we would all just wander around in the forest, of foot. When ever we found a good clearing, we would spend some time there fucking the girls. We also found a clearing with a stream running through it, and spent some time in the water. Other days we would all go our separate ways, and find other people to fuck. We found that a fair percentage of the unattached females, were there just for the fucking they could get, and some of them even said that they wanted to get pregnant, and were fucking as many men as they could, so no one would be known as the father of their child.

Those that wanted me to use condoms, I stayed away, I hate using them. This camp was pretty laid back, and almost anything was ok, except forcing yourself onto some one. Several times I had a threesome with another guy, and a girl. Twice I had a threesome with two girls. I did of course take time each day to get my mothers milk from Alma and Mable. I was always careful not to take to much, as the kids were almost drinking them dry each day.

Everyone had a great time, and the month went very fast. On the way home Mac ask me if I was going to join, and I said, It was a great time, but I don't think that it is for us, so I will pass on that invitation. Then in front of everyone, he ask me, When are you going to get my little girl pregnant? I answered, Not until she has finished High School, and then I will be keeping her pregnant, as often as I can. Good, he said, If you hadn't come along when you did, I would have had her pregnant by now, but I can understand why you want to wait. He then turned to her and said, My sweet child, you have chosen a very honorable man, but when you start, I want a lot of grand kids. Her answer was, Thank you, daddy, and I fully intend to have as many kids as Guy can give me.

Continued in CheerLeader
