2:24, School Restroom

I was a freshman in high school, my first year at this new school.  I had just moved here from Wisconsin and knew only two people: one sixth grader who was a neighbor, and a Junior at the school.  The first few days here were terrible!  But as time passed and I was able to meet more people, it got a little better.

One of the people I met was a Senior named Rich - a skinny build, maybe 5'10.  His hair was long and intentionally messy.  (This was such a difference from me: I was classic mid-west, corn-fed... 6'3", thick build, my head trimmed almost bald.)  He was funny as hell and was ruthless in criticism of others.  Maybe 5'10 or so, he was also thin (definitely unusual for Wisconsin) and.... quite flamboyant!  That was truly something new for me; no one in the Cheese State was quite like him.  I didn't care and we hung out often, meeting between classes to chat.  When he finally told me he was gay, I think I said something like, "OK.  Are we still gonna hang out?"  He laughed - obviously relieved.

Over the following weeks, our conversations got pretty raunchy.  He would tell me about giving head to someone in a car, or getting fucked by an older man.  (I think I shared one story with him: me jerking off and hitting myself in the chin.)  This talk didn't really bother me.  I was always kind of open to anything.  I hadn't done anything about it (with girls or guys!) yet; I'd just listen and store it away.  When I jerked off at night - or morning - I would run through the things he told me to see if they got me horny.  To my surprise, most of them did!

It was lunch on a Thursday and we were sitting on benches outside the auditorium.  Rich was detailing his last encounter: fucking a freshman's ass at a school football game.  His attention to each bit of the experience was incredible.  I could picture everything as he spoke.  And then, for the first time EVER, I began to get really aroused as I listened.  I was getting hard. 

"I have an idea," Rich told me, "you should join me in the bathroom next to the front office at 2:24 today."  That specific restroom had almost no student traffic, I had learned.  Too close to the office. "I can see you're getting worked up by hearing about my gay adventures." pointing to my crotch.  "Let's see what we can do about that!"

"Rich, I .... Uhhhh ... "  I could think of no reason why not to join him.  "Ok, but" I wondered aloud "why at 2:24?  Something special about that time?"  I was saying yes, and to my surprise, had almost no reservations about it.   

"Well, it seems pretty random, and it gives us 36 minutes until the final bell."  He was smiling widely.  "You're not gonna stand me up, are ya?"

"No, I'll be there."  HOLY SHIT!  It dawned on me exactly what I was agreeing to.  "See you then."  The bell announced the end of the lunch period.  It was 1:12.  So, without even really considering what it meant, I had agreed to have gay sex with Rich!  In my head somewhere, a little voice was calling out, "No!"  And then a louder, more controlling voice would shout, "Yes - do it, sissy!"

My fifth period class was miserable - I couldn't focus on anything!  The teacher knew that I was somewhere else and kept harassing me with question after question.  When the class ended, I was mentally exhausted.

My last period was English Lit, one of my favorite subjects.  We were in the middle of evaluating "Billy Budd" by Melville.  (Now THAT was a gay story!)  As the clock clicked to 2:23, I raised my hand to use the restroom.  Walking out, I flashed the teached a sign: 2 fingers, which meant I had to go poop... give me more time, I thought.  He nodded.

Pushing the restroom door open, I looked at my phone.  It had just switched to 2:24.  Perfect, I thought.  I hate being late.    This restroom was large: 10 urinals and 12 stalls.  The two stalls on the end were handicapped accessible, much larger than the others.  I glanced around and didn't see anyone else in here.  I cleared my throat and listened for a response: nothing.  Bending over, I looked for feet in the stalls: nothing.  `Guess I'm getting stood up," I thought.

Rich pushed the door open and rushed in.  "Sorry, bud.  Fuckin teacher wouldn't let me leave during the quiz.  I pretty much told him I was gonna have an accident, and he let me go."  Rich looked around, and then at me.  "You know, I didn't think you were gonna show."

"I'm here," I spoke sheepishly.  I was totally inexperienced in sex... straight or gay.  "Not really sure what happens now though."  Second thoughts, hesitation, and apprehension all came flooding through me.  I was not sure I could go through with this.

"That's why I'm here," he smiled.  "Come to the last stall."  We walked to it and stepped inside, Rich closing and locking the door after us.  "Sweet."  He put his mouth to mine and we kissed deeply.  This was not the first french kiss I had, just the first one with a guy.  He was forceful with his tongue; I remember feeling razor stubble as we kissed, thinking how strange that part was.  "You're hot!"  He said, stepping back and unzipping his shorts.  "Check this out."  

I looked at his hardening cock as he pulled the shorts and boxers down and a shiver coursed through me.  He had a big dick, at least 8 inches and very thick at the base.  Also, I noted to myself, his pubic hair was slightly red... `thought he had brown hair'.  Rich's hand held onto the shaft tightly as I stood there, looking at it.  I began to unzip my own shorts; he stopped me.

"That might be a bit much.  How about you suck on me for a minute?"

I could only smile weakly as I knelt in front of him.  I took his now hard-on in my hand; he pulled his away as I grasped it.  `Moment of truth,' I thought.  Holding on to the shaft of Rich's dick was not what I expected.  Being so used to holding my own, I didn't expect it to feel that different.  I was wrong.  And then, like I was in a hurry to get it over with, I tasted his cock.  My first taste ever!

There aren't many ways to describe what it was like to me.  It had a distinctive taste: fleshy, salty, fresh even.  The texture was the part I loved!  Meaty and thick, super hard and yet soft at the same time.  To say I liked it would not be fair: I loved it.

I had no experience sucking cock, so I just imagined what would feel good on me and did that.  With my left hand still holding the shaft, I used my right hand to cup his balls gently.  My mouth sucked as much of it in as I could, and then I let it slide almost all the way out.  Over and over, slowly and methodically, I kept going.  `This is fucking awesome!' I thought to myself as I continued giving my first blowjob.  

"Oh yeah, baby.  That's fuckin' hot!" Rich moaned.  "I don't think I...." he trailed off in a longer moan.

I felt the base of his cock pulse strongly in my hand.  I don't think I realized what was happening until I felt the first of his load shoot into my mouth.  It was difficult not to gag, but I managed to avoid doing so.  I kept my mouth on him as he continued his orgasm.  The taste of his cum was actually good - and the consistency was thick, hot, and creamy.  I swallowed once, as more squirted into my mouth.  I can't remember how many times he shot, but I did swallow it all.  

He had finished cumming, but I continued sucking.  "OK - Jeezus - enough!  Fuck!"  Rich pulled my shoulders up.  I stood in front of him, my mouth still tasting of his load.  "Come here," he said and pressed his mouth onto mine.  He kissed me again, our tongues mashed together.  As our kissing stopped, he bent down, pulled up his boxers and shorts, and zipped them up.

"Wow - that was more than I expected!"  I laughed.  "You realize, that was the first sex-thing I've ever done... with another person anyway!"  It was Rich that laughed at that comment.

"You should come over to my house later.  Both my parents are out until 7 on weekdays, working.  The house will be empty.  I could, uh, return the favor."  He winked as he said that.  I was about to ask where he lived.  "Actually, meet me by the parking lot after class.  I'll drive you."

"OK.  See you then."  We walked out of the restroom and headed back to our class.

Waiting for the last minutes of the class to complete, I replayed the blowjob over and over in my head.  What could I have done better?  Should I have swallowed it all?  These questions rumbled around in my head until the bell rang.  I picked up my backpack, headed for the door, and walked towards the parking lot, completely unaware how my sex life was about to dramatically change.

------------------

Sure enough, Rich was in the parking lot.  He smiled when he saw me and waved me over.  I climbed into the passenger seat and he started driving away.  As he drove, I sent a text to my mom letting her know that I was going to a new friend's house - and would be home later.  She replied quickly, `Have fun".  

"You live close to here?" I asked absently.  

"Not too far at all.  I tell ya, Brady, I'm stoked you're coming over!  I think we could be good friends."  I actually laughed when he said that.... There was no pretense, no cynicism... he was just stating the possible.  "Good friends."  He put his hand on my thigh.

For the five minutes more that it took to get to his house, we talked about nothing in particular.  Small talk about classes, teachers, classmates.  People that were annoying to us.  The whole time, his hand stayed on my thigh.  He squeezed it lightly a couple different times.  I was very aware of how intensely I could feel throbbing in my shorts.

"Here."  He parked the car in front of a well-manicured house and stepped out.  "Come on in," motioning to me.

I followed him inside, unsure of what the fuck I was doing!  Well, I knew, but at some level, my mind was making me doubt these choices.  Again that loud voice shouted down the negative thoughts.  I was going to do whatever he wanted to, I realized.  

"This is a nice place, Rich." I spoke as we entered the kitchen.  "These houses are a lot different than the ones in Wisconsin.  I mean, there are so many windows."  `OK - now shut up, idiot!' I thought to myself.  `You don't need to keep talking about nothing.'

Rich grabbed a couple of sodas from the fridge and led me out of the kitchen, through a living room, and down a hallway.  His room was at the end.  As he opened the door, I remember an awesome poster he had framed up on the wall: "Velvet Underground"   Without wanting to look too nosy, I glanced around his room.  It was definitely comfortable: two bean bags, a simple twin bed, multiple book shelves (full of CDs and DVDs), a TV, and a computer.  Cool room.

"You like my room?" he asked.  "And," he made a spectacle of getting up and going to the door, "the door locks!"  He locked it.  "For privacy."  Walking back, he pushed me so I flopped back into one of the bean bags.

I stammered for a second.  "Nice," I finally spit out.  "You've got everything you need in here."  My heart was pounding.  No clue how or what to do next.

"Not everything."  He pulled his shirt over his head and knelt next to the bean bag I was sitting on.  "Well, getting closer."  His hands were fast - my shorts were unzipped and pulled down quickly.  He left them around my knees, sliding my underwear down to join them.  "Better."  I was sitting in front of him, pants and underwear down.  "Now that's everything!"

"Oh shit!"  I moaned out as his hand wrapped around my hard cock.  I wasn't as big as he was, but I still had a decent 7 inches.  "That feels so -" I was cut off by his mouth closing on my dick.  Warm, wet, sloppy sucking... he knew what to do!  "Jeezus!"

He continued sucking me into his mouth for several minutes.  My hips would thrust up in unison to the sucking.  I wanted it to go on forever!  He was reaching for something, although it didn't affect the blowjob, so I didn't care.  

There was a sound like a ketchup bottle being squeezed when it's almost empty.  I didn't think anything of it - until I felt Rich rub cool, slimy lube onto my asshole.  The recoil must have been involuntary!  He seemed to be ready for it, never losing suction on my hard on.  I was able to relax a bit as he rubbed my virgin hole.

"Oh fuck!"  I blurted out as his finger pushed inside me.  "Rich - whafuck?!"  He pulled it back and slid it further in.  "Mmmm."  That wasn't a complaint.  After a couple more plunges into me, he added another finger.  "OK - careful..." I was struggling to relax.  "Gentle, big boy!"  Where did that come from, I thought.

Rich fingered my ass over and over.  I was squirming under his hands, all the while, my cock stayed in his mouth.  When it finally popped out, he put his hands on my hips to flip me over.  I offered no resistance and turned onto my stomach.  My butt was up now, waiting for whatever he wanted next.

"I'm gonna go slow," he whispered as he climbed behind me.  His thighs moved in between my legs and I could feel him maneuvering himself into position.  "You have a hot fuckin' ass!"  He kissed my neck.  "I'm gonna fuck you now!"  I could feel him guiding his hard cock into my virgin hole.

"Ah!" I actually cried out as the head popped inside me.  It fuckin hurt!  "Slow, man.... Slow."  

"Yes, baby.  I'm gonna fuck you nice and slow."  Again, he kissed my neck, biting gently.  He moved little by little, feeding my ass an inch or less at a time.  "There we go!"  He was now all the way inside my ass, and I could feel his pubic hair pressing against my butt cheeks.  "That feels so fuckin good!"

The intense feeling of pressure on my insides was getting less uncomfortable, and I was beginning to really enjoy the sensation of his length sliding in and out of me.  It seemed like I could feel every bump and curve of his dick with the walls of my ass.  I laid there, bent over the bean bag - getting my ass rammed.  The only thing going through my head was how good it felt... just pure sensation.  My moans were loud, and not in my control.  When he plunged all the way inside of me, a moan escaped.  This went on, speeding up as the speed of his fucking did.

"Can you reach down and jerk off while I fuck you?" Rich asked through heavy breathing.

"Yeah," I moaned.  "That feels fuckin killer!"  My hand was now on my hard prick, pumping it in rhythm to Rich's thrusts.  "Fuck .... that's .... so .... fuckin .... GOOD!"  Assfucked bliss!

"Brady - you know how to take a cock!"  Rich was breathing even more erratically now.  "Giving you a deep-dicking!"  He gulped for air.  "Holy fuck!"

Rich thrust as far into me as he could and just stayed there for a moment.  I felt him tense his whole body up.  HOT - a stream of his cum sprayed my insides!  He moaned.  I moaned.  More cum shot into me.  Jet after hot jet of cum into me.  The entire shaft was twitching as he unloaded all of it into my hole.  With a final hard push forward, Rich dumped all he had left into my ass.  He stayed deep inside me until his cock finally softened enough to fall out.  He rolled onto the bean bag beside me.

"Your turn, boy!"  Rich helped me flip over, grabbed my prick and started stroking it strongly.  "I want you to cum for me, baby!"  Rich kissed me.  "Cum for me."  He nibbled on my ear.  "Cum!"

That was it - I was overtaken by pure pleasure.  My ass tensed up and I think I squealed a bit.  "Gawd!"  My orgasm was wild; cum blasted out of me.  One...two..three milky white streams shot onto my chest.  There was a two to three second pause and then more.  Another 4 shots directly onto me.  My chest was heaving as the last waves of my orgasm slipped away.  Only when it started to get soft did Rich let go of my spent organ.

Today had been quite a day, I thought to myself.  First, I gave a blowjob and swallowed cum; second, I got fucked in the ass until filled with a friend's load; lastly, I was jerked off by said friend.  I must have smiled to myself because Rich leaned over, kissed my mouth and asked, "Something funny?"

"Well, considering my sexual experiences of about 4 hours ago, I'd say we covered a lot of ground today!"  I kissed him back.  "You fucked me like a monster - it felt so good!"  Smiling, "I hope we can do that some more."

He paused, smiled, and then laughed loudly.  "Oh, I hope so too!"  Looking me over, "You busy tomorrow?"  We both laughed at that one.  

And no, I was not busy tomorrow.


