"Freshmen: First Day" by Eagle1 (m/f, m/f, college)

It was a hot day outside, and the gulf air was hot and sticky and humid.

I felt my cotton shirt clinging to me with sweat, which had soaked through my clothes and made my jeans feel like they were made out of lead. I glanced at the cloudy sky overhead and wished it would rain, if only so that some of the humidity might evaporate. I wiped my forehead with the back of my hand and stepped back to watch Cheryl pick up her box, a box that was resting where she had set it, teetering on the step in front of the dorm. 

Howre you doing? I asked, Have you got it?

I walked over behind her in case she lost her grip and needed some help.

She was the only person I knew from high school and we were both a long way from home. And I hadnt expected that any of my high school classmates would be at the same college as me. I was back in the city of my birth: New Orleans. Cheryl was far away from Colorado, the only place shed ever lived. I was still scratching my head wondering why she had wanted to come down here anyway.

Yeah, she replied, tired, Could you get the door for me?

She nodded her head in the direction of the entryway door just beyond her. Her hair was a dark auburn and what wasnt plastered to her forehead with sweat fell down from her forehead into her eyes.

She spit air, trying to get her hair out of her eyes.

Got it, I said, as I balanced the box I was carrying on my knee and deftly opened the door, using my body to prop it open.

I wanted to get this over with as quickly as possible. Cheryl and I had never been what you might call close. Meaning that she was one of those cute, brainy girls in high school who had not been an easy lay, or even a moderately difficult lay. And, consequently, had never shared my bed, or the back of my truck, or any other spot, nor shown any inclination to do so. But, as her mom had called mine, and mine had suggested to me, in terms that left no room for doubt, that it since we were going to the same school it would be the neighborly thing for me to drive down south with her and help her unpack, we now found ourselves in this situation.

And truthfully it could have been worse. My roommate and I were on the college football team, but Id met him and he seemed pretty straight laced and I had a worrying feeling that he wouldnt be any fun at all. Why hed chosen to come to the city of sin was beyond me.

It was probably the football scholarship.

All I was thinking of is that after this was over I could head across campus and get my stuff put away too. And then maybe grab some chow. I sighed, wiped off some more sweat and felt the freedom of being alive.

Things were going to be good here in the homeland of my ancestors. Id already seen about ten girls that I wouldnt mind getting to know better in the biblical sense, and this was just the first day.

So I let a shiver of anticipation ran down my spine. I was a football player. Id been working out since the age of thirteen and I was well built and good looking. I dated a little bit in high school, but Id slept around a lot more. And I do I mean a lot more. My life had mostly been about scoring chicks, and not about relationships. I dated three girls; Id had sex with more than seventy. I considered it an even trade, even if it made me come across as a macho jerk sometimes. My gang was all about the numbers and I, in particular, like to satisfy my urges in bed and not with my right fist.

College was definitely going to be an opportunity to improve my numbers with a whole new kind of woman.

I came out of my daydream when Cheryl brushed by me. 

Of course moving away from home was still a little hard mentally. But it would be an interesting challenge. I followed Cheryl to the top of the stairs and turned and walked down the hallway, stopping at the third door on the right. We laid the boxes to rest on the floor next to the door and she fished her room key out from her pocket.

Oh! came a loud voice from the room in a big, warm greeting, as the door opened.

It must be one of her roommates.

Hi! the voice said again, You must be Cheryl.

The girl was very pretty and she propped the door open flashing a beaming smile.

Im Lara. Sabines out getting her photo ID. Do you need some help?

Hey Lara, said Cheryl, smiling back at her, Thanks, but Ive already got Marc here helping me. If you could just get the door, well be done in a hurry.

She entered the room and I followed along behind with a nod and a smile for Lara.

Hey, I said putting the box down, Im Marc.

A drop of sweat had beaded up on the tip of my nose, and I blew it off with a quick breath from my mouth.

Lara, she replied, checking me out, Pleased to meet you.

The room was well-lit by the sun streaming in through the windows, but it showed just how dusty the place was. There were two rooms off the main room, one on either side and each with its own door.

Sabine and I put our stuff in the room on the left, said Lara, So the other ones all yours.

Thanks, said Cheryl.

I followed Cheryl into her room with my box; it was definitely a cozy arrangement! At least there was another window on the left, but only one. She plopped the box down on the stained mattress in one corner of the room and I did likewise with my box.

You can just pile stuff in the common room, if you guys want, called Lara, Thats what we did. 

Good idea, I said, surveying what we had to work with.

I smiled as I passed Lara, going for another box. She certainly wasnt too hard on the eyes, I thought. She stood about five feet, five inches or so and she had a cute face with pale blue eyes and a reddish tint to her hair. She winked at me as I passedor did she? By the time I made it out to the hall, I smiled as I skipped down the stairs two at a time.

* * *
 
Later that night I found myself juggling a small box in my left arm while trying to rub my eyes with my right hand. I took the time to examine the night sky. After a full day of moving, both my stuff and Cheryls, I was pretty tired. I reoriented myself to the campus lay out. 

I was looking for Cheryls dorm. Somehow, one of her boxes had gotten in with my stuff, and I was pretty sure that she would need its contents sooner rather than later. It was marked clothing, after all. And it probably contained lingerie. I realized, if I had been more of a pervert, I might have been tempted to go through it. Then again this was Cheryl we were talking about.

I saw the door to Cheryls room was closed, as I entered her hallway. But as I neared it I heard the muffled, but unmistakable sound, of a CD emanating from behind the closed door. I knocked loudly, and was pleased when Lara answered the door.

She had changed her clothes from earlier that day. Now, she was wearing cut off jeans and a flimsy white t-shirt.

Hey, Handsome! Youre Cheryls friend Marc, right? she jokingly asked me grinning, Long time no see!

She opened the door wide for me to enter. 

Yeah, I said, getting to the point, This is Cheryls. It must have got in with my boxes by mistake and I thought shed want it.

Hold on a sec, Lara said as she went over and muted the stereo, Okay, well, Cheryls not here. She went off with Sabine to that freshman mixer. I thought itd be lame, so I decided to stay home.

I shifted on my feet with the box cradled in both hands now. Laras hair and figure were quite nice and I felt a stirring in my jeans.

Ill just put this in her room, okay? I offered.

She waved me into the room with a big grin. I placed the box in the corner and noticed Cheryl had already put up a few pictures. I was surprised to see a picture from our junior prom, with her standing next to me with another of my friends. It was an informal pose and I didnt remember the picture being taken. I was pulled out of my contemplation by a hand on my shoulder. 

Hey, Lara asked, Is that you and Cheryl in high school?

She was looking over my right shoulder, her breath gently beating against my back. 

Yeah, I offered softly and without elaboration. 

Lara moved a bit closer to my back, You two were cute together, what happened? 

Oh, we were never going out, I said, dismissing her notion right away.

Really, said Lara, You dating anyone now?

I thought I was picking up some flirtatious vibes, but when I turned around; my eyes nearly fell out of my head. Lara had removed her shirt and was now clad in just a blue bikini top and her jean cutoffs were partially unzipped revealing a matching blue bottom. 

Uh, not at this time, I said hesitatingly, Im not really the dating type.

Love em and leave em, huh? Lara inquired.

Something like that, I replied.

Her lips were very full and inviting. And I instinctively knew that she wanted to be kissed. I had to lean down to make up the height differential, but I was rewarded for the slight effort as her lips pressed to mine. Her tongue darted into and out of my mouth, and her hand began to rub the front of my jeans. Her search ended when her palm found my bulging tool. As we continued to lock lips, Lara guided me backwards to Cheryls bed. And I obeyed and lay back on it.

Lara leaned in on top of me; her hands had now thoroughly worked my cock into a frenzy by massaging it through my jeans. She undid my button fly and pulled my jeans south. My manhood tented my plaid boxers, straining the cotton fabric obscenely.

Now I am a big boy all over. When I graduated high school I was six foot, three inches tall and weighed over two hundred twenty pounds of shredded, ripped muscle. I had no problem getting a place on the college team and a full football scholarship.

I was also extremely well hung, and Lara soon found that out when she mercifully unleashed my straining hard on into the humid air of the room. She took in my thick, full almost ten inches of dick and purred, but said nothing else, as her hands circled my significant girth and pumped me like a piston, her mouth sucking the top of my rod. 

I was out of my mind with unexpected pleasure. My hands reached around her back and untied her bikini top. It fell lightly onto my chest. I moved my hands so they were between me and Lara and took in the view of her breasts. They hung low, with hard pink nipples. I groped her tits with mounting excitement as she slid her hands over my erect shaft. 

Lara gurgled around my cock. She was responding to a squeeze of her sensitive nibbles. 

I could tell my stick shift was being driven by an expert. She worked my head between her thumb and forefinger and spread my pre-cum along the shaft for lubrication. Just as I felt my balls tingle, she released my johnson and sat back on the bed. 

Lara finished the removal of her threadbare jean shorts, and then wriggled out of her blue bikini bottoms.

I quickly pulled off my shirt, boxers and jeans, just to make things equal and to let her take in the muscular torso that accompanied my championship dick. 

Our bodies meshed back together. I reached down and began to finger Laras moist tunnel. She rewarded me with a good long squeeze of my cock. I began to pump my index finger into a well-lubricated hole, while my thumb sawed her engorged clit. Her moans of pleasure told me I was hitting all the right spots. 

With startling ferociousness, Lara shifted her weight and sank her face into my crotch. I had to strain a bit to keep up with her movements, but I nearly lost consciousness when her mouth hit my cock. She concentrated her first kisses onto the very tip, pushing her tongue tip into my slit and rimming the whole head with admirable precision.

I nearly blew my load right then and there. I had never received a blowjob quite like this one. Lara, however, was very into it. She worked her way down my shaft, licking the sensitive skin along the underside and occasionally teasing my tingling flesh with her front teeth. I reciprocated as best I could by adding my middle finger to my index fingers invasion of her steaming hot hole. My finger pumping matched her frenetic licking until we both were about to let loose. 

I was the first to succumb.

My dick jumped and, before I could help it, squirted cum into the back of her throat. Lara swallowed like a trooper and even managed to suction a little more of my seed out. Through it all I soldiered on as my fingers continued their assault of her cunt.

She released her mouth from my cock and moaned. I jammed a third finger into her slit, and she went off like a firecracker; screaming with pleasure.

The force of her orgasm drove her into my chest. I gently stroked her hair, still basking in the rush of feeling from the incredible blowjob she had just administered to me. She moved over to my side and kissed me on the cheek.

Thanks, I said, meaning it.

Cheryl doesnt know what shes missing, she breathed. 

I stared at the ceiling, but Lara, recovering, was now striding confidently out of the room, going to take a shower.

Her eyes were half-closed, and she had a serene, sly smile on her face. I followed her to the door with my eyes, the swaying in her ass, firm yet feminine, and the gentle, playful jiggling of her breasts brought back the tingling in my balls. But I continued to lay there, savoring the feeling and thinking things through. 

I thought for a second and then came to the conclusion that I was thinking too much.

I got up and went for my wallet in my jeans pocket. Inside was a condom that I kept stocked for just such an occasion. My rod had never fully subsided from the blowjob and with a few strokes it was primed again. I took the Trojan Magnum XL rubber out of its gold foil wrapper and slid it down my shaft, getting a nice, snug fit.

I heard the water running and got up and went in the shower with Lara. I thought at first she was startled to see me, but then I happily learned that she wasnt.

Bout time, she said, smiling.

She put her arms around my neck and stood on her toes, lips finding mine. My hands slid down her back to her soft ass, holding her ass cheeks as she kissed my mouth over and over. 

She sent her tongue eagerly into my mouth as I pulled her body against mine. My covered dick slid against her stomach as her tongue explored my mouth. She pulled back from me a little, bringing her hands down between our bodies and grabbing my long, thick cock.

My hands caressed her breasts as I began to kiss under her chin and down her neck. We were both breathing heavily as I made my way down her chest. My lips brushed against her wet skin as I brought a hand down between her legs. I ran my fingers over her and she parted her legs slightly. 

As my lips engulfed the nipple of her breast, my fingers could feel the soaking wetness of her slit. Lara lifted her left leg and placed a foot on the side of the tub, giving herself to me. I briefly stared at her beautiful pussy. Her pink lips were swollen and quivering, surrounded by neatly trimmed curls of her pubic hair. 

I placed my mouth over her cunt and slipped my tongue inside her. She sighed, running her hand back behind my head, guiding me. My tongue twirled around inside her, tasting her. I sucked her pussy lips into my mouth, running my tongue up and down them as she squirmed above me. 

My hands were gripping her ass tightly as I released the lips of her cunt. I slowly licked up her slit to her sensitive clit, and she gasped. Her hand was pushing my head into her a little harder now, as I was now in an area where she wanted me to stay. Her chest was heaving as she breathed laboriously. My tongue teased over her clit, running up and down over it lightly. 

I sucked her tiny button into my mouth, running my tongue back and forth over it rapidly, forcing the helpless girl over the edge. She moaned and called out, wincing as an orgasm washed over her. She rubbed her pussy against my face as she came. Then I stopped, pulling my head back, and got to my feet. She was panting, still trying to recover as my lips found hers. She kissed me back breathlessly, sloppily.

She needed me, I could tell.

I spun her around roughly. My cock twitching to be inside this girl, her ass bent naked over before me. I had spun her around to jam my cock into her, but now I found myself helplessly sinking to my knees again behind her. 

She was no doubt caught by surprise so when she felt my lips kissing her ass cheeks. I used my hands to spread her cheeks apart, massaging them as I kissed all over each of her cheeks. I could see her tight little asshole, and her swollen pussy underneath, and my kisses went closer and closer to her crack. I kissed her slit, and she gasped again. 

I buried my face in her ass as my tongue slid back into her cunt, tasting her once more. Lara now had her left foot in the tub and her right foot on the edge of the tub as she gave herself to me completely. My tongue relentlessly licked at her slit, and she squirmed, toes curling. 

I kissed her pussy one more time before slowly licking at the skin that was between her pussy and her asshole. She sighed, my tongue teasing her. My tongue circled her tight asshole as my hands spread her ass wide apart. 

I forced my tongue into her asshole, and Lara was caught off guard. She made no move to stop me. I began to slide my tongue in and out of her asshole as my hands caressed her ass. I ran my one hand underneath her, rubbing her slit as I tongued her asshole. 

She moaned and sighed softly. She began to rub her pussy against my hand as I licked the inside of her hole over and over. Still rubbing her clit with my fingers, I ran my tongue back down to her slit and licked at it. She was leaning forward with her hands on the edge of the tub as I ate her out from behind, my fingers manipulating her clitoris. 

My mouth engulfed her pussy, my hand being replaced by my tongue on her clit. She cried out. But I was too horny to keep licking her. I didnt want my condom to go to waste, so I stood up behind her while she quivered and moaned, trying to regain control of herself. 

I let my fat cock club her ass cheek, slapping at her a few times. 

Put it in! she gasped insistently.

I ran my thick cock down the crack of her ass as she bent over further for me. I ran the head down her slit until it reached the entrance to her treasure. 

I pushed forward, I could feel her tight, hot pussy stretch wide and allowing the first couple of inches of my dick to penetrate inside. She moaned. 

While the shower beat down on my back, I pulled my dick out of her. I could see the pink lips of her pussy pull outwards along with my thick cock as I withdrew it. I put it back in position and pushed hard. 

She cried as I forced more than half of my huge dick into her. I grabbed the soft sides of her tanned ass and began to fuck her wet pussy using only half of my dick. She needed to get used to my size. Then Lara purred. My cock felt so nice gliding in and out of her twat like that. Then I jammed my entire cock into her, pressing my groin hard against her ass. 

I loved how her hot pussy gripped my manhood, and I began to really fuck her from behind. I slapped against her ass over and over, causing her cheeks to shake with every impact. 

She moaned with each stroke of my long rod slamming into her needy cunt over and over again. The rhythmic slapping went on as my groin hit against her wet ass. Her tits were swinging back and forth to the rhythm as my stiff rod filled her hole faster and faster. She let out a long moan. 

Her cunt was pulsating around my cock as I continued to jackhammer into her. But then after what must have been twenty minutes, I felt myself losing it. This chick was just too hot, and seeing her all wet like this, seeing her beautiful assthat was all it took.

I grunted, and then managed crudely, Can I cum on your face?

Yes! she gasped, smiling.

My long cock slid all the way out of her horny pussy, and she scrambled onto her knees before me.

I pulled off my rubber and stroked my long, nearly ten inches of dick directly in front of her. That oh, so beautiful face smiling up at me. 

Then I groaned, prick jerking in my hand. 

A long, thick stream of semen sprayed out the end and splashed on Laras face, the stream hitting from the bottom of her forehead, across her right eye to her cheek. 

She was barely able to blink in time before the hot fluid hit her face. She now had just one eye open as my dick spasmed again. 

This time my cum shot underneath her eye on her upper cheek. I was cumming faster now, but with less force as I covered her tanned cheeks with my sticky substance. She eagerly grabbed my cock in her small hand and stroked it. 

Some more jizz appeared on the tip of my cock and she licked it off. 

With our initial lust sated, Lara wiped my magnificent load of cream off her face. We stood up and exchanged a few kisses before I grabbed a towel from the wall and wrapped it around my waist. I walked out of the bathroom as Lara started toweling off and I realized that I was stiffening up again. Fuck it was like my dick was made out of steel and the musky odor of our sex in the place was so hot. I walked back in to Cheryls room to check out the picture of us taken at prom while I waited for Lara to come out, and hopefully the opportunity of another fuck or a blowjob.

Just them I froze at the sound of the door opening. Cheryl was coming in, sighing with exhaustion but humming softly to herself. Would she walk into her own room to find me standing in front of her bed, naked, very aroused, and wrapped in a towel? 

So, naturally, I just stood there for a few minutes, not relaxing. I slowly walked to the door of her room and peeked around the corner. There were three shirts on the floor. Two I assumed belonged to Lara and Cheryl. The third belonged to a tall, leggy black woman, probably Sabine, who was draping herself across the couch.

And she was not wearing a bra.

Droplets of sweat gleamed as they formed on her small, but very firm breasts, and on her little cone-shaped nipples. Occasionally a drop would start to fall down her ebony skin. She ran her hand lazily along her incredibly long, slim torso and legs. Cheryl was also not only topless but had stripped down to just her panties.

Cheryl sidled up to Sabine, coming to rest on the couch next to Sabines head. Her left hand gently stroked Sabines forehead. 

Cmon, she whispered seductively, Lets get to my room and close the door before our roommate comes out of the shower. 

I dont know if I can wait that long, baby, cooed Sabine in return.

She ran her long fingers up Cheryls thigh to her crotch and slipped her hand under Cheryls panties. 

This was better than HBO or Showtime. Cheryl squeezed her eyes shut and gasped.

But we only just met, she murmured between breaths. But its been so long since I.

Her last words were cut off by another gasp; with the agility of a veteran, Sabine had flipped Cheryl on her stomach, wrapped one of Cheryls legs around the other side of her head. Sabines head was bobbing up and down, and she was making slurping, guttural noises. Cheryls eyes were still squeezed shut, and she was whimpering rhythmically. Cheryl started to fondle herself: cupping her own breasts and stroking forward to pinch her own nipples, faster and faster, stopping now and then to reach down to her crotch, lubricating her hands with a mixture of Sabines saliva and her own now freely flowing pussy juice.

I was getting very absorbed in the feast before my eyes. Very absorbed in an uplifting kind of way. Sabines dark, firm ass bobbed in front of me. Suddenly I was overcome by the desire to climb on top of her and ride her like a bitch in heat. In fact I was so absorbed that I didnt realize I was now standing in the doorway until Lara came out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel.

Cheryl! exclaimed Lara surprised. 

Lara? she asked momentarily startled.

Then her eyes really popped open when she saw me standing there naked, wrapped in a towel that was tented with a massive erection.

Marc? she asked dumbfounded.

OHHHH, FUCK! she cried out, looking first at me, then at Lara, then quickly at me again, then even more quickly at Sabine. Scrambling wildly, she slid out from underneath her dyke pussy-diving companion like a teenager about to shoot off without a rubber.

Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! she exclaimed, naked as the day of her birth.

Her panties were somewhere in a corner of the room now, and she felt guiltily exposed to the entire world. She was naked, I was naked, Lara was naked and so was Sabine. Yep, everyone was pretty much bare-assed and from the look on Cheryls face, she was finding the whole situation very, very wrong. One thing that was clear was that Cheryl was gonna bolt out the door.

Cheryl, wait! called Lara, still standing in the bathroom doorway holding a toothbrush clamped between the thumb and forefinger of her hand, and the toothpaste coated the sides of her mouth and made her voice sound funny.

She dropped the toothbrush suddenly when the bath towel she was wearing promptly fell off. Her breasts fell out and bobbed noticeably as she quickly stooped to catch the towel around herself again. 

An incredible blush, having started on her nose and slightly freckled cheeks, spread like wildfire to the tops of those incredible tits, and I noticed it all. My dick, which had been going limp, got even harder when she covered up again. Suddenly I remembered where I was and clumsily tried to obscure my raging boner with both hands. 

Cheryl was at the hallway door in a flash, having snatched her raincoat off the floor near the couch and flung it over her body. Tears were streaming down her cheeks and her eyes turned almost as red as Laras blush.

Oh, shit! said Lara, a worried frown clouding her face.

She looked at me, and I looked back sheepishly, embarrassed more for her than for me. Lara looked back at Sabine, who had sat up on the sofa and held the knuckles of her right hand to her forehead, resting her elbow on the arm of the couch. She was still brazenly naked, and although she had plainly wiped Cheryls juices off her mouth, there was a faint sheen of sweat across her breasts and neck, and her breathing was irregular. She looked up and wrinkled her brow at Lara, who tied the towel more tightly around her body.

Shit is right, sister, said Sabine with a stupid, shit-eating grin on her face and she laughed lightly.

Well it seemed like the party was over for one night, so I grabbed my boxers off the floor in Cheryls room and put them on. I had to squeeze my dick into the resisting fabric. I darted back into the main room.

Ill go get her, I said, looking at Lara intently, not understanding myself.

I guess it was because we knew each other, but no one else here did.

No, replied Lara, walking quickly toward me.

She passed me and retreated into Cheryls room.

Id better do it. God only knows what she thinks of you right now. God only knows what shed do to you. This is definitely not a job for a man.

Lara picked up a few articles of her own clothing off the floor and hastily threw them on Cheryls bed. The towel came off, and she bent over to grab her jeans. 

I stole a look at her firm, ripe ass and the sides of her breasts, which were the only parts showing. I looked away, back into the main room, and Sabine rose from the couch and looked toward me.

Look, dont worry about it. Its probably my fault anyway, said Sabine, a wry smile on her face.

She wrinkled her brow and smoothed back her hair, completely oblivious, apparently, to the fact that she was completely nude. As her arms moved up and back, I saw her breasts slowly stretch from slightly sagging, to round, then pulled up at the sides, and then sort of squared off in front of the armpits as both arms leaned into a stretch behind her. Sabine shut her eyes and crunched her eyebrows, and then she quickly opened her eyes widely and looked straight at me. 

The effect was mesmerizing. Her dark brown nipples, hard and erect in the coolness of the main room, were unlike any I had ever seen before, and it wasnt just the color. She kept her gorgeous eyes fixated on me as she bent and picked up her shirt. Her breasts almost stayed completely still, they were so firm and tight. In a simple, graceful move, Sabine slipped the t-shirt over her head and pulled it down just past her cunt. 

Yeah, whats up with that? asked Lara, returning from Cheryls bedroom with her shirt scrunched up in both hands over her head.

I caught one last glimpse of her bouncing breasts as she moved quickly into the room again before the shirt covered them up defiantly once again. Her blush had faded, and now her eyes were tightened slightly in slits as she looked at Sabine, as if trying to comprehend.

Look, I just gave her a little booze at the mixer, we started dancing in a big group, and she kissed me, said Sabine, closing her eyes tightly while she said the words.

When she opened them again, they were staring straight at Lara.

Its weird, but she got all up on me, and she just leaned in and planted a pretty good one right on my lips.

Lara looked at me questioningly.

Hell, I said, shrugging and offering what little I knew, Its not like we ever went out or anything. Which might actually explain why we never went out.

I shot a glance back toward Sabine and grinned quickly, stupidly. Suddenly I felt really, really dumb.

Well, whichever one it is, pissed at you, pissed at me, pissed at him, or just plain embarrassed, sighed Lara, I guess Ill find out soon enough.

She grabbed a torn jean jacket off a chair just inside her own bedroom and walked toward the hallway.

Just tell the cops its me if they find somebody at the bottom of the lake with her eyes clawed out.

With a crooked smile toward me first and then Sabine, she left. 

Be good, Marc! she cried from the stairwell, just before the door to the hallway swung shut.

Her voice carried with it a note of distinct sarcasm, and I wondered how to take it. So I left my position and slumped into the couch, deep in thought. I ran a hand through my hair, staring out the window into the night. In front of me, Sabine gracefully fished her pants off the floor and slipped them on, buckling only the bottom of two belts on her slacks and leaving the fly open. 

So who the hell are you, besides Marc? said Sabine in a tone that seemed to me to be neither playful nor fully sarcastic.

Yo! Romeo! Is there anything I should know about you, I said, she pressed firmly, looking at me intently, bending over and holding her knees. Cheryl know you or something? 

Yeah, I replied. I sank back further into the couch.

Sabine was grinning again. Her teeth were perfect. They looked so smooth. Sabine pushed the hair out of her eyes again, but this time only with one hand and while bending over. Her breasts hung against the shirt, but I couldnt see down the neck. Her hair, done in an assortment of narrow braids, clicked together at the ends where little yellow clasps kept the thin braids from falling out. The sound was soothing somehow. 

We never dated or anything, I said, If thats what youre asking. We just went to high school together.

But she was in love with you? said Sabine, straightening herself out and then she sat down at the other end of the couch, reclining against the arm and looking right at me.

I cant image why, I said, scratching myself through my boxers.

I had sunk deep enough into the sofa that my bare skin didnt feel too cold in the now-chilly room. 

I was finally starting to feel relaxed again. 

Sabine slid nearer to me.

Yes? I asked in a whisper after a long pause.

There was something about Sabine that really put me on edge. Suddenly I felt my stomach turn inside out, and the blood rushed to my thighs, my cock swelling uncontrollably, and it poked out the top of my boxers. With one quick motion I shoved it back down between my legs before it burst out through the fabric. I should have put on my jeans. 

Baby, sighed Sabine, furrowing her brow teasingly, Have you got yourself all hot and bothered?

She smiled warmly and looked down at my crotch, then back up at my face. 

Dont make fun, I grumbled, crossing my arms in front of me and turning away.

My dick wanted to jump out and proclaim its ardent lust for Sabine and her tight boobs, beautiful teeth, and enchanting eyes, but I knew she was just playing around with me.

Hey now, cried Sabine, giving my leg a little shove and withdrawing her hand, What, do you think? Im a lesbian? You think I dont like guys?

I paused, reconsidering, but she didnt let me interject. 

Look, she scolded, voice rising, Just cause I like girls too doesnt mean I dont like dicks, asshole!

She glared at me reprovingly, then straightened her back and looked down at me with a closed-lip smile, I think you need convincing. 

Things began to move in the same kind of slow-motion that occurs whenever adrenaline rushes to your brain before an argument or a fight, or in the midst of a nasty accident that you see happening just before you cant possibly stop it. I looked up toward Sabine. She pulled her hair back from her head just as she had done twice before, and my eyes fell to her chest. Minutes passed, it seemed. Her breasts rose and stretched through the fabric, and I looked back at her face, which maintained the closed-lip smile, but I saw a sparkle in her eyes. She held her arms above her head for what seemed like infinity and took a deep breath, letting it sigh out of her lungs. She pursed her lips, and their fullness, already shocking, was enhanced even more. I wanted to kiss those lips so badly, wanted to feel them kissing me, lingering over my face, my neck, my chest, my dick.

Take it off. I want to see how much you want this, said Sabine, still stretching her arms back behind her head, as she glanced toward my crotch and then back up to my face.

She shook her head and her hair clacked together entrancingly. I grabbed my boxers, working them quickly off my hips and down to the ground. My mouth was dry, and I looked down and saw my dick beating slowly to the rhythm of my heart, rising quickly into the air. I looked back at her and felt like I had lost the power of speech.

I hadnt even felt this turned on with Lara! 

Wow, man, she said, Youre hung like a brother.

Bigger, I assured her.

Yes, you are. This is gonna be fun!

Sabine winked at me, smiled a wide, toothy smile, and pulled her shirt up and over her head. As the fabric left her body, it clung to her breasts and pulled them quickly up, and they snapped back into place and jiggled slightly. I felt saliva reenter my mouth and control return to my face, and I breathed deeply and let it out in slow pants. Somehow having seen them confined beneath the shirt, I appreciated her breasts a great deal more now. Sabine grinned and stretched her arms for me again. They were perfectly shaped for her body, not too big or too small, and the graceful lines describing the slopes of the undersides of her breasts back to her armpits were exquisitely formed. 

While stretching, she suddenly leaned forward and almost hit me right in the face with her chest, bringing her arms back around and taking my head in both hands. She growled in my left ear and bit it almost too hard, and I sat up away from the back of the couch, pushing her up with me. Her knees came around on either side of my hips, and my hands encircled her body and rubbed the flesh on her back. My fingers fanned out and stroked her warm, supple skin, feeling the ridges of her spine and following the upside-down ledges of her shoulder blades down and around to the spaces just behind and to the side of her tits. Her tongue splashed all over my ear, and her hot breath lit me up. I slid my hands, thumbs first, to her chest and enclosed both breasts in my fingers. My thumbs and second fingers squeezed and pinched her nipples, floating over the tight, hard flesh and then retreating to the skin around her nipples. 

Her pants-covered crotch rubbed back and forth against my dick, which had by now filled up completely and stood at attention. She crushed my lusty tool, first pushing it back against my abs, then forward and down towards my thighs. Her lips found mine, and she bit my lower lip and pulled it slightly away from my jaw. My hand left her breasts and slid down to her ass, where I felt the pocket ridges and seams catch at my fingernails. I slammed her ass harder onto my crotch with each rocking motion she made, intensifying the brutal treatment my willing rod was receiving. It was getting beat up, and I fucking loved it. Sabine slipped down to my neck and sucked and bit until I felt the blood rush in hot, itching torrents to the spot where she labored. Her hot breath smoked over my skin, and I felt delirious with lust. 

Sabine slipped her knees back and down to the floor, and she grabbed my cock in both hands, stroking it between her palms. I groaned and Sabine bent forward, slipping my dick between her breasts and pressing it into her modest cleavage, angled up so that the sensitive underside was rubbing against her skin the most. She paused and held my johnson motionless, staring at me with her mouth slightly open and her breathing deep but regular. 

I let out a long, low moan, shivering in delight and at the sudden coolness I was experiencing in her absence. I felt myself throb, and a small stream of glistening precum pushed out the end and ran down. 

Got a condom? asked Sabine.

She began to rub my dick with one hand while keeping it flat against her chest with the other. I looked down at her and swore that her breasts had swollen by a little amount; when she rubbed me, they swayed back and forth. I was mesmerized by their motion and had to concentrate when I suddenly felt an internal pulling in my dick. With relief, I headed off the ejaculation and sighed. Suddenly I remembered the question. 

Fuck! I said, blowing air in exasperation, remembering that it was already gone and I hadnt had a chance to go to the drug store yet and renew my supply.

I felt the blood begin slowly to leave my cock as I sighed with dejection, Of course youre not on the pill?

Nope, she replied.

She looked down and saw the rigidity of my shaft lessen slightly; it bent further back as she hugged it to her chest.

Hey, hey baby, she sang, pulling her eyebrows up and together, Dont you go anywhere on me. I thought for sure Larad have given you an extra.

Huh?

Shes got some fucking condoms, Marc! Didnt you use one before? 

Sabine let my cock fall out of her hand and got up, breasts swaying ever so slightly, I know she has a whole box of em right in her closet, and she told me about em, in case I ever needed one or something. I kinda thought she was bragging. I guess not.

I heard her rummaging through Laras closet. My dick, while still thick, had dwindled in size a little. My noticing it made it shrink a little more.

What the hell am I doing? I muttered to myself, Christ!

Two roommates in one night? I was gonna get a dangerous reputation before I even deserved it.

Sabine came back with one of those familiar foil squares in one hand. She circled around behind me and insinuating both arms under mine. She traced circles on my broad chest with one edge of the condom and slowly rubbed her breasts against my back.

I got one. Were okay, she cooed in my ear, shaking her head back, her locks clacked together again. 

What do I have to do, beg? whispered Sabine, sensing some indecision.

I felt the points of her nipples pressing into my back. I felt the exact spots of the contact, and she began to run her fingernails up and down my chest, down all the way to my crotch and back up again. My hands slowly met hers and covered them on their circulating paths around my body. 

Her right hand stole down to my balls and cupped them, and the tingling spread from my balls all the way up my spine and burst into my head, eliciting a shiver. Sabines left hand joined her right and curled around my expanding cock, slowly jacking up and down on the hot rod. The condom must have gone into a pants pocket or something. My hands left the backs of hers and traveled back behind my head, where I grasped hers and bent around to find her lips. I opened my mouth and met hers in an engaging kiss that soon evolved into some major frenching.

Sabine smacked her lips against mine and continued to pull on my dick until I completely lost control and spun around in place, grabbing both breasts and savagely fondling them. She groaned loudly but was almost completely muffled by my mouth. Her hands ran up and down my back as I continued stroking her breasts and palming the nipples, pushing her tits apart, then together, then both up. When I lowered my head to her chest and tried to suck in her left nipple, she pushed me away and backed toward the couch. 

She stood smirking, biting her lower lip. She ran her hands through her hair again, and I almost passed out. My dick swelled even higher than usual as I watched her breasts get pulled up and then out again.

Get in that fucking bedroom, asshole, growled Sabine in mid-stroke, her arms still extended above her head.

My knees were about to buckle beneath me, so I slowly turned around and looked into the dark bedroom that was Sabines and Laras. I started to shuffle inside, looking over my shoulder at Sabine, who kept her arms raised while following me, and then dropped them quickly. I stepped through and into the darkness, and Sabine switched on the light and quickly closed the bedroom door.

Get on the bed, she commanded, pointing to the bed just to the left of the door.

The other one must be Laras. 

I lay down obediently, my raging hard-on pointing straight up into the air. Sabine slipped the condom packet out of her back pocket, threw it on my chest, and then fumbled with the fastened belt buckle on her pants. I picked up the foil and looked at it, almost completely missing the show in front of me. Sabine had undone her pants, and she pulled them off her hips and let them slump to the floor. Naked, she was breathtaking in the clear light of the bedroom, and I gasped, but she didnt let me have a good look. The vision of her smooth, brown body with its beautiful curves, dark hair on her mound, and hair in braids reaching past her shoulders imprinted itself in my brain. I swallowed hard again.

She quickly kneeled over me, grabbed my dick and held it right in front of her cunt, which was already dribbling juices down one thigh.

Gimme that thing, she said, nodding at the foil wrapper.

I fumbled with the package and finally tore it open, handing the rolled-up rubber to her. She jacked me quickly, running her fingers up and down my instrument, playing it hard, and her breasts heaved. It was a normal size condom made for an average sized man, not one of the extra large ones I preferred for comfort. My dick was well on its way to being twice the length and width of an average dude. It was so tight that when she placed the roll on the head of my dick, I thought Id cum right then and there, and I to struggle for control.

She rolled the condom down my dick and pulled the tip out a little when she was done, just like youre supposed to. And I was actually about to say something, having fought off another orgasm, when Sabine suddenly reared up and slipped my condom-clad dick right into her cunt. I watched it disappear into her depths in one long dive, and my breath caught. I felt the pull of the latex as I slid inside. She was so hot; I thought I wouldnt be able to last more than a minute. 

Sabine bent forward in a quick motion and hit the pillow on either side of my head with her elbows. Her face hovered slightly above mine. Her dark brown eyes swallowed me up, and I stared deeply into them.

Relax, she sighed, shaking her head, like I was a virgin on prom night or something, Let me do the work on that big donkey dick of yours.

She smiled and began a long, slow grind.

The pleasure of the motion boiled up, and as she reached the base of my dick, her clitoris was forced back into her pubic bone and rubbed between it and my soft flesh. Sabine moaned, closing her eyes and mashing her breasts against my chest. I moved my hands up to her ass, and I stroked and fondled both cheeks lovingly. When she pulled herself back off me, I let up on the pressure, and when she thrust forward again, I pushed her further down onto my dick. The feeling was sensational. I was buried in the tightest, warmest, smoothest place I thought Id ever felt, and the condom was actually helping me keep from shooting off. 

Sabine grunted, sliding her pelvis up and then back down again more quickly than before. She bit her lip and hovered about a foot from my face.

Damn, she moaned, increasing the speed with which she sheathed and unsheathed my dick in her vagina, This is the biggest dick I ever had!

When she started to pick up speed, I shifted my hands from her ass to her tits. They swayed up and down ever so slightly with the fucking, and I lazily stroked them in and out of reach as they went up and away from me and then back down again with her movements. I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, and opened them again, staring right into hers.

I grabbed her nipples and pinched them. She closed her eyes for a second but opened them again, still not looking at me. I pinched again, harder, and she moaned and closed her eyes, but still kept her gaze fixated on some object to my left and over my shoulder. I used my fingernails, and I literally gouged her nipples, starting softly and then building the pressure until her moan grew into a low wail. She shoved her pelvis onto me, and I felt the tightness increase and my cock throb in response. She was looking straight into my eyes now, and her motions slowed but picked up tremendously in intensity. It was like she was taking me in all the way up to my ass or something. I felt like my whole body was a giant piston inside her cunt, and I suddenly had to concentrate on something else to keep from spraying. 

I scrunched up my lower body, trying to slide my head down to her chest, and she obliged me, riding higher up and bending my dick flatter against my belly. My mouth found her nipple, and I bit her harder than I intended to. The pulling sensation was reaching a critical level, and I lost myself in passion. Sabine cried out in ecstasy and unexpectedly shifted into double-time on my dick. Pumping like a mad dog, she heaved her pelvis up and down on me in such a fashion that my breath was crushed out of me, and I wheezed on her breasts while I continued to chew and lick her right nipple. She quickly forced my other hand over to her left nipple, and I began to twist and pull it as well.

We were drenched in sweat, and Sabine was near exploding. The perspiration dribbled off her forehead and onto the pillow directly below her. Her pubic bone dug into the soft flesh above my dick, and I almost cried out in pain as her thrusts became more and more powerful. Yet the pain somehow turned me on so much that my dick swelled and pulsed inside her tight cunt. 

Sabine let out the wail of a warrior, intensifying her efforts to an incredible degree. The whole bed was shaking and creaking, and I could barely manage a breath in between being squished by her pistoning body. Her breasts jiggled back and forth, her nipples almost felt as hard as my teeth, and her clit had sunk back away from her hole.

She bawled after a deep breath, and her thrusts gradually lost their strength. I felt my entire body wet; my crotch felt like it was underwater, and her cunt felt entirely new. It was suddenly looser, which was saying something, and my dick continued to sway in and out and around inside. I backed off from her nipples with my teeth and merely sucked them between lip and tongue and made little circles. She had come, and come buckets, and my dick felt like it was going to explode. 

Need . . . something . . . else? gasped Sabine, riding out the last of her orgasm atop me.

Her face was limp, like the rest of her body, but she suddenly came back to life and began to rub her crotch against mine again, but with less vigor.

Ah, I groaned. I buried my face in her cleavage, and she reached down and clamped her breasts around my face. Sabine pushed herself onto me exceptionally hard, and my dick suddenly clenched up and began its lightning-fast climb to orgasm. My eyes shot open, and I started moaning. Deep inside her, my dick began its spasming, releasing semen inside the rubber. 

I had held it for as long as I could. The feeling was incredible, and my pumping seemed like it lasted for a whole minute. When I was finally done, I crumpled back onto the blanket. Sabine slipped my dick out of her dripping cunt, holding onto the open end of the rubber, which had miraculously held out, and rolled off me. She pulled me up so that I could rest my head on the pillow, and she laid her head back into the depression between my shoulder and neck. 

Whew, was all that I could manage to mutter and I closed my eyes in utter satisfaction. Its been one hell of a first day.

* * *

Copyright  2005, 2009 by Eagle1. All rights reserved. All characters portrayed in this story are meant to be over the legal age to consent to sexual activity. Any similarity to characters or situations, real or imagined, is purely coincidental. Unless you happened to be there of course. May be reprinted without permission of author in materials distributed free of charge or on websites where there is no fee charged for access, provided this copyright notice is attached.