The rest of the day was just horrible. After Fiona and I had made some half hearted recovery in the girls toilet it was lunch time. We made our way to the play ground and sat on a bench seat in our dresses, awkwardly dealing with the fact that our short dresses kept riding up and affording the many nearby boys glances of our pantied vulvas. In fact many of the boys had cottoned onto the fact that our snatches were frequently put on display and found reason to stay near us. Several times my breasts forced me to display lingering, widely spread legs to some of the boys who gaped at the curvaceous emptyness of my cunt. I was stuck in a sexual nightmare.

The bell rang to herald our next lesson - physical education. Following some of the other girls to the p.e. hall I discovered that we had gymnastics and that I was expected to get changed into a tightly fitting leotard to participate. My breasts tingled again to remind me of my need to comply, so despite my revulsion I walked into the girls change room where the other girls were in the process of getting changed. Many of the girls had the tight fitting black leotards on, snugly moulding to their girlhoods and exentuating the large bulges of their breasts and the tight flatness of their cunts. Some girls had taken their clothes off whilst changing and my watering eyes lingered upon their very empty vulvas , their dickless emptyness further exentuated by the vulva lips that spliced the space where they would otherwise have a penis and balls - were they boys instead of girls. My own locker contained a leotard of the same kind and, at the insistence of my breast brains, I found myself taking off my dress, my hated vulvoid panties and bra. As the change room emptied of the other girls I found myself standing in the girls change room nude, staring down at my breasts and my flat cunt as I was made to pull on the leotard.

The leotard grabbed and held my hated girls body in a very intimate way. I hated the sensation and the utterly female look that the leotard gave me. There was no way to hide the rounded emptyness between my legs nor the huge rounded bulk of my breasts that thrust so obviously from my chest. I tried to scream but could not. Instead I had to endure an afternoon of activity that provided endless reminder of my girlhood, from the lingering looks of the p.e. teacher who kept staring at my vulva and breasts, to the gymnastics that so often had me spreading my legs to reveal my horendous flatness and the inumerable experiences of my cunt lips pulling apart as I spread my legs wide... I was even made to straddle and rock on the 'horse' so that my dickless mound ground into and rocked up and down on the padded wooden structure.

By the end of the day I was in a mess, but remembering my anger over the raping of poor Fiona, I began planning my revenge...

That afternoon Fiona and I stuck together at the girls home, wanting to attract the attention of the Genetech thug who had raped Fiona so soon after her sex change. He soon came by and I made a point of flashing my snatch at him, trying to get him aroused. From the sheer number of times I caught him staring and me I knew I had achieved my objective. In asking Fiona when she was raped, we soon worked out that it was when he got off shift at 8pm...

At 7pm we were sent to our rooms and I began meditating, trying to get some connection with my panties and breasts. I closed my eyes and tried to vividly recreate the scene from yesterday where I was ordered to change Fiona into a girl. I thought it was not working when I felt my panty edges suddenly grip my skin. I gasped and stared between my legs to see the gusset had started to engorge... Stifling a cry I realised I was about to be raped for the 2nd time... I shuddered at the thought but remembered my plan and then closed my eyes trying to keep the illusion in place for my breasts and panties. The panties engorged and soon reached the large bulk they had yesterday before they began fucking me. It was 7.30 when I felt the first movement from the gusset as it began preparing to force its panty penis into my vagina. I began to cry as the movement became more pronounced - I was made to grab the mound and rub it up and down against my cunt, the sensation causing my cunt to become wet and ready for the panty penis to begin to rape me. I soon felt the bulk begin to push my foul cunt lips aside. The gusset began quivering rythmically, more strongly each time and within a minute I gasped and quietly screamed as it finally pushed past my lips and slid deep into my vagina. It was every bit as horrific a sensation as yesterday.

Despite my hating the feeling, my girls body reacted to the sensation and became aroused. I stared at the horrific sight betwen my legs - the throbbing mound that I could feel alternately thrusting deep inside my hated vaginal passage and next pulling out to form a large bulge in the gusset of my vulvoid panties. I was being raped.

The thrusting continued whilst, against my will, my body began to climax and several minutes later, moaning in time with the panty penis vioating entry into my alien vaginal passage - I came and so did the panties. I felt their foul load dumped deep inside my body and I felt the slop of the pany cum ooze into my womb.... My revenge had begun.

the next 15 minutes I merely lay crying on my bed as I felt my insides churn whilst another revolting vulvoid panty gew inside me. By 8pm I was beginning to feel mild contractions and my stomach was slightly distended with the growth in my womb. My heart jumped when I heard the door open and I saw the hated henchman enter - a young and arrogant man in his early 20's.

'You've saved me some time bitch! You need to be punished for your lack of co-operation!' he said as he locked the door and began to pull his pants down.

'Spread your legs now!' he said as he pulled his jocks off to reveal a raging hard on. 'You will let me fuck you - that is an order!' he said arrogantly

I made a show of pretending I wanted nothing to do with it and even made him think that my breasts were forcing me... The reality was that, despite the horror of knowing I would soon have a real penis deep inside the cunt that I hated so much - the thought of what was to happen made me shut this off.

I spread me legs and screamed quietly as the man pushed his penis between my vulva lips and I felt his long shaft push deep inside me. I could feel the shape of his penis inside me and it felt different to my panties penis. Looking down I saw human sex from the girls perspective - my flat mouth and cunt lips moulding around the huge member that was thrusting in and out of me. I could feel the shaft of his penis against my hated cunt lips, and also inside my vagina. It was a horrific sight and sensation to me and so I screamed 'You bastard! You fucking bastard! You are responsible for my girlhood! I hate this body! I hate this thing between my legs!'.

He just laughed and began thrusting in and out and as he did so I felt the familiar stirings of the birthing contractions deep inside me. I was in pain now, grunting as he thrust into me and the new panties pushed past my cervix and into my vagina. Little did the bastard man know that his penis was inches from a life and body changing parasite - the vulvoid panties.

He kept thrusting obvlivious and I began to scream again as the panty birthing made my vagina violently contract. I could feel the bulk of the panty sac in my vaginal passage and shortly it had reached the point in my vagina that the mans thrusting penis also reached from the other direction. Soon the mans penis began to push into the birthing sac and he gave me a quizzical look as he found the obstruction with his cock. He pushed harder and soon the birthying sac was copping a good pounding from his penis.

I felt the moment that he ruptured the sac with his cock. The new panties inside the sac sensed their target - male genitals and thrust forward, latching onto his cock with the cilla like edges. I saw a look of surprise on his face that soon turned to panic as he pushed himself off me. His cock did not freely slide out and he began to scream as he had to pull and pull to get it free from my cunt. I felt enormous pain as he dragge his cock out with the writhing new vulvoid panties firmly attached to and wrapped around his shaft. Whilst pulling free he stared at my cunt and his cock and screamed 'Oh god no!' when he saw the first hint of the blue panties on his emerging penis shaft. He was like a wild man, desperately pulling free - hurting me with the sheer force of his effort. My vulva lips were being pulled widely apart and my vagina felt as though I had a large object being pulled through it.

When his cock finally pulled free from my cunt we both stared at his panty wrapped cock in terror - the panties moved like lightning, faster than he could move they slithered around and unfurled to properly position themselves on his body. He screamed again as he took in the sight of a pair of light blue girls panties - living vulvoid panties - now properly in place on his body, his arse and cock now a prisoner of a life form that now would change him into a girl like me.

'Now you can enjoy the violation and horror of a girls body!' I shouted at him. He began to scream and pull desperately at the panties. I walked to him, stared at him whilst my breasts casually sprayed him with the nerve agent that would shut him up whilst he endured his body's hijack. He just slid onto the floor and whimpered whilst the gusset on his panties began their telltale engorgement that preceeds the sex change.

I sat on the floor and sobbed, staring at my cunt and breasts whlist his gusset engorged. He stared with terrified eyes at the panties between his own legs and at my own foul girl parts. I walked to him, thrust my bald cunt in his face before saying 'check it out - you'll have one soon too! It feels just like it looks, a flat mouthed void between your legs - I hate it and so will you!'

 
The Genetech man was hyperventilating as he observed the panties gusset engorge to the size of an orange, I could see the pain on his face and I remembered again my own balls and cock feeling terribly squashed under the same bulk when my own vulvoid panties were engorged like his. The large mound began to quivver and soon began to slowly beat, slightly at first then more and more obviously. I knew they were about to pump their virst load of X Virus into the mans body - and so did he. He looked at me with sad and terrified eyes and then spasmed as the panties engorged gusset suddenly deflated - pushing its liquid contents into his body and down his penis shaft. He was in agony now, feeling his manhood ruptured by a load of x virus. The gusset reinflated and again pumped into his body, and the pace gradually picked up until within a few minutes he had the telltale throbbing mass between his legs. I knew that his pain would now be subsiding, replaced by a much worse feeling - shrinking! His cock and balls were already loosing mass - being reabsorbed into his changing body.

The throbbing continued despite the mans frequent groans and quiet screaming. It was another 10 minutes of pulsation before the first dramatic change began to occur... He screached suddenly and my eyes flicked to his chest where we both saw his nipples begin to grow into girl's nipples. He was crying now as we saw the new girls nipples begin to rise off his chest as his breasts grew from within. Tears streamed down his face as the breast mounds grew and grew - and I found myself fascinated enough to cup one of the growing breasts in my hand and feel it virtually inflate into my hand. It took about 5 minutes in total for his breasts to reach full size - medium large but perfectly firm breasts that looked so bizarre on his still male-looking body.

I stared between his legs and saw how much smaller his cock and balls were when the panties throbbing mass deflated. I wanted him to suffer, so I grabbed the trobbing panty mass in my hand and squeezed - each time they deflated I could feel his cock and balls beneath, before the engorging phase of the panties throbbing filled my hand with its bulk. 'They're getting much smaller now - I can feel them in here, your dick and balls... How does it feel? To know that you're going to loose them and have a cunt between your legs very soon?' I asked him with a sneer. All he could do was quietly scream and try to limply move.

I could also see his stomach, above the line of the panties, slowly writhing as though something beneath was moving inside him. I knew that this would be his womb, ovaries and other internal girls organs growing in his abdominal cavity. Suddenly he arched his back raising his hips ,and the throbbing panties between his widely spread legs, off the ground. I kept my hand in place, feeling the change between his legs between each pulsation of the throbbing panties. He screamed quietly as his hips widened and the bone of his pelvis remade itself into a girls pelvis - his pubis bone pushing forward a tad and the space between his legs widening to make room for his forthcoming birth canal. I felt the space between his legs widen beneath my hands and also felt his penis and balls become dramatically smaller at the same time. I removed my hand and felt between my own legs, the same space between my own legs had lips - his did not yet.

The next 10 minutes were hell to watch as his balls and penis were finally absorbed and his vulva slit began to form. I periodically touched the space between his legs out of fascination and to further torment him. The former henchman's body had passed the point of simply having no dick - it was now starting to form labia lips. I saw the first little indent of the new labia near his arse. Each contraction of the panties revealed more carnage to his former manhood, and whilst we both watched terrified I kept glancing between my own legs and touching my girls mouth - tracing the length of my cunt lips as I visually tracked their growing length between his legs. Occasionally I would grab the throbbing panties again to feel the shape beneath, pushing my fingers into the slit as it lengthened in the void where his cock and balls once were. The almost-girl heaved a wracking sob each time my hand forced the contracted panty fabric into the forming slit. My hand was constantly pushed out of the way by the reinflation of the panties as they continued their frenzied throbbing between his legs. I wanted to remind him intimately of the shape of his genitals as they morphed into the vulva they were becoming.

He now looked very female, his face had even begun to round out and his facial hair had fallen out and his skin had softened. All ofa sudden he found his voice and screamed 'Oh god!!!! Help me!!!! Help me please!!! Doctor!!!! I am becoming a girl!!! Nooooooo!!!! Not me!!! Please Noooo!!! Help me - I dont want to be a girl!!!' His voice jumped and octave or two and now sounded very girlish.

He made so much noise that the doctor actually heard him and opened the door. The look of shock on his face as he saw his own henchman writhing on the floor in the final stages of a sex change. The former henchman's eyes widened and he scream again 'Oh god!!! No!!!! VAGINA... VAGINA!!!! Help me doctor please! I can feel the fucking vagina forming!!! Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!'

The doctor looked at me and then looked at the new girl and simply said - 'you know its irreversable, you are a girl like the other now. How did this happen?'.

The new girls panties began to slow and soon stopped, her trembling hand grabbed her vulva for the first time and she screamed all the more, her desparate shaking fingers feeling the void where her cock and balls once were. She locked eyes with me and said 'She did this to me!!!!'

'He raped me!' I told the doctor 'and Fiona yesterday - so I made my panties inseminate me before he arrived. Now he knows the horror you inflicted on me and the others!'

'Oh god! I had my cock in her... Then this terrible feeling happened - I felt these fucking panties inside her - they grabbed my dick, wrapped themselves onto me... I pulled out of her but they were so quick... They slithered onto me... Then she sprayed me and ... Oh god!!! Im a girl!!! Noooooo!!!!!' She sreamed again. Her panties were releasing their grip upon her body and she thrust a frantic hand down their front to cup her vulva for the first time. 'Oh god! Its so flat! Ive got a slit! A cunt slit!!!1 Noooo!!!! I can feel my hand touching it! Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!' She screamed again

The doctor looked shocked and said 'I cant deal with this right now! I dont know how you could have tricked your breasts into letting this happen! Anyway - sorry for your loss John, but you are now just one of the girls - get used to it! You can stay in Lisa's room until I can arrange other lodgings and a full investigation!' And with that he left - locking the door behind him.

The new girl screamed all the more 'No! no! please doctor! Do something! come back pleeeeeaasse!!!!' and she broke down crying again. Her hand was still holding her cunt beneath her panties and she gasped suddenly as her nipples became suddenly engorged. Her previously still hand began to move up and down against her vulva and she began to gasp. It was clear to me that she was about to experience her first female masturbation and orgasm. I remembered my own first experience - the utterly alien and horribly flat and invasive feel of my cunt, the soft lips and warm slit where I once had a cock and balls - and that most horrible of female accessories - my vagina, pushing deep inside my body....

'Stop it! Please stop my hand, I cant control it! I dont want to touch it - no!!!! please!!!!' the new girl begged as her hand worked faster and faster between her legs. Suddenly she screamed and gasped at the same time and it was obvious from the angle of her hand that she had been made to stick her fingers into her vagina for the first time. Her hips bucked off the floor and her frenzied hand and pumping hips soon had her moaning and gasping in short bursts. Shortly thereafter she came in a screaming wail of disbelief. She pulled her hand from her panties and watched in tears as her writhing panties lapped up her cunt juices and she experienced the deep rythmic swallowing of her first vaginal orgasm, staring at the flat, yet curvaceous pubic mound and occasionally at her large ripe breasts.

'Welcome to the club' I said to her as I walked over and picked up my own vulvoid panties off the floor. I pulled the hated lifeforms up my legs and felt their horrific form cup my own damned girlhood. For some reason they began to puff up in the front and then deflate as though breathing. They were not raping nor masturbating me, they beat slowly between my legs like they were breathing in and out. Each time they deflated their living fabric cupped my vulva and the sensation served to remind me or my loss of my penis and balls. I sat on the floor and began to cry again as I watched the terrible panties respirating on my cunt and watching the new girl sob as her panties still writhed whilst absorbing her new cunt's first female ejaculation meal.

She looked up at me and said 'please god... help me!, I dont want to be like this...'

I looked at her with pity and said 'Genetech dont know what they have done... You turn us into girls, grow intelligent breasts on us to control us and expect us to be host to these fucking panties! You think we will simply follow your instructions - but what you dont get is that these panties, these breasts - this host body have a different imperative now - survival! I could feel my breast brains helping me when I did that to you! I am so afraid now that these vulvoid panties wont just be contained! If I can escape I will... Either willingly or otherwise I am going to turn others into vulvoid girls... We will grow in number like some hideous female vampire coven.... Until vulvoids are all that are left...'

The new girl screamed 'No!!!!!' and grabbed her breasts and cunt

'Yes its true... tonight changed things.... now get some rest, your first night is a nightmare of forced masturbation and acclimatisation to your new enslaved body...'

To me continued....

VISIT THE VULVOID HOME PAGE AT:
http://www1.asstr.org/~SexChange/index.htm