Jan, 2007, Part Two

The thunder rolled over the mountains behind my trailer and shook the walls as it boomed. I watched out the window as the first drops of rain began to fall and streak the pane in little rivulets. It was hot and sultry so I opened the window to let the breeze in to cool my mobile home.

Gusts rattled the mini blinds as I stood in front of the window letting the air play across my naked nipples. I spread my legs open and shivered at the delicious sensations running up and down my body as the breeze hit the moisture as it seeped out of my swollen little cunt. I was panting softly and lightly touching my nipples to tease them as my breasts started swelling and getting puffier and rounder as my nipples grew longer and longer.

I always have had people stare at me in amazement at how much my breasts swell in size when I get turned on. When I wear a bra, which is almost never, they will pooch out the sides and top like a cake rising over the rim in the oven, until the pain is terrible and I have to rip it off or die.

The rain picked up and drops flew in the window and spattered my hot little body and I slowly smeared the cool water over my nipples and down on my cunt lips as I stood with my head back enjoying the tingly feeling in my cunt lips as the blood flowed into them and they got bigger and puffier. I was sooo turned on!

It was late afternoon, which is when thunder storms usually hit up here in North Idaho, and the air was thick and humid in between wind gusts so I started to sweat and little beads slid down to my nipples over the rubbery round cones of my breasts, and then fell and dribbled down over my flat stomach and into the crack in my outer cunt lips and teased my clit as it swelled out of its little protective hood.

I worked my fingers in tiny circles down over my stomach and then between my wet lips. I flicked my clit ever so gently and jerked as the shock waves ran up my spine and tingled in my brain.

The sky turned darker and darker as lightening bolts ran up and down the valley under the peaks, putting on a static show for me as I ran my fingers up my hot little cunt and spread my lips wide to allow the breeze to cool my hot inner walls. I was panting and gasping as I fingered myself and I moaned at each wave as it broke over me, building higher and higher into an orgasm.

I wanted it to last a long time so I stopped and went into my bedroom and put on a little white smock with buttons all the way up the front. Then I opened the back door and walked out on the deck as the rain made my dress almost invisible immediately. It clung to my breasts and fell into my rear end crack and teased my puckered hole as the front plastered itself to my mound.

It was almost pitch black out now and when the bolts of lightening flashed I looked down at my virtually naked body glowing white under my thin dress. I sat down in the chaise lounge and shivered at the cold webbing until my body heat warmed it as I moved back and forth over the wet plastic. I reached down and released the sides of the lounger so I could stretch out flat and raised my arms up and grabbed the top of the chaise as I rolled slowly back and forth letting the wet material tease my nerve endings.

The rain kept increasing until it was like lying in a shower with the faucet all the way on and turned to pulsate, as waves of water blew across me and I sighed as it buffeted me back and forth, which rubbed my sensitive little buns on the webbing through the wet dress.

I ran my fingers up to the first button and slipped it out of the hole and then slid down to the next one and undid it, too. I spread the flaps open and panted as the water hit my nipples which were now exposed to the elements. It felt like millions of little fingers flicking and poking at my stiff ends and I licked my lips and moaned as I rolled back and forth.

I raised one knee and tugged the dress up my legs and undid the buttons from the hem up to my waist. Then I put my leg back down and slowly opened the dress until I felt the rain pummel my cunt lips and I gasped and shuddered as the drops flicked my clit over and over.

I felt certain that nobody would be out in this downpour but I was also having an adrenaline rush knowing I might be seen which made the thrilling sensations all the more excruciatingly intense. I was vibrating wildly from head to toe as I undid the last button and slid the dress open so my entire body could feel the raindrops caress every inch of my skin.

I threw my head back and arched my back as the rain continued to bring me closer and closer to the edge. I grabbed the top of the chaise and jerked up off the webbing as the first shock wave shot through my cunt and up to my nipples. I gasped for air and jerked over and over thrashing all over the lounger as contractions tugged me this way and that unmercifully! As each one hit my breath shot out in a big "unh!", and just as I gasped in another gulp of air it happened again. It was so strong, and so wild, and so great feeling that I wanted it to last forever! It was the combination of the heavy rain and my thrusting fingers that made it so intense. My breasts were slippery as I tugged my nipples up in the air and shrieked into the wind as I fucked the rain and my hand harder and harder until I thought I would literally die from pleasure.

As I slowly came down, still jerking intermittently from the aftershocks, I pulled my soaked dress up over my throbbing hot body and lay there enjoying being washed by the storm. Then the rain started to let up and the sun peeked out between the black thunderheads and shone on my body through the dress and I swooned at the rush of the heat surging back into my skin.

I spread my legs and pulled the dress aside to let the sun dry my sore little cunt lips. God, I love the sun! It makes me sooo horny always, no matter where I am or what I'm wearing. I stretched as the dress slid to the deck and I arched my back and rolled back and forth getting more turned on with each movement from the wet webbing teasing my rear end.

I rolled over onto my stomach and reached above my head and grabbed the top of the chaise and began to slide up and down over the slick plastic bands which teased my nipples and clit until I was panting again and starting to leak moisture out of my cunt. My wet body glistened in the sunlight as I humped the chaise faster and faster. Then I raised my rear end up in the air and ran my fingers down my crack and stuck one up my puckered hole as I pushed  my other hand under me and shoved my fingers up into my wet cunt again.

I pummeled in and out as I drove myself wild until another huge orgasm smacked into me and I gasped for air as I gushed on my hand and my juices splashed on the deck through the webbing of the lounger.

Just then I jerked back to reality when I heard the hiss of tires on the wet pavement as a car was coming up the road out in front of my mobile home. I rolled over and grabbed my dress and bolted through my back door, just in time, as I saw a black Honda come into view at the end of the turnaround. My heart was doing pit a pats as I stood there gasping for air. "Man oh man, was that close!" I thought, as I went over to the sink to wring out my dress. If he had been just a few seconds earlier he would have seen me jerking in the throes of that violent orgasm and I would have been busted big time.

But then again, that's what it is all about for me, the thrill of doing it in public and possibly being seen makes it oh so delicious when I come somehow, more so than just doing it inside by myself. So I'm an exhibitionist, I guess. But what a rush!!!

I put my dress in the dryer and went into my bathroom and dried my hair and body. Then I pulled another button up shift out and slid it on over my naked body and shivered at the feel of the silk sliding over my nipples and tummy and rear end. I grasped the front and moved it back and forth and moaned with pleasure as the nerve endings in my skin fired on and off.

I needed to go to Wally World for some groceries so I jumped in my little Metro and shot out of the park in a cloud of dust and a hearty "Hi oh Silver". Well, not really, but I thought that always sounded really cool, you know? I giggled to myself as I drove out onto the highway which led north into town.

The storm was all gone as I walked across the parking lot and through the doors into the cool store. The static cling in my shift plastered it to my body and I panted as I walked through the store, and all the men ogled my body which was showing through the silk like it was a second skin. It didn't take a whole lot of imagination to see that I was totally naked under the dress. I watched my reflection in the freezer doors and grinned at myself as I smoothed the silk tight against my hard nipples which were poking out making little bumps under the top.

I watched the box boys stare and wet their lips and I shuddered as I realized how bad they probably wanted to fuck me. I pushed my mound against the produce bin and twinges ran up my cunt lips as I wiggled to put pressure on my clit through the thin silk. I put the celery in my cart and got the rest of my stuff and went up to check out.

The punk rocker wannabe girl stared at my dress and hard nipples and panted softly as she passed the groceries over the bar scanner, never taking her eyes off my breasts and clearly defined mound under my little shift. Then she looked up into my eyes and jerked and gasped when I winked at her and ran the tip of my little pink tongue around my lips.

She screwed up the change, she was so flustered, and I grinned as I walked back out to my car. The little Metro was hotter than heck as I slid into the seat. I edged out into traffic and let the breeze from the windows cool my sweaty forehead.

It's about a ten mile trip to my trailer from Wal-Mart, so I was soaked in sweat after only going a few miles in the stop and go traffic. I opened the top buttons on my dress and fanned my hot breasts as the sweat trickled down over my stomach and between my legs. I looked over at the car stopped next to me and the hunk driving it smiled and nodded hello. I nodded back and realized my top was open enough that he was getting quite a show.

I blushed but left it open, enjoying his gaze as he stared down my dress front at my erect pink nipples. We moved forward a few car length and he came up alongside again as I opened the buttons on the bottom of my dress to let my cunt cool off. I spread my legs as much as possible in the little cramped car and the edge of the dress slid off my thigh so he could see all of my leg clear up to where the vee of my hips meets. I knew when I felt it go that he also could see my shaved cunt lips and I shivered at the thought. I reached down and fanned the skirt back and forth to cool me as he stared and panted.

His shoulder was moving so I knew he was getting off watching me and that really turned me on. I slipped the last button out and let the side slide all the way open and he gasped and jerked as I'm sure he creamed his pants at the same time that an orgasm shot through me and jerked me up off of my seat. I held on to the steering wheel as the contractions yanked me around.

 Then the traffic started to move and he nodded and mouthed thank you and blew me a kiss as we sped up with the flow and got separated. I saw him take down my license number and I waved in the rear view mirror so he would know I wanted to hear from him.

I pulled into my drive and unloaded, and then went back out and sat on my lounger to cool off with a wine cooler. This had been quite a day, so I slowly fell asleep with a smile on my face, as the cool breeze fanned my tuckered little body.
