The Love Server - Part 1 - Him

As he entered her room, his only thought was of getting off and getting some sleep for tomorrow's trip. He was excited about going on the hunt, but he needed to relax. 

He'd seen her many times in the village proper, gathering what he assumed were the things she needed for her role in their small community. He always admired her shining hair and bright smile. He'd been with many of the village's women, but tonight was the first time he'd entered her room. The differences struck him as odd, but not unpleasant. The first thing he noticed was the intoxicating smell of fruit and flowers. Most of the Love Server's rooms smelled of body odor and dust. The second thing was the sheer number of candles. He was used to one or two lit candles, both a conservation of wax and a show of respect - shadows to hide the face of the Love Server. He noticed, too, what he already knew: her body was plumper than most; her breasts heavy and large, her waist curving spectacularly into her hips which swelled into an even plumper behind. 

She motioned for him to sit so that she could remove his shoes. On her knees, bent to the task, her hair flowed to cover her face and breasts. She set his shoes aside and sat back on her heels, knees spread wide. The routine was familiar to him. It was at this point that he would normally pull the woman's head into his lap and thrust into her mouth until he came. He surprised himself by standing up and pulling her to her feet in front of him. He had the strangest ... need. Yes, he needed to explore her body, especially her hair. He slowly slid his large hands over her stomach to lightly grip her waist and instead of pulling her to him; he moved his own body until his chin rested in her hair. The fruity, flowery smell, he discovered, came from her. Her hands were light on the back of his neck, making lazy circles there. He brought one palm up to the back of her neck, under her heavy hair, to cup her head and, weaving his fingers through the silk, he tugged until she was looking up at him. He brushed his lips against hers and his gut gave a violent twist. He stepped back and stared. The feeling had gone in the same moment it came and he was confused. He had kissed a woman on the lips before and while it wasn't especially unpleasant, it had never made him sick before. He was breathing hard and his heart beat unsteadily. Shamed at his reaction to her, she turned away and bowed her head; giving him the chance to recover his shoes and to leave. 

Rather than sickness in the wake of his twisting stomach, he felt his desire return twofold. Reaching out with one shaking hand, he dragged his fingers through her hair from the crown of her head to where it stopped inches above her waist. His palm continued to her delicious backside, and she turned, shyly. He fitted their bodies together again and now used both hands to knead the flesh of her ass. He pulled the cheeks apart and thrust groin to groin, until she had to fling her arms around his shoulders for balance. With a barely contained growl, he bent his head and opened his mouth to her neck. He bit her; hard. He could feel her cringe and struggle not to pull away. He sucked at her sweet skin for a moment before letting go. When he saw the mark he'd left, he felt an instant of guilt. She could not be used again until it healed. He bit her again.
