Chapter 6




That night Kendra told the story and admitted her shame. She offered to resign her position and that was refused. They reminded her who she was, and why she held that position. It was not something they could dismiss her from, or replace her.   

The mood for her was somber and she didn't enjoy what she normally did. Finally the evening ended, she went home and just crashed onto her bed. She was late getting up the next day and looked like she hadn't slept at all. As she pushed herself through the day she knew this had to be settled with John.

Finally she walked into his office and closed the door behind her. She walked to his desk and head bowed, started,I ask forgiveness, and to be relieved from my position. A lazy person can't help you, and I was for sure lazy. If you agree, then I'll go to the shrine of the sun and spend my days in meditation and penitence.

I can't release your from what you freely assumed yourself. You asked for your job and it was given based on your request. I didn't give it, so I can't release you from it. That would have to come from the person who gave you the job. Seeing as they are no longer among the living I see no way to get released. You have never trained someone to follow you, so you will serve until your have completed your task. Now go take a hot bath and get some sleep.

It was what she knew would come. She already was old. Her father and brother had sucked her dry of much of her life force. Their schemes and lies were just more than most could have handled. It had killed her mother, and that was who she made the request of for the job. Now over forty years later she was just tired. But she knew John was right, and she had no one to go to and give up her burden.

John watched Kendra go. He felt sorry for her, but she had chosen her own path and she had to walk it. No one could do it for her. She had confirmed five times she wished to travel this path. Now no one lived who could take her place.

He sat on the balcony and looked over the ocean. The waves were coming in hard today. They crashed at the reef and then once more on the shore. A violent day for the water. He saw something now on the beach and it looked like some kind of wreckage. Going in he got his binoculars and looked while adjusting them. There was wood from some kind of boat and one body as well on the shore.

Going in to his desk he called Carlton. My friend, you have a boat that crashed and at least one body on the beach my balcony looks out on. I think sending a chopper to check it out might be a good idea?

On the way boss, and I'm going as well. This one interests me greatly as last night we lost three of our signals from the buoys. It didn't last long so we figured it might be an abnormality? But this changes how we want to look at that.

As John watched he saw the two choppers land and men start collecting wreckage off the beach. The body was lifted into one chopper and it took off fast heading toward the hospital. Another chopper was now over the water looking for more wreckage or bodies. Then a large one sat down and it was quickly loaded with the collected junk from the beach. That would go to the hanger for review and identification if possible. 

This entire operation took no more than an hour. Two men were left going over the sand with metal detectors to find what they could. A truck had been pulled out to the dunes and left on the inland side. The men kept walking to a bucket and dropping things into it. Finally one man walked back to the truck and got another 5 gallon size bucket. They kept going for a good three hours and never slowed down adding whatever it was to the buckets. There now were a good dozen on the beach. When the two men tried to pick one up they just could not do it. 

John called Carlton and told him the problems his men were having. Shortly a chopper landed and Carlton got out. He pulled his phone out and called John. Boss, I guess trying to lift about a thousand pounds per bucket made it hard to do. If they had succeeded the bottoms would have fallen out. As it is we have about six tons of one ounce platinum coins here. I have enough coin bags to repackage these and then take them to the bank. If you wish I will drop a couple by for you and the girls to see.

Just put a note in the bag I have about 3,750 credits of the platinum here at home and bring me three. I dont want anyone thinking I would take any of it. Tomorrow I'll transfer that amount of gold to the islands account to cover it.

Boss, these are strange.  I cant read the writing on them and the pictures are of nothing I ever saw.

Bring them by and let me see them. Who was the person you sent to the hospital?

I have no idea, boss, she never was awake and was barely breathing. Dr Michaels is working on her, and hopefully he will get us some answers.

Tell him that Dana, the girls and I will be stopping by before we come home tonight. I dont expect the victim to be able to speak any language he knows.

Your thinking she is from the other dimension?

That is my best guess, Carlton. Do you know of any government that used platinum coins in our world?

Guess if I had thought I would not have asked that stupid question. Oh well, that is what you get from military people, boss. I'm on my way with your three coins.

John wondered what these were, and where they came from. And who was trying to escape with them?

Carlton walked in and saw John in contemplation. I see we have a new mystery to solve now, right?

No, it is by no means a new mystery, it is a very old one. I'm sure people with better minds than mine have tried to solve it. But it does fascinate me to no end.

That I would take a bet on, no one with half as good a mind has worked on it before. Everyone before you has seen this as magic or with a religious context and that is not how you will see it. To you it is a simple science problem that we dont have answers for.

You're right about no answers, but simple it is not. We're talking about physics we dont understand, or even know all the rules for. There are a lot of theories and few answers. Now I'm in the middle of it and have no idea what the rules are.

He handed John the three coins and he had picked very good ones. This way every detail could be seen, and if you understood the language, read. I see they call their land Pampas for some reason. But it is written in a Japanese type script. I'll need to get these under a magnifier to see it well enough to read most of it.

I'll have the maps and letters we found, at the hospital for you to pick up when you go there.

John took digital shots of each coin and saved them on the computer. He could enlarge these and read everything on them. The girls came bounding into his office and both of the little ladies were on his lap. Dana just smiled at the picture. 

My three ladies, I have a small gift for you. There are three coins on my desk, you each get one of them. Anything you get from them, feelings wise or picture wise, I need to know. We had a shipwreck wash onto our beach and these came from it. I'm almost sure they came from the other dimension. But now I need to prove it.

"They're so shiny and bright. Riko was pleased with this new item.

They're platinum, and are worth 1,250 credits in our money. That is a lot of money here.

Both of the young girls looked shocked now. I'll give mine back to you as soon as I cant feel anything, daddy. Riko was really looking scared.

First of all it is yours, dear, and you should keep it, and use it to remember the day you became mine. This was found the same day as that happened. Matter of fact I saw the wreck and called Carlton to come and check it out.

Rikos eyes were huge. Really, it is mine?

Little one, if I tell you something then I mean exactly that. I'll never change my mind or see it in a different way.

Kelly looked at Riko and smiled at her. You can always believe daddy, and he never will lie or fail to tell all the truth. If he says something, be it good or bad, it will happen. He never makes any promise he doesn't keep. So you can trust every word from him. If he says you can do something you're safe doing it. Now if he says you cant do something, if you do it he will find out and punish you. That I learned the hard way.

Riko laughed at this admission. I'll never do what I am told not to. From as far back as I can remember I was spanked for doing anything wrong.

Daddy never spanks you, he just makes you feel bad because you didn't listen to him. Not following his instructions is like lying to him. Now that I know it, I make sure I always follow instructions he gives me.

This was a new area for Riko. I always got spanked, and it hurt. But your being upset with me would hurt even more.

He hugged his girls and sent them off to clean up and get dressed to go out. What do you think of the coin?

Dana had been looking hard at it and saw a few things she was sure John had seen as well. You didn't notice the writing?

Yes, and it made little sense to me.

But on the sides of the writing, it seems there is more writing? She handed him the coin.

He placed it under a high magnification and saw what she had picked up. The rules are on many coins. You will just have to look for them.

He called Carlton and asked him to count, and then bring all the coins to his office for examination. He explained what Dana had seen and he was able to read. 

It looks like a long job to try to find what the rules are? But dear, you will be working with me, as will the girls to find every one we can. I'll start Carlton looking at low tide for more coins. I'm sure we've missed a lot of them. It is possible they could be ones with the rules on them.

The two headed back to their bedroom to shower and change. Once done they met the younger girls talking with Carlton in Johns office. Of you want to see something
 odd, look at this. He showed Carlton the printing on the side of the raised area of printing.

That would have had to be done with a laser to be that small and yet readable.

I have no idea how it was done, but we have to check every coin to find answers to my questions. You will need at low tide to start groups with metal detectors on the beach again. Have a group in the water to check out the sand below for any more coins. Finding all we can could be critical to us.

It will be done, boss, and we'll keep at it until no more turn upl. We never got to the bank, so you'll have to live with my people's counts.

John got the group ready and made sure Jackson had good security around the entryways. For sure he wanted no theft of over 180,000,000 credits from his home. They had two guards sitting in Johns office where the bags were stored. The question now was this the property of the young lady in the hospital or the country? Either way John decided to learn what he could from the coins.

The table was a large one and Jackson, Pam and Rhonda we waiting for them. The girls liked Riko and she had been teaching them to speak Japanese. So all were well known to each other. Riko showed her coin to the girls and Jackson. Each really looked at it closely.

This didn't come from here,, and not from our world, either. Rhonda was very clear in what she saw.

Kelly explained the idea of dimension shifts, and two worlds occupying the same space in two different dimensions. It was quantum physics and something we really knew little about. But it says that matter can go from one place to another without moving through the intervening space.  Just it is here now and there later. How it moved no one knows in this dimension. But Einstein did his best to disprove it or modify it and failed.

That seems very complex, Kelly? Rhonda was now very interested.

 Look, here is just a bit of the problems. Once more the idea is based on the string theory. The quantum mechanics of strings implies these oscillations take on discrete vibrational modes, the spectrum of the theory. Each string can have one or more worlds that are connected to it like strings on a musical instrument produce different sounds as hand placement changes.

God, that is complicated, and yet interesting. Rhonda was now determined to learn more about this idea.

Dinner that night was a complete success. The group talked and laughed a lot at many of the stories. The way Pam and Rhonda felt about John was not lost on Riko, either. She knew he was loved by many, and yet she got a lot of time with him others didn't.

Once dinner was over they headed to the hospital. The policeman motioned for John to park right out front, I have things to load in your car for you, sir. So John handed over his keys.

He went in and it looked like a parade coming down the hall. Riko and John then Kelly and Dana marched to Johns pace. They saw the doctor looking with a smile towards them. 

John, you are right on time. She is talking now, and Ill be damned if I have any idea what she's saying? She's in room six, and please dont stay too long.

They walked into room six and the girl smiled at them. She started speaking at once and every one knew what she was saying. John looked at Dana and nodded his head where it could not be noticed.

Dana started to ask questions and slowly got a few answers. John just acted bored and like he understood nothing of what was said. The girls saw this and played the same game. John told Dana he was going to take the girls to get them something to drink. This Dana explained to the girl and she smiled at John.

Once out of the room he looked at Riko. Give me your opinion?

I saw no lies or deceit in her. What she said, she believed. But I dont think she knew that much.

OK, Kelly, your opinion?

I agree with Riko. But she was hiding something, I could see it.

They walked into the doctors lounge and got a drink out of the cooler. As they drank they talked about how to find out what was being hidden. Dana would have to keep doing the questioning for now. 

Dr Michaels walked in and sat with them. She has broken ribs, one arm and one leg bone as well. Her blood work said she was malnourished and has a low iron count. I would estimate she is between sixteen and nineteen. She will be in here until she can be taken care of someplace where she can use a wheel chair.

You can send her in two days to our home and she can stay with Leigh Anne for a time. But you will need to make house calls for her. I dont run ambulance service for anyone.

The doctor laughed. I make house calls all the time now. Really, it is very effective at stopping the spread of any illness. With the nine clinics feeding us here with badly hurt people we stay pretty busy. Carlton gets them here fast, and we are always under the one hour window for treatment. The furthest clinic is just a twenty eight minute trip from here by air using a small jet. There is a chopper right there for any emergency where the jet is not available, but that takes a lot longer.

We built the clinics at the small air fields on each island. Each island gets one flight each day to move people as needed. The clinic had both a chopper and small jet for emergency flights. 

We also have one ferry each day moving goods and people. We built a ship like the old Sea Shadow stealth ship the Navy built. It has a drive-in deck for cars and trucks, so it is much larger than the IX 529.  We did mount a few missiles on it where they cant be seen. But no real weapons are used much as you cant shoot at what you cant see. It runs on a nuclear power plant and has good speed.

It seems you have the islands well covered. But we do lack enough people to really use them properly.  The doctor was very much into agriculture and followed it closely. 

Doc, if we had more people we would have to feed more people. It would require more jobs and it would expand the economy. So right now less is more. It's critical we adjust to our current size, then see what we need to continue to grow. We're not going to import people just to grow. Especially not ones from advanced countries, or ones from the third world who need a lot of education.

What about the natives here?

What about them? They're getting educated and trained to live a better life. The children are in school and most are smart as hell. I dont know if you have noticed, being here in town. But the oldest of that group is working at my home. Most out on the islands are under forty, because their fathers were lost out fishing. Many mothers killed themselves rather than live without a husband, as in their religion you marry just one time.

That did sit the doctor back. That seems rather barbaric.

You're just like the missionaries that went to Hawaii. If you dont understand it then change it. It just might be your value system is wrong, doc. I like the marry once and for life idea, myself. It sure would cut down on unwanted children.

That could not be argued with and he knew it. OK, you have my ass on a pole now. I didn't think things through, and didn't have enough facts. It might be time for me to study their religion, that might help me understand some of their decisions.

When you stop in to see the girl I'll give you a book that will help you. But it is very much like the very old Shinto religion of Japan. Not what is used today, but what existed twenty five hundred years ago.

It's really that old?

As best I can tell it is over ten thousand years old. I'd have to say it is the oldest known religion that still exists. It predates all others documented in history.

Now he had a man very interested. How do you know so much about it?

If I was going to rule their islands then I needed to be a part of their culture as well. For us, we have adopted their religious beliefs and are learning each day. A lot of what you see around you does not include shrines that exist here. Just to find them you must believe and then go looking for it. It is not a church and all are not welcome.

The interest level was now very high. I'll tag along when they bring her to your home. That way I can pick the book up. You have me completely interested.

If you do that I'll show you a lot more. So feel free to come along.

They headed back to the room where Dana was sitting on the bed. Husband ,I have a lot of data for you. She said that in the girls language.

Fine, we'll discuss it later tonight. The girls face showed she was surprised. 

Kelly and Riko both asked her how she was feeling? Now she was completely shocked. How is it you all speak my language?

It is the language of our native people here. I am their leader and share their religion. The doctor says you need lots of sleep to start healing, so in two days he will bring you to my home to stay while you recover. Just feel free to eat all you want, as your body needs it badly. I'll send a woman down to handle the communications problem for you. Most here dont speak the native language.

I am pleased that you are helping me. There were six others with me did any of them survive?

You were the only one we found on the beach.

She shuddered at this comment. Then the tears started to roll. Dana held her and calmed her down until she fell asleep. 

Once home they went to Johns office to the conference table. Both the girls and John waited for Dana to get her thoughts together. 

The girl is from the other dimension, she was coming here with money to buy food for her people. She said they had over 120,000 coins on their ship. But her country needed food badly and the coins were worth nothing without the food.

There are a lot more coins down there, and they'll start to recover them tomorrow. But I need to know how much food, and how to get it to her people?

Youre considering sending people into the other dimension?

Yes. Tthe key word is considering. I have four aircraft carriers sitting out there with no place to go. The storage capacity for food would be more than we could possible accumulate quickly. With a good crew, weapons and aircraft for protection it should be a very safe platform. But I have a lot of questions she has to answer before I make that type of decision.

I hope we dont have to do that. There is no reason I know of for feeling that way, but I do feel it? Dana was not one to feel fear or worry fast.

If we do try it then I'll make it as safe as possible. Putting our people in high risk situations is not my normal choice. But we need answers, and a lot of them. In the morning we'll start on the coins and see what we find?

The next morning everyone was working setting the table up for checking out the coins. This was going to be slow going and the ones with information were to be photographed in high resolution. But they needed lots of light and good magnification to be able to find the writing. 

Carlton came into the office and was pleased at how well John had set things up. I brought two more lighted magnifying glasses for you. Right now I have fifty people on the beach and in the water. They are using six underwater metal detectors to check the under water areas. We have placed grids with numbers, and each is being double searched all the way to the reef. Once that is done, we will suction the sand up on the beach and catch any coins picked up that way. We have a unit to run down the beach that will cut a foot off the surface and tumble it through a screen, returning anything fine enough back on the beach.

There is no way we'll get all the coins, Carlton. It's just not possible in sand, or sand and water. Also, we dont know that they're all on this side of the reef? It's possible we have coins from several different shipwrecks. Only time will answer our questions. You said last night you had some other items for me to see?
Carlton pulled out a satchel and handed it to John. This was opened quickly and John was surprised to find a map and some documents. None had been wet so the case must have floated into shore? Looking at the map, he saw the transfer point where the captain expected to be moved into this dimension. Or at least he thought that was what the large area was?

This is going to take a lot of study. Do you have copies of this map?

As it was the only thing in that case that made any sense to me, yes, I did run a copy on our computer. I wanted to study the land masses and see how much different theirs were than ours.

Good, look for whether a carrier could navigate those water, and how best to protect ourselves. We might one day want to explore that dimension. It would be nice if we had at least looked at it that way.

Boss, you're good at feeding us crap when you dont want to talk. But this sounds very serious to me, and if we do it it needs very good planning. So I want David in on it, and to start a file on ideas.

John handed two of the coins that had been completely checked to Carlton. You and David each need to keep one of those. We know, so far, that most of it came from a nation that is short on food. The girl in the hospital told Dana a fantastic story last night. She speaks the old language so we can communicate with her. Over time we will learn much about the people and beliefs in that dimension. Then we'll make the decision to go and help?

Turning this over in his mind, Carlton liked the way John was approaching it.  Count me in, and I know David will also take a piece of this. But understand, he is going to want to lead the force going in. I happen to agree, one of us needs to do that.

I was considering doing that myself, Carlton.

No way is that boat going to float, boss. You cant use any electronics instruments there to find your location. The land masses are not where ours are. Solving those problems needs someone who is careful and with good navigation skills. We dont know that large rocks are not just below the surface. So watching to not rip the bottom out of a ship is needed. We just dont know what to expect, and will have to change how things are done often, I would guess?

Those are issues the two of you need to discuss. I need a list of major question you two have. Those will be brought up to the girl, hopefully to get some answers.

Then you're seriously considering this?

That platinum, it seems, was coming here to try to buy food. What would you consider in that case, Carlton? The girl in the hospital seems pretty human to me.

That he could not argue against and would not try to. OK, boss, you win, and we'll get your list together. With that Carlton left the office. 

Dana had watched this and listened to it all. Why did you tell him you were thinking of going?

Because I have been considering it. But you saw how fast he shot that down and rightfully so. I just dont have the experience really needed. His comments let me know that one ship is just not going to work. We'll need good sonar, and the ability to map the oceans as we go. This is very much like mapping a new world, but using modern equipment. But I must keep in mind the dangers in the oceans there, whatever they are?

She could see he was talking and thinking at the same time. So she just listened and watched. 

The map looked really different and the paper was a very thin and strong one. I'm not sure what the paper is, but you cant tear it. I'm not sure about other ways of destruction like fire, or cutting it up, but it is very strong.

Dana had been watching his work with it. I hate to say this but it almost looks like some kind of skin? We could take a small piece and have it tested for DNA, and run a scan of materials.

John looked closely and saw what Dana was seeing. He took a razor knife and cut off a small piece and placed it into and envelope for her to take and have checked. Once there is a DNA sample, use the rest for a GC/MS run. I think that a run in the Gas Chromatography and Mass Spectrometry machine will tell us more than the DNA.

I'm off, and will take Kendra with me and drop her at the hospital. She can sit and talk with the girl, and get more information.

Be careful what you tell Kendra. I dont want her offering the girl any hope of our doing anything right now. We need information for the time being.

I have seen some stress between the two of you.

Yes, it is called lack of trust, dear. When I really needed help and information she failed to provide it. Of course I found what I needed myself, but she and I had a discussion over her lack of help. I also made sure she knew I had solved that problem without her help.

Dana could see he was still angry over that. So she just moved another direction for right now. I'll be sure she asks some of the questions I've heard here today. Then we can verify them when I question her. If the story is exactly same both times is most likely right. You will just have to look for small errors.

Sounds good, dear, and I'll leave the test and that to you. Right now I have lots to read and hopefully start to understand?

He sat at the table while the girls went over the coins. He started reading a journal from the case. It looked like it might be the ships log book, but he just didn't know, as much that you would expect was not there. Someways, this was closer to a diary than a log. Whoever wrote it was definitely a male, just from the way it was written.

The man was not well educated, and used some very badly written words. Often misspelled and not easy to read, this was a work of labor for whoever wrote this. It was getting hard to follow his meaning. John walked out on the balconywhere he could see the people on the beach, and the ones in the water. 

Two were working the far side of the reef. Carlton did one thing really smart, he had a small barge with a V shaped set of plates off the far side. As water came at the reef the barge and plates parted it, so divers were not driven into the reef and possibly hurt. It would be like a boat cutting through the water, the way it worked. 

You could see things being pulled up onto the deck of the barge, unloaded and the container sent back down. He got his binoculars and looked at the pile of stuff on the barge. There was a lot of it, and he knew each item would have to be checked out. Part, he was willing to bet, was from long ago wrecks of the islands own fishing boats. A little may have come from this wreck. But the big prize would be from boats from the other dimension, that had not made it here intact. He hoped they would tell them a lot more about the other world.

Kelly came out and saw John watching the people. I see you're looking for more information.

Yes, and not getting much at the moment. But that will change in a couple of days as that stuff gets moved into our storage area. I want a group of native ladies to go through each item, and make some decision about where it came from. The stuff that belonged to boats from here needs to be given to them, and be added to a shrine for the lost men. Things that came from the other dimension, I want us to go through. Items that they dont know, we'll look at them and see if maybe they are from a culture here, or maybe one that moved long ago?

Sounds like a lot of work. If you want Ill handle the first sort, and find the right ladies to help Riko and me. That way you dont have to get into it until we are dealing with the known artifacts.

That sounds like a good idea to me, sweetheart. So that little project is yours and Rikos to handle. Once you have it down to a manageable level, I'll work with both of you to sort it out. Be sure you let Carlton know what your doing, and he gives you access to the storage location. 

John left and just walked about for a time, needing to think clearly, and be away from the coins and diary he was reading. The enormity of the problem, and the lack of knowledge, was just mind blowing. He was sure he knew how people felt, being told they were going to move people to the moon and they had not yet placed a man in space. They had a ton of questions and unknown issues just like he did now. 

To get this under control he needed a decision tree just for this project. That would be built off of a question list he would need to prepare. So the early questions needed to be thought out, and now. Each, he was sure, would bring more question, but just in one direction. His mind right now was scattered over a wide area, so he was not seeing things he needed to. 

Doing this right would require assigning people to areas of the project, then standing back and letting them handle it. So picking the right people would be his job for each area of responsibility. Then he would problem solve with each of them, and provide support where needed. He needed to not be tied to the work in any one area, and looking over the whole project. This would allow him some feelings of how things should go.

Now at least he had a start to the project. Thinking about it, he decided to call it project Venture. It seemed some how appropriate for this project, here it was nothing ventured, nothing gained. There was just so much knowledge that had been lacking for so long that needed to be found, bits and pieces were just not answers. That was all ten thousand years had produced to this point.

He called Jimmy and Tommy and asked them to come see him. Next he called David and asked him to come as well. Carlton would be here shortly and the group would sit down and work out the start of the plan. 

Carlton came into the office and sat before the desk. Boss, things are getting really odd. We have more platinum coins and a lot of gold ones from the other side of the reef. No one understands the language on any of them.

I'm not surprised as I figured if this boat came, others had to as well, in the past.

Your saying this is not all from the same boat?

I dont think so, Carlton. Kelly, Riko and a group of ladies who are native here, will go through what you find and decide what is from the islands here. Those items will go to a shrine for the lost people. What is left over Dana, Riko, Kelly, Kendra and I'll go over and see what we feel is from the other dimension. All of those items need to be studied for what can be learned.

When Jimmy, Tommy and David walked into the office, John took them out on the balcony where each was given a tablet and pen. OK, now I am going to send some of you into outer space. I am seriously considering sending a mission into the other dimension. That would be 1 aircraft carrier with some aircraft, 1 submarine and may be 2 Ticonderoga class missile cruisers, we have ten that have been converted to nuclear power. From what I have seen so far, there is no competition for that small fleet in that dimension. Any questions so far?

Jimmy was confused,What do you need Tommy and me for?

This is going to be a major project. I need a good decision tree and several people will need to be filling in their parts of that data. You guys will have to build me a tree like the one used to get the islands started. The closest I can come to how critical this is, would be the idea in the 60s to go to the moon. We had never placed a man in orbit around this planet or anything out there. We didn't have a good rocket to lift anything into space, so going to the moon was just a wild idea. Kennedy challenged the scientists, and if they failed, they would be embarrassed.

I see where your thinking of going and can see some value in that. But how does it compare to the moon landing? Jimmy had to have data.

Tell me all you know about the other dimension Jimmy?

I didn't know there was another dimension until just a few minutes ago.

We know it has existed for at least ten thousand years. Many of Japan's people came from that dimension. The religion of both Japan and here came from there as well.

I see where you're headed, but dont understand why?

In ten thousand years there is no firm history of that dimension. We do know many think it is evil. If you agree with that, then why are so many of the people who came here peaceful? Some say there are monsters in the seas, the same was said of the oceans in our dimension many years ago. So far, I'm dealing with old tales that have no basis in fact. So we need to find out what is, or is not, real. That is going to be a challenge, and a big one, as we are stepping out into the completely unknown.

That statement shocked them all. How little was known, the lack of any real facts and the amount of knowledge lacking was big. David looked at John and smiled. I dont think I would send my family on that cruise. Now I see what your concerns are, and the many issues we need to examine. No one will be forced to do this on my side. It'll all be volunteers, and they must know it is possible they could be lost and never come back.

Dana walked out on the balcony looking pale. The map is not on any paper, it is drawn on human skin. I ran every test I could and they all proved that was fact.

John handed the map to David, who could not believe the difference between the current islands and what the map showed. But many of the islands out from the Shangri-La Islands were not shown at all. I need to have this map compared with current ones.

You'll find it in the file called Project Venture. I got a very good scan of it and a few other maps found later. The landmasses on them are not like the ones in our dimension at all. It's like the two dimensions over the years formed quite differently. We dont match and, are not like what was projected by current science theories.

Jimmy now was really shaken up. This is unreal, and like nothing I have ever been involved in. I'll be happy to run the decision tree for you, but I want nothing to do with this project outside of that. Maps on human skin I just cant handle. Come on, Tommy, we'll go back and start the tree for john and his people. It will be called Project Venture John. The two young men left and were not feeling well.

I'm not so sure some of our own cultures didn't use skin as maps, so I cant take any stand on that issue. But the audacity of what your suggesting is bigger than the moon shot. We need some professors involved, and from a military point of view, a working group to start. If we're going to step into the unknown, it needs a lot of planning to have any chance of coming back? It's possible we could have to live out our lives there and that must be considered. Carlton was wistful right now and he saw many pitfalls.

I'm going to offer the Emperor the chance to send people with ours. This impacts Japan as well as us, and they need to share the burden.

David could see the logic, and liked the idea. That will make it less stressful for our population. I'd like to see half of the people from Japan, but it will have to be our ships, as theirs are not nuclear powered. Having the needed fuel is critical to any chance to come home. But with no assurance of coming back it will need to be a mixed crew.

Carlton knew the hard part was going to be choosing the leader. How do we select the leader of this show?

David looked at them both. I am leading it, and my wife is my navigator. She is very good at shooting stars and plotting our course when we sail. We are going well beyond what this map shows, and will have to make our own. With Silvias background in computer graphics, that'll make mapping easy. She can map the ocean floor from sonar scans, as well as the surface features, or lack of them.

Then she needs to serve from day one on your group. Having a womans input may be very helpful, as men may want to be bold when that is not the best answer. John liked this idea.

Silvia is no shrinking violet, and will say what she thinks. Some of our friends from Japan may have problems with that.

That's my worry, and I'll handle it. The people who come here for this project will most likely stay after it is done. We will take mostly US trained scientists, and only those who speak good English for the military. It will be a joint venture under our control.

You handle the recruiting, and we will start the planning. If decisions are needed, you will be invited to that meeting. For simple research and planning we will operate kind of open and free, just well documented on the tree. David and Carlton left the balcony.

I see this is going to fly. In talking with Kendra, she is scared, and it shows as she tries to hide it. There is something there she is not talking about, John. But I think you need to find out what it is. Now as for the girl, she needs to be in a locked set of rooms without access to the outside. Per Kendra, she should not be allowed freedom here right now.

I assume this was not explained to you?

No, she just told me what I told you. But she seemed completely freaked out going into that hospital to sit with the girl.

I am smelling something here I dont like, I need to find what it is.

Dana left, and John walked down to the garage area and looked over the gardens here. He just could not put a finger on the reason he didn't trust Kendra any more. She was an odd duck, compared to the other native people. 

Kelly caught up with him. Something is eating you up and I'm willing to help, if you want?

I would love to know when Kendra came here. The history of her and her brother would be of great interest.

Your thinking they didn't come from this dimension?

God, for her age Kelly could almost read Johns mind. I am starting to feel that way. She has held back far more than she should have, and not been completely truthful with us. I wont say she lied, but she evades telling the truth nicely.

Thinking back over the many dealings Kelly had with her, she could see dad's point and it angered her. OK, I just never looked that closely before. But she has often, when asked a very direct question, avoided me or just failed to answer it.

I'm going to place her in a room here for prisoners. There is nothing she can use to kill herself, so she will be safe. A few days of quiet and meditation should help her make the decision she must make on her own. There is water fed into that room, and breakfast will be sent in each day. She will see and hear no one until I decide to go talk with her. John knew without knowing why it was the right move?

Tomorrow, I'll start tracing her and her family. How they became rulers here will be very interesting to me. We need to know how far back they go, and where their wealth came from. I'll need one of Carltons pilots for a helicopter to fly me where this leads me. But I should be able to give you a lot of data to question her at some point.

John called Jackson and asked him to come up to the garage area. When he got there what John wanted was laid out and made clear to him. There was to be a guard on the door at all times. Any who came walking by were to be logged, and John advised at once. Yes there was some paranoia in his feelings. But he had never checked out the staff here.

Once back in his office he had to know. Carlton, did anyone ever check out my staff here before they were hired?

We checked out one woman who was to run your staff, and she was fine. She hired the rest and they were never checked. I dont know why, but it slipped through the cracks.

I want everyone here picked up and checked out completely. They can't be together, and cant be able to commit suicide where they are held. Get someone over to the hospital and be sure the girl is safe from Kendra. Have her checked out for any possible problems including poisons. Get moving and fast.

It didn't take five minutes and people were found, and being lead out of the house by security. A team of technicians started checking out every item in the kitchen, and opened bottles in bedrooms. All food and personal items were boxed and replaced with good items. 

Carlton came in and sat down in front of Johns desk. The IV that had just been started was being injected by Kendra when my woman walked in. We stopped the drip and have the syringe she was using. The lab is checking it out now for what it contains. Where did this come from?

Dana was telling me Kendra was scared to death going into the hospital. That was just not normal for the woman. She has come close to lying to me and Kelly as well at different times. My instincts said she was not from this dimension and knew we would pick up on it sooner or later. She saw far too much in my home, and that was going to force her hand.

We have removed every bit of food from the kitchen and replaced it. All personal items were also removed if opened and they will all be checked. I have engineers going over every bit of the water system and storage area. If it can be reached we are checking it. A bomb sniffing dog is being walked through the whole accommodations area, with one for drugs going right behind. We even pulled all the laundry detergents and softeners to check them for anything outside of normal.

How are you checking them?

The same lab Dana used on the skin map. They will run GC/MS on each and every item. That will be compared with the product that is a known good sample. If anything is found we will step up our checks. Our lab tech is going to take a sample of each family members blood, urine and hair so it will be checked as well.

I get the idea you see the threat as I did?

With what Kendra was doing at the hospital? Hell yes, she is a threat. Our lack of doing proper checks on each person working here is just inexcusable. That will never happen again, I assure you.

What you have are people who can shed much light on the project. My gut tells me that other dimension is way behind us in development. It may be back five thousand years in our time scale. We are talking wood ships, and small ones at that. They were, I am sure, ships with sails. My guess is bows and arrows or spears are used to fight.

We found rope and wooden blocks for pulleys, not much metal was used on any ship. They will bring you a lot more coins to be checked out later today. The rest will be at the port customs warehouse for Kelly and Riko. I'd say it will all be done in two more days.

By the way, how many workers did we have here? I never knew that.

You had seven, and two yard boys who lived with their mothers.

We'll need to re-staff and that will take training time.

Nope, Shelby and Mrs. Minch have agreed to return to work for you. The cooking is Mrs. Minchs, and the house staff is Shelbys. They are both moving into one of the apartments now and thrilled about this change. Shelby has missed Kelly and the twins, and Mrs. Minch misses the company you guys gave her.

Well, that will start things back to normal. Did you search the people's rooms?

Sure did, and found some very interesting things. There were two small snakes that no one here had ever seen before. The largest was maybe six inches long. The university has them now doing tests for venom and poisons. Not just its fangs, but the mouth and body as well. They are looking to see if any toxins are produced. We have several books for you to look at, and clothing like we have never seen before. That will all be at the warehouse for the checking of items. The books, after being checked out, will be on the computer for you to read. Just look in your project folder. I dont think you want those skin covered books here?

Good call, Carlton, it kind of weirds me out having the map. But look at the covers under ultraviolet light, both inside and out, I picked up some really interesting things on the map that way. Those scans are in my folder also. Be sure the pages are paper as well and do them under the light. I dont know how they read what they wrote, but they did some writing that can't be seen normally? One more issue, does the girl have a guard on her room?

As soon as her tests are done they are bringing her here. One of our security people speaks the native language, and she explained to the girl who saw this coming. It caused her to cry. But that woman is staying with her until she is brought here.

Jackson walked in and smiled at John. This place is shutdown like an air tight flask and no one will be getting in. I have sixty scouts now, and we are running twenty per shift. Every inch of this place will be checked out and anything odd checked into. We, like Carlton suggested, are looking for any reptiles around here that should not be. If you or anyone sees a snake, frog, spider or other odd houseguest call us at once. We'll handle it and keep you safe.

That seemed wise, and John would be sure the family followed that rule. Any other things we need to be aware of? If not, I would like to suggest that you run DNA samples on each of the people arrested. It would be interesting to see how their DNA compares to ours.

In all the confusion, we haven't considered that, but it will be done tonight. I wonder if a significant difference is possible between them and us?

The only way to find out is to run the tests. If it is different, we can then check every native born here for that difference, as we have his or her DNA print.

They were never compared in any way. The DNA was just a sure way to identify.

Now I have messed up your day, so you need to go get the million things done, John laughed. 

Carlton left with Jackson and John looked out to the shore where people were still working. This entire move had brought danger, and yet, some excitement. 

Kelly came out and sat with John. Daddy, we are done with the current platinum coins. We have ninety coins with additional writing on them. But there are only ten messages, and seem pretty cryptic to me?

Dear, everything about this is cryptic to all of us. These people place no real value on life, from what I'm seeing so far. They are way less educated than we are, and seem almost barbaric in many ways.

Then, why do we want to go there?

It might be a good time to show power, and really cause them to fear us. If they knew we could hurt them badly, they might stop coming here. I'm sure many native people have been killed or taken by them.

They both got up and headed to their baths to shower and get ready for dinner.

