
Threesome With A Couple (Part III).

By Jeevan jeevan80@rediffmail.com

Hi in the last part I had threesome with the wife, Uma
and Husband's sister Kalpana. Uma wanted Kalpana to
watch me having threesome with the couple, i.e. Uma
and Rajan. This was very exciting and the most
perverse part of it was to watch her Husband fucking
his own sister.

SO after Rajan cam home Uma told him, " Jeevan is
planning to spend the night with us today and I have
told him to come here. Dear it has been long time we
did not have any sex with him, so lets do it." " But
my sister, Kalpana is here. And how can we do this in
her presence? We will have to take all the care and
should not let her know about this. OK lets do it in
the night but you have to see that Kalpana is asleep.
Ok?" "Yes I will confirm that and then only we will
fuck." But Uma had some different plans and she
purposely informed Kalpana that in the night she
should watch for something interesting. She did not
tell her what it was. So when I went to their house as
decided Uma told me that everything was arranged and
she was looking forward to the fun. After dinner Uma
made the beds for all and asked me to sleep in the
spare bedroom along with her husband Rajesh. Uma and
Kalpana were to sleep in the Bedroom. So Rajesh and
myself went to the spare bedroom and lay on the bed
talking. I told Rajesh that it was long time I had not
fucked his wife and so I only planned this and told
him to enjoy. Rajesh agreed and catching my Lund in
his hand said, " Jeevan I am also dying to see her
getting your long thick cock. I this cock and lets do
this now." Saying this he freed my cock and put his
mouth on it sucking it hard. So the husband was
preparing me for his wife! I told him not to suck
hard, as I wanted to deposit my come in Uma's hole. He
just smiled and said that he too wanted the same and
that he was sure I wont come for another 15 minutes
sucking. As we were doing it, we heard Uma coming into
the room, leaving the door slightly ajar. I observed
this and knew why she had left it like that. Uma
joined us and seeing her husband sucking my cock said,
" Ohhh! Aap to pahale hi shuru ho gaye! Ohhhhh kaise
land ko choos rahe ho! Ooohhohohoo! Aab muze bhi thoda
Lund do na!" Rajan removedmy Lund from his mouth and
pushed the gown Uma was wearing above her head to make
her naked for me. Uma immediately grabbed my lund and
pushed her mouth over the length. Her boobs were big
and moved as she struggled to take all of my Lund
inside her mouth Rajan patted her bulging belly, "
Dekho Jeevan! Meri bibi ka pet kaise phool gaya hai!
Sali phir bhi Lund khana chahati hai! Aaj usko chodo!
Uski gand me aalna mota Lund ghusedo!"

I was more excited with Rajan's talk and thrust my
lund deeper into Uma'a mouth. Uma was now moving her
tongue on my cock and I felt waves of pleasure pass
through my cock. Rajan squatted behind Uma and thrust
his own lund in her choot, making her moan loudly over
my cock. He was very excited and was murmuring loudly.
We all were making lot of noise and I wondered when
Kalpana would make her entry. Uma had taken my cock
deep in her throat and her husband was fucking her
choot. I whispered in Uma's ear, " When is Kalpana
coming?"  "Ohhh! She will! Wait silly. Let me make
some more noise and she will get the message." And Uma
told her husband to lie down so that she can climb him
and then allow me the honour of fucking her ass. Rajan
obliged and soon we two were fucking Uma together. Uma
purposely made lot of noise and soon I saw a figure
standing in the door. She was Kalpana! Kalpana was
looking at what was going on in the spare bedroom and
was really surprised. She had one hand over her mouth
and with the other she rubbed her excited breasts.
Since there was lot of light in the room she could see
easily what was going on. We three fucked forgetting
everything and the sight of Kalpana watching excited
me a lot. I fucked Uma's ass furiously and whispered
in her ear, " Ohh Uma she is there and watching us!"
Uma was very much excited and moved her ass on the two
cocks buried in her cunt and ass. I watched Kalpana
and she was about to shout with what she was looking
at. I signaled her in and she slowly walked towards
us. Rajan was totally unaware of his sister's presence
and continued fucking his wife's cunt. Now Kalpana was
very near to us and she came behind me and pressed her
body against mine. I felt her hard breasts on my back
and I increased my speed and thrust my lund harder in
Uma's ass. Uma sensed Kalpana's presence and she
fucked our cocks even faster. This combined lust made
me come in Uma's ass and I spunked lot of juice there.
Uma felt my hot come spraying in her ass and shouted
wildly, " Ohhhh! Jeevan! I feel your come! Ohhhh It's
so hot! Ooh Rajan come in my choot and make me come!
Ohhh YYEEssssssssssss! Ohhh spray that sticky sperm in
my cunt! Ohhhhh I ammmmmmm
cccoooommmmmiiiiinnnnnngggggggg!" Uma came and with
that Rajan too ejaculated his seed. I felt Uma's body
grow stiff and then she collapsed on Rajan's prone
body. I withdrew from Uma's ass and turning around
grabbed Kalpana and kissed her right on her mouth. Now
it was Rajan's turn to be shocked! He saw Kalpana and
he tried to talk something, but Uma kept her hand on
his mouth and spoke, " Rajan! Kalpana knew that Jeevan
is fucking me and she in fact caught us today. But she
doesn't mind and she fucked us both and what a HOT
girl your sister is! She even sucked my choot! Ohh You
must see her in action. Come on Kalpana show your
Brother your body."

Kalpana came forward and looked shyly at her brother
and smiling at him, slowly pulled her gown up and
removed it. Her Bra clad Breasts sprang free and she
threw the gown away. She looked at Uma and Said, " Ohh
Bhabi! I want you to show my body to him I cant go any
further. Ohh! It's so weird! We brother & sister doing
this in front of each other! Ohh it excites me! Ahh!
My Pussy! It's so hot and wet. Come on show my body."
Uma went to Kalpana and kissed her affectionately
rubbing her hands on her naked back and slowly
unhooking the Brassier in the process. Uma removed the
bra and exposed the twin jewels. She upped them
lightly in each hand and weighing them said, " Look at
this Rajan and Jeevan! Look how hard they are! Oohh
see the conical shape and the pink nipples! They are
so cute! Ohhhhhhh! Soo nicceeee! Look at the naval
Rajan. See how flat her belly is. See this dimple of
her belly button and oohhh! I should go further!" then
Uma removed her Chaddi too caressing her fleshy and
young choot. Her cunt was clean shaved, I think she
had just shaved it. The slit was tender and long with
the clitoral hood showing of prominently. I saw Rajan
was looking at his sister excitedly and his cock was
growing harder.

I said, " Rajan your sister is beautiful and sexy.
Your cock is growing hard watching her undress. What's
in your mind, want to fuck her cunt? Go ahead do it
Uma wont mind. Will you Uma?" "No Jeevan in fact I
will love to see them fucking! They are so hot for
each other, see her slit is dripping juice for my
husband, her brother." And Uma pushed her fingers in
Kalpana's cunt and took them out. They were wet with
her cunt juice. Uma asked Rajan to lick the fingers
off his sister's juice. Rajan licked and I saw his
cock going hard suddenly and he looked at Kalpana with
lustful eyes. Uma also watched her husband admiring
the naked charms of his sister and she parted the cut
lips of Kalpana and showed the pink hole to Rajan, "
ohhhhhh ! See this tender hole. I want you to put that
cock of yours in your sister's choot and fuck her
while we two assist you both. Come on Kalpana make
that cock throbbing with your mouth. Suck the cock of
your own brother." Kalpana did not need anything more
and she hurriedly went to Rajan, shaking her solid ass
and took his cock in her hands. She looked at it care
fully and then taking out her tongue started licking
his sensitive glans. Kalpana moved her tongue in
circular motion and Rajan moaned loudly. " Come on
sister lick my cock. Ohhhhhh! I never thought of this.
How I lusted after you when I used to see you
changing. OHHH! Suck me." " Ohh Rajan! I too was
jealous of Uma when you got married to her. I wanted
you from the day I saw you rubbing this cock in your
room. Ohhhhh now lets go all the way and enjoy. Thanks
to Uma bhabi and Jeevan. Com here you two and lick me.
Lick my cunt and make it wet for my brother."

Uma and me both went to Kalpana who was squatting to
suck her brothers cock and parting her legs Uma dived
into her muff tongue in. Kalpana quivered and took
Rajan's cock in her mouth, nibbling at the fleshy cock
head. As Uma licked the cunt, I started to lick
Kalpana's ass hole. I really wanted to fuck that
virgin hole but was a bit afraid due to its tightness.
Her ass smelled nice and tasted silly. As I licked the
backdoor my tongue met with that of Uma's and we
played tongue game with each other. Uma now pushed her
tongue deep in Kalpana's choot and tongue fucked her.
This caused Kalpana to swallow more than half of
Rajan's cock and now she mouth fucked her brother.
Rajan was in heaven and fully concentrated on the
sensations over his cock. He thrust his buttocks
urging his sister to suck and swallow his 5 inch cock.
We all were enjoying different aspects of sex and soon
were lusty to fuck.

Now Uma asked Rajan to put his cock in the cunt of his
sister and fuck her hard while she herself lay doggy
style and asked me to batter her ass hole. We adjusted
ourselves so that Kalpana was lying on her back with
Rajan fucking her missionary style. Uma squatted over
Kalpana with her cunt near her mouth and facing Rajan.
I took position behind Uma and put my cock in her ass
hole from behind. Rajan fucked Kalpana with deep
thrusts and Kalpana taking her tongue out, licked
Uma's cunt while I fucked Uma in the ass. We all were
very much excited with the situation and the unusual
ORGY taking place here. Uma was pouring heavy amount
of love juice from her cunt and Kalpana licked it away
all. Rajan was holding his sister's boobs and fucking
her furiously and moaning excitedly. I fucked Uma's
backdoor and enjoyed the tightness of the hole and
watching the copulation between the brother and
sister. Uma was deriving double pleasure and soon came
pouring her love honey in the mouth of Kalpana and
thrashing her ass wildly n the air. This caused
excitement among us and I came deep in Uma's ass and
Kalpana too came and romped her ass harder over
Rajan's cock. Rajan too came sending his seed in the
cunt of his sister Kalpana. We all had bout of
enjoyment together and lay over each other exhausted.
Now Rajan hurriedly put his mouth to my Uma's asshole
and begged her to give him my precious come. Uma
spread her legs and let her ass muscles go. And my
come spurted out of the tight hole any fell onto the
mouth of Rajan. Uma put her mouth to Kalpana's cunt
and drank her husband's come from it. Both husband and
wife loved to drink the spunk and Kalpana and me
enjoyed giving it to them. Rajan and Kalpana both
cleaned my cock by licking all the fuck juice with
their tongues. They also cleaned Uma's ass and ate
everything it could offer.

After cleaning our love machines we lay there for a
while thinking what to do next. I wanted Kalpana's ass
badly so I opted to fuck her and both Uma and Rajan
wanted to relax and watch us fucking. I ordered both
Uma and Rajan to make me hard by sucking my dick. So
Uma greedily obliged and took my limp cock in her
mouth. She swallowed it and nibbled it with her mouth
trying to bite it with her teeth. Rajan too came to
her assistance and took my balls in his mouth and
sucked on them. Kalpana saw all this and wanted to
participate too. So she stood before me and presented
her ass to my mouth. I probed the virgin hole with my
tongue and moved my tongue around all the wrinkles
there. Her hole was somewhat darker and tiny. I wetted
my finger with saliva and pushed it inside, running my
tongue around the base. My finger went in and I felt
her ass muscles clasp around it and hold it tightly.
Ohhhhhhhhhhh What a tight hole she had!  Now uma
sucked on my cock hard and even nibbled it with her
sharp teeth sending waves f pleasure through me. Rajan
was sucking in my balls and then moved his mouth to my
puckered ass hole and started to lick it. Kalpana was
hot with my licking and bending forward caught hold of
the melons of Uma's breasts and kneaded them and urged
 her to suck my cock hard and to make it ready like a
ramrod for her ass. All these sensations made me hard
and soon my cock throbbed with lust for kalpana's
virgin ass.

Uma took out my cock and showed it to Kalpana, " see
how big this cock is! Tke it in your ass hole and fuck
him. Come on take it! Bring that ass here and I will
put it in for jeevan. Watch your sis getting it in the
ass dear hubby. See your own sister getting fucked in
the ass. Ohhhhhhhh! I love this! sis getting fucked in
front of her own brother ! Oohhhhhhhh! Fuck her
Jeevan!" And Uma caught my cock and placed it on the
tiny opening of the ass hole of kalpana. Uma rubbed my
glans over the entire puckered hole and to make it
slippery spit on it and my cock. Rajan watched in awe
and went below his sister to watch the episode with
his mouth near her cunt. Kalpana did not lose this
chance and pushed her cunt on his mouth, "Ohhhhh!
Bhaya! Suck my cunt! Ohhh GOD Uma put it in! Tear my
ass hole with Jeevan's cock! Ohhhhhhhh Ahhhhhhhhh!
YES! Aiiiiiiiiiii It pains! Ohhhhh! UMA! FUCK!" And
Uma now pushed my cock head in the ass hole of her
sister in law and asked me to give mighty thrust, "
Ohhh Jeevan! Push that cock in! ohhhhh Ram it in that
ass hole! Fuck the ass! Ohhhhhhh Kalpana take that
cock in and FUCK!"

I really gve a mighty thrust and Kalpana cried out in
pain." Ohhhhhhhhhh MY ASS! GOD Save me! OhhhhOuchhhhh!
Aahhhhhh aiiiiiiiiiiiii Ammaa!!  Its sso biggggg! lick
my cunt brother! Suck it suck the cclit so that I wont
feel the pain in the asss! YES FUCK me!" all the while
Rajan was licking my ass hole and trying to push his
tongue in it.

Two inches of the cock entered and Uma patted me on
the ass urging me to fuck Kalpana. I pushed and in it
went! Ohh This was heaven. I felt pain in my cock as
it was entering no man'' land and I had to bear it for
the pleasure I was to derive out of it. So I could not
cry but went on pushing in and in few minutes half of
my cock entered the ass hole. Uma watched my cock
pushing through the ass taking in all the outer skin
and stretching the tiny hole to the limit. My cock
entered slowly and finally I could not push it any
more. I fucked her with all the energy I had and I
really had to struggle for it. Now Uma had her cunt on
Kalpanven. I felt pain in my cock as it was entering
no man'' land and I had to bear it for the pleasure I
was to derive out of it. So I could not cry but went
on pushing in and in few minutes half of my cock
entered the ass hole. Uma watched my cock pushing
through the ass taking in all the outer skin and
stretching the tiny hole to the limit. My cock entered
slowly and finally I could not push it any more. I
fucked her with all the energy I had and I really had
to struggle for it. Now Uma had her cunt on Kalpanven.
I felt pain in my cock as it was entering no man''
land and I had to bear it for the pleasure I was to
derive out of it. So I could not cry but went on
pushing in and in few minutes half of my cock entered
the ass hole. Uma watched my cock pushing through the
ass taking in all the outer skin and stretching the
tiny hole to the limit. My cock entered slowly and
finally I could alpana too came and her moaning came
in muffled sounds over her brother's cock. Rajan too
came and spilled his seed in his sisters mouth. Uma
immediately kissed Kalpana and they exchanged the come
of Rajan, licking it greedily and showing each other
how tasty it was. Uma asked Rajan to fetch my come
from Kalpana's ass hole and exchange it with the two
ladies. Ohhh the three of them were joined in a
three-way kiss, pushing their tongues hurriedly in
each other's mouths.

After this fucking session we went to a satisfied
sleep till 10 in the morning. It was the first
occasion when I had sex with the husband, the wife and
husband's sister. Its GREAT to enjoy without any
inhibitions.

Comments and suggestions are welcome. All the husbands
out there who wish to see their wives getting fucked
by me please feel free to write. I will try to fulfill
your fantasy.. Any wife wants me? All are welcome. I
solve sexual problems as well as marriage problems.
Confidentiality assured and expected too. Any girl
wishes to learn? All ladies and horny girls are
welcome. I love young girls too and young-old aspect
of sex. Want to play roles for real?? Feel free to
write. Write to me at jeevan80@yahoo.com Write to
Jeevan jeevan80@yahoo.com

Join my group at 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jeevansgroup/

for exchange of ideas and meeting people for sex!


