I awoke fairly early Saturday morning, got dressed and headed off
for a day in the gym what I refer to as the Meat Market of the
Millennium. My trainer had arrived an hour before me and spent
our whole session telling me about his man problems. After my
work out and about an hour on the treadmill I slipped my suit on
and headed for the whirlpool. I loved going to the gym early
because I knew the swinging singles didn't actually arrive until
later in the afternoon and I would have the whole gym to myself.
I set the whirlpool and slid in with my Walkman still on relaxing
to some Jill Scott. As I drifted off into relaxation I felt a
hand on my leg and opened my eyes I had realized that someone had
come in. I opened my eyes and saw Anthony looking right in my
face. I also intentionally went to the gym early to avoid him
because I knew he had to get up in the morning to care for his
twins and didn't hit the gym until his girl got back from work in
the afternoon. He told me that he missed me and he wanted to show
me how much, before I could even respond his head went under
water and his tongue was between my legs. I didn't know a person
could hold their breath underwater for so long but then again he
was ex-Navy and had me cumming in two minutes flat but was still
underwater trying for another, I thought he had drowned. When he
came back up for air I finally responded with a good morning to
you too as his tongue reach in my mouth to massage the back of my
throat. As much of Black History he truly was I missed the hook
of his dick and he got me in the mood for some more. I got up and
took my headphones off. He got out of the water with a bulge so
big in his bright red Nautica shorts I thought they would rip
down the middle. He followed me into the Sauna where I proceeded
to turn the sign to occupied and close the curtain. Thankfully
enough it was early and the temperature was not as hot as it
usually was in there. I laid my towel down on the bench and
removed my suit; I asked him if he missed this phat pussy and he
told me he wanted to show me just how much. He sat on the bench
below me and lifted my legs so they were straddled over his
shoulders and his face was directly in line with my pussy. I
grabbed a handful of his curly hair and forced it into my eagerly
awaiting pussy. He sucked me off like a true soldier as I gave
him orders as to how I liked it slapping him on his head or
pulling his hair if he disobeyed my commands. As I exploded I
whispered for him to drink it up, every damn drop or he wasn't
getting any of this pussy. He obliged and the excitement from my
demands made his dick begin to pulsate. I told him to stand in
front of me as I sat up on the bench above. I was right in front
of him with his one eye looking back at my two causing me to have
a cross-eyed effect. I slid my wet legs open and lay back on the
bench, the thing I liked most about Ant was that he was a minute
man so even if someone knocked on the door by the time they
knocked again he would be finished. He had maybe four good
strokes in him and I knew what he liked so I started playing with
my clit and licking my full glossed lips. I asked him if he was
going to give me some of that big Haitian dick that I've been
missing for so long since he had gotten me so wet. I was right,
he thrust his dick inside me and for the first stroke I told him
to fuck me good, the second stroke I told him how good his big
Haitian dick felt inside me, third stroke I grabbed his back and
pulled him toward me with my nails digging into his back and the
last stroke I kissed him passionately and he pulled out squirting
his milk all over my nipples and stomach with tears of sweat in
his eyes. I showered, dressed and left before he came out of the
locker room. My trainer was at the front desk and motioned with a
shame shame shame with his fingers as I left the gym. He told me
that I would have to give him all of the details next weekend. I
told him to trust me there was not much to tell. I had gotten
mine, twice and I guess that was all that mattered.



1





