Author: russianguy26 (sluttish_88@yahoo.com)

Title: a poker night

Part: chapter 1

Summary: A girl was really glad to make friends with her lover again, but being high a bit she cheated on him with her neighbour's son.

Keywords: Mf, teen, handjob, forced blowjob, masturbation 

Contact: sluttish_88@yahoo.com is for your comments.


Chapter 1

  Ashley Cuminners was happy today. She had recently had a really tough time with her boyfriend who she loved very much and he decided to give her another chance. There's no question that Ashley was in the seventh Heaven at these news and the girl was planning to make their first renewed date really hot and exciting like never before. Of course, it wasn't very hard for her to find a guy to date because of her sexy appearance, but her love was driving her crazy. 

  The girl was 5'5" tall and weighed 130 pounds with amazing waving black hair that went to her slender shoulders which Ashley liked to show off. Her 35C breasts jumping with each step attracted all men's attention. At 17 she was at the top of the class and became a cheerleader on the team squad, she took every effort to achieve and hold her position and was very proud of herself. 

  Ashley wanted to look awesome tonight and tried to put an incredible make-up on so that she would look irresistible. It took about an hour to finish it. There was a knock on her room's door about the time the girl decided to take a rest on her cute bed. Her uncle Rick entered the room after several moments when he hadn't heard any response.

  Her uncle had been her guardian for several years since all her family died in an car incident on the round highway of Moscow, the capital of Russia. Uncle Rick was very good but strict and he warned her that she would be kicked out of his house if she were not a good girl. He had to make ends meet for their living providing them with food and lodgings so uncle Rick had to work really hard to make more money as a dock loader and a security guard. It goes without saying that Ashley followed all the orders he had given her and the girl really had no choice. Also he was a good-looking man; at 40, Rick wasn't fat at all, except of his rounded belly that had a bit of a gut from beer drinking. The only thing that showed his age was his short hair getting grey.

  "Hello, uncle Rick!" Ashley said with a shining smile, turning her head toward him.

  "Hello, my dear!" he said in return. "I just wanted to know, Ash. Did you make friends with Joe again?"

  "Yeah!" the girl cooed. "But how did you hear about it?"
	
  "By your face's impression, dear. I haven't seen your starring eyes and shining smile since you and your boyfriend broke up! I'm so happy to see you in high spirits again," her uncle Rick's voice said honestly.

  "Yes, I wanna look awesome tonight so we'll be dating again like we used to be if everything's okay," her eyes were happiness-filled.

  "Baby I'm so sorry to disappoint you but I need you here!" her uncle didn't want to make her upset and kept on saying without pausing. "I invited our neighbor and his son to play poker tonight and as far as I know you like his son very much..."
	
  There was a long pause and Ashley thought what she could say about her affection for their neighbor's son and arguments to leave the place but the girl didn't want to make her uncle angry. Thus, Ashley couldn't think of what to say.

  "But uncle I can't and you know it pretty well. Why should I stay with you?" the girl almost begged him.

  Uncle Rick saw that his niece was very confused but he needed her very much for this night because it was very uncomfortable to serve the table and have a chat with the guest at the same time.

  "You must be here to serve drinks and sandwiches. Perhaps, you'll be able to join your lover later," her uncle said in a paternal tone.

  Ashley felt her eyes becoming wet with tears and knew that her great love would finally dump her but what she could do. At that moment the girl felt that she wanted to tear her guardian to pieces. No, her neighbor and his 23-year-old son were really, really nice, but her boyfriend wouldn't understand and find another girlfriend. Ashley didn't want to miss her chance, the only chance. Since she didn't have any place where she could go if she were turned out in the streets the only thing left for her to do was to agree with her uncle Rick. 

  At first Rick thought that his niece could put on a fight, but he was happy now that she didn't do it. Smiling, her uncle had left the room and Ashley was in a hurry to pick up her cell phone. The girl had to phoned her boyfriend and try to reason with him.

  "Hello, honey," the gentle voice agreed her. "What's up? Some trouble with you again?"
	
  Hearing his irritated voice, the girl replied in a shaking voice, "My uncle... feels... ill..."
	
  "Fuck it, baby! If he's ready to die so be it!" her boyfriend was getting crazy.
	
  "But... but..." Ashley hoped that he wouldn't be too cross.
	
  "I don't give a fuck for your buts! Dig it?" her boyfriend kept on pushing more and more.
	
  "But I'll be able to go later," the girl was happy to find a new hope.
	
  "And when is that gonna be?" his strict voice asked her.
	
  "I think it'll be at 10 p.m," Ashley said and knew that she would do anything to be on time.
	
  "Okay, I'll drop by then," her boyfriend Joe said and turned off the phone.
	
  After she had disconnected, Ashley thought about the fastest way to please her boyfriend tonight and she knew that there would be more than usual passionate kisses. After all, the cheerleader was happy that he wasn't too hard on her.
***
  Ashley was so caught up in her planning for her coming date that she didn't notice how time had flew. Suddenly she heard the doorbell ring that made her come to herself and the girl knew that the guests had finally arrived. The girl decided to get dressed for her date now so as not to waste time later dressing-up. Ashley already wore her black stand-up bra and tiny black G-thong that hardly covered her pussy slit. 

  Staring at her reflection in the mirror, the girl was pleased with the way her firm tits looked. She wore an open-styled bra that didn't cover her pinky nipples at all. Her uncle Rick couldn't imagine that his niece could wear a bra like this. He'd tell her to get out of his place if he knew it! Looking down she saw that her G-thong hardly covered her pink pussy slit and they were very elastic. 

  Ashley was so excited and couldn't resist the temptation of playing with her pussy although the guests and her uncle were in the place. The girl had never done it herself with people around. She moved her flimsy panties aside from her already moist pussy, putting her hot box on display. Imagining that her hand was her dear boyfriend's, the girl put two fingers of hers in her mouth. Ashley closed her eyes, letting her fantasy take her away, and her tongue slowly ran around them, making them wet. As soon as they had been spit-covered, the girl started sucking them in. Ashley liked giving blowjobs so much and oral sex was the only thing she had experienced. The girl made up her mind to lose her virginity with her husband after she was married and there was no way for anyone to talk her into having a cock in her pussy. It drove her crazy when her fingers began sawing in and out of her pouty mouth and her tongue danced around them. Like in a trance, her hand with richly spit-covered fingers left her eager mouth and started their way down her sexy body. The fingers touched her body's skin slightly and a wet trail was left after them. Ashley was in a habit of masturbating when she was alone, but now it was too much for her to wait and the girl wanted to be extremely hot for her boyfriend. She felt like a dirty slut now, but the girl didn't give it a care.

  All those days without her boyfriend's attention kept the beauty very excited. Ashley couldn't wait any longer and she and she hurrily lay on the carpet-covered floor. Imagining herself a young porn star, the girl spread her legs wide and glanced at her reflection in the mirror. Although she wasn't bi-sexual the girl adored her body in that sexy black lingerie. Her panties' front was aside her pussy so that Ashley enjoyed her juicy-covered pussy's look. The pussy was pink and already dripping. On the spur of the moment, the young girl touched it with her spit-covered fingers and it brought warm waves of pleasure to her. The chick's fingers immediately found her swollen bean-like clit just below her V-formed nicely-trimmed hairy patch and her trembling increased considerably. Her slippery fingers started working on it and her hips were rising up and bouncing according to the tempo of her rubbing. It felt so good and Ashley was surprised how swiftly she was about to cum. Just as the girl threw her head back and was about to enjoy her orgasm, there was a knock on her room door.

  She didn't understand that it was a knock, because her head was spinning around from pleasure but then reality stroke her dead. "Shit!" Ashley whispered loud and was almost overtaken with a desire to cum, but the fear of being busted forced her to jump to her feet without getting off. In her almost naked condition, the excited chick rushed as fast as could to the door to prevent opening and prayed to be there in time. 

  As soon as she had succeeded and restored her breath, the girl yelled, "Sorry, but I'm busy getting changed."

  "Okay but be quick about it!" said a young voice behind the door.

  The girl felt comfortable that it wasn't her uncle Rick. He could become suspicious about her gasping.

  Holding the door tightly Ashley stood there and tried to slow her breathing and the heartbeat. Now she knew that she had to get dressed quickly and be on duty. The girl waited until the guy walked away to her uncle and breathed out with a relief. Her pussy was hot for pleasure, but Ashley had risked enough. Looking down at her crotch she saw the her pussy lips were wet and red after such an intensive masturbation. The girl had to fix her panties' front on her pussy and forget about pleasure. Notwithstanding it, Ashley knew that she would give her loving boyfriend the night of his life, of course without popping her cherry.

  The excited girl made her way to a wardrobe and threw all her stuff out on the bed. She always tried to look sexy and teasing, so her clothes were various.  Ashley was looking through them, trying to decide what to wear. The girl had finally decided about her appearance: she wanted to look almost naked so that her boyfriend would be really happy to be next to her. Of course Ashley understood that her uncle Rick wouldn't approve it, but she hoped that he wouldn't strike a quarrel in his friends' presence. 

  So the girl picked up a top with "OPENING SOON" on it and tried it on. Then she moved over to the mirror and saw how it fit her perfectly, showing all her body's curves especially her stand-up titties and her nipples protruding very noticeably under her top. The top also showed her flat stomach and it made her to do some rap-dance that guys love. Delighted with her appearance the girl went up to the shelf for shoes and chose some high-heeled ones. Bending down to buckle them up in front of the mirror with her back to it, Ashley glanced between her shapely legs at the mirror and it made her hot, seeing herself like a movie star.

  Just like before, her reverie was broken by the young man's voice and it sounded sweet and irritated a bit, "Honey, hurry up!"

  "Yes, I'm almost done," the girl yelled in return.

  Ashley picked up the last article of her clothes and it was a short pleated skirt. She was in a hurry to put it on and glanced at her reflection for the last time. What did she see? There was a pretty girl and her appearance wasn't nun-like. Her top showed her stomach and her tits pulled out the material from her body, but the pleated cut-off skirt hardly went down to her mid-thighs and her "fuck me" high-heeled shoes fit her perfectly and it looked like she was taller and slimmer than usual. It was the perfect outfit and it revealed more than covered. Ashley did hope that her uncle Rick wouldn't pay much attention to her appearance and her stunning features would strike her boyfriend's imagination. 

  Being happy, the girl stuffed all her things back in the wardrobe, making a mess in it and hurried toward the guests to serve. Ashley turned off the lights on her way out of the room and she was ready to listen to uncle's comments on her clothes, but the girl was smart enough. She moved over to the kitchen to make some sandwiches for guests. 

  When she stepped inside the girl saw that sandwiches had already been made and the only thing she had to do was to grab them and three beer bottles for her uncle and the guests to take them to the sitting room where they were. Just before entering the sitting-room Ashley put on her most charming smile and started swaying her hips very seductively. As soon as the girl had entered the room, the guests dropped their jaws and only her uncle could say something.

  "Holy crap! You look like a fucking go-go club waitress. Are you fucking nuts? We are here to play not jerk off!"

  Uncle Rick was very angry and kept on swearing. His irritation was clearly seen and the poor girl was afraid of it. He could easily prohibit her to go out with her boyfriend tonight and it was the worst thing in the world for her. Uncle Rick had never sworn, especially in front of guests.

  The guests, the neighbour John and his father, were shocked. Of course, they didn't argue with her wearing such teasing clothes around them. John, a guy of 23, tried to reason with her uncle and he succeeded. Uncle Rick calmed down in some time and there were some dirty jokes about everything soon. The girl was so glad that John was such a good friend that he was on her side.

  Time was flying away and the time of her leaving was coming. The only way out for her was to make them all drunk. Every time she went to the kitchen to grab some sandwiches, Ashley brought many can beers for them, but she never forgot about herself and drank several gulps of some vodka when she was at the kitchen. The girl knew that it would better for her being high a bit with her boyfriend in his car.

  Her plan was coming to reality and she saw her uncle who was hardly conscious from alcohol, but the guests could drink more. The beauty glanced at her watch and saw that it was almost 9:30 p.m. Her boyfriend would be here soon and she didn't want to lose him. So Ashley went to the kitchen for her friends' last round of sandwiches and beer. 

  This time she was there in the kitchen making the sandwiches but she didn't notice the way John, her neighbor's son, had been staring at her all evening. He was about 7"tall and broad-shouldered. His blue eyes were so piercing that no girl could resist them and his well-rippled body could persuade anyone. And the last thing was that he had a pile of money and no one knew what his money resource was. Some people were afraid of his appearance; he had some rap-styled tattoos on him and his head was stylishly short-cropped in stripes on his temples. When you are next to him you just can't resist his charisma.

  After she had left the sitting-room, John collected himself and followed her to the kitchen. The guy hoped that he could have a chance for some fun with her. John wasn't the guy number one, but he always had his share of girlfriends. Plus, Ashley liked him a lot, but this night was for her loving boyfriend.

  John's current condition gave him more will and he decided to try his luck with the girl he had had a crush for a long time. The guy slipped out of the room by stealthy while his father and Rick continued their drunkards' talking. He went stealthly toward the kitchen where Ashley was making sandwiches. 

  When John opened the kitchen door a little he saw the girl bent over the table making sandwiches and her beautiful skirt-covered ass attracted his drunken mind. Unnoticed, he stepped inside and closed the door behind him. John hoped that he wouldn't be caught, because he wanted to have a real entertainment here.

  By that time Ashley was also excited and drunk a bit. As soon as she was through and ready to leave, the girl felt somebody's body behind her. That body pressed her to the table and Ashley could tell who it was immediately by his amazing odor. 

  "Hey!" the beauty said in her childish voice. "What do you have in your corrupted mind, Johnny-boy?"

Ashley was always teasing and she had never thought that it was no good to do with every other guy, but John liked it now and he considered that he gave him advice to be straight.

  "I like you so much baby and have been wanting this moment for a long time!" the excited guy tried to be square.

  At just that very moment Ashley felt her body being pushed against the table tightly. His palms were on her curvy hips and squeezed like he had the right to do so. Ashley could feel the big tent in his pants against her ass's crack and she liked the way her neighbour's body reacted on her appearance. The girl was sure now that her boyfriend's reaction would be the same. Standing there like that, Ashley was struck by his size and it felt like his cock was much bigger than her boyfriend's was. The time had stopped for her now. 

  The drunken girl was so excited and his kind words and warm breath against her sensual neck and ear made it much hotter. Of course, John saw that the girl was at the point of no return and knew that she would thaw in his passionate hands. Holding her in that position with his strong hands, the guy put his hot lips on her tender neck and Ashley closed her eyes with pleasure. Plunged into her emotions, she didn't notice the way his hand was moving up her body slowly searching all her curves. When it turned up on her flushed cheek Ashley was ready for anything and she absolutely forgot about anything, even about her date. How long she was without a guy by her side? 

  John's hand turned her head to his a bit so that her lips sealed on his and it was her mouth that eagerly opened. He didn't resist her desire and let her tongue slide into his mouth. Ashley wasn't a shy girl that she looked like when her uncle was around and she didn't care that she was kissing with a guy who was older than her considerably. Any thoughts about her boyfriend flew out of her head. In no time their tongues started struggling fiercely as one of his hands caressed her ear's globe and another one lay on her flat stomach rubbing it gently. 

  Like John, Ashley was on the seventh Heaven, but the guy came here not for kisses. He wasn't a teenager any more and he loved adult things, but the next step of his had waken her up. John's hand moved up her body and squeezed her right tit through her top. It was a great sensation to feel it. He had been staring at her nipples that had been protuding through her top all evening long and now he felt it. Ashley enjoyed their kisses so much and she didn't break them, but she couldn't let John do such things with her. She wasn't a slut. 

  "Stop it, neighbor," Ashley whispered to her lover in a sweet tone. "I'm not a slut to be felt up!"

  "C'mon girl!" John begged her without stopping to squeeze the young flesh.

  The girl understood that the best way was to speak face-to-face and turned around. 

  Ashley whispered, staring at his starring lust-filled eyes, "Please understand me! I must be off to see my boyfriend!"

  The girl couldn't make up anything better to walk out. After the words she had said, Ashley noticed the stern look appeared on his face and she felt confused.

  "Girl, do you think I'm too bad to spend some time with you?" the guy asked her.

  "No, not at all," the girl tried to keep her sweet tone.
	
  "At the least, you should be grateful for what I have done for you tonight!" John said, planning what he wanted to do next.
	
  "What are you talking about, man?" puzzled, Ashley asked him.
	
  "You do know it was me who calmed your uncle down or you could be locked in your fucking room for a long time!" John tried to pull the strings. "Then your boyfriend would dump you!"

  His words impressed her a lot and Ashley didn't resist at all when John put his other hand on her other tit and squeezed a bit. Ashley herself moved her wet mouth to his opened mouth again and put her arms around his neck erotically. Kissing her, the guy didn't think that the girl would agree to his arguments but perhaps she was too drunk to get the point. The couple was so much into their hot kissing that they forgot about the rest of the world. 

  John knew that he was skating on the ice but he decided to tempt his luck. He couldn't bear it any longer and the guy slowly pulled her top up revealing her tits slowly. As soon as her breasts were on display, he pulled the cups of her open-styled bra and cupped her young flesh in his strong hands gently. It immediately spread warm waves of pleasure through her body. His touched made Ashley moan and gasp. He knew that he was in control of hers and the guy was eager to taste her. 

  Then John broke the kiss. Ashley opened her eyes in confusion and she wanted to know what was wrong. The guy put his arms around her and easily raised her so that he managed to sit her on the table. Ashley liked this romantic way and the girl kept having her time as her neighbour's lips started their way down her body towards her small chin. Then they appeared on her neck and Ashley felt his lips nipping it. John knew that she would have bruises after it and her dear boyfriend would notice it. Her boyfriend would dump her in any case after it.

  Feeling how hot Ashley was, the guy lips kept on moving further, down to her breasts. His fingers had been squeezing and pitching her pink nipples all that time so that they became red, hard and swollen. John was ready to try anything to "talk" her into sex. At the time his lips appeared on her nipples, Ashley understood that her top was above her tits and that she was in all her glory in front of his eyes, but she didn't care any more. The girl was never so excited. Lust filled her as John sucked her aching nipples in and nipped them slightly. His tongue circled around them and Ashley's moans began louder and louder. The guy didn't act shyly and squeezed her firm tits hard as his mouth sucked them in. it was too much for Ashley and she put her hands around his neck. A minute more and she would be ready to ask him to fuck her right there, on the table. John liked the way Ashley reacted on his attention. 

  Staring into her eyes with his starring look and whispered, "Ash, you are a filthy slut!"
	
  "Why, Johnny?" Ashley felt dirty at his comment.
	
  "You are gonna be out for your date and when he's away you act like a fucking slut!" John replied.
	
  The guy liked to play with her and wanted more. His hands squeezed her tits more and her nipples were stuck between his fingers. Ashley liked being with him and she was constantly excited, but his words scared the girl, although she understood that John was kidding.
	
  "What do you think your uncle will say when he knows what kind of underwear you wear?" he paused.

  Ashley knew that her uncle Rick would really be angry if he knew what underwear she had on. His words made her to think it over and she thought why he said it, but he replied his question himself.

  "He'll just kick your pathetic ass out of here and you'll have to live on the streets until you are killed there!" John replied.
	
  His words paralyzed the girl as she stood there. John's hands squeezed her perky tits again and his mouth moved to her nipples. As soon as she had felt his hot lips on her hard nipple again, she forgot everything and she went to the land of pleasure and lust. 

  The girl was too much into it that she didn't notice how his hand appeared under her short skirt. John understand that it was the matter of time when he would fuck her teen pussy and the girl surely wanted it from his point of view.  The guy rested his hand on her flimsy panty's front. He could feel what kind of panties they were and knew that Ashley planned to get laid out tonight. So he could help her out.

  Ashley was so much overtaken with emotion that she didn't pay any attention to his hand on her crotch that hardly could cover with the G-thongs. The girl just kept on enjoying the sensations his mouth was giving to her. 

  John guessed it was high time for action. The guy easily moved her panties' front aside revealing her slippery pussy slit and moved his fingertip along her wet slit, spreading her odor around the room. These extreme sensation brought her reality and Ashley was in a hurry to inform him. 

  Gasping and catching her breath to spit something out, the girl whispered, "Baby, please let me be a virgin like I am!"

  Ashley's nipple slipped out of his his slurping mouth and John raised his head up. Staring at her eyes, he thought about words to talk her into something. 

  "Of course, baby. I'd like to make you cum," he whispered to her. "So I wanna eat you before you go away."
	
  "Yes, of course," Ashley replied without thinking it over.

  The girl was glad what she had heard and she moved to a sofa by the wall. She was sure that he could bring her to an orgasm in no time since he was so good at kissing. Ashley had never felt so good before, even with her boyfriend. 

  She put her head on the soft armchair without fixing her clothes. John was glad that everything was going like he had planned and he laid between her slim legs in a moment. The guy liked that the girl spread her legs herself like a well-trained pet and he knew that it was nothing new for her. John lowered his head to her moist pussy and saw how nice her hair-trimmed pussy looked. All pink and wet.

  John wanted to tease her more. The guy spread her pussy lips and just blew on her swollen clit. His breath was so hot that Ashley couldn't bear it any longer. Like the bitch in heat, Ashley grabbed his head and pressed it tightly against her hardcore zone. It was the thing the John had wanted. 

  The guy did a single licking and her body gave up. His cock immediately gave a stir and the guy made up his mind to make her cum as fast as he could and get what he had wanted for such a long time. John's tongue started running along her pussy, nipping and sucking her pink lips in here and there. Ashley was right about John: his tongue was really agile and her hips were moved in the rhythm with his tongue. Doing it, the guy  slowly inserted his finger into her wet pussy. Her pussy was so tight that his finger hardly squeezed there. After he had drove his finger a bit inside, he felt her elastic membrane, the hymen. 

  "This slut wasn't a liar when she said that her cherry isn't broken!" John thought and decided not to break her maidenhead. In spite of it, he was eager to pop her cherry. In any case, Ashley was nothing but a young slut in his eyes. 

  While the guy's tongue flicking on her swollen clit his finger enjoyed the tightness of her virgin pussy. Ashley moaned so loud without thinking that she could be caught by her uncle, she was just in another world now, the world of excitement and pleasure. The girl thought that John had been doing it forever, but he had been eating her for minutes only. This time was enough to bring her to the peak and her hips began rising up and moving towards John's tongue. 

  "Yes baby, yes! You're making me cum!" the girl screamed.
	
  Ashley was ready to cum and grabbed John's head moving it tightly against her pussy. Just as John's tongue entered her vagina the girl's pussy clutched around it and began squirting, covering his face with her juices. It felt so good and Ashley wanted it to last forever. Although she had cum, her hips kept on moving like before and Ashley couldn't stop. It was her very first orgasm that she had had from oral sex in her life and her boyfriend had never given the half of it to her. Delighted, John rose up and sat next to the virgin, smiling. 
	
  "I liked it so much! You are the best!" Ashley said, trying to restore her breath.

  She was in such a delight that she couldn't stop. John looked at her and he liked his conquest. As a result, his teen neighbour had just have orgasm and laid enjoing the rest of it. Ashley's hand laid on her tits and squeezed them. How much she wanted to have it again, but something occurred to her. They were too long here, but her uncle and John's dad was left in the sitting-room without sandwiches and beer. John understood that it was high time for his pleasure, especially when he noticed that she was about to stand up. He swiftly laid on her so that his face was in several inche's length from hers. Ashley sudden thought that he wanted to fuck him, but she was wrong.
	
  "I don't think you want your dear uncle to see my face all covered in your juices, do you?" John kept on playing with her.
	
  "No, baby!" Ashley said in her coy way.
	
  "Then show me what a filthy slut you are and lick all your juices off my face," John commanded.
	
  Her boyfriend was never so dirty and it felt so new for her. Ashley liked it so much and the girl stuck her tongue out to lick her lover's face, although she disliked that he called her names. On top of that, Ashley didn't want to show him how much she adored licking off her sweet juices, but she couldn't conceal it. The girl slowly licked, collecting all her juices off his face. John liked it very much and he thought about having such a slut at hand. The guy let her show her dirty side. Her teasing licks made him excited so much and even more when her hot tongue slid into his mouth, the place where their tongues struggled again. 

  John enjoyed the way Ashley shown him that she wanted him, but he was eager to get down to plan B. He broke their kisses again and held the girl's face by the chin.

   "You know baby you have just got off," the guy started to make his dream come true. "And to be honest I want to cum too!"
	
  "Johnny, but you do know that I'm a virgin and so forget it!" Ashley giggled at her behavior.
	
  "Okay, you just jerk my cock until I cum and I'm absolutely sure that you have done it many times with your boyfriends!" John was very blatant and put his hands on his pants and unzipped them.
	
  His gesture meant any negative answer and the girl didn't resist it at all in her current condition. Ashley sat next to him and froze in anticipation of seeing his cock. The girl couldn't imagine how huge it could be, but she was sure that his cock was much bigger than her boyfriend's. John sat and wait when she would show her talants, but Ashley sat, waiting for his cock getting released. The guy wanted to play with her more.
	
  "What are waiting for? Just get the cock out and start working on it," he said in a friendly way.
	
  In anticipation of seeing his cock, Ashley pulled his pants and boxers down together. John noticed her hands were shaking and she was excited to see what was coming. As soon as his cock got released, his monster sprang out and bumped against his 6-pack loudly, leaving a sticky trail of his pre-cum on it. Staring at it, Ashley instinctively licked her lips preparing to stroke such a huge cock. John decided to help her and he took off the rest of his clothes in the spur of the moment. Like in a trance, the girl bent down over his manhood and put her trembling hand on it. 
	
  "Like it?" John asked seeing the delight in her eyes.

  Ashley had no words or any will to reply his question. Although she had already seen several cocks and their looks excited her so much, those were not even to this one. This cock was far better. It was the first time she had seen such a great species in her life. 

  Until now, Ashley always considered that her boyfriend was big. His manhood was about 7", but John's cock was immense compared to her boyfriend's and it was about 12" and very thick. 

  She hadn't even seen such cocks in skin flicks. Her tender hand could hardly reach around his swollen vein-covered hard-on. Like in a trance, Ashley immediately started moving her soft palm up and down that hard monstrous tool, trying to speed up to see the pleasure on her partner's face and it made her hot as hell. 
	
  The girl was so much into it and it looked like she enjoyed this more than John did. Ashley did it some time and her head was spinning from excitement. John couldn't see how much she was into it and the guy came to the idea that the girl got accustomed to his cock's size.

  "Baby you know you always need lubrication during sex, even during masturbation. So try to lick it for my pleasure!" John tried to get more.

  Ashley was shocked at his blatant speech, but it was nice to hear "baby" from him instead of "slut". Notwithstanding the way he talked to her, she looked forward for him suggesting it. Ashley was in the point of no-return and forgot that John's father and her uncle were in the sitting-room and they could enter the kitchen in any moment. On top of that, her boyfriend was coming to her place for a date and the girl dressed like that for him.

  Ashley wanted to give John such pleasure like he had recently given to her. Holding his cock, the girl saw the traces of his pre-cum on his stomach and she moved her mouth towards them. Then in her usual manner, Ashley stuck her tongue out and slowly licked that mess off his flesh. John sat and closed his eyes in pleasure. The girl looked up and saw his happy face.

  It was a great stimulation for her. After glancing his polished-off stomach, Ashley pressed her mouth against his cock. At the time she was about to take it in her mouth, the girl heard her neighbour's voice shouting.
	 
  "Hey Ash! Your guy is calling and says that he will be at the entrance in a quarter of an hour!"
	
  John heard his father's voice too and it could spoil his perfect plan in a moment. Of course, his dad could guess what his son and Ashley had been doing in the kitchen since they left the sitting-room a long time ago. All these thoughts made him to act fast if he wanted more of this girl's attention.

  Ashley was about to remove her lips from his hard cock, but John grabbed by the top's neck roughly and pulled it down so that the head of his cock pressed against her face. The girl understood that they would have to make him cum this way or another. By the way, it was no good to leave the guy who had done such great things for her with blue balls. Although she felt like a filthy slut after the girl had come to herself. 
	
  "Listen to me, babe! Since you are too slow in jerking me off you can try blowing me. It's your right to choose but remember if you fail your uncle may catch us. The fastest way to make a guy cum is to suck his cock," John said it swiftly
	
  Ashley immediately understood that she would have to suck him to make him cum but another thought struck her. The smell of cum on her could be smelt by her uncle or even her boyfriend.
	
  "Let's make a deal baby. I won't suck your cock now because I don't wanna stink like a cum bucket but when I'm back I'll reward your waiting like a very obedient neighbor!" the girl said smiling teasingly and thought about her coming great time with her boyfriend.
	
  When she offered him this deal, Ashley didn't have any cheating on her loving boyfriend in her mind and hoped that everyone would be snoring like a steamer by the time she come back.
	
  "Okay, that's deal!" John agreed, but he knew that she would try to make a fool of him. "But I want a preview of coming events now." 
	
  John understood that it was too stupid to wait for her reaction and pulled her by her top collected in his fist toward his raging cock with one hand and he put another hand on the back of her head. Any hesitation that was in her mind vanished and Ashley had to opened her mouth wide enough to let his 12" cock slid inside. 
  
  As soon as her tongue had touched his dickhead, John threw his head back on the sofa and closed his eyes in pleasure. Ashley immediately felt his body relaxed. All she had to do was to suck his cock a bit and flee away. 

  The girl always liked deep-throating her boyfriend and she was very good at it, but John's cock was too huge for her to swallow. Every time Ashley tried to swallow more and more. While the girl was bobbing up and down John pushed on the back of her head harder and harder and it made the excited girl swallow his endless cock deeper and deeper. Finally, she had managed to swallow the half of his dick and she choked and gagged on it. Her well-trained jaws ached terribly. At first, Ashley considered that she was going to suck his cock a bit, but she could tell that the guy was close to cumming from his panting and convulsing.

  At the time she was going to try to get John's cock out of her sore mouth, the girl heard the kitchen's door opening. She got caught in the act now! In despair Ashley kept on sucking and she knew that she was finished. The girl forgot about pre-cautions and it was her fault!
	
  "Hey guys, here I am," the newcomer's voice said.
  
  Ashley immediately relaxed that it wasn't her uncle Rick who could kick her ass in the streets. Perhaps, she could reason with John's father, but she was ashamed of herself.
	
  John's father entered the room and guessed that his son and Ashley were making sandwiches but he was surprised that the table was vacant. When he turned to leave the room he saw the young couple, his son and his neighbor's beauty, on the sofa.
	
  "Oh guys, I see you don't waste your time! Ash what would your uncle say if it was him not me that came in?" the old man wanted to play too; like father, like son.
	
  Ashley was too ashamed to look up and kept on sucking; hoping that if she sped up her sucking John would cum faster. John's father was smart and decided to film it on his cell's cam to show it his friends later at some party. As the girl kept on sucking trying to get as much of his cock as she could, the neighbor was recording her to play it back for his enjoyment. 

  Her intense sucking was so good that John froze and started cumming in her aching mouth. It was also something new for her, because her boyfriend had never cum in her mouth. It felt so terrifying and unusual for her and this night was full of new experience for her. When she felt the guy freeze Ashley knew what it meant. The girl was in a hurry to get and his monstrous cock out of her sore mouth or she would be a real slut in her neighbours' eyes, but she failed. The stream of his hot sticky cum touched her palate and startled her. Ashley jerked her head back and his cock sprang out of her mouth shooting off other sticky streams that hit on her face. Swallowing the cum that was in her mouth, she turned her head to John's father and she was shocked. He stood there with his cell phone in his hand and was filming her first blowjob with his son. 
	
  "Hey, what are you doing?" the girl began panicking staring at the cell.
	
  "Girl my father didn't believe me when I told him that you are a filthy slut who is eager to put your hands on any cocks!" John kept on fucking around and he liked the way she acted.
	
  "I'm not a fil..." Ashley interrupted her phrase when she noticed what John was doing. "What the hell are you doing?"
	
  "Nothing honey. Just cleaning my cock," he simply replied.
	
  At that very moment John was rubbing his cum-covered cock clean with the top she was wearing. Ashley couldn't believe her eyes. She did wear it because it was her most striking one. Ashley tried to tear it away from his grip around his cock and his father laughed out loud. 

  "Ash, it'd be great if you manage to go to your room for changing, but your drunken uncle passed away there. He's fucking drunk!" John's father told her with a big smile on his face. "I'd like to see his reaction what a slut his niece are!"

  "Please stop it!" Ashley begged him to stop talking dirty with her.

  "Ash, the best thing you can do is just lick my cock clean like you do with your boyfriend!" John said in a matter-of-factly tone.

  Her first wish was to say that she wasn't such a kind of girl. She was shocked that John's father was as dirty as John himself was. The girl didn't have to said twice and she moved her mouth to the guy's dickhead. He smiled and he was glad how easy she could. His mind already thought about making her his sex slave, but she had to act more for that. John thought that it was good enough for the starting.

  The guy released her already cum-soiled top and Ashley stuck her tongue out. Her agile tongue began slowly circling around its piss-hole gathering all pre-cum she could find on that spot and then she licked all his dickhead, teasingly. The girl felt the cock stir and she became worried about an extra blowjob if she kept it at her pace. Then her tongue tried to cover all area on John's cock, removing thick globs of sticky cum off the shaft. 

  Ashley tried to do it really fast, because she wanted to get out of this nightmare and meet her boyfriend. The girl knew if her boyfriend was unhappy again, he would never give her another chance. At last Ashley was through with it and John's cock looked well-cleaned. With a victorious smile on her face the girl stood up to leave the place.
	
  "I must be off!" she said and rushed away to her boyfriend.
	
  When she started her way out of there, John slapped her ass loudly and Ashley thought that it could be heard everywhere. 

  "Don't forget about your promise! I'll be waiting for you to have my blowjob!" the guy reminded her.
	
  Ashley didn't want to think about it at all and swore at herself for making that promise. She closed the front door behind herself and used the elevator to leave the block of flats. When she was on her way down in the elevator, the girl tried to fix her clothes. Ashley hoped that her boyfriend Joe wouldn't notice the stains of cum on her top and the odor of cum in her breath. As soon as the beauty appeared outside, she gulped the fresh night air and tried to collect herself. There was a car's horn in a moment and it was her boyfriend Joe, who had recently been cheated on.
	
  John and his father stayed at the kitchen and laughed out loud at what had happened.

  "Dad, she's gonna have more of me and you tonight!" John smiled and patted his father's shoulder. "The night is still young and we need to work out some plan for our coming performance!"
	
  "Son, she's outta my range! Just take her for yourself, sonny!" smiling, his father announced.
	
  "No dad, I know that she's a young piece of ass, but I don't think that you don't wanna try young meat! I don't think it's gonna be one night stand!: John tried to play with his father too.

  After that, they made their way back to the sitting-room and started making up their outing for Ashley. They guessed that uncle Rick would let his good neighbours take care of his little niece. 

  "Dad, be careful! Don't erase the clips of her sexual behavior!" the son told his father and they both laughed out loud.

Your comments and feedbacks would be highly appreciated at sluttish_88@yahoo.com!
