Something fishy in my numb wife's pussy
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

My wife and I always go to the fresh market to buy weekly supply of fish, meat and eggs every Saturday morning. The market we go to is really huge and attracts a large number of regular customers. The market opens at 5.30 in the morning and by 10.30am most of the produce is gone. My wife especially loves to stock on tiger prawns, fish and mutton. A stall also sells organic farm-fresh eggs and that really is my favourite stall as I love eggs in any form.

Last Friday both my wife and I drank a bit too much and ended up having wild sex till the wee hours of Saturday and but of course, we couldn't wake up in time to get freshest of fish and by the time we reached the market, it was already 10.45am way beyond the time to get anything. If we were lucky, I thought, we would get a dozen eggs.

When we rushed to our favourite fish stall, the owner was just wrapping up his business. He greeted us with a smile and said apologetically, "Oh you are too late today and everything is finished already. I just have one fish left but I wanted to take it home to cook myself." Just as we were turning back, he added, "Oh but why don't you go to Kaku's stall? He might still have some stuff."

So we headed towards Kaku's stall which we were told was numbered 127. We searched and searched only to find it in the back of the market. It was the only fish stall in that row. On one side of the stall were some other vegetable stalls which had also closed already. On the other side of Kaku's stall was the end of the market and there was this huge ceiling to floor wall sheltering it from the harsh morning sun and other environmental elements. Probably because of this shade, Kaku could afford to keep his stall open for a little longer.

Even then, there were only a few fish left on display. My wife, dressed to shop fish, was wearing a cotton summer dress with thin straps holding the dress from her shoulders. I was wearing shorts and a t-shirt. Just then Kaku walked out, thrashing swamp of flies with a flick of a towel draped on his bare shoulders. In fact most of his body was barely clad. The only piece of cloth he was wearing was a very tight pair of shorts. The shorts were so tight that the only way he could have got into them must have been by painting them over his body.

He was a fit man of about 45-years of age. He was extremely tall and muscular. His taut muscles rippled under sheen of sweat all over his body. His hair was long, tied behind in a ponytail. And even that otherwise feminine sign accentuated his maleness. As he passed by my side a few times, I caught a whiff of male musk - a heady mixture of sweat, urine, underarm hair and the crotch area.

My wife mentioned that our regular stall owner had recommended him and he smiled, showing shining set of teeth. My eyes involuntarily traveled to his torso and I caught the outline of his cock and balls from his black tight shorts. He shouted at his assistant to get some fresh fish from inside and his assistant, a skinny black man with nigger-hair on his head and bare chest, sprinted out with a basket of fish. He was about five metres away from us and wavering a healthy looking fish he asked Kaku in some sign language. As Kaku nodded, his assistant threw the fish towards Kaku in a high arc. Kaku caught the fish expertly like a cricket player and offered my wife for a look. When my wife shook her head, Kaku asked for another fish. This time his assistant wavered another fish and threw it to Kaku who was caught unawares. He lost his balance but still managed to catch the fish right on top of his crotch. I could clearly see the outline of his cock aligned with the fish and I imagined a slight movement in his cock but he got up too fast for me to notice anything else.

My wife seemed fascinated with their throwing and catching fish antic. Kaku too noticed her interest. "Would you like to try?" he asked my wife, who seemed very unsure. But when Kaku insisted a few more times, she agreed. Kaku, then again asked his assistant to throw a fish, and he wavered a slightly smaller fish and threw it towards my wife. Absolutely an amateur, my wife slipped over the slippery floor and landed in an awkward position. The fish, somehow slipped inside her dress and landed straight on her pussy mound.

I don't know what happened. Perhaps it was the impact of the fish landing on her with such force or perhaps some sharp edge of the fish bone stung her, but a thin trail of blood drew out of my wife's thighs. I was concerned and rushed towards her but Kaku was faster. He was next to my wife within seconds and her head was in his lap and his hands were on the cut and his eyes were inspected the source of the blood upclose. In all this flurry, my wife's dress had ridden to her waist and her white-cotton-panty clad pussy was on a brazen display to a man wearing only a tightest of tight pair of shorts or more like swimming trunks.

I should have been more worried about her cut but my thoughts and eyes kept racing to the Kaku's significant package hidden not so discreetly in his oh-so tight shorts. And the fact that now my wife head was resting on his soft spongy cock and a set of avocado-sized balls was making matters worse.

Kaku proclaimed that she needed some medical attention and carried her effortlessly in his strong arms - his biceps rippling under his taut skin. He pushed me aside and walked to his stall. I followed at a distance. Although I could hear an occasional groan from my wife, she didn't seem in severe pain but was a bit overwhelmed by her situation. Kaku laid her down gently on a big wooden crate. It was a high wooden crate and conveniently placed his crotch at the eye level with my wife's panty-clad pussy. My wife had by now pulled the dress down but even then it only covered her mid-thighs. Kaku called his assistant, whose name was Burga, and asked him to bring the first-aid box.

Then Kaku took out a cotton gauze splashed it with a little antiseptic lotion and without asking my wife, pulled the hem of her dress to her stomach. Then he bent down, his face just inches away from my wife's pussy, and dabbed the cotton on the cut. Even though cut was very small, the touch of alcohol made my wife jerk her body uncontrollably and this slight jerk pushed her crotch up and brushed against Kaku's mouth. I could see him swallow his spit as his huge adam's apple ran up and down inside this throat. Tentatively he dabbed the cut again a little more generously this time. My wife's abdomen was pushed up again and this time Kaku kept his mouth on her pussy mound for a longer than required time.

"Enough," my wife said meekly, her voice giving away her confusion.

"Okay, okay," Kaku declared as he cleared his throat and added, "But I better rub some cream over here otherwise you might get infection." My wife nodded and lay still. The box was long enough to accommodate the torso of my wife but it wasn't so long to allow her to stretch her legs so her legs had to either dangle down or bend down at 45 degrees. She had bent her legs. This was good in a way but it also made her panty-clad pussy and her buxom ass more visible to those in front of her. Kaku and Burga were thoroughly enjoying their view and I could see the Kaku's so far soft cock had already enlarged considerably and there was a dark wet spot at the tip of where his cock was. Burga was also in the same condition.

Kaku took out a tube of some antiseptic cream and started rubbing it gently on the cut. The cut was about three inches left of where my wife's legs and crotch met but Kaku's rubbing was very generous. He was rubbing the cream very close to my wife's pussy. He eased the side of the panty and her long pussy hair was visible directly. I was surprised that my wife was not reacting to his manipulations as he was now slowly inching very close to her pussy lips. Then I caught the tube of cream that he was rubbing on to my wife and was shocked beyond my imagination. It was a numbing cream used as anesthetic to numb muscles and skin. No wonder my wife could not feel anything and was not objecting. The worse part was, even though I now knew about it, even I was not objecting. The tube said that the cream should be rubbed on and around the area to be numbed for about 10 minutes to take any effect and it was now already 15 minutes (and much more than the required dosage) of rubbing. I saw too my excitement and horror that Kaku was now rubbing her pussy lips directly and she was just lying down...but I could see all this manipulation of her pussy had caused some moisture in her pussy. Oh my god, she was getting hot on this rubbing.

Burga, who was silently watching all this, moved to the head of my wife and started fanning her to keep the flies away. He saw her face and shouted, "Kaku, there are a few cuts on her face too. Pass me the cream maybe I just rub a little bit here." With that he helped himself to a copious amount of numbing cream and started rubbing liberally around her eyes. And after 10 minutes, as her eyes started closing and drifting to sleep, he started applying some cream around her mouth and throat. Kaku, now stood up, his enlarged cock now straining the confines of his small shorts. His cock was so large that its purple head, still covered with a large amount of foreskin despite being hard, was now peeking from the hem of his shorts.

His crotch was so close to my wife's crotch that I had difficult in stopping myself from putting his big black cock in my wife's pussy myself. I was torn between rescuing my wife from these two half-naked virile fishermen cum fish sellers and to see my wife's faithful pussy being invaded by their giant cocks. Kaku made the decision easier for me. 

"I can see a little cut deep inside her, sir," he asked, for the first time acknowledging my presence and addressing me, and as I nodded my head, he took out a different tube - containing Vaseline - and squeezed a small amount of Vaseline and applied it all over his cock. He was still wearing his shorts and had hauled his cock out from the side of his shorts. As I looked in awe at the way he was rubbing Vaseline on his big black veiny cock, he saw me looking and smiled, "Sure, sir, if you want to rub the cream yourself please go ahead and thus he offered me the tube and moved away." My head was so full of the pure erotic image of seeing his cock implanted in my wife's pussy that I misunderstood him and instead of applying the cream to my wife's pussy I gingerly held his cock and coated it entirely with a small amount of Vaseline preparing it to rub Vaseline to the inner walls of my wife's pussy.

Then I pulled my wife's panty off leaving her open to assault from any passing cocks. Kaku was the first. He put my hand back on his cock and pushed me forward. I understood and started rubbing his cockhead on my wife's moist pussy lips. Then I pushed his thick cock in a few inches as it jammed inside. Kaku took over from there pushing me towards Burga who by now having numbed my wife's mouth by putting enough cream around was slowly coating the cream - only meant for external use - inside her mouth. Once he was satisfied that her mouth and face were completely numb, he pulled his shorts waistband down and released his hard cock. Uncut just like Kaku, Burga's cock was about nine inches long and as thick as an Indian cucumber. It looked very ugly with bulging veins and it was bent downwards at a weird angle. Precum was oozing from the tip of his piss slit like it was on a free flow. He slowly turned my wife's head towards him and started rubbing his cock on her closed mouth. Her mouth, being numb, was slightly slackened and the skin was hanging loose. I helped Burga by holding my wife's mouth open and parting her teeth forcefully by inserting my fingers. When Burga pushed his cock in my wife's mouth, it's burning hot skin brushed against my fingers - skin to skin and I felt a sudden rush to my head. My cock was ready to burst my nuts even without touching it watching this hot erotic scene pass in front of me. Burga pushed past my wife's lips and entered her numbed mouth cavity. I could see his drooling precum coating the innards of her mouth and that made my feel a little jealous that it was her mouth being used and not mine.

I felt giddy at the thought of sucking on another man's cock. Burga smelled strongly of fish and that excited me even more.

My wife was now impaled on superior cocks from both her ends and I was alternating my views from Burga to Kaku, both of whom were pounding my wife's mouth and pussy with an energy only alpha males can boast of. I usually cum inside my wife within two or three minutes and seeing these to macho fishermen pound my wife for more than 15 minutes was aching my heart. I longed to take the place of my wife and be the proud recipient of their superior and magnificent manly cocks.

After what seemed like an eternity, Burga grabbed hold of my wife's head and jammed his cock deep inside her throat. With lack of Oxygen I saw my wife was choking and gagging on his massive cock but that excited me even more. Then I saw a strong pulsating in Burga's cock and his balls started tingling forcing millions of sperms out. I saw in disbelief as Burga spurted ropes after ropes of strong manly sperm inside my wife's mouth. I sat down to watch this spectacle from close quarters and saw just Burga's mouth-watering cock upclose. If I moved a mm I would have touched his cock. After spewing his cum inside her mouth Burga pulled his still rock-hard cock from her mouth and it hit me in the face. Another string of the remaining cum inside his cock landed on the bridge on my nose and slowly trickled down to my mouth where I quickly lapped it up. Seeing this Burga laughed loudly and started slapping my face with his hammer-like heavy cock. Each slap made the itch in my cock burn more strongly. Then Burga pushed my mouth straight on my wife's mouth and opened her lips. Voila! All his still-hot cum started flowing into my waiting mouth. I even scooped his cum from inside my wife's mouth and swallowed every single drop.

Kaku was also ready to cum and I quickly moved to see his cock pumping inside my wife. He was thrusting his cock in and out and spewing cum at the same time. I couldn't stop myself and locked my mouth at the base of my wife's pussy and got the taste of his cock and his sperm mixed with my wife's pussy juice. He even pushed his cock in my mouth a few times to let me taste his hot cum straight from his salami cock and I licked his shaft like a cum hungry whore.

Burga, who had disappeared, suddenly returned with two men - both in their seventies and wearing the toilet cleaner's uniform. They wasted no time in taking out their dirty cocks that reeked from two feet away and started playing with them to make them hard to abuse my wife's pussy and mouth. And in no time my wife was getting pounded by the two older workers. They didn't last long and wasted their sperm in my wife's mouth and pussy. After they were done, they left wiping their cocks clean on my shorts and t-shirt leaving dried yellowed stains. Burga and Kaku were hard again and they forced me to clean my wife's mouth and pussy - and I sucked the dirty smelly loads of the older men from her two holes and got her ready to take the fifth and sixth load of the day within less than one hour. The second time Burga and Kaku changed places and took their own sweet time in cumming. Once they were done, I didn't even wait to be told and licked her pussy and mouth clean.

I noticed that my wife was gaining consciousness and begged the two macho men to stop fooling around. Laughing, they stuffed their huge sausages back in their confined shorts and left me to attend to my wife. In five minutes time, my wife was completely okay. A bit giddy while walking but that's all.

She thanked Kaku profusely for attending to her and bought a big chunk of tuna. And promised them to be back only at their stall next Saturday. 

Kaku whispered in my eager ears before we left, "Next time I will make sure she is gone for more than two hours and I will arrange for some more fishermen to fuck her pussy with their dirty cocks. Are you game for it?" I grinned back and nodded my yes.

The End.