  On July 18th the dedication ceremony for the park took place. There were the usual carnival rides and booths with all kinds of activities associated with events like this. The order of events was short, just the way I like it. First, the County Commissioner would give a speech saying what a great addition the park is for the community and thanking me for donating the land and money to make it possible. Next was the Mayor of the town we lived in saying pretty much the same thing as the Commissioner. I followed with a speech and unveiling of the plaque. We had had sex not ten minutes before so Amy should be good for at least a half hour before we would need to retire somewhere to relieve ourselves and Im not much of a speaker so I kept it short and to the point. A lot of you already know me from Pops Bait Shop now Pops Sporting goods who you dont know is my daughter Amy As I point to her setting on my hip Her mother was the most loving, understanding and caring person I had the pleasure to call my friend. It is to her I dedicate this park. I reached over and yanked on a cord and the veil lifted off a monument revealing a bronze plaque set in marble with bias relief of Ginny at the top and the dates of her birth and death underneath and the words
   Ginny Park and Beach
  In Memory of
  Virginia C Nelson
  Loving Mother, Devoted Friend
  
  Amy started hopping up and down and showering me with kisses as I had kept it a secret from her, she was very surprised and extremely happy.
  When the ceremony was over, Amy saw some friends swimming and said she wanted to go swimming with them. I told her we need to go get her swimsuit and even then, I doubted it would fit since we swim naked in the pool I never thought to get her a new one. She pouted at me and said she could swim with her sundress on since you couldnt see through it and it was long and would stay down so no one would know shes not wearing panties. When she pouts and looks at me with those puppy dog eyes I can never say no so I let her go.
  I really hate plastic people, people that put on a face other than the one they have at home. I admire Amy she can see right through them and see the real them and know the truth about them. I was putting up with plastic people right now as I stand there people are thanking me and making small talk trying to be my friend so they can exploit the friendship for what ever they can get, people that wouldnt give me the time of day before I had money. I didnt do this for them; I did it for those that cant afford to do the things that most that come here do, for those who work for those that are shaking my hand with insincerity. There were many people here that I knew and respected, one was Dr. Lucas. Cindy and Stephanie were here, playing with Amy and her friends in the water. I was talking with Dr. Lucas and a police officer name Peter Owens; he was one of four officers permanently assigned to the park. Dr. Lucas was just telling me to call her Martha when I hear Daaadddyy I turn around and see Amy running towards me with her arms outstretched with Cindy and Stephanie and her friends right behind her. I reach down and pick her up and set her on my stomach and ask her whats wrong when she starts grinding her pelvis into my stomach and buries her head into my chest saying Im sorry daddy I cant help it. As she starts sliding her pussy up and down my now, juice soaked T Shirt. I looked at my watch and realized it has been almost an hour since our last session. Although I can go an hour or more, Amy cannot and now she had to do something and that was to use my stomach as best she could. 
  As Amy rubbed up and down my stomach, I could feel her juices soaking the front of my shirt and shorts. Amy seemed to like the way the ripples on my abs felt on her clit because she was concentrating on that area. I could feel her hard clit almost scrape my muscles. Amy started moaning and speaking profanities. Fuck yeah, thats it, sooo fucking good; fuck me daddy. among others. I was scared shitless; I looked at Martha. 
  Officer Owens couldnt quite make out what is going on and Martha saw the distress on my face and thought quickly. Shes has Tourettes syndrome and shes having a seizure Martha says. Why is she rocking like that and not jerking all around and the swearing? Officer Owens says. She has a rare form that makes her say things of a sexual nature and as for the rocking shes trying to control the spasms, we have found that if she rocks like that it is easier on her and her muscles dont cramp as bad. She replied. Are you treating her? he asks Yes, Im the only neurologist around and her problem is somewhat related to my field. Martha says as Amys seizures seem to get stronger and shes rubbing as fast as her little body could go. Officer Owens reaches over, strokes Amys head, and says Poor thing. Is there anything I can do to help? He asks. Martha strokes her back and says Its ok sweetheart dont worry about the swearing just concentrate on the seizures sweetie. Amy took this as a green light and let loose with the words. Ooh, yeah fuck me daddy, ram it hard. Shit, oh god, right there thats it yeeeeaaaaah. Amy couldnt stand it anymore, the combination of the effect of her clit rubbing on the ripples of my abs, the stroking of her head and back along with the considerable amount of onlookers made her peak as she drove her clit into my abdomen. She threw her head back and screamed. FUCK YEEEAAH, IM CUMING!
  I had been trying to hold her dress in place to not reveal anything and it was a good thing too because at almost the same time Amy came so did I. The front of my shirt from the chest down was soaked with her hot juices. The entire front of my shorts was soaked and her juices had made it down my legs to puddle on the ground at my feet. Just the feel of her hot liquid on my cock was enough to pull the trigger and I let loose. I had managed to keep her dress down to where the back of it went down to just below my waist and hid my initial blast but now it was filtering through the material below it. Officer Owens was next to me and slightly behind me looking at Amys face so he couldnt see what was happening below the waist. Cindy on the other hand was in front of us and noticed it. She pulled Stephanie and stood directly in front of us blocking the view. Amy had resumed her rubbing and continued like this all the while more people are closing around and stroking her as word spread about what was going on. Thats Kevin Nelsons daughter and she has seizures he heard someone say She cant help the swearing the poor thing someone else said.
  When Amy had had her fill, she looked around and said in a low tired voice. Thank you all for helping me. The crowd started breaking up and Officer Owens said. Well Id better do my rounds. Are you going to be ok Amy? He asked. Uh Huh, thanks Mr. Policeman. Amy replied. Thats Officer Pete to you little lady. He said with a smile as he walks away. When all that were left were Dr. Lucas and her assistants, Amy says Wow that was sooooo cooool. They all watched me have a gasm. Not just you, sweetie. She looks up at me and I nod Yep, you made me cream my jeans. I said. Amy let it sink in for a second then laughed and said, Cool as she smiled at me. That was quick thinking on your part. I said to Martha. I was going to discuss what should be said if this ever was to happen so there was some advanced thought that went into it. She said. Im surprised we fooled everyone. Youd be surprised at what people will believe when it involves someone whos young, rich and generous. Martha responded. Did we fool everyone? I asked Amy. She nodded her head and said Most of them; A couple of men were imaging I was doing what I was doing and one creamed his jeans she giggled and some where thinking I shouldnt be allowed outside like that and some were thinking that I probably could quit swearing but wont. Amy and I along with the two assistants went back into the water to rinse off and have some regular fun.
  What Amy wants, Amy gets, and what she wanted was to go to the beach three times a day. She had the same attribute as her mother and that was the joy of having public sex. She could not get enough of cuming outdoors and if people were around the better. If we werent at the beach we were walking the paths on our property, she liked walking the shoreline path and getting close to the east side of the park and fuck hard the whole way. 
  One night when neither of us could sleep, we decided to walk the shoreline path but go west and just enjoy a nice slow fuck. It was about 3:00 AM when we neared the west side of the park and Amy says, Lets keep going daddy, nobodys there cept Officer Nancy and Officer Bob and they will be walking to the south side now. She was right. Over the course of the last few months, we had gotten to know all the rotations and routines of the four officers assigned to the park. They had to punch a clock at the main beach to show they were there and then again at the east beach, then head back so we knew we had more hour at least, so I say, Ok lets do it. Yippy. Amy says in a low voice. I got to hand it to her; she knew people wouldnt approve of what we were doing even if they knew about our problem and to her that was all the better.
  We walk towards the park and when we entered, the path turned from pavement to cement. A sign behind us read; Private Property No Unauthorized Admittance. There was another one on the east side. The signs could fold down and read; Please stay on the path. I opened it up on Saturdays and Sundays so people could walk around the lake if they wanted to, ten miles in all. 
  To the right of us was the band shell; to the left was the beginning of the beach area. Up ahead and to the right was the picnic area it consisted of six areas, three uncovered with six tables each, three with pavilions, two had twelve tables each, and the main pavilion with fifteen tables, one was in the front like it was for people to sit and face the other tables. Behind the main table was a huge fireplace that doubled as a grill. Just past the picnic area the walk widen way out and in the middle was the main concession stand. To the left was the main beach proper; with two lifeguards stands the sat two guards apiece. Behind the stand and along the walk leading to the south end where metal benches facing the beach. In a few places, the line of benches indented in a u-shape to accommodate groups.
  As we stood there, Amy first directs me to the band shell since it was the closest. She has me walk around in front of it were the people would be sitting to watch whatever event was going on. She was extremely excited and her juices were flowing steadily covering my balls with her hot slippery fluids making my cock rock hard. She had me walk slowly so that her fluids dispersed around the area. She then had me walk on stage, stand at the very front and center as if we were the main attraction. We were both very horny by then and pumping hard on each other, Amy was moaning and spewing profanities as usual and I was grunting and snorting as usual. A pool was forming on stage underneath us and the way the shell was behind us it amplified the sound of the piddle of the stream of her fluids so we could hear it very distinctly. The sound of us moaning, swearing, grunting, and snorting and along with the piddle and the wet slapping noise we were making made us both cum with a force that seemed to shake the stage.
  We felt the electricity build in us as her pussy massaged my cock. Amy worked my cock pinching her lips an the upstroke and her channel on the down stroke, in this way she could really feel my cock fucking and filling her pussy, every once in awhile she would open up completely and allow for a good hard slam of her pussy and my cock slid in unimpeded. As we fucked harder and faster, our passion for each other was building along with the electricity within us. We were going fast and hard when Amy opened up for the last time and slid home then clamped my cock tight. I was loving it, this thing she was doing with my cock was the best thing I ever felt, I could feel my nakedness in the cool breeze on the stage and Amys pussy on my cock, I could feel her milking it like she needs my cum inside her. When she opened up to get a hard thrust in, it almost set me off, when she did it for the last time and clamped down the full length of my cock it pulled the trigger and sent us both into orgasmic paradise. I pumped almost ten loads into her before we started fucking hot and heavy again. In the shell, you could hear the loud plopping sound my globs of cum where making when they hit the puddle below us. When we looked down between us, we saw the reflection of the moon on the puddle winking at us as we closed and parted with each stroke. The tightness of her pussy and the amount of fluids we produced, forced the mixture out of her pussy violently spraying us and covering Amy from her chest down and me from the upper abdomen down. When I looked down at Amys small frame, flat chest and stomach, her hairless pussy grotesquely split by my cock, it made me even harder. Amy could hardly believe it didnt hurt but in fact felt like the best thing in the world. We kept fucking each other at this pace for a while. Both of us breathing hard and drooling on each other as we continued to look at the point of contact, watching our juices adding to the pool below us. After we spilt the last load, we hugged each other tight then stepped back to admire our work. The puddle was huge and the biggest so far that we knew of since there was no way to judge in the shower with it being washed away and all. Let me down. Amy says. Amy is the one with the intuition not me so I asked. What have you got in mind little one. Youll see. She said as I let her down. Feeling naughty myself I let here down in the biggest glob of cum that I could find in the moonlight. Amy wiggles her toes and says. Thats feels like mud in my toes. She takes my cock in her hands and positions me so that our imaginary audience would see us silhouetted on the stage with the moon acting as a spot light shinning on us. She looks at my cock as if its a chocolate Bunny wondering where to start. My cock was still oozing cum as it had been doing more and more lately. She made her decision and lifted my balls and starting lapping at the cum on base of my cock, she licked my balls clean while lingering to lightly suck on each one. Separately each fit snuggly in her mouth with a little room to roll them gently, when she got to the top of my balls she licked the thin film of our mixture from the sides of my cock then licked the seepage from the underside before taking the head into her lips. When she realized I was going to keep leaking cum she removed her mouth and put the tip of my cock in the palm of her left hand, covered the head with it and rubbed the cum around it then with both hands. She covered my shaft again and started wringing and pumping her hands to give me a hand job in a way that only she can. There comes a point in our lovemaking that we just have a need to fuck back. Like a horny dog in heat that pumps the air because, his body tells him to. Thats where I was now. I put my hands lightly over Amys to stop her twisting while I started pumping her hands. Amy looked up and smiled at me and I say. When I tell you to, I want you to Squeeze your cock Amy interrupted. Yes, please. Amy renewed her pumping with vigor matching me stroke for stroke. When I was about to cum, I said Ok, Amy, now. She squeezed hard then bent down and put the head of my cock back into her mouth. She took three loads in her mouth but didnt swallow it. Instead she lifted her head off my cock and with cheeks puffed out she let the next one hit her upper lip and the bottom of her nose; she was moving her head around, not to avoid getting my cum on her but to make sure she would not miss a spot. I didnt cum a lot or for very long since I was already pretty much spent, but it was enough to completely cover the front of Amy. She tilted her head back and opened her mouth wide, a little too wide as cum drooled out the sides of her mouth. The level of cum in her mouth was even with the sides, then she did the darnedest thing; she gargled the cum in her mouth, causing it to initially erupt like a volcano of cum going over both her lip, chin and cheeks. She closed her mouth and swished it around before making a production of swallowing it, ending by opening her mouth and saying aaaaaaah to show me there is only a thin film and a few strands of my cum left. Then, as if to make naughty a point, she got down and lay back in the now large pool of liquid to make sure she was totally covered. 
  Then she spread her legs and pointed to her pussy. I needed no further instruction and lowered my head to the apex of her legs. Im blessed with a long tongue, much to Amys delight and I used it by tickling her anus with the tip of it. The stage floor was a slimy, sticky mess and the first thing I noticed when I laid down between her legs was the heady, musky smell of sex. It assaulted my nostrils and made my head spin with lust. It was an aphrodisiac that worked its wonders on both of us. As I closed in with my tongue her hips came off the ground in anticipation of it soft wetness. Her pussy was beet red and fully engorged, glistening with our fluids; her juices were flowing over her anus as I tickled it with the tip of my tongue. I ran the tip up to her pussy and it seemed to suck it in when I penetrated it like a snake looking for a hiding spot. She moaned loudly when I moved it around and ran it along the roof of her vagina. I replaced my tongue with the forefinger of my right hand to search for the right spot. I looked down at her hood-covered clit. The strain from the rock hard clit was making the hood white where it was trying to break through, the rest of the meaty hood was blood red. I pulled the sides with two fingers to push the hood down harder on her clit, which caused her to buck once. Damnit daddy, just do it please! She begged. I removed the hood to reveal her pearl and pushed it with my tongue just when I found her G-spot. Her pussy clamped tight on my finger and she shoved her clit hard into my tongue and let out a long, loud groan. I encircled her clit with my lips and began to suck while flicking the tip of her clit with the tip of my tongue and when I did, she screamed OH GOD YES! Her whole body bucked and jerked, her pussy was literally squirting fluids while convulsing on my finger. When I looked up at her, she was bent forward staring at me with pure lust as the carnal pleasure racked her little body with bucks and jerks. Her head bent down and she was looking at me through the tops of her sunken dark sockets; she had an evil looking grin, a grin that showed extreme sexual satisfaction with each wave of pleasure. I slowed down the pace and eventually removed my finger and much to Amys dismay I told her my tongue needed a rest.
  You look like a ghost daddy. Your eyes are sunk into you head and your skin looks kinda white like. Amy said. So do you. I replied. Now we need to go get some water then go wash off in the lake. I continued No, Please. She begged. I dont wanna wash it off. She pouts. Isnt it kinda gross? I ask No. Its made from our stuff. How can that be gross, sides you like it too cause it makes you cited She smiles as she raises her arms to be picked up. Because she was so slippery, we had a bit of a struggle with me trying to get a grip and her giggling. When we finally had her in the harness, which itself was soaked, and sitting comfortably on my cock, I looked at my watch and see it is almost a quarter to four. We had planned on staying for a couple hours and getting off twice an hour, but in the excitement of our last tryst, it being our first time in the park, we had lost track of time. We have fifteen minutes till the officers come back. What would you like to do? I ask Lets go over there were they do the check in thingy. She says. The punch clock behind the concession stand? I ask. Uh huh, theres a drinking fountain on the side. She said. By now, Amy and I had perfected the art of walking and fucking. She had to do most of the work doing the thrusting while I concentrated on the walking, but I gotta hand it to her she could go on like that all day, effortlessly and tirelessly. We walked to the clock, stood there to let a small pool of her juices and my oozing cum to form on the ground beneath us. I looked at the clock and said. Five minutes we need to drink then hide Amy. Ok. She says. Across the walk and to the left of the picnic area were the bathrooms, a mens and womens bathroom as well as a unisex bathroom intended to be used by fathers to take their daughters and mothers to take their sons without having to parade them though the opposite sex to go pee. I decided to go behind the building rather than in it just incase one of the officers decided to use it. There were two drinking fountains the one on the left lower that the one on the right, when we bent over it was perfect and we both took a long time getting our fill. It had been about a half hour since Amy had her last orgasm and she was getting hotter by the minute. We got behind the restroom none to soon as we could hear the Officers walking towards us. Whats that? That wasnt here before was it? I heard Officer Lucy say. What? Officer Pete replied. This puddle of water here. Lucy Said. Looks like someone was standing in it and tip toed over there to the bathroom. Both our hearts stopped for a second then started beating fast. When Pete shined his flashlight towards the bathroom, we saw the beam on the grass next to us getting closer. I hurried along the backside of the building, ducked around the corner and turned around just in time to see the beam of light shine were we had been not a second sooner. We watched with racing hearts as we saw the beam of light make a wide sweep of the area. Probably just some kids messing around, looks like their gone now. I heard Pete say. I saw the beam of light abruptly disappear, waited a few seconds before I peaked around the corner, saw that the coast was clear, and ducked back around the corner to the other side. I peaked around that corner and I saw no one, so I snuck up to the front of the building and saw officers Pete and Lucy heading up the walk towards the south beach. I stepped out into the open as their backs disappeared. That was close. I said. Yeah, it was. Amy said with a shaky voice. The whole time I was trying to dodge the Officers, Amy was getting hornier and hornier, her pussy was getting hotter and wetter by the second and she was moaning steadily now as she massaged my cock with a vengeance to get the full feel of it in her pussy. We went back to the fountain and topped off our thirst when I got an idea and walked to the front of the concession stand and placed ourselves where we were not 12 hours earlier when Amy says with a shaky voice. Ill have a small dipped cone, please. Just as she did earlier. She then started pumping harder on my cock while moaning and swearing sexual connotations. Fuck yeah, oooh sooo good. Your cock is like a hard piece of meat daddy. Fuck me harder with your meat daddy! Fuck me faster! Please daddy. This was not going to be earth shattering or anything but, it was going to be a big one for Amy as I had a double dose earlier. I easily took her ass cheeks in both hands and start pumping back as hard and as fast as I could. Amy couldnt keep in sync, her random pinching and squeezing was having its effect on us. We slammed home for the last time as Amy clamped hard onto me and let out a loud groan. My cum shot waves of warmth and pleasure throughout Amys body. After a short time, we resumed our hot and heavy pace, each fucking the other with passion and animalistic instinct. Our cum covered bodys sliding between us as Amy buried her head in my chest as we fucked with our waists. Our pace slowed as I was spent a lot earlier than normal and was just drooling as Amy came down and was now just enjoying the after effects by slow fucking my cock.
  Can we do this every night? Amy asks as she continued her, now, ever present pace of slowly pulling out leaving the head in then slowly pushing back down, pinching and squeezing all the while. Sure, I think we can work it into our schedule. I replied. We never slept more than a few hours before one of us needed the other. I have woke up with Amy mounted and trying to get release and sleep at the same time. Many times I have woke up and fucked her while she was sleeping, looking at the faces she made while I pumped huge loads of cum into her limp body. She once said her favorite way to wake up was with me fucking her. We would just have to take an extra nap or two to make up the sleep. The puddle below us was not huge by any means but was still respectable in size nonetheless. I wanna come back here and order an ice cream cone right here on this spot tomorrow daddy. Amy said. You read my mind sweetie. I answered.
  After topping ourselves off with water again, we continued walking, making our way to the picnic area. There are single table/grill areas for families to have private picnics. Amy has me stand in the middle of each table just long enough to leave a small puddle like a centerpiece. She had me continue this with the tables in the group areas as well. By the time we made it to the main table in the main pavilion we were as horny as two dogs in heat, our juices were flowing freely, hot and heavy. We were breathing hard and pumping fast letting our passion and desire set the pace. God dad your cock feels so hot and hard in my pussy. Amy says. Hearing those words in her little girl voice made the animal instincts in me come out. Sometimes we fuck for the passion and sometimes for the sex, usually both. This night was purely for the sex. We both had our backs hunched and were looking down at our genitals, punishing each other, seeing the pool below us getting larger while moaning, groaning, grunting, and snorting. 
  Now Amy was letting me do all the work as her hands held her knees up and against the sides of her chest so that the only part of me touching her were my hands on her ass and my cock in her pussy. This afforded me greater speed and force. Fuck me harder daddy, deeper daddy. She was now looking crazed, head tilted slightly down, her eyes looking at me through the tops of her sockets, breathing hard through her drooling wide open mouth in a wicked grin as her arms and legs flailed about like a rag doll. She had stopped massaging my cock and let me pound her fast and hard Harder daddy, yeah cram that meat in my slimy cunt she cooed. I was slamming her so hard it jolted her body with each thrust, ramming her clit into my pelvis. I drove home as hard as I could when the electricity flowed between us igniting our lust for each other. Amy had let go of her knees and bore down as hard as she could when it hit her. My cock exploded in her sending her flying through the air while waves of warmth and tingles shot through her. Her pussy was scratching the itch that covered my cock; the feeling of her hairless, wet velvety smooth, pussy sent the same waves of pleasure as Amys through my cock to the knot in my stomach. My body convulsed as the trigger tripped and I sent a barrage of cum into her, my body jerking with each load. I could feel the hot mixture flow down the base of my cock engulfing my balls and dropping in great globs onto the tabletop. The scene looked like a crazed sex addict horribly raping a child as we resumed fucking at an intense pace. We both came for a long time just enjoying the feel of each other.
  When we finally stopped and got down from the table, we were both astounded by the pool of our fluids on the table. Great mounds of cum dotted the honey colored fluid of Amy covering most of the table. I looked at my watch and said. In about seven and a half hours from now they are going to serve a pig from this table. Really, cool! Can we come? she asks. Were the Guests of Honor. The lions are having their annual pig roast tomorrow. Didnt I tell you that? I asked. No, But I knew you had something planned for tomorrow I just didnt know what. She says. Well we better cut it short sweetheart and get back home. I say as I slide me fingertip across the very dry lips of her mouth Ok, but I was having sooo much fun. So was I, but we need water more. I say. We walked back to the house not fucking but just holding each other tight. We got home a little after 5 AM and were snoring by 5:15 AM. We slept for the next 5 hours waking only to fuck each others sleeping body.
  We make it to the park around 11:30 the next day and began with our usual routine of jumping in the lake right away just to get wet so when I walked around with her on my hip, her, ever present, leaking wouldnt show. Since I didnt have to speak until noon we walked around checking our Marked spots. First, we went to the Band Shell and saw that they had cleaned it by first using a squeegee to push the mess off the front of the stage then mopping it. The process of pushing it off the stage caused it to drip down the coarse stone that made up the front from the stage to the ground and staining it with dried clumps of semen. Amy saw that a rather large clump was still wet and stuck her finger in it and giggled when she wiped it on my shirt. We looked at the announcement board to see the days schedule. They were having a talent contest and one of the slots read:
  12:45 PM: Amy Nelson singing her rendition of Blue Sky 
  It was a song that she sang all the time now with a few words changed. When she saw her name, she got all excited. Really, cool, thanks Dad! She said as she read it. I knew you would like to sing it. I said. I like it when you surprise me daddy. Amy said as she gave me a big hug. Well have to sneak off right before, but you will do just fine I think. I said. 
  Just before noon we went to the main pavilion and stood next to the main table which now had a paper table cloth on it with very obvious wet spots all over it and pans of food on it buffet style. The concrete benches on either side were soaked with our cum. We were staring at it when Don Lesley, the Event Organizer, came up next to us and said. We dont know what it is. Donna tried to wipe it off but said it was too sticky and slimy so she tossed a cloth over it and left the benches alone since nobody will be sitting in them. Kinda looks like melted Ice cream in some sort of syrup. I said while looking at Amy who just giggled. Yeah we thought that too but theres a heavy musk scent so we figure a raccoon or something dragged something around here. Theres a huge spot in front of the concession stand and you should have seen the stage this morning, the spot there was pretty big and it looked like what ever it was that made it, was rolling in it. Amy couldnt help but giggle and dig her clit into my side making her shiver and I could feel her pussy getting hotter and wetter on my hip.
  We hear the Ding Ding Ding. of a bell and when Donna had everyones attention This years list of charities and how much they received are available on request, but Id like to say that this past year was an exceptional year as donations almost doubled. This year stands to do better yet. We have added another charity to our list, the National Tourettes Foundation in honor of Amy and Kevin Nelson here who themselves are responsible for a large donation. So, this year we are proud to honor them for their generosity and courage. With that, he handed me the microphone. Ive said it before; Im not one for speeches, so Ill keep it short and sweet. Thank you all lets eat. The crowd burst out laughing as Don took the microphone back and said You heard him folks, chows on.
  We were first inline so we got some food and ate it quickly then snuck off for a quickie. We had found several places where we could go so it was no problem. We got to the Band Shell at a bout 12:40 and they showed us where to go. I carried Amy on my hip and as we stood center stage, someone handed Amy a microphone and she says into it, This is for my daddy. When the music started playing, she looked up at me and began to sing flawlessly, 
   Walk along the river, sweet lullaby, it just keeps on flowing,
 It dont worry bout where its going, no, no.
 Dont fly, mister blue bird, Im just walking down the road,
 Early morning sunshine tell me all I need to know

 Youre my blue sky, youre my sunny day.
 Daddy, you know it makes me high when you turn your love my way,
 Turn your love my way, yeah.

 Good old Sunday morning, bells are ringing everywhere.
 Goin to see my daddy, it wont be long and Ill be there
  
  Youre my blue sky, youre my sunny day.
 Daddy, you know it makes me high when you turn your love my way,
 Turn your love my way, yeah.
  
  As the crowd gave her a standing ovation I pulled her in front of me and gave her the biggest hug then said with tears flowing down my cheeks. That was the sweetest thing anyone could have ever done for me sweetheart, I love you so much Amy. The microphone was still in Amys hand near my mouth; the audience heard it and started cheering. Needless to say, we went back at 2:00 and Amy accepted her first place plague which we put on the mantle over the fireplace when we got home.
  After her performance, we went to get an ice cream cone as I had promised Amy. We were still four back inline when the edge of the stain of our mixture began to appear Amy was again getting hotter and wetter and I was leaking and getting harder. We both were in great need when we got to the counter and ordered our cones. By the time we got to our hiding place the cones were on the ground along with our clothes. 



 

 
