Chapter 14

The shipping company now was buying ships. They had picked up eight tankers and three container ships. There were five ore carriers they were bidding on and they bought one older car carrier. It was being used to carry the many tanks, Bradleys and Humvees home. After that it would make one trip a year to pick up new electric vehicles from Japan. 

The car, truck and farm equipment dealerships now were an ITI business. Being registered in both Japan and the Islands made them very different. All trucks and farm equipment was diesel powered. In Japan they sold the trucks and farm equipment as well. When you bought from ITI you were assured you could buy 500 gallons of diesel for each year you had the machine. No other dealer could assure you would have the fuel you needed.

His next step was to open his office in India. Here he had to be very careful to keep the Island connection out of the office. Japan and India had no bad history so that was the connection to ITI. Here metal ores and oil would be sold for gold, silver and finished metals like steel and stainless. But some oil and LNG would also be required and that would also be traded for. India had managed to keep its money system inside the country. So trade was never stopped between its people. The many who came back from America were very well educated. Most were financially well off and added to the business world here. Others were researcher, doctors, educators and the likes, which improved many areas of the country.

Calcutta was the idea place for putting an office. It would schedule the shipments needed and handle the trade issues. Joji had found two people on the Islands who agreed to run at least for a time that office and train others there to do so. Having people who were committed to the Islands was critical, as well as theyre being the right nationality. There were a few Indias on the Islands and they liked it here. But some time training people in India they did not object to. They had no idea that ITI was the intelligence service for the Islands. But knew it was a Japanese company we owned to shelter the Islands for sight.

Their training was scheduled in Tokyo and Okinawa. It was important they be knowledgeable of the facilities there. They would go by ship to India and work off it to find the office space and a secure home for them. They would use gold coins off the ship to purchase what was needed. With a sat phone they could keep Tokyo filled in on needs there and what was available to trade. They had enough money to keep a good size bank account and could transfer funds from Tokyo if needed. 

Joji was looking for where to go in China and what to consider trading for? It had to fit what Japan needed more than the Islands. But he could pick up goods to trade in India as well. That should be interesting to many in China.

It was well known China needed metal ores and oil. It was the two types of commodities they could not do without. The Arab world had cut them off on oil for actions against Muslims. So the oil that was there just was not available to them. In fact the Arab world was pumping less than ten percent of what they had in the past. For some it was none as they just were not trusted. Iran being the main odd man out right now. They never did get their nuclear plan off the ground. Yet it buried their countries economy.

So finding a place to set up to trade oil for other needed goods was going to be important. Most of the radicals had been killed off by the ruling class. With things as bad as they were it was not a time to allow these people any space. Joji made contact with one of the leading people in Kuwait and cut a deal to buy five tankers. They needed to set up a shipping system for some of the countries they had agreements with. It would not be a money system but trade. Then they could use their money system to handle those goods inside their borders He left him to work it out and see if others were interested? The man had his sat number and could call him any time. 

The early weeks had gone this way for what seemed like forever. Joji got home ate and went to bed. He was always exhausted. He kept telling Dink that if he survived, this life would become better. She just knew she had to let him do what was needed now. Later things would be different, but that was hard. 

David saw the worry and questioned her about it. She was honest and told him of how Joji was just running on fumes. He had seen it and not paid it any attention.

John looked up and saw David coming in. OK I see trouble David?

Not for me, but may be for you. Joji is burning himself out. The man is trying to do it all and it is draining him. Just call him in and watch for yourself. He needs to delegate some of what he is doing and train his people to step in and do his job if ever needed. If he fell over dead now no one would know what was done, why or where?

That John had missed, as he just never checked behind Joji. I will handle it and thank you for seeing it and letting me take care of it.

When David had left he called Kelly in and told her what his problem was. He wanted her to stay while he discussed it with Joji. It would make sense to her once that started.

Joji walked in looking like death warmed over. My God man you look bad. What in the world is wrong?

Just not getting the sleep I need most likely. It has been a hard few months.

Joji what happens to your ITI if you fall over dead today? Can it continue and is someone able to step in?

I would expect ITI would fail, as no one is close to be able to assume power. None are trained yet to run branches. The lights came on as he spoke. 

Kelly here knows everything I am doing. She is my voice of reason when I am really mad. But she knows I delegate power to people I trust, like my head of intelligence. Then I stand back and let them do the job I gave them. But they need to start from day one developing people to step in if anything should happen.

I see your point and need to find a way to fix the problem. Right now I am not sure how to do that?

Would you accept some good help?

Of course I would.

Then Kelly will go with you and make suggestions on where things could be changed. She will one day need to know your operation anyway, as she will have this job. But she has a mind for taking things that are complex and smoothing them out to something simple. She has done it for me often and I am sure can help you.

Joji knew Kelly reputation for brains. I have not heard you say anything Kelly?

I just do what dad asks of me. Now I need to see where youre going, how you plan to get there and who will control it? That should be pretty simple for you to show me, as I think right now it is all you? Then we need a plan that opens the door for others to lead the steps you want taken. You need to evaluate every person you have at ITI and rate them based on what you think their abilities are. After your done I would like to interview them and add my comments to yours. You right now have no one else to validate your judgments.

The simple way she stated it just made a lot of sense to him. I see your point and like the way you address it. I was smart enough to write out my over all plan. But I have not done the evaluations of people. There is one very bright and knowledgeable young man named Kei who is pretty much my second in command. But I have poorly used him.

John thought this would work for Joji and let Kelly start to understand what he was going to be doing. Well she is yours for as long as you need her. I will not let you have her for good though!

That was enough to break the somber mood. The two stood and left talking about his basic vision of what intelligence was for the Islands. 

Kelly was enthralled with the ideas and plans Joji had right now. His over all plan was relatively simple and could be accomplished without much worry. It was to build the trading company and ships for it. Then to pick up as much information as possible from governments and ships coming into ports. It was all a matter of finding sources to feed him information. They did not even have to know why the company wanted to know? But trade had always been the vehicle for military actions. When you controlled trade to a country you controlled their people to a great degree. The military take over was just the next step.

For China, India and Japan were its main rivals in trade. It one day had to remove them to control the Asian markets. It was simply added 2 + 2 and getting 4. But you had to have information and knowledge to understand why things were happening. 

Joji has anyone read these but you and me?

Yes Dink did and she suggested I add a few bits of information for the future.

This manual is the training tool you need to develop good spy masters. The hard part is going to be finding people with open minds, which are paranoid enough to focus on their area. Your outlook is exactly like Johns and that I can tell you. It is almost like he wrote this. She was smiling at Joji and knew just how bright this man was also.

That is high praise for a sergeant in military intelligence. I always felt the enlisted men saw things better than the officers. They often let their education get in the way of seeing the real problem. If you make things too complex you will be missing the boat. People do things for simple reasons. Greed, anger and ego are the primary drivers of powerful people. Joji was now in his teaching mode.

Now that I see where we are I would like to interview each of you key people here and in Japan.

I see no problem with that. Kei is right now on Okinawa setting things up there and in Tokyo. So you will have to see him there. He is my brightest and best. I depend on him for a lot of things.

That was a start he did depend on someone else. It made her job much easier. You know it might be fun if Dink worked here also? As I see it you have three businesses here. One is shipping, second is trading and the third is intelligence. Shipping needs a good master mariner running it. Trade needs a very good mind in what people will trade for and at what price? So they must be economically grounded. Then someone who pulls all the pieces together for the intelligence side. So you need a planner here and someone managing the entire structure.

I see what youre saying so far. But where would Dink fit in?

Dink is a meticulous manager and someone you could completely trust. You need to be free to address problem areas and not be tied to day to day decisions. So if you do the planning and address problems then you need a manager. She knows more of the military side and would see things and point them out to you. If you said watch for something you know she would. But she is good with money so would over see the costs and be able to tell you what was not working.

OK I hate the money side. I have no clue what we have spent so far of the ten billion I was given? It is less that estimated, but exactly how much, who knows that? Hell I dont know what I am paid or if I am paid?

Now she knew just how bad Dink was needed. Let me bring you up to date Joji as you have missed something. This is your company. The key words there are your company. Dad loaned you ten billion to get it started. Now someplace down the line you are going to have to pay the ten billion back. But this will still be your company and the profits are your profits. Dad and I discussed this at some length after he gave you the check.

But if something happens to me then someone else must take over.

Dink or one of your children would. Your family has a very long term commitment to the Islands Joji. To a great degree its survival is based on what you do here, as are all Islanders. But you must grow and become strong to help us stay free. Technology development is another of your areas of responsibility. That will require a lot of investment to make it pay off. Some will be supported by the Islands and other parts by your ITI. Kelly had dropped the bomb on him and she saw it. 

I really need time now to think and talk with Dink. He stood and walked out of his office. 

The day was nice and he walked for over an hour ending up at home. Dink was waiting for him and smiled when he came wondering in looking tired. Husband if you dont get your act together we are going to have to burry you out here.

I am sorry dear it has been a tough day. Now I am worried I may have bitten off more than you wanted? He explained Kellys comment on the company and the possible impact on the family.

OK now what is the problem? Youre a rich man just like your bio says. Our family was always at risk if bad things happen here. So I see no new problem in what Kelly said?

She wants you to come run the company and let me do planning and work on the problem areas. I am not sure you would want that?

Are you asking me or telling me?

Asking Dink, I dont want you to feel forced into something you dont want to be involved with.

Husband working with you would be fun for me. You have one of the best minds I have ever seen. But your management skills suck. I am shocked we are not broke yet. Do you have any idea what you have spent so far?

No idea at all dear? But it is less than I expected to spend.

I think you need an audit of the books to see where youre at. It might be embarrassing to fail to pay the people for their work. You need to set up a payroll account and fund it for the next two years. Now you know if not a dime comes in they will be paid for that length of time. As the number of people grows so will the account.

OK I see where your headed and it is a good idea. But what if I need some of that money for ships?

You will have to earn it now. The ships you now have need to start paying for themselves. A shipping business needs to have each ship making money over its costs to operate and pay off the loans. Remember I have an MBA and know what it takes to make money.

That always confused me as to why you were in the military?

Because it was where I started before I got my degrees. There were no jobs open here for my degree when I came here. So I built, organized and ran the Island Scouts. They were the forerunner of the Island Defense Force. But I had a slim budget and had to find ways to come up with funds to clothe, equip and train my troops. I used all of my business skills in doing that, so they were not wasted.

The way I feel right now a good beer and steak would be nice. Then I need to fall in bed and sleep for about twenty four hours. He was laughing now. 

She ordered the steaks and got him a cold beer. Ill bet you did not know I had this did you?

Where in the hell did you find beer here?

My husband is this spy master and I had one of his ships bring it back from Japan. Matter of fact it was the one that brought the new vehicles. You did know that the M1A1s, Bradleys and Humvees were all brand new?

No I just saw them and knew they could be of value here.

Well Carlton told me they were worth way over five billion. So I think we need to charge the Islands for them and pay the money to John. It will cut our debt by a good amount. I will work out the amount we get with Carlton including the ammunition. You have made any invasion of an island almost impossible as they had ground to air missile racks on the back of the Bradleys. We also got twenty missile packages for ground to ship. The total hardware will be around eight to nine billion worth.

That just was never in his mind. It cost us just for that old auto carrier to bring them here. I paid nothing for them on Okinawa.

One mans junk is an other mans gold. Just because you got a good deal on Okinawa, does not mean you should not make a profit on it. That is business, buy cheap and sell for a lot more. If youre not shrewd in business, people are going to know youre into other things. For some reason really good business people, are never suspected of doing anything but making money.

You are one that looks at money and profits. I have a man who will call me back from Kuwait and let me know if I can buy and sell Arab oil. It would allow them to sell to China, by selling it to me first. Then I can sell to whoever could afford it. But now they are backed into a corner with the religious leaders.

How did you know people there?

I spent a year there as and Army intelligence specialist. It seems I worked with several very rich and high ranking men. We developed a good relationship and have a good trust factor.

So you expect it to happen?

Oh yes and I get to buy five tankers sitting there now. They are not the really large tankers but good size Panamax ones. So for todays trade they are ideal. It is hard to go into a port and sell one hundred million in oil. Now the Midway run is with a large crude tanker. You could get by with that in Japan, China or India, but most smaller countries just could not handle that much oil and have enough goods you want to trade for it. But these tankers would carry about thirty million in crude each. They would only haul from the Arab countries.

What do you get for transporting the crude?

We get Fifteen percent of what is made from the oil. I also get paid for our container ship to bring back the cargo of goods for payment. That is based on the number of containers and weight they have. So we really have two ways of making money on oil. If we can bring each country involved around 25 million a month in food and goods it would help them greatly.

This would be a very good possible business. But she felt it needed to be developed better. I think you need to find out what they want and buy the oil right then with the goods. Then what we get is all ours and new loaded containers will be taken back to Okinawa for later shipment for more oil. They will need to pay for containers to be transported empty by the delivery ships from the last shipment. We cannot afford to have a ship running around with empty containers. They can do that by supplying bunker fuels for the ships equal to the return costs for the containers.

You just simplified what I want to do by hours of work. We will have to have an office and bank account there. That way they can pay us for the fuels we will buy to cover the costs of container returns. I want accounts in each country where we are, that allow us to buy before our ships come to pick things up. Most of the countries have working currencies inside their country.

I see no problem there as long as we dont use gold to start accounts. We sell goods to do that, so we max out the best return. If we sell twenty million in oil, we buy nineteen million in goods. That way we slowly build an account where we are operating. Dink was in her here is how to do it mode.

We will be hauling iron ore, copper ore and Bauxite to sell in many countries that have processing plants. On those you need to deal with John as it comes from mines he owns. So the profits from the sales are his and I have no idea how he wants the needed funds returned to the mines? We just get paid to haul it and whatever he sends to the mines. Joji was sure John would be fair here. It did give them reason to be in some ports where much could be learned.

They kept passing information back and forth for a good period of time. I think it will be nice not to worry about a lot of things right now, that are not being covered well. But what is David going to say?

He wont say a word. I have a good second in command in William who can handle my job. Debbie then would be his assistant. So David loses nothing and the transition is smooth. I have been training him now for months for William to take over one day. He had to get over the fact a sergeant can become a general, with education and training.

So the ball was set into motion and both went to bed tried, but with a plan to make life better. 

They both were late getting up and keep it slow as they had breakfast together. Ill handle things with David and you decide where youre going to stick me. I really would like a window so no dungeon please?  

That caused him to laugh. I dont have any of those we are a normal large company.

Right and what my grandmother made was not moonshine, but medicine for sick people.

Your kidding right?

Nope she was a bootlegger and loved her own distilled products. But that was not unusual for that part of the country. The sheriff would come by and suggest she shutdown for a few weeks, as the feds were in the area. Who was going to send a 70 year old woman to jail? Now the feds were a different sort, they would send anyone to jail.

The two left the house to get the things done that were needed. David saw Dink coming and did not like what he saw. I dont think your going to make me happy Dink?

I dont know why you wouldnt? So just to get it straight I am going to manage ITI and William is ready to take my job. Debbie is ready to back him up as second in command. So where is the problem? All defense plans are organized and it is just a matter of following the plan. The equipment you now have makes an invasion a suicide mission.

He considered everything she said. I dont see any holes in your logic. Does William know?

I called him and told him he might be called by you. It was not my job to offer a command under you to him. Now I need an honest appraisal of the value of the equipment Joji has brought us and its ammunitions value. We will be presenting a bill to the Islands for it and then paying it to Johns account. That money John loaned to ITI will at least in part be paid back. Carlton has given me a good idea of the value of the brand new equipment, but not the ammunitions value. So you package it and we will both come out on this. Joji has been buying ships and will start returning intelligence for you to use. So the money will go into the ships and offices he builds in different countries.

He liked the idea of the company growing quickly. OK I talked with Carlton and he told me to expect a bill. Our agreed price is seven point three billion plus his cost for the ship, crew and fuel to get it here. Due to Hidekis venture we would like to hire the ship from time to time. It will move more goods than our carriers do. If he needs this one and can find us another we will buy it.

I am sure most of the time this one will be available. It will make one trip a year to Japan for cars, trucks and farm equipment. Then a trip here and there as it is needed for other customers. I am sure we will be moving cars and trucks from Japan to the Arab world soon.

How did that happen?

Joji has friends in Kuwait and they are working out the deal. We will be buying their oil and some from friends. It will be paid for in goods they need. We can sell it to China and they are blocked from doing that by religious leaders. But India needs a lot more than they now can get. It opens offices in China and India for us to listen from. We also get information on the Arabs and the Middle East from our office in Kuwait.

Now I see why you need to clear some of what you owe John. Your husband has gotten much further than I ever dreamed possible in this amount of time. I heard he is now supplying Midway.

He has one of the biggest tankers running from our off shore loading platform to Midway with twice the fuel they were getting before. Our office on Midway has a container loading port and unloads goods and replaces with empty containers for in coming ships. Once the fuel is paid for the ships can load what they have on account. As people build up trust we will allow them some credit leeway as long as they quickly pay that off. The world is at a balanced trade requirement with zero credit open for any country. China, Japan and the Arab world learned this the hard way from the US debt they were never paid for. Dink was being sure David understood how things would work.

How does this work?

We will take the national currency for our shipment and then buy what we need and send it to Okinawa for storage or reshipment. The object is to sell high and buy low. Our key products are coffee, tea, oil, LNG and metal ores. All have good high prices we can command. The trick is to be able to buy good materials at low prices and sell elsewhere at high prices. Much can be sold in smaller countries and much bought at very low prices to sell in countries that dont have or make that item. Of course spices will be bought all over the world. There value is once more very high.

He could see how complex this was and knew why Joji needed Dink. When do you go?

I am gone David as I need to get ITI organized and audited. Joji has no idea of how much money he has left. That is not good when you have payrolls to meet.

David was laughing and knew he and Dink would always work well together. I will go talk with William and Debbie. Hopefully that will get them started on the right track? There will be questions and they do need answers.

Dink took her star out of her pocket and handed it to David. William will need this and I know you dont have just one star.

You my dear are most gracious and I know William will treasure it. He took the single star and placed it in his pocket. 

When Dink walked into ITI a burly man at the front desk stopped her. Lady your not allowed in here.

Youre going to stop me from coming in?

That I sure am and with pleasure. I dont like smart assed broads.

He found himself with a broken arm and missing teeth before Dink was done. Now youre fired and if you ever show back up here you will be in pieces. Get this piece of crap out of my building fast.

Several jumped to get him on a stretcher and out to the chopper to take him to the hospital. That my dear was a dramatic entry. I assumed the man upset you?

He was not what was needed for the job. So I fired him after teaching him not to talk to me as he did.

The ladies standing there were now applauding Dink. There is not a woman here he has not tried to feel up. None of us knew what you do about defending yourself.

Every woman here will if youre interested? I will be happy to teach a couple of classes a week for you. Now we all have work to do. So husband where did you hide my office?

He laughed at her way of handling this. You have mine dear. Your President of ITI so you needed a good office. I am just chairman of the board and chief nose in all corners.

They walked into the office and a slim very quiet girl bowed to Dink. She automatically bowed back. What is you name?

I am called Star as Star Shining is my real name. I am a native of the Islands and speak five languages.

You and I will get along well. Your two brothers used to work for me.

Yes and both said I would love working with you. Now what type of structure do you want?

I will see anyone who makes an appointment. If it is an emergency I will see them at once. But you handle what you can for me. This office is not someplace to go and brag about it.

That made it very understandable as to Dinks wants. It will be important if you have someone come in to talk. Now what do you need to start today?

I want the personnel files on each employee here, then Japan. The accounting department manager needs to come see me now.

The girl looked embarrassed. We dont have an accounting department.

Who does payroll here?

I have done the checks and sent the few deposits to the bank. Japan does their own checks as each office is set to do theirs.

That is just not going to happen. We will have a central accounting department and they will issue checks, transfers and payments. Call the bank and asked the manager to send me three good and I mean good accountants to run our accounting department. If he cant do that we will move our accounts to Japan and handle it from there.

I will do that now. Star was off like a shot. 

Your still using your general image dear.

I will use it forever husband. It works to get people to move the way you wish with speed. A company is not a democracy and it needs someone directing its course. You were not directing it and it showed starting with the security man out front. But now you can concentrate on what is important to you and know the company will make money. That will keep people from looking closely at you or our employees. Making lots of money and being successful is the best cover.

I seem to see something is running under your surface?

I will have us own a newspaper where it is reasonable. It will allow you a lot of street gossip and political talk. So we will start training managers for our branches to really operate as spies. They will have to learn to sift for the small things and follow them to find answers. But I need to know the economies to know how trade will work for us. So our office people see it as an economic tool for trade.

I was a slick way to pass off the ownership of a paper. It did not have to make money if it came close to break even. Lack of a profit there could be explained by the profits of the shipping company. I like it and agree it would be helpful to me and you. You could have reporters traveling and looking at the economy in different areas. They could report on it and have many reading the information. My guess is the government would read it and follow things there. It might open doors for us to know what government was doing?

Kelly came in and saw Dink. Boy am I glad to see you. Mighty mouse here has been trying to carry this place by himself.

Yep I do know that. We have stopped the bleeding for now. I have people pissed off at me as I am stepping on toes now.

Kelly knew Dink could really step hard on people if needed. Anyone in particular?

The first is out banker. He has been zero help to Joji in setting up an accounting department. So he has a choice of either getting me three good accountants to come start and run accounting here or I move the account to Japan and run it from there.

Kelly consider that a moment. I bet he screws it up. Just because I know him I can guess what he will do. Let me call dad and then see the results?

She took just a couple minutes and smiled. Your three accountants are not coming from the bank. Dad had three good people in the oil company, they were kind of hidden away for some future use. But they all have had international banking experience. That is something you should be able to use to evaluate a countries current financial strengths. He has also changed the manager at the bank here, as he has just made too many mistakes. He was promoted to head of audits for the oil company. So he got a raise and a nicer office.

What gets audited at the oil company? Joji had no idea of what that job would audit?

Nothing I know of, so it should fit the man just fine. Now you will need the office space for the people coming.

I have space for twenty times the people we have. So Dink just needs to say how close she wants them to here?

Very close husband as I will be talking with them every day. You need to submit each new plan for an office to them with estimated number of people, general start up costs and staffing costs. That way they can plan to cover those expenses and start checking out the countries currency.

Then you need to know each week or more often when needed we will have a plane flying to Okinawa from here, as we are the ones running that airport for the next 100 years. It was part of my deal with the government. I run 1 flight each week to Tokyo and back to Okinawa. Once it starts making money we move to two flights. That keeps going until we run daily flights. But all airlines coming into that airport must pay fees to us.

That was a nice decisions Joji. Did dad know you did that?

No I saw no reason to bring it up. My guess is it will be a long time before we show any profits from it. If a plane were full we would make 16,740 credits for the round trip. That would be very profitable when we reach just two thirds of that.

It opens up his going to Tokyo himself. That option has not existed for him without a plane being scheduled just for his use. He owns a bank and several businesses in Japan and being able to go there would be of benefit. Kelly was excited with this option. 

The pilots are all Japanese American on the Tokyo flights and ours on the Island flights. They pilots live at our compound on the base for the ships. But I needed a way to get to India and China so it suited my needs also. I can take a plane to either place and back to Tokyo. There is just 1 flight each week to each country. But right now they are just half full. Japan Air is running them to stimulate trade. Each makes a dozen stops at different countries. It will let me slip in people to start a trading business much easier than by ship. It also is far less expensive.

The day went very well for Joji and he was much happier. He did not have to get into the things he hated. It left a lot more time for planning and talking with people he needed to get information from. It was the first time he had felt free and not trapped. He had the tech people come in to set up a good communications and data transmission system. They worked out a good way for each office to tap into the system via the sat phone system. They could not read or take data out, but they could add it. Now they could communicate this way by either encrypted e-mail or phone. They also would get almost instant e-mail from the office as needed. But they also would have the local Internet and that would be hooked into to the sat phone for use in the Islands.

It would be easy to insert crawlers to scan pages and return them to the master computer. It would work like many search companies did to install pages of interest on a computer for recall later. It was all a matter of key words. 


