Archive name: pain_and_pleasure.txt (MF Mdom bd sm)
Authors name: Revelations
Authors email: revelations13@gmail.com
Title: Pain and Pleasure (MF Mdom bd sm)
Summary: 
WWW: http://www.asstr.org/~revelations/

Pain and pleasure - copyright 1998

  It wasn't that often he went out, only when friends asked him, and it was even more unusual that someone asked him to dance, but he didn't mind. She looked good, she danced well and she kept the conversation going pleasantly. His friends left but they didn't bother to ask him if he wanted to go, they just waved goodbye from over her shoulder, and winked him good luck.
  He didn't doubt his luck either. They'd danced very close a couple of times and she must have noticed his erection. The way she'd pushed her hips against him told him she didn't mind. She did most of the talking though, he'd always been kind of slow in these situations, not wanting to say something stupid, and everytime he thought of something to say, she had already asked another question, or talked on about something else. He'd just decided it was time to ask if she wanted to go somewhere else, like preferably his place, when she excused herself and got up to go to the ladies room. She stopped beside his chair and kissed him, and he just let himself be kissed. It was no chaste kiss either. He tickled her tongue with his and was certain of her "yes" when she broke the kiss and left. A confident feeling spread through him and he glanced over his shoulder to watch her butt move along with her to the bathroom, if he hadn't he wouldn't have noticed her turning towards the exit instead of the restrooms. For a second or two he thought she'd notice her mistake and turn back, but she didn't. What did I do wrong now, he thought and got up. He was determined to stop her, if he could just figure out how fast enough. The only thing he could think of was that she'd gotten fed up with his hesitation, there was no other explanation.

  She was putting on her coat when he reached the lobby and he decided to take a chance and put his arm around her, turning her around, pressing her against him, and kissing her.
  She had given him up as too hesitant and meek, and was pleasantly surprised when he stopped her. Seems I was wrong, she thought, but how wrong? "I guess you caught me," she whispered holding her lips less than an inch from his. A pleasant shiver went down her spine when he answered with a whisper: "And I'm gonna keep you." Laughing inside she almost touched his lips with hers and whispered "I don't think so." Then she turned her head and twisted her body out of his embrace, at least that's what she tried to. He kept one hand locked behind her, pressing her back against him, while he moved the other up to her neck and into her hair, grabbing a fistfull close to her head, holding it still while kissing her. His two hands were hurting her a little and she involuntaryily moaned into his kiss.
  
  For a second he almost regretted grabbing her back that hard, he'd have hit himself if he'd had to go home alone, but she seemed to be enjoying the pain as much as the decisiveness and force. How much would she take, he wondered. He couldn't start checking however, because their behaviour was about to get them some unwanted attention from the staff. Not that they were unused to 'pda' in a club, but they were blocking the hallway. 
  After getting his clothes he followed her onto the street and when they were away from the doorway he grabbed her again. Squeezing her body hard against his he kissed his way along her jaw to her earlobe. She was pushing back against him and running her fingers over his back as he whispered into her ear. "You enjoy a little pain do you?" Her slight nod came as no surprise to him. "Do you know what I think?" he whispered, "I think you deserve punishment for trying to walk out on me."
  
  "Yes!" She thought and whispered back to him, a tingly feeling of expectation spreading through her body, "Yes, I need to be punished." She pressed her body against him, and in her mind the excitement in her body flowed into and through his, turning her on even more. "What's the magic word?" he whispered back, and she grinnned to herself before she whispered "Please punish me", she even threw in a meek "Lord and Master." on a whim.

  Lord and Master huh, he thought, noticing the insincere meekness, let's see how far we can take this. "You'll submit to me as my pet?" He broke the embrace and took a step backwards. "Do you think you can handle having me as Lord and Master? If I enjoy punishing you I might decide to keep you. I don't think you can handle that," he said and grabbed one of her breasts with his hand, squeezing it hard.

  Is he crazy, she thought and moved away from him. She felt genuinely frightened and a tear formed in the corner of her eye, as he looked at her with a mocking smile. "Well I guess I was right, a pleasant night to you, m'lady," he said with a galant bow before he turned away and started walking away. Her breath going fast and her heart pounding in her chest she cursed herself. Can he really be that bad? How far will he go? I don't _want_ to go home alone. Damn, damn, damn. Her mind couldn't move fast enough for her and she bit her lip looking at his receeding back. Her body made the decission for her, she was still as horny, if not hornier. Oh, Christ, I hope I wont regret this, she thought as she ran to catch up with him.

  If I turn around now she will probably still go to bed with me, if I promise not to go that far again, he thought, but maybe she'll change her mind, the end of the block, I'll walk to the end of the block... He fought down the urge to howl with joy when he heard the clicking of her shoes as she decided to run after him. When she caught up with him and touched his elbow he didn't turn around or slow down, he merely said: "Yes?" 
"Okay."  
"Okay, what?"
"I'll submit... Lord and Master."
This time she sounded sincere and he grinned to himself. "You walk in front, pet," he said and pushed her in front of him. 
"Where's your car?" 
"Just around the corner."

  The smack to her buttock came so surprising to her that she stumbled and cried out, then his arm was around her waist, pressing her back against him and he growled in her ear, "Just around the corner..." She could clearly hear the elipsis, and closed her eyes, shuddering in fear and arousal. "Just around the corner, Lord and Master," she whispered, and almost fell when he suddenly let her go again. "And don't you forget it, pet."
  He sounded cheerful and she got worried again. She told herself she'd drive off the road if she didn't calm down before they reached her car, and with this thought foremost in her mind she was in control of herself when they reached it and he asked for the carkeys. She wasn't sure wether or not she should get in the car at once or not, but figured it was safest to wait until he ordered her to do something. He got into the drivers seat and started checking out her car, and she closed her eyes and tried to think.

  He finished checking out her car and leaned over to unlock and open the door on the passenger side. "Get in, pet", he said and waited for her to get seated. He picked his cellular phone from his pocket and dialed his home number. "I don't want a lawsuit on my hands if you decide tomorrow that you've got too many bruises, so you get to leave a message on my machine now. Tell it who you are, and that you've decided to submit to my every whim tonight and that you've permitted me to hurt you." She looked at him with genuine fright now, and he decided it was time to reassure her, or loose her. "Don't worry, I won't do any permanent damage, at least not much," he said with a wink and a grin. She didn't really look any less scared. "Do you have any friends you really, really trust?" he asked. She looked down and muttered a name, remembering the obedient frase. "Well call her and I'll leave my name and such, so you're sure you can get ahold of me if you want to sue me."

  The cheerful tone wasn't a sign he was nuts, she decided, he probably just couldn't hide his satisfaction with having "caught" her, so she told him her friend's phonenumber and took the ID cards he handed her. He let her hear the start of the message on the machine on the other end and she checked the information he gave with his ID's. She wondered what her friend would think when she heard a message from a stranger leaving all his personal info and telling her he'd spend the night with her friend. At least he's not going to kill me she though and left the message he wanted on his machine. No way back now she thought, but at least the fear wasn't overwhelming her arousal anymore.

  He noticed her relaxing and considered ways of keeping her aware of her situation on the way to her house. A couple of interesting ideas came to him, and he ordered her to pull her skirt up. When she had her skirt bunched up around her waist he ran her hand over her thighs and panties. Her crotch was really soaked and he grinned inside, managing to keep a serious face this time.
  "Get your panties off, pet," he ordered, and she quickly muttered "yes, Lord and Master" and tried to sort out garters and stockings to get them off. He took her wet panties and smelled them, they were fairly fragrant but not unpleasantly so, at least not this way. "Open your mouth," he ordered, and laughed inside as he stuffed the panties into her mouth. He could see she wasn't really sure about how to feel about this, and he decided to hurry things so she didn't have as much time to think. He put a hand on her pussy and caressed her wet lips and slit. He probed her hole with first one finger, then two. When she tried to rub herself against his hand he withdrew it and wiped his fingers on her face. "Fingerfuck yourself, three fingers," he said and put her right hand on her pussy. She moaned and eagerly started fucking herself, rubbing her clit with her thumb, and trying to get three fingers in, barely managing. "None of that," he said and slapped her hand. "Just the three fingers, slowly all the way in, and slowly all the way out, get going." While his frustrated "pet" obeyed he unzipped his pants and got his hard cock out. "Pay attention now, pet," he said and put her left hand on his cock, "This is how you'll show they way to your place. Pushing the indicator left, means a left turn..."

  She couldn't concentrate on finger fucking herself at the same time as she tried to understand and memorize his signals for next turn right, third on the left, and so on, so she stopped fingering herself. The back of his right hand hit her stomach with a loud smack, and enough force to take her breath away. She'd been totally unprepared and didn't have time to tighten her muscles so she fought to breathe again while he started up the car and drove to the exit. He just waited there while she gained her breath, started fucking herself again, and indicated which way he should turn.

  They drove off and he waited for her to screw up the signaling, but she obviously wasn't distracted enough. He grinned to himself and licked the index and middle finger on his right hand, then he started caressing her clit. 

  The slow three finger fucking wasn't enough to make her orgasm, but with the extra attention on her clit she felt one approaching. She tried to concentrate on signaling the next turn, but she was also afraid of slowing down her fingers, and his hand on her clit was just sooo good. She closed her eyes, pressed her neck back against the headrest and moaned into her panty gag as the orgasm shuddered through her. After a little while she calmed down again. He had removed his hand from her pussy and she could concentrate again, she hoped he wouldn't punish her for resting those few seconds. Now the next turn was a ... She suddenly realized they'd passed  the turn. She didn't think she could work out an alternate route like this, and he hadn't given her a signal for wrong turns.

  The hand leaving his cock was his signal of success, he'd distracted her from a turn. He turned his head and looked at her and she averted her eyes and shrugged, she was still pumping her pussy though, she didn't dare disobey that order. He stopped the car in the middle of an empty parkinglot and looked at her.

  She could sense him looking at her, and kept her eyes down, and her fingers moving. Thoughts of what he might do flew through her mind and she felt her pussy tingling with anticipation. "Get out of the car," he said suddenly, and she was so surprised she looked up at him. His hand lashed out as if to hit her, and she looked away and down, bracing herself, but no strike came. Instead he took one of her nipples and pinched it hard between his nails, pulling it away from her chest. She winced and then moaned, unable to ignore the pleasant tingling in her body that followed the pain from her nipple. He forced her to turn her torso against the door by pulling on her nipple. "I said, out of the car! And walk around to my side." 
  She got out of the car and walked around to his side. The parking lot was completely deserted and this part of town was usually empty of both law abiding citizens and the less lawful ones. She realized that even though she was covered now, after letting her skirt down, he'd probly make her break the law in a few seconds. Not that she really minded, but the car was parked right under a street lamp. He'd opened the door and sat crosswise on the seat with his legs out of the car and she stood in front of him and looked at him questioningly, unable to ask him with her mouthful of panties. She'd not had time to think about the panties in her mouth, but noticed now that the taste was no longer as overwhelming as in the beginning.
  Suddenly she realized that he wasn't responding to her questioning look, in fact he was looking back with an amused and slightly mean expression. Oh, damn, bad move, she thought, closed her eyes hard and bowed her head. Meek, submissive slaves do not look at their masters questioningly, she knew that, he'll probly punish me hard now to train me, shit, shit, shit.

  She stood there almost shaking, and he knew she was afraid of what he'd do, he didn't know if she had reason though, cause he hadn't decided on how to punish her yet. He'd "warm" up first, and see what came to him. "Take your dress off, pet," he ordered, and she obeyed with just a hint of wanting to look at him again. He then had her bend over and touch her toes, and he stepped out of the car and took his belt off. 
  First he ran his finger over her pussy, delighted by the amount of juices, he brought a finger to his lips and tasted it grinning. Then he rubbed her with the end of his belt, getting it real wet and smiling as she moaned into her gag. Without any preparations that could warn her he then, took one step back and swung the belt, buckle in his hand, and quickly gave her five swift, stinging, smacks on each buttock. He noticed her jump at the first stroke, and she almost lost her balance when he was done, so he put a hand on her buttock to support her. "How was that? Did you like it," he asked her? And she nodded, even though she was hyperventilating through her nose. He grinned and decided on a punishment for her earlier "crimes". "Ok, now you'll get your punishment, five strokes with the belt, on your pussy."

  A jolt went through her, my pussy, he wants to whip my pussy? And she looked at him from upside down between her legs. She saw his face turn from something resembling amusement to a displeased frown, and she closed her eyes tight again, wincing both inside and outside. I did it again, I did it again, damn, damn, damn. "You don't think you deserve that much punishment? You'll have to do better than that, if you don't obey my whims and accept my decisions I'll just have to punish you harder." She winced inside at the thought of extra pain, delt with hurt in mind, and not the special kind of pain and pleasure she had wanted from him. She was sure he'd give it to her though, if she'd just stop "disobeying". She nodded her acceptance in an attempt to soften him and was relieved to her his tone when he answered her with. "Glad you agree." She spread her legs a little, thinking he'd be nicer if she followed his orders without him giving them. She braced herself for the strokes to her pussy and was taken totally unaware when first her left, and then her right buttock was assaulted with something that felt like a sledgehammer. She almost stumbled again, and through eyes opened wide in pain she saw the belt hanging from his hand, buckle at the loose end. "I hope it won't be necessary to punish you again," she heard him say, "but do try to remember that you've still got something or other coming, for trying leave me at the club." She winced inwardly when his fingers caressed what felt like inch high cresent welts on her butt. The way it hurt she wouldn't be surprised if she was bleeding all over her butt. "Please get back in the car now, pet, you may touch your bottom on the way round, to inspect the damage." He got back in the drivers seat and she walked unsteadily around the car, discovering that the welts were indeed cresents, but only half an inch wide, and no broken skin. They hurt though.

  He watched her return to her seat, wincing when her sore bum touched the seat. He wondered if she'd noticed consciously that she was now wearing only suspenders and stockings, having gone without a bra under the dress. Well, he thought to himself, she'll probably notice soon. "I guess I'd better let you speak the directions for the rest of the way," he said and pulled out the panty gag. A little idea popped up in his mind and he continued, "but I don't want my car seat all drenched with your cum, so I guess we'll have to plug that hole instead."  Not that it'd actually help, the seat was already stained with cunt juice and sweat.

  She didn't make any more mistakes on the rest of the way, even though she felt, afraid, aroused, horney and weird all at once, with the wet rag of a panty stuffed into her vagina, and his free hand roaming over her body, caressing her freely. She wasn't sure if she'd be more scared if she had time to think, but as she didn't in fact have the time, it didn't worry her much.

---------

  While she tried to open the door he snapped the antenna off of her car. She didn't even turn around and he knew she was afraid of how far he'd go to punish her. She got the door open and held it for him, and he entered. They went up the stairs with her in front. He kept playing with the antenna, thin, plastic covered metal. A dangerous whip. How much damage will it make, he thought, and is she wondering the same. Maybe she was, because she stumbled when he tapped her ankles with it lightly. The apartment door had only a small brass sign with her name on it, and she quickly unlocked the door and held it open for him. When he didn't enter at once she dared a glance up at his face. Her look turned quizzical when he looked like he was expecting something. "Okay, I'll give you one guess on what I want you to say now, if you don't make it, I'll tell you what to say and punish you for your stupidity," he said, looking smug and perfectly evil. I could imagine her thoughts. Was there really an almost answer here or was he only looking for an excuse to punish here more severely. She closed her eyes tight and tried to think. He wasn't entering her apartment, because... "Please accept my apartment as you have accepted me, Lord and Master," she whispered, eyes looking down.  He tried to suppress a grin, then didn't bother when he realized she couldn't see him.  "Lead the way, pet," he said and took her keys before pushing her into the apartment.

  She walked into the living room and stopped. She felt even more weird as a slave in her own home. She liked a little pain with her sex but she'd never played the totally submissive role she was playing now. She thought she liked it, but she wasn't sure about the punishment part. Oh, well, she'd just have to stay out of serious trouble, so the punishment could be good. She smiled to herself and felt horny and happy, she'd picked up a great guy and he'd turned her on a lot, except for the buckle thing. She shuddered a little thinking about that, and noticed that he'd finished locking up and had come into the living room as well. From the corner of her eye she noticed him checking out the room before moving on into the kitchen. She decided staying right where she was while he checked out her apartment was the best thing, though she chanced sitting down right where she was.
  She'd gotten herself really turned on again just by thinking of the rest of evening when he came back after checking out her bedroom and bathroom. He tossed some stuff he'd picked up in a pile on the floor, there was stuff there she hadn't even known she owned, and... He _had_ broken the antenna off her car. She winced a little at that.

  He noticed her aroused expression and smiled to himself again, he was feeling fairly excited too, and it was time to do something about that. "Go clean up, pet, get rid of that nasty rag you've got there in my pussy." Yes _my_ pussy, he thought, my tits, my luscious female body, she was his now and liked it, and so did he. He got naked while she was in there freshening up. When she came back he had her stand in the middle of the floor, legs spread. He picked up the antenna and ran the tip of it over her tits and down to her pussy. He watched her expression flash trough anxiety, fear and acceptance as he tapped her pussy with the antenna. "We'll round off the evening with your final punishment, pet. Right now it's time for you to pleasure me, and lucky you, this will to some extent pleasure you as well." He tossed the antenna back in the pile of stuff and stepped close to her. Her soft, and slightly wet curls tickled his cock nicely when he cupped her ass and hugged her close. She moaned when he handled her sore ass and pushed it against his hands. He slapped her cheeks a couple of times, enjoying the half moan, half whimper from his willing toy, the little yelps when he struck the red welts, and the nice red tone of her skin. His hand slid down to her pussy and caressed her soaked slit, the pain had her dripping and he just had to fuck her. Slipping his cock in he felt like he was in heaven, and with one hand on the small of her back he fucked her slowly for 30 seconds or so before he remembered that he wanted pain for her to go with his pleasure.

  Leaning on a table with his cock sliding in and out of her and small twinges of pain when his hips rubbed against her sore ass she felt like she was riding on a cloud. A little more pleasure and a little more pain and she was sure she'd come. The night so far had her so hot she was going to come right... and then he was gone. She heard him searching through the stuff he'd collected from her kitchen and wondered what he had planned. 
  When he came back he ordered her to close her eyes, and she did, muttering a "Yes, Lord and Master" and shivering with anticipation. Some sort of clips, or maybe clothespins since she couldn't remember any other object she owned that could be used like that, suddenly pinched both her nipples and a gasp escaped her lips. She thrust her chest out and tried not to moan, but he'd evidently decided she wasn't silent enough as she received a couple of sharp smacks to her ass. The pain intensified as he somehow tightened the clothespins on her nipples and she bit her teeth together and forgot to breathe as she tried not to cry out. Her tortured nipples were then pulled down as he fastened some sort of weights to the pins. Breathing very shallowly and concentrating very hard not to move, since every movement of her chest made the weights dangle and pull her burning nipples, she almost didn't notice him leaving.
  Her nipples had become slightly numb when he came back. Putting his hands on her sore ass and pushing he forced her to her knees. The pain came back as the weights moved again, but it was less than before and she obediently kneeled. A thin strap, by the taste it was leather, was forced between her lips and he pulled her head back with it like a pair of reins. Kneeling behind her he pushed her legs a little apart and slid his cock into her pussy again. The feeling of his cock filling her pussy again took her mind slightly off her hurting nipples and she sighed happily.

  Grinning he rubbed his hips against her ass and enjoyed the feeling of her hot box around his cock. "So you liked that, did you pet?" he asked. Her answer was a 'Yes, Lord and Master' garbled by having to talk through the letter strap, one of her slim, leather belts he'd fetched from her bedroom. He'd put clothespins on her nipples and tightened them by twisting little bits of wire around them. Dangling from them hung more weight than he thought the pins would bear without slipping. He'd thought he'd have to try several times to find a good weight, but as it was he just hoped it was enough. Pulling her head slightly back he told her the rules of this game. "You now have a set time to bring me off," he said, "but I'm not releasing the reins, so you'll have to work hard to beat the clock. Oh, and if you fail I'm going to whip your tits with your reins."
  Her desperate squeezing of his cock with her pussy muscles felt even better than he'd expected, she must have practiced that sort of stimulation before, and he was sure she could bring him to orgasm that way if given enough time, but that was not what he'd planned right now. "I need more, pet. Pump bitch, pump." He growled and slapped her as with his free hand.

  She tried to pump her pussy onto his cock, but with the reins in her mouth she couldn't move forward so she tried rotating her hips a little instead. "I said pump, slut, now do it, or I'll add a makeshift nipplepiercing to your punishment," he ordered and she tried again. By pushing her chest out and bending her neck back she could pull her ass away from him slightly. She started pumping him this way even though it made the weights pull painfully on her nipples and the leather strap in her mouth hurt her lips. Biting down on the strap helped some and she pumped rythmically, still using her vaginal muscles to increase his pleasure. This went on for an eternity it seemed and she kept waiting for her nipples to be ripped off or her breasts to stretch until the weights reached the floor. "Good, but not good enough," he groaned, and she was sure he was close, "You've got a few seconds left, pet, do better! Remember, titwhipping." He dropped the reins and she started pumping desperately. The nipplepullers dangled wildly, tugging on her stretched nipples, but she was sure he was close. Then suddenly one of the pins slipped and blood streamed back into her nipple and numb nerves starting reporting. An image of her nipple inflated by her own blood until it burts flashed through her mind before the pain/pleasure combination threw her into an intense orgasm.

  An animal scream going on and on errupted from his pet's throat as her pussy started squeezing his cock in orgasmic pulses. He allowed himself a moment of feeling victorious before he grabbed her hips and let himself loose. Ramming into her he filled her with spurt after spurt of come. He held her hips against his as he breathed heavily and tried to gather his thoughts again. With her orgasm ebbing out she collapsed, held up by his hands on her hips. He eased her down and put her on her back, then put his cock in her mouth and ordered her to clean it.

  "Come on, clean my cock now, slut," he ordered her, and she mindlessly sucked the softening cock, licking it clean and tasting the mixture of his semen and her fluids. She could feel her freed nipple throbbing as she cleaned him, and she wanted to touch it but didn't dare move her hands. Only the no-taste taste of her saliva was left when he took her cock from her mouth again. Moving down between her knees he started licking her pussy, and without thinking she put her hands on his head, twining her fingers in his hair. She pulled his head hard against her pussy and he started sucking her clit. He wet a finger on one hand and started caressing her sore nipple, still sucking her clit, and she moaned loudly. Then when she was nearing another orgasm he removed the other nippleclip and multiple orgasms sent lightning through her body from pussy to breasts and back until she passed out from the pleasure.
  She woke up in her own bed wearing a silk nightie and feeling pretty good. Last night had been incredible. She felt a tingling from her sore pussy as she thought about it. And speaking about sore, her nipples were still very tender and she wanted to see how her butt looked. The welts from yesterday were not as high, barely raising from the surrounding skin now, but they still felt bad and they were inky black. Looking at the black half moons made her wonder where her Master from last night were. Her bed looked like she had slept there alone, unless he'd fluffed her extra pillows after getting up, had he left in the night, or slept on the couch? 

  He didn't care if it would seem a bit weird to anyone else that he felt he'd be invading her privacy if he slept with her in bed, so he took the couch. Being Lord and Master he supposed he could have put her there and taken the bed for himself but he'd felt more comfortable this way, mentally that is. The couch was not all that good to sleep on. He'd given up sleeping anymore some time ago and had already finished breakfast and was waiting for her to wake up and come looking for him. Maybe she thought the game was over when she woke up alone, but he'd prepared some more, and he was looking forward to finishing what he'd started.
  He heard her footsteps as she left her bedroom and he was looking at the door when she appeared. She was wearing just the nightie he'd put on her before tucking her in last night and smiled to him when she noticed him. She looked like she was about to speak when he moved his right hand and she noticed the antenna in it. He grinned inwardly as she lowered her eyes and stopped. "Good morning, pet," he said and stood. He walked over to her and stood behind her. Using the tip of the car antenna he caressed her breasts and nipples, his other hand rubbing her bottom, provoking small moans when he touched the welts. 

  "Did you sleep well, pet?" he asked. "Yes, Lord and Master," she answered, feeling herself getting aroused again by his caresses. "You hungry?" "Yes, Lord and Master." "Well, we'll have to fix that before finishing your punishment."
He stopped caressing her and she shuddered as he first collected her hair into a ponytail and then gently pushed her down until she was on all fours. She felt a bit silly as he led her like this into the kitchen, but excited too as he kept caressing her back with the tip of the antenna. In the kitchen there a bowl of cereal was on the floor. She looked at him questioningly as he fetched milk from the fridge and poored in the bowl. He just sat down on a chair behind her and she understood she wasn't getting a spoon. While she was eating, the tip of the antenna kept caressing her back and ass and he was talking to her. "You really enjoyed last night, didn't you pet. I know you did. Now it can't really be called punishment when you enjoy it, can it? No, I don't think so either. Yesterday was pleasure, now it's time for pain. You finished with breakfast already?" There had not been much in the bowl when she started, and she was grateful for she was to excited and scared to eat much more. She licked the bowl clean of milk hoping to please him by being the good pet.

  He knew she was a little frightened about what he might do, but she was obviously excited as well. That wasn't what he'd planned now though, he wanted her more scared. Her pink tongue cleaning the bowl and her firm round butt in the air was a turn on, but it was time for pain. "Stand up," he ordered and she rose from the floor. An almost finished roll of toiletpaper jammed between her jaws and fastened with a rope made a good gag. "Can't have you scaring the neighbours," he said and admired his own work. "Bend at the waist now." Her nightie slipped to the floor "Arms around your legs." He tied her lower arms together and roped her calves together as well, then he tied her nightie around her head loosely. Now that she was blinded it would be easier to scare. He whipped her back once with the antenna, hard, and whispered to her through her nightie blindfold, "Pain, remember?" He knew she'd be steeling herself for another stroke, but one wasn't coming.

  Tied up, blind and gagged, trying to balance and with a painfult welt across her back she was now much more scared than excited. How much pain could he have planned for her? She was waiting for him to whip her back again, but she couldn't even hear him. Where was he now? His touch came back, not as a stroke of the antenna whip, but easing something between her body and thighs... some sort of padded stick, a broomhandle possibly. She was lifted up by this and carried somewhere. She had no idea where, but he'd managed to build something that kept her hanging by this bar without touching the floor. Then he flipped her around. Her weight was now across her upper arms, a bit painfull, but not on the top of her mind. Whatever pain he could have planned was foremost there, and evidently on his mind too. He started whipping her thighs from just below where her arms where tied and downwards. The pain just kept increasing and she screamed into her gag. After 20-25 strokes he stopped. It felt like her thighs were on fire from her knees down to her bum. She imagined blood dribbling down them and sobbed.

  He was admiring his handywork, 22 evenly spaced red stripes down the wellformed smooth thighs. Welts were forming and he softly caressed a thigh feeling the ridges they made. He heard her sobbing and could see tears staining the nightie. Enough of the all pain routine, time to sneak in some pleasure. He started by softly caressing her thighs between the welts. He moved downwards and started caressing her outer lips. When her excitetment started to become visible he softly kissed and licked her pussy, enjoying the taste of her juice. He kept it up for a few seconds until he felt the time was ready for his next little game.

  His lips and tongue were so good on her pussy she almost forgot the pain radiating from her thighs. Then suddenly they disappeared. She moaned her frustration into her gag and tried to wriggle in her bonds. Suddenly a lance of pain shot through her. He'd whipped her again, close to her knee. A short break and his tongue was on her pussy again. Then he stopped and she waited for the whip, it came a little further from her knee this time. Tongue between her folds again, the pain there in her mind as well, and this time adding to her pleasure. Tongue gone and she waited for the whip, she steeled herself but he let her wait. Then when she was sure it would come his tongue returned instead. He kept this routine up, keeping her confused about what would come next, tongue or whip.

  He knew she was turned on to the max because she was dripping juice on the carpet. He kept mixing whipping with licking, filling in the spaces between his first strokes. He tried to keep her close to orgasm but not quite there and he almost succeded in putting one stroke between each of his previous ones. But she orgasmed too soon. When he noticed he'd brought her over the edge he kept up his licking and whipped her at the same time, not as hard as the single strokes since he was doing two things at once.

  The whipping and licking kept her orgasm increasing in strenght until she thought she'd pass out again, but eventually it stopped. He left her to hang a while alone with her feelings and she felt like rational thought might be able again when she was moved again. This time she was laid on her back on the bed and her arms and legs were first untied, then tied again. Her arms stretched out to each side, her like they were, just a little more apart. She didn't know what he was doing but her ankles were wrapped in rope and she couldn't move her legs. He'd fastened them to something that could be moved though, cause he spread her legs a little, then pushed them together again. He removed her gag and retied the nightie so it was covering only her eyes. Then he started fucking her, his chest was against her tortured thighs provoking continuous pain, while his hips pumped his cock in and out of her sopping pussy. She needed another orgasm because the pain was increasing and his fucking didn't stimulate her pleasure centers enough.

  When he started fucking her she was so wet he hardly felt anything, he knew she was getting more pain than pleasure by the way his increased as he wore away her lubrication faster than it was renewed. When he judged the moment right he grabbed her ankles where they were fastened to two bars (another two brooms actually) allowing them to be tied yet movable. He swiftly moved them from tight together to spread all the way and pressed himself against all of her body. His cock deep in her pussy and his chest pressing against her breasts he sunk his tongue into her in a deep french kiss. He felt the sudden jump from too much pain to all pleasure getting to her as she moaned and pressed against him. She was just so good against him and he felt himself approaching climax. He knew she was close to hers as well and as he was getting ready to explode he moved both hands down and ran them up and down her ridged thighs. As her pussy started contracting around his cock he pumped his sperm deep into her.

  As he untied her she had just the energy to put her arms around him. She actually fell asleep again, even though it was still morning. She didn't sleep very long though, and this time he was there when she woke up... He'd be there in the future too, but that's another story, or should I say stories.


------------------------------------------------------
This story is erotic fiction, not a guide to living.
The characters might be acting in manners that are
foolish, dangerous, illegal, or impossible in our
physical universe.
Any attempt at copying acts and actions happen at your
own risk.

This work is copyrighted to the author (c) 2005.
Please do not remove the author information or make
any changes to this story. And don't redistribute it
without the express permission of the author.
------------------------------------------------------