A Night of Love

--


The room was dimly lit.  He could see little except the lithe outline of 
her frame.   She stood there in front of him, the kind of woman he had always 
desired and hungered for, now totally his, totally devoted to serving 
his pleasure.  

Who was she?  It didn't seem to matter, looking at her youthful, slender 
figure sparked a surge of affection in him.  It didn't matter where he 
was, who she was, why they were in this room together.  He let his mind 
and his caution lean back, relaxing in the august radiance of her 
presence.

She was wearing a long red gown, giving her the appearance of a 
fountain.  Her smooth, silken black hair stretched out behind her.  Her 
face, as flawless and beautiful as the evening sunset, gazed at him with 
deep affection in her dark brown eyes.   She stood there, perhaps three 
feet in front of him.  He gazed at the perfection of that calm, peaceful 
looking face, at the softness of her cheeks, the brightness of her 
smile.  

She pulled something and her skirt fell off.  Underneath it, she had on 
a red, very thin bikini.  The bra was only a short triangle covering her 
nipples and very little else; the thong was a little patch covering her 
pubic hair, and a T-shaped strap up the crack of her ass.  He could now 
see her form, and he felt the desires stirring within him.  Her waist, 
her beautiful waist, turned inward invitingly, and long he stared at 
that perfectly flat, smooth tummy.  Her legs were even more of a marvel, 
curved sinuously, like a river coiling through the desert, every part of 
it arousing his senses with his sight.  She turned round for him, 
wiggling her body from side to side.  

She bent to the ground and approached him, on hands and knees until she 
was at his feet.  Then she rose.  Her body was right in front of him 
now, he could smell the sweetness of her perfume, see her tender skin 
moving in front of him.  Closer and closer her chest moved towards him.

And then, her bra came off.  Her breasts, generously sized but not 
large, were inches from his eyelids.  He drank in the sight of them, 
staring at their round, delightful appearance.  She swayed her hips, 
tantalizing him, leading his eyes to the small patch between her legs.  
Her fingers strode down that lovely body, pulling down at the slender 
G-string, revealing at last the glistening shine of her pubic hair and 
the twin folds of her pussy.

He was staring at her now, staring with raw, undisguised, animal lust 
for her.  She smiled knowingly, and once again sank down to her knees.  
He felt her body brush up against his lower legs.  Slowly, each part of 
his body was enveloped in her warm naked body.  She slithered up him, 
hands stroking his chest, and he put his arms on her body, desperate for 
the soft smoothness she had there.

His hands were on her breasts.  He could touch them, freely, without 
hesitation, without limit, without refusal, enjoying their soft, 
sponge-like sensation in his hands.  She smiled at him, gently, and slid 
further up his body, her mouth in front of his.  

He drew her naked body over his.  Dutifully she undressed him.  He lay 
there, passively, enjoying the touch of her fingers on his flesh, the 
soft hands awakening his skin.  She pulled off his shirt and gently 
stroked his chest, sending waves of desire through it.  His erection was 
plainly visible now.  She undid his belt and took his pants off, 
stroking his legs a little.  Finally she pulled off his underwear, 
already wet from semen that had started to leak.

His cock was rock-hard with animal desire for her.  He wanted her, to 
possess that body, to own it, to explore its delights, its touches, its 
tastes, its scents.  She stood there, naked, showing no sign of 
embarrassment at his lust.  Touching her hand to his shoulder, she 
nudged him and he rolled over.  Soon her hands were stroking his back.

Her hands were so soft, so gentle, they felt like a healing solace.  She 
gently caressed his back with the lightest of touches, inflaming his 
feelings still more.  He moaned as her fingers tantalized him, sliding 
down his sides towards his stomach.  Slowly her hands settled on his 
buttocks, gently squeezing them, playing with them, even nudging the 
side of her palm a little down his crack.  She spread his legs out wide 
and began to stroke it.

There was always something magical about a female hand on his private 
parts.  He felt himself getting excited as she stroked his inner thighs, 
and as she touched his balls from behind he nearly jumped with ecstasy. 
 She stroked his balls and groin for a while, saying softly....I love 
you...

Then he rolled over.  His naked body lay exposed beneath hers.  Her 
hands began to massage his stomach, softly, gently, lighting him up like 
wildfire.  He thought he would die of desire, as he lay there, 
exposed, open, his raging passion open for her to see, nonchalantly.  
Her hands felt like electric currents upon his skin, lighting a trail of 
glory in their wake.

She began to stroke the inside of his legs.  He was very sensitive 
inside his legs, and with each move of the hand his body leaped.  Her 
hands against his skin felt like magic.  She stroked the inside of his 
cock, hands as light as a feather, fondling it, caressing it, stroking 
it soothingly.   He closed his eyes and let waves of pleasure rush over 
him, the peaceful warmth which only a sweet girl's hands can bring to a 
man.  His balls felt a tingling sensation as she cupped them in her 
hands and played with them.

She pushed his legs further apart to be able to fondle his groin more 
easily.  Her fingers lovingly stroked between his legs, behind his 
balls.  He moaned with pleasure as he felt the cum inside him gathering, 
wanting to soak her hands on it, see his white mark on her luscious 
skin.  Sensing this, she moved her hands away from his throbbing dick.  

Kneeling down, her hands caressed his stomach again, up his chest, 
stroking his face.  He felt her breasts rubbing his chest, his cock 
sliding against her stomach.  She deftly lifted her hips up to keep him 
from climaxing then and there.  Slowly she slid, her nude body writhing 
on his, until her lips were directly opposite his.

He gazed into her eyes for a few seconds, then closed them as he felt 
her lips touch his, then press into him firmly.  He felt his temperature 
rising.  Honey and milk are under your tongue, and the roof of your 
mouth is like the best wine, he thought blissfully as he wrapped his 
arms around her tightly.   Her tongue mingled with his, exploring his 
mouth, probing it, and his tongue thrust into her mouth, feeling its 
warm inviting flavor.

This was paradise, a touch of heaven, an ecstasy compressed into human 
flesh and living in human touch.  The perkiness of her breasts against 
his chest, the tantalizing scent of her perfume, the warmth inside her 
mouth, all this made him feel warm, protected, safe, sheltered from the 
hungers and pains of the world outside.  

He leaned back, dreamily, and let her explore his body with her tongue. 
 She nuzzled to the sides of his head, slowly drawing her tongue around 
his ears, lifting her cheek to them and gurgling.  Her tongue, moving as 
seductively as any serpent, slithered over to his face, and he felt the 
comforting wetness against his face, massaging him, stroking him, 
bringing lights into his eyes.  

She rose still higher, and there they were, before his eyes, her two 
luscious breasts.  He stared at them hungrily, then leeringly moved his 
mouth closer and closer to them.  She did not resist; instead, she 
pushed them into his mouth, cradling his head against her as if he was 
an infant.

Suck it....the words were barely a whisper, but he scarcely needed to 
hear them.  Holding her strongly against him, he drank in the luscious 
taste of those breasts.  He nuzzled there for a long time, sucking and 
licking, as she softly kissed his forehead and stroked his hair.  He let 
his eyes wander up, and stared up at her, her breast firmly ensconced in 
his mouth.  She smiled at him, compassionately, and he redoubled his 
efforts.

At last he had drank his fill.  He let go of her breasts and laid down 
on the bed, sighing dreamily.  But she was not finished with him yet.  
She slid her body down, on top of him, down, kissing his neck, laying a 
trail of kisses and nibbles across his chest, until her mouth closed 
around his nipples.  Now it was her turn to graze there, nuzzling at his 
nipples, rapidly flicking her tongue back and forth over them, feeling 
his body start to writhe and wriggle underneath her.

Slowly she moved down further.  Her lips and tongue played on his belly, 
circled his navel, but she knew the part of his body he wanted.  She 
slid down to the ground, kneeling before him, in a reverent position.  
His dick was there, in front of her face, rock-hard, proud and insolent 
in its insatiable lust for her.  She smiled, smiled at the writhing 
member hungry for her lips, smiled at the dribbles of precum down the 
shaft, forming a little pool at the bottom.  

She kissed his cock affectionately, pecking his glans with her lips, 
then pursing them together.  He moaned, louder again.  Then she took her 
tongue out further and swirled it around his dick.  He felt her tongue 
massage him and nearly burst with excitement.  There she was, a 
beautiful naked girl kneeling before him, her face down in his genitals, 
licking and kissing his most private parts, giving him all the pleasure 
he could possibly want.  

Now her tongue licked the base of his cock, slowly going up the back of 
it, spreading desire and passion through his body like wildfire.  He 
wanted this girl, wanted to possess her, wanted to feel her delights all 
over him.  He reveled at the fact that her tongue was down there, 
between his legs, licking his cock like a banjo, making him moan, pant, 
salivate, let himself totally feel at one with the lust of the moment.  

Her tongue could not be stopped.  Down and down his cock it went, and he 
felt his balls starting to writhe as she licked them, oblivious to his 
hair.  He could hardly believe his senses when he felt her mouth envelop 
his scrotum, taking one ball into her mouth, sucking on it, nibbling on 
it, then pushing it out and eagerly hunting for the next.  His balls in 
her mouth!  He revelled in the sensation, the tingling sensation, the 
little tickles that sent delightful ripples into his sac and loins.

Her tongue was like a balm, a soother, a soft wet magical love that 
brought ecstasy to every particle to his skin.  Now she was nuzzling 
between his legs, licking his groin very slowly, massaging his inner 
thighs.  He found himself giggling foolishly, unable to contain himself, 
basking in her attentions.

She rolled him over.  He felt her face grazing his ass.  Kiss my ass, he 
whispered, and soon the soft pucker of her lips was there.  Her lips on 
his bare ass - the mere thought made each kiss a dollop of tender love. 
 Anticipation burned in him like fire.  Her hands moved to his buttocks 
and her gentle fingers slowly drew them apart.  He felt the hot breath 
inside him and knew that could mean only one thing.

Her tongue entered his asshole.

The sensation that arises when a woman's tongue is licking inside a 
man's ass cannot be easily described.  Perhaps the best metaphor is that 
of a wheel of pleasure, a loosening that turns the insides into jelly 
and the mind into a blazoned electrode of passion.  Waves of sensations 
spread from his ass, deep inside him, into the depths of his body and 
soul.  He screamed, and screamed again, unable to contain himself, 
scarcely able to fathom the waves of raw joy that permeated his being.  
Her tongue probed deeper, deeper, impossibly deeply into his asshole, 
with no hint of hesitation or shame or prudery.  

She knew his body could not contain himself much longer.  Rolling him 
over, she looked knowingly at his cock, by now rock-hard, dripping with 
precum, quivering and shaking.  She moved her lips closer to it, then 
paused just above it.  She looked straight into his eyes and smiled, and 
he almost collapsed, unable to comprehend the magnificence unfolding on 
him.  Then she uttered four unforgettable words:

I wanna drink it.

The state of his mind as her mouth enveloped his cock shattered all 
preconceptions of reality.  As the soft wet warmth enveloped his 
genitals he was only aware of desire, hungry desire, naked desire, the 
will to live, to breathe, to cum.  His body pulsed.  Her lips were firm 
but soft and yielding, her tongue seductive, her saliva a juice of wild 
pleasure.

Even afterwards, the moment of ejaculation seemed like a dream.  It 
hardly seemed real, his cum flowing into her mouth.  The thought of her 
tongue, painted white, with the signal of his lust only made each thrust 
more of a miracle, more of an explosion.  Her head rolled with each 
thrust, expertly taking each one, writhing with him as his moment 
unfurled.

What can describe an orgasm of blinding intensity?  In that moment 
reality ceases to exist.  Dreams and consciousness become one.  All 
senses, all feelings, all thought and deed is subordinate to the driving 
imperatives of love, lust, and desire.  

He lay there, panting, spent, and exhausted, but she was not finished 
with him yet.  She slid up his body again, lying with her face opposite 
his.  She opened her mouth, and he saw the white pool there, the symbol 
of his passions inside her.  She closed her mouth and ostentatiously 
swallowed, looking at him straight in the eye and smiling as he heard 
the gurgling sound.

Overcome with emotion, he collapsed into her arms, clasping him against 
her, holding her body tightly against his.  He would never let her go.  
She cradled him against her and rocked him gently until they both fell 
asleep, lying there, naked, in each others' arms.
