	


	He took another sip of his Captain and Coke, the sweet taste filling his mouth for just a moment as he swallowed.  She had teased him mercilessly about his somewhat feminine taste in liquors.  She of course had loved the brandies, the scotches, and had spurned the flavored spirits that he so favored.  No matter how hard she tried though, she could never convince him to switch to the more robust alcohols.  Perhaps that was one of the reasons she had left him. 
	Work had been hard for him lately; he had taken a lot of time working on his cases.  They had drifted apart a little during his time at law school.  He had known it, but been powerless to stop the inevitable.  The courses were grueling, requiring him to devote endless hours to study groups and research at the library.  He had gotten to know the librarian better than he knew his own wife.  He had done all of this for her, so that they could both have the life that they yearned for, and she had been patient.  
	It would all be better after law school, they would murmur to themselves wearily as they drifted off to sleep.  Everything would be so much better.  
	It left a bitter taste in his mouth, the words, the false promises, and the success that now was so hollow.  His hard work at law school had paid off, in spades.  While not graduating at the top of his class, he had gotten close enough to earn a coveted spot at Bertlemann and Sach's, a prestigious, local law firm that paid very well and had advancement opportunities that many would have sold their souls for.  When they had first heard the news, they were ecstatic.  That night, the sex had been wild and celebratory.  
	But then the bubble burst.  He had to work long hours, sometimes just sleeping over at the office in order to save the commuting time.  Usually he made it home just in time to collapse lifelessly on the sofa as she brought him dinner.  He could watch it all in his head now, the steady decline in their relationship.  At first their conversation, as he wearily ate, was lively.  But each night, it grew less so.  Until finally dinner was marked by icy silences, that try though he might, he could never bring himself to break.  
	He had gone home last week, and found what he had been expecting for awhile now.  The house looked as though it had been ransacked, with clothes strewn about, plates placed in boxes labeled with her name.  On the refrigerator was a note.  He still had it, crumpled up in his jacket pocket.  Now and again he would read it again.  She had professed her love of him, but said it was too hard for her.  He could see water marks, where she had cried while writing him.  He had slumped lifelessly onto the sofa and had his dinner that night, too tired to even mourn the passing of their time together.
	He had buried himself in his work then, hiding from the pain as best he could.  He had sacrificed so much, but where, oh where, did he make the decision to sacrifice her?  He couldn?t tell, and it ate away at him.  So he continued to work, and God knew there was enough of it for him to be buried in indefinitely.  But no matter how hard he tried to hide, no matter how long he stayed at the office, eventually he had to return to that cold, empty house, and eat dinner on that accursed sofa as the room filled with the whispers of regrets and opportunities lost.  
	So he often came here, to drown his sorrows as best he could.  The place was smoky, somewhat dingy, but it had character to it, with the ever present sports memorabilia placed on the walls, with pictures of local sports heroes and foibles taking prominence over more nationally recognized events.  The usual bartender at night was a tiny woman, with blond hair and breasts that no doubt had been paid for.  She had flirted with him, quite a bit, and had expressed interest in more than his money.  But every time he had rebuffed her.  He just wasn't ready yet, he told himself.  Still, he often found his eyes lingering on her, lingering on the promise in her eyes.  
	As he sat there, idly toying with his glass, the door opened, letting a cooling breeze into the somewhat stuffy interior.  He raised his eyes, watching through the mirror behind the bar as the woman entered.  The first impression was that she was tiny.  Standing only around five foot four or so, she seemed almost childlike, and her waiflike face, with its button nose and light smattering of freckles beneath brown eyes certainly didn't detract from her youthful appearance.  Black hair cascaded down in a loose tumble around her shoulders, and her eyes, delicately shaped, perused the room with a cool, brown-eyed gaze.  
	He watched her approach, her loose, cotton blouse draped deliciously over her curves, her pants hugging her hips in a most enticing manner as she leaned over the bar next to him.  He could detect the faint scent of lilacs in the spring as she ordered her drink from Cindy, the bartender.  While she was waiting, she settled on to the stool next to him, and he suddenly found his heart beating just a little faster.  
	Stop it, he told himself.  She's nothing to you.  Remember Laura.  With that thought, the taste of the rum and coke turned sour in his mouth, and he motioned curtly for his tab.  Pulling his wallet out, he began to sift through the morass of credit cards before finally finding the one he liked.  Holding it in a hand, he watched as Cindy returned with the lady?s drink, a strawberry daiquiri by the looks of it.  As Cindy began to turn away, he passed the credit card across to her, and she took it with only a slightly suggestive smile.  
	He could feel the woman next to him coolly watching him as the curvaceous bartender rang up his tab and wrote something on his receipt.  When she returned, her smile was most definitely?inviting, and she slipped the pen and credit card slip to him.  As he filled in his tip and signed the slip, he noted on his copy a phone number.  Looking up, he could see the invitation in her eyes.  Suddenly, irrationally, anger overtook him.  Crumpling his copy into a ball, he threw it contemptuously behind the bar, got up, and left without another glance back.  
	The night air was cool and refreshing, the slight spring breeze cooling his troubled thoughts.  He paused in the entryway, letting the wind caress his face, soothing away his anger.  Sighing, he began walking to his car, a thousand thoughts tumbling in his head.  Remorse over his somewhat juvenile behavior in the bar tormented him.  It wasn't Cindy's fault that he felt guilty for being attracted to the other woman.  Why he had decided to reject her in such a cold and callous manner, he couldn't answer.  He once had been kind, gentle, courteous and caring.  All of that seemed to have left with Laura though.  All of what made him the man he wanted to be seemed to have left with her, leaving him to an empty house and a cold dinner.  
	He got in his car, a sensible, rather nondescript sedan, and drove the few miles back his place, a small house perched at the apex of a curve in the road, with a driveway leading into the garage/basement.  A small mailbox, covered with frilly, painted flowers stood at the edge of the street.  Laura had liked very pretty, frilly things.  As a result, most of their house was covered in one form of lace or another, with pink a predominant color.  He had often teased her about their somewhat gaudy decorations, but she had always told him somewhat primly that he was a man, and by default, had no taste to begin with.  
	He walked inside, cutting on the light in the kitchen, the fluorescent light humming as it came to life.  Opening the fridge, he found yet another tv dinner and zapped it in the microwave.  Eating, he somewhat dourly came to the conclusion that tv dinners would be the death of him yet.  Cardboard mashed potatoes, a sirloin steak that seemed more mush than steak, soggy vegetables, and a charred brownie formed his gourmet meal this night, and he forced it all down as quickly as possible.  
	When he was done, he shoved the dinner tray to the side, throwing his head back on the sofa's soft cushions, and let the alcohol induced weariness take him.  As he was drowsing, he thought he heard the door open, and then she was there.  The smell of her vanilla rinse in his nostrils, he felt her lips caress his, her hands lightly running through the stubble along his jaw.  His hands rose up, caressing the skin of her back, finding much to his delight, nothing obstructing him from touching her naked skin directly.  He could feel her heat, when she settled down atop him, and her kisses grew more passionate, her tongue emerging to trace the outline of his own, the sound of her breathing quickening as his hands roamed closer towards her bottom.  Her curves had been mapped by his hands so many times, and yet every time he touched her, he found some new delight in her, some new wonder that before now he had never noticed.  
	She pulled her head back, and he opened his eyes and looked on her.  Blond hair framed a face that could only be described as sultry, with a mouth that seemed made for pleasure, blue eyes that smoldered as they took him in, bronzed skin marred only by the pale lines that marked where she had worn her skimpy bikini.  He drank in the sight of her, memorized every detail he could, until he felt her hands wrap in his hair, pulling his head towards one of her full, succulent breasts.  
	He began raining kisses down her, starting at her collar bone, working his way down and to the left, towards the ruby red nipple that capped her breast.  He heard her breathing quicken as he began tracing the outer edges of her nipple with his tongue, he could see the skin of her areola wrinkling up and her nipple stiffening at the sensation and he smiled.  She had always had sensitive breasts, and if he were patient enough, he could make her climax just by suckling on her delicious teats.  But he had other things on his mind, most notably the hard rod that was begging for release.  
	He soon abandoned her nipple, hearing her moan in disappointment.  His tongue soon started forging a path across her breast, once more heading towards her collarbone.  This time he started kissing the sensitive parts of her neck gently, sucking on the tender skin with abandon.  He could feel her grinding her crotch against his.  Her wetness began soaking the denim of his pants, and he moaned in excitement.  Soon, she had had enough of his teasing, standing only to start pulling his shirt off of him.  With that task done, she began running her hands over his well muscled body, delighting in the small patch of hair that started at his belly button and led the way down into his pants.  Soon her hands found the button on his pants, and they were off too, along with his boxers.  She licked her lips as she beheld his cock standing proud and erect from the thick tangle of hair at its base.  
	He groaned as she began kissing her way down his stomach, his hands coming to nest in her fine golden hair.  Soon she was laving her tongue along his inner thighs, his muscles contracting in sympathy, his rod twinging in anticipation.  All too soon she obliged him, taking his cock in one small hand, as she began to slowly lick the underside of it, from the base to the aching tip.  His hands tightened in her hair as he groaned his approval.  She continued to lick and suck at the delicate skin of his shaft, slowly focusing on the tender scar tissue around his foreskin.  After what seemed an eternity to him, she opened her mouth, and took him into her.  The sensation of being engulfed by her wet, hot mouth almost drove him over the edge.  It had been so long since he had felt this good, and his hands tightened of their own volition in her hair, forcing her harder down on his steely cock.  
	She used all her arts on him, stroking him with her tongue, as she moved her head up and down.  Sometimes she would pull almost completely off of him, just long enough to flick his head with her velvety tongue, before once more engulfing as much of him as she could.  Her cheeks caved in as she sucked harder and harder.  His legs began trembling as the sensations washed over him, and before too long he was pulling her off of him desperately, trembling from the nearness of his climax.
	"N-not yet, Laura.  I want to finish inside of you," he gasped out.  She only purred in response, twisting to her feet like a cat.  As she stood in front of him, he found himself at eye level with her pussy, and he liked what he saw.  Leaning forward, he grasped her hips, holding her still as he began kissing her inner thighs, drawing nearer to her box.  She spread her legs a little in invitation, and soon he found himself running his tongue through her sparse pubic hair, her heat washing over his face as he drew closer to her.  
	The muscles in her thighs began trembling as he drew closer and closer to her center, and when he touched her outer lips with his tongue, she nearly collapsed with a moan.  He drew away from her long enough to stand up and lay her gently down on the sofa.  She eagerly spread her legs for him again as he knelt on the far side of the couch, kneeling down to run his tongue up her slit, from the bottom to the top, stopping at the last to flick her hidden clit with the tip of his tongue.  She gasped and wrapped her hands in his hair, holding him to her as he began to explore her pussy more thoroughly.  
	She tasted somewhat tangy, and he moaned in appreciation as he began sucking at all of her juices, stroking the inner lips with his tongue, always flicking the clit at the very end of every up stroke.  Soon she was trembling around him, and he could tell she was getting close by the moans and gasps she was making.  She was always so sexy when she was first cresting over into orgasm.  Lifting up just slightly, he pursed his lips around her clit and began humming softly as he sucked the little bud into his mouth.  Her thighs clamped down around his head, as she began moaning and bucking under his sudden onslaught.  A burst of fresh cream burst forth from her hole, soaking his face as he began to eagerly lick her clean.  Her thighs relaxed then, and her hands gently pushed him away.  He looked up at her, to see her breasts still heaving with the force of her orgasm.  She returned his smile with a wan one of her own as he began licking and kissing his way up her tall, luscious body.  
	As he reached her mouth, she began licking his face clean, her legs wrapping around his hips suddenly.  "I want you," she murmured softly, her eyes begging him silently as his cock drew closer to her wet, hot entrance.  
	Always one to oblige her whims, he sighed softly in pleasure as he arched his hips slightly, slipping into her wet channel with ease.  The sensations caused them both to groan and he found himself just sitting as deeply in her as he could for a few minutes, unable and unwilling to withdraw from her sheath.  Eventually though, need drove both of them as he began plunging in and out of her.  
      He began making love to her slowly, feeling her sheath tightening around him.  Laying atop her, he started kissing her neck again, hearing her approving moans as his tongue sought out all the parts of her neck that made her feel good.  He could feel her body begin to move under his, as she started to climb to her peak again, and he began grinding his hips against her at the end of each stroke.  Soon a rush of moisture and a cry of pleasure announced her arrival, her fingernails tightening in his back, raking his skin as she became lost in the pleasure.  As she began to coast down from her orgasm, he whispered softly in her ear, "I love you."  When he raised back up, he saw in her eyes, the truth.  No love was reflected in those blue eyes, only pity and anger.  He shook his head, desperately.  "No, I love you.  That's all that matters. I love you."  
      He woke, with the words still ringing in his ears, the sight of her sorrowful gaze haunting him.  "Damn," he muttered softly, fervently, as he rose and headed to the bathroom to wash up for bed.
