Author: PrivatePirate
Title: Truth or Dare [part 2]
Part: Part 2
Keywords: ff+b, fsolo, bsolo, inc, cons, oral, anal
Summary: A Halloween party turns into a night to remember among four young girls and a boy during a game of truth or dare.

NOTE: The following story is the second part in a multi-part series. To read this story from the beginning, please direct your browser to the this URL: http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/PrivatePirate/Truth%20or%20Dare%201.txt

I was still completely rock-hard and unfulfilled...well, aside from having cum while watching the triplets groping one another, and Janice with her hand down the front of her white panties, furiously frigging herself and suddenly scooting herself over to play with Tina's tits...damn, that sight sent me right over the edge, and then? With Tracy's pussy on my face and my tongue inside her? After that, I couldn't even begin to imagine what the rest of the night held in store...but I wanted it!

Tina had been playing with Tammy's pussy through her panties while fingering herself as she was watched me eat out her "baby sister", and she was now firmly in control of the pace of the game, pulling Tracy off of my face and stretching out my torment and (and Tracy's).

I needed release. I didn't know how much more of this I could take but, God help me, I wanted it. 

"Okay, Tracy, quit your moping that he didn't make you cum...well, yet...and give the spinner a whack already!" Tina said.

Tracy sat down, completely naked, her legs spread slightly and her fingers idly stroking where my tongue had been just moments before. Fuck, she was hot!

As I mentioned before, the triplets still liked to match one another, so (adding to my torment) both Tina and Tammy took off their panties and cast them aside. All three of the triplets were now sitting before me, wonderfully nude, just as I was...the only one still with any clothing on was Janice, and she was busy removing her blouse as it was.

We were all horny. We all wanted to throw that spinner into the fireplace and just crawl all over one another, licking and sucking and fondling and fingering and fucking...but Tina was in control now, and she was making this last.

I didn't know whether to hate her or thank her.

Tracy spun the dial, looking at me wantonly. The girls may have only been thirteen, and me just twelve-and-a-half, but puberty had most definitely hit us in the ass and we were now a group of five lust-filled bags of meat that wanted only to fuck like rabbits...had it not been for one redheaded succubus who had 
this night, and everyone in it, wrapped around her little claws.

She knew more than anyone else in the room, and I still would love to find out how. Tammy was the cool-headed one - the one with the logical mind who could help explain things. Tracy was a bit more naive, but only just. Me and Janice? We'd never experienced anything like this before. We were completely unaware of everything having to do with sex in this horrible little conservative town of 880 people, but what we had discovered this night was absolutely wonderful...and we wanted more!

Janice was now removing her bra, with the help of Tina. In a flash, I was looking at her bared breasts. She had gone from shy and timid to a lust-filled vixen in just a couple of short hours now. She was very small-chested - smaller even than the triplets. Her nipples were tiny and pink. I found her utterly beautiful and couldn't take my eyes off of her!

She looked at me, staring at her tits, and whereas before, she may have blushed and covered herself back up, this time all she did was lick her lips and trace her nipples with her fingers. Goddamn, I wanted her!

The spinner stopped on Tammy. Tracy looked at her, and before she could even ask "truth or dare", Tammy looked from my bobbing erection to their bared pussies to Janice's tits, smiled wickedly, and said, "Dare!"

Tracy arched the eyebrow over her right eye. She obviously hadn't expected this of her middle sister. "Oookay, then. Ahem...dare. I dare you...damn, where can I go with this? Ah! I got it! I dare you to, using only your teeth, take off Janice's panties...and then give her pussy a good tongueing for at least a minute."

Holy...fucking...shit.

Janice's eyes grew wide a moment, and then her lids hooded a bit and a smile grew on her face as she turned her legs toward Tammy and leaned back, bending her knees and spreading her thighs just enough...and I could still see everything. My hand was trembling. I wanted to touch myself again, and then Tammy leaned forward, suddenly excited about what was about to happen.

She crawled on her hands and knees, looking decidedly feline and absolutely delicious in her nakedness, right between Janice's legs, her eyes on her prize the entire time...then she began to lick her pussy right through her panties, which caused Janice to jump a little bit. Then, a fold made, Tammy carefully bit down and began tugging until she could get a better hold.

The cloth came back from her crotch, and I could just see the outline of vulva through the leg hole until Tammy blocked my view and nibbled there, pulling that side away, then moved to the other side and did the same, eventually taking a full bite into the panties and pulling them completely off of Janice's now delightfully nude body.

My hand was already on my cock by this time, stroking gently. I looked over and saw that Tina and Tracy were pleasuring themselves as well, occasionally letting their hands wander over one another's bodies.

Tammy dove in face-first, mouth open and tongue expectant. Janice met her half-way and impaled herself on Tammy's tongue, gasping as Tammy began licking and sucking voraciously, her own hand back between her legs, right in my direct line of view, and rubbing her clit like a madwoman. God, I wanted to fuck her right then! I was just starting to get up on my knees when Tina ruined everything.

"Time's up!" she announced...but Tammy kept going. "Uh-uh, it's your turn to spin now. She said said one minute."

Tammy broke her mouth-hold for just a moment and resplied, "She said at LEAST a minute. I'm not done yet."

Tracy looked over to Tina. "Yep...I did. She got you there."

"Okay then, what do you suggest?" Tina said, her hand never really straying from her own pussy.

Tammy broke her mouth away just enough to get her words out. They were muffled against Janice's pussy and interspersed with the wet, sloppy sounds of sucking on her clit, her finger now inside her and probing, in and out, adding to the wet "sclortch" sounds. "Fuck the spinner," she mumbled. "Let's just have sex," to which Janice replied with an approving "Mmm-hmm" and took a handful of Tammy's hair in her hands and pulled her face even closer onto her mound.

I don't think Tina really needed any prompting at that point. Her hand was already on Tracy's pussy by then as it was, so she just shrugged, threw her legs over, scooted her ass up toward Tracy and started scissoring her sister.

I watched this spectacle for a only a few moments, then  brought myself up onto my knees and began licking and fingering Tammy's twat, my other hand moving from my cock to feel the softness of her ass. She responded by pushing herself back against my face. I then felt a hand on my cock and looked down to see Tracy stroking me off as she fucked Tina's pussy with her own, grinding them together and rocking back and forth...but I needed more. I needed something I had never had before...well, I'd never had any of this, actually, but right now, I needed my cock inside Tammy's pussy, so I extricated myself from Tracy's grasp, sat up, rubbed the head of my cock against Tammy's wetness, and started to push forward into that warm, waiting flesh...God, she felt so good!

She again responded with a thrust of her ass back to me, taking me half-way, then three-quarters, then all the way in, bucking against me as my own hips matched her rhythm stroke-for-stroke. I couldn't believe it - I was fucking Tammy while she was eating out Janice and her sisters ground their twats together...I was in heaven!

Though we didn't have anything called "sexual education" out here in the sticks - after all, that would be "sinful"! Think of the children! If they knew about it, they'd become filled with lust and want to have sex! - that ancient simian part of the brain seemed to override the confusion and naivete clouding my consciousness and...got down to business. I may not have known the right moves in any of this, but I had some wonderful teachers, and right now, school was definitely in session!

Tammy was bucking against me and moaning around Janice's pussy, which made Janice moan and squirm all the more, so I think I may have just advanced to the head of the class...or, well, at least I'd become the teacher's pet! Then Tammy stopped me and pulled away, lifting her head away from Janice and moving to put her pussy onto Janice's lips.

"I want to watch you fuck her while she eats me out," she purred. I looked over at Tracy and Tina - they were now locked in a tight "69", yet paused to take in this new view.

Janice didn't even wait - she started licking Tammy and fingering her, while moving herself into a better position in front of me and spreading her legs.

I needed no further coaxing, leaned forward and entered Janice. Shit, she was tight...but, damn!

I started pumping slowly, then Tammy put her face down next to mine and plunged her tongue into my mouth. The next thing I knew, I felt hands on my ass and something cold and slick being rubbed onto - and into - my asshole, and then Tina started to finger my anus while I fucked Janice. Tracy was eating out Tina and Tammy's hand was fingering Tina...my head swam at it all. I couldn't keep track of who ended and who began anymore, and suddenly Tammy started to breathe faster and harder, sat up on Janice's face and began to rock her hips quickly against her mouth, then grabbed her tits and threw her head back and had to put her forearm into her mouth to keep from crying out as she came...I couldn't hold it anymore, and came inside Janice.

She gasped, and I felt embarrassed as I pulled out from the sticky mess that I left behind and watched as it oozed out of her...but Tina was there in a flash with a paper towel and taking care of matters. I think she expected this to happen the first time, especially with two people going at it who had never had anything sexual happen to them before...well, at least with another person, and in Janice's case, not even really then.

"It's all right, honey, this happens. Let me get you cleaned up. As for you," she looked over at me, "quit being so fucking embarassed. All you did was cum. Tracy...why don't you...'clean him up', so to speak?"

Tracy smiled and began gently stroking my cock, which was still a little hard, but going down fast. She milked out the semen and cleaned it with a paper towel of her own, then winked at me and started licking the head, popping it between her lips and then licking the shaft all the way down to my balls.

Janice was watching the show as Tina finished cleaning her by gently massaging her pussy and getting all of...well, me...out of her that she could, then leaned forward and kissed Janice's twat, slowly ran her tongue along her slit, and then began giving her a thorough tongueing. I reached up and started playing with Tina's pussy, and Tammy came over and plopped down between Tracy's legs and started flicking her tongue over her folds, spearing the tip of her tongue in between every so often.

Tina backed herself up onto my hand as I inserted two fingers into her, and in no time at all, I was rock-hard again in Tracy's mouth.

"You've cum twice now...you should last quite a while before you cum again," Tina said suddenly, "so I think you owe it to Janice to help her cum. Get over here and bring that cock with you," she said, smiling.

Tina pushed me back and Tammy helped guide me inside Janice at a weird angle...but it felt nice. Tracy plopped her pussy down on my face and both Tina and Tammy started flicking Janice's clit while I fucked her slowly, an occasional tongue sliding along my shaft on the upswing.

Janice just let herself become lost in the moment. She didn't know what to think, what to do, how to feel...but she felt good, and soon enough her hips were squirming a little this way, a little that way, maximizing her own pleasure on a subconscious level.

I was starting to feel those urges in me as well and began to speed up the thrusting and pounding of my hips until I felt a hand on my chest from...someone...I didn't even know who at this point. "Uh-uh there, speedster. Throttle back down or your radiator cap's gonna pop again."

That's exactly what I wanted to have happen, dammit all! But I heard Janice's breath starting to come a little faster. Her hips began grinding into mine now, and then I felt that hand lift away from my chest and a mumbled, "okay, go for it!"

Tracy was grinding against my face, Janice was grinding against my hips, and my juices were most definitely flowing right now...holy fucking shit!

All three of us came at the same time. It was absolutely amazing! I ejaculated into Janice just as her pussy trembled all over my cock and a warm quivering gush hit me in the mouth all at once.

I was exhausted. I'd cum three times in as many hours, all in the company of four of the most beautiful girls I knew.

I rolled over and began milking the cum from my penis the way that Tracy had done before, and Janice just stroked her body while basking in the warm afterglow of her first orgasm, completely heedless of what was slowly dripping out of her pussy and onto the floor.

The triplets didn't seem to care about the mess either. They were all sitting back and smiling, kissing with tongues out in the air before them, giggling and caressing one another, Janice, and an occasional hand along my bared chest...once, even with nails lightly raking across me - this from Tina (who else?).

"All right, then...two down, two to go." Tina said suddenly.

I looked at her quizzically. "Huh?"

"Tracy came, Janice came, you've obviously cum...hey! That's three times for you, you little shit! But Tammy and I still need to have an orgasm tonight."

"Better make it fast," Tracy said. "It's already three in the morning. We have to get SOME sleep tonight..."

Tina and Tammy rolled into one another's embrace and started sucking on nipples, feeling asses, tongueing slits...we sat back and watched, occasionally stroking ourselves slightly, occasionally guiding our hands along each other, and enjoyed the show.

Tammy had her hand on Tina's pussy and was fingering her while she crawled along her chest and sucked each nipple, taking it in her mouth and pulling on it slightly, letting it pop out on its own. Then she had just started to move down when Tina rolled her over and started tracing her tongue in circles on Tammy's nipples, then moved down farther and farther, her tongue tracing mysterious patterns all along the way, then ending right at Tammy's pussy.

She sucked on Tammy's labia folds, she sucked on Tammy's clit, she ran her tongue along (and into) her slit and then back up, teasing...tormenting...I remembered how Tammy's pussy felt wrapped around my cock. I could only imagine how she had felt, and now was completely mystified as the wonderful feelings that crossed her face as her sister licked and probed and did all of these erotically amazing things to her as I watched.

I was rock-hard yet again...I couldn't believe it! Score points for youth, I guess! Tracy noticed, leaned forward and whispered into my ear for me to get up and fuck Tina while she ate Tammy out.

I looked over to her, and she only nodded, then leaned back with her legs spread and started to play with herself. I looked over at Janice...she was long gone, already frigging herself like crazy, her eyes glazed over, hypnotized by what was happening in front of her.

I got up on my knees...and guided my penis between Tina's glistening lips...she stopped for only a moment, then pushed herself back onto me. Her mouth made a wet sucking sound as it came off her Tammy's pussy. "That's cheating," she said with an evil grin coloring her words.

I only replied with another thrust, my hand coming up to my mouth and sucking on my fingers to get them nice and wet, and then I started fingering her asshole as I fucked her. Not an easy task, I soon found out, but she was loving every moment of it as she clamped her mouth down on Tammy's pussy. I heard Tammy give a brief cry, though whether from surprise or a little pain or something else, I didn't know, but no one seemed to complain.

Suddenly, just when things were starting to get really...ahem...interesting, Tina pulled herself away from me, swiveled her hips in a move that I, to this day, couldn't tell you how it was done, and they rolled away in a very tight "69" just as I fell backward and found Tracy straddling me, taking my cock in her hand and guiding me into her, all in one swift motion. I leaned back only to find Janice looking at me with a devilish grin, pushing me back and clamping her pussy onto my face while reaching a hand around behind Tracy's neck and pulling her face to her own and practically crushing their lips together.

The priests have it all wrong. If heaven is all a bunch of people floating on clouds and playing harps and just basking in euphoric love, I don't want it. THIS was paradise happening right here! Our nerves were tingling, we had become a part of each other...we were ALIVE!

Tina and Tammy started cumming about the same time that Janice came on my face. I felt those urges down inside of me right as Tracy started to grind her hips against me almost painfully, and we wound up cumming together. I don't even think anything came out of me that time, and dammit, my balls hurt...but I had had the best night of my life right there in their living room.

Actually, to this day, I can't really recall any night even remotely like it. Oh, I've had some wonderful times, definitely, but nothing has yet compared to it...and I wasn't even yet thirteen years old!

We lay there, sweating, panting, unabashedly, unashamedly naked on the floor. Our hands toyed with one another, caressing, touching...we could most definitely have continued this on and off forever, but we knew that all good things must come to an end...eventually.

Suddenly, the triplets began cleaning things up, putting the Twister spinner away, and they started to get dressed again. I pouted.

"Oh, don't give me that look," Tina said. "You and Janice need to get dressed as well and get some sleep...on OPPOSITE sofas, mind you."

"Yeah, yeah..."

"Seriously, though," Tammy said. "Dad will be getting up soon. He just has this built-in clock and always gets up before the sun. He'll probably tip-toe out the door and go chop some wood or something. Then Mom will come in and begin making breakfast."

"And...after that?"

"Yeah, your folks will probably come here to pick you up, but you're welcome to join us. In fact, I'll suggest it - Mom can call and you can get picked up in town instead."

"What's in town?"

"It's Sunday. We have to go to church and pray for the forgiveness of our sins," she winked.

I watched as they went upstairs, Janice and I curling into our blankets and falling almost immediately asleep.

Breakfast was waffles with real maple syrup, eggs over easy, and strips of bacon. They were delicious! Then we all piled into their station wagon and went into town after the plows had cleared the roads. There weren't many people in church (allegedly because of the snowfall the night before), but the sermon was all about giving thanks and praise and condemning wickedness or something or other. I couldn't focus - my eyes kept lingering over the bare legs of the triplets in their skirts.

Afterward, in the parking lot, we said our good-byes, exchanged hugs and little pecks on the cheek (and Tina whispered in my ear that I still wasn't off the hook for that little cheat move suggested to me by Tracy), and we went our separate ways.

My mother decided to act interested. "So, did you have fun?"

"It was the best Halloween ever!" I said.

"Good! I'm glad you enjoyed yourself!"

In school, I received occasional winks, a few little glances here and there, and once a brief flash of what was up Tina's skirt...which defintely were NOT her panties...

They teased and tormented me like this for weeks. Janice just walked past me and smiled whenever she saw me. But, then, it was over. Come Spring, I found out that my mother's trip for a week was to get married to some Senior Chief in the Navy, and suddenly I'm being shuffled off to California...away from my friends...away from that conservative town that had opened me up to such wonderful things...and away from four fantastic girls...

"Oh, quit whining," my mother said. "You'll make new friends."

Nothing ever compared. Not even remotely.

I occasionally heard about the triplets over the years. Pictures in the paper of them on that Fourth of July float, waving their flags and dressed in red, white, and blue...and I think I remember finding something on Janice graduating college in the city.

My eyes had been opened to something wonderful by them. I would never forget it...not as long as I live.

Definitely...the best Halloween...EVER!