This work is copyrighted to the author (C) 2006.  Please
don't remove the author information or make any changes
to this story.  You may post freely to non-commercial
"free" sites, or in the "free" area of commercial sites.
Thank you for your consideration.
--------------------------------------------------------

Jim decided to celebrate his birthday by going to a 
club with a reputation. When he gets there, he sees a 
very familiar face, then things get really interesting. 
(MF, oral, anal, public sex, pros)

***

I hadn't been to the cabaret before. It had been raided 
several times and I wondered what all the hubub was 
about. It was just a topless bar, but the media 
portrayed it as a swinging out of control brothel.

I decided to go there when it opened at 10:30 in the 
morning. I heard the door lock open as I walked up to 
the door. I didn't know who was behind it, so I waited 
thirty seconds before going in. I walked in the lobby. 
Not seeing anyone, I walked past the empty receptionist 
counter and through the door unto the main floor. It 
was relatively well lit. A single light illuminated the 
center of the stage. The bar was empty. I took a seat 
in the center of the floor and continued to look 
around. I saw a head bobbing around in the DJ booth, so 
someone was in there. A moment later I heard the DJ 
say, "Courtney, there's a customer here." 

Seconds later, I saw a girl's face peek out from behind 
the dressing room door. Our eyes locked as instant 
recognition took place. She smiled and walked out 
towards me in her street clothes. She hadn't yet 
dressed in any of her costumes. Still, I liked her in 
anything she wore. 

"Courtney" was actually Stacy. I had known Stacy 
through her high school years as we played together in 
the same community band group. She had graduated from 
high school earlier this summer, and the band hadn't 
played together since July 4th. I usually don't have a 
thing for the local girl types as they can be a bit 
pretend, but I had always liked Stacy, and kept it to 
myself as I was twice her age. 

Stacy stands right at five feet with a petite frame, a 
face that reminded me of Shiri Appleby, and a set of 
large boobs that definitely didn't look like they 
belonged on someone her size.

"Hi" she said sitting down next to me. "You caught me 
by surprise, no one usually comes in before noon. So we 
sit in the back, play cards or watch T.V." 

We made small talk about the band, her upcoming year in 
college, and her family. Finally, I had to break the 
ice as I was trying to figure out why a girl from a 
well to do family was working in the cabaret.

"So, why are you working here?" I asked.

"Making some money for college. I work part time for my 
dad, but I wanted some big bucks so that I don't have 
to keep asking daddy for money. So, the one day a week 
his job forces him to go out of town, I come here. What 
about you?" 

"It's my birthday, and I wanted to go out and 
celebrate." 

She smiled very widely." You wait here, I'll be back in 
a few." 

The DJ started to play a Def Leppard album. Stacy was 
right, the place does stay deserted. I took in the 
place for several more minutes before she reappeared in 
the dressing room doorway. What I saw blew me away.

She was completely naked, carrying her shoes in one 
hand and her purse in the other. Her large tits were 
topped with large puffy nipples. Her tiny ribcage 
tapered down to her small hips which featured a bald 
pussy. My pulse quickened, my throat was suddenly dry, 
and my breathing was a little difficult as she smiled 
and cocked her head towards a seating area off of the 
main floor. 

My eyes followed her tiny ass as she walked towards a 
large booth in the center of the remote seating area. 
She pushed the table out from the booth and had me sit. 
She put her shoes and purse down. 

Facing me, she straddled me so that her tits were 
directly in my face. "Not what you expected huh?" she 
teased,  "I bet you thought they were implants. It's 
ok, I saw you staring at them over the past year." 

She pushed one of her nipples against my lips. I 
started to lick and suck on it. She hissed and I put my 
hands on her tiny ass, squeezing the small half moons. 
She adjusted, placing the other nipple in my mouth. She 
reached down placing my left hand on her pussy. I 
fingered her slit, then finding her wet spot I inserted 
my finger. She was soaking wet. She stiffened, letting 
out a small moan. Her pussy gripped my finger. 

I started to finger bang her. She reached down, pulling 
my hand away from her pussy. Then, placing her hands on 
my shoulders, she slid down, ending up with her face in 
my crotch. She smiled as she unzipped my zipper. She 
reached in, fishing out my dick, then kissing it before 
taking it's length in her mouth. 

She gave me several strokes before she stood, turned, 
and backed into my crotch. She reached down, taking my 
dick in her tiny hand and guiding me into her. I 
watched my dick disappear into her. Her pussy was hot, 
wet, and inviting. 
She leaned back into me. 

"You like your birthday present?" She asked. 

"Oh yeah, can I have more?" I answered.

"Until the first customer comes in" she said

I put my hands on her tits and started pumping her. A 
few minutes later, we adjusted positions so that she 
was facing me. I wasn't crazy about this position as I 
felt I wasn't in control. "Wait" I said stopping her 
before turning her so that she was laying in the booth. 

"Hurry, I don't want to get caught, we can get in so 
much trouble" she warned. 

I hurried, quickening my strokes. We were both building 
towards an orgasm, but I came first. My cum filled her 
pussy, and I felt wetness as it mixed with her fluids 
and leaked out onto my balls. 

We laid together several minutes while we kissed. Then 
we heard the DJ welcome several new customers. 
"Shit," she said crouching and pulling a bikini out of 
her purse. While she dressed, I took out my wallet. I 
started to pull out a wad. 

"Just a hundred, for my time." she said.

She put the money in her purse. She paused. "I feel bad 
having you pay me for your present. I get off at four. 
Why don't I meet you at your place and we can do around 
the world?"

"Around the world?" I asked. 

"Cum in my mouth, pussy and ass. Would you like to try 
that?"

"Oh yeah, do you have my address?" I asked. 

"Duh, it's in the directory." 

"Right" I said, remembering the band list. 

"See you at four," she said with a kiss. 

**

She got to my place at four. She looked a little 
nervous. I gave her a beer. After a few swigs, she 
looked more relaxed. "I can't believe I'm here" she 
said.

"Why?" I asked.

"The band director said you were a pervert. He warned 
me off you. So did Marilyn" (she also played in the 
band).

"It's nice to know I'm so loved."

She crawled into my lap. "I'm so sorry. I told my 
family I'll be spending the night with a friend. Do you 
want to get started?"

I nodded. She stood and took off her shirt. Her shorts 
hit the floor seconds later. I picked her up in my arms 
and carried her to my room. I laid her on her back. 
Taking off my shirt as I crawled between her legs, I 
placed my face into her hot wet pussy. 

Her pussy tasted so good. She grabbed the top of my 
head, running her hand through my hair as she let out a 
moan. I stuck a finger into her hot wet cavity. She 
stiffened letting out a louder moan. I focused my 
tongue on her clit as I pumped her with my finger. She 
raised her hips. "OH GOD" she screamed as the first 
orgasm hit. 

"Wait, wait!" she begged as she pushed me away. When 
her orgasm began to subside, I dove back in. Minutes 
later, the second orgasm hit. It hadn't fully subsided 
when I crawled up and entered her. "OH SHIT" she 
screamed as my dick brought more waves of pleasure to 
her. I increased the tempo of my pumping. Our orgasms 
hit seconds apart as I filled her pussy for the second 
time that day. 

"Oh God, you are so good," she said as she scrubbed my 
hair with her fingers. "I wish I knew you were this 
good a year ago."

We shared a long kiss. "Ready to fuck me in the ass?" 
she asked. I nodded. "Let me know when you're ready to 
cum," she whispered, "I want you to cum in my mouth. I 
want to taste your dick after it's been in my ass." 

She went to all fours. I took some lubricant from the 
bed-stand. I greased her ass, then my dick. She moaned 
as my dick began to enter her. I saw her fists ball up. 
I slowly continued until my entire dick was in her.

I grabbed her hips and began slowly pumping her. She 
was breathing heavily. We silently went at it, our 
breathing being the only thing to break the silence of 
the room. I felt my second orgasm building. I increased 
the speed of my strokes. She sensed my second coming. 
She turned, "Ready?" she asked. I suddenly pulled out. 
She quickly spun and took my dick in her mouth. Seconds 
later, my goo shot into her mouth. 

She milked my dick, taking all of my last drops of cum. 
I collapsed onto my side. She laid next to me. "Have 
you ever done that before?" I asked. 

"No, my first time," she answered. "I wanted to do that 
for you. You deserve better than to be labeled a 
pervert. I'm going to make it up to you, ok?"

We've met a couple of times a week since then.

END
