The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations where it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except may be posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites. 

Copyright 2000 by E. Z. Riter. 

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com      

Please!        Give me your comments!


FREED

Patty McRae sat beside me in history class.  I was in love with her.  For fifty minutes each day,
I'd watch her out of the corner of my eye.  I'd see the profile of her beautiful face, watch the
gentle rise and fall of her breasts, see the sunlight halo her golden hair.  

I wanted to touch her, to feel the smooth softness of her pale skin.  I ached to have her look at me
with those twinkling soft blue eyes.  I wanted her to walk toward me with that inviting, sexy
sway, the way she walked toward her boyfriend, Butch.

I might as well've been a prisoner in Albania.  When you're a sophomore geek, the high school
goddess dating the senior star of the football team doesn't pay any attention to you, except to
make your life more miserable.

"Henry, I dropped my pencil.  Could you pick it up for me?" she'd whisper.  She'd be partially
turned to face me.  Her face would be pleading.  Somehow another button was undone on her
blouse.  I'd feel my palsy return with its accompanying red heat as I struggled to reach her pencil
that was closer to her than to me. 

Then something happened one day, as if the gods on high, drained by their laughter at the poor
mortal suffering mightily below, deigned to take pity on him.  It didn't appear that way at first,
for it began as the cruelest blow a teen-aged virgin can endure.

"Henry Collingsworth, are you paying attention?"

"Yes, Miss Armbuster."

"I don't think you were.  Come up here and finish explaining what I was talking about."

'No, Miss Armbuster.  God, please, no.  Not now.'

"Now, Miss Armbuster?"

"Yes, Henry.  Now!  Or do you want to go to the principal?"

"No, ma'am."

'Thank you, God, for making it go away.  I couldn't stand the embarrassment.'

I walked in front of Miss Armbuster's desk and turned toward the thirty some faces in our class. 
It was a short walk because I sat in the front row.  The walk to the gas chamber is a short walk,
too, and just as deadly.  Most of my class mates stared at me with bored disinterest.  

However, Patty acted interested.  She'd slipped down in her chair with her ass hanging on the
front edge.  Her face was devilish as her legs slowly opened . . .  and opened.  

'Oh, no.  Don't get hard again.'

"Go ahead, Henry."

"Abraham Lincoln was the sixteenth president of the United States."

'Is that my voice?  How am I talking about Lincoln when Patty's legs are . . .   Patty, don't do
that!'

She'd closed her legs and raised her skirt high on her thighs.  She slowly opened her legs again.

'Oh, holy shit! I can see her panties!  No!  God, make it go away.  I'll do anything.  I'll never
look at a girl or masturbate or hit my sister.  I'll promise anything you want.  Henry, say
something.  Talk about Lincoln.'

The class burst into laughter.

"Henry Collingsworth, do you know what you just said?"

"No, Miss Armbuster.  I have no idea."

"Go to the principal.  Tell him what you said.  Go, Henry!  I've lost my patience with you!"

'I can't walk.  Not with this.  They can see it anyway, but walking'll draw attention to it.'

Stiff and humped over, I trudged from the room.  The last thing I remember before I turned
toward the door was Patty's face.  I remembered that look even as the principal chewed me out
and sent me to detention.  

I still didn't know what I'd said that got that Miss Armbuster so pissed off.  All I could
remember was Patty's bare legs and hot pink panties and a raging hard on I couldn't hide from
sixty prying eyes.   I knew they all could see it.  I knew they all were laughing at me.  


I was unbelievably sorry Miss Armbuster was angry.  She was my best teacher and worked very
hard for us.  She was also my youngest teacher and almost as attractive as Patty. 

Saturday morning, I was laying on my bed trying to decide if I should join the Foreign Legion or
jump a passing freight train when my mother yelled at me,  "Henry, the phone's for you."

When I answered, I heard, "Henry?  This is Patty McRae."  My heart stopped and my cock leapt. 
Damn, that's what caused all my embarrassment.

"Hi, Patty."

"Do you have a way to get to my house?"

"My bike," I answered.  Sweat poured off me and I started to shake.

"Listen closely, Henry," she said.  

I did exactly as she said.  I left immediately for her house, put my bike in her garage and went to
the back door.  She was waiting to lead me to the basement.

She was dressed in an old sweat suit and her hair lay softly around her face.  There was a twinkle
in her eyes, but her mouth was pursed sternly.

"Henry, if you ever tell anyone you've been here, Butch'll kill you.  You know that, don't you?" 
I nodded.  "If he doesn't, I'll cut off your nuts and make you eat them.  Do we understand each
other?"

"Yes," I gasped.

"Take your clothes off."  

"Wh . . . wh . . .  what did you say?"

"I said take your clothes off.  I want to see you."

"I can't, Patty.  Please don't make me do that."

She kissed me and her hand dropped to stroke my hardon through my jeans.  Her voice was
gentle when she said, "Don't be embarrassed, Henry.  That hardon's what I want to see.  Come
on.  I'll help you."

She knelt in front of me, unbuckled my belt and yanked down my jeans.  I ripped off my T-shirt. 
In seconds, I was naked in front of a girl for the first time in my life: not just a girl, but the
goddess of my dreams was kneeling at my feet.

"Magnificent.  Simply magnificent," she whispered.  "Henry, this is an unbelievable cock."   

"Please, Patty, don't do that.  It'll . . . "

"Shoot?  That's what it's suppose to do.  Henry, watch me."

She was looking up at me.  Her fingers wrapped around my cock and he throbbed, hurting like a
boil.  "Henry," she said in a sexy, teasing way, "have you dreamed of this moment?"

She wrapped her lips around my cock.  I felt the tingles and knew what was coming.  She knew,
too.  Her fingers flew on my shaft as she sucked the head.  It wasn't three seconds and Patty was
swallowing my load.   She had the most sensual smile when she sat back.

"I'm sorry," I sobbed. 

She stood and held me in her arms.  "It's all right.  I knew that would happen."

"I thought girls didn't like it when guys . . . "

"... came in their mouths.  Some girls don't.  Some girls do.  I love it."  She kissed me.  The kiss
tasted different this time.  My cock was rising again.  She stepped back.  "Do you want to
undress me?"

"Yes."  I wished that had been a deep manly sound rather than a squeak. 

She raised her arms.  Slowly, like a sculptor unveiling a work of art, I pulled her top over her
head.

"I thought you might like to take my bra off me.  It fastens in front.  Henry?"  She raised my eyes
to look at her face.  Her expression was caring and soft with a hint of laughter.

"We have all day, Henry.    I'm going to let you explore every part of me.  I'll teach you all about
sex.  And, Henry, we're going to fuck until that marvelous cock of yours can't get up."

Monday morning, I strode into Miss Armbuster's class wearing the new cotton slacks I insisted
on buying Sunday.  They were the tightest trousers I'd ever worn. 

"Good morning, Patty," I said as I sat down.

"Good morning, Henry.  I certainly enjoyed my weekend.  How was yours?"  

"Henry?"

"Yes, Miss Armbuster?"

"Are you ready to tell the class about Mr. Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation?"

"Yes, Miss Armbuster," I replied in a confident, masculine tone.  

I stood straight and tall before the class.  My cock twitched and started to grow.  Patty was
watching it.  So was Emily Forest in the third row.  A cute little brunette with big brown eyes,
Emily was as shy as I was, no, as I had been.  There was Sally, who was the sophomore round
heels, staring open mouthed and Jenny, another geek, sneaking glances. With every eye on me, I
stood taller and my cock got bigger.  My trousers moved and I adjusted them for more
comfortable display.  Patty winked at me. 

Miss Armbuster had taken my seat when I went to the front.  She was staring at my cock.  She
looked hungry and her tongue slowly slipped over her lips.  She tightened her crossed legs,
squeezing their center.  She saw me watching her and turned bright red.  

After school that day, I stopped in Miss Armbuster's room.  She was alone, working at her desk.
When I came in, she glanced up and hurriedly returned to her paper work.  She trembled when
she heard me throw the bolt.  I stood by her desk waiting for her to acknowledge me.  My cock
was ready.  Miss Armbuster struggled with her need to look at it.  Finally, without looking at me,
she sighed and said, "Yes, Henry?"

 "Miss Armbuster, you're my favorite teacher and I like you very much.  I want to make you
happy with me, but I really don't know what I said in class Friday that upset you." 

She pushed back from her desk.  Her eyes moved to mine, stopping on the way to stare at my
cock tenting my pants.

"You said, 'Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation freed the cocks'."

"Oh," I replied.  "I know that isn't correct, but I was thinking of something else.  Miss
Armbuster, may I have some private tutoring time with you, maybe away from school in the
evenings?"   

She looked at me as Patty had.  Now I knew what that look meant.  She flinched when I kissed
her, but yielded quickly.  Her hand stroked my cock through my trousers.

"Let's start tonight, Henry.  There's so much we have to cover."

The End?  Or The Beginning?

Please!  Give me your comments!

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

  






  



 

    




  

  

















    