Me and my Father In law-12
By Jeevan << jeevan80@yahoo.com>>


Jeevan! You made my life change from ordinary housewife to a slut! I had the sexual desires but could not express them openly to anybody. But you really opened me up and now I am very happy and enjoy my sex life very much.  Now I have a partner! Sujata. 
	After Father In law fucked her she is always after him. That makes me somewhat jealous but I want them to enjoy. FIL loves the young body of his youngest Bahu and I want him to fuck her choot. I am in love with her too! May be I am bisexual. The feel of her body against mine makes me hot. I love sucking her choot and licking her all over. I love when she licks my choot. YES I am bisexual!
	This all affected my dressing habits. I am now wearing the sari tightly around my body. I wear low-cut blouses and that too semi transparent. The blouse has deep cut at the back, showing my sexy back. I started putting on darkish lipstick and that changed my looks entirely. I now wore high heels and that made my ass move and jiggle.  Sujata taught me how to walk with grace and look sexier. She herself always dressed in sexy manner and attracted every male attention. In short I took more efforts on my looks than before. 
	FIL never left any chance to flirt with me and we fucked whenever we got chance. Then one day FIL told me that his friends were coming in for playing bridge in the evening. I was happy! This was the opportunity for me to entertain FIL's friends and make him happy. I thought he should feel proud of his Bahu and I was determined to make it success. Fil had told my Mother in law that his friends would be coming for playing bridge and MIL hated to serve them. She told that she would go for a movie tonight and that he should serve his boring friends. I knew MIL hated this bridge game. That was good enough for me!
	That day FIL told me to get ready for welcoming his friends. He told me to wear lemon yellow silk sari and matching blouse. Now that was the opportunity I would never lose! 
	" Baba! Why don't you stay near me when I dress? Then I will dress as per your wishes."
	Baba agreed!  I wanted to sneak some sex as I dressed and I was glad baba accepted my offer. I went to my room and took out the silk sari he had asked me to wear. Then I took out matching blouse and started to remove the sari I was wearing. FIL sat on the bed and watched me. I slowly removed my sari and moved around as I did it. My FIL looked at my body from every angle possible and I could see his bulge growing. I threw the sari on the bed to FIL. FIL caught it and started to sniff it. Ohhh he was smelling my body off the sari!  His nostrils flared, as he smelled it deeply. He must have got the smell of my choot somewhere and his eyes lit.
	" Seema! Are you always wet? I can smell your juice on your sari! "
	" Yes Baba! Your Bahu is always hot for you! You have made me mad with your lund. I always dream of your big hard lund, even when your son fucks me. Ohhh Baba what have you done to me? Now Sujata also remembers you often!"
	"Beti! Its just that I showed you two what you were missing all these days. Nothing else! Come on remove that blouse and get ready! They would be coming soon"
	I turned away from me and asked him to remove the hooks on my blouse that were on the backside. He came near me and stood with his lund touching my buttocks. I felt the hard thing poke into my ass cheeks and pushed myself on it. FIL understood this and started to remove the hooks, pressing his lund harder in to my flesh. FIL removed the hooks and then my blouse. My naked breasts sprang free and he held them in his palms, kneading them and playing with them. I had to have him!
	I removed the knot on my petticoat and started to remove it. FIL helped me in this. He pushed it down my solid ass slowly, caressing his favorite flesh there (Ass cheeks). I was mad with lust and wanted his lund there and then!
	" Come on Baba! Fuck me! Fuck your bahu now! I need your lund! Ohhhhh god! You have made me MAD for your LUND! Fuck me from behind as you always do!"
	Baba caught my ass cheeks and then pushed his lund in the crack of my ass. His big lund rubbed me everywhere, asshole and choot then clit. I bent back and felt FIL's lund touching the opening of my choot. FIL was kneading my buttocks and pinching them. it felt so nice! I pushed my hand backwards and caught my FIL's lund and placed it at the opening of my choot and thrust my ass over it! Ohhhhhhh it went deep in my choot in one swift motion.
	" Baba fuck me fast! There is no time for us! Just fuck me hard! I want to carry your sperm in my choot while I serve your friends. Ohhh god! Fuck me!"
	 Baba started to fuck me fast. His speed was nice and steady. He had good command over the fucking techniques and he caught my boobs with his hands and rammed his lund in and out of my wet choot. Ohhh god! He was such a good fucker! My ass moved automatically and my choot took his lund deep inside. His balls were slapping my asshole with every thrust and that made nice music for our fucking. Ohhhhh I was about to cum! I told my FIL that I was there, I was cumming!
	His thrusts became more brutal and I could no longer withstand it! My choot convulsed over his lund as I came. FIL too sprayed his sperm deep in my choot and we separated fast. This was the best quickie I ever had. My choot was leaking and spilling out my FIL's sperm and I took it on my hands and rubbed it over my breasts. My breasts looked shiny with the sperm glue coating it gave. I then wore the sari and dressed . I did not wear any bra from inside not did I wear any panties! My FIL was happy to see that I was naked from within. I applied dark tan lipstick and stood before mirror. Ohhh ! was this me? I looked sexy and seductive. FIL smiled in his usual way and patted my ass with approval. I was ready for his friends!
	Four of his friends were coming today and they were of his age, say between 55-60, quite old to react in sexual way. But that was my skill. And I had to prove it. I started preparation of snacks in the kitchen while my FIL waited for his friends to arrive. FIL used to come to kitchen and kiss me or knead my breasts. That made me very hot! I think my choot is always wet in the vicinity of my FIL. Soon his friends arrived one by one and when all had come and settled FIL called me and introduced me to them.
	





I stood in front of them feeling very excited. I looked at them. They were looking at my body with wide eyes. One friend, Mr. Bhide was directly looking at my exposed naval and then his eyes went to the cleavage of my breasts. I observed him with interest and then looked at others. They all were starting at me with male eyes! FIL introduced me.
	" Friends! This is my eldest bahu, Seema. Seema these are my bridge friends! He is Mr Mukumd Bhide please meet him."
	I went to Bhide and shook hands with him. He was about 55 but had maintained his body well. He looked attractive and I liked him. He held my hand for more time and pressed it lovingly. That gave me the signal! Then I met others too. Kulkarni, Karnik, Inamdar, Bhosale. The five of them! Mr Bhosale looked at me and pressed my hand in different way. The others were somewhat afraid but really wanted to touch my hand. I stood before them again and asked them if I can be of any help, and should I bring some snacks for them before they start the game. Yes please !
	So I went to the kitchen, swaying my ass seductively and I knew all were watching the motion of my ass cheeks. I felt proud of my looks and thanked my FIL! I prepared the dishes and took the tray out. As I was entering the room I heard them talk. Mr Bhide was telling my FIL, " Hey Sudhir! You have beautiful Bahu. She looks so charming and friendly. You are lucky to have such a bahu."
Mr Bhosale, "Sale! You have really wonderful sunbai! She is really charming."
	I heard this and felt happy. I entered the room and there was silence again. FIL said, " Seema my friends were praising you. They say that I am lucky to have Bahu like you."
	" Ohh Baba! Don't praise me too much! I am just doing my duty as his Bahu."
	Then I went and gave the dish to each. I bent before Bhide and my breasts must have spilled out of my blouse because he was looking deep in there. I did not try top take the paloo back but let it fall. I let him watch my assets and then gave the dishes to others. Bhosale too watched my curves and sighed. FIL was observing this and looked happy.
	I sat there till they finished their snacks. As I sat there I had kept the paloo away from my breasts and all could see my breasts clearly. There was silence in the room. I collected the tray and went to the kitchen. I heard my FIL and Bhide whispering and then they got up and came to the kitchen.
	 FIL said, " Seema! Mr. Bhide will help you clean the dishes and prepare the tea. He too ahs nice Bahu like you. I have met her. SO let him help you while we play bridge."
	MY heart skipped a beat! Bhide stood there looking at me and smiled. It was a knowing smile and I knew something was wrong OR right what should I say?
	Bhide Uncle came near me and asked me if he could help me in preparing the tea. I told him Yes and asked him to put sugar. He asked me where sugar was and I showed him. He had to bend over me to take the sugar bottle and in doing so his hips rubbed mine and his shoulders touched my breasts. He did not move but pressed more so that his arm was right on my breast. I tried to move away in mock but he continued pressing against my body. I was surprised! Did he know I was FIL's slut? May be! I looked at him and saw him looking into my blouse. I knew he would be able to see my nipples as I was slightly bending. This excited me! I let him look and then moved away. He looked frustrated and took the sugar and added to the tea. I moved aside and stood by the kitchen platform looking at him.
" Seema beti! I have Bahu just like you. She helps me a lot and looks after my every need. Every need! Her name is Neelam. And she is a real Gem! I have told your father in law about her and he too has met her. I need not tell you anything more but he will tell you everything. OK? So don't feel shy in front of me. I like what just happened! So nice! I liked what I saw too. You know what I mean?"
	I understood what he meant! He was openly flirting with me. I liked that. I knew FIL had told him everything and wanted me to please him. I just smiled at him and said,
	" Kaka! I too like what you did but somebody may see us. We have to take care."
"Beti! We all are very good friends and we all have enjoyed together. We have had women. We shared them among us. So there is no need to worry. Feel free and enjoy what I do."
	Saying so Bhide caught me from behind and rubbed my breasts with both his hands. His touch was experienced and just like my FIL. I loosened my body and pressed it against him. he put his hand inside my sari and started to fondle my thighs, moving his hand lovingly. I felt his hard lund pressing into my ass cheeks and I had an urge to take that lund right into my choot. I was behaving like a slut! I wanted his lund! My FIL wanted him to fuck me and how can I deny that? I was his slut and sluts are supposed to take each and every lund they can! So here I was allowing Bhide Kaka to fondle me.
	" Come on Kaka! Lift that sari and fuck me! Do it fast! Somebody may walk in!"
	Bhidekaka lifted my sari and unzipping his pants took out his lund. He placed my hand on his erect manhood and I knew I had a big 8 inch lund at my disposal. I placed it at the entrance of my choot and pushed myself back.  Uncle pushed his lund in my choot. it was thick one and I had to wiggle my ass to take him inside. About half of his lund entered my choot and I placed my hands on the kitchen platform and bent down. This made our fucking comfortable and uncle caught my ass cheeks for support and pushed his lund in. ooohhhhhhhh! It went in easily, may be because I am always wet for a lund. He started to fuck me slowly, pulling his lund out and them pushing it in to the hilt. His technique was good and I knew I would love this fucking. I was breathing faster and pushing my hips onto his lund. I was enjoying this!
	Suddenly Uncle's body went limp and I felt his lund explode inside my choot. I felt hot cum spraying on my vaginal walls. Uncle had cum! I was still to cum! But I had to accept the cum in my choot. I loosened my choot and took all the cum inside. Uncle was breathing faster and lay on my back. When all was over he straightened up and said,
	" Seema your choot is very tight. My bahu, Neelam's is a bit loose and that made me cum faster. I am sorry I could not wait for your orgasm. And I was so excited! I could not control."
	" It's ok uncle! I enjoyed it. Do you fuck your bahu? That's nice! I love FIL and he too fucks me! You know, I am his slut!"
			"Ya he told me so. And he had sent me to help you just for this!"

	" Ohh that's nice uncle! I did not know FIL was so forward. I loved it and will do anything for my Baba."
Bhide Uncle removed his lund from my choot and I felt his cum run down my thighs. I lowered my sari and straightened up to fill the tea we had prepared. Just as I was lifting the tray, my father in law walked in. he looked at me and then Bhide uncle with knowing smile. I smiled back at him and winked.
" So you finished so soon! I thought my friend will take longer. I think your tightness made him blow his gun so soon. How was she Bhide?"
" Ohhhh She is a fine piece and I really enjoyed it. As you say she was tight and that made me cum fast. You can finish what I started dear friend!"
" Hell no! Others are waiting for us. Let Seema bring the tea and show her assets to my other friends."
I took the hint and unbuttoned top two buttons of my blouse and pushed my sari down to show some of my hips to these horny old fellows. Both of them walked out and I followed them with the tray in my hand. My paloo was fallen and my breasts were clearly visible and bulged out more than half! I was walking in such a way that my hips moved and swayed seductively. The jerks I gave while walking made my breasts heave and bounce. I sneaked a look at all the friends and found them staring at me openly. FIL looked proudly at me and asked me to serve the tea.
I bent down near Mr. Bhosale and handed him the mug. While giving the mug my hands were shaking and suddenly the mug fell from my hand and the hot tea spilled on Mr. Bhosale's pant. He cried out and got up making me fall with the tray. All the mugs fell to the floor and I fell in the hot spilled tea. 
FIL got up and straightened me he asked Bhosale to remove his pant and pour water on his thighs. FIL pulled my sari and removed it and threw it aside. Bhosale had removed his pant and was pouring water over his thighs. This was an emergency and nobody was shocked with this but soon when all seemed normal all the eyes were on my breasts and half-exposed ass. Even Mr. Bhosale's lund was hard and peeking out from his underwear. I looked at it and then at my FIL. He was smiling!
Some tea had spilled on my blouse and FIL asked me to remove it and wash it so that the stains will vanish. I started to go in my room but FIL stopped me. Now what? Was I to remove my blouse in front of his friends? Ohhh god No! 
" Seema there must be burns inside so let me apply Burnol come on let's go to your room."
I felt relieved and we both went to my room. I was about to close the door but FIL asked me to keep it open, as his friends may feel awkward. I looked at him and he smiled again. The same knowing smile! I was his slut and I had to obey him! He made me stand near the door so that all his friends could see me and asked me to remove my blouse. I looked at the drawing room and saw all of them looking at us! I was excited and thrilled too! I removed the hooks on my blouse and took it off. Ohhh god here I was standing half-naked and showing my breasts to five old men! Ohhh god! I was real slut! My FIL came near me and put his hand on my breasts to examine if there was any burn.
" Ohhhhh Baba! You are showing my breasts to your friends! I don't understand this! You allowed Mr. Bhide to fuck me and now you are exposing me! Ohhh Baba! What are you planning? Do you plan to gang fuck me? I am your slut and I don't mind anything. Go on knead my breasts before your friends!"
" YES Seemu! I wish exactly what you said. Is that you want? I know you are a cock hungry slut! I am going to fuck you and show my friends how depraved you are for sex. Come on remove your petticoat and let me put my lund in your choot and fuck you in front of my friends."
I removed my petticoat and exposed my naked body to his friends who were watching us from the drawing room. My father in law came behind me and spreading my ass cheeks found out my choot. He spread my choot and then in one go pushed his lund in my choot. his hands held my buttocks and now as he fucked me he started to spank lovingly. It was more caressing and it felt nice. My head was towards the door and when I lifted my head I saw FIL's lecherous friends looking at us with their lund in hand. Ohhh god! I could see five of them rubbing their lund as they watched the show. Five Lunds of old lecherous friends of my FIL!
FIL moaned in my ear as he fucked me, " Seemu! See them getting hard and excited looking at us. Ohhhhhhh! I want you to masturbate for them after our fucking is over. They will jack off and cum in front of you. Today I am not allowing them to fuck you but just give them nice show dear laadli Bahu!"
" Ohhh Baba! How can I? But yes I will do it just for you. Let them know I am your slut and whore! Ohhh Baba! Fuck me now and cum in my choot. I want you to cum on my face and I will show them how dirty bastard you are. Fucking his own Bahu. Ohhh God! Fuck me baba!"
FIL was now fucking me and holding my dangling breasts in both his hands for support and occasionally biting my back. 
END OF PART 12
Next in part 13

