Is it her pussy or a party platter for all cocks?
By Bhuralund@gmail.com


I work at a small money-lending company which was bought over by a black man recently. He is a touch looking old man and everyone was intimidated by him. So after a few weeks at work, he threw a party at his big mansion to get to know everyone and to bond with us. So my wife and I landed up at his place punctually.  At my urging, my wife was wearing her best clothes to impress my new boss. She looked a sight in her small red colored tube dress, exposing her creamy white shoulders and shapely legs. I had bought it just a few days ago from a cheap store selling slutty clothes at throwaway prices. I saw many low-class whores and trannies buying stuff from the shop but thought it would be okay. I knew it was a wrong dress to buy the moment she put it on. But unfortunately she thought she looked very glamorous so I just nodded and said, "Honey, you look hot." I mean she did look good enough to fuck in that dress but in a slutty sort of way. She didn't help matters by wearing some shiny red stilettos and by applying bright red lipstick. I wasn't really surprised then when all my colleagues started staring at us the moment we entered Mr. Black's party. My wife had taken my request to be nice to all my colleagues a bit seriously and she was being extra sweet to all. And men were hanging around her like hungry horny wolves. I had a hard time keeping her by my side.

Then we met Mr. Black. He looked at my wife and said loudly, "Welcome sweetheart, you look like a million dollars!" My wife looked smug and smiled. As she extended a small hand - nails painted bright red too - Mr. Black opened his arms and gave her a hug. A big, warm, welcoming hug.  I was surprised at how warm he seemed compared to his cold mood at work but felt relieved that off all people, he liked my wife the best. Then I realized there was no other wife in sight. When I asked Jerry, one of my best buddies at work, he grinned, his yellowing teeth shining against his jet-black skin, "Asshole, the party was only for the guys at work not for families." I felt stupid but it was too late now. 

Just then the music stopped and Mr. Black clapped to get attention. At the second clap each one of the 20-odd guys present snapped to attention. "Lookie here boys," he said, his big nostrils flaring and his thick nigger lips swaying a little with each word, "I wanted to make all of boys happy and to tell you that I am not so bad. It took me some time to work out the company transfer and all but now that all paper work is done, I just wanna tell you that you can relax and stopping worrying about me being nasty to any one you. This party was planned to let all of you enjoy life like a man is supposed to." Then he stopped and sipped some wine from his glass and looking at my wife continued, "Sweetheart, I am really delighted that BL brought you here but no offence, if I knew you were coming I wouldn't have planned it the way it is gonna be. And unless you don't mind watching some big-titted whores dancing around tonight, I would suggest you leave. But nothing that you haven't done or seen will happen here, so I personally would like for you to stay and enjoy yourself. So let me know in the next five minutes otherwise we will begin the party."

With that he slowly walked towards us and on the way "plucked" a glass of some green cocktail. "Here you go honey," he offered it to my wife, who was tottering on her heels with a few glasses of wine in her weak system. She took the drink and finished it in two big gulps. At this point I must share a secret with you, that my wife is pretty gullible (a nicer word to say stupid) and I am not really proud of that. I felt really stupid when right then my wife put her limp hand on Mr. Black's broad shoulder and said groggily, "Thanks for having us here, sir." I realized she hadn't heard a word of what he had just said and sighed, "Sorry Mr. Black, perhaps we should take your leave." But before he could say anything, my stupid wife stuttered drunkenly, "It's okay BL. I am okay. I promise to not drink anymore." And Mr. Black reprimanded me good-naturedly, "Let the lady stay if she likes." With then he clapped loudly once more and the lights dimmed.

Slow erotic Arabian music started playing and under the spotlight, a scantily clad belly dancer made her way to the centre of the room. She danced erotically and pranced around as drunk and horny guys leered at her. Groping and copping a feel here and there. She was scantily clad but slowly with the tune of the music she got rid of everything. Soon she was dancing vulgarly, thrusting her shaved pussy in our faces and showing us the puckered brown winking asshole. My wife was also swaying to the music and sipping another drink. The belly dancer somehow reached in front of me and started rubbing her naked hairless crotch against mine. I grew rock hard in no time. She pushed my head down and forced my mouth on her meaty pussy lips. I was so taken over by lust that I forgot everything and started slurping on the dancer's sweet moist pussy. She ground her pelvis in my face and I loved every moment of that grind as all my envious colleagues cheered us on. In the distant I heard Mr. Black announcing something but it seemed to be very far away. I came back to reality when abruptly the dancer pulled herself away from me and returned to her "dressing room".

Then I heard Mr. Black's voice, "Okay guys, we have a volunteer here to entertain us while the paid whore changes for her next performance." I was shocked to see my wife standing arm in arm with Mr. Black. She was giggling like a school girl and as the music started, she grabbed Mr. Black's green cocktail and gulped its content down. Then she started swaying at the slow music, slowly gyrating and thrusting her crotch just the way the belly dancer had been doing. But because she was not very experienced, her movements seemed very obscene and vulgar and the way she was dressed. Ah. All I saw was a cheap hooker prancing in front of future customers. As the music progressed and became faster, my other colleagues started cheering her to take her dress off. I think my wife was too drunk to remember me and giggled and danced like a two-dollar slut. Then Mr. Black joined her and started dancing with her. It looked to awesome the two of them, her creamy white bared shoulders and his big black hands clasping her tight to his big black frame. She looked to tiny in comparison to his 6.7inches frame. At one point he picked her up like a rag doll and pulled her legs to each side of his body so that her legs were wrapped around his waist. This must have stretched the cheap dress to its limit and it ripped at the seam. The stupid bitch was wearing a thong panty and with the dress torn till her midriff, everyone could see her milk white buns now cupped by my black boss's big black hands. 

They were joined together like this when someone, I think it was my best buddy Jerry, came closer to them and cut the string of my wife's thong with a butter knife. Well, I don't think it would have made much of a difference as most of her back side was already visible to all but I was wrong. Once the thing was cut, her hairy pussy mound was also visible as Mr. Black had pulled her up a little. She was quite drunk but was still purring like a cat in heat. Suddenly one of Mr. Black's hand disappeared from her white globes when it returned to clasp her ass, a collective sigh of awe and lust escaped all of my other colleagues. Mr. Black's coal black cock was free from his black trousers and was standing erect. It looked as intimidating as its owner. It was deep purple in color and its foreskin was still covering its dark glans. But the spotlight was reflecting off its shiny black coat. Someone moved the spotlight so that it was focused on Mr. Black's bull cock and my wife's hairy pussy, now shining with desire. Mr. Black, ever so slowly, started rubbing all along my drunken but aware wife's pussy slit. She purred as he clasped her soft red lips between his coarse thick nigger black lips and chewed on her mouth and snaked his big purple tongue inside my wife's mouth. Most of my colleagues are black and Latin and now they were all crowding in to see the union of my ugly black boss and my sweet pure white wife. I think it was Jerry again, who gently held Mr. Black's cock and aimed it at my wife moist pussy. My Black moved his big waist and the tip of the cock entered my wife's pussy. The music had stopped by now and when my wife groaned in pain, everyone heard it. Mr. Black gave one more push and nearly half of his 10-inch long and 8-inch thick cock went inside her pussy. It was surreal to see my wife of ten years impaled on my big black and ugly boss' fat black cock in front of all of my colleagues and a stream of precum lubricated the head of my own cock. I was getting thrilled watching my wife being fucked.

Mr. Black slowly pulled her off his big black cock and the meaty heavy cock fell down. Jerry quickly picked it up again and placed it at the mouth of my wife's pussy. Mr. Black then lowered my doll like wife down on his cock and started pounding her in this position right in front of everyone. Jerry, who is as black as Mr. Black and who at 6.3ft was the second tallest than Mr. Black now pulled out his own cock - a slithering black slimy snake - about nine inches long and five inches thick. It was definitely thinner than Mr. Black's cock but just the right size for the destination he had in mind - my wife's virgin asshole which had been winking at all each time Mr. Black slammed his cockmeat in my wife's fertile and bushy pussy. Jerry lubed his thin but long cock with some precum leaking out of my wife's cunt and slowly inserted the flared cock-head in her brown hole. Although she had been moaning with pleasure, she gave out a huge cream as his five inch cock jammed in her asshole. Slowly Jerry and Mr. Black established a nice rhythm between them and gave my wife a pounding of her life. This lasted ten minutes and then Mr. Black came deep inside her, spurting his black seed deed down in her fertile pussy. After he finished breeding her, a stout Latino guy called Bosco took over.  He, and most of the others, already had their cocks out of their pants and were slowly wanking watching the erotic coupling in front of them. Now Bosco accidentally plunged his cock in her asshole just as Jerry had pulled it out and Bosco's uncut cock was clearly as big and thick as Mr. Black's and my wife screamed again but now the guys were relentless and too horny to listen to her. They fucked her raw and bareback for a few minutes and dumped their scalding hot sperm straight inside her pussy. Once Jerry and Bosco were done, someone laid my wife on the carpet and soon she was servicing two cocks at a time - one in her greedy mouth and one in her flooded pussy. Within one hour everyone in the party had fucked her pussy or / and mouth and dumped at least one or two loads in her.

Finally, one by one people drifted out. At last it was only Mr. Black, my blacked out wife and I left behind when Mr. Black asked me very gently, "Son, would you like to put this night to a better use?" When I asked how, he stood up his limp but still impressive cock dangling inches away from my face and said, "Suck my cock and swallow my black sperm and I will give you a promotion for letting me fuck your wife. I looked at my wife and saw she was sleeping peacefully. Then as I turned Mr. Black's fat and heavy cock hit me on my face, leaving a stand of precum on my dry lips. I licked my lips and opened my mouth to say no but Mr. Black thought I was gonna give him a blow job and inserted his hardening cock in my mouth. And with my mouth already stuffed with a cock I just thought it better to suck it and get a promotion.  

PS: I did get that promotion but my wife was too addicted to Mr. Black's big fat black cock so we just moved to his house where we had frequent parties for our colleagues and even for other black ghetto people. Mr. Black made me a partner in the company and my wife gave birth to three black children before tying her tubes. Now we live together like a big happy family. My wife can never be satisfied with one cock and I am the one responsible for getting her a train of ready (and big and black and fat and uncut) cocks. If you like to be one, let me know...my only condition is that I must sample the cock in my own mouth first before I let you fuck my sweet wife's pussy!

The end.

