Beyond the Blue, part 6		by lennoxbear@gmail.com

The following is an erotic story involving gay relationships and male to male sex.  If such offends you, leave.


Al let Jim drive the aging Lumina so he could slouch and relax.  He hoped his back and butt would hold up to the first full day back at work.  Jim chattered on about his weekend being sick and how Linda basically ignored him.  He admitted he enjoyed the time in solitude and got to do some things he hadn't for a while.

"And the sex was better."  Jim laughed as he bounced over a railroad track.  Al grimaced.

"I though you said Linda had, oh, I get it."

The Monday morning turned into a long, fairly uneventful workweek for them.  It was made up of mostly routine things that made being a police officer unglamorous.  Jim seemed much more interested in Al's life outside of work, which Al had always kept pretty much to himself.  Al really didn't have much to talk about and lied that he had been a bit under the weather himself.  He used that excuse to brush off a boring weekend.  Jim just seemed to be prying more insistently than usual.  Whenever they stopped for coffee or lunch, Jim was right there next to him, thigh against thigh.  Al enjoyed Jim's company but was beginning to feel a bit uncomfortable with the questions.  The physical proximity seemed to be bothering him in new ways too.

Al begged off from the gym to give his back more time to heal, again using being a bit sick as an excuse.  Jim told him he had better shake it off and be ready for their night out on Friday to celebrate their five-year partnership.  By Wednesday, Al was feeling up to try giving lifting a go.  He and Jim had a decent arm workout and even managed some good shoulder sets.  Bo had joined them for a while but was concentrating on chest.  Jim was sitting at a bench dripping sweat when Bo finished his routine.

"Ready for the shower?"  Jim headed back to the locker room, and then turned to look at Al.  Al glanced at Bo.

"Nah, I think I'll head home and relax, take a shower later."

"Ewww. Glad I'm not having dinner with you.  Come on, ten minutes you'll be clean and happy. Spring fresh."  Al groaned.

"Awwwwww, mommy. I donwanna."  Al mugged and Bo snorted water from the fountain across the room.  Jim just shook his head and laughed.

"Ok, but don't blame me if you don't get lucky tonight." 

"I'll take my chances."

Al gathered his stuff in the locker room as Jim and Bo stripped to shower.  He pulled a sweatshirt over his wet T-shirt and headed for the door.

Jim was still wound up and made an attempt to grab him and drag him toward the shower.  Al carefully ducked out of his reach but not before Jim hit a sore spot on his back.  Al flinched for a split second.  He jumped and turned around to face Jim in a self-defense move.

"Wow. Really serious about not showering aren't you?" Al bust out laughing and sprinted toward the door.

Jim walked toward the showers with Bo.  "You think Al's OK, he was a bit off in his workout tonight."

"Yeah, he's OK, just not feeling 100%.  We all have days like that, just a case of the punies.  He'll be ready to party by Friday, you'll see."  Bo turned on the hot water and stood under the pressurized spray.  Jim was at the shower next to him with his back slightly turned.  Bo studied the broad back and shoulders, the athletic waist and muscular butt.  He thought of his night with Bill and flashed back with intense pleasure.  Jim turned to wet his back before Bo could turn to hide his growing dick.  Bo caught Jim's eyes looking. Jim rinsed off.

"I think I'm going to hit the steam tonight.  Work out some of the kinks."  He turned off the jets, stuck his shower stuff on a shelf and pulled open the steam room door.  The thick cloud of humid air hit him in the face as he disappeared into the dimly lit room.  Bo let out a deep sigh, turned off the shower and walked over to join Jim.  The wall of hot steam swirled around his muscular frame.  It was intensely hot and cut his breath in half. 

"Almost expect Rod Serling to walk out and welcome you to the Twilight Zone."  Jim's voice came from the top bench.

"Yeah, wow, I don't come in here very often but I swear each time I do it gets hotter.  Yowch."  Bo sprung up quickly as his bare ass hit the hot tiles.  His big dick flopped around as he jerked his body.

"Sitting on these hot tiles brings a whole new meaning to hot cross buns."  Jim was known for his bad puns.  Bo moaned loudly in response.  So did someone else.  "Methinks we're not alone."  Jim squinted across the room and made out a shadowy athletic figure against the far wall.

"Sorry, didn't mean to startle you."  The man got up and walked across the room.  "How ya doing?  Bo wasn't it?"

"Yeah.  Jack?"  Bo waved at the steam trying to see through the thick mist.  Jack stuck out his hand and shook Bo's.  "This is Jim."

"Buddy of yours?"  Jack stood in front of the two men rubbing one hand over his firm pecs.  His dick hung long and full, not erect, but not disinterested.

"Yeah, co-worker.  We share the same passion for lifting."

"Except, he does it much better than I do, that's why he has twice the muscle."  Jim slapped Bo on his big delt and laughed.

"Hey, you look like you could hold your own to me."  Jack let his hand drop and tug slightly on his dick.

"Aw, shucks, I try."  Jim watched Jack with interest in the hot wet cloud.  He felt the water droplets rolling off his skin.  His balls felt full and heavy.  He looked down and saw his dick was half erect and pointing off to the left.  He sat up straight to keep it from becoming any more obvious.  He glanced at Bo who was watching Jack.  Jack hadn't missed the lengthening cock.

"So, did you guys have a good workout?  Ready for a little relaxation now?"

"Well, we both have to get home to our wives, so I bet we don't get too much relaxation."  Bo tried to steer the conversation from the sexual intent where Jack was heading.

"Speak for yourself.  I have this little baby."  Jim held up his right hand.  Jack was about to respond when Bo stood up and stretched.

"Man, I better shower and hit the road.  Come on James, don't get Linda pissed off by being too late."

"Ha, too late."  Jim got up and felt his dick slap against his thigh.  Jack's eyes went right to the thick tube.  A big smile spread across his face.  "Nice meeting you, Jack."  He shook his hand and scooted out the door behind Bo.  Bo stood under the shower spray in an effort to regain sexual control.  His dick was bloated and pushing way out from his body.  Jim turned the spray on next to him and began soaping his body.  Bo was lost in his shower.  Jim watched carefully out of the side of his eye.  The beautifully built black man was a joy to watch as water bounced off the tight smooth skin.  His thick dick flopped around with every move.  Bo was trying desperately to ignore it, hoping it would behave.  It never got fully erect but was a formidable weapon even soft.  

They finished their showers and headed back to the lockers to dress.  Neither said much other than perfunctory comments on baseball and the current news.  Each carefully avoided eye contact and looking at the other's body.  They walked to their vehicles and said good night.  Jim sat and watched Bo head down the street.  He thought about another fun evening with his wife and slowly started the engine.  He walked in the door a few minutes later.  She greeted him with a whirlwind of dinner preparation and lack of emotion.  He kissed her cheek and took the stairs two at a time.  Dinner wouldn't be ready for 30 minutes.  He sat in front of the computer and opened his mailbox.  His heart raced at the five new messages.

He had received a response from a man in New York.  The guy's note was really hot.  He clicked on the attachment and watched as a picture slowly downloaded.  Oh fuck.  A lean, athletically built man with beautifully cut muscle lay back on a bed waving a big hardon and showing his butthole.  Jim adjusted his own dick in response.  Two other notes were also in response to ones he sent and were really well written and inviting.  He stared at the one from the man in Chicago.  His hand hovered above the mouse.  Click.

The neatly typed message opened. "Hey buddy, thanks for your kind note.  Glad you liked my picture, it isn't the most up to date but is fairly close.  I go out but not as a steady diet.  Tend to hang out at the Levi - leather type places and am a disciple of the dark side. :)  sorry, you don't go out much.  From your description, you sound like my type.  Likes em big and beefy but not dumb.  I really appreciate big muscle men, the better to ride my ass.  Not going to be making the circuit for a while though.  I got into a bit of a heavy scene and got a bit more worked over than I wanted last weekend.  My own fault.  I was horny and went home with a guy who didn't respect my limits.  Really hot man, but not a fair player.  I'll spare you the details, other than to say, I will be more careful.  Not to worry though, a friend spent the weekend helping me recover.  Feeling almost like new.

Yeah I know what you mean.  I work with some really macho guys.  Makes it tough to concentrate at times.  My closest friend at work is a super nice guy, big, beefy, smart, hot, but straight and married.  I admit I have fantasized about him on more than one occasion but would never act on it.  I value his friendship too much to screw it up by making a pass.  But boy, sometimes thinking about him fucking my ass gets me going. 

Gotta run, meeting a friend for dinner.  Attached is a more recent pic, taken last Fall at Folsum.  Hope you like. Later."

Jim clicked on the attachment and directed it to download in a protected file.  He watched as the picture of a big furry, muscle man appeared in harness and leather shorts.  The man was standing with a couple equally hot, super muscular men in leather.  It was obvious from the pics that the shorts did little to restrain the big dick. A huge bulge pushed out the front of the shorts.   Linda yelled at Jim from the kitchen.  He clicked closed the files and mail and bounced down the steps to dinner.  Linda was more talkative and friendlier than usual.  They finished dinner and were about to settle into watching some TV when she got a bit frisky.  Jim felt his dick stir and before he could think about it, they were in bed.  He slammed his dick home and soon felt his load  shooting deep inside his wife.  She sighed, laid back and smiled.

"I think we may have finally succeeded."  He moaned and dozed off.  About two in the morning he got up to piss.  He thought about her comment and sat in the bathroom and cried.  A child.  Did he really want a child at this time?
*****

Al and Art sat in the bustling restaurant and talked over dinner about their days at work and the week ahead.  They stopped for coffee and dessert on the way to Al's apartment.

"You have any plans for Memorial Day weekend?"  Al  mumbled over a mouthful of chocolate cake.

"No, why?  What did you have in mind?"

"Well, I have a room reserved for IML and thought maybe you would be interested in going with me.  I reserved it last year at check-out.  Thought the guy I was seeing a few months ago would be the one, but, oh well, that didn't work out."

"Gee, I don't know. I don't think I am as into the whole leather thing as much as you are.  I might not fit in good."

"Nonsense, we can outfit you and you don't have to be head to toe leather to have a good time."

"Hmm, I usually go to Florida over that weekend and sort of promised friends I would do that.  Let me think about it.  I need to find out my obligation to them.  You could do Florida with me?"

Al stopped in mid-bite.  "Maybe. Let me know what you find out from your friends first."  They finished their coffee and walked down the quiet street.  "You comin' up for a little while?"

Art looked down at his feet.  "Nah, I better not.  I have to be up and in the office early tomorrow.  Guess I better behave myself."  They got to Al's building and stood by Art's rental car.

"OK.  I understand the getting up early thing.  He kissed Art and waved as the man drove off.  Ten PM, still not tired.  The chocolate won't help with sleep.  Al stripped and sat down at his computer.  He went into the copsm4m room and instantly began to get paged.  He quickly checked his mail and found one from a new guy who had been emailing him.  He clicked on open.

"Hey guy, thanks for the picture.  Who are the two huge, beefy men with you?  They are awesome, hope they weren't both ganging up on you.  I'm not so sure you can write off the work friend so quickly.  Afterall, he's spending lots of time with you pumping and sweating, not to mention in close quarters at work.  Still, seemingly straight waters run deep, one never knows.

Again, great picture, you looked absolutely hot, would love to see you naked, especially in my bed.

Have to run, dinner time, later
HJ"

Al typed a quick response and sent it off.  He was horny as hell and the chatroom wasn't helping, only annoying.  He signed off of the computer and sprawled across the bed.  He tried to visualize the guy who had sent him the email from his description.  Visuals of men he had known over the years raced through his mind.  He settled on one and began stroking his dick.  It rose to its fat nine inches.  He pulled a couple of titclamps from his drawer and attached them to his sensitive nips.  His big balls fell victim to intense squeezing as he beat his dick into submission.  Cum shot straight up and landed in the fur on his abs.  He rubbed some into his fur and skin.  The rest he licked from his fingers.  Suddenly he was very tired.

The next couple of days shot by quickly.  Al and Jim were joined in the gym by Bo and a new guy from work, Steve.  The four had all out, intense, downright, painful sweaty workouts both Thursday and Friday.  Al was hoping to sneak out after the gym and be able to shower then meet Jim and friends at a favourite bar for dinner and drinks to celebrate their five year anniversary.  He looked in the mirror that morning and wasn't sure he could shower yet in public.  He confided in Bo who helped him pace things to be in the showers alone.  Al came running out of the gym and square into Jim.

"Bout time furball, been waiting for you.  The guys are meeting us.  Steve is joining if you don't mind."

"No, not at all, he's a good gym partner.  As long as he doesn't  mind not knowing everyone, then it'll be fun."

"I need a ride.  The truck's in the shop and Linda has the car, do you mind?"

"Who's going to be the designated driver?"

"Well, if you get drunk I'll drive. And if I get drunk, you drive."  Al looked at him, shook his head and laughed.

"OK, works for me."  They headed for Al's truck and the Tavern Post Pub.  By the time they got there, the guys were already on the second round.  Their drinks were waiting for them.  The evening was spent with good food, lots of silly work stories and plenty of drinking.  Most of the stories were about Jim and his growth as a cop and the endless bad puns and stupid antics.  As for the drinking, most of the guys managed to quit before hitting the dangerous limit.  Al and Jim were getting sloshed.  Bo left to give Steve a ride home.  Al and Jim were left alone to drink and celebrate in a corner booth.  Al threw his arms up over the back of the booth.  They flexed and showed off not only the heavy round biceps, but also the deeply cut, furry forearms.  His pecs hung like two huge slabs of beef in the snug pullover.  The undone buttons framed a thickly furred chest.  Jim took a deep breath.

"You know what? I'm hungry again."  Al streched out in the booth and giggled.  "Must be the booze.  I don't usually drink this much, makes me too hungry and really fucks up my workout and diet."

"Yeah, know what ya mean.  The more I drink the better looking my wife gets."  Jim laughed and pounded the table. "Then we end up having sex, yeesh.  Now she thinks she's pregnant.

Al sat up and hit his fist against Jim's.  "That's good isn't it?"

"Well, we had sex a couple days ago.  I don't think you can tell after 48 hours."

"Then you have to keep boinking her."

"Boinking?  A big, beefy, muscular, martial arts, black belt cop - calls it boinking?"  Jim almost fell out of the booth laughing."

"I was trying to be polite. You want kids don't you?"

"Yeah, I think it would be cool to have a little Jim out there running around."

"Maybe, we need to rethink this."  Al's eyes opened wide in mock terror.

"Fuck, you.  But, lately, I'm not so sure I want kids.  I mean, Linda isn't the warmest woman in the world.  I'm not sure how she would be as a mother.  And I don't know how good I would be as a father."

"She might surprise you."  Jim releuctantly shook his head.  "So, in the mean time I hafta keep old Morris here ready."

"You call your dick Morris?"  Al laughed so hard no noise came out.  He curled up on the booth seat and shook.  When he sat up, tears were rolling down his face.

"Morris doesn't think that's very funny."  Jim faked being hurt.

"Well, tell Morris to get over it and straighten up."  Al was lost again in his own joke.  "Come on, there's a pizza place a few blocks over where we can get a pitcher and some slices."  He stood up and wiped his face on a napkin.  Jim pried his long body from the booth and stretched.

"Uh, Morris looks sort of happy to me."  Al looked down at Jim's basket.  His dick was hard and outlined in the worn denim of his jeans.

"Now look what you done.  You've got him all excited and Linda isn't even around."  Jim headed toward the door trying to nanonchalntly adjust his dick  to be less noticable.

Outside, Al leaned against his truck and fought back the last of his laughter.  "You sober enough to drive?"

"No.  You?"

"No."

"You got the keys?"  Al shook his head and fished the keys from his pocket.  He dangled them in front of their faces.  "OK. You drive."  They climbed into the truck and slowly pulled out of the lot.  Al carefully manuvered the truck to the space in front of his garage.  Jim sat there holding the dashboard.

"Wow.  I've never ridden in a truck that would spin as it moved forward."  They got out and stood in the cool, rainy air.  "I thought we were going for pizza?"

"Yeah.  It's two blocks walking.  I figured we would be safer to walk."

"You got the keys?"

"You don't need keys to walk."

"You sure?"  They wobbled off around the corner leaning against each other.  By the time they got to the pizza joint they were wet and laughing again.  Al placed the order for a large pizza and carried a large pitcher and two glasses to the booth.

"Straws may have been easier."  Jim poured their beers as Al went to the men's room to piss.  As he walked back to the booth. Jim watched the big meaty quads flex in the jeans, the wet shirt was clinging to the big pecs and a big basket was hanging low on the right side.

"That was the first of what I think will be many frequent trips to pee-land."

"Well, many happy returns."  Jim held his glass up in a toast and the two clinked glasses.  Then giggled.

They ate their pizza and carried on like two lost friends.  Before they finished their pizza, they ordered another with another pitcher. Then a third pitcher.

"You know Jim, they never thought I woud be able to partner with anyone.  That nobody would have the patience to put up with my arrogance and moodiness.  Somehow, you did.  You not only hung in there but matched me for silliness and oddball behaviour.  You helped me get over being a rogue cop.  That means a lot to me, more than you know.  Thanks buddy."

Jim snorted.  "I think you're too hard on yourself.  You aren't half as bad as you think they thought you were.  You just needed a sidekick who complimented your personality.  I was Tonto to your Lone Ranger.  Robin to your Batman.  Trigger to your Roy Rogers."

"Trigger was his horse."

Jim thought a moment.  "Yeah, and he was really hung."

"Oh, I am so not going there."  Al began laughing so hard again he almost slipped off the booth seat.  They spent another hour eating pizza and drinking beer.  Jim stumbled to the men's room and returned looking white as a ghost.

"I am so fucking drunk.  I almost didn't get my dick out before I started to pee.  I almost pissed my pants."  He was laughing silently and his shoulders were bouncing.  He laid his head down on his forearms and took a deep breath.

"Well, maybe we should call it a night.  I'll get you home.  Jim.  Jim?"  Al heard snoring come from his partner's muffled face.

The sun was streaming through the open drapes when Jim woke up the next morning.  He laid in bed and chewed on his tongue.  It felt like an old sock and tasted like one.  He painfully had to pee.  His head thumped and his stomach felt like someone kicked him.  The room finally stopped spinning and he moved his arm.  His hand fell to his waist.  He was naked.  Naked and sporting a rock hard piss hardon.  Damn.  He could fly a flag from the sucker this morning.  He had no memory of getting home last night.  Al, what a friend.  Somehow Al managed to get him home.  But how he got to bed he didn't remember.  He did remember how drunk he was and that Linda hated that.  His arm moved to find her.  His hand touched warm flesh.  Warm, furry, hard flesh.

"Do you mind?  That's my thigh you're playing with.  He turned over on his side and faced Al.  He was naked in bed with his partner.  He felt sick.  "Oh, for heaven sake, that better be your bony finger poking me.  Al sat up in bed.  He was wearing a T-shirt and briefs.  Al got up and stumbled to the bathroom.  Jim sat on the edge of the bed.  He couldn't remember getting there.  His clothes were draped over a chair in the corner.  Al walked back toward the bed.  His dick was full and fat and pulling down the front of his briefs. 

He smiled at Jim.  "Good morning, sunshine."

To be continued, comments - suggestions?		
Lennoxbear@gmail.com  
Beyond the Blue (c) 2000








