The Addison's are the last stop on my route and for the last few years, Mrs. Addison always invites me in and we have lunch together. Just from her mail, I knew more about them than most of their neighbors, that's just what mailmen do. Still after so much time together, you tend to talk about more personal things as you get more comfortable with each other. I'll never forget the first time sex entered into our conversation, when Mattie complained about her husband's lack of interest in her. She said he had never been a passionate man and now she felt he thought that sex was a duty instead of a pleasure.

Unexpectedly one day she asked me what turned me on and I stuttered and stalled trying to think of something more politically correct than what really turned me on the most. She saw right through this and assured me I wouldn't embarrass her no matter what I said. I told her that since I'd been married I had tried to talk my wife into anal sex. My wife always told me, that it was sodomy and against gods laws. What originally had been a desire was now a craving and almost the only thing I thought about sexually. I looked up to Mattie, red faced and expecting a look of disgust on her face but instead she looked more curious than mad.

"Bob have you ever had anal sex?"

When I shook my head no, she put her hand on my knee and looked into my eyes.

"My first husband and I had anal a lot; he loved it, but William thinks it's dirty so we don't do it."

I took her hand in mine and asked if that was an offer. As an answer, she kept my hand and walked me into their spare bedroom, grabbing the olive oil as we left her kitchen.

"Mattie, I have to tell you one other thing that turns me on and that's a red head such as yourself."

"Come on, Bob I figured that out a long time ago, and wait until you see that the carpet matches the drapes."

It wasn't until after she undressed that I saw she was talking about her red pubic hair.

She could see that I was nervous and she told me to relax and that we would go slowly. Both of us being in a monogamist relationship and thus safe we didn't need to worry, so no condoms which made me happy as well as her. It was so erotic to feel her hands on me as she coated me with oil, she then lay on her back and offered her bum for me to lubricate. As I ran my hand along her crack, I realized I was now going to achieve a desire that had been building in me for a long time. Once lubed, my finger slipped past her sphincter and into her anus with ease. She seemed completely comfortable so I put a second finger inside her. She began to moan and I stopped, thinking I was hurting her but she urged me on saying she was ready to orgasm.

Now ready for me she lifted her legs up over her head and thus spread her crack exposing her back door for me to take. I put the tip of my cock to her little rose bud being extra cautious, as I didn't want to cause any pain. She begged me to take her now, as she could wait no longer. In a rash moment I plunged deep inside her, I heard her scream but not in pain just passion. I was now beside myself with lust and I assaulted her rectum with abandon. I put my forearms on her thighs for leverage as I pounded repeatedly, hearing my balls slap against her ass. Mattie was as delirious as I was as she kept screaming that she was cumming over and over. When I told her I was near she begged me to cum in her ass and I obliged cumming while I was balls deep inside her.

It was only after I came that I noticed the mess we had made. Olive oil, cum and the residue from her bowels were now leaking around my flaccid cock and onto the bedspread. I looked for a towel or a tissue but in our haste, we had neglected to have anything like that around. Mattie began to laugh and saying the bedspread was already ruined we might as well use that for clean up. She wrapped herself in the spread then brought me a towel before excusing herself to go to the bathroom to freshen up. Once done she offered me the use of her shower, which I accepted. Within an hour, we were both clean and dressed and back in her kitchen.

We sat there drinking coffee not knowing what to say and I began to worry that we had put a strain on our friendship. We both had much to say but neither could think of a way of beginning it. Finally Mattie started,

"I know you must think horrid things about me and I apologize for taking advantage of you for my own wants. I am..."

"No Mattie, don't think that way, I feel you made a great sacrifice for me and I only hope we can at least remain friends."

This seemed to put her at ease and after another cup of coffee, I told her it was time to leave. Still a little unsure of where we now were I asked if I should stop by, tomorrow she answered,

"Be sure to bring another bottle of olive oil, we're almost out."