LUCINDA - HOME HELP MAID CAMEO

Lucinda was my wife's home help maid, coming in once a week - on Tuesdays - to help out my wife with window cleaning, dusting down drapes and stuff like that. We called her Luci for short.

She was a thin, tall, scrawny girl with jet black hair and piercing dark brown eyes that seemed to have a twinkle in them. She also had high and outstanding cheek bones that gave her a sort of oriental look. She was no prize, but she was not unattractive in her skimpy shorts and brief tank top and her face was not pretty but not unattractive either. 

She was shy and short in conversation and uneasy and embarrassed in my presence. Not that I was usually at home and our only conversation pieces were a brief and occasional "good morning". My wife had judged her as being short on sex appeal and had therefore determined that she posed no threat. When she once asked me what I thought of Luci, I classed her as "ordinary", and I suppose that put her mind at rest.

She had been with us a couple of years and was now about 21 or 22 and recently married.

On one Tuesday I had to travel on business in the evening and took the day off. The kids had a Parents' Day and the school had put on a number of activities to keep kids and parents occupied for most of the day.

I kissed the wife and kids before they left and settled into my easy chair to while away the day reading and watching television. Luci carried on with her normal routine, hardly daring to exchange a glance with me.

"At about 10.30 make her some coffee and give her these sandwiches (my wife had prepared them). I told her to help herself but she won't. She's too shy. Make sure she eats them and has coffee". 

That was an order.

Duly at 10.30 I called her to the kitchen and gave her the sandwiches and a steaming mug of coffee. She muttered "thanks" and waited for me to leave the kitchen before starting out on them.

I gave her ten minutes grace and then went back into the kitchen (obeying orders!) to make sure she had eaten them. She had and was slowly sipping the mug of coffee.

"Cigarette?", I offered.

She nodded shyly. I offered her the packet and she took one with long and thin trembling fingers. Her eyes seemed to blaze with embarrassment and shyness but as I reached out to give her a light for my cigarette she came in close and we brushed together slightly.

She had a nice homely smell about her, an odour mixture of honest sweat and cheap deodorant. Whatever possessed me I shall never know to this day, but as she drew her first puff from the cigarette I slipped an arm around her thin waist and pulled her towards me. She didn't resist.

Our lips met. She had wet, slobbery lips and I gave her a long and lingering kiss with reciprocal success because her lips opened and my tongue slipped inside her mouth and tasted her gums with the taste of coffee still on them. I took the cigarette from her hand and crushed it in the ash tray.

I made her turn round and stood her legs apart and made her hands lean on the surface of the kitchen cupboard. I took up position behind her and yanked her shorts down to her ankles. She had a compact but scrawny ass perched on tall, thin elegant legs. A skimpy white panty was wedged in between her ass cheeks. I yanked that down too.

"Open your legs", I ordered. She did as bid, without a word.

My finger parted her ass cheeks and traced a line down to her cunt and felt her pubic hairs. She was unshaven. I traced her labia lips and my finger entered her cunt with a "pop". She was wet. My finger screwed around inside her where it was warm and wet.

I held her neck with my right hand to immobilise her and my left hand grabbed her cunt from behind, roughly rubbing and ravishing her clit and then inserting three fingers fully into her cunt.

She moaned. I began frigging her hard, roughly and urgently as her juices covered my fingers and made them slippery, pliant and flexible. She liked it rough. I drove my fingers inside her cunt even more roughly, initiating a short and sharp rhythm that made her swing her thin buttocks in synchronisation.

My right hand released from her neck and felt under her tank top, raking her thin, small breasts. But she had big nipples and they stuck out audaciously. She began to pant and her moans increased.

She was almost ready. My hand motion increased, darting in and out of her cunt like a bullet. I grabbed her by the neck again and held her firmly and with a final flourish I pounded her cunt incessantly. Her back arched, she stood on tip toe and with a low and long moan she climaxed. Her gooey cum spurting enveloped my fingers with oozes of juice and her whole body shook with orgasm for a full 30 seconds and then she slumped against me.

My cock was raised to bursting point.

"On your knees" I ordered her.

She went down silently. I unzipped my fly and my bursting cock split out into the open, swinging crazily and raking the air.

I took her head in my hands and positioned her face. She opened her mouth and my cock slipped in between her lips. She began to suck crazily, as if her life depended on it, taking my cock fully into her mouth, so fully that I could feel the tip raking her throat.

She sucked with an appetite, slobbering and oozing spittle so that streams of it splashed everywhere and gave off popping and squelching sounds. Her thin fingers held my balls and lifted them off my scrotum so that her lips could get more leverage on my cock.

I launched my cock in and out of her mouth, really letting her have it hard and she took it all with crazy enthusiasm.

My breath exploded. My cock seemed to expand two or three times to its normal size. She clamped her lips around it and held it firmly in her mouth as I came, unleashing wave after wave of hot and creamy cum which she swished around in her mouth and swallowed as my hips rocked crazily and I drained every last drop into her mouth.

We stood amazed for a few seconds. I took out a couple of cigarettes and lit them and gave her one. She still had some warm coffee and she drained the last dregs from the mug, flushing out her mouth.

"I needed that badly", I said.

"Yes, so did I", she replied shyly.

I went upstairs to shower and she continued with her work. We did not say another word. Around mid-day my wife and kids returned.

Lucinda spent another year with us, coming in once a week. Then she became pregnant and left. We never, ever once mentioned the incident and we never spoke to each other. She continued to shyly avoid me, and I muttered the occasional "good morning".

After she left I never saw her again and I really don't know what happened to her although I would hazard that nowadays she is probably happily married with two or three kids, and a memory or two.


PHOENIX46								4th April 2007


