

I work at the Boeing offices in Seattle. About a year ago we merged with a much
smaller company from Portland. Ever since the merger we had bi-weekly meetings
with a team of their managers. Our execs dubbed them `alignment meetings'. Five
Portland managers would fly into Seattle for a long day of meetings and fly
back home the same evening. This is how I met Cathy. She was a one of the five
managers who flew in for these alignment meetings.

These alignment meetings ended around 5pm and we normally had time for an early
dinner before the Portland group caught their plane home. Our management team
wanted to develop better relationships with the Portland team and they
encouraged all of us - Seattle guys - to join these dinners. They even called
them `alignment dinners'.

The first thing that struck me about Cathy was that she was very smart. Our
alignment meetings were often very boring. Some people tried hard to promote
weird private agendas.  Cathy often came up with a bright solution when
everyone else was deep in repetitive and useless arguments. Unlike other smart
women I met, Cathy was also attractive. She had a slight seductive tone in her
voice, and she constantly teased everyone around her. Cathy and I became good
work-friends. We supported the same ideas and often backed each other up during
arguments. I wasn't the only one at the Seattle office to take notice of
Cathy.  Her name came up in a quite few hallway talks. Everyone was impressed
by her capabilities and personality.

A few months after the alignment meetings started, I spent a few days in
Portland. I decided to get a bit more friendly with Cathy - I called her and
asked her out.  She was as friendly as usual, but said that she was engaged.
We spoke on the phone for a few minutes and she told me a little about her
fiancee.  Maybe it was my imagination, but I thought she sounded a bit sad when
she spoke. Things continued as usual after our conversation but I felt that
Cathy paid more attention to me. When I had something to say during a meeting,
she would always raise her head and listen.  I think she was even smiling at
me, just a hint of a smile. I made sure I never missed any of the alignment
dinners. Cathy was always there.  These infinite and dull alignment meeting
days slowly became the better days each months.  I was looking forward to
seeing Cathy, chat a bit, and stare at her cute eyes over dinner.

I think Cathy liked me too. During dinners she often sat opposite from me.  She
always smiled when our eyes met and she always looked at ME when saying hello
and good-bye to all of the Seattle folks. This went on for a few more months.
One of these alignment dinners I sat across from Cathy - as usual. She was
engaged in smalltalk with the other guys at the table. Suddenly I felt a bare
foot touching my foot. I looked at Cathy but she completely ignored me.  The
foot started massaging my ankle. It couldn't have been anyone other than Cathy
because she sat directly across from me along a narrow table. I stared at her
for a few seconds and she finally gave me a quick glance and a sinful smile.
After that glance, she continued the conversation as if nothing was happening.
I couldn't have been any more excited. Her foot kept stroking my ankle, moving
a bit higher with every stroke. Cathy wore pumps - very easy to remove under
the table. I was wearing my work shoes so I couldn't respond to her stroking. I
couldn't concentrate on the conversation around the table so I just sat there,
enjoying myself.

When her foot reached high enough on my calf, I tried touching it with my
hand.  I hoped that no one would notice my hand reaching under the table. Every
time I managed to touch the tip of her toe, she retracted her foot quickly
before I could really touch it. She kept at it for a few more minutes until 
it was time for the Portland group to head for the airport.

The two-weeks that followed were very long two weeks.  I was quite surprised by
the sudden interest from Cathy. After all - she was engaged to another guy.  I
decided to let things roll and see where they take me.  I was looking for some
excuse to be without shoes next time we have dinner. I wanted to participate in
that game under the table. One night, a bunch of Seattle people went for sushi
at a new Japanese restaurant. That restaurant had Japanese-style seating where
you had to take your shoes off before you enter a booth-style seat. The tables
had a very large table-cloth - hanging pretty low on all sides. It couldn't
have any been any better.

The next alignment meeting has finally arrived. Cathy showed up in a very
pretty skirt, and - of course - pumps. Around dinner time I suggested that we
take our guests to the new sushi place. Some guys just hate sushi so we decided
to split the group into two smaller groups. Luckily, Cathy was on the sushi
group. Jim and Lisa from the Seattle office were also on the sushi group - much
smaller than our usual dinner crowd.  We arrived at the restaurant and Cathy
took the seat opposite of me. This time, we all had to take our shoes off so I
was ready for some action.  As soon as we sat down and a conversation started,
I felt Cathy's foot touching my left foot. I moved my right foot and started
massaging Cathy's ankle. Cathy took part in the conversation and behaved like
nothing was happening under the table. I decided to take a step forward and
moved my foot upwards to Cathy's calf, inching my way slowly higher and higher.
Cathy gave me a quick smile and went back into the conversation.  I decided
that a smile was just as good as an open invitation.  I shifted my weight a bit
and moved forward in my seat. Now I could reach a lot farther. I looked at Jim
and Lisa but they were very involved in a conversation and paid no attention
to me.

My massaging foot was now touching Cathy's knee. She was wearing some kind of
pantyhose that felt very smooth on my toes. Cathy's foot was still below my
ankle, stroking my foot slowly. This went on for a few more minutes until our
food arrived.  I decided it was time to join the conversation and behave
normally. I had a hard time concentrating on both the conversation and Cathy's
knee. All I managed to say were a few head shakes, one `absolutely right' and
two `you bet's. Eventually, I just gave up. The most I could concentrate on
were my food and Cathy's knee.

I suddenly felt Cathy's toe push into my left foot. I looked straight at her
face, waiting for a sign. She had a faint smile on her lips and her head was
nodding `yes' very slowly. Five seconds later, my foot climbed up from her knee
to her thigh.  I suddenly felt the elastic band of her stockings against my
toe.  This can only mean that another inch upwards I'll be touching her skin
directly. My dick was now as hard as it has ever been. I had a difficult time
managing it to a comfortable direction under my pants without raising
everyone's suspicion.

Another 20 seconds of elastic-band massaging and my toes hit skin. The moment I
touched her exposed skin, I saw Cathy take a deep breath and exhale very
slowly. I think she was enjoying this at least as much as I was.  I couldn't
see how she positioned her legs but she must have spread them a bit so my foot
could fit between them. I moved my foot sideways until it found Cathy's other
thigh and massaged it a bit too. Her thighs felt so warm and soft. I was very
eager to bury by face in them.

My massaging foot kept inching its way up along Cathy's thigh. Suddenly my big
toe hit Cathy's panties. Her immediate reaction was closing her thighs hard -
locking my foot between them.  I stared at her making a `what's-up' face. She
stared back for a few seconds, part smiling, part embarrassed. Slowly, her
thighs came apart again - freeing my foot. I guess it took her a little while
to decide how far she was willing to go. I started moving my foot again.  This
time, Cathy spread her thighs much wider than before. This couldn't have been a
bad sign. It gave me courage and I started rubbing Cathy's panties. I think I
felt some moisture on my toes but I was rubbing blindly. I wanted to rub
Cathy's clit but had no way of knowing when I found it - unless Cathy helped me
out.  I rubbed her panties lightly for a few minutes, and then added more and
more pressure to my toes. Suddenly I felt Cathy's toe stick hard into my left
foot.  I must have finally hit the right spot.

I looked at Cathy across the table. I think her breath got a bit faster and her
face looked a little flushed.  I went on rubbing the good spot I found. Cathy's
panties felt more and more wet. I felt fantastic: I was masturbating an
incredible woman in a public place, sitting at the same table with a couple of
my co-workers who have no idea what's going on under the table. It was risky 
and sexy all at once. 

I wanted to feel Cathy's pussy directly on my skin but had no idea how to make
this happen.  The meal was already half done, and Cathy was supposed to leave
for the airport in less than 30 minutes. Salvation came from an unexpected
direction - Jim got up and headed for the mens room. Two seconds afterwards,
Lisa got up and headed for the ladies room. This was the golden opportunity
I've been  waiting for. I stared at Cathy and whispered: `Take them off'. Her
head shook and her lips spelled: `no way'. Another minute passed by. I kept
staring at Cathy, hoping she would change her mind. I knew Jim and Lisa would
be back any minute.  Suddenly, Cathy's hands disappeared under the table
cloth.  I saw her butt wiggle a little. Cathy held something tightly in her
hand. She opened her handbag and stuffed it in. She was holding it so tightly
that I couldn't even tell what color it was. I could see Jim approaching the
table as Cathy returned to her normal sitting position. Cathy stared at me with
an apologetic smile on her face. I think she knew that Jim almost caught her
with her panties in her hand.  Jim and Lisa sat down and resumed the idle
conversation about flights, airline food and who knows what else.

I returned my foot to its place and moved it foot forward. It finally hit the
jackpot. Cathy's pussy was extremely wet.  Its folds felt so silky and soft
against my toes. It only took a slight push and my big toe sank completely into
her pussy.  I started toe-fucking Cathy's pussy, rubbing her clit every few
strokes. The moisture from her pussy got my toes very slippery and when I
rubbed Cathy's clit with them, it made her entire body shake. If I went on
masturbating Cathy like this, Jim and Lisa would eventually notice her
shaking.  I had to divert the conversation to my side of the table so that
nobody paid attention to Cathy. It took insane efforts to attract the
conversation center to me while rubbing Cathy's clit with my toe.

I knew both Jim and Lisa were health nuts and spent most of their free time
biking. I told them I was considering buying a bike and asked for their
advice.  It worked like magic. Both of them shifted their complete attention to
me - telling me various boring biking facts, giving me store recommendations
and even inviting me for biking trips. I didn't have to say much. Just nod and
look impressed. I could freely rub Cathy's clit and stick my toes in her
pussy.  This went on for more than ten minutes. Cathy's breathing became faster
and faster. She was staring at me, changing rapidly between a smile and a
stressful look. All of a sudden, I felt Cathy's toe press hard against my left
foot. I felt her pussy muscles contract and squeeze my big toe.  She was having
an orgasm. Her eyes closed, her neck arched back and her face was flushed.  I
had to make sure Jim and Lisa didn't look at Cathy.  I felt like a grown up
telling a kid to `look at the birdie'.  I made random comments about the
architecture style of the restaurant, pointing at various decorations away from
Cathy's direction. Sounds stupid, but it worked. It took Cathy another minute
to calm down and restore her normal posture.  She was staring at me. Not
smiling, but looking quite happy. I stared back not knowing quite how to
continue. It was time for Cathy to head for the airport. We got the check and
started to get up. As we were getting up, I saw Cathy's lips move and spell:
`Thank you'.

I saw Cathy a few more times afterwards but they were always very official and
we had no time to play. A few months later, Cathy moved to a different job in
the Portland office and stopped joining our alignment meetings. I tried calling
her a few times, but she was friendly and polite and wouldn't even mention our
restaurant incident.

