Author: Chris Stork
Title: Silver of the Moon
Universe: Original
Summary: Under the silvered moon take care you know who the wolf is.
Keywords: mf, teen, furry, rough, 1st, cons

###

Mark tried to keep the shaking down. Hed asked Silva out to the prom. He had no reason to believe she'd say yes. He was some dorky looking twig, she was the most beautiful woman in all of the world. She had everyone wrapped around her finger. She wouldn't give him the time of day. She would never go with him. Certainly not where the prom was held, in her familys mansion. Never ever.

Silva looked at him with her prefect blue eyes and said yes.

Mark hoped he at least faked looking confident. Silva was so perfect. Her hunting blue eyes, long blonde hair and slender build pressed against him. The way she moved had an unearthly grace. She hadn't taken her eyes off him. Her lithe body flowed against his in their dance. Silva looked hungry and he was the meal. She was so soft. Little shadows pooled in the folds every time she moved in her vibrant silver dress.

So what do you like to do? Silva asked as she grinned toothily.

I kind of play some sports. Usually I just like staying outside.

Oooh an outdoorsy man. She squeezed his arm. I can tell. A broad grin.College is soon, what were you planning on taking? A nervous shuffle.

I was thinking about taking biology or animal courses. Id like to be a park ranger. Silva grinned. 

Im going to be a writer. Wanna ask me anything?

Umm-uh nothing comes to mind. Her wolfish smile continued.

Oh don't worry, you'll think of something. She leaned in and nuzzled against his chest.

Don't panic, don't panic, don't panic think think think think. DANCE!

Mark fought to keep some control over himself. Dad told him that dancing made woman forgive a lot. And he was already screwing up the night. Mark swept Silva through the dance. His heart an anvil his feet smashed against. Mark took each overly practiced step, careful not to crush her feet. His body tensed, Silva felt so soft against him.

Cautiously he reached up and quietly stroked her neck. Silva moaned and buried her head in his chest. She squeezed him gently. Thoughts ended. Mark caressed the nape of her neck. She felt wonderful under his fingers. Silva wobbled lightly and tilted her back back, her lips parted slightly. Mark leaned down and pressed his lips to hers. Silva trembled. A moan. Mark kissed her as well as he could. Silva wobbled and Mark held her still. She barely moved under his touch. They broke apart. Silva gazed longingly at him

Do you like art? She slurred.

Your porn collection? As the words fled his tongue his spine clenched. Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid. Silva grinned and stuck her tongue out. 

"Youll see," and took him by the hand. "This will only take a minute," she said as she drug him off. 
The noise of the crowd faded as hallways passed by and soon Silva's art gallery was their only company. The room was almost the size of Mark's house. Paintings decorated the walls. Sculptures arranged in the center. While the paintings were of women in positions and stances of great power, the sculptures were all of men. Men in very little clothing.

The smell hit him first, the strong odor of bleach. He pinched his nose. It was nauseating. Silva took him to the paintings first. She explained the meaning of each in turn. Mark nodded and smiled. If he opened his mouth he knew he would retch. Silva pounced on each statue and painting. Espousing its virtues in style and technique. She was half way through the gallery when she turned back to Mark. 

What's wrong?

Bleach. The cleaners used way too much in here, he managed to gag out. 

I don't smell anything. Silva briefly glanced around and then drug him from the room. I have some more in my room. she rushed through the words, These are expensive so only a few people see them and they're really nice. She babbled on and on. Mark caught a quick glance at her face. Is she blushing? 

The pair reached Silvas bedroom. She swept aside as the sun set and the night rose in supremacy. Silva movements got stronger, the night her time. Her eyes shone with delight. Silva bounced from one painting to the next, extolling the virtues of the brutal simplicity of each paint stroke. She bobbed on her toes, the dwindling sun and rising moon empowered her.

Mark thought it was more the fact of their price than the look of the paintings. He tried to keep up with the painting styles, artists and when they were made but it soon turned into a mash of names and numbers he had no context for. He did manage to keep nodding and smiling though.

Finished, Silva turned and beamed. Excitement in her eyes.

All my art things. What do you think? Mark decided to be diplomatic.

Theyre all very pretty. He kept smiling and nodding.

Oh I wanna show you my balcony. Itll have a great view of the full moon tonight.

Half-moon tonight. The nodded and smiling stopped.

No it's the full moon tonight. I kept track of things like that. Silva declared and pulled him by the hand to the balcony. Moonlight shone on her face as the full moon began its ascent into the darkness of night. Silva smiled.

I love the way moon sits in the night's sky. So peaceful and serene. Don't you agree? and turned to Mark. 

But he wasn't Mark anymore. 

His body twisted and grew. Hair sprouted from every inch of his skin. His jaw distended and long teeth ripped from his gums. The werewolf grew in size, towering over the tiny girl. The monster turned towards Silva. The beast reached for the tiny girl, his muscular arm vastly larger than her head. Silva touched his arm with her tiny, petite hand. A frail grip in comparison to the beast in front of her.

And she threw him across the room.

Mark slammed into the wall, breaking and spider webbing the ancient masonry. His massive form slumped, his mind scattered along the floor. Silva slammed into him, her fangs bared.

"You little! You didn't tell me you're a werewolf!" The vampires eyes flared. Her night as ruined as the wall. He wasn't supposed to be this! The shattered remains of her plans lacerated her mind. He was supposed to be normal so she could turn him and then she's take him to bed and she wouldn't be a virgin anymore! Now it was over. And it was his fault!

I worked so hard for this! I chased all the other girls away! I fought to get prom in my house so I could take you in my bed and you ruined it all! Silva banged his head against the wall a few more times for good measure. "You lied to me! You said you were normal! Your fault! Your fault!" She glared at him as her fangs bit into her lip. "I was going to tell you but you ruined my chance, so it's your fault!"

She settled in on his leg, snarling and thinking of what else to call him. "You're a rotten person leading me on." His left leg is here. "You were trying to get me alone weren't you?" And his right is there. "I know exactly what you were planning." So what am I sitting on? Her eyes bulged.

Oh.

My.

God.

Her thoughts and desires smashed into each other. Anger was the first causality. Unconsciously her legs pressed together on the object of her needs. She tried to reign in her mind but it kept going down. And-and you won't get away with it-it. Tonight was a bad night. She was normally lustful and full moons made it worse. Her body heated up. She knew exactly what it meant. A vampire couldn't get her pregnant but anything else could. You were gonna, gonna-, and thinking was gone next.

She held onto to him and rocked back and forth. Images pounded into her brain: his size, his power, the fury. Shivers raced through her body. She was weak, she needed more. Her wish was already granted. His cock rose upwards. Silva rose with it, shoving her into Mark's chest. Her wrapped around him, hair rubbing on her skinless body. No more thoughts, only needs. The young vampire untangled herself. She stepped out of her panties and lined her entrance up with his massive cock.

The vampire sank into him. Her body was forced open. She whimpered and trembled. Slowly the undead girl's body engulfed Mark. The vampire mewled as inches pushed into her. She was dripping, every fragment of her being screamed for this. Convulsions ran up and down her skin. She stared forward, nothing in her mind. The sensation of him entering her consumed her. This was her existence. A third of him inside her. Then she slipped and all of him was completely inside her.

A gasp was forced from her mouth. Seizures ruled her. Her eyes saw emptiness. Pleasure crushed her. Silva twitched. The vampire gone from the waking world. But as she drifted another came back. 

Mark bobbled back to awareness. Ancient instincts, primal needs. A woman already wrapped around him. He reached out and gripped her. Forcing her hips back and forth as he liked. The hapless girl squeaked and trembled. Even if she screamed the walls were thick, no one would hear her. Silva was the werewolfs toy until he was finished.

The werewolf's massive hands captured the smaller woman. His and his alone now. He pulled her up and down on his shaft. Silva gasped as he filled her, weakness spread to her limbs. She trembled and clutched his hair. No thoughts intruded in her pleasure. It was all she could to hang on as he fucked her. The vampire trembled and sank into him completely. Leg to leg and hip to hip she gasped and shook. Nothing prepared her for this. Not the midnight fantasies or her time with the statutes. Silva whimpered. She'd been a virgin a moment before, her fingers the little toys she bought meant nothing.

Her body moved, flowing across him, trapped in an ancient dance. His shaft crushed all thought.  Silva's legs wrapped around him. She used the leverage to rock herself back and forth on the titanic cock. Her body was ground against his. The fur tickling her skin as the pleasure consumed her. Her legs squeezed his waist. A flick of the beasts tongue across her face. Silva trembled. Marks cock filled her, making the world distant. His hands guided her up and down on his shaft. She gasped, weakened by the feelings. He was powerful and moved her easily. Silva tried to gasp. The pleasure crushed out her air. She was a thing for his use, nothing more.

Dazed Silva clung to him as the beast stood up and carried her to bed. The vampire smiled drunkenly. Her day dreams unbroken until the softness of her bed infiltrated her senses. Silva looked up into the wolfs eyes. Lust, desire, and sin all danced in his soul. Silva drew hey legs back, Wanting him to violently take her all night. The beast slid in, her pussy accepting his cock.

A small yelp as Mark fucked her. He entered her totally, teaching her deepest places. The werewolf thrust back and forth. Thrilling the young woman. Her bed creaked slightly. Mark licked at her face. Ecstasy surged upwards in the vampire's body. Grunts and moans of pleasure were taking from her lips. The monster loved the feeling of being inside her. His own lusts building he thrust deeper and faster. Silva reached up and caressed the wolf's face. All had become the moment.

The werewolf picked up Silva and forced her up and down on him. Her legs shook. Mark would show her all that he could do. The young girl's mind crumbled under his power. Her legs on his shoulders, the sound of hip and hip. The vampire held his face. The beast pushed into her velvet depths. A moment of softness before the fury.

He violently crashed into her. Her tiny body impaled onto him.. She was nothing more than a masturbation aid. Silva tried to scream in pleasure and nothing came out. The power crashed through her. She was helpless, the beast had her and would never let go. The softness on her skin and his hardness inside her. Whimpers fled her lips. The vampire shivered as she was fucked. Deep and powerful thrusts careened through her body.

Silva felt the red tempest of pleasure flying through her. Soon it would carry her to wonderful oblivion. Mark gripped her and fucked harder. She was going numb, everything below her hips vanished. The thin pleasure the wolf got from her wasn't enough. The beast furiously pumped her up and down on him. Everything a blur. Red consumed and burned her mind. Strength fled in the power of the werewolf. Her body failed. The beast used her and she could no longer stay conscious. The blackness collapsed on her eyes and she went limp.

***

Silva woke the next morning. Mark had returned to normal. Their bodies intertwined under the sheets. A smile on her lips. She felt warm. Another thought as her mind examined her body. I'm pregnant. Her finger trailed on her belly. I'm going to be a mother. Her night had gone better than she'd ever hoped. 

Her thoughts drifted over to the father. She already knew what he looked like without clothes, getting into places was easy for the vampire. But examining him this close did wonders for her mind. Her eyes fondled his abs and chest. He had no hair, Unlike his wolf form. Lower she gazed, his cock, even soft was very much like his bestial half. Silva licked her lips.

Mommy likes. Im getting that between my thighs all the time. Her hands gently roamed his sleeping body. You are all mine now. She ran her fingers through his short red hair. With Mark asleep she couldn't stare into his soft brown eyes. She loved doing that. She wanted to drown in them. A brief kiss while he was unresisting. You're all mine now, forever and ever. A giggle. She planned out their wedding, even the most important part, the night after. Another kiss, this time Mark stirred. Time to tease a little.

He opened his eyes to be greeted by an angry Silva, memories of last night flooded in. Panic, terror, flee. Mark bolted away. Arms up, words pouring from his mouth.

I-I can - I didn't - I'm sorry. Silva rose offer the bed, malice burning through her eyes.

Did you think you could get away with that? A litany of denials and pleas. You are going to- she slid off the bed, she'd intended to look menacing, to frighten the little werewolf.

Silva didn't think her legs would to collapse.

She tossed her arms out, searching to something to grab. Marks chivalry pushed him forward and caught her. Silva wrapped around him and drug him down to the floor. Her lips seized his and she kissed him deeply. He lie in her arms, stunned and unable to do anything. When Silva had enough the vampire let him go.

I'm a very horny girl and I expect it at least ten times a day from now on. She giggled and pulled the speechless werewolf into her embrace. Keeping him there for a long time.


