I have had numerous requests about who hot little Angie really is, so I wrote this short piece one morning and decided to post it in hopes that everybody would realize how much she means to me. 

My Ode to Angie, my real life little lover and soul mate:

I slowly open my eyes as the first light of dawn moves the night shadows back into the furthest corners of my room. I am warm and so comfy under the big down comforter covering my body almost up to my chin. As I become more and more alert to my surroundings, I turn my head slightly to make sure my little lover, Angie, is still lying beside me. Her face is only inches from mine and she is softly snoring with her cute little mouth slightly open. I feel the gentle pulse of warm air from her breath against my face as she breathes out, then her chest swells, raising the comforter, and then the pulse comes to my face again.

A strand from her long black hair is hanging down at the corner of her puffy little lips, and I reach up and move it out of the way so I can look at her sweet face. She has little dimples at the sides of her mouth that always make her look so angelic when she smiles at me, which is almost all the time when she is awake.  She is one of the happiest people I have ever known, always very upbeat and full of the dickens, and ready for anything the world puts before her, always enjoying to the max every sight, or smell, or sound, or touch, or taste that comes her way.

She stirs and moves closer seeking my body heat in the gray gloom of the cool bedroom. Still asleep she reaches up and pulls me even closer in a tight hug and I hug her back as her little naked body molds to mine like a glove. Her nipples graze mine as she shifts, and I see now she is coming up out of her deep sleep because the little grin is just starting to break the soft lines of her mouth at the sides. Her hug tightens as she comes fully awake like she always does, not slowly, but like somebody had yelled in her ear, or an alarm went off in her cute little head

Her eyes snap open and stare at me, and I am lost in the bright green flash as she recognizes me once again and grins like the little imp she is. She scrunches her little nose against mine and rubs it around as she searches for my lips. Then I feel the oh so soft flutter against my own sensitive lips as her puffy ones slide over mine and her tongue slides out and runs around and then pushes gently until I open enough for her to probe the depths of my mouth. She moans softly as she gently opens wider and nibbles softly on my lower lip, sending little shivers up my spine.

Then her eyelids flutter and she inhales quickly as if she was holding her breath all the time and was out of air, and then shudders, and her little chin trembles as her whole body reacts to kissing me. It's always the same, no matter how many times she kisses me, the little gasp and the cute little shudder and tremble always follow immediately. It's her way of telling me that I am the only person in her world and she is so all into me always, no matter where we are.

Her eyes open again and the little glint shines through so I know she is about to either make love to me or pull some sneaky little prank that will make me shake my head and smile at her. She once again places her soft little mouth on mine and whispers, "Good morning, lover, let's make love, okay?" Her breath is like a warm breeze across my lips and I suck her tongue into my mouth and twine mine around it. She pulls me tight and rolls me over on my back and slides between my legs in the same movement that I have grown so accustomed to over the years. I spread my legs wide to welcome her tight little body in, and she slides slowly down over my flat white tummy leaving a little track of wet kisses in her wake.

Then I feel her long fat tongue tease my outer lips as she runs it up and then down again, and I gasp as the tingle runs up my spine. She probes between them and licks up until my swelling flaps of skin open to reveal my little pink clit shining and waiting for her to suck it, and lick it, and make me come. I grab the sheets in my fists and tremble as she nibbles gently then slides down and lubricates her tongue on my seeping juices and then returns to bite me gently some more. All this time her hands are running all over my body making my breasts swell and my nipples harden.

As she continues to work her magical tongue deeper and deeper into my wet vagina she tugs on my nipples and twirls them between her thumbs and fingers until my whole body is on fire. She stops and rises up and looks at me with my juices dripping off her chin and her tongue licking around her lips and sucking the moisture into her mouth. Her long stiff nipples tease the insides of my thighs and slit as she deliberately drags them around and over my mound making me shiver. Then the little impish grin returns as she lowers her head and lets her long black hair tickle my pubic region and then down between my legs to tease my wet cunt lips, driving me slowly out of my mind. After a few hard whips of her head she giggles and then dives her mouth down onto my engorged lips and shoves her long tongue way up into me and curls it back against my nerve bundle and I gasp and tremble when the shock waves shoot up my body, going up my spine from my clit and up my front from my G spot and then into my breasts and nipples making them swell so big that the skin is tight and feels like it is stretched almost to the splitting point.

My whole body is hot and flushed as my orgasm nears and my areolas swell and my nipples ache and I pant and gasp for air. "Oh, God, Ang, I'm coming!" I scream, as the first convulsion jerks my pelvic muscles violently and I sink my nails into my palms through the silk sheet. She sucks harder and my cunt throbs and I spurt all over her face as she licks frantically, trying to swallow it all, and failing miserably. The flood is just too much, as it always is, and she backs off and watches me as wave after wave assaults my sweating little body and I pump like a fire engine in steady pulses which dwindle quickly down to nothing, and I fall back on the sweat soaked sheets gasping for air and trying to still my jerking legs that are vibrating like crazy against Angie's little body.

She slides back up over me again trailing little kisses on the way, stopping to kiss and lick both my sore nipples and then my neck and then kissing me hard and moaning in my mouth, "Oh, honey, I love it when you come so hard, it makes me so happy when I can please you so much, and make you feel so good." I run my fingers through her silky hair and tenderly kiss her eyebrows and little nose. I love her so much I would really die if something ever happened to her. She is my life, my love, and my only reason for existing on this planet, all packaged in the cutest, sexiest, and craziest little girl who ever lived. I pull her down so her head is lying on my breasts and she purrs like a cat as she wiggles trying to push her sweaty little body clear into mine so we are but one person, instead of two.

Then sleep overtakes us again after our long night skinny dipping in the lake, and we both are so contented that nothing else matters in the whole world.


