"Lady In Red" by Eagle1 (MF, M+/F+, orgy)

You remember what it was like in high school right?

You worked so hard for just one fuck, but everything was always so awkward. Most high school girls put up a fight for every little feel. Youd spend so much time and money romancing a girl and then all you got at the end of the evening was a good night kiss. How many nights did you spend jerking off thinking about some goddess who sat two rows ahead of you in math class, who teased you mercilessly on date, but who wouldnt ever close the deal?

Of course some guys were luckier than others.

While the chess club only got to beat their meat for four years, the jocks usually could always score off one of the more obliging cheerleaders or maybe one of the preppy wannabe sluts. You know the type: some hot little bitch that couldnt wait to get your pants down and suck you off as long as you were on one of the sports teams. But even that usually only amounted to a blowjob. Maybe shed jerk you off after practice. Sweaty nights in the backs of cars were few and far between.

Whatever you got though: kiss, suck or fuck, youd still made the most out of it, bragging about some lay to the rest of your posse, trying to one up their own adventures.

Most of those girls I knew in high school were worried about their reputations. But there were enough exceptions to fill my dance card during those years. I remember this one time with a girl up against the wall behind the bleachers in the gym, she was tight, but hell, you know what I mean, man. Even now, as many times as I got laid in high school, I still get hard just thinking about all that unused snatch.

Then I went to college!

That was a whole other story altogether.

It seemed like once you got to college, women were just lining up. There were no more of those stuck up, uptight, frigid types either. These women were smart, beautiful members of the sexual revolution. This was the real world.

Youd cross the quad, flash a handsome smile, and it didnt seem like you had to do anything more than snap your fingers at them before youd be in their beds in no time. Hell, you didnt even have to ask. These chicks would come up to you and give you their numbers! And the best part? They didnt expect you to make any pretense of love either.

Those were the days!

Those were the nights.

And one of those nights was one I remember from a little bash that was thrown by my fraternity to celebrate some college event.

Itd been quite a party and there were quite a few people there. I made my rounds, it was expected.

Then I saw her.

Id seen this girl around.

She was fine. Youd never forget that face. Or that ass.

She was a little Latina filly in a red dress that was so high, and so low, it showed off just about enough to make you crazy. She had long, black hair and a deep tan on her smooth skin. I kept seeing her all night. First at the bar, then in the kitchen, and finally on the dance floor.

My buddy Doug said her name was Theresa. But she went by Resa for short.

I could tell she was into me.

She had to be because she kept running into me! I wasnt even trying to make it happen. On the dance floor she came right up to me and ground her ass against my package.

She had to know what she was doing to me. But I couldnt seem to get her alone for five seconds. She was more slippery than a greased weasel.

Late in the evening the party started to wind down a bit, but Resa and I still hadnt managed to connect at all, despite sharing some very close encounters. I figured she was trying to avoid direct contact with me enough to keep my curiosity going strong. And by that point my curiosity wasnt all that was going strong, if you know what I mean.

After I had lost track of her for awhile for the third time after grinding with her on the dance floor, I decided to head upstairs to see what was going on. My frat had a den upstairs in the house where we could smoke and hang out. There were a group of people in there playing drinking games. Seems like most everyone else in the house had started hooking up by then or had given up and gone home.

I hadnt really been playing the scene like I would have been if Resa hadnt attracted so much of my attention. So I was getting pretty horny and would be more than a little pissed if I missed out on getting laid because of some phantom vision in a red dress.

But there she was in the den.

She was giving my frat brother, Doug, the biggest, longest, wettest kiss Id seen in a while. There was plenty of tongue action going on and everyone was cheering them.

I felt an irrational pang of jealousy.

Five minutes, man! Jamie, my other frat brother and former roommate, told him. Hey, dude, come up for air already!

There were three girls and four guys in the room. I already mentioned Jamie and Doug. Another of my brothers who was there was Kelly the Red, so named because of his flaming red hair. The fourth guy I didnt know at the time, but whose name I later learned was Ian.

The girls were Resa, Amy and Brenda. I knew Amy and Brenda. They were two sorority sisters from a neighboring house. I hadnt fucked them before, but Id always wondered what it might be like. I called them the titty sisters, for the very obvious reason that they both had two of the biggest pairs Ive seen outside of porn magazines.

It turned out that Ian was Brendas boyfriend from back home.

With no better prospects, I decided to join them. Turns out they were playing spin the bottle. Whoever spun the empty bottle had to take a drink from another very full bottle of beer and whoever the empty bottle landed on had to pull a dare from the hat, perform it, and then take their turn to spin.

Doug took his drink and then spun the bottle. It landed on Ian. Ian pulled out a slip of paper that said he had to take off his shirt, which he did with about as much show as he could manage. He made a big deal out of it and the girls made a lot of noise. Ian took a drink. It was pretty obvious that we were all more than a little drunk. Ian spun the bottle pretty hard and it landed on Resa. The slip of paper said she had to give him a lap dance. I held my breath for a minute.

At least whoever had come up with these dares had put a little thought into them, made them interesting.

Resa was a consummate performer.

She started moving real slow and sexy like and there wasnt even any music playing. She gave him a thorough going over. I couldnt get a real good view, but Doug was into it. He and Kelly kept nudging each other. It was obvious that Ian was hard.

I looked over at Brenda, but she was just getting into the action too, enjoying the show.

Brenda was giving Ian these sexy, longing looks, and making little playful gestures with her tongue. When Resa finally finished she got up nonchalantly and took her swig and spun the bottle. I had started eyeing Brenda and didnt even realize at first that the bottle had landed on me.

Hey man, pay attention, said Kelly as he gave me a playful punch in the arm.

After realizing what had happened, I reached into the hat and took out a piece of paper.

It says: Spend seven minutes in heaven with the person who spun the bottle, I read.

Doug started to laugh! And Jamie hollered.

Dude, fuck yeah, lucky bastard! You can use the closet, Kelly said, motioning to the door across the room.

I looked up at Resa. She only waited a second to get to her feet, heading for the closet. She gave me this come hither look. I just grinned and looked at the guys.

See you in seven minutes, I said, as the catcalls followed me to the closet.

Resa opened the door to the closet, and then went inside. I followed her and shut the door behind me. The light was dim, but I could see well enough.

Well hurry up, she said smugly, Were on the clock.

I got on my knees immediately and slid my hands up behind her long luscious thighs, pulling up her dress. She wasnt wearing any underwear and her pussy was beautifully shaved. It doesnt get any better than this, I thought, as I moved my lips to her pussy and started licking and sucking, moving my tongue over every nook and cranny. Man, she was getting so wet and heat emanated from her body in waves. I could feel her warmth on my face and her musky smell was all over the enclosed space.

I set to work on her nether regions with a vengeance and she started moaning loudly. Man, it was so hot! I just wanted more and more of the taste of her. I could hear the muffled cheering from outside. Resa was very worked up and she came suddenly. There just was no other word to describe the onslaught from her pussy. She arched her back and held my face to her pussy as she finished.

I stood up when she was done and pulled her dress up and over her head, so that all she had on was a lacy black bra. I expertly moved my hand to her back to undo the clasp.

She was feeling the same urgency I was and she moved her hands over my chest and down my back, groping to get under my shirt. She quickly had the buttons undone and my chest naked. I had taken my hand and started cupping and stroking her gorgeous breast as I moved my tongue down to suck on her nipple. Her moans got louder. My breathing got heavier. The noise outside increased.

I cant imagine what everyone else outside was thinking. Resa and I were so busy we were knocking stuff around everywhere without a care. I knew I had to have her and my cock felt like steel.

Her hands were all over me. I reached behind her to cup her ass, pulling her close.

Oh, your muscles, she sighed, feeling me, a sense of urgency in her voice, You  are  so  hard  all  over.

Darlin, I groaned in turn, I wanna fuck you.

Oh, she moaned, Go ahead. I want you right now.

I quickly pulled my emergency condom out of my wallet, which along with two others I kept for situations like this as she reached down to help me with my belt. Once it was loose my jeans fell to the floor. I pushed my boxers down too. I still had on my shoes, but I was in way too big a hurry to worry about them and get my jeans all the way off. I slipped the condom on.

I grabbing her firmly by her ass and lifted her up to take better advantage of the situation. Using the back wall of the closet to pin her up against, and to keep my balance, I positioned her over my throbbing dick.

I hope youre ready for the big time darlin! I said.

Hurry up! she said impatiently, Ive waited all night for that fucking cock!

I didnt need a further invitation. I knew where her hole was and I slid her down my nearly ten inch flagpole, gravity doing most of the work for us. What a fucking salute! I needed a second just to catch my breath.

Her pussy gripped me like a vice, and with an intense heat. It was so velvety smooth. My animal lust kicked in and I started moving her up and down on my prick like there was no tomorrow. She had some incredible control and she really knew how to work the muscles in her cunt. Her tits were crushed against my chest, and I could feel her hard nipples imprinted on my chest.

Come on baby, she whispered in my ear, Fuck me harder.

I didnt think I could get any harder! I was having trouble getting the leverage, and I was getting a workout just keeping her in the air.

Just then the closet door opened.

Your seven minutes are up already! I heard Kelly say.

I wasnt stopping for anyone. This Latina slut was going to get the ride of her life. 

Man, I said to him, Cant you see Im in the middle of something?

Kelly just laughed, I can see that, man. I just thought maybe you two wanted to join the rest of us.

I turned my head to get a better look and realized that Kelly was standing there buck-ass naked.

Well alright, man, I laughed, Well be with you in a minute!

I kept pumping into Resa and she was in full swing. I think she was cumming again from the moist, wet feeling I felt on my balls. Her moans went into overdrive and her fingers gripped the muscles of my back. I thought now would be the time to finish the bitch off. I went into overdrive, from merely hard thrusting to the rhythm of a jack hammer. I was, as Jamie would have put it, like a hamster in heat.

Resas pussy was flexing in response and her juices were now flooding down my balls to my thighs. Understandably as it is a pretty intense experience to be fucked by an almost ten inch dick.

You ready for me to cum, bitch? I snarled at her.

My balls were churning and I let loose, my cum squirting up in the condom buried deep inside her. I kept thrusting to make the most of the sensation.

And damn it all I think the bitch was even cumming again!

When I finally finished, I continued to hold her up for a minute as we kissed full on the mouth. Kissing after sex is so fucking hot. My dick had gotten softer and it pulled out of her as I lifted her up and off of me, setting her gently on the ground. I threw the used condom on the floor.

Resa smiled at me, gave me a sexy little flick of her tongue, and walked out of the closet into the den. I took a second to take off the rest of my clothes and followed her to see what was going on.

When I stepped outside I saw that Doug, Kelly and Jamie were all standing around Amy. And Amy was on her hands and knees giving Doug one hell of a blowjob. Kelly and Jamie were both holding their dicks, slowly stroking them. I turned my head and saw Ian on top of his girl Brenda, really nailing it to her on top of the couch. Resa didnt waste any time. She walked over to Jamie and pulled him to her by grabbing on to his pecker.

She got on her knees and started to suck him off.

Hey, man, I called over to him, You should try that hole, its tight.

He just let his head fall back and said, Oh, yeah, man.

I was more interested in Brenda at that point. My cock sprang back like it had a life of its own.

It had the right idea.

Ian had started to groan louder and in a couple seconds he came in his girls pussy grunting.

He just stood there and I was feeling the need to fuck. I went over to him and muscled him off Brenda, his dick made a slurping sound as it was pulled out. He just looked at me stunned. Although we were the same height, my frame was much thicker than his, densely packed with muscle from eight intense years of working out. I made one tough looking customer and I knew he didnt want to mess with me. Looking down I surveyed his little dick and wondered how it kept a girl like Brenda satisfied.

Hey pencil dick, I asked him, motioning to the armchair, Why dont you go over there and amuse yourself?

Turning back to Brenda, I said, Are you ready for a little more action, darlin? Want to feel some real meat in your pussy?

She smiled traitorously at me, Bring it on stud!

Ian didnt make a move.

I sat down on the couch and she got down on her knees right away and started sucking my dick.

I like a suck as much as the next guy, but I was in the mood for a little tighter, wetter action. I fucking love sloppy seconds. Maybe its the fact that Im a country boy at heart or that I was brought up to share. I just dont know, but I love used cunt. When I do a virgin, she always seems to have some pain taking all my nearly ten inches of big, thick dick. Find a used fuck hole and you never have any problems! Still feels tight, but goes in like a well oiled machine after a few strokes.

Get on your knees bitch! I ordered her.

Ian eyed me wearily.

Give your boyfriend a blowjob, I told her.

Ian apparently didnt need any more excuse. He moved off that armchair so fast I thought I saw smoke. He was in front of her and soon she was sucking on his hardening dick.

Okay, darlin, hold on! I instructed Brenda.

I wanted her bareback, so that I could feel all that warm pussy juice and wet cum. I slid myself inside her damp, wet and waiting hole.

She was not as tight as Resa, but considering that she had just been fucked by Ians little pencil dick, she was feeling none too bad around my cock. I was going to give her a good stretching to remember my passing.

Ian said to me, Man, you know shes never fucked anyone but me before.

Strangely, however, he didnt seem too bothered anymore. Probably because his dick was in her mouth. I know its been my experience that Ill agree to just about anything while Im getting a blowjob. Ian was probably no different.

Theres a first time for everything, I told him, pulling out momentarily to survey my handiwork. Shes had the man, now its time to have the legend.

Quit talking, she told me, pausing for a second from servicing her boyfriend.

She was wet and still juicing, cum and pussy juice all mixing together. I pushed inside her again, my dick getting well oiled in the process. I slid in and out of her pussy a couple more times and decided to go all the way. Ians cum had my dick really lubed, so I pulled out and positioned myself against the tender cheeks of her ass. My tip was wedged against the bud of her asshole.

In retrospect I probably could have been gentler, but with the amount of alcohol I drank that night I was feeling a little mean.

I pressed against her. The head of my cock felt so big and thick against her tight sphincter. I pressed and pressed and pressed and then I was in. I pushed some more and pushed and shoved, her whole body shaking, as I forced myself further into her. She opened her eyes in pain and surprise and tried to scream out but whatever came out was muffled around Ians prick. And then my thighs were pressed fully against her ass, lost in my own masculine power, and feeling really, really big insider her really, really tight space.

I groaned and grunted, Oh babyyoure so fucking tight!

I needed to tell her. She deserved to know.

She was so tight that it was actually hurting slightly; her virgin ass was stretched like never before. I withdrew a bit and then suddenly pushed deeper. Then I withdrew, and thrust deeper, and deeper, and suddenly, my balls were slapping against her pussy. I was all the way in, filling her insides to the hilt, totally stuffing her.

Ian looked over at me and said, Whoa, dude! You ass fucking her man? The bitch never let me do that before.

I just ignored him, lost in my own little world. I looked over to see Resa moving up and down on top of Jamies dick. Amy meanwhile was servicing both Kelly and Doug in a classic double penetration: one filling up either end of her.

I began to thrust slowly, real slow, to get her used to it. Then I built up the tempo, and began to thrust faster and faster and faster. Within a few minutes I was pistoning in and out happily, balls slapping against her pussy, and she was pushing back on me!

Yee haw! I crowed, slapping her ass a few times.

It felt really good now. I began to stroke her pussy as I pumped into her, my thick fingers strumming her clit, playing with it. Brendas pussy began to undulate in an orgasm. She came and came. I was more than obliging, playing with her, stimulating her to the best orgasm of her young life.

I could feel that little tingle in my balls telling me that I wasnt going to be too far behind her. As she continued cumming, in perfect timing, I came too. Our bodies tensed and shuddered together and we were locked for that moment. I felt so big inside her, and that sense of fullness just overwhelmed my senses. I pumped my load deep into her ass. Catching my breath, I shrank and pulled out from her gaping hole with a popping sound. Looking down, her asshole gaped open, but it slowly shank back to its usual size. She was panting around Ians cock, as her sucking of him returned to a more leisurely pace.

This party was in full swing now.

I walked across the room, passing Resa, who was by now being nailed by both Kelly and Doug. I went up to Jamie who was fucking Amys pussy. His eyes had that glazed look that told me he was nearly there, so I started to stroke my dick in anticipation.

After a couple minutes he pulled out of her and said, All yours man.

I didnt wait long to take up the invitation. I wanted to see if she was like I had imagined her to be. I knelt down over her and slipped into her waiting pussy. I pushed my dick forward with a gentle thrust of my hips and the pink lips of her horny pussy parted for me and allowed the head of my thick shaft inside. She had been so well lubed by Jamie, Kelly and Doug that it was pretty much like slipping on a satin glove. I let her silky, wet hole contain me as I moved in inch by inch, stroking in and out, slowly trying to get every bit of sensation out of her as I could.

Man! she groaned, arching her head back and closing her eyes.

I was in complete heaven; the top portion of my cock was engulfed in Amys warm insides. I pushed harder, squeezing a full half of my dick inside her. Even as wet as she was, I had to stop as her tightness would not allow me in any further. She was that tight, and I was that big. She opened her eyes, looking up at me lustfully. Her chest was heaving as she gasped for breath. I felt her run both hands down my back until they locked onto my bare ass. She pulled me forward, needing more of me inside. I could feel my rod keep sliding a little further into her pussy, as it was slowly enveloped. 

Oh, fuck! she sighed, wriggling her pussy upwards, gobbling up the last of my dick.

I held myself inside her, grunting, relishing the sensation of my entire cock buried in her oven. She gently ran her toes up and down my legs. Her cunt was stretched to the limit!

I began to slowly slide my manhood in and out of her tightness, using long strokes. My lips were on hers, kissing her urgently as we made love. My tongue shot into her mouth as my shaft shot into her tunnel. As I moved in and out of her a little faster, her hands grabbed at my ass, urging me onward. 

She moaned into my mouth, an orgasm quickly rising within her. Her tongue shot eagerly into my mouth. I couldnt get enough of her. I could have given her my cock all damn night long!

I broke our kiss, holding myself up on my arms. Looking down between us, I saw my raised hips, and slid most of my dick out of her body. I could see my slick rod when I looked down between my legs. Her chest was heaving, breasts jiggling like some divine Venus.

Then I thrust hard, sliding my cock home.

She cried loudly. I began to drill into her, my long dick jabbing in and out of her needy hole as fast as I could manage. She was losing it; the sensations overwhelming me too. 

Oh, fuck! Fuck! Fuck! she hollered, suddenly cumming, drenching my dick and the carpet.

I was really groaning. She raised her feet up into the air, prolonging the sensation as I hammered in and out of her helpless body. I looked down at her quivering flesh. Her eyebrows were raised in ecstasy, and her eyes were closed.

She was amazing!

I continued fucking her as she recovered from her incredible orgasm. But decided to catch her off guard and prolong our pleasure. I slipped my cock out of her soaking wet pussy with an audible slurping noise. 

Kneeling between her legs, I grabbed her head roughly, raising her into a seated position. My cock was an inch from her face, and Amy had no choice but to take it. She grabbed me and shoved me into her mouth, sliding her lips down my shaft hungrily. Her own pussy taste coated my dick. She slid her lips up and down sloppily, sucked loudly without missing a beat. 

I placed my hand underneath her chin and raised her head up. My cock popped out of her mouth and she looked up at me. I grabbed her by the shoulders and gently urged her onto her hands and knees. I intended to take her doggie style, but when I saw that beautiful ass sticking up at me, I couldnt help myself. I had to kiss it. 

I kissed her right cheek, and then kissed her left one. I began to lick and shower kisses all over her smooth white ass as she knelt helplessly before me. My lips trailed closer and closer to the crack of her ass, and my hands grabbed her cheeks, squeezing them. I spread her cheeks wide, exposing the swollen pink lips of her pussy to me. Then I buried my face in her gorgeous ass, my tongue sliding into her pussy again and again. I was staring right at her tight little asshole as my tongue tasted her delicious juices. 

Amy moaned. I sucked her pussy lips into my mouth, my hands still caressing her ass, spreading it as wide as I could. I loved looking at that tight little asshole, and the more I looked at it, the more I wanted it. 

Amy was still on her hands and knees, breasts hanging beneath her, panting as she felt me lap at her pussy. Her eyes were closed, and I could feel yet another orgasm begin to stir within her. I let my tongue leave her slit and slowly lick up the skin between her pussy and her asshole. My tongue slowly circled the rim of her asshole.

I kissed her pussy again, and she gasped. Then I slowly licked up the skin to her asshole and dipped my tongue inside. 

Oh, Marc, she whispered, overcome by the sensation.

She was at my mercy, one hundred percent. I circled my tongue around just inside her asshole, my hands spreading her cheeks. I slid my tongue further into her ass, burying my face in her crack as I worshipped her beautiful body. 

I could take it no longer. I pulled my face back, giving her ass one more kiss before getting on my knees behind her. She was panting, her legs subtly opening wider as she anticipated being entered once more. 

I grabbed my fat cock in my hand and slapped her playfully on the ass with it. This may be the only time I would have the chance to do this with her, and I was taking full advantage of it! I slowly ran the head of my dick down the crack of her ass. She sucked in her breath when she felt my probing member touch the sensitive lips of her treasure. 

I rubbed it hard against her slit, up and down, up and down. Amy was squirming, unable to take much more.

Put it in! she whined.

How could I argue? I pushed forward, and the head of my cock forced the petals of her pussy wide open and I slipped inside. Amy was so wet that I sank my entire dick inside her in one hard thrust.

She cried out, arching her head back. I went in so deep! I had her hips in a tight grip, pressing my groin hard against her ass. I was relishing the feeling of having her warmth completely surrounding me. 

Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! she moaned loudly, filling the room.

The rhythmic slapping noises filled the room as I slammed my long, fat cock deep inside her over and over. Her cheeks rippled with each impact as I fucked her as hard as I could. My hands gripped her hips hard, preventing her from being driven right through the wall. I was banging off the back of her cunt. At the same time, my balls felt so good slapping against her clit.

Our fucking had gotten the attention of the others as Kelly and Doug started cheering me on.

Yeah, man, one of them said, Fuck her harder!

Go, man, go! said the other.

I smiled just as Amy moaned with another orgasm overtaking her. I continued fucking her mercilessly as she came all around me. Her tits were swinging back and forth to the rhythm.

I didnt think that I would last much longer if the current state of affairs continued. I would cum soon, and there was nothing I could do to put it off. Amy was just too incredible! I wanted to cum all over beautiful body.

I looked up at the guys and had an idea.

Want a little four-way, guys? I asked.

They looked at each other and then at me. I could see yes written in their eyes.

I slid my long cock out of Amys body and she found herself being flipped over helplessly in the air until she was on top of me. I lifted her up until the tip of my cock was barely in her, then I slammed her back down on me. Now she was slowly riding up and down on my python. But her pussy still held me deeply inside her tight cunt. I dug my fingers into the cheeks of her ass, which were sticky with her cum. Amy started playing with her tits as she rode me.

I felt someones cock brush against my leg. I saw Jamie stroking his cock in one hand. Suddenly, in one quick jab he had pushed his cock deep in her ass. She gasped in response, her back arched and her beasts rose up towards the waiting hands of Doug. Jamies strokes grew long and hard. Kelly appeared beside me and moved his mouth over her breast, sucking on her nipple. I brought my hand down towards her slit to play with her clit while my cock thrust inside her, getting into a rhythm with Jamies. Kelly sucked and nibbled away at her like a hungry baby.

Doug climbed up over the fray and made her take his cock in her lips. I looked up to see his balls swinging free as his cock entered her mouth. Jamie finished his business and pulled dirty cock from her hole.

Suddenly in a flash Ian was there to finally get a taste of ass as he pressed his mushroom tip to her asshole and planted his engorged member deep into her ass next to my cock in her cunt. He began to wildly thrust, but after five strokes he was pumping his cum far inside her along with Jamies.

Oh, God, Amy moaned pulling away from Doug.

Sensing my opportunity, being the only person left inside her, I flipped her onto her back and thrust into her fast and deep. Her feet were bouncing off my ass as I pounded her into the floor. 

The men watched us as my ass flexed over and over again, forcing my cock deep inside her. Each pulling on his cock.

Oh, God, I cried finally, Im gonna cum!

I grunted a couple time, closed my eyes as my member glided in and out of her hungry pussy over and over again.

Oh, yes! she moaned, smiling up at me.

I could feel myself lose it and pulled out just in time to fire a long, thick stream of hot cum out the end of my cock all over her stomach and pussy. It dripped in thick ropes of white. I grunted as my dick twitched, unleashing the last few jets.

We were both out of breath.

Things got really hazy after that point.

Jamie, Ian and I sat around drinking beers for a while. Resa had left by that point and before the night was through Amy and Brenda got into a little lesbian action, to which Doug and I joined in at the end. It was like being trapped in some weird porn flick, seeing my frat brother Doug sitting on the couch, while Brenda eased herself up and down onto his dick. They were both facing me. Her eyes were closed, but Doug looked me right in the eye with this crooked little smile. All the while Amy was giving a good, hard ride.

Meanwhile, Ian had totally lightened up into a cool guy.

Finally in the early hours of the morning, I decided to go to bed. I hadnt sat around jerking off with another guy since I was twelve and discovered my brothers collection of dirty magazines.

I had had the sense to lock my room before the party started, so I didnt have to kick anyone out. When my head hit the pillow I was out.

I didnt remember anything else for some time

But at some point I dreamt about something warm and wet down near my crotch. I imagined this girl named Sherry that I had meet at a party last weekend. We had gone back to her place and fucked, I think she was in my English Lit class. Oh, I was getting into this wet dream. When I reached down to give my boner a stroke, I felt silky hair instead. Half asleep I realized that the good feeling on my dick wasnt just a dream. I awoke fully and looked down. Some chick was going down on me while I was sleep! I grabbed her gently by her black hair and pulled her head up so that I could look into her eyes.

It was Resa.

She gave me a smile. She was so hot; I couldnt believe Id only screwed her once last night. I pulled her up so I could kiss her mouth. I wanted to feel all over her body. I wanted to lick every inch of her flesh. My left hand moved gently down her back to cup her lovely ass. My right hand worked away at her tits, and I rolled her over so that I could get on top, my mouth moving to suck on her nipples. I rolled her over again and mounted her doggie style like the slut she was. I positioned my tool near her entrance and rubbed it around the engorged flesh, massaging her clit, making her really wet. She started rocking a little, trying to take me inside her. She moaned, and finally I slipped into heaven. She was still well greased from earlier, and I knew she had probably taken Jamie, Ian, Doug, and Kelly each at least once. Normal men might have been bothered by that, but it just turned me on knowing that it was my thick dick shed come back for more of.

I rolled her over and lay on top of her, pressing my naked body against hers, my cock deep inside her. I cherished the feel of her hot pussy gripping my cock. We kissed passionately, loudly, as I began to slide in and out of her slowly. Our lips were smacking and we ere kissing frantically. She moaned into my mouth, running her hands up and down my broad back as I slid my long dick in and out of her hole. I broke the kiss and raised myself up on my arms. I began to fuck her harder, watching her tits jiggle beneath me. She closed her eyes and ran her legs along mine. The bed was loud and it was squeaking to our rhythm as my headboard thumped against the wall. 

Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh, fuck! Oh! she groaned rhythmically, almost drowned out by the loud squeaking of the bed.

It continued to squeak as I drove her into it with my thrusts. She stretched her legs above me, as I continued to piston in and out of her horny cunt. She cried, cumming hard, giving my neighbors a real show. Her wet pussy gripped my naked pole as I fucked her through an intense orgasm. 

Then I slid my thick dick out of her wet pussy and lay on my back. Resa was pretty quick to straddle me. She eagerly grabbed my long cock in her hand and jammed it into her accommodating pussy. She moaned as her hungry twat slid down my pole. 

I grabbed her beautiful ass and helped her bounce up and down on my shaft. Her tits were bouncing in front of my face and I let go of her ass and grabbed her tits. I sucked on her nipples as her pussy gobbled up my cock over and over again. My cock pulled her pink pussy lips out slightly, before shoving them back in, over and over again. She was gasping for breath. The bed was squeaking. 

I was totally enraptured and could no longer contain my lust. I rolled her onto her back and got between her legs, my dick found her pussy and she sucked me right back in. There was just something about this girl. Her lips found mine as I pounded her hard on the bed. She moaned into my mouth, raising her feet in the air. My bed springs were screeching loudly and pounding hard against the wall, drowning out all other sounds.

Slam! Slam! Slam! Slam! Slam! Slam!

Then she was cumming again, moaning in my ear all the way. She was still so tight I wanted to last as long as possible, so for the longest time, whenever I felt myself cumming, I would pull out and wait for the urge to pass. We fucked slowly for minutes and minutes, until well over an hour had passed. But finally my fucking was reaching a crescendo and in a last fit of urgency, I couldnt wait any longer. I pounded her helplessly hard on her bed, jamming my entire cock into her vagina. I moaned cumming hard inside her. A steady river of hot semen shot into her defenseless pussy. After a few minutes, I pulled my dick out of her juicy hole. I held her tightly in my arms as we watched it soften together.

Some time later we fell asleep in each others arms.

When I woke up in the afternoon she was long gone. I hadnt really expected her to stick around. It wasnt really my style and I dont really think it was hers either. I saw her only a couple times after that, but I never had a chance to get with her again.

I heard she transferred to another school.

* * *

Copyright  2001, 2009 by Eagle1. All rights reserved. All characters portrayed in this story are meant to be over the legal age to consent to sexual activity. Any similarity to characters or situations, real or imagined, is purely coincidental. Unless you happened to be there of course. May be reprinted without permission of author in materials distributed free of charge or on websites where there is no fee charged for access, provided this copyright notice is attached.