BACK IN THE SADDLE AGAIN 

At twenty-seven, fresh from MBA school back east and newly married to my childhood sweetheart, I  accepted a job with a firm in Fort Worth, Texas-"Cowtown" they call it. I'd never been west of the Appalachians. My employer was a conglomerate owned by a rancher and businessman named Jefferson McDuff III.     

My darling wife, Sheila, was twenty-five. We began dating when she was only sixteen and I was the only man she had ever been with. She was about five three, with a fabulous body. Her best feature, I thought, was her wonderful ass, which was hard yet soft, jutting and inviting. Her brown hair fell to her shoulders and she had a sweet smile and big brown eyes. Our sex life was good but not great. With some pushing, she would suck my cock and once I had been up her ass once but she really didn't like it. I tried to get her to open up but to no avail. I'd been faithful to her during our relationship except when I was out of town. Out of town, I was on my own and I had scored every time.  

Six weeks after I went to work, Ralph, my boss, told me that Mac, as everyone called Mr. McDuff,  was throwing a barbeque and dance at his ranch. Sheila and I had been invited to go. 

Ralph and his wife, Mary Lou, took Sheila and me shopping on Saturday for western wear. We got boots and shirts, hats and belt buckles, the whole shooting match. Sheila decided on a western blouse and skirt, rather than jeans. 

As we shopped, Sheila's eyes were wide with sexual excitement. I remembered the only sexual fantasy she had mentioned was to be a cowgirl and have the cowboys fuck her until she couldn't walk. I wondered what the party would bring. I had heard McDuff was a wild man with the ladies. In fact, the story was that the husband of a woman who fell into his bed was rewarded by faster promotions and additional compensation unless the husband complained. 

They told the story of a husband who did complain, attacking McDuff when he found him fucking his beautiful young wife. McDuff beat the hell out of the cuckold husband, tied him to a fence post, and let him watch as McDuff, most of the ranch hands, and several company executives, fucked the guy's wife to  oblivion. The guy lost his job and his wife, who stayed on as one of McDuff's girls. 

The day of the big party, Sheila was high was anticipation. I kissed her as she stood in front of the mirror, admiring herself.  

"You seem very excited," I said calmly. 

"Oh, Will, I'm going to a real western dance with real cowboys! Can you imagine! Real cowboys!"

"You're not thinking of fucking a real cowboy, are you?"   

"What do you mean?" she asked wide eyed, trying to hide that she knew exactly what I meant. 

"Are you thinking of committing adultery today with a cowboy?"

"Will...I love you very much..."

"And I love you. Are you going to fuck somebody else today?"

Her expression became unsure, embarrassed. "It's just a fantasy. Nothing will happen. I'm your sweet, loyal, little wife." 

"Baby, relax and enjoy. What happens, happens. Remember, I love you no matter what you do." 

She looked quizzical as if she didn't understand. Then a sexual, demanding look came over her face.

"Are you sure?"

"I'm sure."

"My God, I love you, Will. You're more man and more husband than any woman deserves."

"Just remember you said that," I replied, my eyes steely.

"I'll remember. You remember I love you."

We were dressed and ready at three when Ralph and Mary Lou picked us up. As we waited, Sheila was twirling in front of that mirror. She looked like a wet dream. 

"What are you doing?" I asked innocently.

"I'm not wearing panties. I was trying to see how hard I have to spin before someone could see my pussy."

As we drove to Mac's ranch in their car, Ralph and Mary Lou were happy and talkative. Soon, all four of us were babbling like old friends. 

"I hear McDuff  likes to hustle the ladies," I said in a conversational tone. A knowing glance passed between Ralph and Mary Lou. Sheila quivered.

"You heard right," Ralph said with a hearty laugh, turning to his wife. "He really hustles them, doesn't he, Mary Lou?" 

She turned a beet red and ducked her face in embarrassment. When she looked at us, sexual desire oozed from her. 

"You two need to talk about how to handle things out there," Mary Lou said.

"Handle what?" I asked.

"Handle it when Mac wants to fuck Sheila." 

"We've talked. What happens, happens," Sheila said. She looked at me questioningly. I squeezed her hand and winked. 

"Will, have you heard the stories about the husbands that challenged Mac?" Ralph asked. 

"Yes," I answered. "But I don't believe it."

"Believe it because they're true."

"Believe what?" Sheila asked.

"Believe that Mac takes the wife away from her husband," Ralph replied. Sheila had the expression she gets when a cock is nudging her pussy, ready to enter. Ralph continued, "It's happened three times. Each time Mac fucked the guy's wife while the guy watched, and took the wife away. Mac kept one. Her name is Sue Ann and you'll meet her tonight. One decided to turn pro and is the biggest madam in Fort Worth. And the third was given by McDuff to a young man as a bonus for pulling off a big deal." 

"When do we meet her?" Sheila asked.

"You already have," Ralph said as he looked at  his wife. Mary Lou's blush was quickly followed by a slutty grin that made my cock stiffen. 

I pulled Sheila to me and kissed her hard. Her legs flew open as I slipped my hand over her bare thighs to stoke her naked, dripping pussy. It was then I noticed she had shaved her bush. Yes, tonight would be interesting. 

You might ask why a man would actually encourage his wife to fuck around. First, there was no way in hell I could stop her because her subconscious was driving her to do it. I knew I could fight it and lose, or relax and go with the flow. Anyway, I wanted her to be more sexually open. This was a good way to do it. As a bonus, it could help me in my career and give me some opportunities to play around. All in all it seemed like a good deal. By the time, the night was over I would realize what a good deal it really was. 

When we arrived at the ranch, probably fifty to sixty cars were parked in a field. We walked toward the sound of a country band and the smell of barbeque. Ralph and I left the woman talking to another couple as he led me toward a group where a big man was holding court. 

"Mac, this is Will Warren," Ralph said in introduction. 

"Howdy, Will. I've looked forward to meeting you," Mac said, extending his hand. 

Mac McDuff was a commanding and dominant man as his handshake testified. Picture the Marlboro Man but bigger-six four, two hundred fifty pounds of pure muscle-stronger, more handsome, and more rugged with cold gray eyes that could twinkle when he wanted them to. The Marlboro Man was  a pretty boy model. Mac was the real thing. He had made a billion dollars starting as a high school drop out when he was fourteen. He was brilliant and ruthless. 

I was glad I had paved the way for him and my wife. He fit her fantasies like a piece of a jigsaw puzzle.  

"Will, Ralph here tells me you know I'm gonna fuck your wife and maybe share her with some of the boys. Are you okay with that?" 

Brutally blunt as I expected. "Yes, Mr. McDuff," I replied.

His eyes softened. "You'll go far, Will. Do you want to watch when I break her or let her tell you about it later?" 

"I'd like to watch," I said. 

"Done deal. Now, you boys have a drink and enjoy the party. Oh, and Will, call me Mac. All my close friends do."  

He turned back to the guys he was talking to. We rejoined our wives.  

"Where were you?" Sheila whispered to me.

"We were talking to Mac." She said nothing but her expression said volumes. I kissed her. "I gave my blessings to him fucking you." 

She shivered and her legs got weak, like she orgasmed just from the thought of it. 

The next hour or so, we visited, just like any other party. The crowd was key people from the company I worked for, important clients, key personnel from the ranch or one of Mac's other companies and other friends of his. Sheila had three drinks, which was a lot for her. Then Ralph pulled me aside.

"Mac's ready for Sheila. Do you want a woman while he does her?"

"That'd be nice," I said. My blood pressure soared as my heart pounded like a steam hammer. 

"You can have Sue Ann, Molly, or Mary Lou. I suggest Sue Ann. Molly's drunk and you can have Mary Lou any time. Just ask me."  

"Sue Ann it is," I replied. 

"I'll get her," he said. "Remember, she's likes a dominant man." 

Ralph returned in just a minute with an adorable little blonde about five feet tall with an hourglass figure and  huge tits. She had blonde hair to her waist pulled back in the longest ponytail, big dimples, a pert nose, and pouty lips. 

"Hi, cowboy," she giggled when we were introduced. 

I yanked her into my arms and kissed her hard with my hand on her ass. She yielded and thrust her crotch against mine. 

"Wow! If you fuck like you kiss, I'm going to have a fun time," she said. 

Over Sue Ann's shoulder, I saw Sheila staring at me with a funny little smile. She knew her fun was about to begin. I motioned to her to come over and introduced her to Sue Ann.  

"I'll be fucking Sue Ann while Mac is fucking you," I said in an unemotional, conversational tone. 

"Will, I didn't expect you to...well, I mean, I didn't think you'd be having someone else, but, Will..."

Sue Ann snickered. "Honey, no cowboy... no real cowboy...is going to let another cowboy fuck his heifer without some kind of comeback. I'm one of Mac's girls and your husband gets me while Mac gets you."

Suddenly, Mac was standing beside us. When Sheila looked up at him, her eyes glazed over like a deer in headlights, dazed and frozen. Sweat broke out on her chin. Mac crushed her against him and kissed her as his hand wandered under her skirt. We all were mesmerized by the sexual dance taking place between Mac and my wife as he kissed her and played with her ass and pussy for probably a minute or two. The crowd quieted and waited for what would happen next. 

Mac broke the kiss and Sheila weaved like a drunk. She never looked away from him as he unbuttoned her blouse, freeing her beautiful breasts, and threw the blouse aside. She hadn't moved, not even blinked, as he stripped her to the waist. He unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the ground. She was naked except for  cowboy boots. When Mac caressed her breasts with both hands, Sheila began whimpering. 

To my knowledge only I had seen Sheila naked before this moment. Now, two hundred people were staring at her bounty. She wasn't embarrassed. Hell, she was the hottest and horniest little slut I'd ever seen. Everyone could see, and smell, her love juice running down her thighs, coating them from crotch to knee. 

Mac put a leather collar around her neck, fastened it, attached a leash, turned, and walked away. Sheila followed after him like a heifer on a halter, her hips swaying sexually. That little heifer was looking forward to being bred. 

"Come on, cowboy," Sue Ann said, pulling me with her. 

"Where are we going?" I asked. 

"To the breeding barn."

The barn was a new, metal building with excellent lighting. There were stalls, tack hanging from the walls, all of the things you would expect on a working ranch plus some items that appeared to be designed for woman rather than cattle. There were horses in some of the stalls. A couple of cowboys rolled a leather covered bench into the middle of the barn and locked the wheels down to keep it in place. The bench had built in restraints. 

My hand wandered under Sue Ann's skirt. She was cooperative, spreading her legs to let me play with her pussy. As my hand wandered over her ass, I felt something and traced it with my hand. Sue Ann smiled up at me.

"It's a brand," she said.

"I beg your pardon?"

"You know, a brand. A good cowboy always brands his stock so everyone knows that heifer belongs to him."

"All of Mac's women are branded?" I gasped. 

"All the keepers anyway. The ones he plans to trade or sell are still unbranded. The other cowboys brand their heifers, too."  

She acted like it was an everyday, ordinary occurrence, but I'd never considered it. I felt sure Sheila wouldn't want to be branded because it's supposed to hurt like hell. I had to see Sue Ann's brand, and, as if she read my mind, she raised her skirt to show me.

It was the letter M laying on its side. That clicked in my head. Lazy M Enterprises was my employer. Lazy M. His brand. 

When I looked back, Mac was tugging Sheila up on the bench by her leash, leading her as he would a heifer. I realized he'd never spoken to her. He rolled her over on her back. 

Sheila's eyes were still glazed, her expression complete sexual desire and submission as he brought her hands over her head and bound them to the table. He attached the leash, holding her head flat. He brought her legs up, bent, and bound them. She was now secure, her ass hanging out in mid air, legs up and open, pussy ready and available. You could see her pussy juice oozing from her, literally running down her ass crack. 

When Mac dropped his jeans, his huge cock fell out. He looked around the room and smiled at a young woman. She looked up at her husband who nodded. She ran to Mac, fell to her knees, and sucked his cock in her mouth. With everyone else in the room, I watched it grow. 

One reason I didn't mind my wife fucking around is that I have a big cock-about eight and a half inches long and nice and thick. I always felt if Sheila did experience another man's cock, she would realize how good she had it with me. 

But I was a midget compared to Mac. Hell! Those stallions in the stalls were midgets compared to Mac. I was sorry I had agreed but it was too late. Everyone could see his monster. Everyone but Sheila. She had no idea what was about to be shoved up her sweet pussy. Even as lubricated as she was, I hoped she would be all right. 

Mac patted the girl sucking his cock on the head. She popped him out of her distended mouth, smiled, and ran back to her husband. Mac lodged the tip of his monster in Sheila's fuck hole. He shuffled his feet to adjust the angle and grabbed her thighs for leverage. He slammed that monster in her with one hard thrust.

"Goddddd...Yessssssssss," she screamed. Sheila's back arched and her legs pulsated like she'd received an electric charge. I'd never seen her orgasm that strongly but her desire had been building all day. She was bouncing on the table, squirming, out of control in orgasm. Sue Ann dropped to her knees and pulled out my erection. Her mouth was warm, her tongue active, as she sucked my cock, but, I never took my eyes off my wife.

Mac was not moving, letting Sheila do all the fucking, but Sheila wanted to be pounded.

"Don't tease me! Fuck me! I need you to fuck me...fuck me...fuck me..." Her voice drifted off into a sob. Mac slowly pulled out, then back in, back and forth, making Sheila howl like a cat in heat.

Then, the damnedest thing happened. Mac started to sing as he rammed that monster cock rhythmically in my wife's cunt.

"I'm back in the saddle again. Out west, where a woman is to please. 
Where the women on their knees, for my big cock they do plead. 
Back in the saddle again." 

The crowd had heard this one before. They joined in the chorus. 

"Whoopie, ti, yi, ya. I make it last all day. Back in the saddle again. 
Whoopie, ti, yi, yo, fucking fast or slow. Back in the saddle again." 

My cock twitched. I jammed both hands in Sue Ann's hair to hold her head and fucked her face. That little girl deep throated me, but when the pump started and the flood gates opened, she sucked the head as I came a bucket in her mouth. She grabbed my legs to support me as I almost collapsed, my orgasm was so strong. 

Mac's huge cock and steady rhythm made Sheila rigid and quivering all over in continual orgasmic spasms leading to the most mind blowing orgasm ever. She was covered in her sweat, and-as they say in Texas-as red as a new borne Hereford.

"I'm back in the saddle again. Where a heifer's a cowboy's best friend.
Where you're never alone, with a heifer on your bone.
Back in the saddle again."

Even I joined in the chorus this time, as I began to remove Sue Ann's blouse. 

"Whoopie, ti, yi, ya. I make it last all day. Back in the saddle again. 
Whoopie, ti, yi, yo, fucking fast or slow. Back in the saddle again."

"God, Mac... Please...Please fuck me harder! I need it harder!"

My little wife was begging him to slam her even more, but Mac stopped, pulling back so only about two inches of cock plugged her pussy. She tried to get his cock deeper in her but her bondage kept her stooped her and that drove her even crazier. 

"Please...Please let me cum! I'll do anything!"

"Slut, I want you to belong to me."  

"Yes!" 

"I want to brand you."  

"Yes! Anything!" 

"What do you want?" he asked. 

"I want to be your heifer...your slut...and wear your brand...Lead me naked through the streets of Fort Worth...Show the world you own me... But...Please...Fuck...Me."

"Eeeeyahhhooooo," he bellowed as he began fucking her as hard and as fast as he could, driving his whole cock in her cunt. You could see his cock head push her belly out on the in strokes. If he'd worn spurs, he would be digging them into her, riding hell for leather. 

Sheila's scream started like a train whistle a long way off, getting louder and louder as her skin got redder and redder and her back slowly arched until only her heels and shoulders touched the table. 

"Yesssssssss!!" she screamed, sounding like a banshee from hell. 

Sheila passed out and Mac stopped with a big, shit-eating grin on his face. There was a sucking sound as he pulled his cock out of her. The place was as quiet as a tomb as Mac surveyed his sex-crazed audience.     

"All right, cowboys. Let's breed this heifer," he said.  

Someone threw a bucket of water on Sheila and she aroused with a squeal only to jerk in orgasm again. A man and his wife ran to Mac's side where the man slammed himself in Sheila. Mac pushed the wife to her  knees, jammed his cock in her mouth, and, in a moment, started filling her like a grain truck filling a silo: a constant and heavy steam of matter. She must've swallowed ten times. 

A line was forming to fuck my wife. It was a long, long line. Immediately, everyone in the place was naked and fucking. There seemed to be no rules except fuck as much as you wanted. I did it with eleven women  before I collapsed in a corner. 

As I watched the others, I estimated eighty of the hundred women there were branded. I noticed many different brands, although almost half of the branded women, such as Sue Ann and Mary Lou, wore Mac's Lazy M. I also observed various other decorations such as nipple or pussy rings, some tattoos, ankle chains, and the like. It was an interesting and well decorated group.

A couple of hours later, we were all outside under the beautiful, clear sky, eating barbeque and drinking beer. Those who wanted to be naked were naked but some people had redressed. I was enjoying feeling the cool, dry air on my naked body. Mac came toward me with Sheila, naked except for her boots, following him, and her leash in his hand. 

"Hay, Will. Y'all watch my new heifer while I take a piss," Mac said with a big grin. I took the leash and looked down at the woman I married. 

"Are you all right?" she asked softly. 

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I obviously enjoyed him fucking me. I agreed to belong to him, to be his slut, to let him brand me."

"You were trying to orgasm. Those promises don't mean anything."

"Yes, they do," she said fiercely. "I am his slut. He is going to brand me. Oh, Will, part of me will always belong to you, but most of me belongs to Mac as of tonight. You're going to have to be content with what little part of me Mac lets you have," she continued, acting haughty and self righteous. 

"You mean you're Mac's woman now? Just like that?" I snapped my fingers.

"Yes, I am." She looked smug. 

That really pissed me off! Nastily, I pulled off her diamond engagement and wedding rings and jammed them in my pocket. "Since these don't mean anything, I'll take them back." 

Her lower lip quivered and tears formed. "Will..."

"Consider yourself divorced, slut!"

Sheila and I were playing war games with our eyes when I saw Ralph motion to me. As I walked towards him,  Sheila followed since I was holding her leash.  

"Mac wants to see you in the barn," he said. He winked at me. I trudged to the barn, ignoring Mac's new slut who was making little whiny noises as she followed me. 

Mac was over in the corner talking to a group of five women. When he saw us, he had the woman stand up  against the wall, side by side. Each of the women was different but attractive. All were naked and had shaved pussies.  

"Slut, get up there with them," he said to Sheila. 

She gave him a funny look and hesitated. He had a quirt in his hand which he flicked against her thighs. She squealed and hurriedly complied, rubbing her red leg where the quirt caught her. 

"Now, Will," he said, putting his arm around my shoulder, "We're men of the world. More importantly, we're cowboys, so we understand livestock management."

"I understand you're stealing my wife," I said. 

He glowered at me with icy gray eyes as his hand crushed my shoulder.

"Will," he said very softly and very menacingly, "Here in Texas, we don't accuse another cowboy of  rustling... not unless we're ready to defend our accusations with our lives, because more than one cowboy died from making a false accusation. You didn't mean to say I'm a rustler, did you?"

"No. You aren't a rustler..." 

He slapped me on the back real friendly like. "Good. Now, a cowboy needs to build a large herd if he's to be successful. You've got one very nice little heifer but you have only one. To help a good ole boy like you, I'm willing to trade you any two of these other heifers for her. Of course, it's your decision. If you want to keep the one you have, you can, but I recommend making this trade, son. I know ranchin' and I know livestock." 

I looked at the six women standing there. Sheila's mouth hung open, her disbelief obvious. I guessed she'd expected me to always be there in case she changed her mind and wanted to come back. The other five wanted to be selected. 

"Obviously," Mac continued, "The more heifers you own, the more feed you need. These others work and  earn their own feed. And they work sitting down, not laying back. Your heifer don't earn her own feed. Plus that, if we reach a trade, a nice little pay increase is yours from the company."

"Can I have a couple of hours to examine them?" I asked. 

"She-it! Take all night." 

He slapped me on the back, grabbed Sheila's leash, and walked away. Sheila looked back at me with a sad, questioning expression. 

One by one I started talking to the women, I mean, heifers. I knew all of them would be good fucks so I was interested in finding the right chemistry. None of them had the body Sheila did but all of them were nice indeed. I noticed all five were unbranded and knew they were part of Mac's herd he was willing to trade. I talked to each, taking my time, playing with their tits and their pussies. By the time I was finished, five beautiful women were dripping down their legs and begging me to fuck them. 

I made my decision. I was going to take Ida, who was the least attractive of the five but still very good looking. She had a good mind, a positive nature, and a heart of gold. And I took Yvonne, a dark haired, black eyed, exotic looking, half Chinese and half Greek mixture that made my cock stiff every time she smiled.

Attaching them to each other by their leashes, I led them out of the barn like some disjointed ten-legged centipede.

Sheila was on all fours with Mac's cock buried in her ass. Him penetrating her back hole must've been the screaming we heard when we were in the barn. I'd thought someone was wringing a cat's neck. We  joined the crowd watching my boss stretch my wife's asshole to its limits. She wore that look of total sexual happiness and surrender again. 

Once again, Mac started to sing. 

"I'm back in the saddle again. Fuckin' all the heifers' rear ends.
When I fuck them up the ass, their smile forever lasts.
Back in the saddle again."

And we all joined in. 

"Whoopie, ti, yi, ya. I make it last all day. Back in the saddle again. 
Whoopie, ti, yi, yo, fucking fast or slow. Back in the saddle again."

I guessed Sheila came at least twice before he jerked his cock out of her dark hole, turned her around, jammed his cock in her mouth, and filled her up. When she gagged from her own shit and pushed him away, he whipped that quirt across her breasts. Her mouth flew open and her tongue came out. When she had swallowed it all and cleaned his cock to his satisfaction, he wiped his cock in her hair. He left her sitting on her sore ass, wiping his cum and specks of her shit from her lips. 

"Well, Will, my boy, whadju decide?" he asked. 

I could see Sheila behind him. She mouthed, "Please let me stay with you." Remember, only a few hours ago she told me she belonged to Mac, not me. 

How things do change!

"You're right, Mac. I need at least two heifers. I'll take Ida and Yvonne and call it square."  

"Damn good choices, Will. I can see you're a good judge of livestock. I like that in my business people. People who can judge livestock can usually make good money in business. Let's go cinch the deal." 

I separated Ida and Yvonne from the others, and tied their leashes to a hitching post. As Mac tied Sheila to the same post, she reached for me. Mac flicked that quirt again, catching Sheila across her ass. She squealed and rubbed the red line.  

"You belong to me, slut! Keep your hands off other cowboys without my permission!" 

His voice was cold and uncompromising. Sheila's tears began to roll. As Sheila cried, I kissed Ida and  Yvonne long and hard, playing with their pussies as she watched. They both begged me to fuck them, which made Sheila cry even more. 

Revenge is sweet!

Mac and I went into the office he maintained off the barn. "You know Sheila really wants to stay with you," he said evenly, a soft, gentle look in his eyes. 

"Yes, I know. I want to keep her, too. I really do love her, but she said she belonged to you. If I do keep her, it'll be on my terms." 

He laughed a good, hearty deep laugh, but he had a gleam in his eye. "I like the hell out of you. I want you to keep her, but you're right as rain. You do need to teach her a lesson. Tell you what I'll do. I'll give you Ida so you can have two of them. Another heifer competing for your attention all the time should keep your little slut on her toes." 

He chuckled. "I see you took back her wedding ring. Keep it. Brand her instead. I took the liberty of having my foreman make a brand for you. I had a feeling something like this might come up."

He handed me a long piece of iron, one end bent round to form a handle, the other with my brand. It was a "WW." 

"I wanted to give you running Ws but that's used. You can call your brand 'Twin Doubleyous.' My people will register it with the Livestock Association in the morning." 

I was stunned by his generosity and thanked him profusely. 

"Shucks, it's nothing," he said. "Now come on. Let's finish breaking that slut wife of yours"  

Sheila saw us coming, released her leash from the hitching post, and ran towards us. Mac grabbed her arms, threw her over another hitching post, and wrapped her leash around her ankles, tying her over the hitching post with her ass up in the air.

"Gather round, cowboys!" Mac yelled. 

We quickly had a crowd. I had motioned for Ida and Yvonne to release themselves and join me. I had one on each side, my arms around them. They were pressed against me as hard as they could.

"Any of you slut heifers want to tell me why this one is going to get whipped?" Mac asked the crowd. He looked around and several hands shot in the air.

"Darlene?" he said, pointing to a tall, beautiful woman who was holding tightly to a short, ugly man.

"You tied her to a hitching post and she released herself without permission."

"Right!" Mac proclaimed. He turned to Sheila. "Understand, little slut?" he asked menacingly. 

She sobbed out, "Yes." She looked at me with a face so pitiful I wanted to pull her into my arms and comfort her, but that wouldn't do. "Will? Please," she sobbed. Mac looked at me and winked.

"You wanted to belong to Mac. To be his slut. Wear his brand. You got your wish. You're his now and I would never interfere with another man's ranching. It just isn't done," I said.  

"Ida, how many do you think she should get?" Mac asked. 

Ida looked at me, then at Mac long and hard. "Just one, Mac. She didn't know the rule," she said softly.

"You're a good woman, Ida, a fair woman," he replied. "I may've been mistaken trading you to Will, but a deal is a deal. All right. One it is."  

Mac pulled back that quirt and laid it across Sheila ass and thighs. She screamed as her whole backside burst into the colors of a western sunset. She was sobbing uncontrollably as he released her.

"Rub it and you get another," Mac told her. Her eyes got big as she fought to keep her hands away from her burning ass.

The crowd broke up. Obviously, all the heifers had been required to watch so they'd remember that punishment when it was needed was part of a heifer's life. I saw Sheila ask Mac for permission to talk to me. 

Her face was sad, eyes swollen and red from crying, but her voice was eager when she said, "I don't want to belong to Mac. I want to belong to you, Will. You're my husband." 

"You came here tonight to fuck Mac and to give yourself to him. You gave yourself to him much more than you ever gave yourself to me. You got what you wanted. Now, I'm going to get what I want-two wild, wonderful, sexual, women who care for me. Anyway, I divorced you. Remember?"  

"Keep me. Oh, please, keep me. I can be wild and wonderful. I will be. From now on. I promise, Will!"

"No, Sheila. I'm happy with Yvonne and Ida. Don't worry. We'll see each other at the company picnics."

I walked away, leaving her alone with her tears. About ten minutes later, I saw her talking to Mac. I watched them until he motioned for me to join them. 

"Cowboy, let's cut a deal. This little slut heifer really wants to be with you. She's eager and willing to do this trade, aren't you, girl?" 

Sheila, wiping tears away,  nodded her head eagerly as if she were desperate for me to accept it. 

Mac continued, "Will, you get Sheila and Ida. I get Sheila two nights and Ida three nights a month. I keep Yvonne, but when I take one of yours, you can have Yvonne or one of my other heifers."    

"Well, Mac. You know livestock better than I do, but this heifer-I pointed to Sheila-has been real difficult. She may not be trainable. Anyway, Yvonne loves to get down and suckle a cowboy's short leg." 

Sheila dropped to her knees and began sucking on my cock. Mac winked at me. 

"True, she has been difficult," Mac said. "But I think Sheila here now understands the difference between a  regular, Yankee-type slut who fucks whoever she wants, and a good ole' Texas slut heifer, who knows who her cowboy is and stays within his fence line." Mac threw his arm around me. "She-it! Let's grab a cold one and talk some more."  

My cock popped out of Sheila's mouth when I turned. As we walked away, my erection pointed us toward the beer. I heard Sheila clomping after us with Ida and Yvonne tagging along behind her. Mac and I were popping some Lone Star Beer when they joined us. 

Sheila looked up at me and begged, "Please, Will. Take me back."  

I pointed to the ground. She dropped to her knees but Yvonne was already on her knees with my cock in her hand. Sheila pushed her aside and started sucking again.

"You know why we brand these heifers, Will?" Mac asked. 

Sheila stopped moving. I knew she was listening intently. 

"No. Why?" I replied.

"Nobody pays attention to those damn wedding rings the women like to show off. Hell, some cowboys think a wedding ring is a 'fuck me' sign. But a brand means any cowboy who moves in on your heifer is rustling. In Texas, we hang rustlers. So, if they grab your heifer and see a registered brand, they think twice about breeding her."

"Interesting, but doesn't the branding hurt her?"

"She-it. It hurts like all bloody hell. That's why it's good for 'em. Makes 'em remember who their cowboy is." Sheila trembled at my feet. Mac continued, "And if a branded heifer is caught with another cowboy without her owner's permission...Phew. I hate to tell you the punishment she gets. It makes me shiver just thinking about it!"

It made Sheila shiver, too. Ida and Yvonne were still as church mice, their eyes big and frightened. 

We walked away again. By now, I wanted to cum real badly but I was not finished breaking Sheila. She scurried after us again. This time, she knelt and sucked me in without instruction. Mac mouthed, "Fuck her face," as he handed me the quirt he always carried.

I put both hands on Sheila's head and jammed my cock against the back of her throat. When her eyes watered, she raised her hands to stop me. I brought the quirt down hard on her back. She squealed around my cock and dropped her hands to her side. I jammed again and again. Then, she swallowed as I jammed. For the first time, she was deep-throating me. 

"Maybe this heifer is trainable after all," I said. 

I fired a huge load in Sheila's mouth before pulling out to let some hit her face and hair. I wiped it all over her face. She looked up at me as if I were a god.

"Wear it," I ordered.

"I want to wear your cum on my face, Will. See! I'm trainable. And, Will, I really want you to train me. You, Will. No one else."

She started to stand but I put my hand on her head. She wrapped her arms around my leg, leaning against my legs and staying at my feet. 

"Another beer?" Mac asked.

"No. Let's finish our cattle trade. I'll agree on one condition. I want both my heifers branded."

"Will, you understand once you brand a heifer you can't let her go except under real queer circumstances. I mean, it's like a wedding ring used to be-forever."

"I know. I want it to be forever, Mac." A thought hit me. "I can handle two heifers," I said. 

"Cowboy, I never doubted that for a minute," he said with a smile.

"Stand up, Sheila," I ordered, helping her to her feet.

"Do you understand what I just said? You will be a branded heifer and I will have two of you."

She nodded but that lower lip quivered again. 

"I expect you to behave like a branded heifer and not some slutty wife. The next time you tell me you belong to someone else will be the last time. Understand?"

"Do you still love me as much as you ever did?" she asked, her face sad, her red and swollen eyes burning into mine. 

"More, Sheila. I love you more than I did. I want to spend the rest of my life with you, but you wanted a cowboy, not a husband. I'll be that cowboy and you'll be my branded heifer."

She put her arms around me and buried her head in my chest. "Okay. Brand me. And brand Ida, too. I want  my cowboy to be happy."

In the movies, cattle are roped, tied up, and held down by cowboys to brand them. On the ranch, technology has made advancements just as it has everywhere in life. A branding chute is used, which is essentially a cage with four moveable walls and ports front and back. The heifer is led in the cage, the walls moved to hold the heifer totally still with the head out one end and butt available through the other end. 

Mac had a branding cage made for the human heifers he branded. Sheila had tears in her eyes when she crawled in it. The front of the cage fit around her head holding in place. Her arms were pulled through the front and secured. A box in the cage supported her torso and was flush against the front of her thighs. The top and sides moved in to secure her. The back shoved her legs tight against the box. Her ass hung out invitingly. 

I wanted to fuck her rear end as it hung out there but I controlled myself, playing with her pussy and ass just to tease her.

I was proudly showing off my new, registered brand when Mac took the iron and placed it in the coals, getting it glowing hot. Sheila started to struggle as a cowboy gagged her but her struggles were in vain. I asked Mac to do the actual branding since I had never done it. 

The "WW" brand was put on her ass where a full bottomed bikini would cover it but a French bottomed or thong bikini would show it. Sheila's scream was loud and clear even with the gag. She passed out. Ida was branded next. After the brands cooled and they had regained consciousness, I took my two branded heifers home.

At first, Sheila resisted some at her new role as one of two heifers in my herd, but she learned, with my help, to accept the new facts of our lives. I knew she had accepted the idea completely when she took me aside to tell me Ida was feeling neglected and I needed to spend a little more time with her. 

"May I have my rings back?" Sheila asked one day. 

I saw Ida watching me intently. Cowboys need to treat their heifers fairly. I ignored the question but went to the jewelry store and bought what I needed. Ida and Sheila had just finished the dishes that night when I called them into the den. They both knelt at my feet. 

"Little heifers, I want both of you to have these diamond rings," I said. 

I put Sheila's engagement ring back on her hand. Then I put an identical one on Ida's hand. Ida was ecstatic. I was surprised Sheila didn't object to Ida having one, but she seemed truly glad to have her own and to share me with Ida. 

"I want each of you to have a wedding ring." They both smiled and hugged me. "But I want you to wear it on your pussy."

I led them to the bedroom where I had set up a mini-surgery. Each in turn, I rubbed alcohol on their clitoris' hood, punctured it, and slipped a tiny gold ring through the hole. I hung a wedding ring from the attachment ring.

"Consider yourselves married, ladies," I said.  

***

A year later, Mac and I were fucking and drinking buddies. I had several great promotions and my career was flying. 

One day, I came home to find Sheila and Ida sixty-nining on the floor of the living room. That wasn't unusual. They had become good friends and lovers. I undressed and got on the floor with them.

"What's new?" I asked, stroking my cock as they both rested after their orgasms. 

Sheila jammed my cock down her throat, her eyes happily smiling up at me. Ida kissed and played with me as Sheila deep throated contentedly. After I came in Sheila's mouth and she swallowed, the two heifers gave each other a knowing look. 

"What's the biggest possible surprise we could give you?" Ida asked. 

I gestured I didn't know.

"We're both pregnant!" They giggled and laughed like school girls. 

I smiled at them, wondering if I was the father, if Mac was or if we had spilt them. I'd know in nine months. 

As I stroked the Twin Doubleyous on Sheila's ass and felt Ida's gentle caress of my balls, that melody ran through my head and these words just popped out with it.

"I'm back in the saddle again. Out where a man is a man.
Why have only one wife, two heifers make a happy life.
Back in the saddle again."

Yahooo. Ride 'em, cowboy. 
 
The End
