Dad's Randy 5 (incest, m/b)


(Author's note:  Thanks for all your comments and suggestions. I have decided to
continue the story but for how long is unknown. As the saying goes "Keep those cards and letters coming!")

tylerthane@yahoo.com



Chapter 16

The next few weeks were a blur. Dad was involved in the investigation of Rick and his activities. Rick had been arrested and Ricky had been placed in a temporary foster home.  My arm had healed and the cast had been taken off. I would see Ricky around school but as I approached, he turned quickly walked away. Each time I saw him, something in me wanted to grab him and hold on to him for dear life. Dad and I talked about this a lot. He said that it not lust, but love and that one's first love was the toughest to get over. 

As for me and dad, there seemed to be a non verbal understand that there would be no sex between us.  Or relationship had changed so that I tell him things that I would have never considered telling anyone and he would listen, make a comment or two. When I was done, he would wrap me in his arms and hold me. I always felt safe and warm.

What I didn't tell him was that I wanted him to fuck me one more time. I ached to feel his cock in my mouth and ass. Most nights before I fell asleep, I would silently beat off to images of him; His broad chest and flat stomach but most of all his hard cock. When I came, I would lick my hands clean imagining that it was his come. 

Finally, I couldnt stand it any more. I needed him one last time. I lay in bed waiting for him to go to sleep. I heard him using the bathroom and get into bed. I waited until I heard him snoring and crept out of bed and into his room. He was lying on his back. His muscled chest exposed where the covers had been thrown off. I got hard at the sight of him. Sneaking to the bed, I pulled the remaining covers off him. Seeing him naked, made the lust in me, want to jump on him and ram his cock into me. He had been working out with a vengeance lately and it had showed. I could see his abs more clearly defined and his thighs were thicker than I remembered. He must have been dreaming about someone as his hard cock lay against his stomach. I could feel myself leaking. Kneeling at the side of the bed, I leaned down and licked the object of my desire. He let out a moan but didn't change position. Encouraged, I took the head of his cock into my mouth, savoring the taste of him. Ever so slowly, I ate more and more of him until he was fully in my mouth and down my throat. I was in heaven. I was ecstatic to taste his hardness again. Lovingly, I sucked him in and out of my mouth using long strokes. He was moaning and his hips moved in unison with my mouth. I picked up speed. With each down suck I forced his pole deep into throat. I was so hot, my anus spasm. I was truly randy. I wanted him to fill me, to spill his seed in me. I let him fall out of my mouth and I delicately moved to straddle him. Taking his pulsing member in my hand, I aimed it at my asshole. As the head touched my hole, I came, spurting my boy goo all over his chest. 

"What the fuck" he cried rising up, His sudden movement forced me off of him and onto the bed beside him. I curled up in a ball and started crying. Pulling me to him, he wrapped his strong arms around me asking me what I was doing. In between cries and sniffles, I told him that I wanted him to fuck me one more time.  I needed to feel him in me, fucking me, filling me with his hard cock. As I talked, he just rocked me back and forth. When I was done, he told me that he wanted me as much as I wanted him. Every day was a struggle to control his desires to cart me off to bed. My heart soared and so did my cock.

Laying me down on the bed, he kissed me. His tongue darting into my mouth. I responded by trying to capture it. Breaking the kiss, he kissed his way down to my nipples. He nursed on my tit like a baby. His hand had found my boy cock and stroked me, my hips responding to his touch. Releasing my tit, he continued to kiss his way downward across my stomach and finally to my cock. He engulfed me fully. I felt my cock hit the back of mouth then go down his throat. As he sucked me, his finger found my asshole.  Gently, his finger entered me which caused me to thrust even deeper into his throat.  I was so hot! I couldn't take it anymore, I had to have him. "DADDY, PLEASE, DADDY I NEED YOUR COCK, FUCK ME, PLEASE DADDY!" He needed no more encouragement. As he got into position, I had pulled my legs up to my chest,
exposing my hole to him. "Randy's randy" he chuckled. Licking two fingers he pushed them into me and fingerfucked me. "YOU'RE COCK DADDY, NOT YOUR FINGERS, I NEED YOUR COCK."  I screamed. Dont want to fuck you dry, baby was his only response. Even though, his fingers weren't his cock, I was responding. My hips moved to meet his fingers. I was panting and the now familiar pressure was building in my brain. 

When he removed his fingers, I just pulled my legs tighter to my chest. He was going to fuck me and I was panting like a bitch in heat. I couldn't wait for him to slide his man cock up ass.  It seemed like an eternity before I felt the head of his cock touch my hole. I moved my hips trying to force him into me. Then he thrust! His cock slid all the way into me. He didn't move and neither did I. I just lay there basking in the feeling of him filling me. He must have had similar thought because he just moaned "Oh, baby, I missed you" I opened my eyes to him looming above me. His eyes were closed and I could tell he was reveling in the same feeling. Looking at his chest and stomach, I saw the outline of every muscle. Then he began to fuck me. I let go of my legs and wrapped them around his waist. Grabbing his arms, I fucked him back, my hips rising to meet his thrusts. 

I was in the zone again. It was just my hole and his cock. As he pounded into me, I tighten my anus around his blood engorged weapon. My hole, his cock, my universe. I kept kicking him with my legs trying to make him fuck me harder. I wanted to be pounded and pounded and pounded and he obliged. I never felt so full.  His hard pole was ramming into me over and over again and I still couldn't get enough!


"DADDY, FUCK ME, IT FEELS SO GOOD! DEEPER DADDY, DEEPER!" I screamed at the top of my lungs. I reached up and started to play with his nipples. I pulled and pinched them which caused him to fuck me even harder. His hips become pistons, driving into me like a locomotive. I continued my nipple play only getting rougher. This really turned him into a crazy man. He was fucking me so hard that my head was hitting the wall. I didn't care. My daddy was fucking me and I couldn't get enough. I wanted him to fuck me forever!

The now familiar pressure in my head was unbearable. I was again delirious with lust. I felt like my brain was being squished to a peanut to make room for the pressure but I wanted more! The pressure continued to build with every pounding of my daddy's cock. Finally, I couldn't take anymore and I yelled "OH DADDY" grabbing him around the shoulders pulling him to me. My boy cock spewed its juices between us and my hips thrust up and down like I had been shocked with an electrode. My cock continued spitting my seed when he raised his head and moaned, shooting his man juices into me. I could feel it coat my innards and a warm glow filled my body. He jerked into me a more times then collapsed onto me. We lay there in silence; the only sound was our heavy breathing. I still had my legs and arms wrapped around him. I never wanted to move. After a few minutes, he fell out of me. Releasing him from my grip, he kissed me and rolled off, exhausted. I lay there, feeling the joy of just being fucked, his juices dripping out of my hole.

"You should get back to bed" he said. My only response was to move my head to his waist and say "Goodnight, daddy, I love you" Without waiting for a response, I took his limp penis in my mouth, not sucking it, but just holding it in my mouth. I knew that this would not be that last time he fucked me. I smiled around his cock and fell asleep.

The next morning I woke alone in dad's bed. Looking at the clock, if I didn't hurry, I would be late for school. I would have to skip my morning shower making me smile as I didn't want to wash dads dried cum off me. I threw on some clothes and hurried to the kitchen. When dad saw me, he turned, holding out his arms and I rushed into them. He hugged me to him and kissed me. 
Over a quick breakfast, he told me that he had cancelled his membership at his current health club and joined another, signing me up too. He expected me to go with him. I happily agreed. 


Chapter 17

More weeks went by, the hubbub over Rick, which had now circulated around town had calmed down. Every night, Dad and I went to the gym where he instructed me. I could see that my body was responding. When I looked in the mirror I could began to see the results of my hard work. The fat was turning into muscle and I could see the beginning of the outlines of my stomach muscles. I had taken to sleeping with Dad. Most night we just slept curled up in each others arms but some nights I would suck his man cock until he shot his load down my throat or he fucked me filling me with his man cream.

 I was feeling physically better but I still longed for Ricky. At school he still avoided me. Every time I saw him, my heart ached. I had made friends with the other boys in the club as they were in a class or two. We would have lunch together but I never saw them outside of school. 

One night, we had just sat down to dinner when the doorbell rang. Dad and I looked at each other wondering who it could be. I got up and answered the door. Upon opening it, I got the shock of my life! Ricky was standing there, a suitcase at his side. His head down in typical Ricky fashion. His long unkempt hair fell over his face but I could see old bruise around his eye, nose and mouth.  I pulled him into my arms, burying my head in his neck, whispering, I missed you His arms, which had been at his side, wrapped themselves around me. He started crying and hugging me even harder. How long we stood there, I don't know. Dad had come up behind us. He just picked up Ricky's case and closed the door. Ending the embrace, I kissed him, quick little peck on the lips and his eyes lit up. I could now see the bruises. His upper lip was cut and one eye was slightly swollen. I hugged him to me again feeling so much joy that I thought my heart was going to burst. 

Come on, you two, dinners getting cold I heard dad say. Letting go of Ricky, I sheepishly looked at dad. He was smiling and I knew everything was going to be alright.
I set another plate for Ricky and we all sat down. As we ate, he told us about the family he had been placed with. The family consisted of the parents and two teenage boys, one, a year older than him, the other a year younger. It was ok at first. Everyone tried to make him feel comfortable but he always felt out of place.  He went on to say that as the story of his dad started to make the rounds, the parents became more and more aloof and the boys became more aggressive towards him. It started with words then escalated to punches. At first, when he went to bed, he tried not to dress as he had been conditioned, but each night it got harder and harder. Finally he couldn't take it anymore and put on a pair of panties and went to sleep. It was the first good night's sleep that he had there. After that night, he added more items to his sleepwear.  He stopped short of add the makeup. He felt better but not complete. 

Then one day, he overslept and was awoken by the older boy pulling the bed covers down exposing his secret. The boy was so shocked that he ran from the room. Ricky jumped out of bed and hurriedly put on his clothes. At breakfast, the boy didn't say anything.  Later after school and outside of his parents hearing, the boy would call him a "sissy" and "pussyboy". Then, the other boy started using the same names to address him. It because a game between the two boy of finding newer and uglier names to call Ricky.

Things escalated when he broke something, he didn't say what, but it got the older boy angry and punches flew. From then on, not only was he called names but was beaten by both boys; sometimes by one other times by both. It got so bad that he packed his stuff and left. He had no idea where to go. His mother had emphatically stated that she didn't want him so he decided to take a chance and came here.

I instinctively grabbed his hand and squeezed it. I could see the anger building in my dad.
He was outraged and I hoped that he wouldnt pick up the phone like he did that last time.
Instead, he rose quickly from the table, knocking his chair over and stormed into the living room. As we continued eating, we heard him pacing around the living room.

When he retuned, he seem calmer. Picking up the chair and sitting down, he sternly looked at both of us. He had decided that Ricky could stay for awhile and he emphasized the for awhile but there were to be ground rules. The first, Ricky was to see a therapist on a regular basis. The second, he didnt care what when on in my bedroom but he didn't want to see it. And finally, Ricky was come with us to the gym. I think he wanted Ricky to learn how to defend himself rather than get in shape. When he finished speaking; we both launched ourselves at him, giving him a bear hug. He just wrapped his arms around both of us and squeezed. 

Chapter 18

Dad said he was going to the club to work out and asked me if I wanted to go. I declined say that I wanted to help Ricky settle in. He just smiled, a knowing look on his face and I felt myself blush. Once he left, we raced to my room. I grabbed Ricky and kissed him with all the passion I had. Pushing me away, he laughed and said we had all the time in the world. 

I took some clothes out of few drawers, giving him space to put his stuff. As we worked, I kept touching him. I couldn't keep my hands off him. When it got too much to bear, I threw him on the bed, ripped off his pants and took him in my mouth. This time he didn't try to stop me. He just laid back and let me have my pleasure. I felt him grow in my mouth and helped get hard by applying suction. I went into my zone, where it was just my mouth and his cock. I sucked up and down on him, reveling in his taste. Every so often, when my lips touched his stomach, I would open my mouth and tickle his ball sack with my tongue. This just made him squirm.  His hand stroked my head as I sucked down to the root. I could feel him tense and I sucked harder. I wanted to taste his boy juices. I needed to feel his goo flow down my throat and into my belly. He didnt disappoint me. His hips thrust up and I tasted his seed. I gulped down his boy goo savoring the taste as it coated my throat on its way to my belly. When I felt the last spurt in my mouth, I pulled myself away. Raising his legs by the knees, I attacked his hole. I slobbered his jism around his hole preparing it for my rock hard cock. He grabbed my head and forced me harder against him. My tongue found its mark and penetrated him. He moaned and pushed back against me. I was crazy with lust. Letting go of him, I couldnt get out of my pants fast enough. He had brought his knees to his chest and spread his legs as wide as possible as to make sure I found my target. Pressing the head of my cock against his hole, I drove into him, burying my raging cock as far it would go. He moaned and grabbed me, pulling me down on top of him. I buried my head in his neck and started fucking him with all my might. I wanted to possess him, to own him. My hips were like pile drivers, my cock like a drill fucking in and out of him. He pulled me tighter. The only sounds were that of my hips slapping of against his and our heavy breathing. I was overwhelmed with lust. I gritted my teeth and fucked into him with all my might. My sperm exploded out my cock. When he felt my seed, he started kicking my ass with his legs urging me on, to fill him with all of my love juices. My cock spurted and spurted. When it ceased its deluge and I collapsed on top of him. I just lay there, breathing hard, basking in my joy that he had come back to me. I felt him stroke my head and whisper,"I missed you."

From downstairs, I heard my dad call "Boys, I'm back." Lifting myself off Ricky, I yelled, "Be right down." We lay there for a few more minutes, and then I disengaged myself from my love. His eyes closed and a dreamy smile on his face. Even with the bruises he looked so beautiful. Playfully I pinched his right nipple through his shirt. "Come on lazy bones, we have to go downstairs". Making a face, he stuck his tongue out and gave me raspberry which started us laughing.

Dad was moving around the kitchen when we entered. His step was lighter and he was whistling. He still had his tank top and tight shorts on. Sweat made his skin glisten. Lust pored though me like a vengeance. Looking at Ricky, I saw the lust in his eyes, too. He looked at me and we giggled. Hearing us, he turned our way, his whistling stopping. With his fatherly gaze, he looked at us and immediately knew what had transpired. I puffed out my chest and grabbed Rickys hand. I could tell Ricky was embarrassed and let his gaze fall to the floor. Dad was smiling. He puffed out his own chest and declared that he had met someone at the gym and he would be inviting him over in the near future. I was stunned. Jealousy raged through me. I felt betrayed. How could he do this to me? But in the same instant, I was overjoyed. Thinking to myself why not, I had Ricky, why can't he have someone. I rushed to him and gave him the biggest hug I could muster. Dragging him into the living room, I told him I wanted to hear all about it. Ricky said nothing. He followed us in and dropped to a chair opposite me, remembering dad's rules. 

Dad was vague about the details but as he talked, his eyes lit up like a Christmas tree. 
I was so happy for him. Thinking with my cock, my mind ran all the possibilities. I was leaking again. When he finished, I ran to him giving him another hug and a peck on the cheek letting him know that it ok with me. I don't know if he needed my approval but I felt I had to give it anyway.

Standing, he said he needed a shower and it was time for bed. We all tramped up the stairs, Dad to his bedroom, Ricky and me to mine. Shortly, we heard the shower going. Ricky went to his draws and pulled out some clothes. "I'll use the bathroom down stairs." Blocking his path and looking him in the eye, I told him he didn't have to do this.
In fact, I didn't want him to do this. I loved him the way he was. With a stern face he looked right back at me and said that he needed to do for himself tonight and that we would worry about tomorrow, tomorrow.  I stepped out of his way and he went downstairs. 

I fell on the bed, sadden that he had to do this; angry at Rick, at how he forced his son to do this. Ricky was so conditioned that it had become part of his self image. I vowed to help break the habit and do all I could to undo all the other terrible things that his father had instilled in him. I got up and turned down the bed, getting another pillow for Ricky. I heard his steps on the stairs and my heart started pounding. Entering the room, he was wearing a boy's bathrobe but I could see on his legs that he was wearing pink stockings. Looking at his face, I could tell that he had applied eye shadow and lipstick and combed out his hair that fell across his face. Stripping off the bathrobe he stood there trying to be sexy. He didn't have to try; he was gorgeous He wore a pink camisole and matching panties. His nipples were hard under the silky material and he had tucked his cock and balls between his legs so he looked even more like girl. My dick tented in my pants

A look of apprehension crossed face as he waited for me to say something. I moved to him, taking him in my arms and cooed "Its ok, baby, everything's ok." Giving him another quick kiss, I told him to get into bed. Moving around the bed, I stripped out my clothes. Ricky was watching my every move. When he saw my hard cock, his expression changed but I couldnt read it. Slipping into bed, I took him in my arms, resting his head on my chest. His hand immediately went to my hardness and started stroking me.

 Shh, baby, were just going to sleep in each other's arms tonight, I whispered. I could feel the tension fall away from his body. We just lay there, not saying a thing; my arm around his shoulders, his head on my chest. He caressed my dick gently. I don't know how long we lay there but the next thing I knew it was morning, Ricky was curled up, his body pressed tightly against me. 

A new day had dawned.

(Well, dear reader hoped you enjoyed this installment. Future installments will include
Dad bringing his "friend" home, and possibly, Randy and Ricky getting revenge on 
the two boys for their tormenting. As always, comments/suggestions welcome.)



















